Toni rested her head on hands and started at the monitor, which showed the hallway outside the doors. She could see the annoyance on Rogers' and Pepper's face. "And if I say no?" she asked.
Toni knew she should, but her heart was beating too loudly. Everything around her was spinning and it was hard to know what she was even thinking. "Thank you," she said, unsure what else to say. She let silence fall between, not speaking. Unable to speak. Minutes had pass before anyone even moved.
"I don't lose." He reached for her again. His fingertips dance along her forearm, trying to entice her back.
And now, she was completely out of her element and completely unprepared. The genius, though dressed in a long sleeve shirt, was not dressed for the snow; plus, she was in California mode, which involved the sunny 70s or hotter. While in this mode (yes, she still had a New York mode), she couldn't handle the snow in any shape or form, though her lack of winter clothes didn't help. Besides all of the memories that she didn't want (like the other countless times she had been stuck in the cold), she couldn't handle the cold at all, and though she would deny it until she was blue in the face, she whined like a baby.
Wiping the sweat off her brow, she stood back and stared at her masterpiece. JARVIS had been able to locate some paint via Toni's request, which she had used to paint the glass doors. The doors, which were different shades of red and gold, were no longer see-through, and she was glad. She didn't want anyone to be able to see her. "JARVIS, play High Way to Hell and play it loud." The song played a second later.
The Commander glanced at him before looking back at Toni. "Do I need to knock you out or do you promise not to scream, Ms. Robot?" she asked.
"Nope," Toni smiled. He finally understood that she wasn't going to listen. "I enjoy my stubbornness."
He voiced, his mind wandering to Toni. She was defenseless with people who he didn't know if he could trust.
it, and she had no interest in ever leaving the suit. For all she cared, everyone else could be damned, well besides Steve. He could be everything. Could be whatever he wanted…
Steve eyed the brunette as she glared at Barton. "Barton, that was uncalled for," the Captain chastised.
"No, Miss. They did not. They did not listen to any of my suggestions, and it was quite boring without you. I am glad that you are back." JARVIS replied, his voice not coming from any particular location.
There it was again; her eye was twitching. Why did everyone think there was something between her and Barnes? There was nothing and there would be nothing between them. "O', Salty. You just like to mess with me."
JARVIS didn't answer right away, taking a few seconds. "In keeping with DC, I much prefer Georgetown."
"Super Spies don't need a key," she muttered under her breath. If there weren't so many red flags, Toni would be overthinking the tone between Fury and Steve, but something was off. Fury didn't just randomly show up, unless he wanted to mess with your head; however, this wasn't one of those times. Seeing the warning flags, she could feel it in her bones, though that could be the lack of sleep. She
Toni eyed the IVs in her arm as she quickly buttoned up her shirt to cover the reactor, though it didn't block the glow. She had an urge to pull out all of the IVs, but she didn't want a lecture which she would get. There was some kind of fluids running through the clear tubing and it had to be important.
Toni almost squealed at the sight of the core that her father had placed in front of her. Once she configured her device with the core, she should be able to go home. She couldn't wait. In the future, she could sleep with whoever she wanted, and no one would judge her… Okay, a few people still would like Future Rogers, who's greatest joy seemed to be judging and lecturing her. He seriously needed to get another hobby.
Toni froze hearing a new voice enter the room. "Steve," she said, soft, as she turned toward the door. Her heart raced as she noticed Steve,
Looking around, Toni had no idea where to go on this maze of a base that had too many buildings. Heck, she couldn't even tell which building she came from, though it could be because night had fallen and it was hard to see. Without knowing where to go, she headed toward a light post as it was the first thing that grabbed her attention.
He had that parent voice again, but this time, he sounded like a protective parent that wouldn't let anything happen to her, and she believed him. Shaking her head, she focused on him and she was able to relax enough that she could breathe.
When Toni came too again, she didn't expect to be in a cheap hotel room, laying in a bed that probably saw more action then she had…Now, that thought gave her the willies, and she didn't want to think about the possible bugs that could be living in this room. She had heard the horror stories about cheap hotels, though if she were to be honest it wasn't just the cheap places. However, she was in denial about that. Deep Denial.
For a few minutes, he watched her as she crossed back to Howard's equipment and eyed the metal cases. He observed her as she opened a random case and looked in. He perceived how her expression change as she stared at the equipment inside. "Going back to your time isn't going to fix everything. The pain won't just go away."
"You can't give me orders." She glared. Barnes gave her another look as he hesitatingly helped her to her feet. "Maybe, you shouldn't get up," he said as he watched her curse in pain.
"I'm not a soldier," she protested, loudly, as she slowly took the card. She looked down at it, reading the heavy print on the card. She stared at the font, her heart racing. Why was this hitting her so hard?
Toni's eye twitched as she folded her arms across her chest. Though it annoyed her that he had her journal, she wasn't going to show him that it was getting to her as he would like that too much. "Why are you here?" she asked, glaring at him. She wished she could fry him with her eyes.
Toni stared at the nurse trying to remember where she met her from, but she couldn't place it. "I don't need any more beauty sleep," she teased, her throat killing her. Eyeing a glass of water on the dresser, she reached for it, but her hand shook. Feeling embarrassed, she retracted it.
Clint shrugs as he moves toward Wanda, Natasha, and Vision. "Sorry, couldn't get the little one down. He wanted to be up, and I had to chase him throughout the house." There's a smile on this face that tells everyone he doesn't really mind it. "So what are the choices?"
"Afraid No. I simply do not wish to. I don't believe like most that women belong only in the kitchen, and I do not agree with that simply because Agent Carter would shoot me," he stated. "But I do believe there are certain things that should never be done to a lady. They deserve respect."
It is longer than I intended, but it has everything that I wanted in this chapter, so I hope you like it.
Toni stumbled a few steps as pain shot through her legs. She was drained and she could barely keep her eyes open. They hadn't let her sleep and her mind had started to slip; it wouldn't be long before it was gone. "You have no idea of my genius," she mocked.
"Yes," she cheered as the handcuff fell from her hand. Giving standing another try, she pushed herself to her feet, and for a few seconds, she thought she was going to land back on her ass, but she didn't. She felt a breeze on her back as she walked toward the dresser. The thing turned out to be a pen, which could be helpful later if used correctly. "I have to do something about this gown thing."
room? And where did he sleep? He must've slept in the couch like a little champ. Did he just want to show the world that he was perfect? "Rogers," she muttered, annoyed. She knew she was judging him with a bias opinion, but she didn't want to see him as any other way. In her eyes, he couldn't just be a nice guy, who generally cared about her. He had to be the know-it-all bastard, who had to point out everything that she did done wrong. He had to be an egoist asshole, who had to save someone every single day. "Stupid, Rogers."
An expected anger flew through her, and she wanted nothing more than to punch someone. "Remember when I said to stop doing that?" She snapped, as she pushed against the brick wall. The crater and shadows became a distant memory as she struggled to breathe. "I swear to God, you're going to freak me out!" Her heartbeat was racing, and nothing that she did slowed it. To make it worse, it felt like someone was pulling at her as the darkness started to form in vision.
Oh. No, no. I think he's trying to say 'I want my goddamn file,' Doll Face." Savin replied, his mocking tone changing. Putting on a fake Brooklyn accent, there was only person he was trying to mock Toni with.
Clint laughed, stepping deeper into the room. "Don't be too hard on JARVIS. I'm amazing," the Archer said with a huge smile. "I can sneak past anyone."
The part of her who hated the very idea of being weak wanted to protest it, but there was no denying it. They were in love, and it wasn't some puppy dog love either. It wasn't some fling. It was true. It was real. "I…I love him."
"Geez, Rogers," Clint uttered as he popped the bulb up in the air like a ball. "Can't say anything in front of Stark's white knight, can I?"
Steve turned to Toni, eyeing her, before he stepped aside to let Pepper and Rhodes by. In a matter of seconds, Toni was in Pepper's embrace. "Toni," she said, crying lightly.
Also, whoever tried to kill her was going to die a painful death. A slow painful death. That was a given.
"I don't know what you're talking," Steve said, stiffly. Why was everyone interested in his love life? It felt like everyone else were more interested in his engagement than Toni…no, that did not hurt…Okay, it did. He knew his relationship wasn't going to easy, but man, it felt like all he did was fight. Shit, what did that say about their relationship? He just wished Toni would let him in.
"What do they have me in?" she asked herself as she looked at the bra and panties she wore. The white bra didn't have any shape to it as it coved half of her chest. It also made her look flat chested. "Not like I had any boobs to begin with," she muttered to herself. The bra matched the ugly panties she was wearing, which almost looked like shorts. It went past her belly button. "I so need to get out of this."
Nightmares plague his dreams every time he closes his eyes, but there's no one to see it, and he doesn't know if he should be happy or sad. He doesn't know if he can take someone sees him like this. He doesn't like the idea of someone seeing him this weak. He just doesn't. He can also blame his father for that, because his father had made sure he knew that. Knew that Stark Men weren't and aren't weak.
I kicked up the speed in this chapter. I am trying to get this story moving. Please let me know what you think.
"That's strange," she uttered as she took a long look around. She had seen the stalker come down the alley and there was no way out, so he had to be here. Sure it was dark, but it wasn't that dark, and she should've seen him leave if he did leave. "How could I have lost him in the first place?" she asked. This stalker was supposed to be sucky. He was better than what she gave him credit for, and that worried her.
Being perceptive, Natasha seemed to sense and understand his hesitation/frustration, and she didn't bring up Toni, unless she did something stupid to piss off Fury. "We're good," she said, giving everyone the death look.
She grimaced as she pushed herself up into a sitting position with her good arm. It was difficult because she was in some extreme pain. "I need meds," she told to herself. She didn't like that because she didn't want to get addicted to that stuff, which could happen if she took too much. "Stupid arm," she muttered. "Can I just crop it off? Who needs an arm?"
Toni laughed as Steve turned bright red. "Unfortunately, Stevie and I are fully dressed," she replied, tugging at Steve's cotton blue shirt. "But we can fix that."
Having faced countless life and death events, her life no longer flashed before her eyes. And all honesty, she was sick of her life flashing before her eyes, especially when she regretted most of the shit that flashed before her. She regretted a lot of her choices. She could throw a rod into the pond of her life and hook guilt. Her life was filled with guilt, and she didn't need flashbacks to remind her of that, so yes, she was glad that her life didn't flash before her anymore. Plus, her life was highly overrated. Just a millionaire with money to burn. She couldn't let Barton hear that or else he would mock her endlessly. She was not in the mood for his endless jokes.
"Shut it," Toni snapped, knowing that he was right. She may have gotten her sexy body back, but she needed to work on defending herself. She couldn't rely on her technology like she did in the future. "Fine, I accept your help, but I want this back." She crossed to him and snatched the gun from his hand.
Like she expected, the door to the control room was locked, but it couldn't keep her out. One, she was a fucken genius, and two, she knew all of the ins and outs of this place. She hooked the scanner up to the lock, which surprisingly was a keypad lock. It only took a few seconds before numbers appeared on the screen. She typed in the numbers and the door slid open.
It was times like this that he missed the 40s. Yes, he loved the present, loved that fact he could cuddle with Toni and watch any movie from any time. He loved the food choices. He loved the colors—Yes, colors. He loved all the different shades. He loved how everything progressed
Why did he tell Barnes the true all of those months ago? He should've kept his mouth shut and allowed Barnes to think that he hates him. "I guess Rogers didn't mean what he said earlier," he mutters to himself. "Have they been sleeping in their room together for the past week?" he asks, not wanting to know the answer though he already knows. He already knows that they rather be anywhere else than with him, and that hurts. It hurts more than he ever expects.
This isn't the only reason why he doesn't say those three little words to them, even if they're on the tip of his tongue, but it's a big reason. It doesn't matter how happy he is, as there'll always be this doubt inside of him. He knows he should tell someone, but again, he's afraid. Yes, he knows nothing will get better if he doesn't say what's on his mind, but what will happen if he does? He fears that he may say it and they won't say it back. If that happens, he
Once more, she forced herself to think of Steve as she pushed herself to her feet. Her entire body ached, and her arms shook like a level 7 earthquake. Her legs were seconds from giving out on her, and her famous brain was failing her right now. A woman, who had saved the world countless times, was terrified- petrified, and nothing she could do curb that fear. She did her best to keep calm, but it was like someone had taken a blade to her heart, cutting it into pieces.
But first, he had to speak with Agent Romanoff and Agent Barton again. He had already spoken to them about the strange disappearance of Toni Stark, but they hadn't heard about break in yet. He wanted their opinion on the matter, because he valued their opinion more than he let on.
Phillips narrowed his eyes as he looked her over. "Are you telling me you are related to Howard Stark?"
Toni smiled evilly, having a few ideas in mind. All of these ideas involved getting this man to smile, because damn, his smile was the answer to everything, and if anyone disagreed, she would slap them in the face. If she could stare in his eyes for the foreseeable future, Toni would be a happy woman. Looking into his eyes, she was filled with so many different emotions, and she could only see love in his eyes. No matter how many times she stared into his eyes, she couldn't get enough of that. "Now, Stevie. If you can't handle the crazy, you probably shouldn't be in the-"
She closed her eyes and allowed her mind to drift. During her daydreaming, the plane had taken off and was currently over the ocean. She could hear the wind violently and ferociously strike the plane as it flew through the ruff air. She took a deep breath as they went through a bumpy patch. Lately, she hadn't been a fan of flying unless she was the one piloting. Her
I know Madame Hydra is also known as Viper, but she didn't take that name under after her time in Hydra. I am not sure if I used her properly and if I didn't, I am sorry. I am not all too knowledge on the comic world, but I have done research, though it may not have been enough.
Steve picked up a photo of Toni in which she was smirking at the camera. He remembered that smile; at first, he couldn't stand it, but it had grown on him. He loved how confident she was, how sure she was. He loved that she knew how to handle herself, even if she made him worried. "How can you be the same Toni?" He felt himself relax, and that was when something popped out at him.
Toni let out a harsh sigh as she rolled her eyes. "I don't like it, which I'm sure Fury knows. I feel like he gets a kick out of it, calling Steve back here. He's an ass-"
He did not miss Natasha glaring at Clint, yelling at him through her yes, as he left the group in his dust. At least, he knew Barton was going to get his ass handed to him as soon as Romanoff had him alone, and that almost made him smile.
"I have no interest in playing chase, though it seems that you enjoy it." She snorted, but before she could open her mouth, he added, "You're falling into my trap. There's no chase." He took a step toward her.
The Colonel kept his eyes on Toni as she spoke, "I'm fine. You can leave." He could see her shift in pain and it pulled at his heart strings as he disliked seeing a lady in pain, but there was nothing he could do.
Shaking his head, Bruce took a deep look at the video. JARVIS wasn't going to admit that there had been an issue with the footage; Toni must've programed some stubbornness into the AI. Bruce picked up the tablet and watched the footage again. He watched it a few times before he noticed the clock on the desk that Toni kept changing. "Why did she keep changing the clock?" he asked himself. Plus, it also wasn't jumping.
That hit her, because there was a time where she had thought that; however, that was before the Iron Man Suit. That was before she met the Avengers. That was before everything. Was he saying that she had been lying to herself? Had she not really changed? "You're the one who goes around, rubbing it into people's faces that you're a Stark," she stated, trying to come up with something. Really all her statement did was insult her.
Steve stood suddenly, as that promise he made went out the window. He wasn't sure what he was going to do, but maybe, he could stop her from going back in time; however, there was no telling what that would do.
At least, her nightmares were gone for the night and she dreamt of nothing, absolutely nothing. Her mind was a blank. From her exhaustion, Toni fell into a deep sleep with no thought, and she was able to sleep without her terrors. She was able to sleep for once, which was a weird feeling. For her, it was weird to be rested.
"Is that a challenge? I live off challenges, Stark," she said, eyeing Phillips. She could barely see Peggy's form over Salty, but she could tell the Agent was listening. Why would Peggy care about her conversion with Howard? Was she shocked by Toni's playful tone like she was herself?
Once again, the room is on the edge of their seats, and Tony can't help but think this is a mistake. He shouldn't have left the lab. Why did he think this was a good idea? Why did he, or anyone, think he can be in the same room as the Brooklyn Boys? The tension between them can be cut with a knife. Even if Tony wants Barnes to be right, he knows he isn't, though it doesn't stop the desire to jump in between them. However, if he does do that, what good will it do? They have made it clear that they don't want him. A week of the silent treatment is clue enough.
After sitting his shield down gently, Steve took a few steps toward her while giving her a narrowing look. "Toni, you know you can't drink in your condition," he stated.
"I'm not sure about the loveable part," she stated through her teeth. She looked up into his eyes and felt her anger disappear. It was hard to be mad at that face.
"Look, I'm sorry about that little show back there… but we thought it best to break it to you slowly," said the man with the eye patch.
The chair squealed as it wobbled on its back legs, and Toni thought it would break underneath her. "Me shut my mouth? But it's so pretty," she said, knowing that she should just shut her mouth. Every fiber in her body was telling her to shut up, but she was afraid to be quiet. She didn't know what he would do if she was.
"Please don't," he chuckled. "Though I need to warn you, I wouldn't consider those cores stable at all. I suggest putting on protection gear." He set a few items of protective clothing onto the table in front of her.
morning as he was annoyed with her. Rogers didn't know what had happened, but he wasn't going to get involved. "Toni," he uttered as he looked up into her eyes.
After Roger had disappeared, Howard had put everything into finding the Captain and he kept looking when everyone else, even Peggy, had given up. Searching for countless years had drained him of everything and he didn't have anything else to give to Maria or her later on. Toni knew he loved them both, but he didn't show it. He was too busy.
The soldier cursed to himself, not noticing anyone coming up behind him. Turning around slow, he let out sigh as he found himself staring down Romanoff. He wasn't sure how she found them, but he had given up a long time ago, trying to figure it out. "I thought that bike looked familiar."
Phillips wasn't an idiot by any shot and noticed her reaction to Stark's name. "He was, and he was quite interested in taking a look at your reactor. He would like to talk to you about it."
For a while, Toni had just stared at the Captain, studying his anger. She had watched him as he had towered over everyone. She did try to wave his worry off by say: "That prankster got nothing on me," but Steve wouldn't hear of it, even if Loki wasn't the person they should worry about. It was her Stalker that worried her, though she supposed she could relax. He was in the past, while she was in the future, and there was no way he could get her now…granted he was working with Loki... Okay…maybe, she should still be worried.
Bruce glanced toward Clint, who was still eyeing Pepper. He took a deep breath as he let out sigh. He opened his month to speak, but nothing came out. He closed his month after a few short seconds, only to open it again, though it was the same result. No words formed on his tongue. He let out another sigh.
Toni felt her eye twitch as Trip mentioned her mother. Why did everyone always mention her mother in regards to her manners? "JARVIS, mommy's home."
"Toni, you aren't sleeping. Not dreaming," she muttered to herself, trying to make sure this wasn't a dream. "Yup, there's a ring in that box." She slapped her cheeks a few times.
His tone pissed her off. They didn't need her on that mission, which Director Fury had confirmed when she requested she didn't go; however, Rogers thought she was being lazy and selfish, thinking only about herself. In order to avoid a fight with him, she had left the room and went straight to her lab, where she had been ever since. Rogers had tried to come down to talk to her, but she had told him to fuck off, which he did.
"Open the door," Rogers said as he banged on the door. "You can't stay in there forever." If this was the future, he would have broken the door in, which he had done before at the tower. "Talk to me."
Rogers took a step forward Toni. "I don't like this," he stated. "She doesn't need to go. Stark can teach someone else."
Though Steve hadn't had many one on one conversions with the man—only talking to him when Toni was around, he hadn't even heard this man angry. Even when Toni had almost blew herself up countless times, Jim—sure, irate—was never this level of mad, which meant something
Sharon gave her a hard look, but she slid herself back, giving Toni some space. "Rogers won't be back until morning. Do you want to…" She paused for a second as if she struggled to get the words come. "Watch a Star Trek marathon with me. There's one on TV right now."
why Peggy was hurting. She knew where Rogers was. She knew he was still live-frozen but alive-, and she did nothing. All she did was whine and drown in own guilt.
Keeping her head down, she walked down a different hallway. How many hallways are there? She had to find the way out soon or she would be in trouble. Even if she found the away out, there was no real way to know if she would be able to walk out the door. As she rounded another corner, big glass doors came into view, but Toni didn't have time to cheer as a blazing alarm sounded.
"But I have conditions. I'm going to need you to tell me how awesome I'm on a daily bases and that I'm right all of the time," she replied with a smile.
Toni glanced at Steve from the corner of her eyes before she turned fully back to Banner. "You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?"
Even if Toni wanted to tell him, she couldn't, but she had to tell him something. "Let's just say, I lost my father because of Stark Industries," she admitted as she set the screwdriver down on the table. Her eyes flickered to the metal suitcase for a second before she stepped to the door. Howard moved aside, letting her pass, as he was unsure of what he should say to that.
Natasha narrowed her eyes at him, studying every inch of the super soldier. She didn't speak right way, as her eyes drilled into Rogers, looking for any kind of lies. If found, she would skin him on the spot. "I don't need your permission, Rogers, but I'll hold you to it. If I see another-"
Toni was taken back as she had totally forgotten about him finding her. She thought she had been seeing things when she was found in that empty lot. "That was you? That must've been an ugly sight." Without thinking, she reached her hand to cut on her forehead. The good thing about being out for a week was that most of her nicks and scratches were healed. The slash on her forehead was mostly healed with a small band aid covering it.
Bucky presses himself flatly against Tony as he laughs. "I'm glad for that. I like you for the fact that you
As she turned a corner, she felt a pair of eyes on her and she turned quickly, looking for the eyes. "Where are you?" she asked. Her eyes scanned the crowd. "Wait," she breathed as she noticed a man shifted. She knew it might not be anything as anyone can shift, but his shifting was uncomfortable and it drew her eyes. It was unnatural. Not wanting him to know she was following, she turned slowly and eyed him until he was a few feet away. "You shouldn't do this, Stark," she told herself. It was very foolish to chase after someone when she had a broken arm, because it would be very easy for someone to overtake her. As he turned a corner, Toni picked up her speed, so she wouldn't lose him. When she finally turned the same corner, she noticed him was a few blocks around. "Shit," she cursed.
"She doesn't like to listen. She's going to be the death of me," Phillips stated, bitterly. Toni could practically see his annoyed face as he spoke.
Toni smiled. "I can be a wing man to the both of you!" she cheered as she marched pass them. "Let's head out." Though she needed this break from everything (this included Rogers and Barnes), she wanted to get some whiskey into her system. She hadn't had any good to drink since traveling to this time.
"Nope, I admit nothing," Toni said, quickly. "However, that's was why Fury never let me join his super-secret boy band." She said, still not looking up. She hadn't meant to tell Peggy the truth; it just came right out in her frustration.
Trying to keep warm, she hopped and jumped around as she tried to work her muscles in her legs; however, that only seemed to zap her energy, leaving her seconds from drooling on the ground. Trying to keep herself sane in her failings, she dug her exposed shivering fingers into her palms, almost to the point of blood. She was trying to distracted herself, but she could barely feel the pain in her palms. It felt like a pinch as her fingers and toes felt like they were seconds from falling off-well again, that was when she could feel them. The pain would disappear for a second before reappearing the next. When the feeling disappeared, she was scared.
Both the Stalker and the Commander laughed as she pulled Toni's collar harder, almost choking her. "It doesn't matter if they know, because they'll meet their death, and you'll be there to watch it."
Tony can taste the tension, as everyone leans forward in their seats, ready for a fight. Wanda and Vision are in full alert, ready to step in at a second notice. Natasha hasn't moved an inch, though her grip tightens on the genius, and she's scrutinizing every movement. "I'm fine, Cap," Tony says softly, hoping that his answer will cut down the hostility in the room. "And, I'm good. Don't need anything."
With a shake of his head, the Captain leaned back in his chair as he wondered why he was here. Sure, he was useful, but surely they didn't need him with the fake god around.
Wanting (needed) to do this herself, she had told Rhodey that she didn't want Steve here, and she meant it. She didn't need him, even if she felt like death. After he finished saving the President and she had taken care of all these fire people—she so needed a name for them-, she was going to kick his ass from here to Mexico while she was still in the Iron Man Suit. The place didn't matter as Rhodes went against her wishes and called the Captain. He was her best friend. He wasn't supposed to go against him
Bruce gave Toni a hard look before he glanced down at the reactor. His eyed flashed to the tags before he reached for the reactor. "You know you'll have to explain what happened, right? I'm sure Fury won't let you off easy."
To her luck, it was in the science lab, mixed in with her father's equipment. It was neatly in its case and stacked on top of a few metal cases, which brought a smile to the genius' face. This was one of the few things that she didn't share with her father. Though she wasn't generally a messy person, her labs were never straight or neat. Her blueprints and tools were usually scattered a crossed the work bench, or sometimes, the floor. However, she knew-
She sent Barnes a warning glare before turning back to the Private. "You're funny," she stated with a hard smile. She shoved his hand off her and stood slowly. After a brief hesitation, she helped him up.
The Captain felt his heart fall as he turned to her. His shock was present on his face as he started at the super spy. His mind started to go in warp drive, as his mouth hanged open. "What?"
The AI answered immediately. "It is nice to see you again, Miss Stark. It is good to have you back."
She narrowed her eyes at him as she watched him pull out a box. "What is it?" she asked as she stared at the little gray box. It was too big to be a ring box, though she wouldn't have any idea of why he would give her jewelry of any kind.
Clint followed her to the window and peered out. "He's the leader of the top Spy Organization. I would be surprised if he hadn't found the President's Book of Secrets yet."
Steve glanced Rumlow, willing him to keep force on his equipment and his team. "We're about to go to jump. We can't be…" He paused, as his jaw locked in place. "Like this." His voice was tight. This could make it worst, but he had to do something.
"I can't help it. I have a teammate missing and there isn't anything I can do." He stopped and looked to Bruce, who was building something. "Have you heard from Barton and Romanoff yet?"
"Haven't I!" Schmidt kicked Steve, knocking him to the ground. Steve reached for gun, but it was knocked away leaving him defenseless. "Your humanity makes you weak." He reached down to Steve.
Freeing one of his arms, he placed a finger under her chin and tilted her face up so he could look into her eyes. "You are so much more. So much more."
happy in that relationship—well at one point, but it didn't last, and he can't say it wasn't without its issues. They fought a
race to the moon. Anyone who was anyone was trying to make them own super soldier. After revealing the Iron Man suit to the world, people came out of the wood work to create their own. It didn't work for most of them. "Any intel on who could've perfected the Super Soldier." Just recently, Killian popped forward in her head, remembering his goal. He came really close with his flaming army
Toni smiled lightly, enjoying her time with the commando, as they could always make her smile. Her only wished was that she couldn't feel. "You two have such a nice relationship," she said, mockingly.
She glanced down at the letter before she handed it to Steve. He looked at for a second before he read it. It was a long lengthy letter, and he was shaking by the end of it. His first thought was to laugh at Howard's disapproval of him, his distrust of his innocence. He kind of wanted to know what Howard would do, if he saw them now. However, he pushed that thought away as he stared down at the woman in his arms. She needed him now.
Steve stood up as he didn't want to be sitting if Banner were to attack. He didn't blame the doctor for his anger management skills, because he knew it was hard for him to control the beast. Plus, he had a right to be angry. "I didn't know what I was thinking, but…" He paused so he could breathe and think for a second. "I didn't know what to make of the memories. I had two sets of memories and I don't know what were real. And they are always changing and disappearing." He exhaled slowly as the memory of Toni in a hospital bed filled his mind. "I'm sorry."
"So I just needed to make you angry to get you to drop the Salty? I should've done this sooner," he said with a smile. He stepped closer to the table.
"We didn't mean to exclude you, Pepper," Bruce said, breaking the silent. "Just after the way that Steve stomped in here after talking to her, I knew she needed space."
Putting on the biggest smile, she walked out to meet Barnes, who had agreed her with a big smile. It would have been fun to get to know him if you knew what she meant, but she couldn't do that.
"Okay, Okay," Clint replied, putting his arms up in surrender. "I see that I'm outnumbered here." He glanced around the room, scanning everyone.
"Care to talk about it?" Bruce asked, bring her out of thoughts. "I know I'm not the best, but I'll listen."
"But you still need to rest," she says as she crosses to him. There's something in her hand, but he's unable to make it out before she stabs him. And before he can even react, he can feel whatever Cho stabbed him with take effect, and everything starts to fade. He can barely make out her form as she crosses to the door. She stands in darkness, pausing there for a second, before she opens it and stops out. Shadows forms in his eyes, stealing most of his vision, as the three forms jump. He feels himself drift into complete darkness as he hears one of the shadow curse and yell.
Clint gave Bruce a look before he glanced toward Steve, who was still glaring at him. The archer would've flinched under the stare if it wasn't for the fondness in Steve's eyes that followed as he glanced down at Toni. "Is this how it's going to be for now on, Rogers? Stark's ever present protector?" he asked. "Leave me unable to prank her again? Unable to do anything to her? How unfair is that!"
Before anyone could stop him, the Asset was out the door and down the hall. He could hear the orders from Rumlow and Rollins demanding him to stop both in his ear piece and from the echoing hallway. He could hear Rumlow curse in his ear as the assassin forced open a window and jumped out. It was at least a thirty foot drop, and if he was any other man, the height would've killed him, but the Asset could jump from almost any height without getting hurt unlike the two members of the S.T.R.I.K.E. team. If he hit them hard enough, he could kill them, and it would be easy and fast. They did not stand a chance with him even if they teamed up against him.
Toni tried to speak, but everything came out in mumbles as Schmidt was holding her mouth still. No matter how much she squirmed in his hand, the Red Skull was just too strong for her, and there was nothing she could do to break free of his grasp. Fear rose up inside of her as the tool inched closer and closer to her tongue. The idea of her tongue being ripped scared her to no end, and it wasn't about the not talking for the rest of her life.
"Why don't you tell me what your end game is?" Toni asked, as a memory started to work it way forward. She had long forgotten, or rather shoved back the memory of the last few weeks of 1999. She didn't want to think about
With this chapter, I wanted to show some Avengers movie action, but I didn't want to do the whole Avenger movie. I hope you enjoyed it.
She let out a chuckle. "You would be lucky to have a child like me," she replied, trying to ignore the guilt rising up in her. She had no right to joke after what she'd done. "Besides I could hook you up with that Commander from HYDRA. She seems like a total joy." If Toni never saw that woman again, it would be too soon.
Toni let out a sigh, not used to Phillips calling her Stark in front of people; however, she rather enjoyed hearing it instead of Sark. She missed her last name, which had opened so many doors for her. "I don't want
He turned to her and studied her. If Stark's disappearance (he wasn't too sure about the whole time-traveling idea) and the break in at Black Hawk wasn't related, it would be quite a coincidence, and he didn't believe in coincidences. "What do you suggest I do, Agent Hill?" he asked.
Howard shook his head. "No, there's nothing that my guys can't find, and they couldn't find anything about you." He paused, staring at her face. "After we let you go, I never lost track of you, always knowing where you were, which was never far from Barnes and Rogers."
"I will go to the end of the earth to make sure you remember: you aren't at fault for Bucky's death. If I need to turn off your brain I will. If I have to repeat it until I go mute, I will. You understand?"
"Had a lot of nannies, did you? I guess I can understand why you don't get along with your father." He leaned back against his desk and looked at her.
"No. Forty-eight," she snapped, as she held a needle to her skin. She knew she was being riskless, but she didn't care, which may or may not be a side effect of the whiskey. She glanced at the night sky before she injected herself. "Micro-repeater implanting sequence complete."
She took a deep breath. "It's a long story, but that's why I'm here with Stark," she answered. It felt so weird way to refer to her father by Stark.
I couldn't help but put mini Toni in a puffy dress. haha. I think she would be cute as Howard looks on.
"What? That look at them." She waved at the window, as she looked up at Steve, who had a smile plastered across his face. He really had a pretty face. A smile to die for. "I s-" Cutting off the genius, the Captain placed a firm kiss to her lips. With his free hand, he gently placed a finger under her chin, lifting her head up ever so slightly. There was this hunger in his kiss, as it seemed like he was trying to tell her so many things in one kiss. It was almost overwhelming.
"I doubt that," he replied as he turned back to Peggy, who let out a sigh. Everyone knew Toni wasn't going to be easy.
"I-if…I didn't think y-you had a crush...on me before, I do…n-now," she said, struggling to speak. "And he a-already knows… how special I am. Now, let… me go, Skully."
She let out a chuckle. "And you think the camp is safer?" she asked. She couldn't count all of the times that some asshole tried to force himself on her, thinking she was easy.
"Transport?" she asked, catching the word. Why would he use the word transport? Did he know what it did? But there was no way that he could know the truth, and even if there were clues, no one would believe it. "And you found the Tesseract? Where is it?" She knew the danger of the cube and what would become of it if it stayed in the SSR's hands. However, she couldn't do anything about that either.
"Yes, you're father had taught us a few things, though I don't know if we would use any of it," Jones said from the front passenger seat.
Toni's eyes widen as she turned to them, shocked. Yea, he said he would do it, but she never expected him to do it…right then…to Steve's face…while she watched, and the expression on Steve's face made it all worse. He didn't look scare, not even in the slightest. There was a big smile on his face.
Bucky and Steve circles the genius, putting him between them. "You'll never be a second choice to us. Sure, Stevie and I knew each longer, but you aren't any less. You mean everything to us, Doll Face."
Natasha shook her head before she glanced back at the window. No one was sure how much time had passed waiting for Stark, but sometime later, Natasha spotted the returning Iron Man Suit. She eyed it as it landed on the pad, and before she could even announce that Toni was back, Steve was already up and headed to the door. "Rogers," she called. "Let her get in before you jump Stark."
"To hell? Of course, you do. You just want to hide me, hide your bloody hands. Get rid of your dirty secret." The ground just shook beneath him as he took a step forward. "Just admit it. You wanted me to die. Wanted me dead."
But, the woman didn't respond, and the only movement from the scientist was the blood leaving her body and trailing outward. The dirty copper smell filled the room, and it made Toni's stomach flip and brought tears to her ears, but she couldn't look away. It was like a car accident. She just stared at the blood for a good while, and she watched as it acted like a growing spider web.
"You and that ridiculous nickname." Phillips stared at her for a few seconds, before he turned to Rogers. "I have something to discuss with the both of you. Come with me," he stated as he waved for them to follow.
"I can't help but feel you're being emotional about this," he said, holding his ground. He didn't move to counter Toni, but then again, he didn't need to move to overpower her. His voice alone could do that.
"Stark had showed me the specs for her lab once, and from what I could tell, she made that lab into a fortress. Nothing would affect it," Natasha stated. "Unless you found a way."
She took another deep breath, thinking. However, it wasn't even a second later that someone was yelling after her.
Steve glanced at the two, wondering what the hell they were walking about. What blonde? And besides, he hated that Shield apartment, and he would like nothing more than to live in tower fulltime with Toni. "What blonde? Are you talking about the woman next door?" he asked, sincerely. He hadn't paid two seconds of attention to that woman, and he couldn't even say what her name was.
Toni took a deep breath, because she knew she could do this. She had to do this, because if she didn't, she would be screwed. Colonel Phillips would be back and he wouldn't be gentle. He wanted answers and he would do anything to get them. She didn't like that idea.
Natasha also had a grin on her face as she shook her head. "We need to alert Fury to Toni's reappearance," she replied, putting on a serious face.
"Why-" She couldn't finish her sentence as there was water, dripping off the table. There had been a glass of a water on the table, and it had tipped over when she shoved Howard into it.
"The last one is at Fort Meade, behind three guarded gates and a twelve-inch steel wall," Sam answered, his eyes drilling into Steve, silently reading him. It was like he had put on his counselor glasses and was taking Steve a part inch by inch. It was unnerving.
Plus, she was there. That woman had caused nothing but pain and grief, and Toni wanted nothing to do with it, especially now. She thought she had freed herself from that part of her life, though she should've known better, because it was impossible to escape one's past. Toni should know this; she should be used to it, but she wasn't. The only thing she could do was to hope that Steve didn't pick up on it…If he did, oh, god. That idea scared her, though she wasn't sure why. The Captain knew her, knew that her past wasn't clean, so he shouldn't be too surprised.
"No, you can't. There's an order to these things," Steve said as he placed kiss to the top of her hair. His lips lingered there for a second as she dropped the bulb and reached for some lights. "I enjoy-"
In this new Time or well any Line, Christmas wasn't Toni's favorite holiday, as it was just another day to her. In the beginning (the New time line) when she was younger before her mother had died, it had been her favorite. At first, it seemed like her father was true to his word and had tried to be the best father that he could be. At this time of the year, her father had thrown the biggest Christmas parties, and they were a blast even if most of the invitees were old fats that liked to pinch her creeks. However, she was her Daddy's little princess at these parties with him doting over her with a huge smile. He was proud of her, singing her praises to anyone who would listen, as she zipped through the crowd in her party dress. Her huge party dress.
his hand on her shoulder. Yes, Toni most likely looked like a wet rat, but that didn't mean she was helpless… yes, her ankle was useless, but that was beside the point. She didn't need him to help her. "Nice to meet you, but my ride's here," she said, eyeing him. Being that it was past midnight, she didn't trust anyone. Only a crazy person was out at this time, but she wouldn't trust him at any point of the day.
, but there was no getting used to it. After seeing it over and over again, he was tired; plus, after everything that had happened in the last few weeks, he was ready to go
Unsure of who had grabbed her, Toni freaked out and started to kick at her attacker, who seemed unaffected by her hits. On the last swing of her arm, he caught it. "Let me go!" she demanded, wondering why she never listened to anyone.
He took another step forward her, his anger lessening but still very much present. "You frustrate me to no end! Do you know this, Toni?" He asked, loudly. "You're driving me crazy, and I don't know what to do. I'm racking my brain." He paused for few seconds, thinking. "But stop pushing me away!"
Steve could tell her the truth, could tell her the nasty feeling turning his stomach, but he kept that to himself. He was Captain Fucken America and he didn't, couldn't do this right now. He wasn't allowed to be weak. To be anything then perfect. "I'll be fine after we deal with Hydra and get Toni back." It may not be the whole truth, but it wasn't a lie. He would be okay once Toni was back in his arms. He just had to believe that, and if Toni was shattered, he would be shattered just alongside her.
"Do you see her now?" The Colonel replied with a gentle smile. "Out of all the years I have known Toni, she has
Following in her aunt's footsteps, Sharon was a loyal Shield agent through and through. In a heartbeat, she would lay down her life without hesitation, but this was not her SHIELD, not her Aunt Peggy's SHIELD. Steve was not a traitor.
Toni wasn't sure what she was feeling at the moment, but she didn't hate the tree or the decorated room, not that she would enjoy it for long. She would be leaving soon. "You're sappy, you know that?"
However, she could breathe easier, not that it wasn't physically painful to breathe. (She did just get out of a fight. Running, dodging and jumping from Iron Man suit to Iron Man suit.) But, she breathed better. She didn't know what it was, but Killian gave her the creeps...Okay, she had some idea of why. Maybe, it was because he looked at her with a strange look that she couldn't get out of her head. Like he wanted to eat her. Or maybe, it was because he could shoot fire out of his hands. Yea, that was probably it. Shooting fire was never a normal thing or good thing.
Clint let out a sigh. "I'll get it," he said, shooting a look at Steve, who was still eyeing the suit. He turned and headed toward the door. "I'll get a few. She's probably a drowned rat right now." Natasha shot Clint a warning. "What? She probably does. It's pouring outside. The hobo down the street probably looks between then she does!"
in New York. She had come to learn that she hated that. Though, it probably also has to do with the fact that the voice was worse when she was alone. "Damn straight. And we can talk about the body later."
"Toni," her father called as she took a step out of the room. As she stepped down the hall, she was surprised that no one chased after her. She would have surely thought the Howard of time would have chased after her, though she would have to guess that Peggy stopped him. The Agent always knew what she needed.
Toni took a deep breath as these idiots were frustrating her to no end. "Go Private before I beat you, and I hit harder than he does. Trust me." She glanced to Barnes, giving him a look.
"I don't know if I believe you. You seem like a spy to me, with all of these strange contraptions of yours. Are you working with Hitler?" He asked, seriously. He took a look down at her chest.
Steve was scowling at Barton, annoyed at his inability to take anything seriously. Did he not understand that Toni needed to rest? Did he not see the state that Toni was in at the camp? However, in his defense, Toni was the master of masks, and she seemed like a completely different person when the movie started. She was like her old self.
Ignoring the pain, she glanced at Rogers who was staring away. "Put me down," Toni ordered. Not only did she not want to be picked up, but his grip was hurting her already injured body. "Barnes, put me down. This is not how you get a nickname!" She yelled as she hit him lightly.
. For him, home wasn't a specific place, but rather, a person, a certain loud mouth, smart ass woman, who couldn't shut up to save her life. However, the strong-willed, stubborned Toni was home for him, and though he had felt like this for some time, he had no idea why or when he started to feel like this, feel like Toni was
With a laugher that probably woke the building—hope his neighbor didn't mind, though the media would eat this up-, Toni struggled to her feet, slipping on the wooden floor. After getting to her feet, she found herself trapped in a corner. "You'll never take me alive, Captain." Her eyes scanned the room, looking for a place to escape.
JARVIS replies, "Miss Stark does not know about my intrusion, and she will not be pleased to learn of it."
"Oh, are you sassing me?" he says, a bit surprised. "Be careful, FRIDAY. I don't like you as much as I did JARVIS. Might donate you a college." He smiles slightly, remembering how much JARVIS had done for him. He misses that AI deeply.
He pushed away from the wall and stared down at his waterlogged hands. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before he stepped out of the shower and crossed to the towel, which looked rather plain compared to the rest of the bathroom, sitting on the counter. He couldn't even begin to explain how this bathroom looked like, but it did look like it came directly out of an expensive magazine.
Fighting the soreness in her legs, Toni took off after him, but it was clear right away that she would never be able to keep up with him. As the distance between them grew, Toni was amazed at his speed, and she knew it was hopeless to keep chasing after him, not in her state, but she refused to give up. It wasn't in her DNA to give up. Her father would be kicking in his grave if she did. "Where's my suit?" she asked, glancing up toward the sky. There was nothing in the night sky—well anything that she could see, and the rain didn't help, pelting her in the eyes.
The genius let out a chuckle as she couldn't believe this was about Rogers. "He might like that." She let out a sighing laugh. She couldn't believe she was fighting with Peggy over a fucken guy, a fucken guy that she didn't even want. And besides, he was an ass. She didn't date asses as there could only be one ass in a relationship and that was her position. Two couldn't work in a relationship. Her brain stopped and she wondered for a second what it would be like to date the famous Captain America. Would he be the overprotective type, never letting her out of his sight? Would he be the snappy type, who would never forget any important date? Would he be the traditional type with no sex before marriage? The calm and boring type? That wouldn't work for her, as she loved to be wild… Wait, was why she even thinking about it?
"Do I know you?" Toni asked, eyeing him. She had to have met him before as he knew her, but she had no idea of where. "What's with the name Fire Rocket?" She had no idea why he called her that. It was annoying as all hell.
Even after repeating it, she couldn't bring herself to believe it. It sounded just like him, down to his Brooklyn accent. Why did it have to be his voice? Why couldn't it have been anyone's else? She had failed quite a few people in her life, like her father who she couldn't save (Damn letter!), but she didn't regret anyone more than Barnes. With a hard, deep lungful, she tried to slow her rapidly firing heart. Why was this worst here? Why was his voice so strong? It was pounding in her heart, threating to rip her apart.
Toni let out a loud laugh as Steve tried to act something out. Having decided to stay in, Steve and she were playing charades. Since she had started to call him Steve (the second time), everything had come together with them. She never did talk to him about the night she had been attacked or about the many nightmares that she had been having, but they did talk about things: his love life being one of those things. She kept trying to play wing man and get him a girlfriend, because he needed love in his life…. He also needed to get laid. She wouldn't let him be a 90 year old virgin, which could loosen up the future Rogers; however, Steve wanted no part in it. "Really, I have no fucken idea what you are," she stated with another laugh.
be seen as he would be punished, though he knew he would already be punished. He had disobeyed a direct order, and he was ignoring Rumlow yelling orders in his ears. He knew what would become of him, but he had to follow this woman. He
Toni gave him a look. "I am, Rogers. You're just too dim to see it." Shaking her head, she turned from him toward the door. "I don't have time for this."
The terror and anxiety only grow in their voices, which only makes Tony worry though he has no idea why. Is his situation really that bad? Should he be concerned? Okay, he knows he should be, considering the amount of pain that he is in, but with the pain, it's hard to think. It's hard to understand the reality of situation. It's hard to worry about anything when he can no longer feel his body. And he knows he should be worry about the inability to feel his body…if he still has a body. Maybe, he is dead? He knows that's a bad sign, but he can't find it in himself to worry. He is just-
Why did he have to die? Why did she let it happen? Would it have changed anything if she had stopped it? What did his death mean?
Turning her attention to the window, she stared out. "Of course, it would start snowing. If there's a God, he hates me, a lot," she sighed. Taking a long slow breath, she thought. After a few minutes of silence, she crossed to the front door. "I should give this back," she stated, taking off Rogers' warm coat. "I should probably put more clothes on, though."
Sharon paused, giving him a look. Her eyes drilling into him with an unreadable look in his eyes. "I'll find her."
Toni wanted. Against her better judgement, Toni replied back, snapping that unless she was a blue eye blond with a shield she wasn't interested. The woman replied saying she could be with the right money.
Phillips let out a sigh as he took a step back. "I didn't mean to upset you. My mouth got the better of me." He looked at her before he glanced over to Howard, giving him a look. She didn't say anything, as she stared between them. "We'll get her. As we speak, the Howling Commandos are hunting her down. They'll find that female Commander."
At the sound of his last name, Barnes suddenly stopped and dropped the Private, who land with a thump. "Toni," he uttered. He looked surprised.
Barnes did not like his tone at all; he made it seem like it was all his fault. Sure, he had some part to blame in this, but he did try to talk Toni out of this. She wouldn't listen to him and he couldn't stop her. "I'll leave when we find her."
Rollins stood behind Rumlow, eyeing the scene. With an intense and blank look, his eyes went to Rogers. "Maybe, she just wants to say no, but doesn't know how to. Saying no to Captain American can't be easy." He said, plainly.
However, he didn't have to wonder as Thor sent Toni back, flying into a tree. Steve couldn't suppressed his flinch and fear as the tree cracked behind her. He could see the suit buckle as she fell back, and he found it difficult to breathe as the tree fell on her. For the next few seconds while he waited for some kind of movement from Toni, Steve was terrified. He couldn't get that first image of a beaten, unconscious Toni from his mind, and he couldn't take it.
Wilson crosses to the refrigerator and pulls open the door. "He cooks all the time, but he doesn't let anyone else eats it… well besides Steve and you. So we're all wondering, how it tastes."
The good Doctor walked back to the table, taking a deep breath. "You have to understand the situation that you're in." He retook the seat. "You were found trespassing in an empty lot, which looked like a bomb went off."
Barnes glanced toward Steve, who stiffed at the sight of her as well. Steve's hands were balled and they were shaking. "Schmidt," Steve called. Anger was presented in his voice.
"You're my daughter. Why wouldn't I care? What happened between us to make you like this?" he asked with sincere distress in his tone.
Toni let out a soft, painful whine, as she slowly lifted her head. "Why?" she asked, her voice cracking, as she focused on the shadow in the corner of the apartment. "Why?"
Steve lifted his head and glanced out the window. His eyes scanned the visible view looking for anything, though impossible to see anything from his angle. "Are you okay? Are you hit?" He suddenly turned his attention back to her, his eyes drilling into her. She could get lost in those eyes, exploring every inch of his loving gaze. Granted, there was something else sneaking in. Fear? "Answer me! Toni?" he asked, checking her over with his hands. "Toni, talk to me. Are you okay?" His steady hands ran up and down her side.
"I'm full of surprises," she said, eyeing the man. Judging by his outfit, he was an off duty cop, who had disarmed (though he could have a hidden weapon somewhere) and removed his vest, but he still was dressed in his all blacks. "Now, if you excuse me, my Soldier's waiting." She needed him more than she thought, and even if she had to face one of his famous lecture, she would just for him to hold her. She needed to him to hold her, even if she wouldn't admit it.
For a few seconds, Steve just stared, not knowing how to respond to what she had said. How could she not realized what she was doing? Did she not care? Steve wasn't sure, but he was beginning to wonder why the hell he liked her. How could he love someone who would put everyone around her in danger with no care to what happened? "Is everything a joke to you?"
Bucky almost jumped at the voice. He turned to see Steve leaning against the wall with a jacket in his arms. He looked a little ruffed up. "What happened to you?" he asked, keeping his voice down. "You didn't try to tell the idiots in apartment 205 to shut it, did you?"
That sentence gave Steve a pause, making his mind skip a beat, and for what seemed normal for Toni, she had left his speechless. She filled him with warmth. "Toni." This time the lethargic genius did not reply, as she was fast sleep against him, snoring lightly- something that he would have to tease her about later. A smile broke across his face, making his angry mood disappear. She could make any day better without trying, and the word 'home' echoed in his ear, which just made him smile more. "You're my home, too. More than you will ever know."
"Candy Cane?" Steve asked, wrapping one arm around her waist and pulling had back against him. He held the Candy Cane out in front of her, waiting for her to take it.
Glancing back, Toni held back her scowl as Pepper smiled at her. Note to self, replace glass doors with metal ones. She had no idea why she thought glass doors were a smart idea, because it made it exceptionally hard to hide. "I'm surprise she doesn't just use the code." Pepper was one of the few people, who had code for the door.
Toni snapped back to the present with a Candy Cane being waved in her face. She blinked for a few seconds as the room came into focus. "What?" she uttered, her eyes narrowing on the hard candy in front of her.
Iron Man turned and stared at him. For a few long seconds, the genius didn't reply. "Looks who back," she said, as the suit opened up and Toni stepped put. The genius was soaked heat to toe and covered in mud. "Wasn't expecting you back so soon. What do I owe this pleasure to?" she asked, as she waved to him.
Toni took a seat across the street as not to draw attention. If her father did have the device, he would know she would be coming for it and would have his security team keep an eye out for her. Again, Peggy could be lying and this could be a trap, but she had no choice. She needed that device or she would be stuck here….
"The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component he still needs is a power source. A high energy density, something to kick start the cube," Toni said, drawing him out of his thoughts.
One of the techs popped up. "Sir, it could damage both the Frontal and Temporal lubes if we increase the voltage. He could be nothing more than a vegetable."
Putting back, Steve smiled at Toni as he stood her back up right. "Geez, you know how to make a girl weak at her knees."
Like a curse, Bucky kept playing in her head, and god, she would do anything to help him, to save him. She would do anything to stop this pain that threatened to rip her open. "Am I going mad?" she asked, barely above a whisper. "You can't be real." Her heart was praying this was real.
Natasha put on her glass down and stepped to them as well. "Does this mean you aren't going to Malibu?"
, always looking for the next big thing, while Steve just wanted the world to stop. He needed the world to slow down a bit, as it felt like everything was passing him by.
Steve exhaled slowly as he entered the Stark Tower, where he had been staying. He had his own place, but he couldn't bring himself to go there in the off chance that he could help here or if by some chance that Toni came back. If she did come back, he wanted to see her as soon as possible; he didn't want to waste any more time. He was going to tell her the truth that he loved her, and then he was never going to let her out of his sight again. He didn't care if she returned his feelings (ok, he did), but if she did, he would be the happiest person on the planet. Regardless of if she returned his feelings, he would never leave her side, even if she threatened him which she would do.
Natasha glared at Clint before turning her attention back to JARVIS. "You didn't answer my answer. Is Stark alright?"
"That wasn't mean. You hadn't seen my mean." She paused as she turned to Peggy. "Aw, you know it's bad, when you're nice, Sassy," Toni teased as she sat down. She never thought a chair would bring her so much joy, as she couldn't help but smile when she sat on it. She didn't realized how tired she was until she sat down. Her hands went to her pulse to check her heart beat, which was beating a few beats too fast.
"So, what you're gelling me is that I get to spoil you with the added bonus of seeing you in my shirt?" he asked with a light squeak. At that moment, his eyes were as blue as the morning sky on a clear day.
"Not that cold," she stated, closing her eyes. After a few seconds, she opened her eyes, but they didn't stay opened for long. "And I don't want to burden you. I hate to be a burden." She was fighting to stay awake. "That's the last thing I want to be."
It seems like he just wanted her. Truly wanted her, which he found odd. If she didn't and couldn't serve any purpose or improve his ability, why would he want her? Why would he want someone who couldn't make him a better weapon? Why would he want someone who could serve him no purpose? Why would he need her? The Asset didn't know and couldn't figure it out, but what he did know was that he didn't want to share her with the Beefy Blond. He didn't want to the Beefy Blond to have her, then again he had no idea as of why. He also couldn't understand why the feeling in his chest turned sour when he thought about the blond touching her, but he didn't like it. He didn't like it at all.
Steve glanced at Toni from the corner of his eye before he turned to Phillips, who was standing next to Barnes. "She doesn't need to go out. We can handle this on our own."
Steve's glare only deepened. "Did I not tell you to shut up, Stark?" he said, as he finally took a step to her.
Toni knew that was the norm for this time, but it annoyed her. "Oh, I see. So you can be-what do they call it now?-a Lounge Lizard or a horny dog, but I can't?"
"Why do you have to ask the hard questions? I didn't study for this." Her throat felt extremely dry.
It wasn't until a few moments later that Toni calmed down; however, she couldn't really say she had calmed down. But, she had a mission, and she had to complete it, as no one hurt her family and got away with it when she was around. She was going to get that asshole.
There were a million things going through Toni's head, and JARVIS was the center of them. No one had any idea of how much the suit meant to the genius, even if they thought they did. No matter what they said, no one understood how much JARVIS meant to her—what he was to her, and there was no explaining it to it either. There weren't words to describe what or
"Natasha," Steve said, giving her a look. Though he knew she wouldn't kill the reporter, he was slightly worried at what she might do to him. She had that protected look in her eyes.
"Y-you gone all Brooklyn, Cap," she said, into his chest. "I like it. Now go put on that sexy, 1940's desk uniform then slowly take it off."
Few feet down on a different plot of perfectly green grass, different slabs of different colors and materials rested, and each had different names etched in them. Iron fences and brushes lined the walkway around the slabs. There were a few trees here and there, providing shades for those who need it. With the silence, it was a perfect final resting place for those long gone.
Said genius flinched at the sound of her name, realizing that she wasn't alone. She slowly pushed herself up onto her elbow again and turned toward the voice. Struggling to remain up, her eyes twitched as she noticed her father sleeping awkwardly in a small arm chair. He was leaning back with his elbow bent so he could use the back of his hand as a head rest.
A run? Toni wasn't a runner and didn't understand the point. She would always question the point of it, and the only reason why she liked when Steve ran was because she liked to see him sweaty. "She's running?" he asked, shocked.
"Okay," Bucky replied as he watched his roommate turn and run back to their apartment. After he was out of sight, he spoke, "Of course, he would think of a coat when we're almost at the lobby."
The image of Peggy and Rogers kissing replayed in her head, and Toni couldn't help but think they belonged together. It probably wouldn't happened if Toni didn't time traveled to the past. They probably would've done more than just kiss if she wasn't there. They might've been something, if she didn't ruin it, which was what she did. Toni always seemed to ruin something, just by looking at it.
Trip pushed off the window, stepping toward the door. Dugan was also pushing himself to his feet to chase after Steve, who was halfway out the door. "I don't know any of you and have only met Stark a couple of days ago, but it's clear that something is on her chest. She looks like she's drowning."
The Asset knew what he was and what he was good for. Though his handlers weren't always happy with him, there was no denying his usefulness, which was something that pleased him. It pleased him that he was needed; pleased him that he could provide something for his handers. There was a reason why they kept him around, as they knew that there was nothing that the Asset couldn't do. If a mission was impossible, they could send him, knowing it would be completed, and it was completed in a matter of hours—days depending on the mission's specs. There was nothing that he couldn't do, and everyone knew it, which also pleased the Asset. He also did it without question, though lately he couldn't help but wonder—not that he ever voiced these thoughts allowed. He would get the chair if he did.
Toni glared at the window as if she could burn a hole into it. "Asshats!" she muttered. There was still no movement for a few more additional hours, and it started to get to her, which annoyed her. They would not take her at her best, and they had to weaken her before they went at her. How manly was that?
Tony has a love hate relationship with Natasha's honesty. He loves the fact that he'll never have to doubt if she's telling the truth, but he hates hearing the truth. There're times that he just wants to ignore his problems, and he can't do it when Natasha goes for the neck without hesitation, without pulling any punches. "If Barnes wants Rogers in a sexy nurse's outfit instead of me, that's his problem not mine, though I must say that I do
Once he was gone, Toni pushed off the tree and stepped to Peggy, who was dressed in her formal uniform. "Heels, Agent?" she asked. "Is that a good idea for this terrain? I tripped and I was wearing boots." She picked up her foot and waved it at Peggy.
Toni slapped back to reality at the sound of her own name. "No, I am only pretending to listen as I always do."
"Fine," he says as he steps to the plate and picks it up. "But if he comes down here, that's on you."
Toni's eyes widened as she turned to him, forcing her mind to snap back to the present. "You'll probably be okay in a Zombie apocalypse. There's a chance that super soldiers are immune to zombies."
Barnes, trying to ignore the comments of the Schmidt unlike Steve, watched the Doctor, who was trying to get Schmidt out the door.
"Ms. Stark, I am so sorry!" Harley yelled, still struggling to free himself. Tears, that he would deny later, ran down his face staining his cheeks.
There was no denying how important Bruce was to Toni, becoming one of her closest friends. "See, they would never notice I'm gone!" Toni said, stepping to her armor. Scratches still lined the suit, but other than that, the suit was in good shape; however, she still was going to tease Rhodey to no end, even if she regretted kicking him out of the suit.
Her eye twitched. They were talking about her in front of her as if she wasn't there, and worse, Barnes was talking to people about her. Why was he talking about her? Maybe, he needed a good slap. "I'm right here!" She stated as she stomped her feet. She puffed as she looked away. "And I'm awesome," she added.
He tried to ignore the jab in his side as he remembered who else was in the Robotic Labs. He knew it was stupid to be jealous of Bruce as Bruce wasn't interested in Toni in that way, but he couldn't help it. They were close, unlike Steve who just wanted to be closer to Toni. Maybe now, they could be close, though Steve knew it would still be a battle to get close. He just hoped she would be open to it; however, he also knew she could be closed off.
Picking up the CPU, Toni stared at it as she wondered if she should just tell Colonel Salty the truth. She took a deep breath and exhaled as that wasn't something that she wanted to do. He might lock her in a psych ward… but if this device didn't work, she would have no choice but go straight to the Colonel and explain everything. She hoped he could keep a secret, because if he did tell anyone (like Rogers or her father), the future could be screwed.
He crawled into the bed, and without undoing the covers, he laid down, but he didn't close his eyes. Rather, he just stared off as he thought. He really wanted-no, needed to sleep, but it wouldn't come to him and he had no idea of how to get himself to sleep.
"…I didn't want to do this in front of them," he said, with a large smile. "I wanted this to be just for us."
"Good," she said, as she stepped toward the center of the camp. She wanted time alone before she got blasted with questions that she couldn't answer. "Give me a heads up when they're a minute out."
Toni's head started to hurt as she replayed the interaction with the S.T.R.I.K.E. team, trying to see if it really was all in her head. If it wasn't, then why the hell did they leave her on the ground? And who the hell was this team? "And my device?" she asked, slowly kicking her feet over the bed.
Steve took another deep breath, wondering when he had been gotten in so deep. How did he love her that it hurt to be away from her? Hurt to see her hurting? How did he fall for her, when she always kept him at arm's length? How could've he had fallen for her when she kept pushing him away? He wasn't sure, but he knew he was going to fight for her, even if she was cruel to him. However, he knew it was all an act now, and he was stupid before for thinking she meant any of that. He wouldn't fall for it again.
"Hey, wait." Pepper turned back to Steve. "How did you get into a fight with her? She's in her lab and she isn't coming out." She stared him down like no one else could do. "And that would explain the music." She rubbed her ears.
Barnes was amazed to how easily that Steve had picked him up and how unaffected he was by his weight. How did this happen? "What happened to you?" he asked, unable to help himself.
If he doesn't know any better, he would think that he hears pity in the AI's voice, and that makes it worst. He feels like an idiot and now everyone will know it. "Thanks, FRIDAY," he says sadly.
Though Toni could be a bit much with her teasing, he would rather hear it than her silence. "I already have you in bed, so…" He teased.
She could lie, but she doubted he would believe her. If she was like him, there would be no lying to him as he would see right through her. As her father didn't sleep much either, he would see all of the lies and the clues. "Well, that depends on what you count as sleep," she replied. She had no idea of when the last time she had gotten more than a few hours of sleep, as each time she closed her eyes, she was plagued with some kind of terror.
"Mommy didn't go far," Toni answered. She sighed, knowing she better get this reunion over with because the longer she waited the worst it would be. "Take me to my subjects."
"Got it, mother," she said while buttoning up her shirt. With a deep breath, Peggy started again, "Are you sure you're okay? If you ever want to talk, I'm here."
She so badly wanted to tell him that he was going to lose, that Rogers was going to kick his mother fucking ass, but no, she couldn't say that. She couldn't say anything. She had to sit there and take it, which was extremely difficult considering who the hell she was. Banter was in her DNA. "Don't lie, you totally love it," she responded.
Clint lowered himself to the ground and ran his fingers over the raised edges of the footprints. They may all have the same shoe, but each footprint was different. His heart skipped, counting the number of footprints he was seeing; Toni was outnumbered. He could make out her footprints clear as day, as hers were much smaller than the others. The other—four, if he was counting correctly—were larger, and they were clearing SHIELD agents—could they still be called SHIELD agents? They betrayed everything that SHIELD stood for, and he refused to think of them as agents. Pushing those thoughts away, he recognized the tread of the shoes for SHIELD standard issue combat boots. Toni was in trouble.
Toni studied him, not sure what this man was going on about, but she didn't like how open she was in her position. She may doubt this nicely dressed guy would attack, but it wasn't wise to remain on her knees where she would be unable to defend herself. Or maybe, she was wrong. Maybe, he wouldn't attack her.
Her neck and back were in pain as she pushed herself up. She had slept at a weird angle with her head rested on Rogers' ripped jacket, and it hurt to move. She stretched herself out as she tried to work out the knots in her body. She had fallen asleep in a bathroom before, but this was the worst that she had ever felt the next morning. Maybe, she could convince them to add some pillows as this wouldn't be the only time she slept in here.
Plus, how could she have comfort Steve when she was the reason why he was hurting? She felt sick to her stomach thinking about it, and she felt her stomach flop. Feeling ill, she jumped to her feet and ran toward the nearest tree. Within seconds, she puked the meal that she had eaten hours ago, and when she pulled away, she felt it come up again.
Again, Toni just stared as Bruce stepped out of the lab and disappeared up the stairs. And again, Steve had that goofy expression on his face as he pushed off the door. "Steve."
"Fuck," Toni cursed, not taking her eyes off Peggy, who hadn't move from her spot on the ground. It pulled at her heart strings and it also made her feel like shit. She could stop Peggy's pain if she just told her the truth, and it was hard not to. Why purpose would it serve to keep quiet?
. No one stole from him and got away from it. To make matters worse, someone was using those items to mess with his team, and no one messed with his team but him. Though Stark annoyed the hell out of him, he wouldn't let anything happen to her, unless she deserved it. He doubted that it would ever come to that, but again, he had to play it safe.
It had started to rain in the last few minutes, and the wooden step that Toni was sitting on provided no cover from the storm. She could've moved from the steps on to the porch, but she didn't have the will to move, even if the rain was so hard that it felt like she was being pelted by halt from a heavily snow storm. However, at a few long minutes of just sitting there in the rain, she forced herself up but didn't go far. She stepped back and took a seat on a higher step. She didn't know if she was punishing herself or if it was because the cold was the only thing she could feel.
"I got work to do, so if you can leave, that would be nice," he says, turning from the Captain and sitting back down. "And take that plate back up. I'm not hungry." He nods this head toward a plate a few feet from him. The plate's no longer warm as Tony had pushed it away, refusing to eat it. He doesn't need Barnes to take care of him.
Project Insight seemed more like a weapon of fear than anything else. He tried to give Fury the benefit of the doubt, but he made it difficult. It was times like this that he wished he had listened to Toni when she ranted about the man. Steve had played it off because Toni rambled like no tomorrow about everything—like how stupid Heels were, but Fury was making it hard to trust him, especially seeing how he was willing to go.
Feeling a cold draft, she broke from her train of thought and forced her eyes open. She was alone in a dark room, which looked like some kind of a lab, and it looked relatively used. Blood strained the floor and walls, and there were large scratches on the tables. What were they doing in this lab?
With a smile on her face, Toni pulled away from Steve, though not letting him go. "Oh, a plus if there was ever one." She replied, as she rested her head against Steve's chest. It was picture perfect…well if she wasn't so sleepy. She could sleep right here, right in Roger's warm chest.
"Oh, look, it's Stark," Sam say, painfully loudly. "Is he cuddling with Nat and Jim?" he asks, innocently. There's a fucken smile on his face, a clear sign of what he's trying to do. The ass! "He lo—OUCH!" he yells as Barnes punches in the shoulder. The Falcon is almost knocked to his feet by the force of the punch, and it takes all that he has to remain upright. Rubbing the already bruising shoulder, he adds. "Hey, man! Not cool. Not cool."
Toni got to her knees and tried to pull her pants up that way, but she couldn't keep them up with one hand as each time she pulled one side up, the order side fell. "Ah," she uttered in her struggle as she fell forward. If it wasn't for the chair, she would've fallen on her face. She looked up at the closed door, waiting to see if they heard. Not hearing anything, she turned her attention back to her pants.
"We don't have time for this," she stated as she tried to ignore what she was feeling. She didn't need more guilt as it was already threatening to take her over. She also tried to tell herself that she didn't care about Rogers' feelings. Why would she care about his feelings? He was an ass, who was warmed and caring.
"There was a man, making a lot of noise, and he wouldn't stop, so your boyfriend asked him to step outside."
These voices were children's voices, and they were meant nothing to him, or rather, they should mean nothing to him. However, a warm feeling formed in his chest, though there were pain flashes in her head.
I remember the night, not the morning." She replied, feeling like someone had turned up the heat in the room. "Is this what you've been chasing around?" She snapped, following Maya's eyes.
Pepper threw her arms up in annoyance, unable to believe what was going on. How could they lose both Steve and Toni in the same day? What else could happen? The sky start falling?
"Doctor?" Steve asked. His voice was slightly softer, but he did not like the chemistry between these two.
After the man's dead, the Asset turned to leave, but as he stepped away, something caught his eyes. There was something sticking out of the dead man's coat, and the Asset couldn't help his growing, forbidden curiosity. He knew he would be punished for it, as curiosity wasn't allowed. It was forbidden, punishable, as it created questions, and questions were wrong. He was broking the rules by taking the items from the man's coat. However, he couldn't help it.
There was another question she didn't want to answer, because she had no answer. "So you're going to let me go without a fuss?" That shocked her.
Toni wasn't sure as she didn't have a normal relationship with her father. "I would suppose you would be right," she replied.
Howard let out a sigh as he took a seat next to her. "You can talk to me." His arm flinched at his side as he struggled not to touch her.
With her struggling breaths, she needed space. She needed air. She needed to find somewhere safe. In her mind, that place was Steve, but he wasn't here, and she had no one to blame besides herself. She was keeping him back to protect him, but it did nothing for her. Her heart was racing as she picked up speed, though it didn't seem to help. She was still struggling to keep her head on her shoulders.
she yelled at herself. She had no idea why she couldn't get the words out. Would that make her a weaker? To add to that, she had no idea why she couldn't give Steve an answer. Why couldn't she tell him yes?
Howard's eyes drifted to the case. "I guess we better get this going. We don't want this thing out in the open for too long," he said, nodding to the case.
Stepping into the black flats, she crossed to the door. "Barnes, can you help me with this?" she asked as she opened the door.
thing that he considered his, his only source of happiness, and he wasn't willing to share. She was the
"You just want to hook me up again," he muttered annoyed. "I thought we learned this the last time that no one wants a guy like me." He sounded depressed.
"Oh, I know," Steve agreed as he magically got her a glass of water from somewhere and crossed to the sofa.
She gave him a long look before opening the box, and she froze as she stared at two sets of dog tags. Without looking, she knew who both of these sets belong to. However, she didn't understand how they were in the boxes as they should have gone down with Barnes and Rogers. "I don't understand," she said, unable to take her eyes off them. "How can you have these?" She asked, feeling herself tremor. The tags felt chilling to the touch, and she felt colder with each second that she touched them.
It was here that she started to lose track of what he was saying. Between getting lost in his eyes and distracted by his hand, which rubbed her back in a cyclical motion, she didn't know what was going on, but she knew it wasn't good and this couldn't continue; however, she didn't know if she could push him away. There was something relaxing about being in his arms, which was different than all the other arms she had been in.
Dugan leaned forward but he didn't get to his feet right away. "If you leave now, Rogers, you'll lose her."
Natasha gave Rumlow a cold look, stopping him in his tracks. "Don't, Rumlow. You won't win this fight, and I have to admit that I'm worried about Stark myself," she said. "Besides, it will be worth checking on her as we don't want an insane Iron Man."
"I got you, Tones. It's okay." His best friend replies softly, keeping him close. However, his soft tones don't last long. "Back off, Barnes," Rhodes warns softly.
"I don't have a death wish," Sam utters with a scared smile on his face. "Barnes has a knife and he isn't afraid to use it."
Shaking her head, she left the quarters that she was sharing with Peggy on the base. It was nice for a change; however, they wouldn't be staying at this base for long. They were just staying long enough to complete the next mission and after that, Toni had no idea. She might be staying behind at the base with Howard studying whatever they were having her bring back or she could be going with the Salty and the others.
giving me that puppy dog look, which…" She drifted off, as a realization dawned on her. She glared at him. "I'm screwed! He could get Satan to give in those pretty blue eyes. Damn it."
For a second, Toni stood there, fighting back her flinch at the loud roar. She glanced toward the loud, bright sky, wondering where this sudden, craze storm came from. She could see the ocean come to life as the waves started to reach high in the sky. They crashed down hard as another thunder roared in the night sky. The rumble was almost deafening as the windows shook slightly under the intense storm, which Toni didn't really care for. It reminded her of something else.
She couldn't understand why he still wasn't mad at her. Anyone else would be mad at her. "I could've stopped it," she replied into his chest.
Toni looked down at her materials. "No, I'm not." She wasn't sure what she could tell him, because she wasn't really sure what had happened. At first, she thought he was Colonel's tail, but now, she didn't think so. She doubted the Salty wanted her dead. Scared yes, but dead, no. He needed her for something. She closed her eyes as this could've been a trick and she was never in any real danger, but that couldn't be right.
Toni bolted up, violently kicking the sheets off her, as she tried to control her rapidly beating heart. She felt like she was on fire as sweat pour down her red, moist face. Finding herself struggling to breathe or to catch her breath, it felt like someone was sitting on her chest, felt like there was an hundred pound weight on her. It was almost impossible to breathe. She ignored JARVIS inquiring about her mental state as she scooted over to the edge of the bed, trying to find her breath. Unable to do anything else, she hunched over and forced herself to take a few breaths, though she could only manage a few short breaths.
The next thing she knew, she was being slammed down into a chair, but it wasn't in the torture room. Instead, Schmidt had her tied to a chair in the control room as he looked over what he considered to be his masterpiece. He had a sickeningly smiling on his face as he looked over his creation. "Do you now see how foolish your choice is now, Sark?" he asked with her back toward her.
The knife danced in his healing hand as he took a step forward. The man, who had touched his brunette—No, Toni.
"It won't," Steve said, quickly. He didn't care what it takes, because he would do whatever it took to make sure it doesn't. Toni was too special to hurt.
The man let out a chuckle. "Why don't we talk about the job first?" He replied, not moving. The needle was dancing dangerously in his hand. "We haven't even talked salary yet. What kind of perk package are you thinking of? Hm?" He asked. "Any signing perks that you want?"
"Only for people I like." Toni jumped and turned to Steve, who was giving her a long look. "Whatcha doing, Cap?" she asked, forgetting about the poker game. She felt herself light up at the sight of him, and she had no idea why. He probably was going to lecture her about something. He did look upset.
However, it didn't seem like that was possible with Rumlow yelling in his ear. He was yelling commands, ordering him to leave. Both Rumlow and Rollins had come across the bloody body of the man he had killed, and they were not happy. He knew he would be punished, but he didn't want to leave her, not with that look in her eyes. He wanted to stay with her.
He was sick of people telling him what to do. Why couldn't Fury just give him what he wanted without a lecture? Yes, he understood that he was only taunting himself, but he would be haunted even without the file. He couldn't even close his eyes without seeing the battlefield; he couldn't see anything but bloodshed. "I just need the file on Toni Sark. She worked closely with Howard Stark."
"Hold on a second," he replied, reaching into his pocket with free hand. "I wanted to give these to you."
"You don't know everything!" she yelled as she took the wrench out of her pocket and threw it at him.
"What are you doing?" Her voice was soft, almost non-existent. Her exhaustion was getting to her and she was having a difficult time keeping her eyes open.
Tony turns to U, eyeing the bot as it chirps. There's something about U and Dum-E that Tony can't help but love. Sure, they aren't as advance as some of his tech, but they're worth so much more. "Friday, are you messing with Cap and Metal Arm?" he asks.
The future Genius hoped to be gone by the time he figured it out, because she didn't want to be here when he learned that she was his daughter. "Well, it's a time travel device! For you see, I'm from the future and I'm stuck in the past until I fix it. How could you not figure it out? There was so many clues," she stated with a smile. However, at the moment there was no way he could believe her, and he may even discredit later on his own if she said it first.
Toni exhaled as she still had things to worry about. She still had to figure out how to power the damn device. If only her arc reactor was working at 100%, she could tap into that, even though it was risky. She took another deep breath as she tried to think of something.
team. He's about to reveal his own weakness; his father would kill him if he was alive. "I…I…l-love you two, idiots. You…mean… e-everything to…me." His heart's beating a million miles per second as he admits those cursed words.
Pepper stepped toward him. It wouldn't be wise to yell at him, but she couldn't help it. She was just so angry. "And you let her go?"
genius, while his hands went to the bra, lifting it up and away from her body. Breaking away from her lips, he lift it up and over her head. Toni leaned back forward, expecting Steve to lean forward and kiss her again, but Steve turned away, reaching for the towel. When he turned back, he was faced with a wild confused look, but he only grinned as he started to dab her dry.
Toni didn't move as Pepper walked past her and to the door. Holding as still as she could, she stared at the wall with her hands balled at her side. There were so many things going through Toni's head that she was afraid of what she would say if she opened her mouth. She was filled with both angry and grief at the thought of Pepper leaving her.
"Steve," Natasha called again, as she picked up a shattered Iron Man helmet. There was a large crack down the middle, while several others lined the inside. The helmet was dark and unbloodied—a sign that this helmet wasn't.
Then, there's the fact that Rogers lifted heaven and hell to bring Barnes back. There's a bond between the two that Tony will never understand, though his own bond with Rhodes comes close. Besides, even without Barnes, there's no way that Rogers will see him as anything but a pain in the ass. He has no doubt that the blond dislikes him, especially now, as they never agree on anything. He sees Tony as a riskless, selfish person, who will never put anyone first, and for a while, Tony had agreed. Now, it's a completely different story, but he doubts that Rogers sees that.
Anyhow, until next time. I should be able to get the final chapter out in a few days. Just need to finish it up.
As soon as Bruce heard about Toni's disappearance, he had cut his trip short and returned to the tower as soon as humanly possible. Toni, one of the few who understood him, was important to him and he would do anything to save her, and he wasn't alone. Anyone of the Avengers would do anything to save her.
Under the window stood an old oak writing desk, which had belonged to Steve's father. There were many scratches and dents in the old faded wood, but Steve would never do away with it. When he was younger, Steve would watch his father work at the desk with the thought that he would do the same one day. It brought a smile to his face whenever he used it. It was where he worked, and at times, where he thought. It was where Steve was headed now. "I want to help her get back to her feet."
However, the genius couldn't move an inch as the pair of arms tightened around her, stopping her. "No, stay," Steve groaned. "You need to rest."
Not hearing someone walked up behind her, Toni almost jumped out of her skin at the interruption. "What?" Toni uttered, as she turned around slowly.
"Relax, Rogers," Natasha stated, interrupting him. Stepping into the room, she had a look of pure annoyance on her face. "Yelling at Banner isn't a good idea."
The Asset had no idea as to why he had to watch her and let her to see him every now and then, but he didn't ask, just wondered. He wondered why he wasn't supposed to let anyone else see him, wasn't supposed to be noticed by anyone besides her. Even if he didn't see the point of it, he supposed it was to get inside her mind and fuck with it, and he would do it whatever he was ordered to. Besides, he did understand the purpose of getting inside someone's mind, but he didn't understand why he—their best weapon—was sent to get inside her head. This was not what he was designed for, not what he was good for. He wasn't supposed to just watch. This wasn't what he was made for, wasn't what he was created for.
To be honest, Toni didn't know where to start, where to begin. She wasn't even sure if she could even open her mouth to speak. If she was able to, she wasn't sure words would come out. This was why she needed her Captain, as he understood without any words being said. She didn't know how he did it, but Steve knew what to do or say, even if she threw everything she had at him. Why wasn't he here? Why did he have to go? Didn't he understand that she needed him? …When did she become so attached? Being this dependent was a weakness, damn it.
"There are only three people authorized to pilot the Iron Man Armors," J.A.R.V.I.S announced. "Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes and Miss Stark."
Toni shook her head, feeling like an idiot. Why was she acting like his? She wasn't normally like this. "I just-"
"Just admit you're jealous, which would make things simpler?" Toni teased, knowing full well she was playing with the beast. She hoped that someone would notice the fallen guards and check it out; however, she told Salty that she was leaving, so he might think that it was her device that had misfired, knowing how dangerous and wild it was.
"Then tell me. Tell me how you got that thing in your chest," he said, calmly. Even after she had snapped at him, he was just as calm as he ever was. "Tell about your life. I want to know."
The Private glanced up at her with a smile. As he tried to get to his feet, he placed a hand on her knee and squeezed. "I didn't know you cared, Doll Face," he stated as he winked at her.
Tony has no doubt that she will, but his nerves and insecurities are in overdrive, and he isn't in the mood to play this game with her. "I don't need or want their—or yours for that matter—fake pity. So why don't you stop and shove it?" he demands, his voice cold. He know he will pay for this later, but he doesn't care.
Steve felt his eye twitch, but he didn't get a chance to retort before Natasha did. "Clint," Natasha scorned, softly. She was giving him a look that said it all, and it was scary.
Giving him a stare like he had just said the sky was green, Toni pulled away slight. "Oh no you didn't," she said loudly as she pushed him off. "I don't know what I see in you!"
Toni closed her eyes for a second. "Are you here just to be creepy?" she asked. "Or do you want something else?"
Steve closed his eyes as he pushed himself away from the mirror and stepped to the door with his fists balled at his side. Hindsight was really 20/20, because he was an idiot to let that woman through. He was too distracted by saving Toni to think about anything else. She was obviously an important figure within the Hydra organization, which he could tell by her uniform… He was just too clouded at the time to think clearly.
. With her heart beating, her eyes went to the kitchen, but unlike the day before, Steve wasn't there. He wasn't in the apartment at all.
Glaring at him, Toni cursed as her back collided with the cell wall. She wasn't able to move any farther from him. "Then what is it?"
Toni was petite, barely weighting 100 pounds, and was only about 5 foot 2 inches. In a physical fight with a man who was twice her size, she would most likely lose; however, her brain could even the playing field. "Don't count me out just yet," Toni replied. Careful, Toni, she warned herself. You don't have the Iron Man Suit. "I can take care of myself."
Howard observed Toni's scared expression on her face and turned to Phillips. "Colonel, her nightmares," he said.
She would admit that she was a spoil brat going up (Some would say still), although she would deny that to Rogers. Every desire (besides her desire to feel her father's love) she had was fulfilled, and every worry she had been taken care of. She didn't have to worry about how she would pay her rent, put food on the table, or last the week. She was very lucky to be born a Stark, and she was relearning how lucky she was. For that, she was very thankful for her father.
"You have broken and entered into a highly classified division of a company, contracted by the US Government
However, it was challenging at times, especially when the comments hit below the belt. His opinion of her meant the world to her, even if it was just her mind playing cruel jokes on her.
Colonel Phillips had them on the move again, and this time, Toni found herself in Italy. The camp was located on the edge of the woods, which would prove some coverage if there was an attack from the sky, and it would also make it easy to escape into the woods, which Toni had learned. Instead of her long walks through the camp, she would sneak pass the border of the camp and the guards. They had almost caught her the first few times, but she had learned their schedules and found a hole. It worried her slightly, but she didn't alert anyone to the security risk. It wasn't her place, and if she told them, it could ruin the time line.
Toni entered and closed the door behind her. She was stuck by the heat, which felt almost unbearable compared to the cold; however, after she got over the shock, it felt nice. She just stood there for a few seconds as she allowed the heat to bath her. It was refreshing after that two mile hike in the snow; however, her lips still stung. I wish I had chapped stick right about now.
With his back to him and the agent, he didn't watch them leave. He stepped back to the typewriter and stared at the paper for a few seconds before he glanced up in the direction of Carter and Rogers. He did feel bad, but it wasn't anything that he hadn't felt before.
"I only act like I know everything, Rogers." She replied, narrowing his eyes at him. Her expression changed, softening a bit as she met his glance
If Toni didn't know better, she would've thought JARVIS was ecstatic to see her. "Geez, JARVIS. It sounds like you missed me. Was life unbearable without me? I don't doubt it. The rest of the Avengers don't know how to party. They had my whole tower all to themselves and they probably didn't even throw one party, did they?"
He laughed as he kneed down next to her. "I think you're fooling yourself," he started. "Have you seen what you look like?" He was looking at her as if she was going to break.
Peggy wiped the sweet from her forehead. Even though she was a mess, she was still composed. "I'm fine."
Her body felt stiff and heavy, taking everything she had to move. Toni groaned softly as she pushed herself up using her elbows. She paused, being out of breath, and rested on her elbows. She struggled to keep herself up, but the cold air felt nice against her skin. She felt like she was on fire, like she was going to burst from the heat.
"Stevie should take his shield to your chest. It would make this easier. Make it safer for the world."
It was unnerving to see the change in Natasha, and Steve didn't know how to handle that. It was easier to believe everything would be okay when Natasha believe it, but now? No. No. His mind flashed back to Toni's scared form, and his heart suddenly skipped… Natasha was right and this was bad. "You won't get away with this."
Toni smiled, nervously, as she scratched the side of her forehead. "Well," she said slowly. "I…may or may not have inferred… that you… knocked me up." She really didn't mean to…She was just making a statement that if she wanted to create more Super Soldiers that there were more enjoyable ways of doing it.
Even though it was a direct question, the Asset knew better than to answer. The Asset didn't speak. He didn't disobey, even if it seemed like he was doing. He did nothing but what he was told. Besides, the Asset didn't know what this woman meant to him or why he wanted her. He didn't even know who she was besides her name.
There was that voice again, but this sounded closer, like she could reach other and touch it. In fact, someone was touching her, because she could feel something cold around her. She wasn't sure if someone had picked her up or if something had happened and she was dead. Did she move on? She wasn't sure but the person calling her name would not shut up.
Toni thought. She needed to get out, away from everything, but she knew she couldn't just leave. She had to get her reactor checked, because it might life and death if it malfunctioned.
Toni knew she had that problem, knew she couldn't turn off her brain. It was always turning, always shooting out items no matter the time or subject. Her mind overthought
"Yes, Tony," he says with a smile. "You're so forgetful at times." He adds as he pulls Tony into a side hug. The genius doesn't go into Steve's arms easy, but he doesn't fight him either. "Are you okay?" There're a few worried tones in his voice.
He glanced over his shoulder to Potts who was standing in the doorway of Toni's personal lab. Being like a big sister to Toni, she was taking her disappearance hard, and it was clearly visible in her voice and appearance. She looked like she had been through hell and back.
Pepper glanced toward Natasha and glared. "Yea, I remember. You did nothing to stop her or discourage her."
"Only for you," he replied, pressing his lips against her. It was simple at first, a quick kiss to her lips, but he didn't let her to step away, as he tilted his head down, resting his forehead against hers. His thumb spiraled around, caressing her jaw. "I won't hurt you. I promise."
Sorry it took me longer than expected to have the last chapter updated. I have no idea why it took so long... All I know that this chapter started at 5,000 or so words and after I proofed it a few times, it ended with 8,000 and plus words. Maybe that was it?
"Why do you push people away?" he asked softly. His back was against the wall and there was nowhere to go as Toni had him pinned. His hand grazed her arm as he was unsure of what to do with it.
"Want to crawl into bed with Stark, don't ya?" Clint teased, lifting himself up by his elbow. "A nice warm bed with a petite, sometime cold genius?"
"You missed a personnel file," Steve stated as he marched behind Fury, his eyes drilling into the back of Fury's head.
just let Toni walk out of the tower? There was no way in hell that he would've let her, as he was like Pepper. He was worried sick about Toni, so it didn't make sense that he would just let her go.
"This isn't good," she stated. Her throat felt worse than before; she should've just shut-up. "Urgh," she muttered, pulling at the handcuffed. Maybe, she could pick it like she did before when one of her dates left her handcuffed to the bed. It took her a few hours, but she was able to escape. She could have sworn JARVIS was laughing at her that night.
Steve took a step forward as Clint insulted him again. "You remind me of a bully," he stated, irritated. Clint took a step forward, staring down Steve. "You know you can't take me in a real fight so you have to throw insults."
The anger in Jim's face broke as he rounded the desk to get close to Toni. "Tones," he uttered, softly, as he kneed down in front of her. "Talk to me," he said, placing a supportive hand on her knee. His voice was soft and warm as he looked at her. "Tell me the truth."
With her hands up in the air, Toni backed up, eyeing the car again. There was a part of her that wanted to 'steal' it from Natasha just to see how fast it could go. However, she had a feeling that this was so not Natasha's car, but she didn't want to think about who she was 'borrowing' it from. "Have fun."
Taking a deep breath, Toni put down her bag and turned to the tent's flap. "Barnes," she greeted with a smile. "Hey." She knew why he came.
The strong hand shake made sense now. "You have a grandson?" he asked, shocked but happy. He was glad that his former comrade had been able to settle down and start a family. Back in the day, that was what he wanted, but now he wasn't so sure, though he did want something with Toni. He wasn't sure if that counted as 'settling down.' He wasn't sure if that possible anymore.
"No," Pierce replied, turning to the Asset. "That would destroy what makes Stark valuable to Hydra. We need her mind, Rollins." He said, pointing to his head. "We will need her mind intact."
Howard narrowed his eyes. "Telling her that I have it would only send her to me to steal it back." He took a long look at the Colonel and he could see it in this eyes. "But that seems to be what you what."
Even with her hands resting on her bent knees, it was shocking that she could remain on her feet, as everything just wanted to bend under her weight. Trying to slow her beating heart, Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths. One, In. Out. Two, In. Out. Focusing on nothing else besides breathing, she counted, as she tried to get her heartbeat down. Her heart was racing, heart attack levels. She should be dropping dead with her body betraying her like it was; it took all that she had to keep up right. Every limb felt like jello; plus, it felt like something was on her chest. It felt-
"The shutting up part. You know me, never one to shut up," she replied, quickly. She eyed the super soldier, never seeing this level of anger pointed at her, and it truly scared her. "Just love to making you cry."
"But why?! After everything? After…Bucky?" she asked, tearing up. "I let your best friend die, when I could've stop it all, but I didn't. So how can you say that? How can anyone say that isn't my fault?"
Toni always got short of breath whenever he said those words for some reason, and she knew he noticed. She knew he liked it, because he kept damn saying it. "Oh, do you," she breathed out, feeling his breath against her neck.
Peggy backed up and stepped back to her side. "Alright then," Peggy stated, still eyeing her. "And cover that reactor up. Just because Steve and the rest of the Commandos know about it doesn't mean we want the entirety of the camp to know."
The man glanced at Toni before he rested his eyes on Barnes. "I'll be back," he stated before he disappeared into the crowd.
"We just need to stick together." Steve smiled as he wrapped his arm around her, pulling her tight. "I also need to do a better job of reminding you of the person you are. A beautiful woman with a big heart. The fact that you feel guilty about Bucky, just shows the kind of person you are."
"Why can't you take the hint? He doesn't want you here, and why would he? I was his best friend. You let me die!" His voice was cruel and angry. It was dangerous.
He doesn't know what's worse: the fact that his heart skips a beat every time he sees him or the smile on Barnes' face whenever he spots an empty plate. He hadn't learn until a few dishes in that the smile on Barnes' handsome face is because he's glad that Tony enjoys his cook—his stupid,
"I'm fine," Toni stated. "Just thinking." Not even a few seconds later, she felt a present over her right shoulder and she knew it was Rogers. "I'm fine, Captain."
With a determined expression on her face, she pushed the Iron Man Suit into a drive after the man, who also drove off the roof after throwing the shield back at Steve. With the sheer force of the throw, Steve found himself thrown back slightly, which shocked the crap out of both of them. If she wasn't so annoyed, she would be impressed. This man was keeping up with a super soldier, which made it all that more important to figure out who he was. However, that was harder said than done. That man—if he was human with an arm like that—was as graceful as a ninja. Heck, he was climbing walls like one and was out of sight in the matter of seconds. She would've lost him in a dark alley if it wasn't for JARVIS.
Rogers—No, Steve. If the Captain and Barnes are going to tell him that they love him, then he better use their first names. Steve doesn't move from him. "Yes, we are. I've been in love with you for years, but I was too scared to tell you. I wasn't sure how you would react, and when I realized that I was being an idiot, it was too late. Bucky was back and you wouldn't even look at me. I thought you hated me, and I decided to let myself have what I wanted since I was a child. I let myself have Bucky, but there's still something missing. It took me awhile, and Buck was the one who realized it first. It's you, and it isn't too late. I just have to say it. We love you."
Putting down the towel, the genius put on a smile and made her way up the stairs. If she didn't go up soon the army upstairs would come and drag her out of the lab, and that was the last thing that she wanted. She especially didn't want to see Steve's frowny face… or his puppy dog eyes. She really couldn't take his puppy dog eyes, as her knees almost buckle underneath her every time, granted all of his looks did that to her.
"Why would he pick up? He doesn't want to be dragged down with you either. He wishes he left you in that desert." Barnes sneered. "You're nothing but trouble."
"Lies," Toni replied, her eye twitching. "I always look good. And buddy, my eyes are up here." She knew what Maya and Aldrich were staring at, and she hated it. She felt exposed as those two stared at one of the most important gifts she had ever gotten. These dog tags meant more to her than she cared to admit.
"Yeah," Toni countered, glaring Maya. Even with the throbbing in her head and soreness in her body, her anger was getting the better of her, and she wanted to slap Maya, granted that could be the pain and her tiredness talking. She wasn't the nicest person when she hadn't slept. Steve, Pepper, and Rhodes could attest to that, as she had snapped at them a few times in her sleepiest hours.
Toni nodded against his chest, as she fell into silence again for a few long minutes. "I feel like I can't breathe. Can't catch my breath. I keep falling," Toni admitted. "I just keep failing." Her voice was soft anymore too soft to hear.
"Barton," Steve groaned, not wanting to admit that even if he wanted nothing else. He wanted to wrap his arms around her and fall asleep with her against his chest. He hadn't been sleeping lately, but for some reason, he knew he would sleep like a baby with her in his arms. He knew he would finally find rest at hearing her heartbeat next to his.
The man's smile fell, and anger took over. "You bitch," he yelled, as he got back to his feet. His fists were shaking at his side. "I was trying to be nice. Someone should teach you matters."
"NO!" a voice yells, clearly angry. "Not leaving him." This man's anger suddenly clears the hazy from his mind, as if his anger snaps Tony's brain back into focus. "If you think I'm leaving him, you're fucken wrong, Rogers." His voice is ice cold, and it sends chills down Tony's spine. "Dead wrong."
So this story is going to have three chapters instead of two. Hope no one minds! It just feels better to end this chapter where it ends...though you readers might not like where this ends. But I promise, this will have an happy end.
Bucky already thought he was crazy as he kept trying to enlist, but if he knew that Steve was obsessing over a woman, who he didn't know, he would make him check into a mental hospital. He didn't understand what Steve was going through or what he was thinking. Bucky was a big and strong man, who anyone would want unlike him, who struggled to even open jars.
The genius struggled in her zip ties, almost to the point of blood. She didn't need to look to at her wrists to know they were red and seconds away from splitting open. "Maya," she uttered, ignoring the armed guards from the Pony express in the room eyeing her. "Why do you have to be such an idiot?"
The spy gets to her feet as she takes a deep breath. "I didn't think this had to be said, but I guess it does. I'm
However, just as he kicks his feet over the edge, the door to his room flies open, slamming hard against the wall. The loud thud snaps Tony back to reality, and it feels like someone has stolen his breath. Forcing himself to take a few deep breaths, he stills as he knows who it is before they even step into the room. He fights back his groan as their footsteps echo across the floor. Why couldn't they have held off a few minutes? He could've been gone…He could've been hidden. He isn't ready for this. He isn't ready to lose the two best things in his life, but it will happen and he knows it. Neither Rogers nor Barnes look happy.
He took a deep breath before he answered, "I thought it was obvious. I have seen the way you two look at each other and then there's the fact that he never left your hospital bed unless he had to."
Once again, she was tied to a chair as her torturers had taken a break, which she was grateful for. She didn't know how much longer she was going to last. She wasn't going to tell them shit, but she didn't know if she could last anything else. She ran out of the energy to fight a while ago, and her body had become a rag doll. She lost count to how many times they had dunked her in hot water, dumped ice cold water on her, and water boarded her. She didn't know what they were going to do, but she would never looked at water ever again. The very thought of water freaked her out.
He stood up and crossed to the windows. "You have never answered my question." Phillips looked back, staring at her for a few minutes. "Why would such a pretty young thing have that in her chest?"
She didn't fall asleep around people, even when she was dead tired and had been up for over 24 hours. Sure, there had been times where she had fallen asleep while working on a project or during a movie night with the group. But those times were different, because she was safe. She was surrounded by friends, who she could trust—well for the most time. (For Natasha and Clint, it changed on the normal basic.) Anyone else, that was a hard no. That was hell to the no. So why in the hell would she fall sleep with this man, she barely knew, in the car going to god knows where? Something was not adding up, and why wasn't her brain working? "Where are you taking me?" she asked, pushing her tired self up.
He lowered Toni's legs and slid the towel up. His thumps ran up the entirely of her legs as he dried her smooth skin. There were a few scares covering her pale skin, but it didn't subtract from her beauty. It just made her worth so much more. It made this worth all that more.
Toni narrowed her eyes. "Yes, as only a complete idiot wouldn't know what it is. It's the power to take private property for public use by the government following the payment of just compensation to the owner of that property," she stated, annoyed. "However, I did not get paid nor are you using my device, which you had no idea what it is, for public use. Besides it's not the same kind of property; it's not land. Eminent Domain applies to land." She so needed to get out of here with her device, but she needed to find an escape, which would be hard. Maybe when they moved her again, she would be able to escape from that cell.
Tony's eye twitched. "Old? I am not old! Take that back! Besides, you two are the grandpas in this relationship, not me." Steve just laughs as the super soldiers get to their feet with the genius in their hands. They are close, each holding a section of Tony. "I will show you how young I am. You won't know what hit you."
She took a seat at one of the tables in the lab as she eyed the only door into the room. It would be the only way into the room and she didn't want Howard to get the surprise on her. Out of habit, her hands reached for the closest thing: a crescent wrench, and started to mindlessly play with it. The wrench was cold in her hand and it felt nice as the room was warm. She couldn't understand why it was so hot in here. Should it be colder with all of his equipment?
"He wouldn't tell you anything" He looked her over. "And there's no way that Erskine would choose the asthmatic Rogers."
What made him fall hard were the memories of her in the 1940's, which kept appearing in his mind. Though she still had a smart mouth then, there had been something different about her. She was willing to let him in, unlike in the present where she had shut him out. In the present, she had let everyone else, including Romanoff, in but not him. Why in the hell would she let Romanoff in over him? Romanoff barely liked Toni. Yes, he was jealous over that as it wasn't fair! He had tried to connect with her, but she couldn't have it. It frustrated him to no end. In the past, she allowed herself to have some fun and she included him in it. He had no idea what changed, but he wanted that Toni back. It was hard to remember they were the same person.
"There's always time for fun." Peggy glanced back at her, annoyance present on her face. It was weird to be hated by her as Peggy had been her life line when she was younger. Whenever Toni needed to talk or cry something out, she went to Peggy, who would always listen no matter what even if it was two in the morning. "So where are you taking me?" she asked, knowing she better change the subject again.
When he asked her to dance, she wasn't paying attention to him or his face as she was too distracted by Barnes who was talking to some dame. She had no idea of why Barnes was flirting when some chick in front of her. All it did was make her mad, which was probably why she said yes to the dance, but she refused to say that she was jealous of some ugly woman. She had to like someone first before she could be jealous and she didn't like him like him. However, when the man spun her around and started to speak, she froze. Though she couldn't be a hundred percent, he was the man who pinned her against the wall in the alley. As fast and sneaky as she could, she bolted from the man and left the bar.
For a few stupid reasons, she only visited Steve once since he 'moved'—still in denial- to DC (making him come to her), and she was a bit foggy to what his apartment looked like, not that it mattered. She disliked it anyhow. With a deep sigh, she headed toward the roof's entrance leaving her Iron Man Suit behind her as she headed inside. The heavy metal door slammed behind her, essentially locking her in unless she wanted to throw her shoulder at it, and forced her into the building. Echoing loudly with each step, she made her way down the metal stairs, toward Steve's floor. With JARVIS guiding her, she found his apartment on the end of a long narrow highway, passing a few neighbors along the way.
"I had always been burden," Toni stated, opening her eyes again slowly. "I promised myself that I wouldn't be."
"Not really a hospital." She glared. "Well, it isn't. Just a medical bay for injured soldiers," Howard said, shrugging.
Rumlow had threatened to hurt her—Toni. He had threatened to do unspeakable things to her. To copy all of the things he had done to man and do them to Toni, which the soldier could not allow. He could not allow her to be hurt. He could not take the idea or thought of her being ripped apart. She was
