are just another irritating black-eyed bastard I have to deal with, and if you don’t start talking about things that are actually useful to me, I’ll crush you underneath my heel without a second thought.”
“I just thought we should do this now,” Benny starts, and the tenor of his voice has an edge of humor like it usually does, but this time it sounds painfully forced. “Just in case, ya know…”
It’s the cabin farthest away from their site, but Dean reaches it quickly. He takes long strides over the week-old snow that’s scattered on the gravel path leading away from the rest of the camp. The surrounding woods are dark, illuminated only by the lights that had been set up when they first arrived here, but even those are few and far between. It doesn’t bother Dean, though. He knows these woods like the back of his hand by now, and he’s walked this path enough times to be sick of it. As he approaches, the door swings open and light spills out, silhouetting Castiel’s familiar figure. His expression is grim, but that’s hardly unusual these days.
to see you again, so badly I didn’t even care to think–,” Castiel sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face and casting his eyes downcast. He’s looking more and more jaded by the second. “I was so, so selfish, and look what that got us.”
Where the comings and goings of history made barely a mark, Dean has left no part of Castiel unaffected. The chink in their armor had always been there, but, without even knowing it, Dean took that breach left in his wake a fissure, one that consumed all logic and reason, all caution, everything Castiel has ever known, thrown to the wind.
You probably can’t hear this but, just in case… We’re still looking for you. And we’ll keep looking until we find you.
“I should’ve listened to you, Dean,” he rasps, the once deep and steady rumble of his voice now feeble and shaky. “You were right all along. We didn't get a happy ending.”
“No,” Dean replies finally, picking up the demon knife from where it lays on the surface of the cart. “No, I’m not. Not for you, at least.” He turns back towards the demon, stepping into the intricate Enochian devil’s trap painted carefully on the floor. He tries not to remember the day it was painted, Cas demonstrating the symbols first, drawing them on scrap paper with a near-dry ballpoint pen. The wood beneath their fingertips, paintbrushes in hand. The warmth of Cas’s fingers wiping off a spot of paint that had found its way onto Dean’s cheek. Dean presses the blade to the demon’s neck and looks him in the eyes, and he tries once more not to think about how the blue of them looks stale and dull compared to Cas’s. He tries, and he tries, but it’s a futile effort, so, instead, he continues pretending.
“Let me guess, you’re not like the rest of them? Well, I hate to break it to you, but,” Dean pauses, inspects the knife still in his hand, then looks back at Belphegor with an intentionally phony smile, “I really don’t care. Because, to me,
They’re nearly ready to leave now, and Dean’s crossed off nearly every name on his mental checklist of friends to say goodbye to. Garth, Missouri, Jody–every name down the list makes this harder and harder. Still, his resolve hasn’t wavered. He may not survive this, but he wouldn’t survive the alternative either.
“No need to apologize, I get it,” Dean replies sincerely. “It’s been a long couple of years. But we’re getting closer, alright?” Benny’s obviously not convinced, but he nods and Dean places a hand on his shoulder. “You good?”
“Tell me the whole truth, Lee,”  Dean prompts, his voice dripping with malice. “Look me in the eye and tell me what you did.”
“Every moment with you, every memory, means more to me than anything I’ve experienced in all my very long life. I’ve seen galaxies, Dean. I’ve seen stars die. I’ve seen so much in my billions of years, Dean, things you can’t even comprehend, and yet all I can think of is you. You have made everything, all of this, worth it. Thank you.”
Dean smiles at that, and it almost reaches his eyes. Almost. “Good. I’m glad. Feels like we’ve been, uh, losing too many lately.”
Charlie smiles back at him, and it’s not as big and bright and toothy as it used to be before all this started, but it’s nonetheless a comfort. “Just because you feel like you need to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders, that doesn't mean that you don’t deserve support. You deserve to be okay just as much as the rest of us, Dean. Even if you don’t believe it.”
Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s softly, and Dean leans in with all of himself, losing himself in the warmth of it, chasing after him when Castiel pulls away, eyes still heavy lidded and woundingly melancholy. Castiel takes a shuddering breath, steeling himself, and looking deeply into Dean's eyes once more as he raises their hands and the gun with them until it's pressed precisely over his heart. He smiles tenderly at Dean, drawing with the pad of his thumb one more circle over his freckled cheek, as if, by some miracle, that would make this all okay.
“You know what happened, man. You’re not stupid. The demon, the one that took the colt from Belphegor? He was the runner. Cas caught up to him, and… well, you understand why we couldn’t let that slide.”
“I’m… ya know.” Dean shrugs half-heartedly, but the grimace on his face and his death grip on the steering wheel betray him. He chews at his lip for a moment, brow pinched together, and when he finally speaks again, his voice comes out unusually small. “Why do things always go wrong, Charlie? And I don’t mean–I don’t know. Maybe I’m being a baby, but it seems like me causing the literal end of the world was bad enough. Why do I always have to make things worse?”
“Am I?” Dean withdraws, and his grip on the knife doesn’t loosen, but his hand falls to his side. “And you know that how, exactly?”
“Dean,” Cas looks at him so intensely that Dean has no choice but to meet his eyes. “When I told you–”
CHARLIE: I heard about the mission today. I'm so sorry, they were supposed to be gone by the time you got there. If I’d known–
Dean bristles at that, his lips stretching into a thin, unpleasant line. “Is this going to be a problem? We have a very long drive ahead of us, so if you’d rather stay–”
“The nearest army base is engaged way south of where we’re headed for the next few days at least,” Charlie replies, and it’s not often her tone is clipped, but as it is it’s more than enough to make Lee stand down. Dean clears his throat and everyone’s eyes are back on him.
he was far too loud and if he moves someone might find him. He’ll be caught and he won’t be able to do anything about it because he can still barely see, can hear more than the clamor of his own heartbeat in his eardrums. Not for the first time, it occurs to him that he might die out here, that he may never make it back to Dean at all.
“I followed him,” Lee says quietly, “and I knocked him out cold before he knew what was happening.“ Lee shakes his head, trying to allay Dean’s fury. “I didn’t kill him though, man, I swear. I just didn’t know what else to do.”
They’ve been driving for hours now, and the quiet crackle of white noise coming from the transceivers between them is almost a comfort at this point. Charlie sighs, and Dean risks a quick glance over at her before turning back to the road to continue the search. The road is as empty as it always is, though. He wasn’t missing much.
Little by little, his memories of the day’s events return to him. The briefing, the long drive, the stillness in the air as they approached the town. And then the chaos. The demons had been expecting them, coming at them from all sides, but the one demon they were looking for was nowhere to be found. Someone had caught sight of a demon, possibly
“That’s not enough. It’s never been. I mean, man, if my best is this bad–” Dean does laugh this time, and it comes out empty and cold as ice. “If my best is failing everyone that’s put their faith in me, time, after time, after time, then we’re all fucked. More than we already thought we were.” He continues, and he can’t look Charlie in the eye. “Let’s face it. It was my fault for blindly trusting Lee. It’s my fault the colt’s lying at the bottom of the lake, probably gone for good. Hell, I’m the one who kickstarted the damn apocalypse in the first place because I can’t stop failing. And now we’re trying to find one person on an infinite stretch of road, and–and I just can’t.”
“Belphegor is dead,“ Dean replies bluntly. “You feel like joining him?“ Dean glares down at Lee with such unadulterated disgust that it in and of itself is an act of violence. Lee looks back at him pitifully.
CHARLIE: I know, but that doesn’t mean he should just– when you get back I’m locking you two in a room until you talk. I’ve had enough.
MISSOURI: (sighs) That boy… he’s a hard one to read with that little bit of angel still in him and all, but… oh, honey I’m so sorry. I truly am.
Castiel finds themself at a loss for words at that because, while they are in awe of creation, and always have been, there is no good way to say it. That nothing, none of it, compares to Dean Winchester. That’s an admission that Castiel is not near ready to make, so instead, they settle for a shrug and a simple:
“Yeah, of course I do.“ Dean replies. He looks down at the ground and sniffles, hoping that the frostbitten red of his nose is a good enough disguise for his feelings. He’s grateful that Benny’s looking out for him. He is. But, this isn’t the time or the place for breaking down or spilling guts, especially not after what just happened. The taste of betrayal lingers, caustic at the back of his throat, and he trusts Benny, hell, probably more than he’d trusted Lee. But right now… He just can’t.
The gravel crunches loudly beneath their feet, and it’s not long before Cas looks down and sees them. His eyes widen in alarm and he opens his mouth to call out something in warning, but before he can do anything of the sort, Charlie’s stride has picked up into a sprint and she rushes toward him, almost barreling him over with her embrace.
After all they have been through, Castiel can read Dean quite well now, and what they see is startlingly close to dread. It’s as if the real question he’s asking is something else altogether, as if Dean’s worried, as he often is, that he isn’t enough, and Castiel’s heart aches to quell his fear.
Cas just shakes his head and Dean looks away, leaving them be and willing his own eyes dry. The three of them stay there, just like that, until the sound of the front door of the truck closing shakes them forcefully from their trance and shatters any illusions they may have had that this momentary peace could last. Charlie stands, pulling Cas up with her, and the three of them walk to the truck. It’s freezing cold, so they all have an excuse when one comments on how violently Castiel is shaking.
“Wait, wait, hold on a second,'' Belphegor responds hurriedly, and Dean suppresses the urge to act smug. The demon raises his eyebrows defiantly. “Maybe I’m feeling generous too.”
The street is empty, dead silent, and the pit in his stomach grows, ugly and twisted until Castiel can no longer bear it. He closes his eyes just so that he can let himself pretend, if only for one moment, that things will be okay. It’s all for nothing, though. He knows, with every bone in his body, that this is all wrong. He knows he shouldn’t be alive.
“Not yet, but we’ll keep a line open with her until we’re out of range, just in case. You got that Charlie?”
The beads clink softly as Dean pushes aside the curtain in the entryway to Cas’s cabin, but the room is otherwise quiet. Castiel is laying on the floor in the center of a Persian carpet, knees bent and hands on his stomach. His eyes are closed and his breath is slow and Dean hesitates before turning to leave.
“You can't just give up, Dean, not now.” Charlie looks at him pleadingly and Dean just shakes his head.
“Not about the colt, necessarily. But yeah, of course, there’s more. There’s always more. That’s why you gotta let me stick around.”
“Hey, are we… we’re good, right? We’ll be okay?” Dean's voice is gruff, a feeble attempt to appear unaffected, but Castiel sees right through him. He looks back at Dean, and the blue of his eyes are clouded with an awful mixture of heartache and fondness. His lips tug into a small but earnest smile.
Dean, grateful for the change in topic, lets the smile slip from his face once more. “Now… Now we’ve got to find Cas.”
Cas turns off the transceiver in a hurry, praying to a god he knows isn't listening that whoever’s coming didn't hear his transmission.
“We’ll find him, Dean. We will.” The smile on her face is meant to be reassuring, but Dean can see straight through her. The hours pass unforgivingly, and they’re all losing faith in the outcome of their search. Dean scrubs a hand over his face and takes a deep breath before shifting the truck into gear and starting it up.
Charlie sniffles and wipes her eyes with the back of her hand. “I know.” She manages a small smile that Dean knows is as much for her own sake as it is for his. Dean sees her gaze flick over to Cas’s hunched figure, and before he can say a word of warning against it she’s striding swiftly in his direction. Dean knows there’s no stopping her, and, quite honestly, he doesn’t want to, so he settles instead for following quickly in her wake.
His eyes narrow when he spots the offending tree root, but he moves toward it anyway, taking a seat on its surface because it’s still better than sitting back down in the dirt. In the cold dark silence, Castiel is nearly still, save only for the steady rise and fall of his chest and the clouds of his breath as he exhales into the winter air. He forces himself to contemplate what would happen if he never made it back home. If he dies out here and one day Dean just... finds him. Or, if Dean just
Lee chuckles and meets Dean’s eyes, and there's a humor in them that Dean finds sickening. “Wasn’t supposed to happen that way. That last mission, the ambush was less effective than it should’ve been. I guess they underestimated you. Belphegor was supposed to hand off the colt to some other demon, but…” Lee breaks eye contact once more, and this time he almost does look guilty. Dean’s stomach turns. “Let’s just say that certain events transpired that made ‘Plan A’ impossible. So I took over.”
“Get everyone ready. Jody, Charlie too if she wants to come. Get everyone from the last mission, since they’ll already be familiar with the area. Find replacements for the casualties and for… everyone else we’re missing.” Dean begins to move away, striding quickly towards the cluster of cabins that make up the majority of their camp. Benny follows suit, keeping pace with him. “I’ll send someone back to take care of–” Dean closes his eyes for a second and takes a deep breath. “To take care of Lee's body. We’re on the road at 10 at the latest but if everyone’s ready fast enough, I’d prefer to leave sooner.”
Cas only shakes his head, his expression turning stern and almost entirely lucid for the first time in hours. “Dean, there is no other way. You know that. It’s the croatoan virus. There’s nothing in the world that can cure something specifically engineered by Pestilence himself. It’s deadly, in every sense of the word so I’m sorry, but there’s no fixing me, there’s no saving me, Dean. Not from this.”
“Don’t–you can’t just say that like that makes this alright. You don’t even know how much I… I love you, Cas,” Dean pleads, “so you can’t just give up. You can’t. We have to fight this. You said we’d face this together, remember? You promised.”
“You okay, kid?” He asks shortly, giving her an out if she doesn’t want to talk, but allowing the underlying sincerity in his tone to speak volumes. Charlie doesn’t turn around, but her lips quirk up a little in an exhausted half-smile.
When Dean tears himself away, he’s met by Charlie, standing only a few paces from him. The look on her face breaks his heart. He walks toward her, and his arms are open before he even reaches her. They meet and Dean pulls her close, and when he feels her tears staining the fabric of his shirt, he almost breaks. Almost.
Charlie rests her head heavily on the window. “I know it is.” With her good hand she absently fiddles with the pull of her zipper, and she doesn’t turn to look at him this time, but it’s dark and Dean’s eyes are on the road so he pretends it doesn’t make a difference. “But we’ll find him, Dean. Eventually.” She tries to say it like she means it, but Charlie’s never had a gift for telling lies.
“I’m fine, Cas.” Dean reaches the doorway and looks inside. The cabin is wooden like all the rest, but it lacks any of the furniture or personal items that the other cabins have. It’s barren, save for a liberal amount of sigils painted carefully on every available surface, a rusted metal cart, and an old wooden chair–which, currently, is occupied. “He say anything?”
Dean feels like crawling tightly into a ball and never unfurling. He hastily opens his mouth to say something then closes it just as fast. So badly he wants to take Cas’s words and hold onto them for dear life, to carve them into his bones so he can keep them close until there’s nothing of him but dust.
Cas lifts his eyes lazily to meet Dean’s. “Sounds like a plan.” Dean’s expression turns stony, and he stares at Cas a few moments longer before straightening his posture and averting his eyes. “Alright, pick two people each, I want them loaded on the truck in ten. Charlie, get Missouri set up as soon as possible, I want a mic check before we’re on the road. Cas, stay behind a minute. Everyone else–you know what to do.” The few people in the room acknowledge him with a variety of nods and grunts of assent. Jody’s out the door first as always, set on being prepared as far in advance as possible. She’s followed closely by Charlie who throws up a Vulcan salute with her good arm and parts with a smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes. Lee walks quickly behind them and he doesn’t meet Dean’s gaze, but Dean figures he’s appropriately cowed by his confrontation with Charlie so he pays it no mind. Benny stops in front of him, his expression contrite.
In the silence before daybreak, in the candlelit room walled in from the scrutiny of the stars, and between the shallow breaths of mourning lovers, there is no squeeze of the trigger. There is no mortal thunderclap, no stopping of hearts, no spilling of blood. Not yet, anyway. Dean's hand trembles as he disentangles his fingers from Castiel’s, forfeiting their joint grip on the pistol and tossing it aside hastily. Like it's suddenly become white-hot.
DEAN: Fuck, okay move out, move out. I need three gunners in the back right fucking now– okay. Okay. We’re losing them.
. So I'll throw away ego, I'll throw away self-preservation, I'll throw away this whole damn war, because I am
Dean takes both of Castiel’s hands in his, smoothing thumbs over knuckles absently as he gazes into Castiel's eyes with a resolve that is so frighteningly unshakeable he has no choice but to look away. He doesn’t see Dean take a trembling breath, but he hears it, he feels it crash over him, coming in waves and pulling him under. He hardly dares breathe himself, for fear that what little air he has left would be ripped from him, that he’d drown in Dean completely and give in without a thought.
Dean doesn’t respond, his gaze fixed on the blur outside his window yet again. If his eyes start to water, he’ll blame it on the brisk winter wind that whips past the open window. If his fist is closed so tight it turns white, he’ll blame it on the freezing cold, or on poor circulation. Nevermind that the window is closed, or that the crescent moon imprints of his own fingernails remain on the skin of his palms for hours.
“Listen, you piece of shit. We might have a history, but right now, you mean absolutely nothing to me. I’ve been holding back up until this point, but you know exactly what I’m capable of. So talk–or I’ll make you.” Dean eases back, releasing his grip on Lee’s shoulder. Lee closes his eyes, exhaling shakily and cursing under his breath. For a long moment, the room is quiet.
“Yeah. Yeah it does.“ Benny agrees quietly. He pauses, before looking at Dean questioningly. “So, boss… what’s the plan now?”
“You?” Charlie turns to him, eyebrows raised incredulously, but Dean doesn’t look back at her, continuing to sweep his gaze over the empty highway instead. “How is this on you?”
The words are out of their mouth unthinkingly, and Castiel hopes desperately that Dean doesn’t see this as the admission it is. That they may well have said everything they’ve kept bottled up for decades. Dean’s brow pinches, and he struggles with a reply before Castiel shakes their head, dispelling the tangible tension between them. Cas smiles kindly, but it doesn’t reach their eyes.
Dean can’t look anymore. He can barely breathe. With a leaden heart and the warmth of Castiel’s touch still on his hand, his cheek his forehead, Dean Winchester lets his eyes fall closed.
“Hey chief,” Benny calls to him, but his familiar greeting is more sober than usual. Dean looks down to meet his eyes. He approaches carefully, striding closer to the doorway that Dean has found himself unable to move from. Benny’s eyes dart down to Dean’s hands, where the splatter of blood is still visible. He hasn’t bothered to wash it off yet.
“Nothing useful,” Castiel replies, not meeting Dean’s eyes. He sighs, his breath clouding up the frigid January air. He kicks at the slush on the ground.
“I’m…” she takes a moment, choosing her words with care. “I’m alright, all things considered.” Charlie glances back at Dean fleetingly. “I’m gonna kick Lee’s ‘Cypher’ wannabe ass so hard he’ll wish he was never born, though.” She takes a deep, steadying breath. “How are you?”
Dean scoffs, his back still turned, busying his hands with the tools on the cart. The nagging voice in the back of his mind tells him that there is something very, very off about this whole situation, but he can't quite put his finger on it. “Talking and telling the truth are two different things.”
Dean hushes him, letting go of Cas’s hands in favor of reaching up to carefully cup his face. His features melt into unadulterated fondness as if Cas’s eyes aren’t red and half sunken-in, as if his complexion hasn’t gone anemic, waxy and greying as he sinks further towards the inevitable. Dean smiles at Castiel, and his smile is achingly real.
“Damn it.” Castiel grits his teeth, trying to will away the pounding his head, and, hastily, he fishes the transceiver from his pocket and turns it on.
“So,” Cas finally drawls, stretching out the ‘o’ so the word hangs in the air a few moments too long. “What’s the ‘haps?”
After another minute, the croat finally walks away, joining his peers, and once they’re at a safe enough distance Castiel lets himself exhale again. It’s shaky, and hangs foggy in the chill air. Cas closes his eyes, sinking to the ground, but he’s not even relieved. In his terror, his blood feels ice cold in his veins.
“Okay, so what?” Dean snaps suddenly, “Do you want me to just break down in front of you? Have a heart to heart, braid each other's hair, and have a movie night? Is that what you want?”
DEAN: We’re not leaving without getting what we came for. Get them to the trucks if you can. Fuck, where is he?
I KNOW THE PROTOCOL ON THIS: EXECUTE POINT BLANK THE SECOND SYMPTOMS PRESENT THEMSELVES BUT FUCK PROTOCOL. THIS IS CAS. I COULDN’T DO THAT TO HIM, AND I COULDN'T WATCH SOMEONE ELSE DO THAT TO HIM EITHER. I’VE MADE UP MY MIND.
And that’s the last straw, because even now, Dean realizes, Lee’s just looking out for himself the way he always has. The way Dean should’ve realized he has been all along, and that vile realization makes Dean hate himself infinitely more–especially because his willing ignorance may have come at the cost of his best friend’s life. Cas, who puts everyone else above himself time after time, whose intentions have never strayed from what is good, and kind, and just. Dean’s expression hardens.
“Look, I don’t like it any more than you do, but believe me–that demon was telling the truth. Belphegor’s our ticket.” The room falls silent for a moment before Jody speaks up.
Often, the worlds behind Dean’s closed eyes were nothing but nightmares. Smoke, acrid and burning at his eyes, his nose, the back of his throat–and the fire licking at his heels as he stumbles, because he’s only a child and his arms are aching and he can't run fast enough, and everything around him is ablaze. Other nights it’s the faces from the pit, twisted and howling, and they writhe as they emerge from the dirt beneath Dean’s feet and drag him, kicking and screaming, back into the belly of the earth. Whenever Castiel had happened upon one of those terrible dreams, he’d ease it away with a barely-there touch on Dean’s forehead before leaving without a word. If Dean had known why so many of his nightmares were cut short, fading away without a trace, he didn't let on. Cas sighs heavily at the thought of it, the guilt he feels every time he sees Dean in the morning, the circles under his eyes dark like bruises. There is no one to soothe Dean’s nightmares away anymore, though, so, instead, Castiel thinks of the good dreams–far between but happily present–and he smiles into the darkness until his eyes crinkle at the corners.
Charlie parts with a kiss on Castiel’s sallow cheek and a squeeze of Dean’s hand. “This isn’t your fault either, you know,” she whispers as she passes, but Dean doesn’t respond with anything more than a sad smile. He climbs into the cold metal back of the truck, pulling Castiel up after him, and they share a weary look as Benny pulls the opening closed and the lock clicks from outside.
“This isn’t on you, Cas. It’s not. Hey,” Dean stares down at him pointedly, willing Castiel to meet his eyes again. “Cas. Castiel. Look at me. We’ll find another way. We will. We have to.”
Dean and Castiel drive the rest of the way in silence, steeping in their sorrow like they always do.
The searches bring with them a whole new kind of anxiety, because, with everything in him, Dean wants to call out Cas’s name, to race frantically through the trees leaving no stone unturned, and every moment he’s a hair’s breadth away from doing exactly that–but he knows that he can’t. He’s endangered everyone’s lives enough by bringing them here in the first place. He’s not going to put them all at further risk by acting out, even if he wants to. He won’t turn them all into a beacon for wandering croats, demons, and any other brand of evil that might be lurking nearby.
“So what, Cas?” He asks dispassionately. “What now? You think we can win this war with what–the power of love? Grow up. This isn’t a movie, and we don't get to have a happy ending.”
Despite himself, Dean chuckles lightly. He looks at Cas, bemused. “The ‘haps? The ‘haps, Cas, is we caught ourselves another punk-ass demon that had a lot to say, very little of which was useful. Useful enough, though. Got a name out of him.” Dean turns away, looking up at the ceiling. “Belphegor.” Cas nods in acknowledgment, but Dean can't help but notice the slackness of his movements even in his periphery. Dean clears his throat. “There’s a briefing at 05:00 tomorrow morning. That’s why I came. You’ll be ready, right?”
DEAN: Roger that. Let Chuck and Jody know. I’m on my way to Missouri right now just in case. We’ll split up, individual cars, mics on at all times. We’re on the road in five. Clear?
Dean snaps his journal shut so suddenly that Cas looks over at him, but only briefly, his eyes quickly returning to the road ahead. Slipping his pen and the book back into the pocket of his jacket, Dean turns now to look out of the window next to him. He’s only half paying attention, though. The trees, dusted with snow, are nothing but a blur of green, white, and brown rushing past him, and they seem all the more unfamiliar from his reluctant place in the passenger seat. Cas had insisted on driving, told Dean to get some sleep, but the tangible tension between them would’ve made sleep impossible even if he had wanted it. They’re both irritated and on edge, and they’re isolated from the rest of their group in front of the two passenger munitions truck. Dean would do anything for a distraction at this point, but there’s no music to play. No one to talk to–at least, no one who isn’t Cas, anyway–and the thought of talking to Cas right now makes his stomach twist into knots, because neither of them can take back what they said, and both of them refuse to back down. There’s nothing else to be done.
, he feels a little less like he wants to crawl out of his own skin. He shoves aside the anxious thoughts running endlessly through his mind, the silent prayers to someone who can longer hear them. He’ll slice and bruise and batter until his mind, at last, goes quiet.
“Yeah,” Dean interrupts curtly, hoping to avoid a long conversation. “Yeah, he’s…” He trails off. He still can’t bring himself to say it. Not right now.
The car door shuts violently, and Dean slams his fist on the dashboard hard enough to bruise. Charlie slips into the car beside him with much less fanfare. She closes the passenger door and looks over at him.
CASTIEL: Only enough to make it clear that it’s something we won’t be talking about. It’s fine though. You know how Dean is.
“There’s really no stopping you, is there?” Cas asks, hushed, so that maybe, just maybe, Dean won’t hear it. That he won’t have anything to agree to, but with the way Dean is looking at him, Castiel knows he’s out of luck.
“This a sure thing?” Dean sends him a questioning glance. “I’m not sayin’ I don’t trust your judgment, but a fifteen-hour drive just to find one demon who we only know about because
He stumbles over an exposed tree root, and he tries to catch himself, but it’s still terribly dark, and there’s nothing to hold onto, and so, Castiel falls, inelegantly, to the ground with an aborted cry. His vision swims, and bile rises in his throat. The woods feel like they’re pressing in around him, ready to swallow him whole. Every rustle of leaves is deafening, the moonlight is bright as a spotlight, and god, he can’t do anything but lay on the cold wet dirt of the forest floor because he
“What about the army mooks?” Dean shoots Lee a warning glance, but he’s already looking over at Charlie. She looks thoroughly unimpressed, and, even though she still has a cast on her left arm, Dean’s surprised Lee has the gall to question her. “You got any news on them? Because–”
DEAN: Think I saw something. Pull over, make sure everyone else follows suit. We’re making another stop.
Cas’s eyes fall shut, and he lets out a shuddering breath. “But Dean,” he whispers, I’m afraid now.”
MISSOURI’S TIP PANNED OUT. CAPTURED THE DEMON SHE TOLD US TO FIND. CAS HAS HIM SECURED NOW, WILL INTERROGATE TONIGHT AT 21:00. KEVIN GOT HIT AGAIN. HE’LL BE ALRIGHT, BUT WE LOST TOO MANY TODAY. GODDAMN MILITARY, 4 YEARS AND THEY STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. FUCKED UP OUR LAST 3 OPERATIONS. I WISH THEY’D JUST LEAVE THE DEMONS TO US. COULD DO WITH THEIR AMMO THOUGH. CHUCK SAYS WE’RE RUNNING LOW AGAIN.
“Yeah, I just, uh,” Dean catches Cas’s eye for a split second before looking away guiltily. “Okay. I’ll come find you… after.” He hastily pats Cas on the shoulder and walks into the cabin without looking back, closing the door behind him.
MISSOURI: And I also know what you’re gonna do anyway. I’d warn against it, but I know what you’d say to that too. You’ve always been a stubborn one, you won’t go changin’ now, will you? You’ve already made up your mind.
It’s early enough in the evening that Camp Chitaqua is still humming with activity, and as always a small crowd of people have paused their busywork to oversee the group’s return, to to help unload the trucks and provide medical assistance when needed. Charlie stands among them, the bright white of her cast shining like a beacon and making Dean feel sick to his stomach. Sicker than he already was, at least, because the feeling had never really stopped. She hasn’t seen him yet though, caught up in watching Alicia, Garth, and Layla as they’re escorted to the medical cabin. Reluctantly, Dean gets out of the truck and, finally, she does see him. Charlie starts to run toward him, but the look on his face must be something unspeakably ugly and tragic because she stops dead in her tracks. Dean offers Benny a few parting instructions before walking slowly to meet her, eyes fixed on the ground beneath his feet, begging his mind to focus on way the dirt and leaves mix with the old snow unappealingly. He reaches Charlie all too quickly.
In his last moments of lucidity, Castiel lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder, fitting the pads of his fingers perfectly onto the raised bumps of the years-old scar where he had held Dean for the very first time. His hand moves upwards then, more steady than it’s been in hours, to cradle Dean’s cheek as tenderly as he can. Dean leans into the contact and he knows, without a shred of doubt, that he could not live without it, not now that he’s had it. It’s an awful, gnawing, unholy feeling to be loved like this and to know that it can not last, no matter what they might try. Dean is sick with it now, though, and he can't go back. Not ever. Their story ends like this, like a tragedy, the two of them victims of hubris and fate and circumstance, but it’s okay, Dean thinks. So be it. At least they’re closing the book together.
A dense fog of unease settles over Castiel, and the bone-deep chill he feels isn’t caused only by the temperature. He stands shakily, pressing his bare palms to the grimy cement wall beside him to brace himself. His stomach lurches and his mind races far too fast for him to make sense of all that’s happened, but, regardless, Castiel sets his jaw and steadies himself. His eye catches on his rifle, now lying abandoned on the floor across the room where it must’ve been cast away in the struggle. Castiel retrieves it and checks the chamber. There’s not much ammunition left, but enough–hopefully. He makes it to the front door of the building and pushes it open, and, as grey-purple twilight spills over his figure he inhales sharply and stares wide-eyed at the scene in front of him.
Dean closes the door behind him without responding. His gaze sweeps over the prisoner, but it doesn’t linger. He turns instead to the lone cart in the middle of the otherwise barren room, acting on autopilot as he checks that every instrument he may need is in place. Nothing’s missing, though. Everything’s perfectly prepared as always, even without Cas’s help.
Dean’s grip on the steering wheel is unforgiving, his knuckles a ghastly sight of white-yellow fury and peppered with spots of dark red dried blood, and it’s ugly against the black of the dashboard. Charlie sits beside him, peering out the passenger window, resting her uninjured arm on the door and using it to prop her chin up. She's tired, of course, they all are, but turned away from Dean as she is, he can barely make out the dark circles under her eyes. That’s fine, though. It lets him feel less guilty.
“I’m so sorry, kiddo. I’m so sorry,” he breathes, and she shakes her head where it rests against him. He knows how much this must be hurting her, and he can’t even consider how much he must be disappointing her, how it feels like he’s letting down another sibling all over again–so he just lets his mind wander elsewhere. He thinks of anything else as he kisses the top of her head and holds her there for as much time as they can spare. At least he gets a goodbye this time. He didn’t get one with Sam. Finally, aware of the ticking clock, Dean pulls away. “Take care of yourself, Charlie,” he says sincerely. “I love you.”
The corners of Castiel’s lips upturn into a smile so tender and heartbreaking Dean feels like he could weep. He won’t though. Not yet. He knows he needs to be strong now, because Cas shouldn’t have to watch him fall apart.
Cas has been slipping in and out of clarity, and now, as Dean watches him, his gaze becomes focused once more, and just the feeling of Castiel’s unwavering attention on him is breathtaking.
CAUGHT LEE BY THE LAKE EARLY THIS MORNING. HE HAD THE COLT, HE STARTED FIRING. I SHOT HIM, BUT HE DROPPED THE COLT INTO THE LAKE. I HAVE SOME PEOPLE ON IT, BUT WE DONT HAVE THE RESOURCES TO DRAG A FUCKING LAKE. EVEN DIVING FOR IT… I’M NOT HOLDING OUT MUCH HOPE. IT’S FREEZING COLD AND THE WATER’S DEEP. BEST CASE IT’LL WASH UP SOMEDAY SOON, BUT EVEN THEN IT’LL BE WATERLOGGED. I DON’T KNOW WHAT OTHER OPTIONS WE HAVE, THOUGH. FUCKING HELL. YEARS OF WORK DOWN THE DRAIN. PEOPLE LOST THEIR LIVES FOR THIS. GOOD PEOPLE.
find him, leaving him out here, a victim to the elements, his body nothing but a meal for the hungry wild things in the wood.
WE’RE MOVING OUT AT 06:00. BOBBY’S CLOSEST SAFEHOUSE HAS A FORTIFIED PANIC ROOM. WE’VE USED IT A FEW TIMES BEFORE. IT’S MADE TO KEEP THINGS OUT, BUT IT’S GOOD ENOUGH AT KEEPING THINGS IN, TOO.
Dean. He was last seen an hour back by the trucks. Tire tracks show him heading west, and in the snow he should be easy enough to–
Dean lets the door slam shut behind him. He feels the chafing of the icy breeze against his skin, and turns his face upwards to stare at the sky as it purples with early morning light. It looks vacant, the stars already fading until they’re reduced to mere pinpricks of barely-there light. Dean takes a long breath, deep and shuddering and lets his eyes flutter closed. He doesn’t know quite how long he stands like that before the footsteps approach him, but the crunching of old snow and forest floor debris underfoot is deafening after the hush.
“No, Lee,” he replies unfalteringly. “No. You threw that away. You threw it away when you decided to take that deal. When you decided that working with demons–with
was your best option. You threw it away when you left Cas alone to rot. So no, you don’t get to look back fondly on the past. You don’t get anything. Not anymore.“ Dean shuts his eyes. He steadies his breathing.
“It’s okay, Cas. It is. The things you’ve done for me… I already know. You told me this before, Castiel, and it goes both ways. This isn't your fault, but even if it was, you’d already be forgiven. You saved me. You did. From hellfire, from death and danger over, and over, and over again. You saved me from being alone. So if I can return the favor, if I can stay with you now, then I'm glad to do it. I owe you that much and more.”
Dean stopped him there.  “Sam I just know.  I saw it happen right in front of me.  The Empty it just...it came for him and it just...took him.  It was waiting to take him, this whole time.” His voice caught in his throat and he stifled a sob.  “Sam Cas is gone.  He’s really gone.”
Dean sniffled, put his hand up to his eyes and wiped his face.  He took a deep breath.  Shakily, he got himself up off the floor, wiping his hands on his jeans as he stood.  To the empty room he shook his head and said, “Stupid son of a bitch.”  His lip quivered and he looked down at the floor.  He bent down to grab the cell phone, glanced at the screen: 6 missed calls from Sam.
He didn’t know how long he sat there, taking deep, shaky breaths, trying to sort through what just happened.  At some point the buzzing stopped.
Dean put his fingers to his forehead, closed his eyes and shook his head lightly.  “I don’t know, Sam.”
Dean tried to speak, but just managed to shift his jaw before finding the words, “Sam, it’s - it’s Cas.”  There was silence on the other end.  His voice finally betrayed the emotions searing through him, breaking, shaky.  “Sam, Cas is gone.  And I mean Gone, gone.”
Cas was gone.  And this time, it felt so much worse than the other times he thought he’d lost him.  This felt like a deep pit in his stomach - this felt like forever.
He could hear Sam’s breath catch on the other end of the line.  A moment of just silence lingered between them.  Finally, Sam spoke.  “Dean, I…”  Dean signed.  Sam continued, “Dean, are you sure there isn’t -”
Dean put both hands to his head, felt himself crying, his eyes glanced once more around the room and then shut with a wince.  He pushed his hands through his hair and sobbed.
Sam coughed.  Then, “Well listen...me and Jack...we’ll come back to the bunker.  But Dean, there’s something going on.  There’s...there’s nobody out here.”
Grabbing the bottle with his other hand he walked towards his room, leaving the door open once inside and plopping down on the bed, finishing the whiskey and slamming the glass down onto the  nightstand.  He held the bottle between his legs, leaned over, looking down at his hands.
The Empty had come, dark and heavy, and so, so fast.  There wasn’t time for words, there wasn’t time -
He couldn’t wrap his head around what had happened.  Not just the loss but the words.  No, not just words - a confession.  He let out a deep shaky breath.
He found himself in the kitchen, pouring a familiar glass of whiskey.  The shaking in his hand was hardly noticeable as he put the glass to his lips and tipped his head back, drinking most of it in one swig.  He put the glass down, looked at it, then drank the rest.  He waited a moment and then poured another.  He drank that one too. “Okay.” he said aloud.  He poured another, held the glass and put his back against the countertop, looking at the kitchen table but not really seeing it.  He idly shook the glass so the whiskey swirled in a lazy circle.  He took a sip and  exhaled with a hiss.
Charlie appears, a heavily limping orc leaning against her. The orc’s found face is an unnatural pale, and Dean can see sharp teeth poking from her mouth, but Dean still thinks he recognizes her — he isn’t sure if he actually knows her, like he does with Eileen, or if
her judgement over the phone. He probably deserved that as well — he’s had a lifetime of improv with authority. His father was probably shaking his head in shame in heaven or whatever at Dean not only accidentally picking a queer cover story, but not even making it work in his favor.
— it was quiet, a soft sound that happened somewhere between inhaling and exhaling, and Dean absolutely did
His thoughts are cut off when his back collides with something hard, and suddenly he can’t breathe. He can’t breathe, he can’t move, and it hurts, it does, but it isn’t the worst pain he’s in, but he doesn’t want to die, not like this, not yet, not without saving-
“Meg and Benny know how to navigate this place. They can guide me, like you can guide Dean later,” Charlie continues. “It makes the most sense that you two act as backup.”
Dean waved her off, before freezing. Godzilla and Miracle, two beings he normally would never associate with each other, suddenly return to him as well. For some reason, these two things are infinitely easier for his mind to hold onto than his remembered guilt or the horror and sorrow that accompanied the memory of the trenchcoat washed up from a lake.
Dean considers changing the topic, maybe circling back to Cas’s wings, but he also wants to talk about Sam with someone like Cas -- someone who knew the same Sam Dean knew, not some past version or some version they watched on heavenly television. The Sam that was smitten with Eileen and helped raise Jack and have survived demon blood addiction and hell and grief time and time again -- the most updated model, basically. Though, Dean realized, the Sam he knew was getting farther and farther away everyday. Right now he and Eileen were rebuilding their lives, but soon enough they would be starting new lives, probably together, maybe having kids and going on new jobs and getting gray hairs.
“Turning face ain’t even western slang,” Dean mutters. Cas shoots him an exasperated look that tells him the angel’s patience was also thinning a bit.
“But one of us should investigate that fire, Dean! And I would really prefer it not be you, especially if you insist on taking the others on in a fight.”
Charlie throws him a sympathetic look and says, “This doesn’t bode well for the lake town.” Her gaze turns longing as she looks at the ruins of the trees. “We shouldn’t stay long….”
One good thing about heaven, Dean found, is that space and distance was basically meaningless. If he
-I know Sam isn't as overprotective as Dean, but hey, he's had a long several years here. And he's mainly put out that he isn't the one doing the stupid self-sacrifice. Stupid Self-Sacrifices are his thing, Eileen!
Sam just stared at the two of them, his mouth hanging open slightly. He was blinking rapidly, as if he had been suddenly jerked to consciousness while deeply asleep. After a moment, he shook his head and said, “Yeah. Yeah, it’s- god, it’s you guys- me. It’s me. Right. I…” his voice trailed off.
Dean wishes he had some kind of backup as he walks through the hallway. He’s surrounded on all sides by people completely frozen mid-step. Through the window, he can make out someone standing at the edge of the rooftop garden, a cigarette in hand, exhaling a puff of smoke that surrounds his face, immobile as well.
“If you do not wish to leave me behind, I suppose we could work out a plan to ambush them together, but I still believe if either of us were to get away, it should be-”
Dean almost snorted at that — he always thought Eileen was a good fit for his brother because of her compassion and her ability to take care of herself and him in fights, but he always forgets how damn funny she can be. She fits right in with their little clan and Dean really hopes Sammy’ll propose soon.
“Everything good in here?” A new voice comes from the door. A tired looking doctor peeks her head in, the nurses moving out of her way as she does so. “Mr. Bradbury, we’re all so glad you’re awake, as rough as the awakening was.”
“With Ellen already knowing my name and Jo knowing about the Scape-Grace gang without explanation, for a start.”
Okay, now that he’s blown off some steam, the words are a little easier to sort out. Even if he needed to borrow a few. “I know how you see yourself, Cas. You’re useless and you’re defective and you’re broken. You’re everyone’s little hammer. You think your mistakes make you unworthy, that you came off the chassis with a crack-”
“...She’s human, then?” Shame coils in his stomach, making him nauseous. His shameful display had been over nothing then.
Dean feels Charlie stiffen by him, and like earlier, he can’t look at her or Cas, so he focuses on the IV taped to the back of Cas’s hands (hands that had healed and hurt him many, many times, he realized. Hand that had touched him, raised him from literal Hell. He wondered if they were callused or not, or if they would learn to hold a gun as well as they could a celestial blade).
-Listen, I'm tired and nursing a migraine right now, so I'm not feeling up to breaking down every bit on how I took inspiration from WandaVision, the parts I took and translated to work here, etc. If anyone's interested, just hop into my tumblr askbox or something one of these days and I'll break it down for ya. That said...
“Well?” Dean’s tempted to shake Cas at this point, but restrains himself, not wanting to hurt the guy. Shoot, he isn’t even angry at Cas, just at this mind-screw in general.
“Meee,” Gabriel says with flourish. He’s dressed in obscenely pink scrubs, and on his chest Dean can see his badge has “NICU Nurse” written across it. “I ran into Samandriel just now, who was talking with Balthazar. Meg, darling, you would not
Dean watches Samandriel walk for a bit before heading back to the nearest stairway. His footsteps echo loudly as he walks up them, and he can’t shake this feeling of wrongness at the sound. It's as if he’s disturbing some sort of ancient silence as he walks, contaminating a previously sterile environment with his presence.
Cas is visibly gritting his teeth at this point. Retching his arm free, he hisses as he walks backwards, “I don’t know. Is that what you want me to say? That I am utterly lost? That I can’t tell if you’re mocking me? I am doing my best to
Doesn’t change the fact that he’s more than a little freaked out and nearing the end of his rope, and Cas is still one of the few constants here.
he wants to say, but the words won’t leave his ragged throat. He can’t tell if he’s being choked by the storm of emotions within him, or if his throat is closing again from a secondary, delayed reaction to the peanuts. He finds he doesn’t care.
). Cas passes her with a promise they'll reconvene at a later time, and takes a sharp turn around a corner after corner.
“The sunset. Typically…” He hesitated for a moment, a look of- not quite fear, but close enough to make something in Dean clench for a completely different reason. “Typically, in these types of stories, the… the hero doesn’t ‘ride off into the sunset’ until the day is saved.”
Cas buries his head deeper into Dean’s neck. Against the damp skin, he whispers so quietly that Dean almost misses it,
Dean almost asked back. He blinked away a vision of the man with tears streaming down his face, unsure where the mental image even came from. The man now looked a little harried, but his eyes were completely dry, not even red rimmed. They were clear, bright, and something about them made something in Dean’s chest both ache and ease.
“I…,” Dean watches Cas’s retreating back, “You know what, he seems like he needs a minute. You and Eileen can explore for a bit. I’ll-I’ll talk with him.”
!” Dean is jerked back by his collar and is now staring down the barrel of a gun in the hands of a very pissed off looking Metatron, bleeding heavily from his leg.
“There’re only four, right? And Gabe’s been the special guest of the day like four separate times at this point. Who the hell else-?”
— a trenchcoat washed up on the edge of a lake, a trenchcoat covered in dirt and blood, a trenchcoat contrasting with hospital pajamas, a trenchcoat eternally worn by one of the most important beings in Dean Winchester’s life, with blue eyes that could pin you down and hands that could kill and heal in an instant and lips he hand only just learned the taste and texture of.
Then Cas’s eyes shift to their joined hands and his face softens. Hesitantly, he raises his other hand, hovering it over Dean’s. His eyes flint up again, and Dean can see the question in them —
“Oh come on-” Dean knows he’s probably not actually a doctor (he isn’t 100% certain though, and that’s another thing to mess with his already chaotic head), like he wasn’t actually a knight or deputy, but
Dean’s sitting up with a gasp before his eyes are even open. He bangs his elbow on something metallic, causing a loud clang, and when he tries to brace his other hand against whatever surface he’s laying on, it catches on the tail end of the coat he’s wearing, causing him to fall again. Cursing loudly, he nearly falls, barely catching himself in time.
Or at least Dean hoped it was Cas. There had been an awkward moment about a month earlier were Jimmy Novak waltzed into the Roadhouse with his wife, launching into this speech about how Castiel Deserved To Be Treated Right and If Dean Fucked Up, He Would Have Them To Answer To before Dean could finish processing what he was seeing (apparently, Cas managed to win the Novaks back over since he had stepped up to be Claire’s parental figure, and now Jimmy was fully embracing an Overprotective Brother/Father role for Cas. Jimmy, unlike Cas, wasn’t intimidating in the slightest, or so Dean thought.The fact that
if father would give him when he had done some that wasn’t what John Winchester thought of normal, like he wasn’t quite human) made him nauseous — shit, they were basically holding Cas’s life in their hands. What if they-
“That’d explain a few things,” another familiar voice says from behind them. “You two should take better care of yourselves. All this pent up stress will do serious damage to your mental and physical health, and if you aren’t in top shape, neither will your patients.
Dean cuts the rope between them, and they both clamor to their feet. They both still have belts of rope around their waists, Dean notes with a disgruntled embarrassment, but at least they’re standing. “No thanks to the once and future queen,” he mutters.
Dean ran his hand over the blanket. He was still refusing to wear it, but he had to admit it was grounding to have something to touch. “Yep, pretty much.”
“If you get caught, you could end up hurt or worse by them. If either of us stays to keep an eye on them, it should be me.”
be surprising — memories return to him, memories of meeting Cas early on their quest on the outskirts of elven territory, of Cas arguing in their favor for sanctuary for a few days, of Cas sneaking them past angry elven guards and pledging himself to their journey. Memories of fighting battles side by side with him, of tending to each other’s wounds, of sparing. Memories of conversations. Memories of trust. Memories of Dean just starting to realize what it might mean to love an immortal creature.
He barely has time to panic and start thrashing when his shoulders are being grabbed and his head breaks through the surface of the water again. Hacking out a couch, Dean finds himself sitting in water that brushes against his shoulders — just below waist deep if he were standing.
“Dean!” Sam calls from behind him. Dean focuses on Cas, the way his eyes widen as he realizes what Dean is doing.
fan and I, you know, can’t believe I’m finally meeting you. I won’t be weird- well, I will be, because normality is overrated- I know you’re just a guy, I just kinda imagined I’d meet you on a hunt or something. This is just unexpected, but super cool. Also I convinced the doctor to give me back your angel blade- I said it was an heirloom- and it’s literally the coolest real blade I’ve ever seen, so I’m also kinda geeking out about that. Also, not gonna lie, you’re taller than I expected, and- are you okay?”
When the doctor asks if he’s in pain or if he has any questions, he wants to ask about why his chest keeps going back and forth on feeling tight, why specific locations of his vessel seem to be suffering from temperature disparities, why his throat and lungs keep failing him. Instead, in hopes that she’ll leave them alone sooner, he croaks out, “I’m fine.”
He sees people — nurses pushing wheelchairs, doctors in mid-conversation with each other, even a patient leaning against someone in civilian attire as they walk towards the door that opens to a rooftop garden.
also rescued from the Empty, appeared out of nowhere and joined him in this role actually made Dean fear for his life momentarily, before he remembered, oh yeah, not a problem anymore).
“Don’t.” Dean says through his teeth. A wave of grief, both achingly fresh and strangely familiar, hits him. “Don’t you goddamn
The fact that his baby brother could still die if he pisses off the angel secretly possessing the kid? Totally fine.
“It doesn’t take much to spread words,” Dean mutters to Cas. Cas, for his part, accepts his stack silently. His only reaction thus far are his eyebrows, which are raised high enough that they disappear beneath his hat. Sheriff Singer only snorts at them and tells them to “‘Git.”
Gabriel was already gone. Even Eileen looks surprised by the suddenness of his absence. “He was my ride,” she says after a moment, looking almost apologetic. “So, I would appreciate it if I could come with you. I don’t really have anywhere else to go.”
Dean. Samandriel’s blinking in confusion, as if he can’t see Dean at all. After a moment, his eyes finally seem to focus on Dean, and he jumps, as if Dean had manifested out of thin air suddenly.
Thankfully, they’ve left the fighting behind at the moment, but the river seems to be picking up speed. Staying in the air is a lot more difficult than Dean anticipated, especially since they’re being weighed down by cloaks and armor.
After that, Dean felt almost calm. Almost — he wouldn’t feel better until he was moved from the uncomfortable ER waiting room chair to wherever the hell Cas was and saw him breathing with his own two eyes.
He was tempted to bury himself deeper in it, to go back to sleep, but there was light hitting his eyelids now, blinding him even with his eyes closed, and the surface he was laying on was, he was suddenly very aware of, hard and extremely uncomfortable. With a groan, Dean attempted to raise himself to his elbow, and suddenly he became aware of
scream when she suddenly moves. All at once, the hallway springs to life — Dean has to move out of the way to avoid being run over by the nurse with the wheelchair. The patient being led by the visitor huffs out a laugh at something. The smoke around the man outside is finally blown away in the wind as he takes another drag.
Cas hesitated, before saying, “I wanted to convince you to go back. That’s why I finally met with you- Dean, you deserve a good, long life. But you also deserve to choose what you want.”
Charlie shot him a bitchface so strong, Dean almost wondered if maybe the “unbiological sister” moniker he had awarded her (or some version of her, at least) might be inaccurate — it was identical to Sam’s. “I am the rightful queen of Moondoor. I am responsible for an entire people and shoulder that responsibility with pride and honor. I would not make judgements that would put them or my party at risk. Also you aren’t my mom, so suck it,
“-focus on my voice? Please tell me you’re focusing on my voice, I’m pretty sure the nurse is like two seconds from calling security and someone from the psych ward.”
“Seriously?” Dean mutters before he can stop himself. “Shouldn’t we at least be halfway to the fun part before we’re interrupted?”
The nurse explained on the way that Cas seemed to be doing fine — he was stirring, even if he still out, more from exhaustion than anything else they were guessing (Charlie muttered under her breath that the nurses were probably gossiping over how dramatic the Bradbury life story was shaping up to be — “For the record, I was planning on telling them we were raised by our aunt and sent to this boarding school in the middle of nowhere at eleven, if they ask.” “Yeah, and they would ask that because…?” “Because somebody has to explain why a man his age has never taken an allergy test despite having such an uncommon allergy somehow!”). They wanted to keep him until evening or overnight, to make sure he didn’t have something called a “biphasic reaction,” the sound of which made Dean cringe, but that he should be completely fine in a few hours (yeah, sure, not like the guy was
“Well, well, well,” a familiar raspy, accented voice says from the middle. “Isn’t this a delightful reunion?”
Dean grabs Cas’s arm, stopping them both. “Damnit, what the hell is going on here, you son of a bitch?! Seriously — the cowboys, the back and forth attitude, my freaking
And there he was, laying in a bed with a saline drip in one arm, a single bandaid on his throat where he must have cut himself earlier,
Instead of answering, Cas reaches to his throat again, grabbing something there and pulling it over his head. His face is full of determination again, and he holds it out.
Charlie is quiet for a painful moment and Dean focuses harder on the IV. Finally, she laughs quietly. “All those years asking for a sibling for Christmas are paying off in the weirdest way. Guess we’ll stick with my crappy apartment a little longer.”
“Tired of the plot already?” Cas asks. They both ignore the outlaws, who are now muttering among themselves about “disrespecting their criminal presence” or something.
he hasn’t made Cas feel like his word has the weight it should. The guilt, which he would normally try to push away, feels almost like it's being
again, that he’ll lose himself or his memory of his brother or something else important if he doesn't keep a tight grasp on it.
Dean doesn’t know why, but the thought of it leaving a mark both overjoys and devastates him, and he nearly tosses the water he might’ve accidentally ingested at the confusing sensation.
They crawl back onto land, and before Dean even has a chance to rise to his knees, Cas is crashing into him again, pulling him down and hiding his face in his neck again. Dean can feel Cas’s breath hitching in his chest, and he lets out a single, awful broken sound before snapping his teeth shut.
attack? Simply because he couldn’t tell his allies from his enemies — as an angel, he would calculate the risks of trusting an unknown and would have been prepared to react quickly in the face of betrayal. Now he’s just falling apart.
Cas looks ready to duck back down behind the desk, curl up, and wish for death. Honestly, Dean’s not too far behind him in that. “Don’t you people have jobs or something?”
Okay, Cas’s gravely voice had been a major feature in many a guilty fantasy Dean’s had over the years, but he didn’t think he had ever been happier to hear it than he was now.
Cas’s eyes don’t move from Dean’s. Finally, he says, “I believe I have something more pressing to discuss with Dr. Winchester.”
Cas, entirely too casually, slides off the back of the white wolf. “I found these two following us. Once they saw I wasn’t a threat, they became very friendly.”
Castiel scrambles away from her, panic rising in his chest. While he knows that he deserves whatever she might do to him — to be taken as a vessel, to be held down and carved into for information he doesn’t have, to be killed — he can’t fight the urge to run. Not after April.
Still, sleep meant a reprieve from pain and discomfort, and right now, he would welcome all he could get. It felt like there was a vice-like band around his head, squeezing it tighter and tighter at random intervals, and his throat felt completely torn.
Charlie and Eileen are already untied and on the ground as well, standing before them. Sure enough, Charlie looked openly amused and Eileen is clearly hiding another amused smile behind a sympathetic one.
Suddenly, Cas broke off, his eyes going wide as he looked behind Dean. A very familiar voice cleared his throat and said, “uh, excuse me?”
Listening to her read, Castiel turns his head back to the ceiling, and finds that, the deeper she gets into the story, the clearer his head feels. For a moment, he forgets the hollowness and the aches.
that he can use for protection. His hand closes around something, but once he sees what Cas is staring aghast at, he drops it.
Right. God, he can’t believe he forgot this — standing on either side of the demon, Dean recognizes Metatron and Lucifer, the heavenly scribe and the fallen archangel.
“And keep all the fun to ourselves? Jo’d be heartbroken if she didn’t get the chance to play Sheriff herself.”
She gives it a long, soft look, before saying, “This story… Look, it means a lot to me. It’s… it’s brought me a lot of comfort over the years. I could….” Her voice trails off.
“Shit- Cas, the fire-” He’s cut off by a bullet piercing through the pillar at about eye level, thankfully missing them both. Dean only half registers the fact that the bullet went through one of the wanted posters from earlier, taking out the face of the tallest of the four — Cas, Dean now realizes. “C’mon, wasn’t Crowley on our side?!”
Dean backs away from the window and actually accidentally bumps into someone. It's Hannah again. She doesn’t react at all, still set on pause as she flips through papers on a clipboard.
Dean wasn’t even watching the road at this point, but whatever. It's not like he can die in a crash or anything. Cas stares back, jaw set.
“Cas clearly understands Eileen’s signing, so I want her with me. If we need to communicate while we ride, they’ll be able to sign to each other. This way, we won’t have to
Cas walks past him, following the horse to where the mule has apparently also been waiting impatiently. Reluctantly, Dean follows, though he feels a headache forming.
Lucifer has, apparently, wandered off while Dean and Cas were talking. Dean doesn’t need his memories intact to get the feeling this was a very
“So…,” she said after a moment. “Dean, uh. He said he’d be in touch but that Sam needed him, and um. The doctor said it's cool if I, you know, hang out for a couple more hours before leaving for the night. I’ll be back first thing in the morning to pick you up?” There’s another moment of silence, before she says in a rush, “Sorry, look, it's just- I’m a
Sam crashes ungracefully onto the floor of the Bunker. An instant later, Eileen is by his side, helping him up.
Castiel turns his eyes to the ceiling. Pain builds in his chest, higher and higher, burning until- it's gone.
A conflicted look briefly crosses Cas’s face — somewhere between offended, hurt, and even slightly afraid. Then it just settles on offended. “Obviously not, but I, oh,
Dean decided to ignore his messages after that, settling into his chair after handing the filled out form to a nurse, and waited.
A second later, she says, “So… I’ve been meaning to ask — the Bunker has a few rooms to spare, right?”
So with a hammer and a pocket full of nails each, they set out, starting at Harvelle’s Roadhouse, the epicentre of gossip in town if there ever was one. Pushing open the doors, Dean automatically made sure to step over the creaky floorboard Ellen used to single out unfamiliar strangers, so she’d have an easy time knowing who to keep an eye on. Honestly, it was more of a formality than anything else — Ellen knew just about everyone in town on sight and always kept one eye on anyone entering and exiting her saloon.
Dean and Charlie settled in the uncomfortable plastic chairs by his bed. Dean watched Cas sleep, listening for the soft noises that signaled the transition between breaths, and pointedly ignored the look Charlie was giving him (quietly, he was thankful it was her and not Sam — his moose of a brother would probably try to get him to talk about how he was feeling and all that crap).
Cas ignores him. Charlie and Eileen, noticing their sudden stop, halt as well. Dean sees Eileen sign something — presumably asking the same question as him — and Cas signs something back. After a moment, where Eileen relays the information to Charlie, they start moving again, though in a different direction.
Cas, instead of looking uncomfortable again, just looks annoyed. He throws Dean a scathing bitchface that has Dean feeling guilty before realizing he has no idea what he should be feeling guilty over. “Well, considering I was waiting on your ‘interrupt’ for nearly
The kid startles, crashing into the car of food he was pushing (Dean hadn’t noticed the cart at first and has enough decency to feel slightly bad about this).
Then, suddenly, the tension was gone, Cas’s shoulders lowering, and he met Dean’s waning grin with a small one of his own. “Of course, Dean. As long as you’ll have me, I will call this town home.”
Dean goes to retrace the path his hand took when, once most, hundreds of screams explode from the distance. He barely registers them before Cas is pushing him away with a sudden jerk, a hand gripping his shoulder and keeping him an arm’s length away.
Cas’s eyes instantly soften at that, and he takes a step towards Dean. With a surprising amount of determination, Cas says, “You didn’t ‘drag me down,’ Dean Winchester. You caught me when I fell.”
Reluctantly, Dean hands his blade over. Charlie gives them a quick salute before dragging Meg towards the branges, climbing them and disappearing from sight. Benny goes to follow before stopping to look over his shoulder. “Can’t say this is the greatest reunion, but I’m glad you two’re alright. Don’t get yourself killed on me, brother,” and he disappears as well.
“I don’t know.” Cas’s voice is hard. He’s staring straight ahead as they walk. “I don’t- I don’t understand any of this.”
Dean’s second to last thought, as he crashes into Cas’s arms, is to get him the hell away from the doorway.
“It's probably just Hannah,” Dean says. There’s a sense of claustrophobia to the closet now, and Dean finds he very much does not want to have whatever conversion they need to have (or whatever conversation they’re
On one side of the hall, past scattered nurses and patients dusting themselves off, is a giant hole in the wall, revealing the now decimated rooftop garden. Picking himself out of the dirt and plants, Gabriel rises to his elbows, staring back through the hole.
They were both being mourned by their family on earth, Dean knew. While the versions of their loved one they knew were being left behind, they, the dead, were the ones who were actually rendered in the past tense for the living.
“Dean-o, buddy, good to see ya,” he says. “Uh, quick question — you wouldn’t happen to know what the
To make up for the missed update (and all the angst in this chapter), I also posted another destiel fic today - "Let Me Drive My Car Into Your Heart." Its super fluffy and silly.
Charlie leaned back against the chair and said, “Alright, Winchester, backstory time. How exactly did the angel become human and why did the nurse tell me he was showing signs of dehydration with bruises on his ankles and a couple weird cuts on his chest before asking if anyone in our family had a history of addition.”
He feels bravado for all of five seconds before the elves turn their arrows to them and he remembers that they’re woefully unarmed. The hill behind them isn’t steep, but the gravel and loose rocks would make it difficult enough to climb when they aren’t being shot at. As is, trying to climb it would only leave their backs open as pitiful target practice. Trying to run is also out — the river is slowing their movements down, and it's sheer luck alone that they’re only being grazed by the arrows.
Dean has no idea if it lands, because suddenly there’s a hand on his shoulder, pulling him into a bush. He yanks away, cursing himself for dropping the rock, when he finds himself face to face with a very alarmed looking Eileen.
Eileen leans down and picks up a weapon, old and jagged and definitely not of the same kind as their “elf” blades. “What happened?”
“Hardy-har, ma’am.” Dean rolled his eyes, mainly for show, before elbowing Cas, who had been looking around the saloon with a wide eyed look. It brought to mind a hazy-half memory of a younger Dean dragging Cas to a saloon with
Reaching into her pack, Charlie pulls out two short ropes and throws one at Dean’s feet. “Tie yourselves together while you're at it, so if one of you has to let go, you won’t summersault into the unknown here.”
Once this all registered to Dean, he raises a fist to back on the door shouting after them, “Wait a minute- what do you think you’re-“
Charlie walked close to her and clapped a hand on her shoulder. “Don’t worry, you’re with us. I gotta ask though, Cas, Eileen — was he a wizard?”
Dean declined as well, but stuck around for a few more minutes to chat with Ellen. He honestly felt no rush at the moment.
what these two got up to in the ambulance of all places.” Gabriel mimed wiping away a tear. “I’m so proud. I knew you had an exhibitionist in you, Cas.”
It wasn’t that hard to find Jo. They just had to follow the sound of gunshots followed either by a bluestreak of curses or a cry of triumph. They found her not far from Sheriff Singer’s farm, near the edge of town, shooting at old bottles and cans, hitting them two-thirds of the time.
“Dude, seriously,” he hears someone complain. Looking up, he sees Chuck standing over him as well. “Can you at least
He sees he’s laying on a cot in what appears to be an unused ambulance — there are medical tools and trays all around him, but they look like someone made a token attempt to organize them earlier, and none of them are in use.
Jimmy Novak chuckles lightly at his own joke. He leans into his wife, wrapping an arm around her, and for a moment Dean considers calling bullshit on him as well, but then he sees Jimmy take her hand and realizes he’s trying to reassure and comfort her. His eyes soften when he looks at her and Dean feels a pang go through him because it's the first Cas look he recognizes on Jimmy’s face.
Blinking, Dean turns to Cas and Charlie, and curses when he sees that the elves — angels, whatever — that they left behind have caught up with them. The one with the short blonde hair that had been eyeing Cas — Naomi, his mind supplies — leads the group, followed by another elf/angel/
Shit. The fact that Cas actually sounded happy, like that was a good thing, stung. It always stung when Cas acted like the only reason anyone would want him around was if he could be a tool, but Dean never knew how to get it through his thick skull that people loved Cas for
“I’m-” alive, wait, no- “good. It’s nice, y’know? Seeing everyone, being around so much of my family. I… I miss Sammy.”
.” Dean’s voice cracks and something in his chest cracks as well at memories that were just out of reach. For a moment, Dean felt a phantom pain in his lower back, but it was gone before he knew it. He pushed Sam back and said, “Seriously Sammy, what the hell is going on here?”
They tumble down a short hill, small rocks digging into their sides, and then suddenly Dean’s head is underwater.
dictates he should know her. On their otherside is an equally familiar man with a beard who nods at them. In his hand is a sword, though Dean can’t tell if it's elven or orc.
Dean wanted to stay there for eternity (and, theoretically, he could), but he had to make sure -- this wasn’t Jimmy or some evil doppelganger that made its way past the pearly gates or a trick or anything like that. That this was his angel. He pulled back just enough to stare the other in the eye.
Sam ushered a sputtering Dean into a nearby cluttered office. After shutting the door, Dean began, “What the hell, Sam-“
Dean, with his arms fitting around Cas’s body like they were meant to be there and his mixed up memories, is starting to feel like he went mad a while ago.
“Dr. er- Winchester?” Sam's hand landed on Dean’s shoulder. “I’d like to discuss the case with you as well real quick- no details right now, just court dates and interview times, since you’ll probably be, you know, called to the stand to give your perspective at some point.”
“-Oh SHIT!” Dean watched Cas roll a few times before slamming on the breaks and jumping out the Impala.
faintly. Cas’s usual baggy trench coat and ill fitting suit combo, combined with the tie he never bothered to tie right and hair he never combed made him look smaller than he actually was, but Dean rarely forgot how powerful he was — even when he was weakened by something, he could still fly in and out of places suddenly, summon blades with a thought, take and dish out beatings that would kill a human like nothing.
At one point, he passes a couple nurses talking about how “Zachariah and Raphael from the board” would be doing quarterly reviews on the staff, and promptly turned on his heel and began walking in the other direction. He didn’t need a single memory to know he wanted jack-diddly to do with any plotline that involved those names.
“Taako here has got a point,” Meg agrees. “I'm not exactly feeling top notch, and between the five of us I’m only seeing three weapons.”
“Crap, please tell me it’s actually you, Dean, and that’s actually Cas. I- I can’t keep doing this, I can’t keep burying you guys and trying to move on only for you to come back to make me go through it all again. Please, I-“
Looking down, Dean saw Cas’s hand, hanging limply by his side, was bleeding. Grabbing it, he saw it was a straight cut across the palm of his hand, fresh looking. More blood welled in Cas’s palm, painting the entire hand red.
But then, the names Lucifer, Michael, and Raphael flash to mind. The first two popped up as well, and Dean’s pretty sure Raphael is set to make a guest appearance at some point in the foreseeable future.
Dean runs a hand through his hair as he stands. Looking down, he sees he’s wearing a long, white lab coat over a set of plain green scrubs (distantly, he thinks these pants are almost unfairly comfortable). Attached to the coat is a clip on badge, with the words “DEAN WINCHESTER, M.D.” written across it. Above his name is the logo of the hospital — the silhouette of a single feather.
He held it out and Cas stared down at it, completely dumbfounded. After a moment, he raised his hand to take it, only for Gabriel to snatch it from between them. “And
The trouble is that these memories sit side by side with memories of waking in a jailhouse, riding under the blazing sun, and the realization that they’re surrounded by demons, angels, and people that were essentially ghosts. Dean is more than a little disoriented by it all and he didn’t like it one bit.
, Doc Sexy. Don’t worry, I’m sure we’ll get her to settle. You have a moment to discuss?” He threw his arm over Cas’s shoulder without waiting for an answer and shoves him back in the supply closet, following after him.
Gabriel has a hand around Sam’s arm and is reaching out to him. Dean looks at Cas, sees the horror in his eyes, and makes a split second decision.
Chuckling, Dean takes a step closer to Cas, resting his forehead against Cas’s shoulder. “Yeah, it probably is, but they didn’t exactly B and E right away.”
?!” Cas cuts himself off, and Dean can see he’s biting the inside of his cheek. The sight of it is enough to bring his concerns back to the forefront again — since when has Cas been known to bite his own tongue? Especially when it comes to questioning and making sarcastic, sass-filled remarks. Taking a deep breath, Cas says, “I can’t let that fire burn this time.” And with that, he’s sprinting away, running towards where the growing smoke is coming from.
Dean finds Cas standing on a bridge made of low hanging branches and twisted vines. He looked lost in thought, his eyes slightly glazed over as he stares into the distance. Still, without moving or physically acknowledging Dean at all, Cas said, “Hello, Dean.”
-The furby thing? That's based off something I say IRL about my family. My niece looks like my sister, but if you look at baby pictures, you'll see the faces the kid makes and the way she overall moves takes after my brother-in-law. So I say it's like you skinned a furby and put the furby skin on a toaster of something. My sister doesn't quite appreciate the genius of the metaphor as much as she should
The fight and mock-anger in him drains away and he’s suddenly tired. Just so damn tired. “...Damnit, Cas.” He’s not even sure what the damnation is for, just that he’s heartsick and afraid for Cas and just wants his friend to be okay.
-I initially wanted Dean and Cas to have their conversation in the "kitchen" instead of the "library" as a call back to the Casifer thing. I changed it to them being in the "library" since that location was used more often than the kitchen in this fic
One of the elves, a middle aged looking woman with short, blonde hair, makes eye contact with them. Her eyes zero in on Cas and she drops the half-dead orc — Crowley, Dean recognizes again, and only manages to feel a little sorry for — in her hands. She pulls out her arrow and notches it in the string of the bow, pulling it back.
He just opened his mouth and hoped whatever words came out of it didn’t land him with a foot in his mouth. “The angels fell and they… really ain’t big fans of Cas right now. Listen, they… they know he’s part of the Winchesters clan, so they’ll probably check with us first. You can’t just solo hunt — you’ll get yourself killed — and Cas can’t hang around anyone who’s last name is Winchester for too long. Charlie, listen, I- we really need you to-”
Now Dean’s definitely blushing at that — yes, he is a little happy he’s riding with Cas, even if it's not on the epic black wolf, but being tied to the guy?
Dean startles, and his eyes widen when he sees the sky is being overtaken with black smoke. The sight of it, warping and growing in the air, is enough to make him feel suffocated.
“I sure am, though I can’t stick around — I’m simply escorting Ms. Leahy to your party,” Gabriel answers. “You’ll find that she’s a brave, valiant, intimidating, courageous-”
The rope between them goes taunt and Dean, caught off guard, flails to try and regain his balance. Instead, he overbalances more, and Cas scrambles to try and grab onto the wolf to avoid falling. The wolf, not on board with this, shakes its head, its fur and ears getting in Cas’s face, causing Cas to jerk back. Dean takes an elbow to the sternum, Cas ends up with a solid kick to the side, and then with a thud and many groans, they land on the ground in an ungraceful heap.
“I have rounds to do, you have a surgery to perform,” Cas says without looking over his shoulder. He rounds a corner, and as much as everything in Dean is screaming to follow the guy, that clearly hasn’t worked so far.
Jo seemed almost surprised by his clipped tone, but quickly nodded. Holstering the pistol, she took off.
this horse, practically raised her while still living on Sheriff Singer’s ranch, back when he was just Uncle Bobby and before Dean became his Deputy.
“Actually, on the topic, I didn’t ask you to sacrifice yourself at all!” Okay, shelved anger was tipping over a bit, but hey, anger was a part of this. They can’t just act like it isn’t.
Dropping one of his hands from their hold, Dean runs his now freed hand down Cas’s back, starting at the midpoint between his shoulder blades — this earns Dean a slight shiver, which is information he files away into the Don’t Forget This section of his brain — down to his waist where, Dean realizes, the rope is still tied.
Cas ignores him. Dean grits his teeth, patience at this mind-screw of a day wearing thinner and thinner by the minute.
As they walk, they head towards the sound of water. The general plan is to follow the stream they had heard about towards a laketown, about a three day’s walk away. There, they would replenish their supplies and try to either rally the town into being potential allies they could call upon in either war or against the dragon, or warn them into preparing to evacuate in a dragon attack.
“No. No, listen to me,” Dean hushes him, “You were right. You were. With our luck we were never gonna get a happy ending anyway, were we? But at least, this way… Cas, you’ve given more to me than you can ever know. Even now.”
It’s still dark out, but the camp is bustling. Through the open windows, Dean can hear the casual chatter, the incessant banging and thumping of munitions being loaded into the back of the truck, Chuck calling out the names and quantities of different items to keep track of stock. He tunes it all out. “Any questions?” He looks up from the map on the large table in the center of the room and glances at the people that surround it. Benny lifts an eyebrow.
FATALITIES: ED ZEDDMORE, MILITARY FIRE. MANDY DUREN, CROAT ATTACK. COLE TRENTON, INFECTED, EXECUTED.
“Why don’t you ask Belphegor? He’s the one who screwed everything up. And he’s the one who ratted me out too, didn’t he?“ Blood drips from Lee’s forehead where he has a fresh wound, courtesy of the blade in Dean’s hand. It’s accompanied by a black eye, a broken nose, and a busted lip, and the bullet wound on his shoulder, though still partially covered by gauze, is looking far worse than it did an hour ago. Still, Lee doesn’t say what Dean wants to hear. Underneath the mask of arrogance he’s touting, he looks scared. Terrified of what Dean will do to him when he knows the truth. Dean thinks coldly that he’s right to be scared.
“Hey chief, you know I didn’t mean anything by it. It just feels like we’re chasing our tails, sometimes, ya know?”
“Sounds like a plan, chief,” Benny replies good-naturedly, and he offers Dean a small reassuring smile before jogging off to ensure everything is prepared. Dean sighs and hesitates, standing still for just a moment. He inhales deeply and tries to clear his mind, to steady himself, and to prepare for whatever he might find once they leave.
“And I’ve fallen already Cas, full tilt, head over heels, heart on my sleeve in love with you. I have been for longer than I care to admit, but the only reason I can say it out loud now is because you weren’t afraid.”
And then there was Man, and though they dare not say it aloud even now, Castiel felt it then for the very first time. It’s still there now, somewhere inside the hollow cage of their ribs, burrowed deep into the substance of their very being—a crack, or perhaps a chasm. A gnawing, screaming, aching thing made of isolation and heartache and wonder and love, and it threatened to consume everything in its path–
They all turn at once, and the liminal time in which they wait feels like a decade, but it’s only moments before they hear it again. The sound of branches and frozen soil underfoot, this time clearly accompanied by unfamiliar movement in the trees. Dean turns on his heel, rifle in hand, finger on the trigger. He holds his breath, and for a moment it seems like it was just his imagination, but the branches move again and his breath lapses almost entirely. He lowers his gun and then he forgets how to move because there is Castiel, in all his grimy, unshaven, blue-eyed glory, standing a mere few feet in front of him like he hadn’t been gone a second.
“Anyone else have anything to say?” Dean’s eyes dart to the other end of the table where his best friend sits wordlessly, reclined in his chair as if he has somewhere better to be. He’s the only one who hasn’t yet spoken. “Cas?”
“Dean,” pleads Castiel, his voice coming out hopelessly shattered, “whatever you’re thinking, just stop. Let me do this one last thing for you. Please.”
And just like that, it’s over. As if nothing had happened at all, Dean parts with a pat on Cas’s shoulder and hurries, as cooly as he can out of sight. Castiel sighs and is left with their thoughts, thoughts that took years to reconcile even alone.
Dean laughs at that, and he knows it’s a bald-faced lie, but, for the first time, his smile turns genuine. “I’m sure you were,” he grins, and he pulls Benny into a hug. His face only falls after they pull away, and after Benny’s back is turned as he moves to unlock the driver’s door of the truck.
With a put-upon sigh, Dean scrubs his hands together. It’s more for something to do to ease his restlessness than it is for warmth, although the chill in the air has the cheeks and noses rosy on the both of them. He glances quickly over at Castiel before he can stop himself, taking in the profile he knows so well–the slope of his forehead, the angle of his jaw, the sharp point of his nose, the sliver of blue beneath his lashes. Even the dark shadow of his stubble and his tousled hair have become fundamental aspects of Dean’s image of Cas after having grown accustomed to them in the last few years.
“Dean,” she says so sincerely that his heart breaks all over again, “I don’t blame you. And you shouldn’t blame yourself. And when we find Cas–and we
Dean leans against the wall heavily. He glances at the bag beside him, full to the brim with water and provisions in case they need to wait this out, but from the looks of Castiel, there won’t be much longer to wait. Reclined against the wall beside Dean, he trembles even more furiously than before. His face is nearly colorless, his eyes and cheeks sunken deep, and Dean swears he’d look long dead already if not for the constant tremors, or for his wide-open eyes. God, his eyes. Dean looks intently into them for what must be the billionth time in these few short years, and he thinks that they’ll be the last part of Castiel to remain, blue as the day he blustered into that barn. It hurts something awful that his ending is like this instead, languishing in agony with a creeping evil inside of him instead of going out in a blaze of ground-shaking, lightning-strike glory like the way he began.
The bullet hits Lee in his right shoulder because, even strung tight and panicky, Dean is a damn good shot–but none of that matters.
WE HAD TO LEAVE WITHOUT HIM, THERE WERE CROATS ON OUR TAIL, WAY TOO MANY, AND WE HAD INJURED PPL THAT NEEDED MEDICAL ATTENTION ASAP BUT... GOD, I DON'T GET IT. HE WAS RIGHT BEHIND ME WHEN SOMEONE CALLED IN A SIGHTING AND THEN HE WAS JUST GONE. HE WOULDN'T ANSWER HIS RADIO,
Dean feels bile rise in his throat and he knows that nothing good can come of this but Lee is suddenly looking straight at him, frantic like a cornered animal and his finger’s on the trigger, and he’s firing, so Dean does the only thing he can think to do.
Cas’s expression softens. He brings his hand to Dean’s face, pulling him closer until their foreheads rest together. Dean aches to close his eyes to all this. To let it all disappear, but he can’t bring himself to. He forces his eyes open, holds Castiel’s gaze, and he tries to blink as sparingly as he can, because he doesn’t know how much longer he’ll be able to look into those eyes. How long it’ll be before they turn into something he can no longer recognize.
being created, but you seem. Almost detached from it? And I don’t get that. There has to be more to it all, right?”
Castiel does look Dean in the eyes now, and he knows what he sees. He understands, but still, he has to fight it. To resist Dean’s recklessness tooth and nail, even though he has no illusions about where this situation is headed.
The sky is a bruising purple as he helps Benny haul the last of the artillery out of the back of the truck. They won’t need it where they’re going. The few others who had stuck around to help unload now begin to take the remaining ammunition away to be stored in the supply cabin, bidding Dean dutiful but rather impersonal goodbyes. Dean detects more than a hint of resentment in their tones, and he’d be lying if he said he was unshaken by it, but he shoves his guilt aside for now. It’s still not enough to convince him to stay. So, instead of dwelling, he turns his attention to Castiel. He’s sitting alone on the gravel on the opposite side of the lot, eyes skyward and knees pulled in tightly to his chest. He had insisted on keeping his distance while everything was prepared, wary–and rightfully so–that the next moment may well be the moment he snaps and all hell breaks loose. Still, it sets a permanent crease in Dean’s brow that Cas is unable to even say proper goodbyes to the people he’s close to. Dean is startled from his contemplation by a hand on his shoulder. He turns to face Benny.
CASUALTIES: GARTH FITZGERALD, BROKEN LEG. LAYLA ROURKE, DISLOCATED SHOULDER. ALICIA BANES, CONCUSSION.
Dean swallows, and he stares at his hands, his knees, at anything else but Cas. “No, don't do this again.”
I CAN’T THINK ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW. WE’LL DRIVE OUT MOST OF THE WAY, BUT ONCE WE’RE A FEW HOURS OUT WE’LL MAKE STOPS TO SEARCH MANUALLY, AND WE’LL TRY TO ESTABLISH RADIO COMMUNICATION IF WE CAN.
Charlie doesn’t ask where Cas is, not yet, and for that Dean is grateful. She pulls him into a hug and neither of them say anything for a long while. Dean shuts his eyes tight, because, right now, he couldn’t look anybody in the eyes if he tried.
“Look” Dean starts carefully, “thank you for trying with me. God knows I don’t deserve your patience, your loyalty, that, despite everything, I know I can still count on you. And yeah, Cas, of course, I’m not fine. I’m not fine and I haven’t been for years–if ever–but so fucking what? I’m not gonna sit here and cry about it, because you know what that gets us? That gets us jack. It’s absolutely pointless, so we’re right back where we started.”
“I’m coming.” Cas stands and brushes past Dean, but before he reaches the door Dean stops him with a hand on his forearm. He doesn’t hold on tightly, not using nearly enough force to keep Cas from leaving, but Cas stills all the same.
Charlie turns to Dean, lips pursed and brow pinched.  Her eyes look so sad, and Dean almost laughs because god, he just can’t stop hurting people he cares about and at this point it’s getting ridiculous. “You try, Dean,” she says firmly, but Dean just shakes his head. “You try your best with the shitty cards you were dealt, and that makes you a good person, no matter what the outcome is.”
“Cas.” He interrupts and he doesn’t mean for it to come out so broken and pleading, but the look he gets from Cas tells him in an instant that any attempt to pretend things are alright would be futile. Cas takes a deep breath.
“Bull.” Dean finally faces him. Lee’s arms are bound behind his back, and he’s seated in the middle of a devil’s trap like the enemy and Dean wonders for the thousandth time in less than 24 hours how it’s come to this. “How long have you been working for them? How’d they get you on their side in the first place?” Lee stays silent, looking up at Dean with a nauseating combination of pity and obstinance, and the anger Dean’s been tamping down up to this point boils over. It leaves an acrid taste in his mouth as he strides into Lee’s space and presses down hard onto the gauze covering his bullet wound.
Cas exhales unsteadily and pulls out a pen and a small journal from a pocket inside of his jacket. A soft rueful smile tugs at his lips when he remembers that Dean was the reason he started using a journal in the first place. He opens the book to its first empty page and stares at it for a long while. It isn’t until his fingers feel like they’re near frozen solid and the sky’s already begun to lighten that Castiel finally starts to write.
“It’s late,” Cas prompts quietly after a drawn-out silence. “You should sleep.” Dean opens his mouth to speak but quickly thinks better of it, instead fixing his friend with an unreadable expression. He stands to leave, heading in the direction of his bedroom, but as he passes Castiel, he pauses.
“Are you, now?” Dean approaches the devil’s trap again and Belphegor flinches. Dean smirks and ignores the ugly feeling that crawls up his throat. Having even an ounce of pride in this is sickening, but he can’t shut it off. Not anymore. “So there’s more you haven’t said?”
“You know me, probably better than anyone has my whole life. Better sometimes, than I even know myself. But still, you don’t seem to understand.” He eases open Castiel’s hands, balled up into fists, until he can lace their fingers together. Dean doesn’t seem to mind the way Cas’s palms are sweat-damp and sickly, nor does he mind the tremors that wrack Castiel’s whole being, that haven’t stopped since the moment he woke up. Instead Dean binds their hands together tighter, as if by force of will alone he could stop the shaking. “I can’t do this without you, Cas. Especially not now. And it’s not like before, because god knows how many battles I’ve lost in my lifetime. How many people I've had to say goodbye to. But this… I’m already broken, I know that. I have barely anything left to give up. Losing you, though, there wouldn’t even be any pieces left to pick up. Nothing but dust. So look at me, Cas. Really look, and tell me that I can live without you. Because, honestly, the way I'm feeling, I just–I know that I can't.”
