. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Yeah.”  Tony tried not to sound sullen.  He wasn’t very good at it.  “Sounds great.”
And then two glorious fingers were fucking in and out of him as Steve bent to suck his cock again.
“From you? A big chocolate surprise.”
Tony pushed away his arousal as best he could with a few deep breaths.
“I just –“ Roger hesitated, choosing his words carefully, “
him? Was Tony some sort of project?  Did Rogers think he could make Tony omelets, get his trust, get him under then pull the strings himself?  Put Tony in his place—lock him up, pin him down.  Fuck.  That was--
Tony grinned. “Admit it! You just wanted to show off those muscles chopping wood.”
“Mr. Stark?” he asked.
(Thinking of another man—always nameless, faceless-- hand around his cock in the dark, coming with a rush of shame. . . . It’s sick!  You’re sick!  Don’t think about anyone you know—don’t insult their friendship. . .)
“Whatever you say, Legolas.”
Steve raised his voice ever so slightly as he sang the last verse:
“No, no media circus,” she said firmly. “Not even a photographer. Just a small human-interest story. One reporter, one outlet—somebody we trust. Small and tasteful.”
“Email!”
“Well, if you throw a small army of total strangers at him, I know how it will go and it won’t be a training exercise anymore.  Have you even read your own research, let alone ours?  The goal is trust.”
“I can see why,” Steve said.  “Though, I’m not sure I could have been as forgiving as the Horta.  And it seems like the miners get a way better deal in the end.”
“Tony,” Clint said, hand landing heavily on Tony’s shoulder as he started to pursue.  “Let Nat do her thing.  She’s good at it and she’ll talk him down.  Just give Bruce some space.”
“I’m not sure if you heard me properly earlier,” Steve said after a few quiet moments.  “Thank you for the flowers.  They’re beautiful.”
. Notes on the qualities and characteristics of the aliens. The best strategies to fight them. The most effective unit formations. Weapons. Gear.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, noncommittally as he joined her in taking a left turn. She was walking quite close; it made it impossible not to notice how much taller she was.
“Mine!” Steve growled and he bit down
photo has been in my wallet ever since you showed it to me.” He cupped Steve’s face in his hands and kissed him tenderly. All Tony’s insecurities vanished in the face of Steve’s own. He pressed his forehead against Steve’s and whispered, “I’m in love with Steve Rogers. Not Captain America.”
Tony pressed his face into Steve’s hand and a long-lingering tear escaped his eye to slide down his cheek. Steve kissed him.
“Mmmm,” was the most polite response Tony could muster.
Sorry there was so little Steve!  And no date and no sexy times.  But, you know, Tony has other friends and does other stuff and has a life and so on . . . . so yeah.  And he needed some time to make plans.  More world-building about international and historical kink to come!  (And some racism-rebuttal!)  And, you know, also a second date.  Anyway, hope you liked this . . .
Steve kissed his way up Tony’s body, caressing his thighs, hips, sides, chest with lips and hands as Tony laid spent and shuddering beneath him. Steve pulled a blanket over them both, holding Tony in his arms and nuzzling his neck.
Tony frowned. Normally, Tony (and JARVIS) made every effort to keep the Tower safe without
They both took a sip of beer.
Tony let out a startled laugh and looked up. Rogers was giving him this pleased little smile.  Tony blinked.  (You made me laugh.  Weird.)
Tony took a step back to admire his handiwork. Pepper’s Wonder Woman body armor was ready to be wrapped and it was perfectly designed to inspire envy in top army brass and cosplayers alike. (Not that he expected her to wear it out without Vera Wang or Chanel over top, but she’d look fabulous if she did.) He’d ordered Mrs. Rhodes another Ferrari, scheduled to arrive on Christmas Eve. (It was a little game they played—he bought her something extravagant, she called and scolded him, then made him return it and send something deplorably ordinary, like a stand-up mixer.) He’d gotten a receipt from MIT for his annual donation in Rhodey’s honor, funding three more talented students for the James T. Rhodes Scholarship. (Rhodey’s middle name didn’t actually start with a T, but Tony couldn’t resist making the man one step closer to Captain James T. Kirk when he filled out the forms.) And across the workshop, the Norton Dominator glistened and gleamed in the light. Outwardly, it looked like something from the 1940s, but its new engineering would make any modern gear head drool. He’d really been in the zone with this one.
Tony paused. The tank top was threadbare—leaving the light and the contours of the arc reactor clearly visible—and it drooped low, revealing the topmost scarring, thick and knotted. (Shit.)
Rogers turned away.  “They’re your eggs, Mr. Stark.  You can do whatever you want with them.”  He picked up the scrub brush.
Tony palmed Steve’s balls, massaging and tugging a little, testing the response—Steve’s hips jerked again, to Tony’s delight. (Good to know.)
Rogers flinched.  (Shit.  Vulgarity really upsets the guy.  Good to know.)  Tony threw back the rest of his scotch.
“Wrong, yes,” she acknowledged.  “But not dangerous.  I was looking for moles in SHIELD--spying on spies, focusing on national security, tracing black money.  I had to prioritize.”
“Both.”
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
Steve let out a little sigh, breath warm on Tony’s shoulder.  Tony concentrated on the warmth of Steve’s body, the rise and fall of his chest.  (He loves me.)   Maybe a little nap wouldn’t hurt.  Just for a few minutes.
There was a cushion on the floor. For Tony.
(non-consensual power exchange; you took, but I didn’t give--)
“Whatever,” Tony said, turning for the elevator. “Later!” he called over his shoulder.
century opulence with its crystal chandeliers, gilt detailing, and lofty ceiling. Nice. Not really Tony’s style, but he was gonna bet Rogers loved it. There were attractive, slim bodied servers gliding through the room bearing haute hors d’ouvres on silver trays and myriad glasses of champagne.
They stumbled into Tony’s bedroom and shut the door.  Tony pushed Steve firmly against the wall and—
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I was really hoping you wouldn’t say that.”
“Oh yeah,” Tony murmured.  “You want it so bad, don’t you?”  He closed his hand around Steve’s cock and gave it a long, firm stroke.  “Shhhh, baby.  I’ll take care of you.”
“No, no,” Tony cut in.  He hated to disappoint Steve.  “Yeah, dinner sounds good.  Just let me know when to come up.”
And he could kneel if he wanted.
“Are you
“I believe I will,” the Captain said, getting up and leaving his food untouched. He pointed a finger at Jerry and added, “We’re not done, though.”
Steve paused, breathing deeply as he got himself under control; Tony kissed him sweetly, murmuring between kisses, “Thank you . . . so good . . . love you . . . Steve . . . Steve . . .”
“I still think JARVIS cursed us,” Clint muttered, voice a little rough.
“Got it,” Tony said. They were overtaking the things quickly. “Launch in, three, two, one—now!”
Another finger pressed up against the first and Steve added more slick. The lube was cool, but not unpleasantly so when Tony felt so hot, flushed, and aching.
A little fun with a side of authorial self-indulgence!
youtube comments written by evil sexist, orientationist, pigs with evil attitudes about body image, beauty, and gender. Also slut shaming. They are not me!!! Seriously triggery. (I accidentally kinda triggered myself a bit writing it.) To skip the actual comments, just pass over the italics section under the youtube video heading. The content, as well as death and rape threats, are mentioned in Steve and Tony’s conversation and/or thoughts, though l think in a far less triggery way. Still, if you’d like to read the chapter with those sections redacted, just leave me a comment with your email address.
Tony was stoking Steve, long slow touches in a steady rhythm.  From his knee along his inner thigh, brushing past his cock, over his hips and stomach, up his chest to his neck, then back to his knee.  Tony’s hands were so deliberate, so controlled.  It felt powerful.  Steve leaned back into Tony’s embrace, the belt around his wrists a steady pressure.  Tony’s caresses neither sped nor slowed and soon it was a struggle for Steve not to buck his hips at every pass of Tony’s hand.
“We’d like a bottle of the Montepulciano d’Abruzzo and I’ll have the risotto a la Milanese, followed by the costolette di agnello vino rosso and patate.”
“That’s wonderful!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The words had all come out all wrong—clipped and aggressive.
They both reached for their wine at the same moment.  Tony drained his all at once, mind still racing.  (You know I wouldn’t use him, right?  He’s not some nameless fuck to fill an empty place in my bed—and I never deceived anybody.  Casual sex is casual sex—no room for confusion.  I told you:
For long minutes, they held each other, rocking slightly, curled up on the floor next to the bed.  Steve stopped shuddering.
“Steve, can you . . . can you tell me how you first discovered what you want?  I mean, before you told me and slid to your knees, you’d clearly thought about it a lot.  How did you get to that point?”
“Pfft,” Tony waved it away.  “It’s fine.”
(Maybe Dummy or You could use some maintenance?)  Tony was itching to do something with his hands.
“You mean. . . why I was, um, crying?”
Steve moved to stand at the foot of the bed. Staring at him.
, I—” His words turned to an incomprehensible gasping, muffled against Tony’s throat, as Steve came slick and hot across Tony’s belly.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I think that your survival certainly qualifies,” Colbert says warmly. “And one Catholic to another, I’ve got to ask--who’s your patron saint?”
Tony finished adjusting his cuff links.
“Oh, right, sure.”  Tony blinked again and shook his head as if to clear it.  “Well, thanks again for dinner.  And the delivery service.”
Thanks so much for reading!  I'm so excited to be back to writing.  Another chapter in less than a month?  (Ok, that's still slow, but good for me! :)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
It wasn’t a big deal.  He could kneel if he wanted to.  (For Steve.  In front of everybody.)
He didn’t dream.
(Calm down, stupid.  He’s not breaking up with you.  It’s fine.  That’s not it.)
“And, Jesus!” Rhodey cried, waving his hands. “Her advisor at Harvard propositioned her!”
“Kelly,” he said pointing to the adorable grinning toddler on the right.
look amazing. (For
“Sounds good!” Bruce called over the hum of the quinjet.  He hurried over to one of the SHIELD agents.
“Steve, I’m a man being offered a blowjob,” Tony replied with a wry smile. “I’m never gonna say no.”
“Yeah,” Bruce plowed on, “Good.  And, well, he seems like a really kind person.  And I actually think he’s quite intelligent in his way.”
“Don’t give me that!  Just gonna check you over, buddy.”  Tony grabbed the oil can.  “Come on.  Oil?”
“Lawyers, huh?” Steve said, consideringly. “Well, if things go badly, we can keep that in mind.” He shrugged it off, then asked, “But, hey, how did your work go today?”
They made a speedy departure.
, but, hey, why not?”
Steve tipped their foreheads together and stood, breathing deeply in time with Tony.
didn’t see any foot in mouth—I’m actually, kind of impressed he went for some of that.”
“I was thinking . . .”  Steve swallowed.  “It’s good obeying you.  You’re in charge and . . . I want to please you.”
Tony glanced over at his other teammates, surprised by their silence, and blinked.  (Huh?)  Clint and Natasha didn’t look angry. (What the fuck?)
“I have to go now.”
“Not with those exact words, but I don’t--”
“You’re so perfect,” Steve murmured, and leaned up to kiss him wet and filthy and uncoordinated.
In the end, Good Queen Peg had sold her jewels to the Itani in return for grain; many had still starved to death and most of the kingdom remembered the long gnawing feeling of not enough food, too long without a full belly until their harvests recovered.
“Sir, Mr. Stark raises a very reasonable objection,” Rogers said, cutting off whatever Fury had been about to say.  Tony turned to look at him in surprise.
It wasn’t that nobody had ever apologized to Tony before. He’d gotten his fair share of, “hey, sorry about last night—I was super drunk; didn’t mean to come on so strong” apologies. Some sincere, some not; some he’d accepted, some not. But he couldn’t actually remember getting an apology from anybody so . . . unprompted.
“What? No.”
“Come on, Bruce! Circular polarization waits for no man!”
“So, just wanted to check,” Clint said eventually, reaching back to scratch at his right shoulder blade. “We still on for burgers?”
Tony played with his pen, mind running through possible barometric correlations with portal appearances. (Oh, hm, better ask Bruce if--)
pantries—for the marshmallows.
“Let’s get out of here.”
“Tony,” she said firmly. “It’s good.”
“Here,” Tony said after a few moments.  He gestured to the bags she’d left in the doorway.  “Why don’t I carry those over to the house and get you settled in with—“
“A Dom has to be in control,” Bruce said, then let out a bitter laugh. “I can’t think of a creature less in control than the Hulk. He’s—
“Sure.  Well, mostly the Air Force.  I mean, if the only time they let me off to come visit you is when my suit’s shot to hell, what kind of message are they sending me?”
And then Tony was coming back with a second finger, teasing the outside of Steve’s hole with it while he moved the first in and out.  Needy, desperate noises fell from Steve’s mouth unbidden.  (
“Would you excuse me?” Tony asked politely, gesturing down the hallway to the facilities.
(Oh God.) Tony arched his back just a little. His heart was pounding and he could feel his cheeks heating up. Definitely blushing. Should he present his palms?  (Too forward.  Let him ask.) Or maybe--
Tony scratched the back of his neck. “Oh?”
“And you do know I’ve managed to keep myself alive on my own, right?” Tony rolled his eyes.  “
Tony swallowed and glanced over at Bruce.
“Yes,” Tony said. “If you don’t mind telling me.”
“Well, it’s a pleasure to have an old friend of theirs here,” she said.  “I’m so happy to meet you.”
Tony thought Natasha’s eyes flicked to Steve for a second before she agreed, “And we’re less likely to attract unwanted attention if we don’t go for a thirty minute walk before dinner.”
Bruce took a deep breath, ready to yell again, then glanced at Tony with a pained expression, raw and exposed.
“I guess so,” Steve said.
*******************************************
in your hands,” he murmured.
Steve shrugged.  “Fine.  I’ve been running some training modules with Clint and Natasha.  If you can spare time from inventing, we should really start going through them as a team.  Get on a regular training regimen again now that Clint and Natasha are cleared for duty.”
,” Natasha agreed.
I've poked and fiddled with this flashback thing for a while and, at this point, it maybe should just be its own story, but well, here it is anyway.  There's Rhodey!  And Steve/Tony pre-slash...  Hope you like it!
Tony didn’t move.
“I am not programmed to take orders from Ms. Potts.”
“No, don’t go. It’s okay,” Tony said again. “Here. You must be freezing.”
Pepper set the tablet in Tony’s lap. He snatched it up eagerly as she turned to go, but at the last minute she turned back to him with a soft, hesitant, “Tony?”
“Great! You call me when you’re done here and I’ll come get you.”
“Hi, Tony! So good to see you!”
Steve’s expression went pinched as he stared at the skyline.
(“Fuck!  You like that, bitch?  Yeah, I bet you do.  That hard enough for you?  Smile for the camera, baby. Hey, James, take his mouth. Really choke him on it.  See?  He likes that.”)
“Coming!” Steve called back from down the hall. He hurried out wearing a lovely black suit and holding a large bouquet of flowers. Tony stared at them: red roses, yellow roses, and white stargazer lilies.
“Uh,” Rogers said, voice back to normal. “I’ll see what I can do about that cheeseburger.”
(Fuck, fuck, fuck.)  Tony faltered.  (It’s fine, he’s fine, everything’s cool.)  Tony swallowed heavily and cleared his throat.
“Tony!” Steve crashed to his knees beside Tony, landing so hard the dishes rattled in the kitchen. “Oh Christ! I’m sorry. I--” He looked stricken. “Are you all right?”
century. Pretty basic.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(Pepper had smelled like lilacs as she rocked him back and forth.  “It’s gonna be okay. . . You’re okay. . . You’re good. . . Shhh, I’ve got you . . .”)
Clint took the opening to pound Steve in the solar plexus, making him grunt and stagger; Natasha escaped his hold with ease.
“Four!” Tony cried. “How did it get so late? Crap. Uh, yeah. Tell him I’ll be down in five. No! Fifteen. Tell him fifteen. There’s something I need to finish up first.”
“Nice, Captain,” Tony called.  (Someday, Tony was gonna study the physics of that shield . . . it really made no sense.)
“Oh no. I put these together myself.”
“Uh. So, the weather’s supposed to be decent today.” Steve shoved his hands into his pockets. “So I thought maybe it would be a good time to take the Dominator out for a ride. You busy?”
“Why not?” Tony asked. (Oh! Of course. Shy baby.) “Don’t worry—JARVIS can put the gym in lockdown. Nobody’ll come in.”
Tony nodded and Steve stepped from the warm shower. Tony could hear him drying himself with brisk, military efficiency and then going into the bedroom. Tony knelt, palms upturned, head down, breathing deeply.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“What? No. I can’t possibly.”
“There’s nothing going on,” Tony repeated.
“What a shame! He’s a real hero. I’d have liked to shake his hand.”
! Machines this shitty are a disgrace to machinery!”
gonna restrain the Hulk— Well. He was a genius, of course, but (as Bones would say) not a miracle worker.
+++++++++++
Tony swallowed heavily.  “Steve?”
Tony smiled.
.  He’d felt invincible, body humming like a live wire.  Tony swallowed thickly and wet his lips.
Phillips shrugged.  "The Queen is already planning to send Queen Maria her new jewels, those recovered in the south Hoard finding.  And of course there's the gold we have in store against future bread shortages.  A gamble, but probably worth it for the added protection against Hydra and the North raiders."
“Tony?” Steve said softly, brow creased, “Are you okay?”
“You were brilliant,” Tony said, then added with a smile, “Also, you’re trending on twitter.”
“I wasn’t upset with you, Tony.  Or really even upset.  Not exactly.  I just . . .”  Steve bit his lip.  “It was just a lot to take in, I guess.”
**************************************
“Shit,” Steve muttered as he saw the effect his words had on Tony. He set the coffee tray aside and rambled on, “Sorry. Forget I said anything. Please? It’s dumb.”
“I’m yours.  Please, Steve,
“And it shouldn’t even have been a surprise,” Steve added, sounding frustrated.  “I’ve already seen you kneel for Pepper at the Tower.  I know you two are--” he paused, searching for words, “--like that.”
lived here?”  Rogers gave a little nod.  “Aw, that’s cute, but nope.  This is your floor.” Rogers looked uneasy, so Tony added, “But don’t get your equality-loving undies in a twist—no preferential treatment.  Bruce and the ninjas each have a floor too.”
“You’re so good, so perfect, Steve. . . . I don’t deserve you.”   (Well, that’s true at least.)
(“No, seriously, how can the dilithium crystals be in crisis AGAIN?” “SHHHHH!”)
“—really, though, ladies,” the Dom was saying, loudly, voice carrying, “he’s looking damn good for a ninety year old, isn’t he?” He slapped Steve on the back again and opened his mouth to say something else, but Tony cut in.
Natasha arrived next with Clint in tow.
“What do you want, Steve?  Hm?” Tony asked.  “Please--tell me how to serve you.”
“Shots,” Pepper and Rhodey agreed solemnly.
Just the feeling of opening his mouth wide for Tony’s cock was amazing.    (Oh, fuck, yes.)  Steve mouthed at the head caressing it with his lips for a moment.  Tony’s precum tasted bitter and a little salty. Steve moved forward eagerly. He tried to go slowly but on his first attempt he gagged and jerked back, then pressed forward again, determined.  He gagged again.
“I’m glad,” Mikie said, still smiling at Steve. “It’s our pleasure.”
“Steve! Hey, man! Great to see ya!” Rhodey dodged away from Tony and went over to the kitchen.
JARVIS obliged; the robot’s left leg jerked and shuddered. Tony frowned and tipped it over on the workbench.
The limo rolled to a stop.
“Shall we head in?”
Berber Café was a riotous explosion of patterns and colors, from the intricate rugs and floor cushions to the delicately carved tables and vivid wall panels.  Bright reds and blues, creams and golds, illuminated by oil lamps, and an open fire. (There are electric lights too, of course, but they’ve created the illusion of candle light expertly.)
Pepper’s laughter lingered warmly in the workshop after they’d hung up.
“Oh fuck!  Steve!  If you don’t stop, I’m gonna come, I’ll—“
, not like a show to be put on, just something he should do because it felt right to him in the moment. He took a deep breath and pushed his shoulders back, but still kept his gaze down.
“What? No!  Tony, you can’t wear the Iron Man helmet instead of a proper motorcycle helmet.  Absolutely not!”
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers said softly, “may I come in?”
Rogers seemed almost nervous.  He hesitated a moment, then asked, the words formal and precise: “Mr. Stark, may I have the honor of calling you Anthony?”
“You wish,” Tony snarked. “Later!”
P { margin-bottom: 0.08in; }
In the end, they decided to order ten of everything as sliders with a side of everything else. Clint fussed over pouring their beers. Steve seemed nervous; Bruce seemed distracted; Natasha took a sip of her beer. (Huh.) The silence felt kinda awkward.
“What kind of training have you been doing?”
“Thank you. Thank you, Steve,” Tony murmured softly, in a soothing litany. “Sweetheart . . . thank you . . .”
“Tell her I’m coming down to meet her,” Tony called, leaping off the couch and dropping Steve's hand.
let me update her old butch cut. Sleek and sophisticated, but low maintenance. Half Wall Street, half Greek goddess. Artemis on the warpath.”
Tony was still smiling as he said, “Steve.”
than I was in the eighties. How fucked up is that?”
Steve shrugged again, but Tony must have been visibly skeptical, since he added, “For God’s sake, Tony, I’ve
“There.  That’s better, isn’t it, sweetheart?”
“Do you maybe, uh,” Bruce asked, “still want to work on the Security Blanket today?”
There was someone in his kitchen.
----------------------------
“How much? You know I’m good for it.”
(Me? Fine.  Except, okay yeah, feeling guilty that I’ve been ignoring you even if I didn’t mean to—and, hey, progress!  I actually noticed that it had been . . . um?  two days?  three? . . . since I saw you.  This is huge!)
Tony hesitated a moment, then said
Steve continued, his voice stronger, more confident: “Tony, I love you—no matter what—and you don’t have to do all this for me to make me want to be with you.  I just want to make you happy.  If this doesn’t make you happy, I don’t want it.  I
“I’m sure anything you pick out will be lovely.”
.  Well played, Banner. Well played.)
“Yes, of course,” Rogers said without turning around. “I’m fine.”
“Just think about it, Tony,” Bruce said with a little half-smile.  He hesitated, then added, “But this is hard enough without . . .”  He frowned and straightened.  “I’d really like your support. I’ve tried dealing with everything alone, and it’s . . . not so good. So, I just. . . I want to try.  Okay? ”
For all his faults, Tony had never struck him as cruel.
“Your eyes,” Tony told him softly.  “They’re the most stunning shade of blue, so wide and bright, and they’re always so full of emotion.  It’s a cliché that the eyes are windows into our souls, but . . .” Tony shrugged and glanced away, almost awkward.  When he looked back, Tony stared into Steve’s eyes and murmured, “so beautiful.”
“Guh,” Tony gasped, feeling a little silly for being so tied up over one fingertip. Steve went still and Tony realized he hadn’t answered properly. “Green!”
Steve's throat went dry; heat coiled in his belly. Tony licked his lips and his eyes lit up with triumph.
“It won’t be for long, but I think it’s the right call to train without you a few times.”
Tony turned away from Steve to jump in, “Go on, Nat! Don’t be a tree snob!”
“You mean, dopey.  Awkward? Unbalanced? Detrimental to flight speed?”
It is hard to write in These Dark Times, but I'm trying very hard to finish this story in the next few months.  This story means the world to me and I want to see it through.  Your kind words and support are extremely appreciated! I am so grateful for your kindness and understanding.
Steve concentrated and this time the cockhead slid forward, his gag reflex kept in check. He felt full and dizzy and hot, the weight and pressure of it strange and foreign, but wildly exhilarating even as it cut off his air. (I did it!) His pulse sped and his hips twitched. Very carefully Steve eased it a little farther down his throat, then pulled back a little. He held the dildo there a moment, before pressing it down once more, just a little deeper, and holding it there again. But in a few seconds he could feel himself tensing unpleasantly and had to pull it out all the way. Steve took a deep gulping breath and another. He shivered. Then he tried to push the cock back down his throat.
“No, no! I’m ready. See?” Tony hurriedly took Bruce’s knight with his bishop. “Sorry. Was lost in an engineering puzzle.”
“Yeah. Maybe,” Steve said. “Guess decorating hasn’t been high on my list of priorities.”
“I’m up,” Tony insisted.
Tony’d known Steve was strong. Strong and graceful, but he’d never seen him like this before, not when he had the luxury of standing there to watch.
need his sleep.  Tony nevergot enough sleep.  It would be selfish to wake him up just because Steve was in the mood.
“Right, of course.
Thank you all so much for your kind words!  I'm so glad you enjoyed chapter 18 and am sorry for the delay getting 19 to you.  Thank you for your patience-- work, travel, writers block and a cruel separation from my beta slowed this down a bit.  Hope having an extra long chapter makes up for it.  :-)
Tony froze.
When Tony looked up he found Steve looking down at him with a smile, not even watching his feet as he moved.
(Maybe he’d write back? Maybe there’d be an email in Tony’s inbox. Maybe Steve was making
“What do you want, sweetheart?” Tony asked.  His slick finger went still, a light pressure at Steve’s entrance.
and put him under.
,not Tony, weirdly like masturbating but not. It was embarrassing. His cheeks heated, but his cock grew harder.
(It's okay. Rhodey's happy for us.) In fact, Steve was pretty sure Rhodey glanced down at their hands and smiled a little brighter, looking away from Tony's oration to catch Steve's eye with his grin.
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said with a smile, looking up from his honest to god black-and-white newsprint newspaper. The kind that smelled and got ink on your fingers.
Tony stared.  He hadn’t exactly
“Sort of,” Tony said, running a hand through his now-messy hair. “Well, he asked me first ages ago, but then I kept saying no and he apologized and stopped asking, so I figured I’d better say something since I really want to.” Tony swallowed. “To go on a date with him.”
“Great! I’ll order pizzas and meet you in the common room in fifteen. Just wrapping up here.”
Steve pressed his lips together, scowling at the floor.
“I’m right here,” she answered.
“Oh yeah?” Tony said. “Do they still think you should come out first?”
“I’ll interpret that as ‘put him through,’ shall I sir?”
Tony dropped to his knees and kissed Steve softly and sweetly on the lips, then unbuckled his belt to release Steve’s wrists.  Tony grabbed a blanket and pulled Steve down onto the cushions next to him.  The blanket was scratchy wool and smelled a little like motor oil, but that didn’t seem like a bad thing.  Steve felt sated and calm and warm.  He let out a deep, contented sigh.
Steve hadn’t actually asked him to leave. . .
“Yes, sir.”
on your first date and make it sound like . . . like you assume there will be tons of dates, and this is a
Steve grinned. “I got that reference!”
“I know.”  Tony let out a startled little laugh.
“Ms. Potts on the line for you, sir.”
Steve’s breathing started to shallow out again and his gaze got a little unfocused. He shook his head and turned to look down at Tony, his expression pinched as he said:
)  Tony rubbed soft, gentle little circles at Steve’s entrance once again, but still without giving him what he wanted, not pressing inside.
Chaos erupted. Agents sprang into action, some attacking the spiders in trios, some trying to hold the perimeter. Black Widow leapt onto one of the creature’s backs—her knife found the vulnerable joint between platelets; when she leapt away, the creature fell, belly-up, legs convulsing. Vibranium flew. Arrows exploded.
was why Tony should be in his workshop.  There was nothing to do with his hands here, nowhere to divert his attention, just quiet and--
Tony hesitated, not quite sure what to say (or whether Rhodey was trying to
Tony held in a sigh.
Tony fumbled around for something more to say, and added enthusiastically, “And I can guarantee
Tony flipped up the face plate. Bruce was giving him this agonized, nervous look as Tony approached the worktable.
“You’re right. And I did learn something new.” Tony’s grin was triumphant. “Captain America’s dad was a drunk.” He says it mean, like an attack.
“Well, yes,” Captain Rogers says, rubbing the back of his neck, “But they gave us a pretty free rein since we got results.”
“Did he go out?”
(Seriously? I give you
“Exactly.  So you’ll have a copy in about four minutes.”
—except Steve and Mrs. Rhodes. Steve just said, “I’m sure I’ll like whatever you pick,” and Mrs. Rhodes seemed to be waiting for a consensus.
.   Tony sank into the movements, following effortlessly as Steve led him across the dancefloor.
“Hey, Tones. How you doin’?” Rhodey said as his smiling face flashed up on a glowing screen.
3:15 am.
“Sweetheart?” Steve said, “I need you to tell me your safeword.”  He squeezed Tony’s wrists.  “Answer me.”
Steve nearly snorted. Sounded like every artist ever. And this one was a rich industrialist to boot? He’d probably be a terror. But Steve could handle that. He’d handled worse.
This chapter was a bit of a struggle (as you may have seen on tumblr).  So--because I'm feeling anxious--just a polite reminder that I ask not to receive concrit.  When I post a chapter I consider it final and negative comments just get me down.  If you object to something in the chapter, I ask that you kindly not tell me so.  Thank you!
They found Captain America.  It wasn’t public knowledge yet and, even though the expedition had been funded by Stark Industries (not by
“Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, with a smile, holding out his hand.  “Welcome aboard.”  And holy fuck, Rogers just said it so
“Anyway,” Steve said, standing abruptly. “I’m so sorry. I lost track of time. I—I’d better go. There are some errands I’ve been putting off.”
“What can I do for ya, Cap?”  Tony asked, tearing his eyes away from the charts he’d been working on.
“Yeah. Natasha’s wrist is almost back to normal, but Clint’s ankle still gives him a little trouble. Better safe than sorry. They should be cleared for active duty soon though.”
“You weren’t busy, were you?” Pepper said as soon as the phone connected.
For a while the workshop was uncomfortably silent. Pepper’s hand rested frozen on Tony’s shoulder, though he’d jolted his head up off her knee in surprise.  (Looking guilty much?)
“The truth? It was awful.” Steve’s entire body tensed. “He kept asking me these
Tony made a noise of protest as Steve deprived him of something to suck, but then those lovely fingers were rubbing at his hole, slick and insistent and he thought his heart might burst.
Thank you so much for reading.  I'm honestly not doing very well at the moment, but I'm here, I'm queer, and I'm doing what I can. Comments especially appreciated in these dark days.  I hope this story is a comfort.
“Nope!” Tony said, looking tremendously pleased.  “It’s crash time.  I fixed the damn things.  Victory is mine!”
“Seems
Steve startled. Clint was hovering, his face twisted with concern.
I had a hard time figuring out what I thought 19 year old Prince Tony would be like, but now that I feel like I've got a handle on him I'm tempted to spend more time with these two...
This time, sleep didn’t come quite so easily.
Tony unwound the tape carefully, peeling back the layers of fabric protecting Cap’s hands. They were large, strong hands—no surprise there—but soft and smooth, no calluses. (Must be the serum.) Tony’s hands were small, rough, and littered with tiny scars, the marks of his carelessness over long years in the workshop.
“You don’t say.” Fury looked at Rogers impassively.
Steve shut the door behind him and shuffled over to Tony’s bed.  He’d never been in Tony’s bed before.  Last night, they’d fooled around at Steve’s.  Tony watched him-- this felt like a Big Step.  Tony threw back the covers and patted the bed.  Steve smiled and climbed in.  (God, they looked like something from a TV show from the fifties, with their serious-looking pajamas. climbing into bed without touching.  Except gay.  So, really, not like the ‘50s at all…)
Steve’s shivering didn’t subside; in fact, he seemed to be shuddering more and more, breathing heavily.  He made a little hiccupping noise.  Tony pulled him closer, bringing more of their naked bodies in contact.  “Shhhhh . . . shhhhh  . . . I’ve got you . . .”
Tony raised an eyebrow.  “Fight.”
“My God, you’re
He had, through sheer genius, gotten the metal rim of the arc reactor down to one centimeter in width and redesigned it so the device stood only 0.5 cm out of his chest.
“Yeah, Barton, better look out.”
Tony used the facilities, checked himself over in the mirror (fabulous), and went to rejoin Steve. Steve: the last person in New York City who didn’t take out his smartphone when his date went to the bathroom. He just sat quietly, looking around the restaurant.
(Best get it over with.)
“Absolutely,” Tony said with a flirtatious smile.  “And I do hope you’ll . . . come in for
Tony swallowed thickly, then shook his head.
Tony’s heart raced.  He hadn’t dared hope, so soon, but--
care about the Avengers.  So, meetings.
Tony’s heart sped as he obeyed: “Yes, Steve.”
them to--   Yes, I realize that . . . Lack of preparedness has cost my team’s scientists valuable data, data that could save lives if the anomaly is hostile.”
“I mean
“You could feed an army with this,” Steve said, still smiling.
(But, why are you
“JARVIS, end call.”
“Let me do my job,” she said, voice firm, calm, and collected. Then she added a little more softly, “Please.”
“Finance is a family tradition,” Silverstein said with a slight grimace, “but mathematics is my love. Did you read any of Smirnov’s most recent work? I thought his proof of the conformal invariance of percolation might particularly interest you.”
Rogers still sounded pained and unhappy.
(Oh!  Right!)
ever?” Bruce asked.
“I’m on your side, Tony,” she called after him.
.  Right?)   Steve’s whole body vibrated with tension.  (What if Tony really thinks
“Good. Get Hawkeye into position!”
wouldn’t want to risk the wrath of a jealous Captain America.”
Huge massive thank you's to all my cheerleaders and idea-bouncers, especially Ergane, thigmotaxis, and Nonymos, who wrote me beautiful gift fic.
“It seems like we can trust him, don’t you think?” Tony said nothing, but Bruce went on unencouraged. “It’s weird to meet your childhood hero and find he
Interesting.  For “canes & crops,” Steve had checked “curious” then “unsure,” then back to “curious” before ending on “unsure” again.  Same thing with “whips.”  “CBT” had started in “dislike,” moved to “curious,” then found a home in “unsure.”  Spanking had moved from “curious” to “like” to “unsure” then back to “curious.”  (Oh fuck!)
Tony snorted.  “Sure you are.
left. You
“So, have you found anything?” Tony asked, eager to shift Bruce’s attention.
“Steve.  Steve!” Tony cried.  Steve moaned around his cock in reply.
first date for no good reason and hid in the bathroom. (Whatever—he’d peed! That meant it wasn’t hiding . . . yet.)
.) “If you’re ever up for that frolic here’s my—“
It was three in the morning. Tony was in the workshop, staring blankly at glowing blue projections of poly-aramid ratios and tensile strengths, a tall glass of scotch clutched in his right hand. (It was a rule—he could bring a glass down to the shop, but not a bottle. He’d never broken that rule. Yet.) He took a sip. (He had some very large glasses.)
Tony stretched and rubbed his neck as he padded over to the elevator and sent it up towards the penthouse.  The floor indicators glowed as they passed.
In the elevator on the way up to the common room, Tony braced himself.  Being summoned to a meeting with Rogers felt a lot like hearing a Dom say, “
really loved
Maybe he’d wear the thick half-vest he’d designed to cover it after Afghanistan? The one he’d worn when he wanted to hook up with some random Dom for a night, eager for some pleasure, some distraction from the memories of the cave and the-- (No!) Even as the possibility occurred to him, Tony recoiled from it. (No. Not with Steve.)
Back in the ballroom, Tony breathed easier, though his heart was still racing. He took a deep breath.
“Oh. Gotcha,” Tony said.
.  Hm.  If Tony could get him out of those terrible clothes, he really was quite handsome.  A few years older than Tony, but in good shape with strong facial features and, seriously, with a mind like Banner's everything else was just extra.  Huh.
So, naturally Tony was still holed up in his workshop.
“Really?” Rhodey drew the word out, skeptical.
Tony let out a rough chuckle.  “You’ve got me, Steve.”  He squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “I’m right here.  Tell me what you want.  What do you want to do right now?”
Tony decided to try undisguised honesty. “I want to spend time with you,” he said.
“Uh . . .” Steve turned to Tony who nodded.
Christmas: Part I
For a moment, Tony wasn’t sure what Steve meant. When he remembered he had to swallow a laugh.
After indulging Harry’s enthusiasm for erdgodic theory and talking up the Stark Scholars a bit more, Tony left the main bar to mingle, though he was feeling a bit weary of the whole thing. Luckily the band was on break, so nobody could ask him to dance. (He needed a break too.)
Tom watched from around the corner, mesmerized, forgetting even to feign interest in his phone.
“Hi, Tony.”
Tony heard a couple of agents snigger, but he couldn’t help smiling. It was just so
Bruce cut in, defusing the situation, “Director, we finished work on the mini-spectrometer.  Unless the force field reappears, I really don’t see what either of us can do at SHEILD to be of further assistance.”
(Pepper took communication very seriously.  This rendered her friendship with Tony all the more mysterious.)
“When you kneel, I can’t--” Steve shook his head.  “It’s not right--not right to be angry when a sub’s kneeling.  It’s all wrong when you’re like that, so it’s like forcing me to--”. He let out a frustrated breath, searching for words.  “It’s like shutting me up and forcing me to forgive you and say I’m ok, even when I’m not.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Rogers nodded almost eagerly then, and asked Tony what he thought the best approach would be.  Tony flipped the faceplate down, beckoned Rogers closer, and showed him how he needed three limbs to steer properly.  It took a little bit of brainstorming, but they eventually decided the best way to fly from a standstill would be for Cap to sling his arm over Tony’s shoulders and stand on one of Tony’s boots while Tony held his waist.
Tony took a sip of water. He hoped everything was set up at the Ranch as requested. He moved a Castle and mentally ran through the checklist he’d sent the care takers one last time.
Short chapter is short, but here it is.
“Oh, ok.  Good.”
Tony finished his scotch in his darkened workshop, Dummy at his side.
He still didn’t know what to say.
Tony trembled and sagged into his bonds.
“No, Steve,” Tony said, waving his fork in the air, “it’s not just ‘good!’ Hot dogs in the park are ‘good!’ This is—“
“Justin K in Baltimore asks: ‘“With Valentine’s Day right around the corner, I’m wondering if there’s there a special submissive in your life?”
Clint smiled indulgently at the little girl (Huh.)
“Again,” he insisted.  “Say it again.”
. “Of course I have my theories, but I'll keep them to myself.”
“Shit, Tones,” Rhodey breathed into the phone. He sounded pained. “Shit. I should have talked to him. Why didn’t I think of that? Fuck. I’m the one who asked you to look out for him! And I got you to Dr. J! What the hell was I thinking, not--”
“Shhh,” Tony murmured, trying not to panic.  (What the hell?)  “It’s okay. . .  Whatever it is, it’s okay. . . I’ve got you . . .”  Tony kept his left arm firmly around Steve’s waist, trying to anchor him, while with his right hand he kept caressing Steve’s neck and hair.
,” Tony said seriously.
Tony heard a sharp breath behind him and spun.
“Shit!” Steve cussed.  “I’m sorry!”  (Fuck, Rogers, you have to be
Tony was about to speak when Steve rushed on: “But either way, I’m afraid I can’t. I don’t know how to dance. I’d just embarrass us both.”
Tony tore his mouth away from Steve’s and turned to bite down on the tender spot where his neck met his shoulder.  Steve cried out as Tony nipped and sucked at it.  (It’s going to bruise. . . He’s leaving a mark!)  A fresh wave of arousal swept through him and Steve let out a hoarse moan.  Tony thrust his fingers in a little harder.
“Huh?” Tony looked over. (Oh yeah. Lieutenant Whatsit is still here.) “Oh. Right. Thanks. JARVIS'll show you out. Freight elevator to one, J. Dismissed!”
“ . . . Oh, really? Yes, Martina, do please introduce me. Mr. Samuels, how nice to meet you . . .”
“Did you ‘
“So,” Pepper prompted after a moment. “You asked Steve on a date and he said yes.”
They both stared at Tony-- frozen--but Clint recovered fast.  He gave an awkward little laugh and said, “Uh…. welcome back?”
(Huh.  I really hope Steve doesn’t kill me in his sleep.)
“Damn straight,” Rhodey laughed and nodded. He turned to Steve. “It’s true. She’s braver than I am. She taught biology to hordes of teenagers and kept the little monsters in line.”
“Hello, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said politely.  Tony startled.  Rogers had somehow appeared silently at Tony’s side while he scowled at the coffee machine.  Seriously, the guy was almost as quiet as Natasha, which was simply unfair.  Rogers poured some coffee in a to-go cup, then asked, “Would you like some coffee?”
Tony’s mind was already leaping three steps ahead. It was far too early in the evening to let himself be monopolized by one person for too long or to try and slip out (even briefly), but he could do a little flirting then arrange to meet up at the end of the evening.
“There’s another gala,” Tony said. “I’m there, looking fabulous, surrounded by people I hate so I decide to duck out for a bit, but then there’s this guy harassing me . . . really nasty.” Tony could see it: him in his tux, a big brute of a Dom, a darkened alleyway. “It’s about to get bad and I’m starting to panic, when I hear this voice at the end of the alley saying, ya know, with a Brooklyn accent: ‘You leave him alone!’”
Steve bowed his head and Mrs. Rhodes did the same. Tony looked down, feeling a little awkward, as Steve said softly, “Bless us Oh Lord, and these thy gifts, which we are about to receive, from thy bounty, through Christ, Our Lord. Amen.”
Tony turned to find Natasha, luminous in the light of the elevator, with a fur coat over her arm and wearing a beautiful burgundy dress with black velvet trim. Steve grabbed his coat from the back of the couch where it had laid unnoticed.
And Tony knew he wasn’t just talking about the hospital.
After a long, lingering moment, Rogers took a step closer and accepted the glass. Tony poured them each a few fingers of scotch and clinked the crystal together. Tony raised his glass and fumbled around for a toast; Rogers waited, but made no suggestions.
Where wise men
” Steve let out a little gasp as he exhaled.  (Keep breathing . . .) Tony grabbed the bottle and now there was more slick and Tony was pushing in a little farther, then pulling back, then in a little more, working his finger deeper into Steve’s tight body.
----------------------------
The look of tender adoration on his face overwhelmed Tony with a strange mix of pleasure and embarrassment (mingled with a sick twist of unworthiness).
Tony nodded and leaned a little closer, afraid to do anything to shatter the moment. Steve hardly talked about the past, let alone the war. It felt significant. Special.
“You’re not late,” Steve said reassuringly, stepping closer. “It’s only 2 pm.”
(He didn’t. They looked
Rogers stilled for a moment. “Didn’t think you much cared for my cooking.”
“It’s just that I—”
“Cold?” Steve asked.
Also, taking things apart was a good way to keep his hands busy while Pepper filled him in on meetings and Stark Industries stuff.
“In this at least,” Natasha said, voice flinty but with mirth in her eyes, “you are very observant.”
“What? No!” Tony cut her off. “That’s such shit.”
Tony wondered if Steve knew how right he was, if it had taken Bucky as many years to get over Steve as it had taken Tony to get over Rhodey.
“Of course,” Tony said. “It was a pleasure talking with you.”
“It could be worse,” Steve said stiffly. “They’re very polite about it at least.”
“What are you talking about?” Tony said. “You got me the Starship Enterprise.”
He took Tony’s mouthagain in a passionate kiss and, up at the penthouse, strode down the hallway with long, urgent steps. At the threshold to Tony’s bedroom, he paused for just an instant before entering.
“Well, if each Avenger has his or her own floor, I’m not sure how much team bonding we’ll really get from living together.”  Tony frowned and Bruce continued.  “I mean, we each have our own bathrooms, living rooms—even our own full kitchens—but no designated communal space.”
Natasha rolled her eyes and Tony laughed at the cheap plastic Avengers Clint had gotten.
Steve nodded and Tony said no more.  Steve really wanted to ask about this Jarvis, but didn’t want to spoil the fragile mood and he sensed that Tony was already gathering himself up for an evasion.
Tony let out a little snort. “Sounds like you were more willing to be a sub in the
(Shit. Is he just teasing back, or saying I’m weak? Which, okay, yeah compared to
Tony squinted. “Huh?”
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!
In a vision once I saw: . . .)
“Perhaps I might read you Ms. Potts’ Quarterly Report?”
And, oh fuck, there it was—Steve’s shy, sweet little smile, with his head tilted down, the intimate one he only gave to Tony.  “Yeah,”  Steve said softly.  “Yeah, you do.”  He reached out to squeeze Tony’s hand and let it linger there for a few moments before pulling away and saying, “So, phasers on stun, huh?”
“No,” he said apologetically. “Maybe I’ll go read a little of it before bed.”
.  Even while at SHIELD. He had a tantalizing problem to solve and was working on it without the threat of imminent death.  And he got to work on it with Bruce-- Bruce whose brain was a delightful quicksilver, whose voice was gentle, but firm, strong . . . Bruce who was (despite his clothes) quite handsome.  Things were good.
Then Tony clenched Steve’s hair in his fist and jerked his head back sharply.  Steve gasped and cried out as Tony bit his neck, worrying at it with his teeth.  Tony rose up on his knees to lean over Steve and take his mouth in a fierce kiss.  His tongue fucked in and out of Steve’s mouth, hot, heavy, wet.  Steve forgot to breathe.  His whole body was throbbing.  He felt dizzy.
Tony curled against Steve’s legs and glanced surreptitiously around the room.  His teammates were all focused on Gandalf’s battle with the Balrog, but as he looked up Bruce glanced over and smiled warmly at him.  Only Pepper had a slight furrow at her brow--she raised an eyebrow when he caught her eye.  Tony grinned and gave her a little thumbs up; she smiled and turned her attention to the screen.
“Ok.”
“Uh, I’m going to go check the grounds,” Bruce said, still sounding a little off.  “I want to look at the force field from the other side.”
And maybe it was his imagination, but Steve seemed to look pleased by that.
“No, seriously, who makes these things?” Tony asked JARVIS angrily, steamrolling ahead before his AI could answer. “I don’t care who it is—Have Pepper find out and
me.)  And it hurt, a sharp twisting pain, to realize he’d been wrong and there was still no one.  (Oh God, Rogers. You’re so fucking pathetic.)
, but then some of them . . . they kinda upset me and I had to get JARVIS to help me look it up and make sure it was all pretend, but it was--  after that, I stayed away from those things.”  Steve hurried on as if eager to prevent any follow up.  (Oh, I am so asking you about porn some other time!  That’s just—oh
we go to SHIELD, so let’s try and put Fury off for at least a week, ideally two.”
“So you invited him to your workshop,” Bruce said in a measured voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
(Fuck!)
Steve opened his mouth to say something, then closed it and just smiled for a moment before saying softly, “Thank you, Tony.”
Tony threw back his club soda and poured another.
Clint, Natasha, and Bruce started carrying their things upstairs, but Steve lingered.
“So, tell me,” Tony said. “Do you sleep in the Wonder Woman armor? Because I’ll be flattered if you do.”
Tony let out another rasp and she turned to the side table where there was a glass of water with a straw. She offered it to him and Tony drank greedily. He wasn’t thirsty, but his mouth and throat were parched raw.
“Something for me?” Steve said in surprise.
“And it’s got a 7:1 tensile ratio?” Pep asked, reaching out to touch Nat’s uniform consideringly.
Fury nodded. “Yes.  After careful consideration, we’d like to offer you a place on the team, Dr. Banner. We think that we’ll be able to help you find ways to control your impulses and eventually remain in full command during transformation.  Is that of interest to you?”
“You do know that you’re a billionaire, right?” she teased curling up on the ugly plaid thing.  “You know you could buy fancy furniture for the workshop, ruin it, and replace it without difficulty, right?”
“Yeah, so the rec room and stuff is right above your floor, and the gym is four floors down, below Bruce’s place.”
“Oh, Tony, darling!”
“Like what?” Tony snapped.  “Busy?  Uninterested?”
“Mmmm.”
Steve looked up, trying to seem casual. “Tony?”
“My living room,” Roger repeated blankly.
(Mmmm.)
Thanks so much for reading!  More coming very soon.  <3
Tony strode inside and the doors slammed closed behind him.  Never one to back down from a challenge, Tony let his fur cloak fall to the floor as he approached, eyes demurely fastened on the floor. He heard the king gasp.
Tony watched Steve pad naked to the doorway, footsteps nearly silent; he moved as gracefully as a dancer. His flawless muscles flowed under flawless skin. The perfect Dom, both superficially and truly: a perfect human biological specimen, and also devoted, tender, generous, noble.
Tony frowned. He clearly wasn’t describing Cap in a way that clarified his
“You really are a good guy, aren’t you?” Tony said softly. It was the sort of thing he’d usually say snidely or at least half as a joke, but tonight alone in the gym with Rogers it was a gentle observation.
“Of course I did! You don’t actually think I’d let somebody else—some lesser engineer!—work on your bike do you?”
“BLECH!” (Cold wet terrible damnit!)
“Can happen here too,” Bruce said wryly.
Fury nodded.  “Full press conference. No behind-the-scenes consulting.  You’d be on both the science division with Doctor Banner and a first responder-- a combat position on the front lines.”
The Star.
“Maybe I can take your mind off SHIELD?” Tony said lightly. “See, I’m a gross sweaty mess, so I’m heading up for a shower. I thought you might like to join me?”
Steve swallowed. “It was just cold and dark and hunger, on and on. Couldn’t move, couldn’t talk to each other, and the temperature just kept dropping.”
“That wasn’t your present; your present’s in the garage,” Tony said.
These sorts of restaurants all catered to the rich and famous, but Tony was super-rich and super-famous, so there was no way—
“I think it’s one of his ways of looking after his team. You know, off the battle field.”
Steve gave another tiny nod; Tony gave him another kiss.
It was torturously, maddeningly slow.
“And what did you learn?”
Tony glanced out at the dance floor, and asked, “So, shall we dance or do you want to discuss my workshop safety protocols some more?”
.  (Oh God, please, please, please. . .)  Steve jerked back desperately onto Tony’s fingers, needing it harder, deeper, more.
“So,” Natasha said smiling (or perhaps smirking). “Dating?”
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
There was a long  pause, then Pepper asked in that wonderful, dry tone of voice: “Will you read the email?”
“Would you excuse me, Steve?”
Tony shook his head and tried to focus.  He could reread the para-aramid stats while he ate, then play with some cellular diagrams.  Maybe he could have a prototype within the week.
“Oh, right,” Tony said with a grimace, looking a little embarrassed. “I just didn't want you to be disappointed, if I couldn't, um--” He glanced down.
“That’s true,” Nat said calmly.  “But we’re talking about Tony.  He wasn’t an employee and we weren’t--” She paused.  “We weren’t a team yet.”
“Your projections usually are,” Tony said.  He reached up for Pepper’s favorite mug.
“Pfft,” Tony sniffed and waved a hand dismissively. “Clothes. You know I don’t care about that stuff. You decide. Or have Christina figure it out.”
“Yeah,” Tony murmured, throat tight. “I—I understand.”
Steve shook his head and let out a little chuckle.
“Nope! So, about my question--uh, what do Doms like for Valentine’s day?”
Steve nodded.  (Yes!  Anything . . . everything . . . please!)
“Did he go back to bed?” Tony asked.
“I’m not as good as you think I am,” Steve murmured.
Tony held his hand up and examined it for a moment, then shrugged saying, “Hand, gauntlet, whatever.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, with a bit of a smirk, leaning his hip against the railing, “I guess I have a bit, haven’t I?”
It was like Steve wasn’t even there. He wasn’t sure if he felt hurt or grateful.
Steve felt lighter as he stood in the little churchyard, enjoying the neat little rows of herbs and bushes, the labyrinth laid out in white and grey stones. He smiled and, after a few more minutes, crossed the street where his bike was waiting.
>>>>>
“Yeah, I get that,” Rhodey said, “But I offered to come with her, and she said no.”
There was something profoundly
“Don’t you want to come?” Tony asked in a sultry voice.
Jennifer designed that paper test for him, and Tony’d bet his Jennifer Chang against Prima Corp’s entire R&D Department any day.
“Certainly, Captain. 78 degrees?”
“You’ve improved,” Clint said, grabbing a towel. “You’ve got the Duke hold under control. A little more strength training would be good though. Might help you throw me after a Gibson.”
Tyrone was younger than Howard, of course, but they were somewhat of an era. Tony couldn’t help but wonder . . . (If Howard had lived . . . if he’d been there to see Tony’s finest inventions . . . if Mom had been there to guide him as he grew up and to help Howard onto the right path . . .)
“Uh, if you're in the middle of a psychotic break, I can come back later.”
. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony led the way, shoulders back, head held high.
“Shit.”
“Shake, shake, shake, shake it off,” Pepper joined him, waving her hands. They started laughing.
Rogers summoned the ninjas, who took seats side-by-side.  Tony started towards the table, then realized there was grease on his hands from engine tinkering.  Bruce was at the sink, so he went down the hall to wash his hands in the bathroom.  (What?  He’s an engineer, not a barbarian.)  When he got back, Bruce had plated the food and everyone was seated—except Rogers.  He was hovering and, as Tony approached,
“Great! Good. Sure. I’ll get started,” Bruce said, pushing his glasses up his nose. “Thanks. Uh, right. See you soon. Thanks for brunch, Steve.”
“Will you at least tell me if it went okay? I was starting to worry.”
Steve gave a gentle tug on the ropes, pulling him back even more.  Tony’s cock dripped and his thighs strained. Steve’s kisses grew rougher, more urgent.  He pulled at Tony’s bottom lip with his teeth.  (It was good, so good.)
“Exactly!” Tony exclaimed a little too loud, body virtually tingling with relief.
“Tones?” Rhodey’s voice was too loud, though obviously trying to be quiet. “Time for bed!”
it, feel the apology hovering on Tony’s lips.
Steve nodded again a little uncertainly, then added, “Okay.  If you’re sure.”  Steve let out something like a chuckled.  “Uh, I’m really sorry to come crashing in like that.  Must have looked like an idiot.  I didn’t mean to be so . . . dramatic.”
“Yeah,” Steve answered. He sounded more than a little breathless. He gently tipped Tony’s chin up and gave him a lingering kiss, but when Tony parted his lips Steve pulled back.
Pepper rolled her eyes.  “Honestly, Tony, you know you can’t distract me like that.  And you don’t even want to, so why do you bother trying?”
“Basketball?”
going to get fancy body armor?”
“So you’ve been spying on me?” Steve’s voice rose abruptly and his heart started racing again.
“I’m afraid I’ll step on your feet. But—” He reached for Tony’s hand and gave Tony a hesitant smile.
“If you’re already making changes . . .” Steve began hesitantly, frowning, “uh, do you think you could make it not quite so tight?” His voice lilted up hopefully.
UPDATE: Friendly reminder that I am explicitly asking not to receive concrit please.  Thank you so much!
“You okay, babe?” Tony asked softly. Steve jolted, obviously surprised. He let out a long sigh and scrubbed a fist across his face.
(Okay. Time to tackle that to-do list.)
(--‘orgasmic.’) Tony blinked. (Maybe use a different word . . .)
Tony shrugged and stepped aside to refill Clint’s mug.
Once Tony had attached a sheet of metal to another piece of what looked like metal tubing, he looked up.
“You really don’t need to—“
“No, don’t think so.  I’m really in the zone, you know?”  Tony bit his lip.  “But, uh, tell Cap thanks, would you?”  Bruce nodded, but Tony added, “No, seriously, make sure you do.  Big guy gets sensitive about the whole food and cooking and eating thing.”
She opened her mouth to speak, but Tony cut her off, hissing, “And
“See you next week!” Rhodey called out as Tony started to walk away. Tony just gave a distracted little wave and Rhodey chuckled. “Well, that's it. He’s going down the rabbit hole,” Rhodey added to Steve. “No prying him out once he's got War Machine to play with.”
Tony simultaneously loved and hated seeing Steve so nervous. He hated that it was detracting from a happy moment for Steve, that he felt stress on their date, that this wasn’t just like a happy hotdog run. But (selfishly) Tony loved it too: loved that Steve cared that much about their date going well (cared that much about him); loved seeing little Steve Rogers in black and white under all the glamorous muscles. Besides, this way he could be the one to calm Steve’s nerves (instead of being distracted by his own).
(Hoped if not expected.)
“We agreed,” Steve said, clearly tired of repeating the point, “that Bruce—and then the Hulk— should see us cooperating more first.”
“Without hesitation, sir.”
. Just hoping I didn’t do anything to embarrass myself.”
“The classic everything burger is clearly the way to go,” Clint insisted, “But I still want to try some of the chi-chi shit.”
Steve let go of his wrists and Tony knelt still, his palms raised in offering.
Bruce blinked owlishly, looked down, and then back up. He gave a sheepish smile. “Yeah,” Bruce said. “Kinda forgot about that. Okay. I’ll throw something on and meet you on the quinjet.”
“Yeah,” Tony said a little sheepishly, then shrugged, “but I didn’t want to dignify
Tony licked his lips.  “It’s . . . It’s ‘safeword.’”
“Okay,” Tony said, “I’ll introduce you to my A-teams next time. You’ll like them; they’re the best.” He grinned, then rubbed his hands together briskly.
Thanks for reading!  It's my birthday.  Birthday love?  Comments?  Stuff you liked?
With a sharp little turn, Tony kept Steve from bumping into the Dom who’d just strode towards them with purpose. He was a big, broad, muscle-clad mass; like a brunet version of Steve. (But nothing like Steve.) Gorgeous and he knew it. He tapped Steve on the shoulder and Tony brought them to a halt, letting the other couples glide past them.
“T—Tony, I’m sorry.  I—“
Steve’s heart leapt into his throat and his pulse raced.
“I’ve got you,” Tony murmured, then he stretched out on top of Steve bringing all that hot, delicious skin into contact with his own.  Steve threw his head back, panting and unable to hold still.  Their cocks rubbed together and Steve let out a cry. Tony was panting too.  He lifted his hips a little, denying Steve friction
“That’s a
Rogers scowled and changed the channel again.
“Tony?”
----------------------------------------------------------------
Tony looked at him quizzically. Steve sighed. “They weren’t very keen on returning my property,” he said crossly. “It took a little coaxing.”
"My job, Mr. Stark," she whispered, like it was an old joke, and her voice rough was rough and--
But it was too much. To hear the team training the next day and know he wasn’t welcome.
“Are you still going to the gala?”
Rogers snorted. “What are they going to do? Fire me? Tell the press I lied?” Rogers shrugged. “They were worried about PR and I’m pretty sure saving New York City was good PR—“ he said it with a grimace, “so why would they rock the boat? They’d be the ones making bad PR then.”
Tony’s scotch was rich—dark and peaty, exactly the way he liked it with just a drop of water to open the flavor. (Never ruin a fine malt with ice.) Tony shook his head.
and writing in his little notebook and I was terrified if I said the wrong thing SHIELD would lock me up instead of letting me go to active duty, when the chance to serve my country again was all I had to keeping me going!”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Oh!” Steve looked at him with pleased surprise, then murmured a breathless, “
Tony licked his lips—he could see Steve watching as he did it.
One by one Tony checked all the papers and sites that had covered the gala.
Bruce huffed. “It was
still has their parents. . . ) Rhodey nodded.
Two birds, one stone, and ‘bye-bye, Tony.”
“It’s routine for personnel on a military compound to be signed in and out, to have those things pre-approved,” Bruce said with a shrug. “We probably should have let them know.”
Tony found himself alone and, against all the odds, in positively high spirits. Harry Silverstein was a delight. (Seriously, how had nobody introduced them before?) Buoyed by their chat and the overwhelming normalcy of the evening, Tony found himself drifting from the bar to the stage.
“Tony,” she said, tone firm. “I know.”
There it was: a picture of him and the caption, “Thinks subspace is beneath him!”
“Well duh,” Clint cut him off, “but we watched
“See the thing is— Tony,” Clint began awkwardly.  “He seems invincible and he’s really loud about his whole sex-positive liberationism and casual stuff, but he’s--  That doesn’t mean--  Just, he’s not casual with people he’s close to.  Like Pepper—they’ve never! He’s not like that, ok? Tony wouldn’t start something casual with a teammate.”
“I’ll pick you up in the quinjet—super fast and environmentally friendly!
As always, infinite thanks to everyone who cheers me on with comments and my incomparable beta, thatwhichyields.
“I have to go back.” Rogers said apologetically. Tony didn’t know if he was relieved or disappointed.
“Huh?” Tony blurted, looking up abruptly.
“I believe the invitation was sincere, just—“ Steve hesitated. “It’s a lot of people, you know?”
Steve’s expression had slowly shifted from dismay (uh-oh) to amusement (better?). He started to chuckle.
“G’night, Tony,” Steve whispered, offering up a silent prayer of gratitude.  He pressed a little kiss to Tony’s shoulder.  “Love you.”
It was a warm quiet evening in the Great Swamp Wildlife Refuge, but Tony shivered a little looking at it. They were damn lucky the energy field had showed up somewhere isolated instead of some poor dude’s living room.  Then again, maybe it wasn’t luck.
try to make me eat salad. What’s going on?”
“Yes,
They all piled into the elevator. Tony bade Clint and Natasha a distracted ‘goodnight.’ When the elevator stopped at Bruce’s floor, he looked at Tony expectantly.
(Maybe Johnson had been onto something with the adaptors?  No—they’d have to adjust the electromagnetic radiation for that.  Hm.  The numbers Tony had given them earlier should really have solved the problems. . . . what if . . .)
“We’ll talk later,” Tony said with a resigned sigh, but Cap had that stubborn look on his face, confused and frustrated. He didn’t look like somebody keen to wait. Tony cast about for a means of escape.
“Yeah,” he said, shrugging it off as he took another sip of cocoa.  “I guess so.  The key will be using nanoconductors as the mechanism of the signal processing, then creating a temporary feedback loop.  Bruce keeps saying that we need to use transceivers—sure, maybe, but the first thing we need to do is figure out how to lock onto the target and eliminate interference.”
“Yeah.”  Tony sighed.  Pepper waited silently, but Tony couldn’t make himself say it out loud.  He was sick of trying to explain Liberationism 101 to thick-skulled Doms.  It was exhausting and usually pointless since they either already got it or wouldn’t fucking
Tony's fingernails bit into his palms; he was panting.
“What’s with this ‘layover’ bullshit anyway, Rhodey?” Tony demanded as Rhodes took out the now-frosted glasses. “If you’d just fly the suit I made you, you could stay till tomorrow and still beat the rest of them there.”
(Right.  So, check all the attachments, then when Bruce gets the AC-23s we can--)
Steve frowned.  (Did I--?)  Steve shrugged it off.  (I told him I love him no matter what.)  He called up memories of Tony: his eyes bright with lust and affection; the thickness in his voice as he gave orders; the way his eyes had lingered on Steve’s bound wrists.  (
“JARVIS?” he gasped, hating the sound of his voice echoing off the concrete.
Clint Barton had experienced some very strange and very awkward breakfasts in his life. So to say this one was the worst (though not the most dangerous) was no small claim. It was like walking into an episode of The Twilight Zone.
“We’re an ambitious company, though,” Belford continued, “And still growing. Actually, we’d like to enter the medical technology markets.”
(Oh.)
Finally, the team had demolished the food and started putting their plates in the dishwasher and thanking Steve.
do to keep someone he cared for, someone he loved?  (Oh God.)
“—and water expands!  If the water levels rose like that in New York and then froze, all the buildings would collapse because--”
“Steve? You’ve got plenty of control, ok?”
Tony frowned. “What is this? Some ‘love means never having to say you’re sorry’ bullshit?”
THANK YOU!
Steve’s fist clenched; he snapped the pencil in half. “Don’t make excuses for me!”
Rhodey brought Tony sandwiches and junk food, and he goofed off with Dummy and You. He asked questions about War Machine’s repairs and upgrades; they argued about the guns—as usual, by rote. Rhodey tried to lure Tony from the workshop, but didn’t force the issue.
But then again, who on earth could have predicted Captain America would return from the dead?
Thank you so much for joining me!  Hope you liked it. :-)
With that, Mrs. Rhodes turned back to her piecrusts.
“Okay. Later!”
Steve hastened to add, tone urgent, “I mean, if you felt that way--about waiting I mean--I’d
“Yes, sir,” Rogers answered, all military.  His tone was clipped, brisk. “It’s unreasonable to ask your officers to accept assessment without clearly delineated criteria for that assessment.  There has to be a contract in place, with clear expectations on both sides.”
“Captain Rogers?” a voice called out, light and musical.
(Dinner?) Tony blinked. (Oh! Oh.
Belford stepped a little closer. His cologne was expensive—Versace’s Masterful for Men—but applied with too heavy a hand. Tony took a step back and a sip of his G&T. Belford angled himself closer into Tony’s space again. When Tony glanced up to look around the ballroom, he found Rogers’ eyes fixed on him, but as soon as he made eye-contact Rogers looked away suddenly. His expression was blank. Or perhaps it was a slight frown. Tony couldn’t tell, but he didn’t like it. And maybe the NYT’s gossip columnist—Scott or Sanders or whoever wrote their trash now—was watching him too.
Phillips shook his head.  "I was mistaken."  He turned back to Steve.  "That's all, Steven," Phillips said. "You may go."
“What do you think, baby?” Tony said throatily.  “Can you take another?”
Katie blinked, then said slowly, “I didn’t.”
“You’re not making any fucking sense,” Clint snapped.
“Tony?” Steve said, pulling back again.  Tony chased after him, eager to keep kissing, but Steve had moved out of reach.  “You can safeword or check in any time, ok?  You don’t have to wait for me to ask.”
“Still think it’s cheating for Tony to use the suit,” Bruce grumbled.
“You love me back though,” he said coaxingly, giving her his best doe eyes.
Steve checked the meter and handed over a bunch of bills. “Keep the change.”
“O my America! my new-found-land,--”
(Oh fuck! Fuck, Steve was actually— He was really--) Steve gave a firm, deliberate suck to his cockhead and Tony lost his train of thought.
Steve smiled. “Love you too.”
Behind him, Tony heard the elevator doors open and the voices of his teammates. They went quiet when they saw the conference call. Tony turned to wave at them as Linda followed up.
Clint couldn’t help it--he laughed.  (Yeah.  That sounds just like Tony.) Steve frowned at him--(Seriously, Captain Dour?)-- but then what Nat said seemed to sink in and his lips twitched up too.  He even looked kinda proud for a moment before returning his attention to Nat.
(Shit! Don’t blush!)
“Oh, I’m quite well,” she said lightly.  “Arthritis acting up a little, but nothing to complain about.  You?”
Cap shook his head, frowning. “No. I disagree. We should present a united front. If we add Iron Man to the team late, it will look like he’s not ranked the same as the others. Like he didn’t make first cut.”
“But,” Sylvia added, with an amused smile, “I trust you’ll understand if there are questions I decline to answer. Your reputation precedes you—I’m hardly going to give you the opportunity to engineer it yourself after the gala, when I’m very much hoping to make a deal with Ms. Potts.”
“What happened?” he asked.
Clint was staring at him in something akin to shock and actually took a step back when Tony jabbed a finger at him. “Not to mention that Adams played it for laughs! As if being raped to save your friends’ lives is
“Care to elaborate a bit, Stars and Stripes? ‘Cause I still don’t see how that helped.”
(They were headed home.) He shuddered with anticipation, then frowned. (Shit! He hadn’t given Steve a contract! It had seemed too forward, but--)
(Shit. Uh…)
“Excuse me?” Captain Rogers said, though he was starting to sound more stiff than confused.
“Sorry, Tony,” Bruce mumbled, starting to pull away. Tony held on tight.
(Predictable.)
like the problem child here. I kinda
First edition published November, 1992, by Jay J. Wiseman
“S—Steve?” he repeated.
Steve looked part hopeful, part skeptical. (Definitely leaning towards the skeptical.)
Tony swallowed and nodded, then answered properly: “Yes, Steve.”
Tony’s heart leapt; he licked his lips.
might be the problem?” Pep asked softly.
Tony, I thought you were in a meeting for SI.
“I’ll be good!”
Tony nodded. (Yeah, okay, that was maybe a little manipulative, but whatever. He wasn’t above using all the tools in his box.)
Steve blushed again and smiled.  “Yeah.  Good idea.  I’ll get the check.”
(Oh, right.  Words. Out loud.)
“Good!”  Steve’s expression brightened, then he looked a little sheepish, “Though, uh, the ceiling in the gym was a little low for what we were working on.  We got a pretty high launch going.  I think we might need to work outside next time.”
“This again?  Dude, the guns are dope--”
When Tony turned, he found himself looking up at another Hollywood handsome doppelganger. Like what’s his name. That Agent.
“Sometimes, I hate it here so much,” Rogers mumbled against his knees. He looked up at Tony and said, voice wrecked, “Everything is supposed to be
Tony held in a sigh.
Tony could grab a nap on his workshop couch.  He’d done it plenty of times before.
I really hope you liked it!  (Some of you totally called Steve's virginity. :)  And, hey, if you wanted to leave a little anniversary present for me... maybe comments?  Maybe let me know if there as a bit you liked best?  (This remains my predictable obsession.)
“Uh, hi, Tony,” Steve said.  “I didn’t realize you were here.”
"No?" Tony jeered. "Why not? Already fucked me once. Why not again?" He looked pointedly to Steve's bulging crotch. "You want it. Want to take my tight ass--use me like a whore, feel my heat around your dick."
Steve grinned.  “Good morning!”
Tony sucked in a sharp breath.  (Shit.  Rhodey really could have-- )  Tony scowled and bit his lip in concentration. (So, improved evasive maneuvers and dummy targets to throw off their locking systems. And maybe an emergency reverse EMP to take them out on the ground?)  Tony tapped thoughtfully at the arc reactor.  (Or maybe--)
Rhodey’d had to go soon—family stuff again—but he rang off with a soft “good to see you so happy, Tones” that made Tony blush again.
.” His eyes were bright as he looked down at Tony, standing close with his arm still around Iron Man’s shoulders.  “
“I guess lots of people did, but I never expected that.” Steve looked sad. “I mean, I hoped for some of it but . . . I wasn’t exactly . . .” He shrugged and shook his head again, then fell silent, looking down at his hands folded on the table. There was something distant and melancholy in the gesture; Tony hated it.
“Science isn’t a verb,” Bruce said softly, then ran over to the console.
“Answer me.”
“Thank God!” Steve said with a wry smile. “Don’t know what I’d do if that had changed too.”
(Don’t kneel platonically with other Doms or Switches. Alone. When their Dominant isn’t around.  And doesn’t know about it...)
“Nah, nothing wrong with your cooking,” Tony said, trying not to sound peevish. “But whatever. Anyway, I was headed to the workshop. Later!”
Steve looked at him with a tender, almost wistful smile and murmured very softly, “For love . . . makes one little room an everywhere.”
Tony stood in the middle of the common room like a maestro, surrounded by the glowing screens of his videoconference call: Linda Preston and Jonathan Chen from legal on the left, Katherine Winters and Michael Nguyen from PR on the right.
.”  Tony laughed and did figure eights around the gym.
“Really?”
Before Tony could even realize that
In the end, Steve and Tony were the last to arrive.
“Thank
“Ok.”
clutched in his hand. He looked wretched and panicked.  It wasn’t a look Tony had seen often; it was one he’d be glad never to see again. Tony cleared his throat.
Bruce was still talking, the sound muffled a little now that Tony was under the adjustor.  “I hope you don’t mind me speculating about the Captain.  It did seem worth mentioning, right?”
sleep.)
Steve swallowed and licked his lips.  “T—Two.”
Bright and early on day four—after creating seventy-nine altered hypotheticals—Tony ran out of coffee. (Unacceptable.) Also he was vaguely aware that he probably hadn’t eaten since Mrs. Rhodes left. (In fact, nobody had brought him coffee since Pepper. . . and that was a day ago! Where was Steve? )
----------------------------
Tony was sorely tempted to avoid Rogers after the Guilty Omelet Incident, but he found he was unwilling to cut himself off from time with the team.  Or, rather Bruce and Clint.  (Natasha he wouldn’t mind avoiding.)
, two, three;
“But,” Steve frowned, “you hate it.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Come on, man.
“Maybe it’s peaceful?” Bruce said uncertainly.
(Fuck.  Maybe as
in an unplanned outpouring that had felt utterly unstoppable, like a dam breaking.  Just twelve days ago, in those sleek uncomfortable armchairs on the other side of this vast room.  (“It’s called open floor-plan, Capsicle.”)  And now Steve knew.  (Tony loves me.)  He’d risked everything and won.  (Thank God.)  It still didn’t feel entirely real.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony gave him another kiss, chaste and gentle.  Steve panted into it.  Tony left soft kisses all over his face, gently massaging his scalp.  Steve tried not to fidget.  (Be still.  Be good.)
“Okay, Steve!  Can you just hold that steady while I screw in these bolts?”
“Excellent choices,” the server said with a smile, “And I’ll bring the wine right out to you, gentlemen.”
Tony checked the wiring on his left gauntlet.
“It was a good date, baby,” Tony murmured into his ear.  Steve let out a pleased little hum.  Tony kissed and nipped at his exposed neck. Tony’s hands stroked lower, pressing at the base of his skull for a few pleasurable moments before he looped his arms around Steve at his waist.  Tony pressed closer and reached up to unclasp the collar of Steve’s motorcycle jacket, then slowly unzipped it, peeling the supple leather away from Steve’s chest.  Tony reached inside to caress Steve through his shirt, then bit down on his neck and tweaked his nipples.  Steve arched and gasped, pressing back against Tony’s body.  The sound of Steve’s moans echoed loudly in the garage.
Steve poured himself coffee and went to sit at the counter.
“Hell yeah! Maybe
And maybe some people would have found it weird he put Steve next to Rebecca and Sam, but, well, Tony’d been friends with them before he’d ever hooked up with them and he wasn’t about to throw that away.  And he knew that Steve would like Rebecca.
“Thanks,” Bruce said. “Would you like a hand with that, Tony?”
“I can’t think of anything more wonderful than waking up like this. With you,” Steve said softly.
Thanks so much for reading!  Hope you enjoyed!
“A vulgar way of phrasing it, but not entirely inaccurate.” She waved a hand dismissively and finished her drink. “But he’d want to make it good for you. And he would
“Well,” Bruce began, “what we know for sure is that none of these portals have been the same. The first three appearances were in the same—genre? type? class?” He shook his head. “Whatever we call it, those first three all look related. Each instance was an intensification of the original traits. For one thing, gamma radiation and reactor diffusion. But the energy disturbance on Thanksgiving and now today are radically different.”
“Tony?” Pep repeated softly. He hated to see her nervous—it made him worry what she might say next. “Would you like me to— I mean, could I hold you?”
As they kissed, Steve ran his hands across Tony’s shoulders, then down his arms and up again. Steve stroked Tony’s collarbone with his thumbs. Large warm hands skimmed Tony’s chest, his abs, his hips, then up again to his shoulders. The light touches made Tony shiver; Steve’s kiss grew more ardent in response.
Tony swallowed. His eyes flicked over to the text, key remarks bolded in large font:
to hold him, that holding him could be a comfort to her.
Tony drummed his fingers on his workbench. Maybe he’d go check on Bruce in his lab, where Bruce pretended that he wasn’t still looking for a way to eliminate the Hulk. (Tony played along and pretended not to know, because he was nice like that.) Tony considered it for a few moments, but decided he was too fidgety for anyplace with test tubes.
“We have a threat level three-- unknown energy signatures just outside New York.  Now do you want to focus on that?”  Tony settled comfortably into his chair, kicking off his shoes under the table.  Fury added, “Energy signatures that look like a cross between gamma radiation and arc reactor diffusion.”
“Tony?” Steve called into the workshop. “Knock, knock?”
“Hey, Rhodey, are you okay?” Tony asked urgently, stomach still in knots.
Natasha took the big armchair; Tony noticed her knitting things in a bag at her feet. Clint and Bruce were side by side on the couch and Steve took a seat at the far end, leaving room for Tony. His heart gave a little jump as he looked at the space at Steve’s feet. He swallowed.
“Yes, I realize that.” They stood awkwardly for a moment before Ms. Potts said, “I was looking for Bruce?”
Hope you liked it!  I found it pretty hard to write.  I wanted to do more media coverage, but it got too depressing and then the chapter was getting long and, well, here we are.  I'm definitely looking forward to happier chapters ahead!
“Pepper, you give that tablet back,
Pepper sighed.  “Thanks, Tony.  You’re so sweet to me.”
“Yeah?”
Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand, twined their fingers together, then kissed Tony’s knuckles. He smiled softly, the sweet intimate smile Tony doubted other people had ever seen. “I won’t be . . . I don’t want to be
Rogers nodded. “I read up on it and . . . other things while I was—“ he hesitated, “catching up.” Rogers shook his head.  “But if he’d already broken your arm or . . . or worse . . . I don’t see how that’s much help.”
Tony watched as Steve and Francesca lingered, looking at each other, a matching wistfulness on their faces, lost in memories of two people they’d both lost. After a few moments, Francesca shook herself a little.
Steve backed out of the room before Tony could notice him.
(I hate hearing you cough like that—reminds me of being sick, the pain in my chest. I was always sick. Before.)
: I love you too. They’re calling me now though.
They opened their menus and Tony was pleased to see a traditional Italian menu: antipasti, primi, secondi, contorni, and dulci. (Maybe the risotto for primo, then--)
. . . of Agents down. Police. First responders. Spiders were escaping the perimeter and terrorizing residential districts—casualties unknown. The suit was getting dangerously low on power. Rhodey’d be there soon to take over aerial support. Widow’d gone radio silent, so who knew how she was. The National Guard still hadn’t arrived. Clint’s ankle was broken.
“Very well, Dr. Banner,” JARVIS answered in an entirely neutral tone.
Belford added in a self-deprecating tone, “I may not work for a company with my name in it—yet—and I may not fight aliens on the side, but,” he smiled and leaned a little closer, “I may still be able to surprise you.” He shrugged, then added, “If you’ll let me.”
“I’m glad,” Bruce said. “They, uh, seemed good.”
“Well, good,” Pepper said, nodding.  “And I’ll be there too. Do you want to ride over together?”
Tony waved his hands in frustration. “You are the best Domina and liberationist I know, so don’t even,” Tony said, a little more harshly than he’d meant to. He added more softly, “But, no, I won’t tell them. Not because there’s anything wrong with it, but because it’s private, you know?”
.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Good boy.”  Tony kissed him again, warm and gentle.  “I’m going to untie you now, baby.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“I wanted to,” Tony said, abruptly finding his tongue.  “I wanted to,” he repeated emphatically.
) about Rogers’ motives at first, but apparently Tony’d started trusting Rogers (at least a little) without even noticing it. If Rogers was trying to play him, the man deserved an Academy Award—and Tony didn’t think he had it in him, either the maliciousness or the acting abilities.
“Yes, sir.”
“Can I help?”
“I think it would be good for you,” Tony said gently, then almost winced. (Ugh. That came out all wrong. Patronizing and just . . . ew.)
“Sir? As requested, I’m alerting you that Captain Rogers is approaching the workshop.”
“No, no don’t. It’s fine. Wasn’t so bad, really,” Tony said, suddenly self-conscious. (Jesus, it was decades ago. Poor little rich kid.) “And Mom was great.”
“I could, but I won’t.  Now what do you want?”
(Shit.)
Steve pulled Tony close, nuzzling that spot where neck meets shoulder, murmuring ‘I love you’s against Tony’s skin.  Tony swallowed heavily, carding his fingers through Steve’s hair.
The king nodded with pleasure, then his eyes flicked down to Tony's . . . adornments.  He blushed again.
Dummy offered him the tennis ball. Tony smiled and gave it a gentle toss.
Tony shooed him over to the couch. “Singha or Sam Adams.”
“Sure are.”
(Use me . . . take me, take your pleasure . . .)
Chapter 9
“You send me the nicest presents,” Pepper teased.
Rhodey mouthed. Tony nodded and reached up to squeeze the man’s hand for a moment.
Tony checked his watch.  An hour and twenty minutes-- Flowers on Fifth knew their shit.
Steve’s pace was sweet torture. He’d suck Tony a while, soft and slow, then pull off his dick to smile up at him. Kiss his thighs, his hips. Nose at his balls and the sensitive spot behind them. Then back to sucking cock with a lazy pleasure Tony had never seen in a Dom before. Then, he’d draw away again, leaving Tony gasping and whining.
Tony was still in the hospital—
so we’ve been hanging out, watching an episode or two in the evening with take-out. Bruce too. And the others a little. It’s . . . nice.”
Steve’s hands were shaking.
“Oh, that,” King Steven said, looking embarrassed, as he clambered off of his throne and led Tony to two carved chairs by the great hearth. “I’m afraid that story is getting quite out of hand.”
Tony was a futurist, but not when it came to people. He couldn’t predict what would happen between them.
“No.”
“Steve?”
Tony flailed about for a few seconds, looking for the right words, but Steve continued.
Steve paused then added a little hesitantly, “I started something new in the studio.”
Bruce took another Bishop.
“Of course you can!” Tony cried, starting to get excited. “And it’s good practice. It’s the weekend. Just come out here and
spots—he wanted someplace that wasn’t already a team place.  So it would feel like a
Steve frowned down at his bowl, then sighed and started cutting the chicken into bites at the counter.
“Nope! Just an oven,” Tony assured her, “But if you wanted a special oven and could describe—“
Tony wiggled closer. “Sleepin’,” he protested. (Mmm. Rhodey pillow.)
Over the next few days, Tony and Bruce worked on the spectrometer and Tony found himself almost, well,
Steve could feel his eyes starting to prickle again.  (No, damn it!)
*goes off to work on chapter 58*
“Ok, that was tasteless and I’m sorry,” Tony said. “This is me apologizing.”
“Or Christine in statistics; she’d would be thrilled to go,” Natasha was saying to Steve as Tony turned the corner into the kitchen.  They were sitting together at the formal dinning table, a tea pot and teacups between them. Steve shook his head emphatically.
“What happened?”
“Just a sec . . . okay.  Sure. What’s up?”
(Fuck those assholes. Who fucking cares?)
better person to set you up. I know all the best people!” The shock faded from Steve’s face, and his brow creased. He looked away.
“Good to see you,” he mumbled into her shoulder.
“And none of your business,” Tony said and threw his hands up.
"You're smart, kid," Phillips said, then added with a grimace.  "Apart from the disguise attempts, that is."  He took a long sip of wine.  "You're bright.  Determined. Patriotic.  I might be able to give you a chance."
confused, shouldn’t be allowed to call me a whore.”
(Of course, technically, as the first and only Agent Tony’d ever subbed for—before Dom started the damn bet—Agent Ishida could have claimed the glorious title years ago. But because he was a fucking class act he’d never said a word.)
(No time to obsess!)
“Good thing you don’t seem to mind going backwards,” Steve said with a grin.  “First date after first—“ he hesitated, glancing around, “-- *other things.*”  Steve took a sip of his beer then set it down suddenly.  He leaned forward.  He was blushing but mostly just looking curious as he asked: “Tony, do you think I’m still a virgin?”
“Ah!” Steve broke away with a little gasp, then clutched Tony close.
. Steve.)
“If they can’t, then all the calculations on this device are off and it won’t matter anyway,” Tony answered. The suit was climbing fast, everything in Central Park shrinking below him.  “I’ll take it through, make adjustments, and close the portal.”
“I wasn’t in the right mood.”
“We’ve got you,” Deetz whispered. Rebecca nodded then nuzzled Tony’s neck.
“Really well,” Johnny said.  “The twins just turned two.”
(I don’t hate you. Thanks for the space, but, hey, let’s be friends.)
Steve wasn’t showing any overt signs of distress anymore, not like he had been. Now he looked self-conscious.
respect that! But . . .” Steve shrugged. “You don’t see any reason not to, as I understand it and, well, I don’t
Steve frowned at that.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
, I’d only have eyes for him.  Sorry! Have a fantastic day!”)
Natasha frowned and turned back to her book.
It was salt in the wound that Tony’d been considered and rejected for the Avengers.
He’d pictured how it might be. Maybe Stark would have JARVIS call him—“Captain? You’re needed in the kitchen.”—but when he'd get there it would just be Stark--Tony?--grinning his cocky grin, with a giant pizza. "Hey, you said you don't hate pizza!" And they’d eat pizza and maybe watch the next of those “Back to the Future” pictures while Stark did something incomprehensible with his tablet. And it would be nice. They wouldn't fight. (And maybe later they—)
“And, hey grab me one too, would ya, Steve?” Rhodey asked. “I’m feeling too lazy for the hike to the kitchen.”
And there was no point explaining that it wasn’t money that had brought Rogers to him either.
Tony groaned.  “I really shouldn’t have started this, should I? You’re never going to change my mind, you know.  Really I should blame myself—I thought showing you hokey old
(Shit! Not you, uh—)
Pepper gasped, mouth dropping open in shock for a moment, before she grinned and reached across the table.
And why did Tony suddenly feel like he’d been lying that morning?
“Can’t I just surprise you?”
“Of course, sir.”
about it that he pushed and pecked until he ended up yelling, but Pepper (God bless her!) yelled back because he wasn’t fucking fragile.
“Uh,” Tony said, “everything okay there, Cap?”
Infinite thanks to thatwhichyields, my beloved beta!  So glad she's back from the wilderness beyond the internet...  :-)
Maybe he’d go to the library.
With a warm smile, Steve let himself be dragged out into the cold.
Deetz laughed. “Only if you ask nicely, Tony.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>.>>>>>>
(Only literally . . . and you interrupted!)
The arc reactor, in itself, was beautiful. It was a virtual miracle of engineering, wrought from pain and his own raw genius. The design was elegant, the blue of its glow arresting. It was the way it interrupted his chest (sudden, unnatural), the jagged ridges of scars that cried out—though it was beautiful—‘this doesn’t belong here.’
I truly TRULY could not have written over 200K and stuck with this story for over 4 years without your mad, loving supportive generosity.  YAY! And THANK YOU!
Tons and tons of love to everyone who has stuck with me for all this time and a warm welcome to any new readers!
“No, I’m sorry,” Steve said hastily. “My mistake.”
Howard told Tony that even when Captain America was frail, even when he wasn’t Captain America yet, he was a real Dom because he was always brave, assertive, and confident; he never backed down, even without the physical strength to back it up.  That kind of inner strength marked him as a real Dom; muscles were overrated.
“Give me one good reason not to hang up on you and go straight back to sleep.”
Natasha’s heart twisted, but she glared just the same.
“Hey,” Tony said, smiling.
(Steve!)
Tony jolted awake abruptly—he’d fallen asleep at his workbench again.
(No. Focus.)
“Good dancer,” Steve clarified.
—an older, more experienced man to guide and teach him.  (At least in some things . . . Well, okay, really just the one thing.)   And he
Finally Rogers said, “I’m sorry, I still don’t . . .” He shook his head, then asked, “Can’t we be different, but equal?”
“Okay, why doesn’t Bruce get shushed when
In the silence that followed, Steve let out a long, deep sigh, a tension he’d hardly noticed finally leaving his body.  Tony let out a little snuffling noise and shifted slightly on his shoulder.  Steve held perfectly still.  Tony swore he slept like the dead once he fell asleep, but Steve hated to move and disturb him.  They could sit, just like this, a little longer.
“Yeah. Can I come back?”
It was fun. Ridiculously fun. A timeless childhood pastime.
“Really?” Bruce murmured. There were more and more SHEILD agents in the hallway.  Tony doubted it was a coincidence.
Tony felt a shudder of revulsion overtake his body; happily, it was concealed by his suit.
“Excuse me?” Tony nearly jumped at the sound of Captain America’s voice.  He’d totally forgotten the guy was hovering right there.  “Does this mean that you know what that thing is?”
“Oh!” Mikie said. “That’s sweet of you to invite us. I--” Katie nudged him and give him a look. “But, uh,” he said, “No. We have work to finish up here.”
“The Bite’s perfect.”  Natasha said it softly, seriously, and took a step closer.  Tony fell silent.  He picked up his screwdriver back up; he’d put it down when he saw her reflection on You’s shiny surface.
“Sorry. I shouldn’t be hard on them,” Steve said, “They’re so
“Did you want some breakfast?” Cap offered again, setting his newspaper down. “I ate a while ago, but could make something.”
Tony stood, staring up at Steve, trying to remember to breathe.
Sorry I’m so rambly!  Really hope you liked it!  Thanks so much for reading!
Steve blinked. “What crown?”
“So, look,” Clint began, “I get that you’ve had a lot of adjusting to do.  To the twenty-first century.”  (As if Cap might need clarification on that.)  “It must be disorienting.”
“Looks like it’s . . . good?” Bruce said, a little tentatively.
“Great! Good.” Steve smiled at him. “Good night, Tony.”
With a brain like Tony’s, mere physical stature wouldn’t matter, especially in a rapidly evolving modern society.  Tony’d be able to project his dominance no matter what.  It didn’t matter that Howard’s son was small.  He’d be a good Dom anyway.
It was night, the city a glimmering of lights in the darkness far below. The others had all gone to some gala something-something hours ago, but Steve had declined the invitation so he was on his own in the Tower.
Well. That was weird.
Tony hadn’t realized how worried he’d been until Pepper caved and he felt like sinking down in relief. “Great. I’ll have it ready for the big conference in Berlin. Their security isn’t as bad as Milan’s but it--”
Tony threw back his scotch.  And this,
Neither of them moved.
“I never wanted a wife and kids. Never expected I’d find a husband either, but—” He looked wistful, turning his gaze away, expression distant. “But when I hoped, I hoped for this special fella. Smart, strong, self-sufficient. Somebody who wouldn’t have wanted to stay home, even if I coulda supported him; somebody who
Thanks for reading!  Hope you liked it!  Kind words cherished and adored.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony glared at the glowing screens, his concentration shot to hell, his eyes burning.
As Tony shuffled into the shared kitchen, he was surprised to see Steve wearing his full Captain America gear, bent over the dinning room table. It was covered with files, papers, a tablet, and his laptop. Tony blinked. Steve was scowling down at something, left hand clenching a steaming mug.
“I was wondering--” Steve bit his lip, “-- would you mind not telling anybody about it yet? Especially Tony? I'll tell him myself, but I think I might wait and see how things are going. Just, 'cause, you know . . .” Steve flapped his hand awkwardly, “. . . he's so good at this stuff.”
Some of Steve’s tension seemed to ease away.
“Wait, it’s refreshing 54 times
“Feeling nostalgic?”
“Have you ever Hulked out with Betty?”
“You always up at the ass crack of dawn like this?” Tony asked her.
“You’re the bravest person I know,” Pepper told him in a gentle murmur. Tony pressed his face closer to her stomach and closed his eyes. He didn’t answer—he didn’t have to when they were like this.
More angry rustlings, a mechanical whirr soon aborted.
“There’s another chess board,” Natasha offered, looking up from her book. “I’m sure you could multitask.”
Rogers stood stock-still. His eyes were very blue and very wide as he looked down at Tony reaching up to untie the tie. Tony swallowed—he’d forgotten how intimate it felt to tie a man’s tie for him. Rogers was holding his breath.
Of course they spun it around, like he’s some liberatioNazi Dom-wanna-be who scorns subspace and his fellow subs. (Fucking assholes.) But he couldn’t exactly explain without telling them--
Phillips tilted his head.  "Are you . . .?"
“Hey, Jarvis?” Tony called. “Get Jackie on the phone. Tell him I’ll get him two tickets to the gala and my best gossip if he can squeeze me in today.”
Steve took a deep breath and knelt on the floor beside the bed. He did a few breathing exercises to relax and tried to let his throat go loose and open. Then he tipped the cup and tried to let a little bit of water slide down his throat without swallowing. It worked! Encouraged, he tried again, but was overconfident and ended up swallowing to avoid choking. (Don’t get cocky, Rogers.) Steve snorted. (
“Excuse me?” A plump, attractive, and very Italian looking woman in her late forties approached, wearing the white apron of a chef.  “Please forgive the interruption. I, uh--- How is everything this evening?”
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” Steve said, getting to his feet when he realized the seating was full. “Please take my seat.”
And without any looks or fuss or remarks about Steve and Tony, all cuddled up on the couch, the rest of the team gathered the dishes, started the dishwasher, and bade each other quiet good nights.
Tony tied the tie deftly with nimble fingers, then quickly took a step back.
“It’s really nice to live someplace a bit more homey,” Rogers added.  “I’m grateful.”
A Text Conversation:
The next time Rogers came to the lab, Tony was alone again.  The Captain was wearing khaki slacks, a blue button-down shirt, and a brown leather bomber jacket.  Tony couldn’t help sneaking another look while pretending to work on his tablet at the console; the man was
“Shit. I should call Katie Winters. I should have called her first. I’m an Avenger! What was I thinking? We work together!”
Steve kicked off.
(Oh for fuck’s sake!)
“We could play poker,” Natasha suggested.
Thanks for all your support and kindness!
(Oh right.)
“Gentlemen,” Captain America said. “If you’d like to get some rest, I’m sending half the force back to HQ.  The rest of us will stay here in the event the anomaly returns and proves hostile.”
Steve stroked his cheek.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, tone flat.
“Thanks,” Tony said.  “Good night!”
“Good night, Tony,” Steve sighed.  (And that sounded a lot like contentment, didn’t it?)
“On the communal floor, Sir.”
“Hey, JARVIS, you helped Rogers back to his floor right?”
Thank you for reading!
“Well done, Iron Man,” Steve said as he landed.
The next photo was from the gala; he knew the exact moment. (“
a disappointment.”
Happy new year!  Thanks so much for reading! :-)
Tony shrugged. “Okay. Thanks, Pep. But you should go. I, uh, need to work on the suit.”
After a few long moments, Tony gave up on explaining it and just gave a casual shrug and a smile.
“Tony?  Are you awake?”  (And, was there something eager and impatient about Steve’s voice, even whispering that quietly?)  Steve squirmed against him, fidgeting around in Tony’s arms. (Hel-lo and good morning, morning erections!)
“You’re always good for me,” Steve said softly. He shifted his fingers around inside Tony’s hot channel, spreading, questing . . .
“Dr. Banner, Mr. Stark,” Captain America said right behind them.  “Glad to see you.”
And, every now and then, if Tony was a little distracted and took out his tablet to deal with a few little things before getting back to work . . . well, Bruce certainly didn’t complain.
Rogers smiled, gave Tony a warm “feel better,” and took his leave.
Standing right in front of Steve, Tony slowly slipped his belt free of his trousers and wrapped the wide, supple leather loosely around his hand before shucking his trousers and kicking them aside.  Steve licked his lips.  Tony’s cock was hard and flushed, jutting from his body only a foot from Steve’s mouth.  He wanted to ask for permission to suck Tony’s cock, wanted to beg for another lesson, but he couldn’t bear to break the silence, so instead he just stared up at Tony.  Waiting.
“You thought of me as an equal,” Tony said, tone reassuring. “The implications of your vestigial gallantry notwithstanding. I know that now, so—water under the bridge.”
“Brucie bear!”
For three days, Bruce didn't leave his room. The rest of the team rehashed old training exercises without him. Clint called him "asshole," instead of "Stark" or "Tony." (At least he did until Steve caught him at it and snapped for him to "Knock it off, goddamn it." After that it was always "Iron Man" in a tone that still meant
Before Tony could explain, Steve said mildly, “Don’t you think it’s a little mean to call your pet robot names?”
“You did it, Tony,” she said, then repeated, “You closed the portal.”
“Do you think you can talk about it?”  Tony asked.  (It?)  Steve thought back, sifting through memories (beautiful, perfect, amazing) of last night.  Had he done something wrong?  (No—Tony had said the opposite: “so perfect . . . so good for me. . . good boy. . .”) Steve flushed with embarrassment as he remembered crying all over Tony, then jolted.  (Oh shit!)
They must have made a funny sight, arms loaded with presents making repeat trips up the front steps of Magdalene house: Tony in his Burberry greatcoat and scarf; Steve in a sensible (not designer) navy pea coat, with the shield strapped to his back.
“Yes,” Tony answered decisively.
“Tony, uh,” Steve began awkwardly.  He could feel Tony brace, as if for a blow.  “I really don’t know.  I—you’re talking about the crying thing, right?  Yeah.  Sorry about that.  I--”
