Tony laughs. “Exactly how many of these do you need?”
“No, because I didn’t read it,” Tony assures him, watching Steve carefully to see if anything gives. “Aside from the fact that most of it is probably in Russian and translating from a hardcopy is a bitch, I wouldn’t look over it without you here. I know what this means to you.”
However, he believes Tony when he says it’s his last night of leave because he kisses like a man who’s been to war and is heading back. At least, Steve thinks so. Or maybe Tony just kisses well, kisses normal, and knows what he’s about because he’s done it more than Steve’s sad handful of times. Which has to be pathetically evident with how Steve fumbled with his keys and over the threshold, the way his nose squashed against Tony’s again and again before he finally got the angle right. Now, Tony’s got him pressed against the door with a grip on his hips and a kiss so thorough and deep, Steve feels it in his toes.
“This is moot anyway,” Rhodey says. He tips his half-finished beer to Tony’s right. “Your boy’s got it.”
“Not too often, no. My, um, spunk tends to work well enough. I leak a lot.”
Surrounded by his motley cast of teammates, the place feels full. Nursing a cold beer and pressed against Steve’s warm side, Tony really couldn’t ask for more. That is, until Thor rests his hammer in the middle of the coffee table and Tony can’t deny that he’s always wanted a chance at that.
“It makes perfect sense. But you’re still you, Peter. You’re not separated from who you are. It’s like,” Steve pauses, frowning. He's so desperate not to bungle this. “Being fragmented. There are pieces of you that’s everyone who you ever loved and who loved you. They’re scattered right now but they come back together because nothing can take them away from you. They stick with you. They're permanent. May will always be a part of you. Nothing will ever change that. I promise you.”
Propped on his elbows above Tony, Steve hesitates before continuing. He finds his words by running the tips of fingers over Tony’s bare skin that’s mottled in shades of pink. “Peter’s parents. May and Ben. I’ve been thinking. Peter’s used to being under the guardianship of heterosexual couples. I’m sure he’s accustomed to—”
“It’s not a matter of wanting it, Tony. That part’s simple.” Steve turns his coffee mug between his hands and finds resolve in its dregs before holding Tony’s gaze. “What kind of life would we be giving him? We put ourselves at risk constantly. Anything could happen to us and he’d have to go through hell all over again. It wouldn’t be fair. It’d be so goddamn unfair to him. He’s already buried his parents as many times as we have. He should have folks who work normal jobs and don’t get shot at on a regular basis.”
“Worth the mess?” Tony asks casually, although Steve has a feeling it's anything but.
“Fabulous timing, babe.” Tony waves him in and there’s a glint to his grin that has nothing good in store for Steve. “Please come over here and agree with me.”
It’s late, five cups of coffee shared between Tony and Sam, when the surgeon returns and updates them on Steve’s condition. They were able to stop the bleeding and he made it through surgery successfully, but due to the heavy sedation they had to administer in the operating room, Rogers won’t wake up until morning, at the earliest. With a worn smile, she suggests that they rest while Rogers does.
“If you say ‘a certain lifestyle’, I swear to god, Steve. It’s
“Can I--are you?” Steve asks, feeling himself twitch in the tight clench of Tony’s hole, trembling and gasping at each flex of his hips.
“Blue balloon goes with the blue train.” He guides Peter’s fingers across the screen. “Peter is driving Daddy slightly insane.”
Tony’s startled eyes sweep over Steve’s uniform as if he’s seeing for the first time. Then they flash furious at Steve and it’s like his anger from hours ago has caught fire.
“Tony—”
“Poor you. Just beam me up, Scott.”
Yes, Steve hails from departed days but Tony knows that adolescent life wasn’t that different in the forties. He knows Steve is aware teenagers don’t clamor to hang out with their parents on a Saturday night, knows he’s asking for Tony. Privately, he squeezes Steve’s knee, thanking him.
“That’s probably the most important thing, actually. I can see it, though. I can see you in a laboratory so clearly, elbow-deep in a plane’s engine or something like that.” And because Steve can’t stop yammering, “You’re so smart and you’ve got good hands. Talented hands.”
“What would you replace them with?” Steve asks curiously.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. That I never understood. I wish I’d known.” He wishes Tony had felt he could talk to him, that they’d trusted each other more. They’re both guilty of leaving things unsaid. Steve thinks it’s time to stop hoping that actions will simply speak for themselves. “But Tony, I’m not here for your permission,” Steve tells him, aiming for a steel-draped kindness. “And I really don’t want to fight with you over this. When I prayed—”
The pads of thumbs graze the bones of Tony’s hips, move into the hollows beyond them as his hands span Tony’s ass. Squeezing and whispering, Steve answers, “No. You’re beautiful and strong, so damn gorgeous. It took everything to keep my hands off of you.” He drops the grip of one hand to wrap Tony’s cock in his fist, starting a steady stroke. “One day, you were sitting down at the kitchen table, had soot or oil or something on your face. That day when you chased me to the elevator?”
Peter drops into the chair across from Steve, rubbing the corners of the book with his thumbs. He stutters, his response wobbling unevenly, “Today’s just—usually, I’m okay. It’s not as bad as it was. It’s been okay but today, um.” Glassy-eyed and face crumpling into a map of anguish, he takes a rattling deep breath that turns Steve’s heart to pulp. “I don’t know
All the living are dead, and the dead are all living
“Don’t have anywhere to go.”
“I may have underestimated our son’s extraordinary willpower,” Tony says, muffled and barely remaining in consciousness, the companionship of his husband’s skin and scent lulling him toward sleep. “Not my fault. He gets it from you.”
“You appeared to be having a good time. She looked...swell. That's your type, right? Not too mention she’s beautiful. So why not?”
“Some things don’t ever change.” There isn’t a word for the gaze Tony rolls over him; it’s bigger than fascination and softer than fondness. Steve doesn’t understand what he means, but Tony nods so Steve follows through, his fingers walking the scar gently and wishing he could thumb through the story rooted beneath it.
“You’re right.” Steve yields. Reluctantly. There’s a good chance he’ll need more convincing in the near future but Tony’s up to the task.
“It’s a free country supposedly. Not to mention, you live here so you can do whatever the hell you want.”
Tony snorts. “Well, as most would testify, I’m plenty stubborn, so it’s definitely not the first part.” He swallows, uncertain if this exchange means he’s welcomed or not. “Is he in?”
Steve rocks on his feet with a whistle. “Welp, there it is.”
glass his gaze, sadness and resignation that predates Ultron. God, it’s been so long.
Steve means to keep it careful and tamed but Tony is having none of it, his hold challenging kevlar and his tongue impatient. Steve opens up to him and goes with the demanding pace, the push and pull. Their greed for each other leaves little room for grace and they leave marks behind, lips swollen, stealing keepsakes with teeth and sucking mouths.
“Remember that phone call I got the other day?” Tony asks, hopping on the hospital bed since Steve is at peak form once again and won’t be needing it anymore.
Under the warm glow that’s cast, Tony rolls his eyes when Steve finds him in lively conversation with several of their guests but that doesn’t keep him from letting Steve coax him back to the center of the patio. Tony has never minded his two left feet and they sway into another slow dance, melting into each other's edges.
"Okay.” Steve nods, chest squeezing. “Okay."
When he’s able to open his eyes again—unaware he’d even shut them—he comes to find Steve whimpering into the juncture between his neck and shoulder.
“In a word.” Loose-limbed, Steve turns. Frankly, he says, “Tony, I can’t feel my asshole. Is that normal?”
Steve spins around, a swivel of scarlet. He smiles bright and brilliant. It's the exact one that Tony will never get over, the one where it’s like he’s simply happy to see Tony. With a few pats to the padding that makes up the bulge of his stomach and stresses a wide, gaudy-gold belt buckle, Steve jokes, “Nah, it’s just relocated.”
An intern in R&D has a sister who’s got some sculptures being hosted at a Caribbean art gallery in Brooklyn and Steve was thrilled when Tony mentioned it in passing, so they go there, an elegant loft space pinched in a row of historic buildings with exposed brick and a sequence of pendant lights stretching its interior.
Steve wipes at the corner of his eye. “It happened one time!”
“You got no idea, Tony. Love you, love you. Can’t get enough of you. Perfect. You’re the best,” Steve says, a fog of humid heat over Tony’s lips, shuddering in both breath and hips. Tony pitches up and clenches down on Steve’s cock, is rewarded with Steve’s surprised grunt and a hard snap that would have Tony skidding to the headboard and beyond if not for Steve ordering him not to let go in a jagged exhale. The secure band Steve's arm makes around his waist holds Tony in place while Steve’s thrusts grow devastatingly forceful, angles sharp and perfect. The room begins to favor the more brazen and obscene sounds of their fevered fucking, the slap of sweat and skin drowning out their low guttural noises.
Peter apparently does. Even with the tiers of the projections dimmed, he’s wide-eyed and fascinated, poking his pudgy fingers at the blue-lit configurations. There’s a peal of laughter each time his hand passes through and the light explodes into specks of starburst. For a good twenty minutes, with his son on his hip, Tony goes over controlled fusion reactions and how thermodynamic conversions result in electricity output, and Peter returns the chatter as if he understands. And maybe one day he will; it’d be wonderful, to share that with Peter, but it’s another thing Tony’s promised himself: he won’t ever force this on his child. If Peter ever comes to choose the scientific route, it’ll be just that, his choice.
“This might be me overstepping,” Tony starts before Steve’s signature on the discharge papers has even dried. The door has only just clicked behind the nurse and his clipboard. “Correction. This is definitely me overstepping, but I’m gonna do it anyway.”
“At ease there. It’s fine,” Tony tells him again, taming and quiet.
“There will be times where I’ll even forget we share the same residence.” Tony is lying. It’ll be the exact opposite but Steve doesn’t need to know that. Doesn’t need to know how lonely and craving Tony is, how aware Tony is of the mile markers between him and Pepper, the ocean between him and Rhodey. “But what could it hurt? Worst comes to worst and I’m a terrible landlord, you can drop a one-star review on Yelp.”
“Oh Christ, you are
Steve nods, dragging his thumb along Tony’s jaw as if fascinated. “And maybe more?”
Here it comes! Here comes the first day!
Wishing there was a convenient window he could web himself out of, Peter concedes.
“...that I can get on board with.”
; it’s hysterical and beautiful.
“And even if he is looking, he could have anyone,” Steve rolls on. “He could have anyone on the planet, and I’m just this kid from Brooklyn making his ma’s soup like a lovesick idiot. Why in the hell would he look at me?”
Steve shifts up, holds Tony by the waist and starts thrusting, driving deep and hard, filling the cramped confines of the car with the raw and shameless slap of flesh. They soon find the perfect rhythm, rocking together like they’ve been tuned especially for this. Every time Steve fucks up into Tony, fast, desperate, and angling for more, Tony takes it and gives it right back, riding Steve greedily and chasing after each upstroke. Following a particularly hammering group of thrusts that nearly throws him off of Steve, he braces a hand to the roof of the car, the cords in his arm steeling for leverage and to keep from giving himself a concussion. Around them, the car seesaws, Steve notes, but it’s minimally so.
“What the hell are you doing? What the
“I’m already regretting this,” Tony replies smartly. “Total recall while high is cheating by the way.”
Narrowing his eyes, Steve says, “You’re lying.”
“If this is a pity thing, Steve, I swear--”
So, despite being bordered on all sides by affection, Steve balls up the wrapper from his straw and flicks it right at him.
“Yes, you bet your ass it is,” Tony murmurs, nosing into a kiss.
“Where do you think I am now?”
Confusion on his brow, Peter mouths
“Motion denied. He’d make a great usher. He's very polite,” Steve replies with a full-blown smile and shining eyes. “Or maybe. Huh. We will need someone to park cars. And it’d be convenient to have someone for cheap.”
“Did I?” Steve asks and it somehow wrings
“I can guarantee that wouldn’t have happened. Look at who we live with.”
Steve’s gaze idles over him and then he squints at the brightness in Tony’s eyes, the switch-blade glint of mischief. “Restraint, huh? Why do I have a feeling that it just couldn’t fit?”
Tony’s tongue gets caught between platitudes and the truth. He’s a scientist. He believes there’s an equal opposite to everything, including this enormous, ever growing thing he feels for Steve, that curves, bends, and entangles in his life with a sense of permanence. However, he also believes that probability is on their side.
“No, of course not,” Steve says fiercely.
“Still nothing on Romanoff?” Tony asks as he checks out the blue light panel running the facial recognition software, seemingly endless in its search and never lingering on a thumbnail for longer than two seconds.
“Well you don’t have a monopoly on that,” Steve counters, smirking. His hair sticks up in tufts and there’s no saving it at all, sweat clings to his crown and shines between his eyes. Tony is helplessly charmed.
True as that may be, in Tony’s bedroom, Steve loves him and loves
His cold fingertips ghost over Steve’s stretched entrance.
Tony eases away, his heart big with affection. He steals touches to Steve’s nose, eyelids, and cheekbones in the departure. He places a palm over the side Steve’s face carefully, stroking with his thumb. “Yes, we can do anything you want.”
He surges up and touches his lips to Steve’s, coaxes him into a kiss that tastes like relief. It’s sweet and chaste and sends a severe shiver up Tony’s spine. The chill causes him to pitch forward into a curl, into Steve and seek out his warmth, press into the rasp of his beard and nip at his lush bottom lip. Tony licks into Steve’s gasp and delights in the wet heat of his mouth. The trace of his tongue makes Tony think of poetry, covers him in lines that he’s been pouring over night after night for weeks now, makes him think about occupying this space forever, and it has him aching because so few things in his life, if anything, have ever felt this right.
“Really.”
And it’s Steve’s turn to wonder and soon every moment they’ve ever shared jars him open and shakes him up hard, unsticks and pieces together everything that he didn’t want to look at wholly. The times he felt a prickling on his neck from behind, the glances that lasted and lasted until they shied away, the touches that seamlessly shifted from shades of enmity to something far beyond fraternity, like they’ve always been familiar, smoothing down patches of arms and over hearts. For a second time, a revelation of love settles inside of Steve.
“God, Tony, I want this more than anything,” Steve says as if the words leave him vacated.
Steve exhales and his face crumples with the effort, creases into vulnerable lines. It’s somehow worse than the sight of him being shot, his stillness on the silt edge of the river, and his muted and gauzy breaths after surgery. Hands in his lap, Steve’s impossibly small and silent for a long minute before speaking.
Apparently, Steve’s lust-addled brain is unable to manage much beyond that. Preoccupied with latching his mouth to the underside of Tony’s jaw, he forgets the count of steps to the bed’s frame and the mattress takes out the back of his legs, its springs whining under the abrupt ambush. Books, art supplies, and knick-knacks that still have to be put away in boxes poke into his back and with a frustrated grunt, Steve twists up and reaches behind himself to shove them to the floor.
Tony slips a furious hand down between himself and the armor.
. Then the both of them are making arrangements for a marathon, the originals and the sequels. They refuse to acknowledge the prequel trilogy.
“God,” Tony groans, burying his face in his hands.
“It’s the assignment I look forward to most each semester. When students allow themselves to write with less guarded affection and admiration. You were no exception to that and, well, your essay taught me a great deal about you. You did wonderful.” There’s a nervous stutter in Steve’s smile, shy almost. The long fan of his lashes heavy and then lifting up slow. “You always do.”
“Steve. Babe, you feel...” Tony moans. A bevy of exaltations swamp Tony’s brain but under Steve’s unrelenting mouth, they lose their shades of definition and become wanting. Tony scrambles to get a grasp on whatever’s near; he holds onto the sure line of Steve’s shoulder and hopes the hard press into the muscle there speaks for itself.
, which is ridiculous. “Dad, can you cancel whatever deal you brokered, and can I please get a normal Netflix account? It shouldn’t be any more than eleven dollars. Gandalf gatekeeps anymore than that. Please, because I really don’t want to inherit Netflix.”
“Taking him in?” Understanding knots in Steve’s stomach, twisting and twisting. “You’re talking about adoption.”
“Dammit,” Steve starts, woozy beats later, when Tony slinks back up to him. Steve gropes him, clumsily touches down his arms and his wrists in apology, unable to meet his gaze but wanting to stay connected because his hands feel wrong without Tony under them. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that.”
Tony’s prepared for that, knew it would come up, because admittedly, the timing is shady. While Tony and Pepper may have split up a while ago, there’s been no one since. Nothing serious. A few one night stands, dates that didn’t last past the morning, but they were all distractions, good enough until they weren’t. Soon enough, Tony’s attention returned to where life made sense—building suits and waiting on the moment to fly them. And then Steve, in the worst way possible, gave Tony a reason to wear the armor again.
anything.
They don’t speak on the past but maybe that’s how it’s meant to be, and Steve will gladly sacrifice being sated for this.
“Says he’s gonna make me a pie,” Sam adds after closing the door. “I’m pretty excited about it.”
Tony and Steve had ordered Peter to give it up and threatened to ground him indefinitely. There’d been a good amount of yelling, Tony could barely speak later, but it finished with Peter’s disquieting resolve, angry tears in his eyes that Tony will probably never be able to forget. Peter had flat out refused to stop because at the end of the day, for better or for worse, he’s truly their son.
“There is no reference to the accident.” The feed pauses, and JARVIS continues, vague but unmistakably steering, “However, I do believe that there is part of the conversation that you should hear.”
. So softly that Steve thinks maybe he isn’t meant to hear it, Tony adds, “I could have used you in junior high.”
In what can only be explained as a complete descent into denial with the expulsion of all rational thought quick on its heels, Steve bolts.
“Dada! Dada, hiya, Dada!”
Tony’s cock almost gives it the old college try at the thought of a wet Steve but two orgasms have been impossibly pulled out of him. Tony is fucked out, heavy and melted to where he is. The kind of sore that needs to soak. He waves a loose hand. “You go, I’ll just be here for a bit. Until I regain my knees and the ability to walk straight.”
“What do you want?” Tony noses them into a kiss, brushing his knuckles over Steve’s skin. The suggestive tilt of his pelvis traces precome between them, sticky trails. “What do you want me to do?”
“What is it that you want?”
the coat closet.”
“I’ll break out the extinguisher. It’ll be a matching accessory, pull the whole ensemble together.”
“I’m sorry for not telling you the truth about your parents,” Steve says.
“Tony,” Steve sighs helplessly, unsure of what he even needs or of which way to go. He paws out a hand and Tony’s right there for him.
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve says, also nodding.
“I didn’t think that that anyone could be you,” Steve says, hoarse and surprised.
“Tony, are you—?”
“The guy selling them had a ton. All of these flavors, some of them were kind of weird ” Steve says expressively. With a slight chuckle, “They had brown sugar bacon, though, and of course, that made me think of you.”
Tony gets off the bed, finds his discarded pants, and pulls the haphazardly folded envelope out. With a stammering heart, he knee-walks back across the mattress. He glues himself to Steve’s side where he's sat up and commandeers one of his hands. Tony hands the envelope over. “I heard somewhere that Christmas gifts can be a good stand-in for what you've kept wrapped all year. Would you believe it got lost in the mail?”
“Gotcha, but if it’ll help, I’m all for it,” Steve replies, and with that, he’s watching Tony move off the bed and disappear into the connected living space. Distantly, Steve can hear Tony fiddling around; the open and shut of the fridge door has been a common noise throughout the day.
They’re back at the kitchen sink when the conversation finally comes to a head, draining coffee on a December morning.
“Steve, baby,” Tony breathes, lush mouth open on Steve’s skin. Reverently, “You feel so--oh fuck. I love the way you feel. That’s it, yeah? You want it just like this?”
Steve says duty-filled, content and neutral and selfless. Thinking of himself last, and Tony knows there's nothing he wouldn't do for him.
, sipping Steve’s coffee, and Steve shakes his head, sighs in his trademark exasperated fondness.
Tony’s phone ringer interrupts whatever spiel Steve has planned, startling them both, and Tony is grateful for the excuse. Tony pulls it out of pocket and reads the number; he apologizes to Steve as he gets to his feet. “Sorry, I gotta take this. We good?”
“I’m not supposed to tell you, but the feeling is mutual,” Steve says. The corner of his mouth upticks and he continues, wistful, “I’m glad that the two of you get along.”
“God,” Tony moans like he’s just as lost. “Look at that. You’re so fucking wet, sweetheart. Can you come for me? I need to taste you. Can I taste you?”
Blinking up with what he hopes is sweat in his eyes, Steve says, “I don’t think that I could have ever dreamed you.”
Anticipation welling up inside of him and threatening to spill over, Tony needs to be sure. “Are you potentially concussed? Any chance of that?”
“I told you, didn’t I?” Tony’s still chuckling, the sound obscured by Steve’s shoulder and rumbling through his chest.
“Don’t know what you got 'til it’s gone?”
Tony doesn’t know who gives in first but it hardly matters because once it happens, he discovers that Steve tastes like sunshine ought to. The kiss begins slowly, if a little awkwardly, learning how the other works but once they get it, they
Mortified, Peter whimpers.
“Oh, like you didn’t get one just yesterday. And I’ll have you know, I didn’t do anything wrong!” Dad protests, throwing up his arms.
“You’re ridiculous. I'm not meant to be fluffed because I’m not an actual pillow.”
The war is over and we are beginning...
Steve presses his lips together against a laugh and starts packing up his things. He generously motions for Lang to take his seat. “It’s alright. I have to head out to the elementary school anyway.” Because Steve actually loves teaching and wants to do it for the rest of his life. To Tony, he asks, “Is it alright if I pick you up tomorrow? At like three? Or if you really have your heart set on that zombie shark thing—”
“What’s the problem then?” Tony asks.
Tony hums, considering him, and small part of his brain silently questioning who gave Steve’s hair the right to dance in the wind like that. “Sounds like something a kidnapper would say.”
“Iron Legion. Just waiting for your call, Cap.”
“Yes,” Steve tells Peter and it sounds like a promise. “Yes. Absolutely yes,” he says again to Tony and it sounds like he means forever.
“And that’s why you still can’t fly.” Tony raises his hands in a show of surrender. “But okay, fine. I give, you win. If retro and stretchy everywhere is how you wanna rock it, keep on, keepin’ on, young buck.”
“Tony Stark is in my hospital room. The pink elephants would be less surprising,” Steve quips softly.
“These schematics aren’t your best work and practically everything you create is your best work.”
he’s adapting to. Petrified to crash-land them both into a crater of embarrassment, he’s refrained from asking Steve to define this little outing. His fingers itching to text Steve all last night and this morning, Tony just managed to keep conversation neutral for a hour and a half down the freeway and through illustrative backroads. But now that they’re here, on a farm, driving two wheelbarrows through an actual pumpkin patch, and zigzagging through scatterings of people and kids whose parents can barely keep them corralled. Tony is wondering if this
Everything—the endearment—swamps Steve at once. He’s so tired, and he doesn’t know he’s crying until he tastes the mocking salt on Tony’s lips, sagging in a heap against him and murmuring nonsense through a watery visage. Tony shushes him, splaying hands at his flanks, shoulders, and the nape of his neck when Steve buries his head in his throat. Tony walks them into the elevator and orders FRIDAY to lock it down until they reach the floor with Steve’s quarters.
“This is for your class?” Tony asks, gut-punched and a feeling that’s melancholy and numb and
The ice bucket rattles once more, and this time the cube is dripping with steady drops, and when it hovers over him, well it’s a heroic task beyond Steve to not flinch even when bracing and Tony murmuring all the while to distract him. It’s so damned cold. More so, when Tony slides it flat across his skin, sharply contrasting the overheated stretches that are blotted with goosebumps. It bites in a gelid circle around the same nipple Tony had teased hard and hot, and Steve’s skeleton shivers—a flare-bright tremble that travels from scalp to sole—when it goes over the nipple.
“I’m not drunk. Just happy. I love you. I love you so much,” Steve says and he places his lips on Tony’s forehead, inhaling. Almost to himself, he remarks, “It’s gone by fast, hasn’t it?”
How could I not look at you?”
“If jizz gets on the upholstery, I’m not dealing with it,” Tony says. He grinds down, and the press of his hard cock smears pearling precome against Steve’s abdomen.
For a long moment, Peter is quiet. He's still quiet when he asks, “Can you stay?”
“I love you so much, kiddo,” Tony says, pressing a soft kiss to Peter’s cheek and smoothing a hand over his hair, almost wishing he could stall time. He carefully sets Peter down and draws his blanket over him, watching the rise and fall of his chest. Before he leaves, he clicks on the lamp that’s shade with cut-out shapes throws crescent moons and stars on the muraled walls.
“What project?”
“It started too early,” Tony opens with. “I kissed you and suddenly everything went to hell. I thought when that eventually happened, we’d have more to fight for. That’s what I thought, and then you left—er, well I kicked you out—and I knew that we do have something worth fighting for. I’ve learned from experience that perfection is never going to happen. It doesn’t exist but good does. And I’m pissed at you, Steve. I am. But I think that you and I, we’re good. And I don’t believe that’s worth losing on account of what your brainwashed best friend did before you and I even met.”
Along with one in the morning, Tony spies Peter in the rearview mirror, bopping with his legs swinging to the radio. And Tony is waning, a middle-aged father who’s up against it and judging his younger self for ever taking sleep for granted, so he takes a few left turns and pulls into a late night drive-thru, ordering a coffee over Peter's enthusiastic hellos to the voice coming out of the speaker box. Sympathy beats out awe and shock on the face of the purple-haired twenty-something manning the window when they roll up, and that’s just perfect.
“You like that.” Tony says knowingly, twisting his hand.
Because he’s more prone to self-sabotage than any other individual on the planet, Tony does not shut up. He walks the outer curve of the bar, regards Steve skeptically. “Well not exactly the same, right?”
JARVIS had notified Steve of Tony’s distress and neither of them had slept that night, going through the videos on the server and footage—Peter catching cars, stopping bank robberies and muggings, and interceding multiple
, the watch emits a tall, wide light and casts Tony in an unnatural blue hue.
“I feel miserable.” That’s the God’s honest truth and then some if Tony’s willingly admitting to it. “Can’t fall asleep for the life of me,” he grumbles.
Tony is inclined to agree because this, the three of them together, makes the most sense of all.
“I’m an unpredictable brat that way. Feeling’s mutual though.” He touches his forehead to Steve’s until he makes up the edges of Tony’s vision. His fingers run up Steve’s nape, sweep into his hair and card through it. “What did my fingers do before they held him?” Tony recites softly. “What did my heart do, with its love?”
“Yeah, I think I did,” Tony says, breathlessly. Now that it’s out there, he’s experiencing a little delirium, can hear chaos in his ears. He shrugs, goes for causal even though his heart is slamming against his ribs. His hands are shaking. “We’ve got a good thing going here. I love you. You love me. We've got a kid to love. I think he loves us back. Why not do this thing?”
Seeing bits of carrots and celery floating in the broth, and getting a kick out of that, Steve asks curiously. “Did you finish this?”
Eventually, the hand towel lays sodden and cube-less and gets kicked out of the way as Steve is rolled flat on his back. Tony settles between his legs that fall away on reflex, and is overcast above him, his hardness nudging at Steve’s own rallying erection. Steve lifts his hips to fit them together; he relishes the hiss it draws out of Tony and wants to wear it like a badge. Steve doesn’t think he’ll ever tire of those noises and the buzz he gets from knowing he has the capability to do that, startle Tony out of his cool.
“I understand that,” Steve says. He silently wonders how many times Peter has sought solace here, in the faint scent of paper and ink and the rich sprawl of the bookshelves. “You want to be alone? I can go.”
“I actually think we might be too excellent at it.”
Kiss-muffled at Steve’s cheek and pawing at Steve’s heaving side, Tony asks, “You still with me?”
“No worries,” Steve says, kissing Tony’s forehead like it’s already a habit. “We’ll finish our date first. I can make this a date. I owe you dinner. Lunch? And a show?”
Tony rolls his eyes with his fingers twined in Steve’s. Smiling, he comments, “Not really how that works.”
“I just feel blindsided.” Steve pauses Tony’s hands with his own and finally admits, at a loss, “I don’t understand your interest.”
“It tore him apart.” Sam shakes his head, rueful. “No, I didn’t know about your parents. Not 'til he came knocking on my door and I smoked it out of him. I’m referring to Barnes. I saw Steve’s face when he found out—never thought I’d see devastation on him again, like that, until last week. Except it was worse.”
Tony reads the assigned prompt, opens his blue exam book, presses down on the stapled spine and pens in absolute bullshit.
she asks, and it’s steeped in concern; it’s perceptive and gentle—well-read in the language of Steve Rogers.
Without needing to be told or maybe he just understands the half-formed words Tony devolves into, Steve gets a hand on Tony's cock. He hooks an arm around Tony and with his free hand pulls him off, stroking with gained know-how that’s vicious and gives no quarter. And in soft contrast, he nuzzles at Tony’s temple, nose, and mouth--all along the way, murmuring heartfelt admissions. It takes embarrassingly few of them for an orgasm to truck through Tony, causing him to clench down hard and see stars.
"I- Can we just wait a little longer?"
"Today is June 5th, Steve.” He did it again, with an even shakier voice. “Do you know I haven't seen you in person for 74 days?"
“We’re not finished yet,” Thor reminded them.
“We didn’t fuck.” Tony said defensively.
Taking the chance he was given by their sudden proximity, Steve clutched Tony's wrist, pushing his shirt sleeve up to reveal the mark on his thin arm. Then, he rolls up his own sleeves showing his own matching mark. The mark of each of their souls.
"Noted." Tony smiled, pulling Steve in for a kiss-
Tony pushed against Steve's chest as Steve pressed him against the wall kissing down his neck. "Y-you should probably go find Abby." Tony gasped out as Steve pulled both their shirts off, pressing his own hips against Tony's. "She's probably w-wondering where y-you went." He stuttered as Steve kissed down his chest.
And suddenly, Tony found his voice.
“When did this happen?”
So, he made his rounds making small talk and greeting civilians. As Tony would say, Captain America business—kissing babies and such. Eventually he ended up back at his previous table. Thor had wandered off somewhere with Bruce, so Steve sat alone until Nat got bored teasing Clint and dragged Bucky along behind her.
Now it was Tony's turn to fall silent, yet again.
Steve bolted up the stairs and into their bedroom.
"Vacation, and no. Only most days." Steve said smugly. "Really, Nat. I don't need the false hope. Tony just sees me as a friend."
Wiping the tears on the back of his sleeve, Steve shuffled to his feet and chased after the group that had previously been yelling at him.
Steve nodded, all rosy cheeks and bright eyes and toothy grin.
That’s what Steve had grown to adore about Tony. He could be terrified watching Tony fall, nearly to his death, and not two minutes later Tony’s cracking jokes making him grin. At the end of the day he didn’t want to ride away on his bike, but it’s where they are now. Maybe, one day it would develop into more. Steve hoped so anyway. For now, he could wait.
Tony finally faced Steve once the elevator door closed with tears in his eyes.
“Privacy and comfort.”
“I let myself get too caught up in everything. I’m so sorry Tony; I know I should have prioritized you. I don’t have a good reason, but the truth is I just got caught up in work and Bucky coming back. And I didn’t keep track of how often I came home because to me it every time I saw you felt like no time had passed at all.”
"Shh," Bucky pulled him into a hug. "Catch your breath, and then we'll talk about it."
“Just give yourself time to heal. It’ll all work out in the end. After all, you two are meant to be.” She spoke softly, rubbing his glowing soul mark with her thumb.
And with that, Tony was back in the dance floor,
“I love you, Stud. Forever.” A sleepy Tony whispered, pressing a kiss to Steve’s forehead.
"What's got you so worked up?"
Everyone in the crowd, however, applauded at his landing. As he stood and made his way toward the bar, he stepped right out of the armor in a classic black suit and pulled out his sunglasses while Mark 26 walked itself back toward the balcony and took off over the edge to return to the workshop.
"Trust me,
"I'm sorry. I just need to do this one last time."
"Oh, come on, Stevie. What's wrong?" Bucky pinched his best friend’s cheek as Natasha slid onto his lap.
"What the hell? I thought things were going really well with you guys."
"I'm okay. W-we're okay." Steve whispered, finally shutting Tony up by pressing his lips against his boyfriend's. A weight instantly rose from Tony's chest with those words.
Finally, Steve pulled back with a grin. "Who the hell cares about Abby?"
“Well, thank you for defending me, Darling.” He kissed Steve’s forehead. “I’m not so good with words, like you. But you know I’ll punch any reporter that says anything wrong about my Cap.”
Reasonably, he knew he must've heard the door to his and Tony's bedroom open and the footsteps crossing the room, but it still startled him when he felt warmth behind him and two strong arms lifting him so he was upright with his back against a broad chest.
When it happened, it was completely natural. Each night they spent grew longer and longer until the late night deep talks started again. They talked about everything. Feelings, memories, their lives apart, the good and the bad. They talked about everything Tony had wanted to talk to Steve about when he hadn’t been around, and naturally, Steve had to apologize again for coming around to talk about his own issues all those times and never being there for him. But, and he would never say this out loud, Tony didn’t care anymore. He was just glad to have Steve there now.
"Wait," he said gently, taking Tony's hand rather than his arm this time. "I promise you, Tony Stark-Rogers, I love you as I always have." The glow around his mark was growing slowly as he spoke. "I am so sorry I've hurt you like this, my love. It was never my intention." Tony's was too, only much more quickly. This was Steve's chance.
"Yeah, I did too." Tony swallowed the last of his glass of scotch.
it like?" Steve had never seen Clint so defensive over Tony.
Rhodey retracted his arm from its place around Pepper's shoulders and stepped as close as he could get to Steve. And then, he said the two worst words Steve could've heard in that moment.
Clutching the divorce papers in shaky hands, he didn't say a word.
"And I
Wind so hard it should feel like a slap felt more comforting than anything Tony could have experienced in his lifetime. Free. He was finally free. Free of his relationship.
Despite Steve's silence, the two quickly figured out what had him down by following his eyes to Tony running an amplified version of his usual playboy routine. They gave each other a look before Nat leaned in, rubbing Steve's shoulder.
"Sure, I'll get the team."
“Yes, my love?” Tiny responded absentmindedly as he continued working.
"Well when you say it like that... I just didn't want to make you uncomfortable."
"Hold on, back up. Dating?"
Tony answered the question Steve hadn't yet said out loud. "March 23rd was the last time you came home."
"Stevie, I was gone. You're the love of my life. And I was the love of yours. But you have a new life now. You're not the same scrawny kid from Brooklyn that danced with me when the curtains were closed so the neighbors wouldn't see. You're different now. I'm different. We're different. Do I wish it wasn't like this? Of course. Would I do anything to have you back? Stevie, you know I would in a heartbeat. But, that man down there loves you more than he could ever love himself, no matter what folks say about his ego. And you love him just the same. You two deserve to be happy, so I'm gonna need you to dry it up, Darlin' so we can figure out how you're gonna make this right."
"What footage? What are you guys-"
. Tony didn't need this, and he sure as hell wouldn't sit around moping. Tonight would've been the perfect night. The Avengers would all be present at the charity event hosted at the tower under Tony's name, courtesy of Nick Fury—something about keeping up appearances. What better way to display how wonderfully normal and human they were than to share information about their personal lives with the world?
He felt
"Now this, right here. This is my favorite part." Happy was absolutely livid as the Steve on the screen chased after Bucky who had just run away, not even looking back at his boyfriend lying on the ground. "You just left him there. You just left him by himself!"
"Right, and he didn't buy you flowers or take you for candlelit dinners every night on your honeymoon either."
"Is Barnes worth it?" Natasha stared cold into Steve's eyes. Steve just looked away from her.
Still, Steve certainly was not on board and Tony hadn't seen him since their conversation ended last night. As if it didn't hurt enough that Steve was embarrassed that Tony was his boyfriend or that he'd decided to sleep in his old bedroom rather than the one he shared with Tony, now he was avoiding him.
“Or go on dates,” said Clint.
"Tony, you don't have to put in a two weeks notice for the Avengers. It's not like a real job." Steve chuckled lightly, assuming this was a joke and Tony had played it out very heavy to make it seem real. "Nice touch with the letters from Pepper and Queens. Like you wouldn't answer them."
, how had he let himself make such a mess of things?
"I just- I don't want anyone to think less of Captain America because he likes boy." Steve said in a meek, little voice that would've suited a small, scared boy in an alley far better than
"Stop looking at my fucking mark!" Tony interrupted Steve's second flashback, suddenly tanking his arm away. He hoped it was just his eyes playing tricks on him, but Steve could've sworn he saw Tony's mark getting more dull by the second. "Pay attention to me! Why don't you love me, Steve? Why do you have to make me feel like I'm nothing? Make me want to do everything that's bad for me?"
"You were just gonna let Barnes kill him." Pepper was in tears now. Rhodey wrapped an arm around her, trying to console her.
"If you insist.."
“Whose side are you on?”
. "It's just that so many people need me, and I thought you were strong enough to handle that. But I get it now-"
“Yet.”
“He’s an anorexic alcoholic, Buck. I did everything I could.”
Tony pressed a kiss to Steve's forehead. "We done for the night, Stud?" he asked, wondering if they'd bother returning to the party.
"Like
The crunch of broken glass under Steve's feet easily could've been mistaken for that of his heart. To his knowledge, Tony hadn't touched a bottle in four and a half years.
"We saw the footage, asshole." Clint chimed in. What? Clint and Tony barely even get along.
“But how?”
Steve react to how cold and closed off Tony was acting? What when he had his perfect, charming, super soldier boyfriend back that he'd known his whole life.
"Tony, I-"
Aside from Steve’s appearance, the night was perfect. But as all good things do, it came to an end.
"Don't you dare say sorry." His voice was still shaking, but more assertive now. "You're not. You're just doing what you have to do, so forget it." Tony sounded weaker and weaker the longer he spoke though.
“I know, Tones..”
When Tony flinched at Steve's head leaning towards his own, Steve's heart split even more.
Steve beamed. Tony was
Tony put a Marlboro black between his teeth and a fake smile upon his face as he unlocked the workshop and lit up.
Happy pulled up the footage they were referring to. Steve watched Bucky shove Tony down, quick to pin him and get a hand around his throat. His mouth went dry as he watched himself stand completely still on the screen.
Steve kissed his forehead again—a final goodbye—and turned off the light. Perhaps it was wishful thinking, but he was sure there was the slightest, barely noticeable glow around the now faded gray mark.
"C'mere." Steve whined once Tony had their food all set up, an older film playing on the screen above the sink.
...until Bucky came off the elevator. Two weeks had passed since the—er,
Steve fucking Rogers just
Steve made his way onto the stage next to his perfect, lovable, amazing, wonderful, everything-good-in-the-world, Tony.
And as Tony was pulled up against Steve's chest to begin dancing, Steve sang.
"You need to drink some coffee and come with me," Bucky said, grabbing Tony by the wrist.
"I'm f- fine, Buck."
So Tony wasted no time dropping his robe and slipping into the warm water behind his lover, wrapping his arm around Steve and feeding him a mouthful of noodles. He would never understand how much Steve truly appreciated this.
What? It wasn't enough for him to have avoided Tony ever since his first boyfriend came back from the dead? Was it not bad enough that Tony went to bed alone each night shaken awake by nightmares of Steve leaving him, the cave, Howard, Obie, everything bad in the world? Was it not cruel enough that Tony has to sit idly by waiting for Steve to leave him and rekindle his relationship with Bucky? Not that they hadn't already gotten a head start—it wasn't like Tony didn't notice Steve clinging to Bucky's side since his return or the looks they gave each other.
The guilt in Bucky's eyes when he regained control of himself was heart wrenching. Tony didn't even like the guy, for obvious reasons, but he knew Bucky instantly felt horrible for what he'd done.
?" Tony shouted back as the elevator carried them to the main living room which was restricted from the public this evening. "I don't even know what you want from me anymore. I try so hard, but no. You just have to go find some slut to bring with you to
" Tony, wait!"
Of course, he hadn't seen Tony more than 28 days of the last 6 months. That's quite a bit of alone time to nurse a bad habit once broken.
he thought possessively, quickly followed by,
"That's enough." He said in a stern voice, taking the bottle from Tony's hand, and spilling some down his chest.
, Steve. Months at a time. What do you mean
But, Steve—
“Clearly, jealousy isn’t going to make him want you back. You need to fix things.”
Apparently, when you leave your recovering anorexic/alcoholic husband alone for months at a time to take care of your best friend that came back from the dead resulting in divorce and rehab, he ignites more rage than jealousy. But how was Steve to know that?
Dressing only in clean boxers, the two found themselves under warm, silk sheets, finishing their movie and falling asleep entangled in each other's arms. Steve woke Tony with slow, sleepy—yet, extremely hot—morning sex, and Tony repaid him with a large breakfast in bed straight from Steve's favorite diner.
"Don't worry about her. She ran off to find Clint, anyway." Bucky assured his best friend. "Now, why don't you tell me what's going on, Doll?"
“I’m not stupid, Cap.”
Steve—didn't help him. Tony couldn't wrap his head nor his heart around the painful truth.
, couldn’t Steve get him out of his mind.
"Oh, so now I get a pet name. Thought I was
He was scared of how things once were, but he’d grown to forgiveness. Eventually, they were back to spending most of their time together, curled up on the couch, dinners together, dancing. But keep in mind, they were only friends. At least that’s what they thought. Or rather, Tony thought. Steve, on the other hand, was ecstatic that they were getting back to a relationship, but Tony didn’t know any of that yet.
"Save your fucking excuses." He ripped his hand from Steve's hold. "I don't need them or your bullshit apology. Get the fuck out."
There was one question, though, that Steve felt the courage to answer.
"Sorry, not one for pleasantries." He stopped the girl in her tracks before she could excitedly introduce herself to
Of course, it was too good to be true. Anger bubbled up and boiled over through Tony’s mouth when he saw him. Steve
”Then, what do you want, Tony? I’d do anything for you.”
-as the elevator stopped at his penthouse.
"I love you, Steve. More than anything. And I promise you, the world is a lot more accepting than it used to be. No one would hurt you for loving a man. Besides, you can kick their ass if they try. And if that doesn't get the message across, I can clear things up with a blast."
"The workshop. Bucky strangling Tony. Ring any bells?" Pepper's disgusted tone pulled at Steve's heart.
Tony hadn’t been this pissed since they had split up.
"Darling, I didn't mean to hurt you." Being that he was so much smaller in comparison, he did his best to pull Steve into his lap. "Please, Honey, you have to believe me. I had no idea what they did to you back then, Baby. I just wanted the world to know you're all mine, Sugar."
"Oh my God, guys, it's Captain America."
A cool, metal finger tucked under Steve's chin, forcing him to meet Bucky's eyes.
“But you do everything else they said,” Happy said with a smile.
more than a little kiss."
Barnes running off was to be expected. But, Steve. Tony knew their love was over even if they hadn't explicitly said it yet, but he'd hoped Steve had cared enough to some degree that he'd make sure Tony was okay before chasing after Barnes.
Steve placed the simple, golden band on Tony's finger, reading aloud the engraved words along with the record playing softly.
“I never stopped,” Tony said, grabbing Steve’s hand in his own.
"Hey," he spoke slowly in a soft, sweet voice. "Hey, Lovely. I'm here. I'm home."
“Listen Steve, I can forgive you.” Steve got that hopeful look in his eyes as his own mark started glowing a bit, hidden beneath a flannel. “But I can’t go back.” His face dropped.
“I know, Shellhead.” Steve tried to hand him the flowers.
"Wait- no! That- that's not what I meant!"
Inside his new home was everyone he cared for the most awaiting his arrival to celebrate. Tony, the big softie he was despite his hard-faced exterior, couldn’t believe his friends cared him that much after he’d resigned from the Avengers and practically abandoned everyone. Not to mention the divorce.
Tony rested his head in the crook of Steve's neck, breathing in the familiar smell.
"Obviously he doesn't want to talk to me right now. Just look at him."
Steve glanced at him inquisitively.
"Really, though. We just hang out a lot! We're really close friends but that's all."
"What about me?" He pushed her away from him, standing to meet the eyes of everyone around him. "I didn't do anything."
"I thought you wanted to take things slow!"
"I should've known better. Stark men make weapons. I should've ditched the whole hero gig when I had the chance. Do me a favor, huh? Drop my letter off to Fury."
“Or fuck.” Thor put bluntly.
Steve nodded, and with one last hug, Bucky left him at his room and set off on his mission. When he reached the floor of the party, he got off the elevator to go find Tony, who was now chugging a bottle of liquor while the same group of dancing girls cheered him on.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" a deep voice shouted across the room. Steve looked up from his sketchbook in confusion.
Now, I know what you must be thinking. Aren’t these two a thing? Why is Steve upset if he’s moved on? Why is Bucky not jealous that Steve is so upset.
In an instant, the man's eyes had gone dark and he pushed Tony to the ground with ease, wrapping a metal hand around his throat and cutting off his oxygen. Tony had wrapped his own hands around Bucky's wrist, trying with all his might to loosen his grip to no avail.
Silence rang through their "shared" home, though it was mostly just Tony's nowadays.
“We are not.” Tony responded firmly.
Steve of course was absolutely shocked but knew not to expect anything. The two sat in awkwardly over Thai takeout for several minutes before Tony final broke the silence.
Steve, ever the worrier, got onto him about smoking, but Tony paid him no mind, simply instructing Jarvis to turn up the volume and Barnes to remove his prosthesis. He instantly got to work, not wanting to drag the process out any longer than he had to. Bucky and Steve sat on the couch where Tony had spent hours crying—but no one needs to know about that—smiling and laughing like the old friends they were. Tony clenched his jaw and opened a new pack.
Giving a nod and bolting for his bedroom door, he tried to quickly formulate a speech to give his lovely, devastated boyfriend about how magnificent Steve was and how sorry Tony was. Choked sobbing stopped him dead in his tracks, slowing to a halt in the doorway.
"I said forget it!" That wasn't very weak.
"And don't think I didn't notice your mark shining more dull every time you came home, Steve. You can't hide that you don't love me anymore when your mark doesn't even glow like it used to!"
"Steve! Go,
Steve walked out onto the balcony expecting a usual late night chat over pizza. He was not, however, expecting white roses or a home cooked meal on the finest china in the Stark residence or candles or a note with
Of course. How had Tony been so stupid? Steve was
"Thank you, Tony." Well at least one of these imbeciles knows how to use first names, even if neither of them could wrap their heads around how to communicate
"Wait, did you and Tony break up?" Steve groaned as Thor walked into the kitchen and joined their conversation.
"Tony, you of all people know how it is. We're saving people's lives. There's not exactly time off."
you."
"Oh, ya know. Just checking out my boyfriend's date." Tony said, pressing his lips together as thin as they could possibly be.
Captain America.
“Why did you choose to keep it secret?”
dy and pulled him immediately into a hug.
"What's going on with me? What's going on with
Tony's, on the other hand, was barely even there by now.
"Save it." Tony carried a bottle with him to the elevator.
Except, Tony hadn't realized that his actions had genuinely hurt Steve's feelings. His expectations of a jealous, overprotective Steve were not quite met.
"But, I love you so much, Tony. Please, just listen to me. Trust me."
"Well, yesterday Tony said he wanted to announce our relationship at the event tonight. But- but I'm just not ready, Buck. I mean, you- you remember what happened when people found out about Tommy."
“Now, anyone with a camera, you might wanna get ready for this one. There is someone you all need to meet.”
"Goodbye." He said.
“No, I most certainly have
"What do you want?" He whispered so quietly and raspy Steve wasn't even sure he heard him, but the last two times made it clear that he needed to answer Tony's question.
On the other hand, Steve was not aware of these goals, so he got a little more riled up than Tony would have wanted. Unlike his boyfriend, though, Steve wasn't one to make a scene.
Tears stung against his eyes, threatening to spill. It had been quite some time since Steve had last cried. Perhaps if he'd paid more attention to his love, he wouldn't be on the verge right then.
This was it. Steve was finally going to make it up to Tony.
A light blush spread across Steve’s cheeks as he smiled up at Tony, who, in that moment, had reminded him of Bucky. His dear best friend would never hesitate to knock someone out over Steve, whether it be defending his honor or simply saving him from an ass beating. Certainly smaller than Buck, Tony had the same protective attitude toward Steve. That was his Steve, after all. Nobody hurt
As they settled into bed that night, they were both completely peaceful, still enfolded in each other’s arms.
of him. Nine months in and he still didn't want anyone to know that they were dating.
"This isn't about Bucky." Natasha grabbed Steve's shirt collar. "This is about you."
And then, it happened. A matter of seconds, and Tony was pinned to the ground trying his damnedest to pull the metal fingers from their death grip—literally—around his neck.
A bunch of superheroes living together? What a stupid idea. But, damn, did Steve love that stupid building each morning when he woke from yet another dream about Tony and got to watch him sip a hot coffee over breakfast.
. He hoped.
"Trust me, I'd be more than comfortable with a
"N- no. He doesn't even know about Tommy. Don't want him to think I- I'm weak." Steve sniffled against Bucky's chest. "B’sides. You saw him with those girls. This is prob’ly jus’ his way of breaking up with me."
making a mess of things.
Steve fell asleep that night with a glowing heart as Tony lay peacefully with his head in Steve's lap. Little did Steve know, many nights like this would follow.
“Why?”
“Bisexual, actually.”
"T-Tony?" Steve sniffled, poking his head out from where he sat behind the bed.
“Please, don’t be mad, Darlin’. I just hoped that maybe if I could get you to dinner, I could prove to you how much I really care and how sorry I am for everything.”
“Alright, hey. Good job guys. Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let’s just take a day… You ever tried Shawarma? There’s this Shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don’t know what it is but I wanna try it.”
“Of course I do. Do
“Yours, Tony. All of us are. We just want you to be happy.”
Steve's eyes found their way back to the screen on which the footage continued. Tony dragged himself over to a compartment, hidden behind his microwave oven.
There were two moments that split his heart the most, though. When he came down for movie night to see everyone surrounding Bucky, smiling and laughing, looking at him with pure adoration, so easily replacing Tony, to which Tony immediately turned back around and returned to his penthouse. He suddenly wasn't up for movie night and had JARVIS inform his teammates that he wasn't feeling well before taking a long shower, smoking half a pack of cigarettes, and passing out. And later that same night when he had a particularly horrible nightmare of his father finding that he'd used some scraps of Howard's to build a robotic arm and 'beating some sense into him' before locking him in his room for what was supposed to be a weekend and turned into a month. Tony searched for Steve throughout the tower, knowing his boyfriend would hold him and make him feel safe until he fell back asleep peacefully. However, when Tony found Steve, it was in Steve's old room where Bucky had been staying, and there was an old record playing as Steve held his past lover closely. Finally, a dance with his
“So, I guess we’re dating,” he heard behind him.
“ Rogers was allegedly my soulmate, but that changed completely after we married. He was absent; didn’t care about anything but staying away from home on Avengers business. My mental health declined, and without any support system, I relapsed. I’ve been in rehab. I won’t blame Steve for my issues, but I will say the only time he was around was if he needed help with his own. That’s not what marriage is supposed to be like as far as I’m concerned. Now, I am healthy and happy, and if Steve has a new piece, I can only hope he at the very least learned how to treat a man. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a date waiting.”
"What can I do for you, Stud?"
Steve grimaced at the joke, but he knew that’s just how Tony dealt with things. Saying something more or apologizing would only make him feel bad, so Steve put on a neutral face and said, “I’ve missed you, too, Shellhead. I promise I’ll be here for you always, the best friend you could imagine.”
Tony just smiled and kissed him once more. "Of course, Cap. How could I say no?"
“He’s straight!”
to make an appearance. He even had the audacity to bring along his latest victim, I mean, boyfriend.
"What's the matter with you?" Pepper asked, sitting down next to him.
is what you're questioning? The fucking notice to Fury? Why don't you just leave them on the table once you're done signing and get the hell out of
"Helping Bucky get adjusted? Running off on missions with Nat? Meetings every day with Fury, and we just don't live close enough, so you might as well stay there? Training new Avengers?"
"What the hell is
“Or cuddle.” Pepper chimed in.
"Tony, please." Steve was suddenly inches away from Tony. He took the burning cigarette from his hand and put it out next to the now full glass on the counter.
“Has he cheated on you, Mr. Rogers?”
"Tony, I-"
"He just- Tony just- He likes to flirt. He's just having fun."
"Yeah, douchebag. Now are you gonna come make it right or are you gonna keep dancing with your sluts?"
you." Tony stood, grabbing Steve's shirt by the collar. "As in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late, Honey. Sorry."
"Let's see, go back to getting hammered with people I don't like in the slightest or ditch the skanks for the man I'm in love with. Hmm. Tough call, tough call." Steve blushed at his words. "Come on, Honey Bunches of Oats."
Unbelievable. That's how Steve felt the first time it happened. "Wanna watch a movie, Cap'?"
As he walked out the front door, Steve knew he was doing the right thing. He had to do right by Tony this time.
Tony has nothing else to say, so he just squeezed Bucky tighter.
“You were more than enough! You’re everything I’ve ever wanted, everything good in my world. I know I didn’t show you, and words can’t describe how much I regret that. I didn’t treat you right at all, Tony. There’s no excuses. You were right to leave me..”
"March 23rd."
"Well, some might. I can't make any promises against that. But, I can promise you this. I would've felt a lot better about who I am growing up had I known that the Star Spangled Man on my bedroom posters was bisexual just like me. And I'm sure little Tony Stark isn't the only boy that would feel better."
“I’m not here with Barnes, dumbass.” Steve struck back.
"Yeah, okay. I'll go talk to him."
"Hey," Bucky lifted Steve's chin. "How about you let me worry about Tony, okay?"
Hours and hours of crying to the point that Steve felt like his body had run out of tears, and he was just lying on the floor sobbing, a framed image of he and Tony clutched to his chest. It was from a lovely photo shoot they'd done when announcing their relationship.
The worst of the worst, though, was when Tony had actually forced himself to be around Barnes. How similar they were killed him. It didn't take long for Tony to realize he was just a worse version of Bucky—a replacement. Something to fill the hole left in Steve's life when he lost Bucky so many years ago. He hated himself even more for being so similar to Barnes, yet he thanked God for it because he knew that Steve never would've loved him otherwise.
Knowing Steve, he was just far too kind to let Tony down. He would stick around because he didn't want to hurt Tony. But that wasn't right. And Tony knew what he had to do-
"You don't even keep yourself in this house, so you wouldn't fucking know, would you, Cap?" Steve must've made this question audible. "But that's fine."
, so Steve was sure to get non-alcoholic. The pair laughed and enjoyed each other’s company all night. In one moment, they got quiet; simply holding hands and smiling at each other, suddenly realizing how much they’d missed one another. Once they reached dessert, Steve had Tony sit on the edge of the balcony while he got the record playing again. Tony picked at his cake as he read the love letter.
my boyfriend!"
Steve pulled him into the tightest hug, one he felt he’d been waiting for his whole life.
"Tiffany. Girls. This is my associate, Mr. Rogers." Tony's smug look said it all.
“Do you really believe that?”
"I think I'm ready."
"Why don't you go talk to him, Tony?"
While the hot water ran, Tony helped Steve undress. He eased his boyfriend into the warm water and let Steve relax against the pillow Tony had set up for him to rest his head on.
. The two sat in silence.
. "How about you and I go take a hot bath."
problem? My best friend is sitting in
“What? Tony I-“
"I'm real sorry, about what happened, doll. You know I'd never hurt you on purpose... I just- Stevie really messed up and he doesn't know how to make it better. But I thought you oughtta know that he and I aren't- we..." Tony has never seen Bucky struggle so much, usually so smooth talking. "I love Stevie. But he's not mine to love anymore. I just wanted a little bit of time with him before I had to let go of my best fella for good. But he's yours. Even if I didn't wanna let him go, the way he cried when he realized he hurt you- it was awfully convincing. He loves you, Tony, so much. He just got too worked up over my feelings and some guilt 'cause he found a better fella." Was Barnes tearing up? "But I want you to know, I'll stay out of your way from now on. I didn't mean to give you so much grief. I just wanna see my Stevie happy; you're the key to that."
"Save it, Rogers. Now, if you don’t need anything else from me. The ladies await."
Rogers, standing tall and pretty with flowers. What are the odds he’s taking Barnes out to the same place Tony was meeting his date.
“But you..”
As much as Steve wanted Tony to change his mind, he knew this was all in the best interest of the love of his life. So, he kissed Tony's forehead, lifted him up, and carried him back to bed. Then, he asked FRIDAY to order a small meal from Tony's favorite local diner where they'd eaten dinner the night they moved in. After returning from getting Tony a glass of water, his soulmate was already half asleep. He quickly wrote out a note.
“Well, you’ll have to excuse me. I have a date.”
. Steve collapsed onto the floor as he watched he love of his life relapse. All he could do was watch through tear-blurred eyes as Tony cried and touched the finger shaped bruises forming along his throat and drank and asked JARVIS to reinstate the total lockdown in a raspy, broken voice.
"You're leaving me?"
"We're soulmates, damn it. You don't just break up. You can't just leave, Tony! You work shit out! I know you've got problems, but we've all got problems. I can help you with them. It'll get better-"
"Tony, I've loved you as long as I've known you. I swear. I'm addicted to your laugh-your real laugh, not the one you use to laugh it off when someone says something nasty to you. Your smile is always on my mind, so I'm constantly trying to say something to make you use it more. Every day I've spent with you has been the best day of my life-I just didn't know you felt anything back."
date for Friday."
But it did. The moment he signed the papers to end their union.
"Leave me alone, Rogers."
warming up to him. And he had to admit, this was so much better than hating each other but not wanting the other to die.
"I can't believe I just wasted seven months of my life thinking you actually loved me."
"Aw, why the pouty face, Rogers?" Nat teased innocently. Steve just shook his head in response.
”Woah woah woah, slow down. First of all, you were totally right to leave, Tony. Don’t put yourself down for any of this. It’s all my fault. I’m just surprised. I figured you were gonna tell me you accept my apology but you never want to see me again.”
His plan was working swimmingly. Steve had been so jealous!
“Everything special about you came out of a bottle.”
"String you along? Tony, what the hell are you talking about?"
When Tony fell asleep that night, he felt freer than the day he left rehab with the weight truly off his chest after a year and a half of misery.
Tony had every intention of lying. He hoped he could lie, anyway. Tell everyone Steve was a great husband and that they had a good life and they split because of his own issues. But nothing ever seemed to work out quite like Tony wanted to.
Steve, on the other hand, didn't move a muscle, frozen in his place, completely silent as he stared at his former lover slamming Tony to the floor.
“You may know this person as Captain America.” His eyes fell on Steve in the front row, beckoning him to join Tony. “Come on, Stud.”
“Is he breathing?” Steve pressed his cheek and a hands against the armor on Tony’s chest. Nothing.
"I- I-" And Tony Stark did the one thing he never does. He shut up.
I mean, why
"Tony, when was the last time you ate?"
Splatters of tears gradually soaked the documents in his hands. Steve stayed dead silent.
Steve grabbed his face once more, kissing his soulmate as passionately as he had on their wedding day.
Steve’s hands shook as he watched Tony on stage at the press conference, more so as he got to the closing point needing addressed.
“Friends! Just friends.”
"Well, his idea of fun shouldn't be making his fella cry."
"Excuse us, ladies." Steve muttered through clenched teeth.
“Yeah, well after forty questions about if you were cheating on me, I find it hard to believe tha-“
“I know, Love.”
"I thought you were just being friendly!" Steve defended with a laugh. "I mean, you never even tried to kiss me."
“You’re practically dating!” Bruce insisted.
Tony Stark. "If you'll excuse us, I'd like to speak to Mr. Rogers alone for a moment."
He looked absolutely stunning as he walked out of the elevator with a blonde in a tight, red dress on his arm--wait a minute. Why the hell was there a blonde chick in a tight, red dress on Steve's arm. Tony couldn't take his eyes off the pair as they took a seat at the bar. She threw her head back laughing at some cheesy joke Steve should've been whispering in Tony's ear.
"You really don't get it do you, Steve?" Bruce shook his head in disappointment.
"You know how Tony is, Steve. It's all an act." Nat's statement became less reassuring as Tony stuck his tongue down some girl's throat whose name he probably couldn't even remember.
”I love you, too, Shellhead. Always.” Settling comfortably into the love of his life’s arms, Steve could breathe easily as a weight that had been on his chest for
"I love you, Tones."
“I just- I don’t like it when people say bad things about you.” Steve’s voice was far more sheepish than the
Steve couldn't even finish before Tony was pulling him to his feet and kissing him passionately. Steve's hands grabbed the sides of his face and Tony wrapped his own around his boyfriend—now fiancé's—wrists, keeping them there.
Face paling at the storm of questions, Steve’s nerves started to get to him. Fortunately for him, he was perfectly fine with his rock right next to him, keeping him grounded while answering all their questions nonchalantly.
"A word, Cap?"
“I promise, Tony, I’ll never abandon you like that again. I’m so so sorry it ever got that bad.”
"Nat, come help me find a cute girl to bring to this thing."
as Tony would call it, Steve said, "Iron man, I need to speak with you for a minute."
"God, I can't fucking do this, Steve. Just go away, please."
“I should’ve loved you the right way. I wish I could fix it.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hand.
As the song ended, Steve took Tony's hand and led him to the blanket where they sat together. Steve unpacked all the different foods he'd made that day, feeding Tony what he wanted of each dish and sharing the bottle. Tony had been sober since the
"Now, I won't go so far as to say you would've saved me from the ass beating I got the first time Howard caught me with a boy in my room." Steve winced at the casual mention of Howard's abuse. "But, I would've felt almost normal. You know, aside from the whole genius thing." And as he always did, Tony grinned and made Steve reflect his smile despite what he'd said not a moment before. "But if you're not ready, you're not ready. And that's perfectly fine, Love. My love. My baby.
This was inevitable. Tony knew that from the first moment that Steve was his. Somehow he'd been lucky enough that Steve didn't see all the reasons Tony didn't deserve his love. And that was good, while it lasted. But nothing good ever did. Eventually, everyone saw Tony for what he was. And Tony knew in his heart as soon as they found out Barnes was alive that he had to hold onto Steve as long as he could. Because the minute Bucky returned, Steve would be gone.
"It- it wasn't like that."
"Tony, seriously. What are you talking about?"
It felt like old times, like falling in love, and Tony could no longer ignore the mark glowing brighter each day.
"Wow, you look even stronger in person." A petite, blonde woman in a mini dress started rubbing Steve's arm, which he quickly jerked away, hardly masking the look of disgust flashing across his face.
“Right, I’m a dumbass for assuming those flowers are for your boyfriend.”
"Wait- Steve's crying?"
"Of course we can, Sweet Pea."
“Of course, the Star-Spangled man is up for the challenge,” Tony grinned at Steve’s enthusiasm.
Storming straight past his table where Nat and Bucky still sat, barely keeping their hands of each other, Steve headed straight for the elevator.
"Tony!" He tugged on his boyfriend's sleeve, trying to shout over the music, only to be ignored.
"Thank you, Steve." Tony whispered.
Steve's override code might be out of commission, but Pepper's was not. Happy and Rhodey managed to pull Tony off the floor and carry him to the workshop's bathroom while she cleaned up the shattered glass and discarded bottles and had JARVIS order some dinner. Once the men had Tony in the bathroom, Pepper took over. She ran him a warm bath and was massaging shampoo into his hair by the time he came to. Tony was used to Pepper cleaning up after him, so he didn't question much.
”Your friend?”
Fortunately, Tony was too exhausted from more social interaction than he’d had in months to dwell on it before passing out.
leaving
Why did Tony Stark have to be such an arrogant prick? And why—
"Shh, I know, doll. It's gonna be okay." Bucky ran his fingers through Steve's messy hair. Steve couldn't help but collapse against the man he'd once loved so dearly. New tears miraculously poured from his eyes, soaking Bucky's shirt as he buried his face in the man's chest.
"But, Tony I am-"
Those coffee eyes wouldn't even meet his as Steve placed both hands on either side of his husband's face.
Steve's eyes couldn't be torn from his boyfriend, who was currently paying him no mind. Rather, Tony was heading for a group of already drunk girls in dresses that covered no more than the bare minimum.
“Always.” Steve reassured.
could hang out for a bit.." Tony trailed off.
“Every last one of you acts like you know who Tony is. Do you know he’s the kind of man to lay down his life for his friends, the kind to do everything in his power to make you smile, to make you laugh on your worst days? He’s the kind of man who can help you relax when you’re more tense than you’ve ever been, or help you sleep when you’re terribly restless. He will dry your tears no matter who caused them. So yes, I know what kind of man Tony Stark is. And he’s not the arrogant, party-hard playboy you make him out to be. He’s a man who is so easy and lovely to fall in love with. Now, if you will excuse us. We’re through answering questions about our personal lives.”
Steve wasn't giving up that easy. He chased after Tony, cutting in just before the doors shut.
"Unbelievable," Tony stormed out of the elevator, heading straight for the bar and lighting a cigarette.
"Well, crazy as it is, we didn't get to finish our first lives, and these new ones ain't nothin' like anything we ever thought we'd have. But you're the love of this life for Stevie, and I'm sure this all happened for a reason, 'cause you've gotta be his soulmate, Stark."
In a rough, barely-there voice, Tony told JARVIS to lockdown again and stop taking messages this time. He struggled, but he managed to get himself off the floor and crossed the room on shaky legs to the small kitchen for when he stayed in the workshop for weeks at a time. Tony hesitated slightly as he held his ice-filled glass. After a moment of thought, he'd made up his mind.
them?" Tony dropped what he was doing. "About us?"
"Come on, Nat, we're just friends. You know that."
"Could we just stay in here? If not, it's okay. I get it if you wanna go back.." Steve was precious when he went all soft like this.
So he closed the door on the old lovers as quietly as possible and went straight to the workshop, ordering JARVIS to go on lockdown and not respond to Steve's override code. After nine days working on projects here and there, falling asleep for no more than two hours at a time, and listening to Metallica and AC/DC, JARVIS informed Tony that Mr. Rogers and Mr. Barnes were trying to see him. When Tony insisted he didn't want to see anyone, Jarvis reminded him of the repairs he'd promised to make for Barnes' prosthetic arm.
“Really? Because I think two minutes ago would disagree with you.” He searches Steve’s eyes. “Do you not want this?”
Tony looks like he’s going to say something, but instead, he picks out a rounded cube from a group of them that have been bundled in a hand towel, his gaze unwavering with the wreaths of his irises wrap-arounds of safety. He places the cube in his mouth, and after a moment, he speaks with it clinking against his teeth, protruding his cheek obscenely. “Kiss me, handsome,” he says quietly.
“That is the truth, Tony,” Steve croaks, drenched in desperation. He sounds terrible, and in this moment, Tony hates that he cares. “I couldn’t—Tony, telling you, the only purpose it’d serve was to bring you unnecessary pain.”
“Cool, right? So there’s no question who this belongs to,” Tony says. He gestures to himself with an air of exaggerated pride and straightens in the bucket seat. “And I’d just like for us to take a moment to acknowledge that I showed a lot of restraint here. That I’m a mature adult who chose not to display a bunch of filth and profanities on the placard.”
Rogers cocks his head in consideration. He looks like he knows Tony is full of shit. He grins, boyish and frustratingly endearing. “You actually called yourself the annoying one. At the river. And let me tell ya, I am never forgetting that.”
Tony steps further into Steve’s space, clutches the material of his coat with a strong fist and yanks him closer. “What gives you the right, huh? You’re just locked and loaded with adorable and it’s unfair. And frankly rude. What are their names?”
“Tony, it’s Captain America. Most of the country could probably sympathize with having a crush on the guy.” Laughing, Rhodey adds, “Hell, this whole military base would be happy to swap places with you. It’s not a big deal.”
“Electromagnetic panels,” Tony informs him. He grabs the mock-up of said devices out of the projection and plants them on the vambrace. “And considering your proclivity for playing frisbee with the bad guys and the exponential rate at which magnetic force decreases over distance, they’ll be powered by an arc reactor.”
has dulled the details of what he believed would always just be fantasy--holding another man close, his weight and smell undeniably real, having a man watch him the way Tony is now, like Steve’s something precious and desired. He doesn’t know what to ask for and says as much.
Grinning, Tony runs his fingers over Steve’s shoulder and then shrugs his own magnanimously. “Sure. I could be down for that. Compared to Santa, Scrooge is a win.”
“I wasn’t, that wasn’t—” Tony pauses. “Wait. Is that what you think that was?”
“Probably should have let this breathe earlier,” Tony mumbles, tossing the ice that’s inside the bucket. The sound lances at Steve’s bravery, spikes an involuntary chill up through him, from the arches of his feet and spreading across his shoulders in a rash. “Must avoid a Ralphie moment at all costs. I showed you
From listening to it quiver under his ear, Steve knows the pattern of Tony’s arrhythmic heartbeat. And because Tony tells him in the quiet of the night, he knows that it will never return to normal.
Tony presses his lips on whatever salt skin he can reach to soothe. Steve's damp forehead, his nose, the tremble of his mouth. He says, “Come on, babe. Let yourself go for me. Fuck, want to feel it. Come for me. Please, come for me.”
He drops to Rogers’ side, and relief floods him when JARVIS confirms that he’s still alive, reassuring alongside the color in Rogers’ lips and the thready pulse that shivers, a trill in it’s thump-thump rhythm, against the skin of Tony’s fingers. There’s no water in his lungs, JARVIS tells him reassuringly.
“Dad, I am sitting right here,” Peter interjects with mock indignation.
Steve’s spine bows into Tony’s hold to try and get upright. He lightly taps at him. However, his scrawny form doesn’t get Tony to budge much so he suggests, “Let me up.”
"You’ve got a conference call with your department heads in about an hour, right?” It’s more of a statement than it is a question and it’s in a tone that Tony is practically wired to respond to.
“Shut up.”
“Yeah. Yeah, exactly,” Steve breathes softly, just as soft as his eyes that have widened, revelatory. And that’s trouble because Tony wants to earn that awe over and over again.
“Now, c’mon, that’s just blasphemous,” Steve remarks.
When he finally makes it to his own room, Tony sheds down to his shorts, leaving a trail of his clothes on the floor like snakeskin. He spoons behind Steve, tucking his knees into the back of his husband’s and wrapping him up with a breath of content.
Tony watches them talk animatedly, takes note of how they’re no longer paying attention to the muted TV in the background close captioning a Saturday morning cartoon Peter is a fan of and Steve pretends to allow during breakfast even though he’s clearly obsessed with it as well. Absentmindedly turning a strawberry to mush with the back of his spoon, Tony thinks on this nutrition thing that Steve has implemented due to Tony’s doctor showing concern over his blood pressure ranges. Tony thinks on how Steve also took up the lifestyle change in solidarity even though Tony bitches about it constantly.
"Don't forget your hat. It's supposed to snow later," Tony replies and Steve can see him judging the angles of what to say next and feeling his way forward. “Pete. Hey, you can invite her over anytime. If you ever want to do dinner here. Not saying that you have to but that’s alright with Steve and I. Whenever you want. This is your ho—,” Tony shifts gears, clearing his throat, “She or any of your friends are always welcome here, alright? Same as you are.”
“Is there any version of this where I don’t have to throw myself at you before you grow a conscience, I get made aware that my parents—my
Because Tony’s life is what it is, Steve’s voice is back in the workshop. He’s laughing as he and Peggy share a fond memory, Howard playing a tertiary character in their recollection—they sound completely transferred in time—and Tony’s missed that laugh so much that he aches with it. However, Tony does have some tact, and he’s never wanted to be in the same company as SHIELD, doesn’t feel like changing his stride now. “Do you know if this goes anywhere, J? Feeling a little intrusive.”
Whispering, Tony adds, “We’re kind of in the same boat, then, because I like you a lotta ways. This isn’t bad timing, so that we’re clear. You could never be bad timing. Today’s forecast, however, is a high chance of me hacking right in your face during necking. So beware.”
He’s lax and full of white noise, is drunk with orgasm when Steve mouths gently at him before pulling off. Steve advances an interlude of kisses up Tony’s ribs, flicks over nipples, and warm breath fanning the hollow of Tony’s throat. Brings a rash of gooseflesh over Tony’s skin. When his handsome face has crowded out the blur of the ceiling fan above their bed and crept into Tony’s vision, Steve works his jaw with a click, shifting it between his thumb and forefinger, obviously pleased with himself.
almost entirely lost in honking laughter once the doors opened again.
“And you can fight with it now?” A blooming wonder invades Steve’s voice. He lets himself feel hopeful.
is on the tip of Tony’s tongue, alongside the sour taste of too much vanilla extract.
“Why didn’t you say so? Yes, anything, please,” Steve says, instantly onboard with whatever Tony has up his sleeve and simply tired of melting.
For the second time in a handful of months, Tony shows up in Washington looking for Steve.
“For fuck’s sake, I’ve made it this long, Mom. Don’t get into a snit. Also you’re a hypocrite.” Tony pops a piece of caramel into his mouth, delights in the crystalline burst of salt and spread of sugar on his tongue. “Yum, this is a new favorite. More of this. So you and Wilson have big plans?”
“He’s not anyone’s at the moment.”
Leaning away and sitting back on his haunches, Tony reads him. In the moment, the air between them is so wrought with electricity, Steve half-expects that they could reach out and shock their fingers, Tony asks, “Do you trust me?”
“Not a fan of dampers,” Tony sing-songs, hopping down.
” he says, intoning that that’s the beginning and ending of it.
“Lose the framework and remove the straps.” Tony mentally readies a reply for at least a noise of disapproval from Steve but it doesn’t come—Steve stays favorably engaged—so he continues, “And insert the mock-ups. Yep, there we go. Gorgeous. I don’t pay you nearly enough, J.”
“I’ll take over bedtime duty for the next week,” Tony says, shutting his eyes.
Tony's surliness doesn't discourage Steve and he didn't expect it would. Next to him, the couch gives and there’s a scratch of pencil against paper.
That morning Tony had laughed Steve out of the café they frequent every so often.
“Longfellow is great for what he was but what he was, for the most part, is conventional.” Tony hitches his elbow onto the armrest, thrilled by how the bright autumn sun emphasizes the glint in those impossible eyes. “His writing examined the socio-political climate of his time and that’s definitely admirable but he didn’t take risks elsewhere. He was a fireside poet and reads like a fossil because of that.”
“Yeah, I think so. Still. I’m sorry, too.” Tony pushes up and steers Steve into another kiss, catches every corner of skin, even his chin. “And I love you. That should be said. Can’t forget that. I can’t let you--”
“Are you awake?” Steve asks when he finishes the statement that has no formal punctuation.
“Yeah, yes, yes.”
just say that?”
“Awesome,” Peter mutters as another text comes through.
“Are you planning to come out of the shade?” Tony offers his hand. His smile is free of theatrics and sweet. “I’m happy to help you with that, you know.”
“Fuck, Tony. I want you so much.”
And Tony is more than happy to oblige, loves the feel of Steve’s cock long and thick in his hand, the way Steve instantly hums so contentedly. It’s addicting. Tony wraps a tight hold around him, tugging over and over again, smearing precome and water.
“I’ve got a while,” Sam replies before finally sipping his coffee, but Tony can still pick out the nerves.
The instruction gets Steve’s fingers to clumsily fight with the top of his sweatpants and spring his erection, but the armor returns to the vee of Tony’s legs and obliges--the jut of its cock a function that Steve’s never seen. When it pushes in, a shout-laugh erupts out of Tony’s throat, a high noise of delight and arousal that melts the edges of his smirk and shocks a dangerous and stupid whine from Steve’s own mouth. But neither Tony or the armor pay him any mind, engaged in a round of fucking that rocks Tony back on the the bolted down bench. The tools scatter and clang against the wall with each hard thrust; some fall in a clatter on the concrete floor.
“I’m not drinking flower water, Steve,” Tony complains, punctuating the sentence with a cough. He rubs at his chest. “Shit that hurt. I’ve got that meeting with the mayor, remember? That’s boring enough on its own. Me going without caffeine is an extraordinarily bad idea.”
“Well this is all very domestic and out of my purview and comfort zone so I’m going to give you guys some space,” Sam says, blunt as ever and getting up. He makes for the back of the apartment, but first points to the sectional. “Also my aunt gave me that couch. It’s sacred so bear that in mind.”
The only suitable reaction, the only thing that Tony can do, is lick the leftovers of his name from Steve’s lips.
“Um.” This Tony has to get right. He tries to think back but unsurprisingly, Steve came prepared.
“So?”
“Shit,” Tony swears.
Steve thinks on it, stretching the night out like good taffy and savoring it, but he’s waited so long and every moment feels ephemeral, ready to be snatched away if he even breathes too hard. In the place of an answer that he’d only screw up, he skins off his shirts, whips his belt from the loop of his pants. He’s shuffling out of them when he catches Tony pull his undershirt over his head, sees the shiny-pink ridge that streaks down the middle of his chest.
Tony beats him to the bathroom, nearly tripping over his feet in his scramble out of the bed. Showering together is not something they get to do often, them waking up together already a rarity. They’ve never done it in Steve’s shower and it’s glancing shins and struggling with the showerhead for a bit to get them both under its spray but it’s well worth it for a slippery Steve. Tony is spoiled for choice and Steve doesn’t hide his mutual feeling. Long lashes that are already dirty pool simply by existing are a total felony when they’re spiked and damp-dark, winging down and up unabashedly, go half-sloped.
“Oh. Can’t really counter that. Thanks, Cap. I appreciate it,” Tony says, and then he chugs down the water and the medicine. His tired grin knocks Steve’s heart—and the house of cards—sideways.
on the schedule?” Tony offers, and he can practically see the tension bleeding out of Steve.
“I could buy you a new one,” Tony offers with open hands, smirking.
However, there’s no such thing as post-war.
“I’m sorry for hurting you,” Steve amends, genuine and quiet. “I wanted to avoid it so badly.”
“It’s not that easy.” Loving Peter is, unquestionably. A bright, singular thread that wove through Steve before he even realized, transforming his makeup the same way that loving Tony has. They’re tangled up together, virtually indistinguishable, and impossible to yank apart. But if something were to threaten that combined thread, to cut through it—
Tony grumbles and flips him off.
He swipes what’s leaked to the corner of his mouth, sucks it from the inner bend of his thumb and likes that Steve watches. He likes it even better that Steve hales him up, tracking after his own taste that coats the roof of Tony’s mouth, the space between his teeth and cheek.
“Has someone been telling you that I have morals?” Tony snorts, crossing his arms. “All lies. He’s my boyfriend; I’m pulling rank.”
“Yes,” Steve manages, gathering his meaning.
He’s wrapped up in Pepper’s arms on a nearby cot, and Steve can’t fault him for that.
He seems surprised to see Tony, to hear his name, but pleasantly so, the corner of his lips ticking up before he’s bearing a smile with devastating wattage. Steve gives up on opening the door of a car that is absolutely illegally parked and that alone brings a stupid grin to Tony’s face. “Tony! Oh hey! How’s it going?”
“It’s no problem. I know it’s not much—”
“JARVIS, let’s make this life size for the Captain, shall we?”
“And what if I decide to give you grandchildren?” Peter tosses back because this wouldn’t be complete if smartassery didn’t find its way in.
He’d keep it alongside the sight of Steve straddling Tony, guiding Tony’s cock into him and sinking down with a slack mouth until he’s flush on Tony’s hips. Into the echelons, Tony would etch the peace on Steve’s brow when he starts rolling into slow thrusts like there’s nowhere else he’d rather be. He would permanently catalogue the ratcheting hitches in Steve’s exhales when Tony starts driving up into him, how Steve falls forward into Tony’s embrace after a particularly sharp thrust, reaching for Tony’s hand and twining their fingers.
Stomach tight, Tony rakes his fingers Steve’s soaked hair. The pad of his thumb runs over the shape of Steve's thick brow, strokes the delicate shell of his ear, and then the slash of his cheekbone. Fondly, Tony remarks, “You say that like there’s a chance it’d be anything but.”
Tony’s response is to crunch on another cube, and Steve eats the slush from out of his mouth before it has the time to thaw. Off to the races and denting half-moon marks all the way down tanned arms, Steve gives Tony an enthusiastic lapful.
“Then tag because you’re it, beautiful,” Tony replies, smiling back at him.
“You are getting a lot of mileage out of that.”
“Talk to me,” Tony says, his breath hot on the crown of Steve’s cock.
"I love you more."
As Tony left the kitchen with his drink, Steve glanced over the stack of papers on the kitchen island. Several letters from Peter, excited about school projects and beaming about saving women in his neighborhood from muggings. Formal notices from Pepper, as well as a few notes just asking him to return her calls. Some dated all the way back to April. Finally, Steve found the letter addressed to Nick Fury.
“Yeah, well I counted every day, every minute I spent alone waiting for a call or even a text, wondering why I wasn’t enough.”
He waited patiently for the ends of Tony's mouth to tug into a smile at the pet name, but the man didn't move. Worry spread across Steve's face until Tony opened his eyes, revealing that he had, in fact, been conscious enough to hear Steve. He just wasn't that happy to see him.
Tony had found a man on the internet to take out tonight. How embarrassing would it have been if he sat at home alone after announcing to the world that he had a big date. He really had to start thinking these things through.
“How long have you been dating?”
"Tony Stark, will you-"
"Exactly. You didn't do anything." Rhodey said bitterly. "You just watched. Didn't even try to help Tony."
“But, I know him as the love of my life.” Tony finished as he grabbed Steve’s hand, lacing their fingers together.
"But- but it's not fair, Buck. We're together—to the end of the line. We made a promise-"
Thor and Rhodey were crossing the room looking at Steve almost with intent to kill. Happy, Pepper, and Natasha followed closely behind them. Even Clint and Bruce were walking toward him, all of them saying something or another about Tony. What was this, some kind of intervention?
In a corner with Thor, Steve tried to listen to some story about Jane's accomplishments while very obviously staring at Tony. By now, he was used to his boyfriend flirting with women in public because that's just who Tony was and who he was expected to be. Their relationship wasn't public, of course, and as far as everyone knew Tony Stark was available. It would be more odd for Tony to not be flirting with tons of women than it was for him to be all over several.
”I do, too.” Tony squeezed Steve’s hand back. “But you can’t.” He dropped his hand completely.
“That was-“ Tony finally found his voice moments into the ride home. “Wow, Stevie.”
problem?"
"Oh, er, sure." Why did he sound so angry? "What's wrong, Shellhead?"
"I just, uh, thought
It wasn’t your typical Tony Stark party. Of course, there was no alcohol and a very limited guest list. But it was perfect. Peter, Pepper, Happy, Rhodey—his family were all hugging him tightly expressing how much they’d missed him. The team congratulated him upon his return, and all was right. Well, just about everything, except…
Months passed before the two spoke again  Tony made sure they never even saw each other. Finally, a year since everything happened he finally found himself ready to talk about it. So, he called Steve and asked him to dinner.
It was one thing to cheat on Tony, but to bring her to the event he was hosting? Now, that had Tony absolutely fuming.
Feeling like he was on autopilot, Tony unwrapped himself from Thor's arms and crossed the room to wrap his own around Barnes. "Thank you. I know he's the love of your life," he heard himself say.
“Or say I love you.” Rhodey added.
"Oh my gosh, we're finally gonna lose our virginity?" Tony said in a voice clearly mocking a teenage girl about to have sex for the first time. Steve scrunched his nose at the joke. "Ready for what, Stud?" Tony said in a more serious tone, finally standing and turning to his boyfriend.
Steve reached a hand out as the King sang,
"Hey," Bucky ran his cool, metal hand through Tony's curling hair. "No need to get so worked up, Doll. Just go on up to yer room and make Stevie feel better. Talk to him. Make him see that things're different now. And make sure he knows you were just trying to get his attention with those ladies."
His mouth went dry at the thought that his plan to make Steve jealous enough to give him attention he longed for had only caused his boyfriend pain. Now his poor Stevie was all alone and sad and it was all Tony's fault. He always had to find a way to screw things up. Watch him lose Steve over his own arrogance and ignorance.
Although unusual for himself, Steve immediately went on the defensive. "What the hell are you all talking about? I haven't done a single thing to Tony, he's the one who locked me out and wiped my override code."
, Cap. No promises. No time. No forgiveness. No options. Zero. Zip. Nada. No trust,
, but Tony still felt uneasy as Barnes entered his safe space yet again. Pepper sat up almost shielding Tony, and Thor wrapped his arms around him protectively.
“It was fake. I just wanted you to be jealous, Tony.. I- I love you.”
“Yeah, and I hoped if I found the strength to walk out, you’d stay the hell out of my way!”
"So you two aren't going to this big charity event together, then?"
Putting on his best
Steve said nothing, finally allowing the tears to fall.
“Why were you never there?”
"You don't get it, do you? God, you know I love you, don't you? But you're killing me. Why do you think I started drinking again? To numb the pain of you never being here. Why haven't I eaten more than a granola bar since Sunday? I'm sick, Steve. I was sick well before I met you, but—fuck—I got better. And now, it's all I can do to eat one goddamn meal every few days. My stomach hurts when I think about why you don't come home, but God, it's even worse when I think about why you do. Why can't you just come home because you love me, Steve? Why does it always have to be when you've got a problem? I don't even want to know what it is this time. But it's always something. Someone died or your PTSD is getting really bad. I'd love to be your shoulder to cry on, but don't you realize that I need shoulders, too? Don't you know how many nights I've woken up shivering and terrified thinking I'm in that cave again? And you aren't there to make me warm anymore!"
Bucky who had lost his own soulmate back in their time, had rekindled a friendship and more with Steve. Worst of all, they looked happy together. Steve’s mark had faded to a pale gray. No matter, Tony’s hadn’t been there since the night they signed the papers, so what did he care anyway?
"Please stop, Tony. You know I'd be here with you if I could. It's just-"
"Stevie, I promise. I- I love you so much." Tony was now peppering kisses all around Steve's face in between words, stroking his hair and face, wiping his tears, gently rocking back and forth. "It won't ever happen again, Sweetie. I don't need anyone but you, my love. I didn't mean it, I swear. I just wanted your attention, that's all." He could feel himself rambling but couldn't stop the words spewing from his mouth, nor the pecks he was leaving on Steve's head. "Please, forgive me, Buttercup. We won't tell a soul until you feel okay, SugarBear. Even if that means taking our love to my grave, I swear. Whatever you want, Hun. Whatever you need, Lovely, that is what we’re gonna do. Please, Stevie. Just be okay, with me.
“You love me again?” he hardly even whispered.
And when he did, there Steve was. Kneeling with a small black box in his hands and tears in his eyes.
And Steve realized what he had to do. Tony was right. He was killing him slowly.
Steve feared the reaction he'd get if he made another sound, so he stayed unbearably quiet. Tony had made his way across the room and into the kitchen. Though his feet had to have carried him in the same direction, Steve didn't recall moving.
The pair enjoyed their evening together far more in solidarity than at the huge event. Neither of them particularly cared how pissed Fury would be about how this could damage their precious image.
Tony Stark tried to be the best boyfriend he could possibly be, considering his personal history and their rocky start when the two had first met. Nowadays he spent every spare minute with his lover, and took him out every chance he got. Now, his boyfriend definitely seemed shy about their relationship, but Tony didn't mind. So he made private reservations at his favorite restaurants or went out somewhere they'd never be recognized. They even spent a week in Italy together on "business," and he did everything he could to make it as romantic as possible. The only problem was, Steve didn't like to be very affectionate. They held hands and cuddled regularly, but they had been going out for months and hadn't even kissed! You might find this hard to believe given the playboy tendencies, but Tony was very respectful of his boyfriend's boundaries and would never want to push him to do more than what he was comfortable with. But he was starting to think things were standing still more than they were moving slowly.
"Tony, please." Now was Steve's turn to tear up.
“I know you still love him,” Nat finally broke the silence.
"Oh, give it a rest. I don't even think Shellhead likes men. But thanks for reminding me to find an
The room went quiet when Steve finally spoke.
Tony strode across the room swiftly feeling about as angry as he imagined Banner had to be to go green.
"Oh, Sweetheart. I'm so sorry."
“Surprised you and Barnes can afford a place like this.” He called, unable to control his rage. He knew it wasn’t right to put Steve down over money, but he didn’t care. It was all he had.
Who cared about Steve anyway? His few remaining friends hadn’t given up on saving him, and what more could Tony ask for after the last year of his life?
Giving up on getting his attention in a somewhat nice way, Steve pushed his way past some girls in mini skirts trying to grind against the man he loves.
"I don't think your little boyfriend would like that very much."
"Hold me."
Tony thought for a moment. “Yeah,” he admitted. “I am.”
"B- but, you need to get back- back to N- Nat."
"You know damn well why," Steve lowered his voice. "What the hell do you think you're doing, Shellhead?"
Steve broke down, crying that Tony hadn’t said anything good about him. “Did he lie?” Bucky had to know if Steve had left out the details of why Tony really divorced him.
"He is
A small light filled the dark room as Tony lit a cigarette between his teeth with one hand, rummaging through a cabinet with the other.
"Wait!" He yelled as more tears continued to fall down his face. "How do I- how do I fix it?"
Over the next several months, Steve and Tony got closer and closer over many boxes of takeout, deep talks, and late nights. The team was shocked that they could be in the same room let alone spend practically every day together. I mean, Tony wouldn't even hole up in the workshop without Steve on the couch sketching or reading or talking about his old life anymore. Not to mention, they started noticing the heart eyes Steve never seemed to notice being thrown his way.
Bucky rubbed his shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Stevie.”
“This person is a big part of my life, so we finally decided it’s time to tell everyone. This announcement was not something easy to get to. It’s taken months to feel comfortable enough to share this, so I expect respect in return.”
"Then what
On top of that, the worst part was the reason Steve had been ignoring him. Tony wanting to announce their relationship to the public should have been something wonderful.
"You've gotta stop worrying about me and fix this thing with your fella."
“Does this mean Captain America is gay?”
Who was he kidding? It was all he could do not to grab the back of Tony’s neck and stick his tongue down his throat every time he got so close to his face searching for the perfect insult to get right under his skin. Little did Tony know, he didn’t even have to try. Though, this might not be quite what Tony had in mind.
"I love you, Tony. Always have. Always will. And if somehow, in the end, you find yourself in a better place and think it might be possible to forgive me... Well, I'm just a phone call away. I'll be waiting."
He drove back toward where he'd just returned from, knowing he'd love Tony Stark until he took his dying breath.
Steve knew there was so much more he should have done, but he hadn’t even known there was an issue. Nonetheless, had he been around he certainly would have noticed. Not to mention he was never great at fixing a bad situation and had somehow mad a horrible situation worse. It was all he thought about every last day since June 5
"Who's your friend?"
"I'm just not ready, Tony."
At least it all worked out in the end. Tony drove his shiny, new sports car to their dinner reservations where he was meant to meet this mystery man. He skipped the gel, allowing his hair to curl up where it fell over his forehead, wearing an elegant suit and his favorite cologne. Who knows, maybe this bullshit date could actually become something.
"Doesn't this mean anything to you, Tony?"
"Seven-months-and-not-even-a-kiss-slow?"
"Oh, Shellhead. This is all just too much. You didn't have to do all that."
Before long, they were home from their long day. They decided to end it with Italian cuisine and dancing on the balcony to Steve’s favorite records. Under the moonlight, Tony spun his lover in circles, and Steve held his best fella close.
"Come on. Come on. Come
Eventually, he had to address the press. As usual, there were so many questions which were amplified by his complete disappearance with no notice to anyone but his close friends. Not to mention, divorcing your soulmate wasn’t conventional. Of course, that wasn’t public yet, so it was even worse. Everyone wanted to know where he’d been and if he knew about the “affair” with Barnes.
The lack of response slowed Steve's laughter to a halt. He discarded the paper for Fury and examined those remaining on the countertop.
"Shh," he tried to comfort him, stroking his hollow cheek, but Tony just pushed him away.
"I'm telling you, he looks just like Fury!"
Tony didn’t know why he’d said it. He was just fuming with anger and wanted Steve to feel even an ounce of the same. That marriage broke Tony down, and he just moves on like that? Well, two can play at that game. Now, Tony just had to find a date.
“Right, cause you’re just so concerned about my health, huh, Rogers?” Tony didn’t have to put up with this. He briskly pushed past them to find better companions to converse with.
he’d put on for the press.
!" He whispered under his breath, praying the doors would open faster and cursing his watery eyes when the security retina scan failed.
“Hey, Shellhead?”
Before long, Tony had finished both the repairs on Bucky's arm and the pack of Marlboro's he'd just opened. He dug his fingernails into the palms of his hand watching Steve help Bucky get his arm attached and adjusted.
At least they were teammates. At least they always helped each other out when needed. Steve could live with that much. Though, Tony not wanting Steve to die doesn’t necessarily mean he likes him, but it was enough, for now.
It was hard to argue with that logic. Several young women surrounded Tony, only lacking drinks in their hands if they were dancing on him, and to make matters worse, he did not hesitate to let his hands wander across their bodies.
Nat and Tony sat together eating cookie dough ice cream watching an old favorite movie on Netflix. He’d already gotten out all his anger, and it felt good to actually stand up to Steve. But now, he just needed his best friend.
a hundred years was finally lifted.
house?"
tank top and sweatpants that hadn't been worn for 23 days straight as he dried himself. Pepper helped him make his way out to the couch where she settled him in under some soft blankets. Bruce brought in takeout from Tony's favorite Thai restaurant as Pepper curled up behind him, knowing it would do him best to be the little spoon even though he'd never allowed it when the two had dated.
"Don't get what?"
"Oh, uh okay.."
“He’s not my boyfriend, Tony.”
he thought as he pulled into his new home. He couldn’t bear to return to the place where he was so low, he couldn’t see the sunrise in the distance, almost hoping it would just stay dark forever; where he felt he was drowning each day. So, he sold it and found a new place that was fully set up by the time he checked out of rehab.
This was a dangerous thought coming from Tony stark. Especially when in reference to his boyfriend who'd been ignoring him all day.
Steve very nearly yelled at him for behaving like this when he noticed the tears streaking down his face. "Aw, Tones. Don't cry. C'mere." Steve pulled him into a hug, but Tony pushed him away. "Okay, what is going on with you?"
"Calm down, Stevie." A large hand appeared on his back.
Pepper tried to rein in the attention she’d temporarily shifted to Tony and close the conference which wasn’t too difficult considering how Steve had just stunned practically everyone. Even Tony didn’t know what to say, so he followed Steve’s lead out of the room and to the car where Happy waited patiently to drive them back to the Tower.
“When we fought together in the Battle of New York, there was a moment. It wasn’t sepia-toned or saccharine, not that kind of thing. We were fighting for our lives, and we pulled off this, god, video game move with my repulsors on his shield,” Tony starts, recalls, he can almost taste the buzz still. He continues, “No rehearsal, no practice, or even really having to try. I knew what to do, and he knew what to do, and it fell into place with ease. Everything with him is that effortless. It’s been there from the get. It’s not about Pepper, but if you’re asking where she comes in, it’s right there.”
“I was just saying I didn’t expect to see you, Tony. I don’t actually mind that you’re here. I’m glad that you’re here.” Under Rogers’ tired eyes, his cheeks are stained a light pink which creeps to his nose. “I, um, I thought they’d been dreams. You saving my life. But they must have been memories.”
Dispatching his shirt, and with a knowing smirk, Tony says, “Oh, Rogers, you delicious troublemaker. You were made for me, weren’t you?”
“Yep. Always.”
Tony chokes out a sob that feels pulled right out of his bones.
Rhodey cracks up, and that’s so great that it makes Tony smirk even harder. Tony’s so happy he’s here.
“Yeah,” Steve says. He means to convey more but it’s cut off by a whimper that sharpens into a cry when Tony’s hand slide to his front and tease his nipples, pulling and pinching. Tony starts fucking him in earnest and Steve pushes into the fast and filling rhythm that Tony gives him. Incredibly, it’s even better, the two of them moving together. Steve isn’t going to make it, isn’t up to the task. The familiar firebrand of an orgasm is coiled in his belly, draws up his balls. He clutches around Tony’s cock and rides back, seeking. “I’m too close. Touch me. I need you to touch me.”
Drawing back from a damp kiss, Steve tells Tony, “We’re two men.”
Groaning, Tony remarks, “I truly can’t decipher whether that’s blind loyalty talking or just your gigantic-ass ego. And that’s a reprimand coming from me, Cap.” Decisively, he leans in and meets Steve’s eyes. “I saw the video. Barnes wasn’t pulling any punches. All jokes aside, the only reason you’re alive is because of that serum.”
, you asked me to buy Netflix!”
Tony interrupts whatever Steve’s saying to Peter. “Marry me.”
"Sarcastic, snarky," Steve supplies.
Steve clears his throat. “No then. I don’t mind. Go ahead.”
Roughly, Tony bucks against the armor, and Steve dreams about letting Tony take control. His mind ventures over the dirty whisperings that would be licked into his ear, a gleaming and playful gaze watching over him as Tony turned Steve’s strength into a submissive thing, pinning Steve where he wants him, choosing the pace and when Steve gets to come. He thinks of his name on Tony’s lips, and it’s so vivid he can almost hear it.
Steve is watching him. Tony can feel it, disbelief and concern like heat rays out of each pretty blue eyeball. “When’s the last time you’ve slept?”
“God, but you’re pretty,” Tony breathes. He snatches Steve up and kisses him, thrilled by the how slick and malleable Steve’s mouth is. Tony’s new mission in life is to exhaust every variation of Steve’s kisses.
“Nope,” Steve agrees, passing over a blue book and a pen. He gets behind his computer, booting it up.
replays over and over in his head.
“I don’t have proof. I should start by saying that,” Steve tells him, prudent with his tone. “However, I do have my intuition and my gut feeling says that it’s true. No matter how much I wish it weren’t. You remember what I told you about about Lehigh? When I went back?”
“A grease monkey?” Tony ventures.
“Who would’ve thought, huh?” Steve says, just north of doubt.
“Nope,” Tony says with a soft pop and then he collects a slow and full kiss that Steve is only too happy to give, muggy as it may be. “Just trying to remember the moral of a story about a turtle and a rabbit, you know?”
The corner of her mouth comes up in a slash. “I’m curious as to how you know that. Paints a pretty picture if I’m honest.”
Tony groans, put-upon, and Steve tells him to
Steve helps carry May Parker’s casket up the steps of a small church in Queens on a mizzling Sunday in late August. It’s a private gathering—he, Tony, and Happy, a few of Peter’s friends and teachers from school, and May’s co-workers. Steve isn’t sure how religious May was, if she ever actually stepped inside of the church that, according to Peter, with its baroque arches and lush flowerbeds always caught her eye but the pastor’s words are kind and compassionate. Peter trembles at the podium, cheeks wet with tears when he speaks despite his attempts to keep stony-faced and between the two of them the service is short but it’s nice all the same.
It’s senior year and Tony is at a zero dollar balance when it comes to giving a fuck.
“Thank you,” Steve says finally and those two words are the most tender that Tony’s ever heard him and what has always been an uncomplicated want shifts into something deeper, sentimental and burning between Tony’s belly and spine.
, Tony whispers honeyed things down the length of Steve’s back and, akin to forget-me-nots, places kisses where the words leave off. Tony travels from the line of Steve’s shoulders to the taper of his waist, and he doesn’t stop. Tony uses his hands to hold up the bends of Steve’s hips and cinch him closer, to palm the swell of his ass.
Sam, frighteningly terrible at looking after himself. And it’s like an instinct, you know? To take care of him. All I want to do is cuddle up with him, and make sure he doesn’t suffocate himself in his bedsheets because that’s a real possibility. And I want to ply him with chicken noodle soup and get him healthy but I shouldn’t because he’s not mine—”
Steve pauses considerably with a pinched mouth, like he’s readying himself, like maybe he doesn’t want Tony’s help and he’s piecing together a way to put it politely. “Tony, listen. There’s something that—”
“Trying to fall asleep. Failing miserably.” Tony sighs. His forehead scrubs the back of Steve’s shirt with an audible noise of frustration. “Fuck, that kid’s got shadows in his eyes that I don’t think will ever leave, Steve. Thanks for letting him stay here.”
“And what guarantees that we can?”
“I can’t do this,” Steve says, fault lines littered in his voice.
When Peter speaks up again, it’s hesitant. There’s a fit in his fingers. Steve's never seen him so nervous and he has an intuition for what's ahead. “I, um, overheard Tony talking to his lawyer the other day. About adoption stuff and letting me live here. You know about it already, don’t you? I mean, you’d have to.”
Odds are, Steve had been referring to the city, but in a short time, he manages to make the tower resemble something like home. After a tour that ends awkwardly in the open space of Steve’s studio—
“Come here. Up now,” Tony demands, greedy hands reaching down to Steve’s shoulders. Steve is helpful, rising smoothly to his feet and clicking their hips flush together with a grind. He bends his head down to suck on Tony’s tongue and the kiss quickly turns lush and deep, equal parts sweet and possessive. Tony runs his hands down Steve’s back until his fingers slide home to Steve’s ass, squeezing. “What can I do for you? What do you need?”
“Psh. Kids are so fickle these days. Here gimme.” Tony takes Peter, who barnacles to him once Steve passes him over. He and his tugboat-patterned sleeper smell like baby powder and the plant-based laundry detergent Steve prefers, soft with chamomile. Underneath, is a scent that doesn’t have a name aside from Peter. It has Tony‘s heart flooding with warmth when he takes an indulgent moment to nuzzle and breath him in. “Okay, let’s give Cappa a break, huh?”
Steve looks skeptical, one eyebrow high and lips quirked, but he doesn’t comment. Instead, he leans over and presses a tender kiss to Peter’s forehead, boops noses. “Night, sweetheart. I love you.”
Tony fucks him on all fours until Steve can no longer hold himself up, and it’s enough. Getting to suck Tony off in the shower and still feel him in the back of his throat and in the soreness of his scalp during a debrief is plenty. Steve knows the shape of Tony’s lips when pants and trembles turn them pliant; he knows the smile slackened with pleasure that softens them even more when Tony’s body takes in Steve’s cock like another part of itself.
“Can’t have you miffed, then.” Tony laughs softly, a skip against Steve’s mouth. Not enough for a real kiss but enough for Steve to feel the shape of Tony’s smile and, personally, Steve can think of few things that rank higher than that. What follows can’t truly be called a kiss either, more a scuff of lip-on-lip, paced and deliberate.
The first thing Steve notices is the steering wheel that’s covered for an unveiling. But from the passenger’s side, Tony points out the placard that sits on the dash, instead. Engraved, it reads: 1967 Camaro RS Steve Rogers, a special edition. “How about that? Jeez, you really thought of everything.”
“Except maybe I’d have decided to drop out of this search for your precious Bucky, huh?”
“That’s an exaggeration of events, Tony,” Steve says dryly, recovers the lube and dribbles it across his fingers. And because he’s Steve, there’s a lengthy, precursory of warming—slippery, dexterous, and poised to set Tony right off. And because he’s Steve and is no better than Tony with sex on the horizon, when he’s back, has removed the arm from Tony’s face, he’s everywhere and in. Sure fingers sink into Tony and stretch him open with twists that are familiar and strategic, deliberate strokes that ripple sparks throughout Tony and light up his spine when they rub across his prostate, tug on his rim.
It’s remarkably good and easy.
Steve’s heart is sore in his chest, and hope is hesitant to trudge through. Fearful that his words could turn the two of them foul once more, Steve drags Tony into a hard kiss that distracts him from the handjob, and lasts all the way to the center of his bed where their hips click together and move with impatient thrusts. Their hands skid without brakes over skin, sinew and juts of bone, like they’ll never see this opportunity again, and the thought makes Steve’s breath catch and knot. He white-knuckles the cords of Tony’s arms, desperate for something to steady him as his air comes out short, shallow, and panicked.
“It’s an even bigger tragedy than all that polyester. FYI, keep away from hot surfaces while you’re there. You’re currently a walking fire hazard, hubby.”
“How is it?”
“I don’t—it’s just,” Relate to it as he may, the frustration in Peter’s voice claws at Tony. “I mean, you’re so cool about it and he’s treating me like I’m still a little kid. And it feels like. It’s like he hates that I have these powers. It’s almost like he hates—”
Steve peers back and Tony is lost at sea, baptized in blue. “Um, two border collies, they’re both six. Brothers. And they’re rambunctious, to say the least. You mix that with shedding season and it’s an unparallelled disaster. I have to lint-roll between coffee and Good Morning America.”
Eyes identical to his own are bright and brilliant, his mini chatterbox talking a mile a minute and Tony remembers the worst night of his life. He remembers uploading JARVIS to the Mark XLVI in his workshop at the tower and coming across an encryption in the lines of code by pure happenstance since the configuration is routine and hardly warrants that much of Tony’s attention. A thirty-seven minute long decryption had led to video. It was hours of Peter sneaking,
“Yeah, he does that,” Tony says, turning on his heel with a smile that feels tight and hasn't been easy in days.
Steve tries desperately not to fidget, tries to remember that Tony would never hurt him, and tells himself to stop being ridiculous. He attempts to check his psychosomatic chill, but his fingers shake all the same until—suddenly at Steve’s side and a mirror of earlier—Tony’s quell them.
The video is stamped as chamber three of the lower deck, and there’s Rogers in his original uniform that Tony knows is lacking any protection actually worthwhile—he’s seen the specs and his father’s notes—going hand-to-hand with the guy from the CCTV footage that Tony can’t find anything on but somehow instinctively knows is an actual threat to Steve Rogers. The unidentified individual doesn’t miss a beat. The audio is composed with the dense sound of their hits and their punched-out grunts. After a slide down the slope of a scaffold and the chase after a flat object Tony can’t discern in the feed, Rogers makes an order, repeats it, and, when it’s not followed, bone snaps, a sharp and quick crack.
“He's discussed it with me. He didn't want you to know about it quite yet but Tony's never done well with hiding what he wants.”
“He does. And we’ll be there every chance that we can and we’ll take care of him. Always. We’ll love him.”
“Please do,” Tony says, barely gets it out.
Tony’s heard all about Natasha’s matchmaking. He nearly bent out of shape howling at the story Steve told him about the accountant with the lip piercing, begging Tony to
“The Winter Soldier is an assassin that works, well worked, for Hydra.” Sam leans in, his eyes serious and voice staying low, no louder than what Tony needs. “He’s been working operations for them since the sixties, and they sent him after Fury when he got too close. Same with Steve.”
Tony eyes him. “You’re not the boss of me.”
“Nothing,” Tony admits softly. “We can’t guarantee that he’ll never hurt again. We can’t even guarantee his safety, especially with his propensity for flinging himself off high rises.”
in Steve’s veins. Peppered with would-be kisses, he says, “Okay, okay, so I’m not positive I’ll actually make it through this. You. Each time, it’s too, god, you are too fucking hot, Steve. Don’t want to take my hands off of you.” In a whisper, tucked away—though it doesn’t hide the depth of what he ends up saying—Tony admits, “Get me closer than anyone else ever has.”
“Same to you, honey,” Tony replies, a little short-winded and shaky, flattering and sounding like how all of Steve feels. “Such a turn when you watch me, even better when you watch me take in your dick. I love that you get off on it.  Love having you deep, how big you are, how hot it feels, feeling you everywhere in me. You fill me up so good, babe. Goddamnit, you’re mine.”
“Tony and I have been through the repulsor addition discussion a little more than once,” Steve shares with a laughing smile. “He’s learning but it is a slow-moving process. You get used to it.”
