“Hey guys!” A red headed blur waltzed up to them, before wrapping her arms around Cas and slapping a kiss on his cheek. Dean froze, his jaw clenching as a wave of jealousy and pain washed over him. He never knew he would be able to feel his heart physically ache until he’d met Cas, and now that was all it seemed to be doing. He slipped away, so the two
“All good, man. Uh, I’m Dean, by the way. This here’s Chuck.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, trying to ignore the mess of a napkin sitting in front of him.
“Sure honey, if you think that’ll help. You want me to get you an appointment with the doctor?” Luckily his mom had turned her attention to Sam when she suggested it; otherwise she would have seen the look of pure panic cross his face. Before she turned back, Dean schooled his face into one of indifference.
Turning his body to face Cas, his heart sped up along with his breathing. Even in his forties the prospect of kissing someone gave him a little thrill. Well, not everyone gave him that feeling of lightness, but Cas certainly did.
“Sorry hun. He really did. But Cas… he didn’t fight back, much. He said he deserved it, but promised he didn’t know you were underage. Since you were in the club, he said he thought you were at least eighteen.” Dean smiled, because his mate had found him.
“All good. We pretty much just got here anyway. So… you talk to Cas last night?” Dean had told him at school that Cas had wanted to talk, so it was the least he could do to tell his curious friend what had happened. Minus the sexting, of course.
“What should I do?” Sam sounded so scared, like the little boy who had just wet the motel bed him and Dean shared while their dad was out on a case. He did now, what he did then. Reassured him everything would be fine, even if he was having a very hard time believing it himself.
“CAS?!” Dean was screaming, even loud to his own ears, but it wasn’t like anyone was around to fucking hear him. His devastated howling would hopefully attract some wild animals that could put him out of his misery, because what was the point in a world without Cas? It was more than he could cope with, the screaming, the crying, the cry of a wounded animal losing its mate, howling to the moon at the sheer horror he was faced with.
“You gonna move or make me do all the work?” Dean shivered when Cas drew all the way out, just leaving the tip of his cock buried within the omega.
Closing his eyes and fighting back a lump in his throat, Dean rinsed his mouth out and turned out the light.
how had he not noticed it?  It actually scared him a little. At least he hadn’t slicked up, that would have been embarrassing.
with him, but I wasn’t gonna stick my hand up and shout it out for the world to hear.” Chuck gave him a small, sympathetic smile. “I prefer my kidneys
“I don’t know what you mean.” Dean knew he sounded petulant, but he was freaking out something fierce, so he didn’t care. Benny sighed and scratched at his beard.
“So, mom and dad didn’t want me to tell you, but it’s about Cas and I figured you’d want to know because he’s your baby’s dad.” Sam finished in a rush, like he needed to get everything out or it’d poison him. Sam never was very good at keeping things to himself. Dean raised his eyebrows, and nodded. “So… turns out Cas is Gabes older brother.”
He shook himself slightly, not allowing the primal urges of his body to steer him. He had control, he was
“Well that’s just bullshit.” Dean knew neither of them could do anything about it, and that grated on him something fierce. He was so distracted that he didn’t even realise he was walking out the door of the bar until the chill breeze hit him in the face. Blinking, he refocused on his date, who at some point had taken Dean's hand and laced their fingers together.
“I don’t think we should see each other again.” The words fell out of Dean’s mouth, but not the ones he meant to say. Dean felt the alpha freeze, but he didn’t pull away. His blue eyes crinkled at the corners in confusion, and Dean saw flashes of hurt and disappointment, exactly what he had feared. Maybe Castiel would just leave, and Dean wouldn’t have to explain himself.
Thrusting steadily, with a frankly ridiculous amount of precum slicking the way, he imagined Dean stretched out in front of him, preparing himself for his alpha. Ghostly fingers, slick with Deans own saturations, probed at his entrance, easing the muscles apart to accommodate his considerable length. Castiel groaned at the image, sweat and precum alike, dripping from him in droves.
be caught staring.  “Um, Taylor Swift?” Dean braced himself for what was surely going to be horrifically traumatising laughter and quickly wondered if his parents would consider home schooling him.
“So, I kinda need to talk to you guys about something.” He needed them to understand the seriousness of his situation, because if those other alphas found him, and he wasn’t wearing Cas’ special concoction… well, it didn’t bear thinking about. Sam looked at him sharply, because he knew how closely Dean guarded his secret.
Still laughing, Cas slithered out of his own briefs. He grabbed Deans hand and navigated it between his legs. Dean flushed when he felt the tell-tale wetness of lubricant coating Cas’ cleft, and when he plucked up the courage to delve deeper, he found Cas’ puckered entrance practically dripping with the stuff. Tentatively, making sure to catch Cas’ eye and hold it, he dipped his finger into Cas’ body, and shook with desire at the absolutely unholy sound Cas breathed forth.
“Since I moved here, not a single person of romantic entanglement has laid in this bed or even been in this house.”
“I’m just gonna clean you up a bit while the others find some herbs that Cassie needs.” Gabriel, must be him because he’s the only one that uses that stupid nick name. “I just – you saved my life back there, Dean. Thank you – thank you so much.” Dean groaned out what was meant to be a ‘no problem, dude’, but sounded more like a gurgle instead.
Absolute and utter silence met his confession, and Dean was terrified. He was sure Cas wasn’t even breathing, but he hadn’t moved from where he was stretched over Dean. After the day he’d had, he couldn’t stop the tears that began to leak from his eyes, so he turned away to hide his shame, to let Cas leave without seeing Dean break open before him.
When the lights flickered back on, Cas looked at Dean with wide eyes, before they slipped their fingers apart. Dean made sure to drag his fingers over the inside of Cas’ palm, then down his wrist in his retreat. Cas closed his eyes and shivered, before smiling softly, drawing his bottom lip between his teeth.
What he wasn’t prepared for, was the cool water enveloping him with a quiet splash. He doubted even the alpha would have heard it, over the howling of the wind. Wiping the water from his eyes, the first thing he noticed, was it was
person I know.” Dean was about to scoff when he felt Benny’s big hand cover his, and squeeze. “If I’ve learnt one thing around here, it’s that life is shit, no matter where you live, and people die.” Dean couldn’t help but agree, nodding his head slightly. “Accidents, shitty, random
He collapsed back onto his sweat soaked sheets, giving no heed to the mess he was about to make. He would take care of that when the hell he was about to go through was over. Looking down, he assessed his phallus, trying to gauge how bad his rut would be. Usually he could tell, based on the general size of his uninflated knot, how intense the three days following would be, but it was only a rough guide.
“Who’s your favourite?” Cas asked, voice quiet and strangely deep. Dean knew he could lie and say Black Widow, like any normal straight guy would say, but he had
“Sam I’m forty.” What self respecting forty year old man was on Grindr? Dean shook his head in disbelief, eating his own slice of pizza while chuckling lightly at his brothers idiotic idea.
Grindr had been a quagmire of unwanted dick pics, trolls and dead ends, but he hoped his date tonight would turn things around.
Cas shifted in his seat, and Dean was hoping it would be closer to him, but he just adjusted his jeans. Dean snuck a look; he was doing that a lot that night, and caught a glimpse of the bulge in Cas pants.
“Dude, I’m sorry.” Dean held Sam back at arm’s length, and gave him a smile. “I’m fine though, see?” Dean’s placation was interrupted by Sam being roughly pulled out of his grip, only to be replaced by a tooth baring alpha.
“You feel ready.” Cas intoned it like a question, slipping his fingers out and staring at Dean with his big blue eyes. Dean just bit his lip and nodded, watching as Cas gripped himself. Dean spread his legs, giving Cas room to shuffle up the bed and lean over him. He braced one hand by Dean’s head, the other he used to gently guide himself into Deans leaking hole.
it. If he talked to Cas, the jocks would no doubt jump to the conclusion that Dean was of the same opinions, even if he
His smile fell, and his heart rate about quadrupled when he saw Cas meandering down the beach, only in the shortest boxer briefs Dean had
“We didn’t know if you’d want him to know. So we sort of left that bit out.” He didn’t know whether to be relieved, or terrified. At least he’d get the chance to tell Cas face to face that he was a father.
He waddled back to the bathroom, and sagged back down onto the ground. He couldn’t gather the additional energy to get back into the tub, so the tiled floor of the bathroom would have to do. Benny removed the chair and pushed aside most of the things Dean had gathered for himself. Dean was about to protest when he saw Melissa carry a big bag in and set it down. When she opened it, he saw it was full of a lot more useful medical stuff than what he’d managed to scrape together.
“Uh, I’m gonna go let Cas and Gabriel know what we found. You two have fun.” Sam blushed deeply, and glared at Dean. The omega just wriggled his eye brows back. He was always gonna be the big brother, no matter what.
He nodded, though, because he needed to be the stable one. Cas was running on pure instinct, and Dean had to show him what he wanted. Moving slowly, Dean stood, and placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders. He guided the alpha until he was sat down against a nearby tree, breathing heavily.
He was sure that sound would follow him past his grave, it rang in his ears long after Cas had fallen silent, probably, like Dean, passing out from the sheer amount of shock running through their systems.
He had to agree there, he really had no idea. From what Chuck had said though, he was a good guy and Chuck was an excellent judge of character. He hadn’t made a new friend in a long time, and he did need the practice before he headed off to college.
Just as he started to mentally list all of the things that could wrong that day, Chuck appeared on the other side of the door.
” Cas’ ragged breaths and staggered moans were chubbing Dean up, he just couldn’t help it. Being scented by a hot dude, who smelt of
Despite his alphas possessive grumblings, which Dean found absolutely adorable, they decided the safest thing to do was head back to the cave.
They made it back to camp just in time for it to start pouring down, rain so thick Dean could hardly even see through it. His dads lessons kicked in and he saw Sam thinking the same thing.
Standing either side of the door, Dean breathed a small sigh of relief when it eased open without a squeak. Apparently the universe was on their side for a change.
“My favourite would have to be Thor.” He seemed to stop and consider for a moment before continuing. “There’s just something about him.” Dean wasn’t expecting Cas to say that, but he tried to hide his confusion. Cas didn’t need to hide himself like Dean did, Cas had a girlfriend so that pretty much cancelled out any argument any one could make on Cas’ sexuality. He was obviously comfortable and secure enough for it not to be a big thing for him. Cas had obviously gotten over what had happened with the popcorn, and if he wanted to pretend like it never happened, well Dean could live with that. Pretending was his game, and he was the
“Nice to meet you, Dean. I’ve heard a lot about you.” She smiled cheekily at him, and Dean saw Sammy having a run for his money when it came to snark.
His heart almost exploded in his chest when Cas grinned, an honest to god, teeth and gum filled face cracker.
Of course it wasn’t legal, he was still a human for fuck sake, but that didn’t mean it didn’t still happen.
“I hate those fucking jocks.” Dean grimaced, wondering what the hell the football team had done. It didn’t take much to ruffle Chuck’s feathers, and when they were ruffled, the culprit usually ended up deep fried in the newest chapter he was working on.
They were almost at the cave. He must have dozed off. Or, passed out. That was probably more likely. His thoughts were short and fast, he couldn’t actually hold one for long enough and it was super annoying. Cas was saying something, and then he felt a cool cloth wipe across his face.
Urg, the whole thing was such a shit storm. He didn’t blame the kid, or anything stupid like that, no, the only one stupid in the whole situation, was Dean.
Sam had described him, with slight mirth, as dressing as if he were following the tour path of a band which started in the nineteen eighties. Castiel had had to research just what Sam had meant, but after meeting the omega, he could see what the other alpha had meant. A dark tee-shirt, covered by a green canvas jacket, hugged his lean, muscular body, a sight which had Castiel physically having to restrain himself. His long,
“Dude, we have the rest of our lives to figure our shit out.” Cas seemed to relax a bit, which was good. Dean didn’t know why he was worried. What was he gonna say, ‘oh god you’re an awful alpha for getting so turned on by me you can’t cope?’
The weeks flew by, and Dean couldn’t wipe the smile off his face. His teachers even noticed an improvement in his attitude, they even sent a letter home to his parents congratulating them on good parenting.
Of all the asshole things in the universe to happen, the fact that he was still vomiting a week after his attack really pissed Dean off.
“So do you think you’ll try your luck again on that dreaded app?” Cas was watching him, head tilted to the side. He was almost close enough that Dean wouldn’t need to do much at all to close the gap between them.
Castiel kissed his omegas head, and scented him gently, careful not to exacerbate any of Deans injuries. When Dean made an enquiring sound, Castiel pulled back, and placed his forehead on his mates.
He sent letters, of course, to his family. They were doing well; Sammy was of course excelling at Stanford, although he wasn’t one to boast about it. Their mother, on the other hand, she had no problem raving about her youngest son’s achievements. His father was, as always, fairly brief, simply talking about the garage and what Rufus and Bobby had been bickering about that week. It was normal, it was
in the dust. “Well, you and your moment are more than welcome to stay here, but I just heard Mom and Dad get home. So unless you want your dinner cold…” Dean left the threat hanging in the air as Sam got up slowly, looking back at Dean from the doorway.
“Your – your brother?” Dean actually did squeak that time, but he didn’t care. Cas was still within his reach. Sam looked at him like he had grown an extra head, and Cas tilted his. The other guy, Gadreel, extended his hand.
Gadreel.” His brother knew what he was referring too, because he alone knew Castiel had almost given up on finding a mate. Dean was
“Thank you, Cas.” Dean whispered, a small smile spreading across his face. But the conversation had got way too heavy, way too quickly. Dean needed to lighten the situation.
“Hey bud, let’s get you to bed.” He was so used to Dean looking after him; it felt strange having the tables turned. Dean looked like he was going to follow, but instead he reached out and grasped Sam’s arm.
Looking down, he saw his mate was draped over his legs, head nestled on his pelvis. Must have been the only place he didn’t get supremely beaten. Looking sideways, he saw Sam was tucked right up beside him, and Gadreel was spooning him. Urg he didn’t need to see that. Gross.
“What’s up?” Dean kept his voice quiet, not wanting to disturb the sleeping souls draped here and there.
In the face of such maturity, Dean just felt like a pathetic teenage fuck up that got himself pregnant. The guy clearly had everything together, so why would he even bother with Dean? He was probably even mated, which Dean hadn’t even thought about. He’d probably deny Link was even his, and throw money at Dean until he went away. Oh
was scary as hell. He knew Cas would never push him into doing anything he wasn’t comfortable with, and he loved the guy for that but it still made Dean all warm and squishy inside when he thought about it too hard. He cleared his throat, trying to regain his composure.
sometimes.” Dean barked out a surprised laugh, because hearing Castiel swear was the funniest thing ever.
Dean. You’re passionate and you care about your family.” Cas shrugged, a small smile replacing his sad one. “What’s not to like?”
omega chose to be my mate.” Dean blushed because Cas always knew exactly what to say. He wasn’t that great.
Cas. How can – how can I go on after this?” Dean shook, and Cas was still. He looked like he was barely breathing, but Dean knew he was still
The omega threaded his fingers through his alphas hair, tugging on the soft locks as his nipples were nipped and bitten. A shudder ran through him, and fresh slick gushed out when Cas pulled back to breathe hot air over the aching peaks.
this guy was older, but he’d been at school with them, a few years back. He was – shit, there was a connection there that Dean was forgetting, it was on the tip of his tongue –
His dad walked in and froze, staring at Dean, and then at the bundle in his arms. He expected a fight. He expected a screaming, horrible, tear streaked escape from the house.
interrupting something.” Gabriel chuckled, and went to lean up against a tree. His face didn’t look too bad, so Dean must not have punched him too hard.
“Only the best for my patrons.” He smirked at them before waving his arm over towards the bar. Huh, ok, so the guy owned the place, no big deal. Dean and a slightly sick looking Chuck followed the blonde, suave Englishman and he situated them at a table, before disappearing to get them some drinks. Chuck waited until he had left, and almost launched himself over the table to whisper urgently to Dean.
“But you did find me, safe and sound.” Dean slipped his fingers through Cas’ hair. “Unsullied too.” His alpha whined and buried his face in Dean’s thigh.
Surprisingly to Dean, Cas lit up. “That could be most beneficial, thank you.” As the alpha started the sorry story of his latest case, Dean sat back, entranced by the passion and fire in Cas’ voice and he hoped to every deity he didn’t believe in that Cas wanted him as much as he did.
The blockers ran out last night, remember?” Cas was breathing heavily through his mouth, and clearly trying very hard not to step any closer to Dean. He was thankful for his restraint, but as he thought about it…
“I didn’t, no.” If it were possible, Castiel face fell further and the poor alpha looked devastated a second time. Dean hated seeing that look on his face.
Cas sighed, clearly seeing he couldn’t fight what Dean was saying. “Alright, I see the logic in your argument.” Dean grinned and squirmed his way into the alphas embraced. They scented gently, careful of Deans belly cradled between them. “Despite my trepidations, I am very excited to meet our little one.” Dean hummed and kissed Cas’ neck, licking slightly to fully appreciate the heavy, musky scent of his mate.
“My diner burnt down because my dumb fuck of a cook thought it’d be a good idea to drink and fry.” Dean winced as Benny explained why he really had had no choice but to join the armed forces. “Stupid me, forgot to renew my insurance, and here I am, trying to pay back the bank and everyone else.” Benny chuckled darkly and shook his head.
Grumbling and fussing from the back seat drew Dean’s attention, so with one last smile at Benny, Dean opened his door and went to retrieve his son. They left everything in the car, except Lincoln’s, or Link as he’d started to call him, baby bag. It was full of extra clothes, diapers and some soft toys. He wasn’t really doing a whole lot except sleeping and eating, but Dean liked seeing his eyes lock onto something and stare at it. Felt like he was doing something right.
They were having a slightly heated argument about what else they could do, when Cas suddenly stilled. Dean watched in confusion as deep, alpha red over took his mates clear blue eyes. Muffled by lengthening teeth, Cas grabbed Dean and actually fucking
He waited for what felt like hours for Chucks reply, and when it finally flashed across his screen, he knew he’d been stupid to think Chuck would be anything other than supportive.
People were watching them, pointing and snickering behind their hands. “Dean? Are you alright?” God, Cas was just so
The alpha must have been insane, or just extremely stupid. Even if Dean was a null, Castiel would have loved him all the same.
All he could say was thank Christ for his parents buying him his own laptop for Christmas. He would have been up shit creek without a paddle otherwise.
“Dude, trust me, close your eyes and don’t move.” Cas froze, and Dean slid closer, his stomach tying itself in knots the closer he got. He watched as the alphas eyes widened, and then closed.
“I will have you know that –” Dean didn’t give Cas a chance to continue, just whacked the stick, ok,
“Please don’t go. I don’t know what happened, but you don’t have to go, Dean.” Sam sounded on the very edge of tears, so Dean gathered him up in his arms, and held him close, for what very well could be the last time.
“Hold up now, I never said I wasn’t gonna at least listen to ya.” The guy smiled, and Dean was reminded, strangely, of his dad. “What’s your experience?” The alpha waited patiently for him to answer, but removed his hand.
Dean took a deep breath to prepare himself, before plunging under the soft waves. The water suppressed his screams as he washed his eyes. He knew it was the only way, but
it was so close. It would be one of the first places they looked. He studied that map and decided on Dallas, or more accurately, Fort Worth, because he had actually been there before, and it was a nice place. Not too big that he’d get lost and not small enough that everyone and their dog would wonder who the new kid was. It was a friendly place, too, which helped.
Fat, silent tears rolled down his nose and disappeared into the fabric of the pillow. Trying to take deep breaths and not dwell on what he had lost, in the present or the past, was the only way he knew how to control the heavy weight sitting on his chest.
“I don’t have any of my uh, toys. All I’ll have is my hand.” Dean smirked at the blush forming over Cas’ cheeks and creeping up his neck. Aww, his mate was
“Or what? We won’t like you when you’re angry?” Cas squashed his face up and put on a stupid sounding voice, and he clearly missed Gordons look of outrage. “News flash, Gordon, we already don’t like you.” Cas pulled on Deans hand to lead him away, so only he saw the look of deathly fury on the other boy’s face. “I’d like to stand here and insult you, but I’m afraid you wouldn’t understand it.”
Pushing the school doors open, him and his friends laughed and talked until they had to disperse to their own lockers. Cas’ was all the way down the hall, much to Deans unhappiness, but that was alright. He was still hesitant to be overly affectionate with Cas in public, but small things like staring at his ass or looking into those pretty eyes wasn’t going to attract attention.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas smelt, and sounded, concerned. Dean couldn’t blame him, really. He’d all but stormed off the beach, practically running away from the group. There wasn’t any point in lying to Cas, and Dean didn’t want to start off their relationship, with lies. That didn’t mean he was just going to gush his guts out to a stranger, mate or not.
He wasn’t consciously aware of when exactly he stopped breathing, but for a minute he could hear Benny yelling for the medics to hurry the hell up, and begging Dean not to leave. Dean appreciated, more than Benny could ever know, how much it meant that he was willing to fight for him.
“You don’t actually wana fuck this sack of shit, do you?” Dean really wanted to agree, but he didn’t know what the alternative was. They weren’t just going to let him go unscathed.
“Uh, everything alright?” He was sweating and trembling, his heart beat thundering in his ears, because it wasn’t usual behaviour for his loud family. Sam sniffed the air, and frowned.
“That’s the thing Sammy. I don’t know if I can do it without him.” Dean tucked his face into Sam’s neck, and let his tears fall. “I’ll do it, because I have to, to protect your sorry ass, but I can’t promise I’ll be ok.”
After reading through the chapter, Dean considered which horrible life choice had brought him to that moment. How on earth was he friends with a guy that not only wrote angel porn, but was actually
“Thank you, Dean. It’s alright though, I was fully aware of what the consequences would be if I choose to voice my opinion. I felt it prudent to express how I felt, to at least
The alpha would never actually want him, once he found out what Dean was hiding. Dean couldn’t keep it to himself, and Sam clearly hadn’t said anything, like he had asked. Dean owed it to Castiel to be honest, so the alpha could make his own decision. The thing was, he didn’t know if he were strong enough to be honest to the alpha. He was a big boy, and he was plenty used to rejection but he just knew, that coming from Castiel, it would be the hardest one yet to take.
” Dean was more surprised than anything, because yeah Sam was emotional, more than Dean anyway, but he hadn’t expected
Both the alpha and the omega decided it was best to keep their hopes to themselves, at least until they were absolutely sure Dean was in fact, in pup.
“Shut up, this is a big moment.” Dean looked at Cas, who was grinning as well. Everything was pretty damn awesome, if he had to say. He wouldn’t think about how the hell they were gonna raise a child on a damn island in the middle of no where, because right at that moment, everything was ok.
Dean was really concerned Gordon was about to leap across the space between them and kill them both. His look spasmed between murderous indignation and surprise that Cas would apparently insult him in front of his friends.
“Shut up, bitch.” Dean tried to tickle Sam before the light turned green, but his brother just whacked his hand away.
“Well, they’re all assholes.” Sam replied ruefully. Castiel laughing along with him, agreed readily. “I just – I thought he’d like at least
He was nervous going into the conversation, but Benny just gave him a smile and a thumbs up. He really didn’t know where he’d be without him, but he couldn’t think about it, or he’d start crying again. He cleared his throat, and managed to catch Andy and Rufus’ attention.
“You don’t have to tell me where you live right now, Dean, but I think it would be a good idea, closer to the time, for me to know.” Dean took a moment to realise what he meant, but when he did, he tensed.
For a moment he thought he’d woken up in a hospital, and the beam shinning away happily was a damn doctors torch. Dean squinted and moved his hand to cover his eyes, before it dawned on him he was actually staring up into the
“Kiss me, Dean, please, just kiss me.” Dean was confused at the sudden change of topic, but he followed Cas’ wishes. He’d do anything his angel wanted. He wiped away as much blood as he could, before deciding it didn’t matter. He kissed Cas gently, savoring the feeling of his strangely warm lips, his tentative tongue, and little breaths. It was a few seconds before Dean realized Cas was whispering urgently into their kiss. “
Dean was jerked from his pleasure induced haze by the pillow suddenly disappearing from under him. “Wha-“
With no other option, Dean agreed. He really liked Cas, and even as a friend, what was the worst that could happen?
Dean didn’t give a flying fuck about his spinal cord. He’d rip the damn thing out and skip rope with it if it meant that Cas would be ok. Instead, his boyfriend winced as he tried to draw in a deep breath. “Don’t try to talk babe, just – just conserve your strength.” Cas just shook his head slightly, and trained his pain dulled eyes on Dean.
like.” He turned to look at Sam, a watery, shaky smile on his lips. “I just have to get through this year, then I’m out. I can go to college, not too far, and
“Why on earth would you think that? Because of today?” Dean swallowed, and nodded. “Oh, Dean. I’ve had rumours follow me all my life. I wouldn’t let them interfere with my relationships, especially not ones I hold so dear.”
“What’s your ideal night?” Dean hoped it aligned with his, just out of pure selfishness, but he supposed he’d like whatever Cas was into. The other man loaded his fork up and brought it to his full lips, and Dean was momentarily distracted by all that was going on there.
He was so relieved to be let off so easily; he didn’t notice eyes following him when he left the Principles office to go to his locker. Class had been let out, and the hallways were full. As he unlocked his locker and started putting his books away, he became aware of the glances and whispering.
“Aw hell, Dean. I’m sorry.” Dean didn’t know why Benny was apologising, but at least someone had, for trying to take his happiness from him. Dean attempted a small smile, and nodded.
Dean willed his orgasm back purely with the strength of knowing Cas would be so happy if he waited, and tried to think of anything but the noises Cas was making.
Cas held his gaze, his steady, deep blue eyes grounding Dean in ways the alpha wouldn’t even begin to fathom. “I’m right here, whatever you need, I’m right here.” Dean grit his teeth, and with the next contraction tightening his belly, he pushed.
“Dean, you didn’t need to do that.” Cas whispered to him as they made their way to the theatre. Dean just nodded and smiled, trying to also keep an eye on Sam and the blond girl he was with. Jess seemed like a nice girl, a bit shorter than Sam, but pretty damn stunning. Even if she was only fourteen, Dean was allowed to
“Hello, Sam speaking.” His little brother, god he sounded so unhappy. Older, but still flat and sad. Dean swallowed when he realised
“Ya’ll alright?” A guy, an alpha, by the smell of him, was looking at Dean with curiosity and a smile. He was pretty tall, but wide set, with a close cropped beard and an old time cap on his short hair. Dean sighed and looked down at his feet before meeting the guys smile with one of his own.
He felt as if he were preparing for another battle, another in the long line of shit that they had had to deal with over the years. After the mark had disappeared… he thought maybe they would catch a break, get some time to gather themselves. But no, of course the damn Darkness had to rain on their parade.
“I – I don’t mind, Dean. You, ah, aren’t the only one who got a bit too excited.” Dean’s eyes widened in surprise, and he quickly looked down to see a similar wet patch across the front of Cas’ shorts. Cas laughed quietly, drawing Deans eyes back to his blue ones. “I actually take it as a compliment, believe it or not.” Dean smiled, a small shocked laugh bubbling up and out of him.
“I need you to wipe yourself from my memory.” Dean heard Sam’s resigned sigh beside him, but luckily, his brother said nothing. Cas just looked at him, and raised two fingers to his forehead. The fact that he didn’t even put up a fight
When they were absolutely sure the pack of alphas had passed, Cas and Dean deemed it safe to exit their small, vine covered shelter.
“What do you mean, everyone else died?” Crowley whipped his head around and fixed him with a furious stare.
“I didn’t, because I can’t.” Castiel stilled, and looked up at Dean, uncertainty written plainly across his face. “I don’t get heats, I can’t have kids, and I couldn’t trap you in a relationship I knew you wouldn’t want!” Dean raised his voice, because he really had to get that bit out there. Castiel had to know that he did it to protect him. Castiel was just standing there, frozen, staring at him. “I didn’t – I couldn’t do that to you. I’m sorry.”
“Can I help you with something?” Dean jumped when a chipper voice pulled him from his thoughts. He blushed furiously, embarrassed at having been caught looking. But then, why the hell should he be embarrassed? He was having a baby for fuck sake; embarrassment would soon be a thing of the past.
Cas was breathing in through his nose, and out through his mouth. It took him a good few minutes to get himself calm enough to speak again, and when he did, Dean was staring out over the clear blue water, smiling to himself.
“Um, I don’t know.” His parents eyes widened, and he then realised they probably thought he had been getting it on with everyone at school. “No, no, it’s not like that. It was one guy, that’s all. It was – it was at a club. I know I shouldn’t have been there, you don’t have to tell me that.” He was a good kid, usually, but one mistake had cost him, dearly.
“Told ya they wouldn’t mind, cher.” Benny smiled warmly at him, and then reached under the table. Dean frowned when Benny put a bag in front of him. “We got this for you a while ago, just waited until you were happy enough to tell us.” Dean reached into the bag, and pulled out a little plush car and a onesie that said
“I want everyone to know that you are mine.” Dean kinda loved it when Cas was all possessive, it made him feel like Cas only had eyes for him, which, obviously, he did.
“Gonna come Cas, gonna come, please keep doing that, please just that, oh yeah oh-” Dean cried Cas’ name, over and over, his cock tensing again and again in agonised pleasure. The tiny bit of come that spilled from his cock was nothing compared to the monumental torrent of slick that gushed from his hole as his orgasm consumed him. Dean distantly heard Cas moaning deeply, but the alpha didn't let up his diligent ministrations on Dean's ass.
When they got inside, thank Christ, the seats were almost empty. Charlie led them up and in, until they were seated in the middle of the row of seats, right in the middle of the theatre. The giant screen loomed before them and for a moment Dean was distracted by how
After finally scrubbing the last of the grime from his hands, Dean was ready to leave class and confront one of his biggest fears.
“Come on boys, you better leave now, or your gonna be late!” Dean sighed unsteadily and checked himself one last time in the mirror. He was wearing black skinny jeans, and he liked the way they clung to his legs. His Henley stretched over his muscular chest, topped off by a flannel and his leather jacket. He hoped Cas liked it.
“Can – can I get these? I’ve been feeling, I dunno, unbalanced lately?” Dean wished his voice hadn’t turned it into a question, so he just coughed and would blame it on being a teenager. His mom looked at him strangely, but she didn’t stop smiling, which he took as good sign. She didn’t smell angry or suspicious, but happy and content. Dean swallowed, hating himself slightly; because one day soon, he was gonna take that smell away from her.
“Shit, ok, so I see I made a bad first impression.” His words were muffled and slurred by the hand covering his face, but Dean got the jist of it. Yeah, pretty bad. “My name’s Gabriel, and I’m gonna go ahead and assume we were all on the boat together.” Something clicked in Deans head, and before he even thought about it, he asked what would have made perfect sense, if the world was an easy place.
“So I guess your goin home, then.” Benny sounded so damn sad, Dean didn’t know what to do. He stopped his snivelling, and beckoned Benny closer. Once he got within range, Dean grabbed him in a clumsy, one armed hug. He held on tight, because Benny had probably saved his life, and Lincolns, by taking a chance on Dean.
“What’s the problem then? The guy won’t be able to hurt anyone ever again.” If and when they found him guilty, it was the death penalty for him. An alpha killing their mate? No way he was escaping what was coming for him.
Dean practically ran through the doors at lunchtime, and when he spotted Chuck sitting by himself, he grabbed a tray and hurried over.
“So what, do you think we could get him back to the bunker, or do you have to do it here?” Sam was biting his lip and fidgeting, and Dean did
holding their bulging bellies. His heart picked up speed when he realised he would look like that in just a few months.
He’d heard of the gravel mouth thing the morning after, but what he was feeling, well shit, that was ridiculous.
Dean felt warm and happy, just the right amount of full, both of food and good company. He decided he was going to ask for Cas’ number and see if he would want to go out again sometime. Finally someone his age that wasn’t a snobby divorced dick or still in the closet.
A choked off, gurgling groan jump started Deans stalled consciousness. It drew his attention from the horror that was his partners mortality, to his pale, sweat stained face. Blood trailed from the corner of his mouth, which was pulled tight in a grimace.
fucking fish, Gabriel was almost back to his usual annoying self. Cas had disappeared for half an hour and returned with some herbs that he made into another tea, one that Dean was glad to see made Gabriel gag. He liked the guy, but god
A bell tolled somewhere in the distance, and Dean felt the body next to him, Alan, he sluggishly thought it might be, move. The bell got louder, as did hundreds of feet, people talking and laughing until screaming, screaming, and shouting.
“Dean, I don’t understand –” Castiel was numb, every nerve ending denying the fact he was being rejected by an omega that was his perfect equal.
“I think we need to find a consistent, clean, source of fresh water.” Cas frowned, and Dean bit his lip. He was
“Alright, Dean, push.” Dean closed his eyes and concentrated, putting everything he had into that single movement. He pushed, and it
“Quite it, jerk. Anyway, I uh, I asked Jess out, like you said.” Dean almost swerved into oncoming traffic. His goofy little brother had asked a
“I – I’m sorry if that sounded offensive, Dean. It is just… unusual, in this day and age.” Dean nodded, because he knew it was weird, but he was proud of the fact he’d kept his V card, despite all the offers over the years. He always felt like something was missing from the innocent hook-ups he’d had, but even his quick, intense encounters with Cas gave him everything he’d been waiting for, and then some.
“It’s fine, man. We’ll just cover me in that paste you make, and hope for the best.” Dean tried to laugh, but it came out bitter and unhappy. He knew it wouldn’t work, hell, even he could smell himself when he was in heat, and that never happened normally.
“Cas.” The fingers left his head, and a relieved sigh escaped everyone in the room, albeit for different reasons. For Dean, it was seeing his angel again; whole, alive and looking at him with such a fondness in his expression, Dean knew exactly which version he was talking too.
“Mom and Dad aren’t gonna let you keep it.” Sam was far too astute for a twelve year old. “That’s why you’re leaving.” Dean just nodded sadly.
because he didn’t know how it was all gonna go. All he knew was he had to push, and it was likely to hurt a fuckload. He had no choice in the matter though, he had to get their baby out, and his body was giving him all the right signals.
Cas shouldered his bag and shuffled on the doorstep, clearly wanting to say something. Dean didn’t want to rush him, hell; he wanted him to stay for as long as possible.
“Really? That’s awesome! Can I read some?” Cas was grinning, and Dean didn’t really know what had just happened. He didn’t know anyone outside of Chuck that actually read Fanfiction, and Cas’ reaction was beyond confounding. Chuck looked like all his Christmas’s had come at once.
The last part hit him hard, because he did actually want his family there. He wanted his parents to meet their grandchild. He wanted Sammy to see his niece or nephew.
“No no, I have a small plot just outside of town. My parents left me the land, but as it has no house on it, I have no use for it yet.” Dean bit his lip,
Sliding his fingers through the ring of water his glass had left on the table, he didn’t notice the warm body standing next to him until it suddenly cleared its throat. He swallowed the startled yelp but couldn’t hide his flinch of surprise. When he looked up, he was immediately aware of two things.
Dean scrunched his face up in confusion, because he had no clue what Cas was talking about. That was, until he finally realized where they were. He looked up at his angel, a huge smile breaking across his face.
“You’re the one who had a baby, jerk.” Sam poked his tongue out, and Dean couldn’t resist returning one. For the first time in
“Oh yeah?” A cheeky smirk and a wink usually put them off. Benny though, god Benny could see right through him.
“As soon as I smelt your heat, I couldn’t stop thinking about mounting you.” Cas kissed down his chest, laving his tongue in Deans belly button. The omega groaned and threw his head back. Cas had a dirty mouth, it seemed. Dean
are you – are you ok? Where are you? Is your baby…?” Sam sounded so damn hopeful, and scared, all at the same time.
“That sucks man, sorry.” Dean was sitting next to Benny, who smiled at him, and bumped his shoulder with his own.
“Dude, you really don’t wana know what I had to do to stay hidden.” Dean laughed and stood back a bit, the shivery, prickly feeling of his heat resurfacing with a vengeance. It wasn’t really surprising considering the object of his desires was literally within his grasp.
When they arrived at the boardwalk, it was still and quiet. Yellows and reds bounced happily off the flowing water, glistening like iridescent flowers in a watery garden.
He waved his mother off, promising to text her in the morning when he wanted to be picked up. Chuck met him at the door and raised his eyebrows in question to Deans fairly casual attire, sweat pants and a hoody, not at all what you’d wear to a club.
“Oh that’s because I knew you were one of those types that wouldn’t give me the time of day if you knew my actual age and that I was just after a casual fuck.”
“You mean when I ran out? Oh, god, no, Dean. I had to get some air. I was boiling over even from a simple touch.” Cas smiled and took Deans hand, running his fingers over the vein on the back. “You have no idea what you do to me.”
Smiling to himself, despite his stomach clenching with nerves, he slowly withdrew his fingers and wiped them on the bed. He had thoroughly cleaned himself
, and I’m gonna go and talk to the omega that’s currently wandering down the beach.” Sam’s eyes widened at the new information, but it was Gadreel, surprisingly, that found his voice first.
“What’s his family like? Does he – does he have someone to talk too?” Dean didn’t really want to reveal his, well, second closest guarded secret, to Sam’s friend, but if he needed it, Dean would help him through it. It was what he would want, if it were him. Sam looked up at him with wide eyes, and seemed to have the same thought.
“Well, isn’t this a surprise.” Castiel bared his teeth and growled, because he wasn’t interested in talking. The other alpha was just stalling, Castiel would kill him, it was inevitable. The only thing he could focus on. If he thought too hard about what he had lost… he himself would be lost. He had to be strong, for Dean. “That little freak mean that much to you?” To hear his mate being spoken about in such a way was enraging, but Castiel could only roar, eyes bleeding red.
Cas nodded and gathered Cole into his arms, patting Thomas on the leg in reassurance that he would be back to get him too. Dean waited for Cas at the bottom of the stairs, ascending together once the alpha made his way over.
“Hey, Dean. Come on in. You know you don’t have to wait on the step like some bible seller.” Chuck turned away, leading the way back into the house. It wasn’t anything special, just your run of the mill, three bedroom, open plan house. Dean closed the door behind him, and caught up to Chuck who had situated himself once again in the living room. “My dad’s out for the day, so the house is ours.” Chuck grinned at him, waving an arm at the stack of snacks on the table.
Dean could feel Cas’ cock poke against his inner thigh, and he tensed despite himself. Anything new was scary, because it was unknown. He hadn’t had sex before, so he didn’t know how it was gonna go. Cas obviously felt his trepidation because he stopped and laid a calming hand on Deans leg. He immediately relaxed, knowing he was doing it with the person he loved, no matter what happened.
feel himself chubbing at the sight. Luckily he hadn’t worn his tightest jeans, or it would have been a painful night.
That was why he was doing it, though, to protect others, and his country. To try and atone for what he had done, so one day, he had a hope of seeing his angel again.
He made his way downstairs to the garage, where the spells keeping the angels out were weakest. He needed to try him again, because he was the only one who could, or
Just as he was about to try and attempt another finger, of course, the doorbell rang. Dean flinched, and moaned, when his fingers moved within him, and it was only the death grip around his cock that kept him from coming. The doorbell rang again, and then his phone buzzed on the bed, because clearly Cas was just as impatient as he was.
“There’s something else…” Dean winced when three sets of burning red eyes focused on him, but he held his ground, refusing to be cowed into submission by a poncy sounding dick bag. “Crowley said… he said that he’d make sure the pack of alphas found me first.” Cas stood for a moment, perfectly still, before he threw his head back and roared. Dean’s heart almost exploded with the surge of adrenaline that coursed through him at his mate’s reaction. Cas had almost completely flipped out, and Dean had never seen an alpha react that way, because it didn’t happen all that often.
“He cannot, your right, Dean.” He resisted the urge to stab the guy, purely on principle. He wasn’t interested in whatever he had to say. He just wanted to go to sleep. “But I can.” Dean’s gaze shot up from where it had landed on the guy’s outreached hand, right to his bluer than blue eyes, and something fucking
Ripping the blankets back, the cold hit him hard. He deserved it, he reasoned, it matched his cold, dead heart. Castiel was a fantastic alpha, from the few hours Dean had spent with him he knew that, so he deserved better than a useless old omega who couldn’t give him what every alpha wanted.
“Huh, ok probably should have asked that before now but it’s all good.” Dean smiled at the other man and made his way out of the restaurant.
He got to his feet, albeit unsteadily, and went to help Sam who still looked a bit dazed. Sam waved him off, and sat himself against a pillar. “Go talk to Cas, make sure he’s alright.” Typical Sam, putting others first.
As Cas’ fingers touched his skin, a flash of piercing light erupted behind Deans eyes. He closed them and opened his mouth in what he hoped was a silent scream. Bits and pieces of memory flashed through his mind, almost too fast for him to see.
how he made him feel, what he thought about when they were together, what the small touches and glances
By the time they got their tickets, Cas and Ash had only moved halfway up the line. They waved them off towards the theatre, telling them to sit in the middle.
Sam stopped fiddling with a loose thread on his jacket, to look up in confusion. “Are you – are you asking me if you can go on a date with my brother?” Castiel didn’t know what to say, other than the obvious.
“Just remember to call once in a while, and maybe visit.” Dean nodded, laughing when Benny smiled at him. “And don’t let that little one forget about his uncle Benny.” Dean nodded again, and watched as Lincoln curled a little hand around one of the alphas fingers.
“I just – I’ve seen the bruises you try to hide, like, you wear a helmet man, hard to get bruises on your face when your playing football.”  Gordon threw a furtive look back to his goons, who looked like they were thinking way too hard for their small brains. Gordon looked, well he looked worried, as if Dean had uncovered some big secret. If he couldn’t even tell his friends, who did he have to talk to? “You can talk to me if you want? I mean, I’ve been there. Scared of what people would think, especially my family.” Dean had no idea why he was offering the biggest bully in school his shoulder to cry on, but it felt like the right thing to do.
“What did you think about?” Cas was so quiet, Dean could hardly hear him over the heart beat thundering away in his ears.
Pleasure beyond anything they were prepared for burst forth, rising higher and higher until they both balanced on a precipice.
They didn’t talk about what had been done, and everyone was happy to have more people to talk to. Gabriel
” Dean ducked behind the car, just in time too, as he saw in the cars wing mirror, Castiel scenting the air and looking their way. Benny waved, being the good natured alpha that he was; he couldn’t pass up the opportunity to be polite.
If Cas could be blunt, so could he. Dean thumbed the head of his cock, smearing the pre come around. It felt so damn good, like fireworks shooting down his dick.
“All right, ya’ll can scurry on back to your own hovels now, papa wants ta sleep!” Ash yelled, and everyone laughed. Dean really liked his new group of friends. He hoped he could keep them. Chuck
That could only mean “so you’re gonna do that thing where-“ Dean yelped when Cas flipped him over roughly and stripped his pants off in one smooth movement. The alpha really had some moves when he was in the right mood.
A dark, human shaped blob came into his sights, and it looked like it was in the cove just around from where he washed up.
“You – you do? But I thought – I thought you’d come over here to break up with me.” His fear was met with confusion. Cas tilted his head and Dean just wanted to start kissing him all over again. He didn’t, though, because he needed to find out what Cas was thinking.
“My brothers… They were trying to reset me. I asked them for help and they…” Dean could feel Cas shaking, and it scared the crap out of him. He could feel the ever simmering pool of anger start to roil at the thought of the dick bag angels treating Cas that way. Sure, he’d caused some trouble, but who hadn’t? He had paid his dues, fuck, he’d gone to
“It’s alright, Dean. We’ll go at your pace. I don’t particularly fancy being the source of the town’s gossip either.” He shrugged, keeping eye contact with Dean. He desperately wanted to get his arms around Cas.
alpha, just trust me.” Cas finally seemed to get the message, because he nodded, kissed Deans forehead and left.
“The heads right there.” Cas rumbled at Deans proclamation, the alpha showing how proud he was of his mates efforts. Dean once again placed his hands on his mate’s strong shoulders, but Cas kept his hands on Deans hips, silently telling him he would never let Dean fall.
“Don’t sweat it, sugar.” Dean knew it was just a Cajun phrase, but it still heated Dean’s face and caused his heart to beat faster than it had in… well, years. He immediately felt bad, because one, Benny clearly wasn’t gay, and two,
He groaned through the next few, because they didn’t seem as intense. It worried him a little, that maybe something was wrong, but he knew Melissa would tell him if something didn’t look right. He collapsed against Benny, and drank some of the water the alpha offered him. He was strangely really hungry and nauseous. Melissa grinned up at him from between his shaking legs, and held out her hand.
“You alright, Dean?” He looked majorly concerned, and Dean didn’t fool himself into thinking he actually cared about anything but his ability to work. Dean just nodded quickly and forced a smile.
He was coming before he even knew what had happened, a warm, wet feeling spreading across the front of his pants. He moaned and shuddered his way through it, clinging to Cas shamelessly. Luckily, Cas held him through it, whispering to him quietly and moaning when Dean did. They were both panting by the end, but Dean really didn’t want to leave the protection of Cas’ shoulder.
They walked for a good half an hour before Dean stumbled through a sudden clearing in the scrub, the land evening out into a distinct level field. When Dean looked up through a break in the rain, he was pretty much speechless.
“I think – I think I need to sleep by myself, for the time being, though.” Dean couldn’t hide his disappointment, but Cas just shook his head. He seemed, on edge, suddenly. “Your scent blockers have worn off, and I don’t – I don’t trust myself, Dean. You are very…
Cas slid in behind him, running his hands up and down Deans torso as he went. Dean shivered, closing his eyes briefly, revelling in the feeling of his mate, solid and real behind him. They couldn’t risk talking much, so with gentle touches and gestures, Dean had to relay to Cas that he was ready for their little romp.
and had come looking for him. His mate was right at the water’s edge, pacing frantically, looking like a big cat who didn’t want to get his paws wet.
Dean sighed and picked up his own burger. His appetite wasn’t really there, but he couldn’t ignore the food in front of him without the alpha noticing. He could say he felt sick, but like hell he wanted the date to end early. Fuck, he never wanted it to end, like, ever.
He had almost fallen on his ass trying to escape the horror that was seeing his brothers ‘o’ face, and he’d been sure he had made some kind of strangled scream, but the two love birds hadn’t seemed to have heard him. He’d run all the way back to their camp, and must have sweated off the blockers, because Cas and Gabriel, who had returned with dinner, had immediately questioned him.
“I mean it.” Dean tried to prove his point, which always went exactly how he planned. “You could have anyone you wanted, don’t know what you're doing with a dried-up old husk like me.”
Dean sat up and tried to straighten his bed out. He brushed off his rumpled clothes and tried to tame his hair. He didn’t know why he was bothering, Cas clearly only came to do one thing.
Driving was one of his favourite pastimes, and he was reminded of that as he hit the road home. He didn’t live far out of town, just a turn off past the town limits sign. Down a little gravelled one lane road and another turn and he was home.
Dean had been expecting the subject of penetration to come up eventually, especially since Chuck was apparently writing an enthralling saga about their star-crossed teenaged love (Chucks words,
Staring at the picture on the opposite bedside table, he couldn’t help the tightening of his chest, nor the burning behind his eyes. All the disappointment from meeting Cas and being ultimately rejected was bringing everything to the surface, and when the first wet gasp of sadness escaped he just let it happen.
From what he had gathered from the insipid gossips from work, Dean could possibly have the same affliction as he himself, suffered from. It would be as if fate had thrown them together if the case were true and even more fortunate if Dean felt for him, as much as Castiel feared he felt for the omega.
“Is that why your dad hits you?” Four heads whipped around, but he didn’t stop, because at least it had meant the other boy, whose name Dean thinks was Alan, wasn’t getting pummelled. “Did he catch you with someone he didn’t agree with? Or did he find some porn or something?” Dean was just babbling, stalling for the bell, where he could alert a teacher or something, but he seemed to be hitting a nerve with Gordon.
“We just wanted you to know, little one, just how much both your fathers love you.” The alpha sounded devastated, the hollow resonance of his voice betraying what Dean knew he felt inside. “We love you, so so much.” Fuck anyone that said a baby wasn’t a baby until a certain time. Dean loved his little bean as soon as he realised he was pregnant. It was a little bit of him, and a little bit of his mate. It was meant to be nestled inside him until he could deliver it safely into the world, but those fucking
Chuck jumped up, disappearing down the hall to answer the door. Dean shook himself; he was getting himself way too worked up for just a study group. As the voices drifted down towards him, he turned; plastering on a smile he hoped didn’t look too forced.
“You wanna borrow the Impala?” Dean was over visiting his parents, like he always did on Sunday nights. His dads question shook him from his day dreaming, which was lucky, because it was getting pretty R rated.
“Are you the omega?” He saw Cas stiffen with realisation in front of him, and to his left, Sam looked confused. “Yesterday, when we split up before coming here, me and Cas saw another group of alphas.” Sam let out an angry breath.
He hadn’t realised one simple punch would start the rumour mill turning. Although, he should have seen it coming. Everything had been too perfect. He had been too happy. He could feel the blush on his face, clearly stating his lack of innocence in everything. His heart was beating too fast, sweat dripped down his back.
Cowering in front of them, were not only the two betas from the alpha camp, but one slightly less welcome omega.
“Hey Sammy.” His brother looked ridiculously embarrassed, which was funny as hell, since at least Dean was wearing pants, unlike during the labour when he’d stumbled in. “You wana meet your nephew?”
” Dean almost laughed out loud at Cas’ sarcasm. His mate was continuing to surprise him, and he loved it. Sam had given him the big brother talk, even though Dean was technically the older one, but whatever. Cas had just stared at him with that penetrating stare and promised Sam that he would never let any harm befall Dean.
“You know how I know it wasn’t your fault?” Dean stared at the regulation bedspread he was sitting on, and just shook his head like a child. A tiny,
“Uh, you heading out, Cas?” Damn him and his stupid questions, Cas must think he’s the biggest pile of dumb
“Damnit, we’re never gonna get in.” Dean was ready to throw in the towel right then. They’d had to drive over an hour to get there, and it didn’t even look like they were going to get in.
Sam twisted and pulled, earning a grunt and growl from Cas. Dean watched, his stomach protesting, as Sam pulled the sharp piece of metal from his angels head.
None of the sex was strictly necessary, but Chuck’s readers seemed to like it, the more the better, apparently.
“I thought I told you that it wasn’t your fault?” Cas cocked his head, and Deans heart stuttered at the familiar gesture.
A tightening sensation started around his middle, like someone had enclosed his abdomen in their large grasp and
He dived under again, running his hands through his hair to at least try and get the sand out. There really wasn’t any point, sand got
” Dean stepped back and bumped into Gabriel, because the pure venom in the omegas voice was enough to wilt all the plant life around them. He’d never heard such pure
The words dissolved into an unintelligible moan, before the man on bottom shouted his release. The man on top’s movements became stuttered and jerky, as he neared his own. Dean sped up, thrusting up into his fist as best he could with his laptop on his legs.
“Dean, sweetie, I need a word.” Dean frowned and gathered up his materials. He didn’t know what he’d done, or not done, to warrant a talk with Ms Mosely. He thought he was doing ok, he’d finished the work she’d set him, even turned in some of it
Cas was tied to the roof, manacles encircling his bleeding wrists. His head was encased in some kind of
Dean followed the quiet sound of voices floating from their camp, and came upon Cas and Gabriel, deep in conversation. They both turned when Dean cleared his throat.
Just as he was cleaning up his plate, his phone chimed again. Smiling at his date, he opened the message, and sighed.
Dean was pacing the living room by the time Sam arrived home, and the evil smile on his face was anything but comforting.
Dean looked at Eileen, and he attempted his most sincere, warm smile. “How far along?” His hands trembled as he signed the words, but he managed, and he was proud of himself for it. He could be an adult; he could suck it up for his little brother and his mate.
Castiel didn’t know how he managed to make it back to his abode unscathed, but in some miraculous turn of fate, he had. Indeed, the trip back to his small home was fractured and blurred, much like his own sense of self-worth.
They were supposed to be stronger, tougher and more resilient than everyone else. Dean thought it was all bullshit, but at that moment he was willing to believe it, just so his little brother would draw –
He opened them again when the footsteps stopped, and a shocked intake of breath escaped the man in front of him.
“Yes, I know it sounds unusual, but they are the most pleasant little things to keep.” Dean knew his mouth was open slightly, but what, he’d never actually known anyone that kept bees before. Sure he knew they made honey, and it tasted awesome, but that was as far as that thought process went.
“It’s the – the final surge of adrenaline preparing my body for death.” Dean shook his head, because that just couldn’t happen. Cas couldn’t die, not on the night he was – was, no.
“Heya Castiel, how you been?”  Castiel scrunched his face up, in what must have been confusion. Dean didn’t blame him, really. Dean owned a fully functioning nose; he could make his own assumptions.
think he wants, Sam? You know him better than anyone, what would he want, if he could voice it?” Sam just shook his head, and couldn’t help the rueful smile that spread across his face.
That night at his motel, Dean sat on his bed and catalogued what he’d collected for his baby. He had at least ten sets of clothes, three boxes of diapers and a first aid kit. He had a pop up bassinet thing, and plenty of blankets for it. He smiled when he stroked over Sam’s baby blanket, because he didn’t even remember putting it in his bag. He had enough stuff for at least a couple of weeks after it was born, and after that he’d just play it by ear. Dean felt confident he could look after his child after it was born, which made him feel pretty good.
That was how it went; big brother took care of little brother. More often than not, though, it was Sam showing
His mind settled down around the time he heard his parents and Sam arrive home, talking quietly in case he was asleep. Dean turned over when he heard them coming up the stairs, his mom saying goodnight to Sammy before a door closed. He heard his own door creak open, and he closed his eyes, willing his body to stay still. It’s not like he didn’t want to talk to his parents, but he was done interacting with humanity tonight, he was too emotionally exhausted.
The car trip to the movie theatre was silent and tense. Cas and Jess were meeting them there, thank god, otherwise Sam would have probably passed out.
“Uh, hi.” No one could ever say Dean was good in social situations, but like hell that was going to stop him. “I saw you down the beach, thought you might like some help.” He saw the omega was carrying a back pack with various things poking out of it.
“Is he – was he ok?” Dean hoped he was, no one deserved that, especially someone who clearly wanted to open their mind to others views and thoughts. There should be more of it in the school. Chuck answered around a mouthful, spiting burger everywhere.
he doesn’t even know what’s hurting him, but I can tell whatever you did, didn’t work. Some part of him is holding on, your… what did you call it,
Dean gripped the steering wheel, rung it all the way around to the right, and felt his whole world come to a standstill as he caught Cas’ terrified blue eyes before the screech of tires drowned out everything else.
the guy was a culinary genius. Sam and Gadreel had worked for hours getting the fire started, with Cas and Dean collecting up as much dry wood as they could find.
to be a father.” Dean felt the familiar ache of longing start deep inside, but he ignored it; work was no place to get emotional. Well, even more emotional than he was being, anyway.
Dean braced himself when he felt Cas lay his cock over his hole. He always let Dean have a moment to himself before starting, which helped more than the alpha would ever know. Dean moved a hand to the headboard, gripping tight in preparation. Cas layed a gentle hand on Dean's back and started the slow, achingly careful push to breach Dean's ass.
“She - she tried to run,” Cas’ voice cracked and it was only then that Dean realised he was on the verge of tears. “She tried to get away with the children.”
“I’m merely recreating,” Cas licked a stripe up his neck to his hairline and rubbed his face through the short hairs at the base of his neck. “Something I read in one of your recent…books.” Dean snorted when he envisioned the air quotes. Then immediately blushed harder at the implications.
Dean sat down on his bed and turned on his laptop. He really didn’t want to do what he was about to, but he
Gathering himself together, Castiel growled lowly in his throat, hopefully disguising his possessive sound for something else. He smirked when Dean let out a small yelp of surprise. Practically jumping out of his seat, the omega swept his eyes up and down Castiel’s rapidly heating body, eyes noticeably darkening, but nothing could eclipse the iridescent forest green that shone from those eyes. Castiel was so swept up in Deans eyes; he almost missed the hand thrust out almost awkwardly in front of him.
“What if his settings are private?” Dean asked, just as the bell rang for the end of lunch. He was getting ridiculously antsy about bridging the gap with Cas, but he
Finding an acceptable video took longer than normal, but he was looking for something specific. Finally, he chanced upon one that suited his needs for the night, and he clicked on the little box. He paused the video, letting it load, because come
is going to take your baby, alright? But we need to make sure he’s ok. You want your baby to be ok, don’t you, Dean?” Melissa must have been used to crazy omegas, because Dean immediately calmed down. He did want his baby to be ok, that was his main priority.
“Thank you, Dean. That means so much, to the both of us.” Gadreel was a good man, he was glad Sam had such a good mate.
Class had never dragged by so slowly before, and by the time he staggered into the cafeteria, he was strangely exhausted. The slow crawl of the day had seeped its way into his body and was dragging his ass down with it. Grabbing a tray, he spotted Chuck and made his way over to his friend, almost collapsing into the seat.
Maybe he could just ask for some of those omega vitamins, and hope they worked the same. He wanted his kid to be healthy, and have the right amount of limbs and stuff, so vitamins seemed important.
seemed to like their new found friends. Becky seemed especially enamoured with him, and when he heard them talking about his Fanfiction, he groaned. Well, at least he had another fan.
Dean would have collapsed into the sand if it weren’t for Cas’ arms encircling him, pulling him flush with his strong, sturdy body.
Dean knew the exact moment the other omega caught their scents, when the wind changed just that little bit. The man’s head shot up, eyes fixed on them walking towards him. He was short, shorter than Dean, about the same height as Gabriel. He had dark hair, a grumpy looking face and an air about him of sarcastic sass that Dean could tell he possessed without the other man even speaking.
allowed to be that hurt, and whoever had done it to him, well they would fucking pay, wouldn’t they?
protected. His parents were long dead, and Dean was worried enough about people finding out about his true designation that he didn’t really go out all that much.
No, Dean wasn’t scared because he had no need to be. Yeah, he was apprehensive, because he didn’t know the guy, but he just smelled so
“It is entirely too early in our courtship to be mentioning the ‘M word’,” Dean almost snorted when Cas brought out the air quotes. Almost, if the mention of mates hadnt been brought up. That was a heavy topic, one he was glad Cas knew the importance of. “However, I feel it prudent to mention that I would like to have that conversation in the not too distant future.”
“Keep doing that, yeah, that, I’m almost there.” Dean squeezed his legs around Cas ass, urging him to go as deep as he could. Every pass of his cock over Deans prostate pushed him closer and closer to the edge, and he could feel himself balancing on the edge when Cas started shaking and grunting.
School days always felt like they had a personal vendetta against him, slowing down time to the point where it looked like the clock was actually going
An insistent tongue probed at the seam of Dean’s lips, and the omega was powerless to stop its assault. His chest tightened, and Dean didn’t know if it was from lack of breath or the inevitable look that would appear in Castiel’s eyes when Dean told him why they shouldn’t be together, why Dean didn’t deserve someone as perfect as Castiel as a mate.
“Hello, Dean. Sorry I’m late.” Cas grinned at him, but didn’t touch him. Dean ached for Cas’ hand in his, but they had agreed to no public displays of affection. He could tell Cas was thinking the same thing, the way his eyes kept flicking to his lips. Dean licked them self-consciously, and he was
Dean jumped when he felt something touch the inside of his calf, and when he looked down he realised it was Adam's foot.
He hadn’t checked his phone, and he didn’t want to. After Sam left him to do his homework, Dean didn’t really know what to do with himself. He couldn’t go on Facebook, because he was sure there would be all kinds of comments about him.
“Everything’s going to plan. Sometimes it just takes a bit longer, depending on the size of the baby. By the looks of it, Dean, yours is a biggy, so it’s normal, don’t worry.” Melissa was smiling, so Dean took that as a good sign. He just really wanted it all to be over. He was tired and in pain, but he wasn’t gonna moan and complain that he couldn’t do it.
“You must understand, Castiel, in order for you to earn salvation, you must be reborn.” Dean gritted his teeth and he swore he heard his jaw crack. Sam held him back, though, waiting for their chance. The angels parted, and Dean went cold.
When Cas licked a hot, wet stripe from the base of his balls all the way to the top of his ass, Dean groaned long and deep. The answering rumble of approval from his alpha had him spurting slick out of his slack hole.
“Cas, hold me up.” He wouldn’t be able to stand unaided, and standing seemed like the best way to do what he was doing. Gravity seemed to be helping, so he wasn’t gonna try another way. The alpha shifted his hands from Dean’s shoulders to grip him by the hips. No questions were asked, which Dean appreciated. It told him Cas trusted him with their child’s life, with his own life, which other alphas might not have.
He found out his little bundle of cells actually looked more like a tadpole, which freaked the shit out of him at first, but after the initial fright, it was actually kinda adorable. He did learn quickly not to use google images. Instead he went to a website that tracked the gestation, week by week. He was about five weeks by then, so he wasn’t showing, but the tadpole thing was growing its important organs and its little arms and legs. It was amazing all of that was happening inside him. He was growing a tiny person.
“Gadreel.” Castiel didn’t need to say anything more, just heard a strangled, gurgling scream from beside him, and then, nothing. He watched as Gadreel made his way over to Sam, who had pinned the other alpha to the ground. None of them had ever taken a life before, but living on the island seemed to have unleased the animal side of them, at least, it seemed to have in Castiel.
“Cas’ right, Gabriel. Go with Dean, just in case the guy tries something.” Dean smiled at Sam, and waited for the beta to get his shit together, before he turned to leave. He felt gentle fingers caress his arm, so he turned.
Cas gently probed inside Deans wet entrance to see how lose he was, and Dean couldn’t help moaning at the feeling. He hadn’t been touched in
Cas’ breathing suddenly became a whole lot more laboured, so Dean shook himself from his depressing stupor. There would be time later to dwell on the misery of his life, but at that moment, he had to concentrate on Cas. In a moment of clarity, he remembered the tiny box hidden in the glove compartment.
He had no idea what to do, but he was going to do it anyway. The worst Cas could do was tell him what he wanted to do, because he was clearly interested. Time to put on his big boy pants.
Plastering a smile on his face, and hoping his scent followed his lead, he scrambled up off the ground, right into the arms of his perfect alpha. At a loss at what to say, he smiled and scrunched the dirty, oil covered rag in his hand. “Ah, um, got it!” His smile faded when he saw the sadness covering the alpha’s face. He smelt defeated and resigned; Dean hadn’t even known there was smell for that.
Sam had Dean do it, because he said he was ‘better at praying’. Hell if he knew what that meant. He did it anyway, because he wanted the pain to stop, one way, or another.
Dean crawled over Cas, causing the alpha to bare his teeth and run his hands up and down Deans bare back. The omega shivered, eyes closing in happiness. He liked being touched, more than anything. Gentle caresses, soothing fingers running over his skin and hair. It just made him
That seemed to get his mates attention. He was awake and crouched over the shivering omega within moments, concerned blue eyes searching green for a hint to what he needed.
“You ready, Cas?” Sam had his hands on the first piece, drilling into Cas’ temple. Luckily there were only five bits.
Dean, Castiel, and their brothers moved in first, clearing out and remodelling the old hotel. There was plenty of room for everyone, by the time they were done. Gabriel and Balthazar joined them after a few months, having completed their round the world tour of debauchery. When Dean asked about it, Gabriel just chuckled and replied with “Deano, what happens on tour, stays on tour.”
turned out. Anyway, I heard the way they were talking and… yeah. That’s not anything I wana be a part of.” Dean glared at the beta for a second more, before he relaxed. The guy wasn’t a threat, and he certainly talked too much to be a spy.
A feeling of complete weightlessness overcame him, before he had even realised he was falling. Since it was dark, he had completely missed the drop, before it was too late. He braced himself for the inevitable landing, and what it would do to his soft body.
Dean heard the front door slam, before heavy footsteps signaled the arrival of his alpha. Turning, with a smile already on his face at the thought of seeing his mate after a long day at work, Dean wasn’t prepared for the mess that greeted him.
He clicked back over to Facebook and saw that he had a new friend request. Cas had mentioned something about being friends on Facebook, but it hadn’t actually registered until that moment.
A howling roar behind him spurred him into action, and despite the gurgling in his stomach that had nothing to do with his heat, he swam towards whatever the thing had been when it was alive. It had either been eaten, or just eviscerated with age, but either way, it was relatively hollow inside.
I know its been a loooooong time but i will finish this and all my other works. This work has one more chapter.
Dean let his hands fall to his sides and rest next to him on the couch, always totally conscious of how close he was to Cas. He breathed out heavily when he felt Cas shuffle next to him, getting more comfortable, or away from Dean. He was beginning to get slightly worried, when he felt a warm presence very close to his hand. He snuck a glance down to see Cas hand lining up directly with Deans. He gulped, not moving a muscle in case he spooked Cas into moving. He probably did it by accident, but that was ok, he could live with that. He would savour the warm body sitting beside him, and if he closed his eyes, he could almost pretend Cas was a little bit closer.
knew how to turn him on. Dean moved his hands, burying one in Cas’ thick, dark hair. The other, he pulled Cas’ face back to meet his. With wide, red eyes, Cas licked his lips, staring at Deans.
To his surprise, Cas blinked slowly, before a radiant smile broke out across his face. “Of course, I’d love to, Dean. As long as it’s alright with your parents?” Cas, ever the angel, had to make sure it was all above board.
Dean leaned back, pausing to look at Cas in all of his aroused glory. He was flushed, slightly panting and was smiling goofily, all tooth and gums.
Dean turned to the alpha, and found himself staring into blue eyes. Dean bit his lip, a subconscious nervous habit, and Castiel’s eyes immediately locked on. Swallowing, Dean tried to give his confession.
“It’s just bullshit, that’s all.” Cas turned sad, sympathetic eyes to his mate, and gently rubbed the omegas shoulders. Once Dean was done, or what felt like was done, seriously, nausea
“Sam, go and get yourself ready. Dean’s having the day off.” Sam just looked at his parents, then Dean, concern written all over his twelve year old face. He got up, and then hugged Dean, little arms wrapped as far around Dean as they could go.
His biggest toy couldn’t compare to Cas, who was heat and flesh and an unholy amount of handsome. His alpha was actually shaking, teeth bared, eyes red as blood.
“That’s awesome, dude.” Dean set his own bag down and took out his books. He didn’t have much homework, but he could always sketch while the other two did theirs. Speaking of… “Uh, when’s Cas getting here?” Dean tried for casual, but it clearly failed, if the knowing grin on Chucks face was anything to go by.
“Yeah, man. I really do. I can’t – I can’t have anyone finding out, you know?” Dean ducked his head and moved away from the alpha. He wasn’t ashamed of being what he was, but he’d heard the stories of alphas that used Dean’s kind as nothing more than sex toys. They saw them as a slick hole to stuff a knot in, nothing more. There were so few of them, that it generally went unheard of.
idea what to say. Everyone seemed to find it absolutely hilarious, though, so he counted it as a win.
“Cas?” A part of Dean that he refused to acknowledge, knew Cas was gone, but every other part denied it. He couldn’t be
He played a bit of Age of Empires on his laptop, but he was restless. What he really wanted to do was talk to Cas, and apologise, but he didn’t want to get dumped over the phone. He was surprised Chuck hadn’t called, but his friend knew he would call him when he was ready, so he supposed that was fair.
“I wish there was something we could do, John.” His heart ached at the sadness in his mom’s voice, and it made him feel so shitty that he’d been the one to cause it. He heard his dad move, probably wrapping his arms around his mom.
“Thanks bro, I think she wants to go on a second date.” His little brother looked at him with wide eyed shock, and Dean had to physically push down his laugh. Poor Sammy.
just push a few of Deans well-hidden buttons. Clearly he had a thing for taking alphas down a peg or two. The omega rose up, careful not to let the alpha slip from his body. He wanted to keep Cas in him forever. He didn’t bother smothering his shout of pure ecstasy as Cas’ cock slid over his prostate again, the angle perfect for hitting that sweet spot just right.
“I have no idea what gave you that idea, Dean, but I can assure you that Charlie and I are very much
“I just… I’ve never done this before, so it’s kinda – kinda scary.” Fuck he was so glad Sam wasn’t there to witness his freak out. Cas expression softened, and he smiled.
“Seriously? I’m not doubting your abilities dude, but you can’t possibly know every single insect in the world.” Dean used his voice to keep Cas distracted, as the alpha frowned around his statement. He was almost in arms reach, so Dean picked up a stick, his only weapon in his attack against arachnids everywhere.
“I said I was sorry, man, I can’t change what’s happened.” Dean was getting lightheaded from Castiel’s pheromones, and keeping himself from wrapping his limbs, all of them, around the alpha, was getting harder by the second. They were just going around in circles; there was no point in Castiel staying any longer than he had to. He opened his mouth to say goodbye, when a hand shot out and wrapped around the back of his neck.
He walked into the bathroom and flicked on the light. The harsh lighting illuminated the shower/bath, stained toilet and sink. It
“I am aware I am about to be frighteningly honest, but I feel like I need to put everything out there, so you understand fully what you may be getting into.” Cas looked hopelessly vulnerable in that moment, something Dean was very familiar with.
“I – I am sorry, I don’t know what came over me.” Dean worried his lip between his teeth, because seriously how was Cas even real?
some people thought male omegas were below everyone else. Everyone else accepted them for whom and what they were, hell, most people saw it as a miracle that a dude could give birth, but some people… They chose to hold on to the archaic belief that male omegas were the devils invention, only put on earth to tempt good men from their wives. They distorted those old world views, into something disgusting, evil and modern, taking omegas and using them for their own nefarious purposes.
“What’s Dean like?” Sam seemed to stare off into the distance for a few seconds, before a fond smile graced his features. “He’s a stubborn jackass that thinks no one can see through him,” Sam took a breath, before continuing his affectionate tirade. “But he’s so loyal, almost to a fault. He’d deny himself something if he thought someone else were better off him not having it, and he’s so good with his nephews, it’s such a, a universal tragedy that –” Sam stopped, looking at Castiel in thinly veiled surprise, and for some unfathomable reason,
A bar maid had helpfully brought him a beer, and he thanked her as he took off his coat. All was well until she dared make eyes at
“You are some kinda super nerd, you know that, Sammy?” Dean was so proud of his little brother, and Sam new it, blushing under his long brown hair.
I’m not some blown glass omega,” Dean panted as Cas stalked closer, their bodies almost touching. “Show me what you’ve got.” He knew what he was doing… totally, yeah.
“Ok, ok, I get it. But… if everything goes to shit, we’ll make them pay.” He just nodded at Sam, thankful for his brother’s support. They both knew what Dean’s capacity for revenge could be.
“Dean, can I talk to you?” He looked up when he heard Sam’s worried voice, and his face matched his tone. Dean narrowed his eyes and squeezed Cas, because like hell he was letting him go for a second.
I am SO sorry about the long wait, real life stuff got in the way, as it does. I really want to wrap this story up, so i can see it having maybe two more chapters, and an epilogue.
Despite his fears, he had to voice what he thought to his mate. That was what he was there for, wasn’t it? To be there for him?
Eventually, after about ten minutes, the tears just stopped. He shook himself, and pushed off from the door. Running the tap, he splashed his face with cold water, hoping that would banish his swollen, red rimmed eyes.
Internal girly freak out aside, he stood by what he thought. There was a certain set of rules laid out, and he didn’t really want to get to third base before he’d even taken first.
Dean sighed, and looked at the clock. It was just after eight, and he knew he wouldn’t be getting to sleep anytime soon. He eased himself out of bed, and had just placed his bare feet on the floor, when a very distinct, sharp pain, lanced up through his back. He groaned, and tried to make as little noise as possible. It could still be nothing; it
“”I believe you had a plan, did you not?” Cas broke away and kissed down Dean's neck and it was all the omega could do but draw in as much air as he could, savouring the potent aroma of aroused alpha.
When he felt a definite swishing inside, he slowly put down his spanner, and tried not to panic. He didn’t know the fluttering meant, but it couldn’t be good. He rushed passed a concerned looking Benny, straight to the bathroom. He shook as he looked at himself in the mirror, but he didn’t look pale or strained. He just looked stressed out. He jumped when someone knocked on the door.
“I’m sure it’s just hormones or some shit, I’m sure everything’s –” Dean felt his stomach suddenly heat up, and his whole lower body tensed. Oh
After another contraction shuddered through him, Dean had had enough. Pregnancy rage was a thing, and he used it well.
“Sam,” Cas smiled, and he immediately knew which one had come back to them. He ran forward and embraced his old friend, not questioning how Cas was better. But he was burning to know, and Cas seemed to sense his curiosity.
Dean opened the door, blinking into the harsh fluorescent lights outside. Benny stepped forward quickly, gathering Dean up in his strong arms. Dean sighed against him, so happy for the smell of protection and safety. That was, until a woman with dark, curly hair slipped in behind him. Dean made an enquiring noise, wondering if she was just a hallucination.
that was bad.” Dean panted and leaned against Cas, who had shed his shirt to allow easier access for Dean to scent him. Having the scent of his mate around him made the pain just that little bit more bearable, so he didn’t question the science of it. Dean had shed his clothes pretty early on, another reason he didn’t want anyone else around. Sam had stuck his head in after Dean became more vocal, luckily before he’d stripped completely, and was quickly told everything was fine and that they would let him know if they needed anything.
“Yeah, haven’t eaten in ages.” Dean grinned when Cas growled again, and slipped past him to run to the camp. Cas was showing his nurturing side.
Dean made his way over to Cas, but frowned a little as the angel turned and locked eyes with him. There was something…
He closed his laptop way too hard and was surprised about the tears streaming down his face. He choked back a sob when he realised he shouldn’t be all that surprised, when the website had explained all about hormones and mood changes. He could chalk that up to being a moody teenager, thankfully.
Straightening up, Dean looked himself over Chuck’s mirror. He looked moody, dangerous and just a little bit sexy. He didn’t lie to himself, he knew he was hot, in a right light kind of way. He shrugged on his leather jacket, only because it sort of completed the look. Chuck opened the door just as he was spraying on some of Chuck’s expensive cologne.
and that couldn’t happen. He had to find the man in the club; he had to find out if he had been right that night.
Deans heart stuttered back into action at Cas’ words, and he looked up to see him frowning back. He shook his head very minutely, but Dean caught it.
“You’ll get through this, Dean, you have to.” Sam rubbed his back, and leaned them back against the bed. “You got through hell, you got through purgatory, we stopped the
basket. Full of things he knew a pregnant omega would want, chocolate, pickles, peanut butter, buttery popcorn, all the good stuff.
Dean’s lips felt puffy and tingled, but he just couldn’t stop kissing Cas. His tongue, his lips, his teeth, everything was a mass of heat and slippery euphoria. Feeling Cas’ hard on grinding against his own sent sharp shocks of pleasure shooting up his arms and legs. A burning heat was building in his belly, and yeah it meant he was getting to the edge, but he wouldn’t actually come from what they were doing.
son?” Mary could be terrifying when she was angry, and then was no exception. What Dean didn’t expect, was for Benny to laugh.
of mine.” Dean snorted before picking up a bowl of breakfast. God only knew what it was, but the little beta hadn’t failed them so far, considering the lack of ingredients available to them.
A few months in, Dean was watching Sam give a demonstration on how to start a fire, when he felt a hand on his back. The omega turned, and smiled at his mate. He took their pup, James, after Castiel and Gadreels father, and settled him on his hip.
“Omega.” Dean shivered and his cock gave a valiant twitch of attention at the deep resonance of his mate’s voice. Cas gripped himself, his fingers only
“It just – It seemed important, that’s all.” Sam knew Deans moods, thank god, so he carefully restarted removing the last piece of the puzzle from Cas’ head.
“I’m ok, I think. Guess I just needed a good cleanse.” Dean ran his hands over his enormous belly, grinning when he felt his pup kick just above his belly button, well, more right into his ribs really. Dean turned and wrapped his arms around his mate, scenting him right there in the ocean.
in the city, don’t you, Charlie?” He managed to sit her up, but she still had tears streaming down her face and was gasping for breath.
He didn’t have the first clue how to handle it, and that terrified him. People at school would whisper and spread rumours about him, worse than the ones that followed him around now.
“I would like to see you again, Dean.” Castiel rested his forehead against Deans, and the omega whimpered. The war raging within him was something fierce, but he didn’t have a choice. He had to tell the alpha, before the omega lost himself completely to the fantasy of a loving mate and non-existent family.
“It’s – it’s alright if you don’t want to explain.” Castiel breathed through his mouth, hard, to try and stay lucid enough to keep talking to Dean. He was quickly succumbing to the darkness inside him, and a thought flashed through his mind that maybe Dean was better off away from him anyway. He swept the traitorous thought aside the instant it tried to invade his mind. He had had a life time of self-deprecation and denial. If Dean didn’t want him… “I just thought… we have such a
Dean moaned when Cas’ cock nudged him through far too many layers, and if it was that intense with just a touch, Dean definitely wasn't going to last long with his cock in Cas’ mouth.
Cas reached forward for his mates shoulder, maybe to reassure himself and his mate. Dean clenched in surprise, his inner walls closing in around the alphas red hot cock.
“You did good tonight, Sammy.” Dean looked in the rear vision mirror, and saw his brother grin in embarrassment.
“Yeah, thought you deserved some fancier wheels than the truck.” Dean pulled off the curb, towards the highway. Rain started to fall lightly across the windshield, but it didn’t matter, they weren’t going bush.
The alpha laid him down, making sure he was comfortable and settled. Dean shivered in contentment when he looked around at the small alcove, covered in an assortment of soft things. It was a good nest, even if it would remain empty. Unrealistic sadness crept in; despite the fact Dean
His mom entered, and she looked concerned. “Cas is downstairs, honey. Do you want to see him?” Dean’s heart leapt, and then plummeted. Did he want things to end in the living room, where everyone could see his heart break, or in the privacy of his bedroom, where he could then wallow in peace?
At that particular moment, he was ready to stomp down to the morgue and throw himself into one of those people freezers.  Doctor Novak had just stared at him, with what looked a little like pity, and a whole lot of surprise. Dean was just preparing his joking rejection speech, heart dropping within him like some lead weighted fishing line, when Doctor Novak spoke.
shit fest. “I’m just gonna… go.” He didn’t give Castiel a chance to recover; he just booked it straight to his car.
Dean actually really appreciated the concern, despite his grumblings about overprotective alphas. What he really wished, was that he had an actual mate to prepare with. Someone he could bounce baby names and birthing positions off. But no, Dean Winchester was destined to give birth to his first child, alone, in a shitty motel bathtub.
“He – he didn’t make it.” Dean thought that was weird, because Cas always came to work, unless Dean was supposed to have picked him up, then, shit, he wouldn’t because he’d been in an accident and –
Dean huffed and glared at the alpha. “You know why I did it, Benny. It’s not fair on him, and I’ll be damned if I take anything away from him. He works as a child defender, for fuck sake. That man was
The tight feeling in his chest wouldn’t let up, and when he felt the first tears flow from his eyes and dribble down into his ears, he choked back a sob. He was being stupid, crying in his goddamn room like a girl. He was happy in his life, he had everything he needed. Well, maybe not
Dean took the chance to turn to Cas, who had been joined by Gadreel. Cas hadn’t really talked a whole lot about his own family, but he expected
Dean could tell it was almost out, judging by how thin it had become, but that just made his heart rate rise even more. It was the moment of truth, or the eye of the storm.
“What the fuck!” Dean’s exclamation and the other guy, who was short and looked annoying, woke the alphas. Dean fully expected them to have woken first, but the little guy was quiet. Cas was immediately in front of Dean, teeth bared and growling low in his chest. To say it was a turn on,
Twenty minutes, and two fingers later, Dean was a shaking, panting puddle on his bed. His arm ached from the odd angle, his fingers had the beginnings of a cramp and his other hand was clamped like a vice around the base of his dick.
Logging on to Facebook, he saw that he had three more friend requests and two party invites. They asked him in person, he said
Holding himself tightly, probably a little more painfully than he would have normally, Castiel took that first tentative stroke and was lost.
He didn’t close his eyes, didn’t want to, in case his ghostly buddy decided it was time to say hi again. Maybe that was how Sam felt, when he could see Lucifer. Always there, taunting, screaming silently, but never able to be vanquished. Not that he wanted his nightmare buddy to leave, weirdly enough. He made him feel… less
to rage and cry and scream, but he just felt as if his heart had been ripped from his chest, and he was left with a hollow, gaping wound that would never heal.
Now, answer the question.” Dean sighed, flicking his pen absently against his hand. He did know the answer, but it was so damn easy he didn’t know why Crowley had singled him out.
“I am sorry it took me so long, Heaven has been… hectic, since the darkness was taken care of.” Cas sounded evasive when he said it, and they still hadn’t quite figured out how the angels had stopped the darkness. Dean had been in no fit state to help anyone, and Sam had had his hands full making sure his brother didn’t drown in his own vomit.
The alpha just grinned and stood up, wiping his mouth as he went. “I’m glad you enjoyed it. I haven’t had much opportunity to practice, but I do recall a rather embarrassing incident involving Gadreel finding me with a carrot.” Dean blinked in shock at his alphas sudden vocal level up, and the fact that he’d been caught deep throating a fucking
Dean groaned when Cas practically fell on top of him, only held up by both of his hands. The alpha was shaking, and his breathing was rough.
“Just like his dad.” Dean smirked at Cas, who laughed and shook his head. “I didn’t do much, just did what felt right.” Dean practically purred when Cas gently scented his neck, kissing and licking the visible mating mark. Their bond was so strong, their little family, Dean could feel it thrumming steadily, right beside his heart. It’d been just him and Sam for so long, Dean had forgotten what it was like to be part of a proper family again.
Sam had text him a couple of times, mainly to ask what the hell had happened, because Castiel had apparently called in sick the next day for work. Poor guy, Dean had really done a number on him.
The knock at the door almost made him crap his pants, and he’d already sweated through two tee-shirts. He was a hot mess, and not in the good way. His hands were shaking when he reached for the door handle, and he willed them to stay damn well still, before opening the door.
But Cas needed to know he loved him, before he kicked his ass. His own ass. Shit. “C – casss… I… lo –
and he hadn’t even needed to. Although, as awful as the thought was, without that, he wouldn’t have met Benny, and discovered things about himself he never would have guessed.
Dean shifted, trying to get closer to Cas, to find out what was wrong, when he felt it, the slimy, slippery heat of slick running down his legs. It was early,
if you resist.” They moved forwards, and Dean knew it was now or never. Creeping into the room, Dean saw Cas’ eyes widen only slightly in recognition, before Sam and Dean sunk their blades deep into their enemies. Their lifeless bodies slumped to the floor, and Dean took the opportunity to give Cas a once over.
Stumbling unsteadily across the entryway to the hallway, Castiel braced himself against the wall as a shudder shot through him. It reminded him, strangely, of the beginnings of his rut, but that wasn’t due for another month at the earliest. He shook his head, because that wasn’t a possibility. It was just his body responding to the
“Is this alright?” Cas’ hot breath whispered across Deans ear, and he barely held in the moan that threatened to escape. The cave would echo, and he didn’t want to traumatise Sam too much. So instead, he linked his fingers through the hand he was currently using as a pillow, and kissed the soft inside of Cas’ wrist. The long, low exhale afterward had Dean almost purring back himself.
Dean spotted a bench close to the water, and he steered them in that direction. When they sat down, Dean made sure to give Cas his space. The other man had been quiet on their short walk down the street, and Dean was happy to leave him with his thoughts.
Taking a deep breath, Dean sank down. He gasped when he felt Cas’ cock head slip past that first ring of muscle, the one that was always a bastard when he was preparing himself for a toy. Cas though… he just slipped in perfectly. The alpha and omega groaned in unison as Cas cock slipped in further, and Dean whined low in his throat when it brushed past his prostate.
Dean was inherently a private person, just like his father had been. All he wanted was a good, quiet life for him and his family, but that didn’t stop him from donating a good chunk of the money used to essentially pay them off.
“Hey babe, how was your day?” Deans heart fluttered. Despite the fact they’d been together for over six months, Cas never ceased to make him feel like it was their first date all over again. He just loved him so much, it overwhelmed him sometimes.
Even to him, his voice sounded devoid of any feeling, just the painful emptiness he felt inside. “I’m so sorry, Cas.” His mate pulled his underwear back up, but left his pants, instead coming back around to face Dean. “I didn’t know and –” Ah, there was the emotional pain. Just took a bit to sink in. his throat
“Dunno, probably see how something else pans out first.” Dean knew it was a risk, saying something like that but he wanted Cas’ reaction to help him see if the other man was truly interested or not. When Cas merely nodded his understanding and went back to looking at the lights, Dean licked his lips and made his decision.
“Hey, Dean. Uh, this is – this is Jess.” Jess smiled, and looked at Sam out of the corner of her eye. Yeah, she liked his little brother
“Dean!” The man in question jerked his head towards the voice, so familiar it made Deans very bones ache to hear it after so long. He didn’t even think, just let his feet carry him towards the man who had stepped up and raised both him and Sam when their parents were cruelly taken from them.
He hadn’t meant to get so emotional, but if it made Sam see the logic of what he had to do, then so be it.
Dean wiped the tears from his eyes, and smiled crookedly. He patted Sam on the shoulder, and rubbed his belly. “Alright dude, you’re gonna be an uncle, congrats, now enough with the chick flick moment, its making me gag.”
“Ok, so, slight change of plan.” Dean was glad to see Cas put his hand up for the others to stop talking, and a rush of something a kin to happiness surged through him. “You guys are gonna stay here,
Cas manoeuvred them so Dean was laying on top of the alpha, his knot firmly wedged inside Dean. It wouldn’t go down for at least an hour, so Dean settled down for a nap.
with the hotty sitting next to him. Cas must have picked up on Deans mood, because he shifted awkwardly beside him.
“Castiel, or Cas, will be fine.” Dean just doubled over again, unable to hold his mirth inside. What was the point anyway? They were stuck in the middle of fucking nowhere, with no help on the way and a bunch of psycho alphas out for his ass. He should laugh and have fun while he still had the life to do it.
Dean quickly, and as quietly as he could manage, divested himself of his pants. Cas was panting behind him, sucking harsh but possessive kisses into the flesh of his omegas neck. By the time Dean had rid himself of his pants, and covered them both again with the thick blanket, Cas had his fly undone, his cock out, and was rutting helplessly against Deans slick covered cheeks.
Two as yet unnamed associates of his were leaning against the far wall, but their conversation was loud enough for him to hear, even as far away as he was. He had heard tell of Sam’s brother around the office, but he had not had the opportunity to enquire from the man himself. It seemed every time the omega was mentioned, Sam acquired a somewhat pinched look about him, and the conversation quickly stopped.
Dean looked over at Cas’ table and saw the blue eyed boy watching him closely. Dean bit his lip, blushing further. He ignored Chucks groan and typed out a message to Cas.
Benny made a quick whistle between his teeth to get Deans attention, and cocked his head to indicate their quick exit of the house. No time to stand around looking at farm animals. Dean clutched his gun close to his rapidly beating heart, feeling every hurried pulse. The adrenaline pumping through his veins had him on high alert, snapping around to every click and crunch.
Sam eventually managed to get Dean into bed, but as he closed the door, he couldn’t help but hear Deans quiet sobbing. It was breaking them apart, what Dean had done to himself. He even preferred angry, drunken Dean to confused, depressed Dean. He needed to get Cas to undo the angel magic he’d cast on his brother, otherwise Dean was going to do something drastic that neither of them could come back from.
I am so sorry for the long delay!! I'm trying my best to wrap this story up, so it only has one more chapter left!!
“Alright, Corbett, Karns, Dex,” Hendrickson turned to one half of the squad crouched around him. “You take the houses to the left, clear them out and rendezvous with Alpha Team.” Their squad leader turned to Dean, Benny and Garth. “Winchester, Laffite, Fitzgerald, you three take the two houses to the right. Clear them out and collect the remaining members of Alpha Team.” Dean nodded, and checked his gun before moving to the edge of their line of cover.
Finally, he’d done something right with his sorry existence; he’d finally paid the universe back for the life he’d taken, even if it were by accident.
His stomach grumbled, alerting him to his hunger. He was eating more and more as the weeks went on, using a lot of energy growing his baby. He really was like a giant oven.
He showed him where he went to school, which he’d be a year behind in, but oh well. He showed him where he would go when he just wanted some time out, and then – then he pointed at the club where he’d met the handsome stranger, and consequently fathered a child. Benny seemed to take his sudden silence for what it was,
Dean had also unearthed some long buried part of Castiel, a part he had not acknowledged in a very, very long time. He had thought, with the right person, Dean would have seen how perfect he was, and that there was nothing wrong with him. But it seemed Deans insecurities ran deeper than what Castiel had inferred. The fact that all the alphas before him chose to belittle and demean Dean, render him worth only what his basic biology could offer, enraged him. It also made sense to him, how Dean wouldn’t trust just another alpha that his brother set him up with. What made him different from the past knuckle dragging knot heads that wished to court
what are you, ten?” Sam knew as well as Dean did, that when you hadn’t had a good meal in a few days, tempers started to go to shit. Cas had been suspiciously silent through the whole thing. Dean shook his head and turned to see Cas smiling at him fondly.
had introduced him to the bottomless pit that was Fanfiction, and currently, anything that didn’t have a werewolf in it; he didn’t want to know about it.
“I would like nothing more than for you to go without, Dean, but I worry about the other alphas on the island.” Cas looked so concerned, it twisted something in Deans chest. Fuck, he’d only known the guy for a little over a day, and he was already getting feelings for him. It went against everything Dean had thought before being effectively stranded on the island, but he supposed that was what happened when you found your mate in such outstanding circumstances. Things took on a different light, when your life was in danger.
awkward. A loud groan drew him back to the dark haired man before him, and yeah, he was all wet and pale, but Dean could appreciate a hot guy when he saw one.
Dean felt this breathing slow, and the darkness descend, but he knew his angel would be there waiting for him, wherever his spirit flew to.
His courage was spurred on by the fact that Cas had a gay best friend, so if he didn’t like Deans advances, he would most likely just tell him and not make a thing of it. Dean didn’t have the balls to just outright tell him that he liked him, but he could hint and hope for the best.
“Cas?” Dean groaned and slumped sideways, vision swimming as he tried to reach his boyfriend. It was slow going, since there seemed to be a fucking
Gabriel huffed a pretty sarcastic laugh. “My family didn’t exactly jump for joy when I came out to them, so they probably don’t give two shits.” Dean’s heart squeezed, knowing him and Sam were so lucky their parents accepted them for who they were. “I’m not exactly the poster boy for relationships either, so no, there isn’t anyone waiting at home.” Gabriel looked at them, and at Sam and Gadreel who had decided to grace the group with their presence. “Who knows, maybe one of those assholes in the alpha group is my one and only, my sun and fucking
Sam just held up his hands while raiding the fridge. “I am not saying anything, Dean. I’ll be out of your hear in a minute, I’m heading over to Andy’s place anyway.” Sam shoved an enormous amount of half a sandwich in his moose mouth, and grinned. “Yeah, I don’t wana hear you two boning.” He managed to avoid the shoe Dean threw at his head, but only just. He left, cackling like the little shit that he was.
“You may have to watch your language up here, Dean.” He was sure he’d never stood up so fast in his life.
“Thank fuck for that, I was starting to get cramp.” Dean shook his hand out, closed his book and chucked it on the table. He was focusing on animals at the moment, for the environmental part of the syllabus. He enjoyed drawing them, putting emotion into their eyes, because fuck anyone that said animals didn’t feel shit.
“Alright, I’ll need a few basic herbs and plants.” Cas rattled off what he needed, and sent Dean off to look for the plants. Cas described what they looked like, but Dean didn’t remember the names. He didn’t actually care, as long as it sorted his problem.
“How about we have a rest, then go look for some water?” Everyone seemed more than happy with his idea, so Dean made his way over to a nice looking log, and lowered himself onto the hot sand. It seemed like about the middle of the afternoon, which meant they would need to find a place to sleep soon.
He couldn’t get the alpha out of his head, the blue eyed beauty invading his dreams and nightmares. He couldn’t even count the number of times he had woken up with the sheets wrapped around him in a cocoon of cold sweat, sadness and longing.
“Well, I guess daddy knows best, huh.” Melissa was talking, and he shook his head to focus. He was just so goddamnit
Keeping his eyes closed for the time being, he listened for what was around him. A rhythmic crashing of water somewhere below him, the sand in his eyes, and pretty much everywhere else, told him he was lying on a beach. He could feel the tiny particles under his fingers, crusting into his face.
“I know what you mean, man. It – well it sucks that people have to live in fear of them, in fear of the people in this town. No one should have to hide who they really are.” Chuck didn’t even bother looking away from Dean when he said it, and it terrified him. Cas was obviously smart, if he was in classes with Chuck, that meant he might figure out where Chuck was going with his little speech. Dean didn’t know if he was ready for that, even if Cas did seem like a stand-up guy.
“Heya, Sammy.” His heart hammered uncomfortably in his chest when the silence dragged on, but when he heard a muffled sob at the end of the line, he relaxed.
A deep rumbling, and an ear splitting crash jerked both their heads around, just as a fork of lightening lit up the darkening sky. Dean shivered when a cool wind blew over their little beach, and the waves rose up to meet it.
It was too soon for his heat to hit, but being only three times a year, it geared up for it in a big way. Including making his libido so much stronger in the couple of weeks before hand.
“Nah, I’ve got a – a friend that can bring us.” Dean swallowed thickly, he needed to hang up, or he was going to lose his composure. “I, ah, I gotta go, mom. I’ll see you in a few days.” He didn’t let it sound like a question. He wanted his mom to know that he
“I haven’t been here long, but already my brother has taken it upon himself to set me up.” Cas watched the lights flicker and Dean watched Cas.
At some point during the vague blur that was his rut, he had called Sam to let him know he would be out of work for a few days. The alpha had sounded concerned, which he appreciated from his friend. When he asked what the problem was, and if it had anything to do with Dean, he feigned ignorance and just went with the common cold. He did not think it his place to talk to Sam about how Dean had rejected him, and he hadn’t had it in him to get into a discussion anyway.
Groaning, he rolled away from Cas and sat up. The alpha smacked his lips and growled softly, but didn’t wake up. Dean sat there, trying to assess what his instincts were trying to tell him. With both hands on his belly, he tried to see if the baby was awake. It usually moved around a hell of a lot when he was trying to sleep, of course, but at that moment, he couldn’t feel anything. It wasn’t worrying, ever since his pup had dropped into his pelvis a few days before, which was the
“It’s stupid,” Cas angled Deans head to look at him, and held his gaze. “I know we can’t have pups here, but my omega side isn’t listening to reason.” Dean attempted a smile, but it probably just looked like a grimace. Cas rumbled low in his chest, and crawled up so he was face to face with the omega, his body draped over Deans protectively.
What Castiel didn’t expect was the wash of emptions to play across the omegas face. Even though he obviously strove to hide them quickly, they were still very prominent. What elicited such a response to just a smile, Castiel was unsure, but he had a burning suspicion it had to do with the rumours that abound his office.
Dean felt more relaxed as the morning wore on, and made a list of things he felt he needed. Things like prenatal vitamins, because he had a feeling the teenage multi vitamins weren’t gonna cut it. Bigger jeans and more sweatshirts, to cover up at school. He needed a doctor’s appointment and an ultra sound to see how his tadpole was doing. He knew it had grown out of that stage, but it had stuck with him.
“Did you guys get a cat while I was gone?” Dean laughed, but the joke went ignored. His parents were both glaring at Sam, who quickly ducked for cover. “No, seriously, who’s Cas?” Dean thought the name sounded familiar, but he couldn’t place where he’d heard it. Sounded like a hippy name.
before, and despite himself, he was itching to know what had caused it. “I was sure those assholes had died, everybody else did, so
“So, should we head back down to the beach?” Dean wanted to ignore how close they were standing to each other, so he dropped Cas’ hand and stepped back.
Grinning, Dean replied. He was glad he didn’t have to think much when he talked to Cas, because he was having a hard time concentrating that hard.
one, considering somehow Sam and Gabriel had managed to convince all of the adults it would be better for the young omega to live with the Winchesters, at least for a little while, to let the newly mated pair settle in to their new life.
“Great, I’m mating a hallmark card.” Cas cocked his head to the side, signalling that no, he did not understand that reference. Dean just shook his head and chuckled. Cas had a weird way of calming Dean down, but hell, it worked, whatever he did.
He gently pushed Gabriel towards Sam, before wrapping himself around his mate. Cas stiffened, probably in surprise, before wrapping his arms tightly around Dean. The omega buried his face in his mate’s neck, drawing in huge breaths of calming, soothing alpha.
“You know I am at odds with society, and the current  “regime” rubs me entirely the wrong way.” Dean almost laughed at the air quotes, but it was a serious discussion after all. It could well change their whole lives.
“I hope you feel better soon.” Good lord Dean loved Sam so much; it almost made him start crying again. Sam wandered off to get ready, and Dean turned back to his parents.
“Ok, stay here and ask him what his name is,” Sam started to walk away, but yelled back, “I have a feeling we’re gonna be here for a while.” Yeah well, he hoped not. He had about, oh, two weeks, before things would get
“I have a son your age, Dean. If he went missing… I don’t know what I’d do. Your parents… no matter what you think they wanted to do, I bet all they want is to have you home safe.” He looked down at her and saw tears in her eyes. “At least call them, let them know you’re ok, that you’re
Yay Gabriel! He's one of my fave's. I'm really trying to do protective/caring Cas, i hope i'm doing it right! I haven't written him as an alpha before when its him and Dean together! Its hard!
” Dean felt his face heating at Benny’s tone, and what he knew the alpha was insinuating. Benny took his silence for what it was a big, glaring,
He loved Cas, he loved his baby and nothing could break the spell that had been cast over them, not even –
Dean didn’t know how many hours passed, but the cramps eventually tapered off, and so did the bleeding. He was sore, and in pain, but nothing compared to how his inner omega was rubbed raw, having lost what it was literally designed to care for. His instincts were numb, his scent must have been a mess, and Cas wasn’t much better.
Dean closed his eyes, willing the blush in his cheeks and the hammering of his heart to quieten. He opened his eyes when he felt movement next to him, and all the blood in his cheeks receded back to his aching heart as he watched Cas shoot up from his seat and practically run out of the theatre. Dean swallowed, and he just knew that it was bad. What had just happened was
Dean stood before him and looked absolutely distraught, no matter how much he endeavoured to hide it. Castiel could see right through Dean’s mirage, but he couldn’t fathom
It really confused him that Cas was crying because Dean looked like a prize fighter, who’d lost. Whose ass would he kick? His own? Well, if he had to, he would.
about what he endured over that half an hour, but by the time he stumbled back to camp, he was sweaty, shaking and embarrassed as hell. He motioned for Cas to follow him down to the beach, where he stripped everything off and waded into the surf. His alpha did the same, coming up behind him.
“I think we have to do it quick, I mean, look at him,” They both looked over at Cas, who had his eyes closed and was visibly shaking against the pillar. “I just – I don’t know how it’s gonna go, ok? I haven’t done anything like it before, and there is like,
“No problem, Dean. You let me know if you need anything, and I’ll see what I can do.” He patted Dean on the back as he left the office. “You’re one strong son of a bitch doing this all on your own.”
“Yes, it should be safe now. Did you find anyone before you found me? You mentioned a “Sam”?” Dean smirked when Cas actually did
As his orgasm neared, his hand bumped continuously over his knot, which was almost ready to expand. Using both hands, one at the base, wrapped around his almost popped knot, the other flying over his pre-release covered cock, he threw himself over the edge.
Cas did end up carrying Dean up to their bedroom, but only because his legs were shaking so bad he couldn’t actually stand. He was
Cas didn’t stop smiling at him, but he did shake his head. “Nothing, don’t worry.” Cas slid past him, and sat down, then grabbed Deans hand, and tugged him down too.
By the time they made it back to the shore, Dean was relaxed and happy. The events of the day seemed a distant,
“I can’t promise any of that; you know I’m a stubborn asshole.” Dean stoked Cas’ lank, sweaty hair. “But I can try, I can promise to try.” Cas smiled at him, but it suddenly changed to a look of fear.
Deans) but it still came as a shock. Dean felt a cold sweat break out, and he realised he was actually
Is probably to blame. You marked his soul, Cas, and I don’t think anyone ever really forgets when someone does that.” He really was pulling theories out of his ass, but something seemed to click with Cas, because his eyes suddenly seemed brighter, more hopeful.
not until they were rescued, and had a hospital readily available. The omega part of his brain, however, which pretty much controlled his consciousness during his heat, wanted to be bred, to be carrying his alphas pups.
“I’m here, babe, I’m here.” Dean pulled himself closer to his fiancé, ignoring every flare of pain that jolted through him. “What’s up?” Trying to stay nonchalant seemed to be working well to stem the flow of his true emotions, so Dean just went with it. It was easier than thinking about…
He flushed the toilet, threw the test in the bin and checked his clothes. The scent blocker he’d put on earlier in the morning was still going strong, thank Christ. One problem at a time, thank you very much.
When something, Dean didn’t know whether it was tongue, finger or both, brushed his prostate, he sobbed, because the growing pleasure was almost too great. He was on the cusp of something so powerful, he was a little afraid. With Cas’ hands holding him firm, though, he knew he was protected.
What actually happened, was Dean stared at the poor guy for way too long, before putting his giant foot in his mouth. Well, at least Sam got a laugh out of it.
“That took balls, kid.” He brushed off the dirt on his pants, and straightened his shirt. His smirk dropped when he looked back at Dean, though. “But you’re gonna wish you took the first option, by the time I’m done with you.” He didn’t give Dean time to respond, he just punched him square in the face.
Dean seemed to shake himself from his revere, and the small talk began. Castiel happily regaled tales of his bees, and entertained Dean with stories from his work. Castiel was having a wonderful time, but he couldn’t help notice Dean’s strained smile, or how he had what seemed like a short conversation via text. With who, Castiel didn’t know, but it was worrisome.
“There’s no point in us hanging around here. Let’s – let’s get back to the bunker. Regroup.” He wasn’t looking at Sam, but he could feel his brothers stare. Thankfully, Sam had the sense not to question him.
When the next painful surge of tension washed over him, Dean bore down with everything he had left, with a strength he hadn’t thought he processed. He was pretty sure he broke a few bones in Benny’s hand too. The moment he felt his baby slip free from his body, he fell backwards against Benny, crying and gasping in great lungful’s of air.
you don’t get to leave, Dean.” Benny sounded angry, but Dean knew it was just fear and sadness. “You don’t get to say that lovey dovey crap and then just check out.”
“What? Oh, fuck no, Sam. God, I’d never do that to you. Hell, someone’s gotta stay behind to protect your ass.” Dean attempted a smile, to show his brother that
After a few minutes of no answer, and really, what omega in their right mind would actually answer a knot crazed alpha, there was an enraged howl.
“Are you alright?” Dean shivered when Cas’ breath caressed his ear, and he nodded, experimentally swivelling his hips and earning a sharp intake of breath from the alpha. “I’m – I’m not going to last very long, I’m afraid.” Dean snorted, because by the state of his own throbbing, dribbling cock, neither would he. He simply answered with another swivel of his hips. Cas’ growled quietly, taking Deans indication of his readiness literally by the hips, before drawing out and easing back in.
They were both looking at him in shock, and Dean could just see the utter disappointment in their eyes. He swallowed thickly, and willed the tears back into his eyes. He didn’t know what to
Taking a deep breath, and hoping his voice wouldn’t crack, Dean smiled at Cas. “I really wanna… go all the way with you, babe.” Dean felt, in that moment, everything freeze on a precipice, as he waited for Cas’ response. What he got, was a lap full of enthusiastic teenage boy.
. It was unlike anything he had ever experienced, but almost immediately he knew what it meant. He waited a few minutes, just in case he was wrong, not wanting to wake his mate and freak him out for nothing.
“Yes, Dean. I would like that.” Cas gave Deans hand one last squeeze before disappearing back through the door.
any kind of attention and he didn’t like going to parties, no matter how many of the popular girls asked him to go.
more so than he had in a long time. Looking back to before he knew Cas, or had so many friends, he actually might have been a little bit depressed, without actually realising it.
His phone was nowhere to be seen, and desperation clawed at his chest. Dean was just starting to panic when a flash of light, almost like the beam of torch light, burst past his senses, illuminating the interior of the car.
Dean threw a leg up over the alphas side, unable to suppress the urge of rutting into the other man's face. Dean knew he wouldn't last long, the sensation of Cas’ tongue swirling around the head almost doing him in entirely.
“Uh, I write Fanfiction. Mainly about that show, um, Supernatural?” Cas frowned before his eyes widened in and a huge smile spread across his face.
As the opening cords of a familiar song thrummed through the car, and vibrated their way into his aching heart, Dean was convincing himself that the universe was truly out to get him. He sang along with the words, breath hitching every few lines, and he knew he was done for when the chorus started.
He scrubbed angrily at his face, using the tissues he’d grabbed for clean up to wipe his away the evidence of his breakdown. Cleaning the come off himself was disgusting as always, and he threw everything in his rubbish bin with a vengeance. He turned off his laptop and put it back on his desk.
Lucifer’s lip curled when he saw Deans mating bite, and he punched him in the side of the head for ‘sucking in some poor unsuspecting alpha’. Dean saw stars, but didn’t miss the savage kick Lucifer delivered to his stomach. Dean howled in pain, some part of him breaking with unknown fear and loss. He didn’t even know why, apart from the fact he was sure he was going to die.
As for the blankets and pillows, Dean selfishly wanted all their scents covering the items for when he eventually gave birth, knowing it would make him feel more relaxed, being surrounded by the scents of his pack.
“It’s what a good ol’ mating smells like, Sammy. Better get used to it.” Dean grinned again and Gabriel burst out laughing.
Dean shook his head, because that was ridiculous. He’d just met the guy, and subsequently saved his life. he wasn’t going to get with
As quietly as he could, he slid open his window and dropped his bag the short distance to the ground. Dean put a pillow on the window sill, to protect his belly from the hard wood as he lowered himself to the ground. With a soft thump, he made it, no pain or injury to speak of. At least part one of his master plan had gone well.
He looked up to see Cas staring down at their hands, and Dean was worried for a minute he had made a terrible mistake. That was before Cas very gently and slowly, raised his pinkie finger, caressing Deans own in smooth motions. Dean closed his eyes and bit back a small sound from escaping. Who knew hands could be so damn arousing?
“So what movie are we seeing?” Chuck snapped Dean from his stupor, which he was eternally grateful for. Although, he was pointedly trying
Cas went wild, diving in with a ferocity Dean scarcely saw in the alpha. When his tongue breached the slack muscle of his ass, Dean yelled.
“I’m just concerned, Dean.” Cas certainly looked concerned, all scrunchy face and squinty, blue eyes. “You haven’t experienced sickness like this since the beginning of your pregnancy. Food poisoning or any illness at this point could be very dangerous for the both of you.” Dean sighed when Cas started massaging his lower back, nudging away all the knots and bunched muscles.
He looked around nervously at the empty bathroom, glad no one had come in. He probably looked a mess, and as he looked into the mirror, he confirmed it. He looked pale as hell, sweaty and slightly sick. His bright green eyes stood out against the sickly pallor of his skin, making it look even more pronounced.
“Here I was thinking another omega would understand the tyranny of the alpha centric system, but I guess I was wrong.” Dean would have felt bad for him, hell; he would have commiserated with him, if the dude wasn’t giving of wave after wave of indifference and hatred.
The omega tipped his head back and opened his mouth, a mournful howl escaping his lips in a shuddering resonance. Cas joined him, matching his pain and loss. Every part of their suffering was echoing around them, a promise to those who had wronged them that they would pay, that there would be
alright. The alpha was positively gushing with unhappiness and unadulterated pain. “I just thought… we have such a
Sam saw him first, and frowned at him. “Dude, you know better than that. What if you got lost?” He hated it when Sam treated him like a wilting fucking flower, but he knew his brother was just trying to look out for him. Dean sighed, and rubbed the back of his neck. He snuck a glance at Cas, who wasn’t looking at him. That hurt, for some reason.
Wesson, the name that Benny knew, but for some fucked up reason, his real name came out instead. He tensed when he realised what he had done, and so had everyone else.
y – you.” Dean sighed, having said what he needed to. It was like a weight had been lifted off his chest, and he could breathe easier. In fact, everything was getting a bit darker. Maybe he should go to sleep, since it was getting dark. He didn’t need to close his eyes, because they didn’t want to open in the first place, so he just let himself drift. Cas must have sensed it, because he was immediately trying to keep him awake, which,
He brought it up at lunch one day, when everything was relatively quiet. Benny hadn’t let him near a car for the last few weeks, but he had been teaching Dean how to take appointments and do the general book work. It gave Benny the chance to get out and work on cars, something he really enjoyed, and it gave Dean the opportunity to sit on his ass all day and rest his aching body.
“Uh, yeah, same.” Dean murmured scratching the back of his head with his free hand, chuckling darkly. He on the other hand,
“Dude, it’s gonna be fine. We’ll talk to him and that’s it.” Dean didn’t even know why they were hanging around; they could have just made a run for it as soon as he’d left.
Dean sat up and rubbed his eyes, because Sam wasn’t alone. He didn’t sound like he was fighting anything, but he did sound like he was in a rush. Drunk or not, if Sam needed him, he needed to be ready. He struggled out of bed, stumbling around in the dark as he tried to put his pants on.
Dean could barely handle the way Cas was being so gentle with him, how upfront and honest the alphas was talking. Apart from Sam, Dean had never let himself get close enough to anyone to
“It’s alright, Dean.” Cas sounded so damn gentle, Dean almost believed him. No, it wasn’t alright, but he could pretend it was until Cas was gone. “You don’t have to pretend with me. It’s ok.” What the hell did he know? Pretending was all he goddamn had.
When he was finally dressed, he found the knife he kept under his pillow and made his way slowly to the door. He had his hand on the door knob, and was turning it, trying to not make any noise, when it suddenly flew out of his grasp. He stumbled backwards, cursing himself for not turning on his light. He hit the bed with a grunt, knife held out in front of him.
Luckily, he had a bathroom to himself, just off his room. He had to get up slightly earlier, but he could cope if it meant hiding his condition for a few more weeks.
“You – you mean I didn’t – I didn’t have to –” Give birth without my family, feel so alone; live in a shit motel for months? His dad just shook his head sadly.
The morning did not bring about an ease to Castiel’s condition, indeed, it only seemed to have deteriorated. Sweat pooled in the small hollow at the top of his sternum, and spilled forth, sliding down between his pecks when he sat up, groaning.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas asked, setting the popcorn down by their feet. Dean stopped his nervous fidgeting, in case he did something mortifying, like knock over the giant bucket of popcorn. He just stared at Cas and tried to find his voice again, buried under the weight of his confusion.
“Just come out, I know you’re there.” Sam was too tired to play games. Whatever it was hiding in the shadows, he hoped it would hurry up so he could go to bed. Not to sleep, but to try and make a plan for Dean.
Cas smiled, and Dean couldn’t help it when his eyes flicked down to Cas’ lips when he caught his bottom one between his teeth. He had incredible lips, they looked soft and slightly puffy, like he bit them often or –
Dean had managed to calm himself down in a very short space of time. He was actually surprised with himself, but it must have had a lot to do with his mate sitting a foot away from him. His alphas scent calmed him like nothing else. That didn’t mean he was going to just inexplicably trust the guy, they had only just met, after all.
“You ready brotha?” Benny’s blue eyes were hidden beneath his goggles, and for that Dean was grateful. He liked to clear his mind during missions, so he wasn’t distracted and therefore, a liability to his team. The last thing he needed to be reminded of was blue eyes, staring at him with such love and adoration – “Dean?”
across his face. “Dude, that is disgusting.” Dean grinned and sat down by the fire. Gabriel was stirring something in a pot that smelt fan-fucking-tastic.
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean. Castiel explained how you saved his life; we are forever in your debt.” Dean took a moment to absorb how weird Cas’ family were, before he cracked an easy smile and grabbed the other guy’s hand.
He grinned as he watched the little chat bubble announce Cas was writing his reply, and returned his hand to his lap. He didn’t touch his dick, but the urge to was definitely there.
“Heya, Sammy.” Dean ruffled his brother’s hair, smirking when Sam batted his hand away, huffing in annoyance.
“Is everything alright? You look like you’re about to pass out.” Cas looked concerned, and he had every right to be. Dean’s heart was hammering, and he felt lightheaded. Maybe it was a bad idea – maybe –
Cas must have sensed Dean's surprise, because the alpha suddenly cleared his throat and shuffled uncomfortably.
” Dean felt Gabriel gasp against him, but Dean wasn’t so surprised. Something about the omega had just rubbed him the wrong way. “I knew those assholes had followed me onto the cruise, so I tampered with the navigation system and interfered with the engine. It wasn’t hard to sink the old girl, once I knew where to put the right holes.” Crowley actually fucking
“C – cold.” Cas’ voice was barely a whisper, but Dean would always hear. He looked around for something to cover Cas, but he came up empty handed. He could vaguely hear sirens and yelling, but it all seemed so distant. All he could focus on was the deathly pale colour of Cas’ skin, and the rattily wheeze escaping his chest.
As he stood at the steps of his family home, waving goodbye to his Mom, Dad and Sammy, all he could think about was the dark haired boy due to turn up in half an hours time. A weird, tingly feeling started in his chest, and spread rapidly, radiating outwards until encompassed his whole body. It was a big night for them, and even though Dean hadn’t technically
“I got too, man. I’ve got somewhere to be, someone to meet.” Dean was talking gibberish, but his words made sense to him, he was gonna see Cas again, he was going to be with his angel. Dean could feel the pull getting stronger, the insistent tug that told him it was almost time to go.
“We trust you honey, but just be careful.” His mum looked so fond, but Dean blushed at her words. Was he really that transparent? They couldn’t know his plans, could they?
do you hear me? Aint many of them around, and he was hard to come by.” Dean shivered, and despite himself, burrowed closer into Cas. There was another omega on the island with them. “We’re gonna find that piece of trash, and I’m going to make him learn what happens, when he runs from
they hadn’t picked up on his scent. Dean had stood there, frozen to the spot, not knowing exactly what to do. The absolute last thing he wanted to do was see his brother getting boned, but his body had refused to cooperate.
Dean swallowed thickly and for once in his life, didn't know what to say. Cas couldn't possibly mean what he thought he meant, could he? Did he actually feel, deep down, what Dean had felt too?
Dean nodded and was immediately overwhelmed. Fear, longing, a little bit of anger, probably lingering from their dinner topic, coursed through the air.
Taking a shaky breath, Dean sat down on his bed and laid his head in his hands. He had his reasons for not wanting people to know he was gay. As far as he was concerned, it was his private business and he wanted to keep it that way. He lived in a small town, he went to a small school, only eight hundred kids. If anyone found out about his orientation… he wasn’t ready for that kind of attention. He wasn’t ashamed of it, far from it. He’d had his freak out when he was fourteen and realised he was getting more than his fair share of awkward boners after gym class.
Dean was taller, but not by much. Because Castiel was an alpha, he seemed bigger than he actually was. It was a good defence mechanism, but it also just made Deans mouth water. The guy was in a dark blue suit, as Sam had said he would be, and for some reason that Dean couldn’t fathom, his tie was on backwards. Dean’s fingers itched to fix it, but he thought that would be a bit presumptuous for the start of a first date. The alpha was also wearing a tan overcoat, which he was in the process of taking off. It looked good on him; Dean doubted anyone else could make such a benign thing look so damn sexy. Dark, messy hair framed a lightly tanned, kind face. Bright blue eyes which undeniably caught Deans immediate attention, flashed back to hold Deans gaze.
Sam gathered the map and his supplies off the hood while Dean threw the rest of their stuff in the back seat. Sam had tracked the GPS on his phone to some sister – wife of a hick town in the middle of bumfuck nowhere. His fingers tightened on the steering wheel, leather creaking and whining under his grip. His heart was hammering in his chest, sweat beaded on his brow.
come prematurely before, but he guessed he was just so riled up by Cas that it was inevitable. Cas moved them so they could look each other in the eye, and Dean was surprised, and more than a little relieved, to see a shy smile on his face.
Everyone moved so they were sitting in a circle, and Dean was seated directly across from Cas. He wouldn’t look at him, but it was hard considering he was right
“What the hell, dude?” Dean stood up and threw his hands out, frustration pouring from him in droves. “Are you gonna tell me what happened in there or are you just gonna make dinner plans?”
“Sam, everything’s fine, I’m fine, and you’re fine, just – just, well, you know the drill. Stay outta the way the way and keep the others away too.” Sam just sighed and nodded. He knew the drill.
“He’s – he’s not here, Dean.” The doc sounded weird, strained almost, and Dean’s probably concussed brain couldn’t figure out why.
“I – I trust you. If it’s an insect, I can tell you if it is dangerous or not.” Cas sounded hesitant, but not afraid. Dean could smell the tension radiating off the alpha. He was waiting for Dean to make his move.
“Thank you, you’re going to make me blush.” Dean licked a strip up the column of his throat, smiling when Cas shivered and moaned. Leaning back on his hands, Deans eyes roamed greedily over the expanse of naked flesh before him. A deep blush painted Cas’ torso which was all the more surprising by the fact Cas was pretty damn tanned. The very fact Dean could see it meant it must have been pretty strong.
“Don’t talk, you need – you need to preserve your strength.” Damnit, Cas sounded absolutely wrecked. He couldn’t even keep the tremor from his voice. If only his fucking body would move, but no, it was like being stuck in a waking dream.
“Nothing that I can detect, but you will have to apply it at least once a day, and after you go in the water.” Cas smiled at him. Dean smiled back, and wondered if the guy had a mate, or a boyfriend or girlfriend. He couldn’t see a mating mark, so that was a good sign. He’d get to know the guy better before he brought up the whole
too close in his opinion but whatever, he knew Cas would likely want to be near them. So he found a tree that had fallen in some long past storm, and made his bed behind it. It blocked everyone else out, and when Gadreel questioned it, Sam replied.
Next thing he knew, Dean was on his back in the middle of his nest. Cas ripped off his omegas jeans and underwear, ramping up the speed of their previously slow, delicate love dance.
“They are only two and three. We believe the omega is also pregnant, but if and when the child is born remains to be seen.” Cas looked exhausted. He had a feeling Cas was thinking and feeling exactly what Dean was. How unfair was it that anyone, let alone defenceless children, could be in such an awful situation. All Dean wanted to do was gather him up in a big warm bed and hold him for hours.
Walking to the door was a hardship he hadn’t known was possible. Everyone else had left them too it, almost as if they knew they didn’t want an audience. Cas shut the door behind him and leaned up against it.
“Did that feel good?” Cas’ quiet, deep timbre added to the ambiance of their slow morning, and Dean's heart swelled in his chest at his alphas care and attention. “Would you like me to do it again?” Dean nodded hastily, not wanting anything to stop Cas from doing what was natural.
A soft hum from across the table had Dean looking up, and the guy was nodding in sympathy. “My brother keeps organising ‘dates’ for me, even though I’ve expressed my disinterest in them.” He had used actual air quotes, what the hell. “So far, one has been awfully rude, one only wanted to sleep with me and well, tonight’s didn’t turn up at all.”
Tall, dark and handsome, Dean knew it was cliché, but there really wasn’t any other way to describe him. He had messy dark hair, just like Lincolns. Bright, concerned eyes that slanted at the corners, just like Lincolns, and lightly tanned skin, just like Lincolns. He was wearing a light blue sweater, pressed pants and nice shoes.
“Um, mom?” Mary turned to her oldest son and smiled. Dean hoped he didn’t look too nervous, because why should he be nervous buying vitamins. He thanked whoever was watching over him once again for his scent blockers.
“Ah, um, your cock is beautiful.” Oh what the fuck, Dean’s eyes widened and he just sat there, waiting for Cas to laugh at his absolute lack of tact. Cas, however, just smiled the biggest grin Dean had ever seen. He chuckled and gestured at Dean's tented boxers.
Dean waited… and waited… for Cas to say something. He knew the angel wouldn’t say anything without thinking it through carefully first, but that only put Dean
“I believe you have ruined me, Dean.” The omega just chuckled. He was hard as hell and sweaty as fuck, but Dean was so happy he could burst. “I’d very much like to suck you off properly now.”
He dug slowly around in between the kernels, taking his time and bumping Cas’ hand more than once. He savoured the feeling of warm skin against his own, and the sweet tendrils of inexplicable desire a simple touching of hands could elicit. He managed to keep himself still, albeit barely, when he felt Cas gently stroke his hand with his pinkie finger, just the once, along the outside of Deans. It must have been a mistake, a simple twitch of the hand, because as suddenly as it was there, it was gone, leaving Deans hand alone and cold inside a bucket of buttery goodness.
“I’ll get everything sorted with my family first, and then I’ll start looking for my baby daddy.” While Dean had been at Benny’s, he’d had a
“Dean? Are you alright? Did I do something wrong?” Cas sat back and Dean got his first good look at the alpha. He was lightly muscled, but still built like an alpha. His eyes traced the lines of muscles, bunching and contracting in his pecs and abs. The light dusting of dark hair trailed all the way down to his belly, where courser hair picked up the path. Dean’s breath hitched when his eyes focused on Cas’ cock, large, erect and actually pretty damn intimidating. It was flushed red with arousal, and Dean could see a little bead of pre cum glistening at the tip.
Cas talking about disrespecting alphas and getting taught a lesson… Dean had found a kink he wouldn’t mind exploring.
“Guess he thinks you need setting up.” Dean thought of his own brother and his Grindr exploits. “It was my brother’s idea for me to try Grindr, actually.” They both had a chuckle at their brother’s helpfulness and went back to what Dean was quickly thinking of as a comfortable silence.
but was probably only about fifteen minutes, Cas knot swelled to the point where it couldn’t escape the wet heat of Deans hole. The alpha shouted before latching onto Dean’s shoulder, burying his sharp teeth into the tender meat to solidify their bond, forever.
was he calling the alpha by his full name, that shit was a mouthful, looked at him almost thoughtfully.
was not the way he saw the conversation going. “It’s not that I don’t want to rip off all of your clothes, knot you and claim you as mine, because I do, I really do. But I
The movie started just after Chuck came racing up the stairs, yammering about his dad not wanting him out late or something. Of course he choose to sit with Becky, but Dean gave him a sneaky wink which Chuck returned with a grin.
you for not giving it up to some random at a party.” She nudged Charlie when she said it, and Dean was flooded with relief. They didn’t care. They didn’t
It took ages, longer than it should have, and Dean was about to call it quits, when he felt a tightening of the guy’s mouth when it touched his own. Spurred on, Dean increased the breaths until –
“You killed my friends you fucker!” Gabriel leapt out of Deans arms and went straight for Crowley. Dean still had the brain cells to know Gabriel couldn’t afford another punch in the face, so he grabbed him around the waist before he could get his hands on the other omega. Gabriel howled his rage, but quickly broke down again once he realised he wasn’t going anywhere. Crowley just took a step back and held Deans attention.
“They’re down at the beach; we found some fishing equipment washed up.” Both of the other men looked pleased, and it played to Dean’s omega nature to have made that happen. Cas sniffed the air slightly, so only Dean actually noticed. He looked alarmed for a moment, before grabbing Dean’s hand.
“Yeah, you’re right.” Dean smiled and ducked his head, suddenly inexplicably embarrassed by his behaviour. He swore it was the omega in him, but something told him it was Cas as well.
Dean eased his way off his bed before making his way to his desk. Starting his laptop up, Dean wondered if Chuck had any more chapters he needed to be edited. He hoped not, that last sex scene had been
Dean snapped back to the present, firmly reminding himself that he had a job to do, and that was to protect his friends. “Sure am, sugar.” Dean smirked at Benny, who just shook his head and laughed. Dean had a way of lightening situations, which came in handy in tense situations.
Melissa had found a car seat somewhere, Dean didn’t ask where. He was too exhausted. He let Melissa, who he found out was also an omega, which surprised him, strap Lincoln into his car seat. Dean kept a protective hand on one of his chubby little legs, clothed in a plain little green onesie. Turned out he did fit the diapers, which was damn lucky.
but he kept that at bay, lest he frighten Dean off. He didn’t know how the other alphas treated Dean on their excursions, but he would keep theirs as innocent as he could. He brought their mouths together gently, despite his eager
Cas practically buried his face in Deans ass, freeing his hands up to grip Deans aching erection. With one hand circled around Dean’s cock, and the other carefully massaging his balls, Cas brought Dean to the edge very quickly.
“Goodnight honey.” His mom seemed to hesitate, before adding, “We love you, always remember that.” Dean stuffed his face in his pillow to muffle his sobs. He’d broken his family with one simple lapse of judgement.
Dean was so glad his mate’s senses were abnormally good; because Cas came crashing out of the undergrowth soon after Crowley ran off. He must have scented Dean’s anguish, and probably Gabriel’s as well. The poor beta was hiccupping into Dean’s shirt, while the omega ran a soothing hand up and down his back.
Sam hugged him fiercely when it was time for him to leave to go to bed. He knew it would be the last time in a long time before he saw his brother again.
“I think… don’t laugh, Benny. But I think I’ll name him Lincoln.” Benny did chuckle, but in a good natured way. The first car Dean had worked on for Benny had been a Lincoln. It was sort of an ode to the alpha, for taking a chance on him, and giving him the support he needed in his time of need.
They were still going over what they would need in their portfolios to pass the class, so Dean sat back and let the syllabus wash over him.
Walking back to the car park by himself highlighted how dark it really was once he ducked out of sight of the city lights. He wasn’t scared of the dark, just mindful of the dangers others faced out there in the darkness.
Another thrust down, and up, and Dean felt an unfamiliar stretch pull at his rim. Cas was gasping and groaning against his neck, nipping and licking at the skin where he would leave his mark. As rising and falling became increasingly difficult, Dean managed to wriggle his hand between their bodies to fist his own cock.
Sam’s hair went flying as he quickly nodded, before he slowly crept towards the new family. Cas didn’t even growl, which surprised Dean. Usually having another alpha around so soon after birth would be a huge no no. Just went to show how much Cas trusted Sam.
“I’m not interrupting anything, am I?” Dean couldn’t keep the slight edge of jealously out of his voice, but apparently, Cas
“Whatever it is, you can tell me.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand, sounding as genuine and truthful as he could, since Dean still hadn’t met his eyes. Of course Castiel would adhere to whatever Dean instructed, as innocuous or painful as it may be. Castiel may want Dean more than he had ever desired anything else in his long life, but he was still a gentleman.
they were mated. He curled a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, running soothing fingers through the short hairs. Dean shivered, slick starting to make its presence known.
like what he remembered from his father. He was glad his son has inherited those traits, at least then he would have some concrete memory of the man that had given him the best thing in the world, even if he never met him again. He desperately wanted too, though. Even if he didn’t want Dean as a mate, which he probably wouldn’t, considering he was older and Dean was a friggen teenager, Dean still wanted him to know he had a son. He would never deprive Lincoln of knowing his father.
With more willpower than he thought he possessed, Dean withdrew his finger and managed to pull together what he thought was a coherent sentence.
A tongue flicked out, leaving a wet line of pure arousal along Deans neck, making his eyes almost roll back in his head. Cas
He didn’t deserve to feel that way, not after everything. Benny was a nice guy, and in the month he’d been on base, they had become good friends, but that was all it was ever going to be. All it
“I can’t explain it to you, Sam. It’s a pain that isn’t just in my body, its eating away at my mind as well. I’m blacking out, and it’s not just when I drink. Whole – whole days go by that I can’t remember, and sometimes I wonder what’s the point? He’s not there, so why bother? Then I see you… and I know I have to keep going, but I can’t go on
Dean thought that was weird, Chuck’s stories always seemed to take precedence over everything, including school work.
I don't like re hashing chapters from the opposite POV of the person in the same situation, but i thought this gave some valuable insight into Castiel's feelings towards Dean so... i did it. It will probably be the only Castiel POV chapter, because this really is a Dean-centric story.
“Don’t you worry about that, cher. I know you aint got no body to talk to about this stuff, so if you ever wana talk, even not at work, I’m all ears.” Again Dean hoped like hell Benny wasn’t just some creep out to get him. He didn’t think so though, because he could smell the sincerity wafting off him. Dean had brought a cheap phone as soon as he’d got the job, so he gave Benny the ok to text him. It would be good to have someone he knew to be there for him, even just a little bit.
Up in his room, he googled what twelve weeks meant. He was glad to read his morning sickness would stop, but it was a downer to see he’d need to pee even more then he was. It felt like every twenty minutes he needed to use the bathroom, which made school a
Dean threw himself back in his chair and tried not to wince when another notification pinged, letting him know, by simple statistics, that there was another cock on his phone.
He could go knowing he had done the right thing, and that had to be enough. Hopefully, Cas would understand, even if it was before his time.
Dean shuddered, yeah; he had seen what they could do to. For some reason, the teachers seemed to turn a blind eye to their various acts of intimidation and violence. Their leader, and captain, Gordon, was the worst. He was honestly the most violent, angry, homophobic asshole Dean had ever come across.
Cas didn’t even seem to be breathing, so he sounded fucking strangled when he eventually inhaled enough to talk. Dean couldn’t help his small sigh.
Cas lowered Dean down onto the blankets, careful to arrange him exactly how the omega wanted. The alpha sat behind him, rubbing his back in small, deliberate circles.
“Wow, I’m hurt, Dean. Do I not deserve your best clothes?” Dean just gave him a look before shutting the door on his face. He ripped open his bag, while simultaneously taking off his hoody. He was already wearing the green Henley he liked, but slung on a dark jacket over the top. Sliding out of his sweat pants, he pulled on a pair of his best, skin tight black jeans.
“I really don’t see what the whole point of this is, Castiel.” Dean really didn’t want to get his hopes up, but it was kind of hard when Castiel was looking at him the way he was.
Snaking his hand between their sweaty, shaking bodies, Dean found his cock and began a quick rhythm in time with Cas’ movements. Dean felt the warmth rush through him quickly, so he reached up and grabbed Cas’ neck to tug him down for a kiss. The dark-haired boy relaxed into it, but they were quickly reduced to breathing each other’s air, right on the edge of euphoria.
“Indulge me.” Dean closed his eyes and had a split second of indecision before he thought why not. Cas had not been scared off or grossed out yet so what the hell.
“I don’t know much about all that stuff, but I think your right. You smell pretty damn intoxicating to me, better than any alpha has before. Thank – thank you for allowing me to wait, but I don’t see the point. We already have a family, and I’m sure my family will agree to it.” Dean blushed at the thought of having actual
“What’d that dick do this time?” Dean was in no mood for Gordons smear campaign. He’d spread so many rumours about them in the last few months, Dean had lost count. The first few weeks were hard, but with his friend’s encouragement and support, they had battled their way through and come out the other side stronger than ever. Cas just sighed and gripped Deans hand tighter.
He decided something else must have woken him up, because nothing was happening to him, really. At least he didn’t feel sick or anything. That had been weird earlier in the day. Just as he moved to get back to some well-earned sleep, he felt it.
Tripping over logs and sliding down hidden banks, he was scratched up and panting by the time he stopped to take a breath. Cocking his head up, he could hear the distant roars and screams of alphas fighting, and panic threatened to take what little breath he had.
was actually glad it was out in the open. He didn’t have to hide; he could get proper vitamins and doctor’s appointments. He was
relationship.” Dean wriggled his eyebrows up and down, earning a full bellied laugh from Cas in reward.
When Cas eventually did stop coming, they didn’t even bother cleaning the mess up. It was just going to get worse, and Cas rumbled happily as he spread the sticky, drying mess into Deans chest.
true, on so many levels. “But as the years passed, I came to grow jealous of the woman entering your bed. It took me a very long time to unravel what I felt, because as you know, angels don’t feel like humans do.” Dean nodded, because angels were heartless bastards, except Cas. “When I finally realised what I felt for you, we were all distracted by defeating Metatron. I think-” Cas’ hand tightened in his, and he swallowed, causing Dean to frown. “I think when Metatron told me you had died, that was the worst moment of my existence.” Dean shuddered, because he remembered that moment, even if he didn’t want to. All he could think about was leaving Sam and Cas behind, what it would do to them, and what he hadn’t had the courage to tell Cas at that point.
