"You'll always be petty, Doom," Steve told him, in the firm, disapproving-and-slightly-disgusted tone Steve was so good at.
He wouldn't have blackmailed Wanda into having sex with him in exchange for letting her go, would he?
Steve froze. Putting an arm around Tony had felt so natural; he hadn't stopped to think about what he was doing, what he was revealing.
When he left the room, Clint found Hank and Sam waiting in the hallway, right outside the door. Hank was sitting on the floor against the wall, hands over his face.
Sin was lying motionless in the center of a ring of blackened and melted asphalt.  She looked dead.  Jan hoped the bitch was.  It was wrong, but—  She forced herself to look away, to ignore the sound of Doom ranting as SHIELD agents cuffed him and dragged him toward one of the waiting helicopters.
"I don't think she even knows she has powers anymore," Clint protested. It sounded like the lame excuse it was, since Omega-level mutants who didn't know how to use their powers were probably more even dangerous than Omega level mutants who did.
"I don't think I'll ever be clean again," Tony groaned, burying his face in his hands once more. "What's wrong with me anyway, Steve? Why do only creepy people want me? Morgan," he repeated, disgust heavy in his voice. "Norman Osborn will be trying to pick me up next."
"They fixed my heart. Of course I funded their renovation." He was starting to worry, though, that maybe they hadn't fixed it completely, or that his transformation had somehow undone part of the surgical repairs. Or it might be nothing so exotic as that - he had inflicted a hell of a lot of abuse on his body over the past year. "If I can get Brooks Brothers and Armani tailored to fit me, you ought to be able to get someone to make you gloves," he added. "Do they have to be silk?"
The staff at Bellevue had been kind enough to lend him clean surgical scrubs, to replace the torn and bloodstained clothes he’d still been wearing when he turned back into himself.  The sleeves were too short, but it was significantly better than being covered in his own blood, as well as whatever grime he’d picked up from the warehouse floor.
"Great. If there are no major problems, then, now we can trade off." Jan locked her fingers together and stretched her arms above her head. The motion threw the curves of her body into momentary sharp relief, and Hank watched appreciatively. If he were in Clint's position at that moment, Jan's breasts would have been higher than his head, more than twice the size they usually were. The thought made him pettily glad that Clint hadn't chosen that moment to look up.
Tony  was a reassuringly solid and healthy presence at his side, and for a  few moments, Steve was able to forget that just a week ago, in the  Savage Land, he had watched Tony burn his armor to slag because he  couldn't wear it anymore and hadn't wanted to leave it behind.  That was  when Steve had really begun to believe that Tony was dying.  It had  come much closer than Steve liked, but everything was fine now.  Better  than fine.
Thor, the only one of them already armed and in costume, caressed Mjolnir's handle absently. "Who doth she plan to use as a vessel for Chthon?"
"I'm fine," he said, and it wasn't entirely a lie. He could breathe easily again; the tightness and twinges in his chest had faded almost to nothing now, leaving just the faintly jittery aftermath of an adrenaline overload and a hot prickle of embarrassment.
"I didn't even know she could grow." Peter shrugged. "I always thought she just shrunk down and had wings."
The surge of adrenaline-fueled worry snapped Steve out of his daze, and he forced his attention back to Doom himself, now striding calmly toward them.  Tony's armor was more than capable of standing up to Doom's weapons; he would shake this off, just as he had the other hits he'd taken.
"Even if I was, even if SHIELD-" Tony broke off, shook his head sharply, and went on, "I couldn't leave any of my technology in
"You don't want to do that," Clint said quickly. "When people in our profession get tied up, it's usually by someone who wants to kills us."
"All right, no counseling, then." Don coughed, an oddly hesitant little sound that Steve couldn't imagine coming from Thor. "You need to wait several days before..." he glanced at Steve, then away, "engaging in any sexual, um, activities."
It looked barren, he decided. Bare wooden floor, bare brick walls with nothing on them but the couple of old war bond posters he'd stuck up yesterday. It was nothing like the Avengers Mansion.
Cap reached back and brushed the fingers of his free hand along the edge of his shield. "I'm right here," he repeated.
"I hope that wasn't important," Clint muttered, grabbing the cat around the middle and draping him over his shoulder. "Come on before you break something expensive."
Tony's lips curved in a familiar little half-smirk. "When you were a teenager, you wanted to grow up to paint WPA murals, didn't you?"
Sin aimed her gun in the general direction of Agent Carter's voice and fired, hoping one of her bullets got the bitch in the gut, then crawled backwards for the door, When her left foot hit the lowest step, she turned and launches herself up the stairs, shoving past the men in her way.
into having sex that hadn't been his idea. He'd been used as a weapon against Wanda the same way she'd been used against the team.
His shielding held for one endless fraction of a moment while all the armor's alerts flared red, then shorted out under the onslaught, and everything went red and white.
Which was not an experience Steve was going to forget any time soon. The memory of Tony's nearly naked body made it much more difficult not to forgive him, but after everything that had happened... Tony could have the physique of a Greek god, and it still would have had no impact on Steve's ability to trust him, which he couldn't do anymore. Not now that he knew the lengths to which Tony was prepared to go to accomplish a goal. At least not until Tony explained why, exactly, he felt those lengths were necessary.
"I will not be humiliated like this!" Zemo shrieked. A garden hose was tangled around his ankles, a Gordian knot of green rubber, and part of his purple mask had been singed black by Jan's stingers. He fired his rifle in Jan's general direction, the muzzle blast ear-splitting, but he had come loaded with massive bullets designed to take down Thor or She-Hulk, and Jan's tiny form was too small a target for him to hit.
"A lot of people still have reservations about the Initiative," Steve said mildly, stepping into Rhodey and Tony's line of sight. "That fact that it was originally compulsory didn't endear it to anyone."
Tony had run out of reassuring things to say to Steve five minutes ago, and was now left silent and useless, with nothing to do but check the Lemurian situation repeatedly and hack into SHIELD's files on Sin.
They had left the cathedral behind and were nearing the West Side Highway and the river now, brownstones, storefronts, and office buildings slowly being replaced by warehouses. Time to turn around for one last sweep over the area. It never hurt to be thorough.
As Don walked toward the elevator, Wanda climbed down off the table and straightened her skirt. It was the same one she'd worn at Strange's place, the drab-looking navy one. She looked awful in it, all pale and washed out.
"It could have been." Tony's voice was low, but the words were surprisingly forceful. "I might not always be safe to be around."
"No!" Tony blurted out, speaking over him. "Don't!" He knew even as the panic flooded him that it was completely irrational, but the idea of Steve seeing him this way was so utterly humiliating that he couldn't help it. "We're going to figure this out. We just need a little more time." Steve had been very clear that their friendship was over, the last time they'd met. He'd given back the shield Tony had made him, and walked away, shoulders stiff and angry. And he'd ignored every call Tony had made or email he'd sent since, which might have been Steve's dislike of email and voicemail, but was probably proof that Steve had meant exactly what he had said - that Tony had lost his trust and respect, and he was done with him.
"I know," Tony said.  "It makes Thor really angry."  Several of the many lawsuits that had been filed against the Avengers over the years had come from neo-Nazi groups trying to sue them because Thor had discovered they were using his name and images of Mjolnir on their websites and gone off to put the literal fear of god into them. "You think she might know some way to get him access to the spear, or thinks she does?"
There was a faint hint of apology in Tony's voice as he said, "If it was just my reputation and SE's stock points, I'd say to hell with it and just kiss you somewhere extremely public and get it over with. The tabloids have been speculating about me for years anyway."
Tony's punch glanced off Steve's shoulder as Steve twisted his upper body back out of the way, and then Steve grabbed him by the arm and swept his foot around to knock Tony's legs out from under him.
"It's not the same," Tony's voice was still low, tired. "You don't have repulsor beams in your gloves." He half-raised one hand, palm facing out, and Steve could see the small bruise on the inside of his elbow, where the IV needle had been. "You have no idea how easy it would be to... I blew a man's head off with them."
"Oh," Steve said, softly, hands twitching uselessly at his sides. He'd been almost certain something like that had been going through Tony's mind, but hearing Tony actually say it made Steve ache all over again, for how badly he had been hurting yesterday. He laid a hand on Tony's shoulder, just the way he had before they'd gone to bed, and brushed his thumb gently over the bare skin of Tony's neck. "I'm right here. None of that was real."
Hank closed his eyes, rubbing at his face with his free hand, the one unencumbered by either pulse monitor or IV line.  “I don’t care,” he said, the words muffled.  “Go away.  My head hurts.”
The candles on the altar flickered and went out, and a faint susurrus of noise began somewhere behind her, growing louder and louder until it echoed off the stone ceiling.  The hair on her arms stood up, the power that was about to be hers crackling over her skin.
"You were practically convulsing, and there wasn't anything I could do." Steve spoke more forcefully than he'd intended to, the words loud against the background noise of the shower. He'd been helpless far too often, watched his friends suffer far too often. How could Tony have thought he was disgusted? "I don't care what it looks like," he lied. "I don't like knowing that you're that vulnerable, that all it would take for some villain to take you out is to block your access to a power source for a day." How could he make Tony understand this? Tony had always treated all of his health problems as if they were nothing, treated the need to charge his mechanical heart up the same way. "I can't lose you, too. Not you."
they'd submitted the lowest bid, without sacrificing quality or functionality to do so. Tony had worked fourteen-hour days with the engineers on the project for two weeks straight, to ensure that their prototype was ready under budget and before the deadline, despite the fact that they had begun work on the project months - and in one case, over a year - after their competitors had.
Mentioning that he'd been down in the lab in the first place so that he could avoid Jan and Wanda's attempts to make him come along on the shopping expedition they'd left for this morning would get him nowhere, Tony knew. "I'm not wearing a skirt," he said. "Or heels. I'm not actually a woman."
It was silly, but just like that, Peter felt better prepared to tackle whatever work needed to be done on Hank's antidote. No matter how crazy his life had been lately, at least he still had his family, and as long as he had them, nothing could be that bad.
Well, that hadn't been unpleasant for him. He could only hope it hadn't been unpleasant for her. Did it make it better that she apparently couldn't remember it clearly, or worse? Worse, probably – God, he might as well have been sleeping with a puppet, for all the input she'd had.
Tony was still staring at him, something hot and desperate in his eyes. Then he wrapped a hand around the back of Steve's neck and pulled him forward into a kiss.
Both of them had been watching Tony, too, just waiting for him to start drinking again. It was probably not a coincidence that Carol had refused to leave him alone after Steve's funeral, or that Sal had made a habit of checking on him every hour or so when he'd locked himself in one of the Helicarrier's tech labs.
The next box was clothing, which Steve closed back up to go through later, followed by a box of items that had once decorated his DUMBO apartment. A vintage ad poster for war bonds; an old radio that Tony had promised to fix up for him and never gotten around to; a framed photo of Steve and Sam in costume, back when Sam had still worn red and green; one of Tony's old helmets, autographed to 'the only person whose head is harder than mine.'
"The Nazis liked High German or Old Norse," Barnes said reminiscently.  "Sometimes Latin when they were going on about the holy grail.  Cap and the Invaders and I used to stop them all the time.  So did the Howling Commandoes.  There was this one time when the Invaders had gone off on some secret mission, and Toro and I were left behind with Fury and the Howlers because Steve thought it was too dangerous to take me, and we ended up stopping some SS ritual that was supposed to summon demons or put a curse on the Allies or make Himmler immortal, or maybe all three."
Why would she expect anything else? She had never lived anywhere else. She had learned English from her Aunt, out of textbooks, and through practicing on tourists, so why did it seem strange that she and the Baker had been speaking in Rumanian?
He made it to the restaurant with two minutes to spare, mostly by doing things to his Aston Martin that Happy wasn't going to be pleased with - such as leaving it parked on the street. It wasn't as if anyone could successfully steal it, not with the number of tracking chips planted it in, or the electrified door locks that would shock anyone who tried to force them.
He had the satisfaction of seeing Tony wince. It was less satisfying than he had hoped it would be; he was not certain whether it was due to guilt, or physical pain.
"The voices in her head," Sharon muttered. Then, slightly louder and with significantly less sarcasm, "When she fought us, she kept saying, 'You killed me, you killed Brock, I'll make you pay,' over and over. She may not have any endgame beyond causing as much damage to SHIELD as possible, and with James up here recovering from her poison, any SHIELD employee might do as a temporary substitute."
She had been wondering that herself. If Chthon had been able to flatten Strange so easily, how had she managed to get free of him? "I did use it," she agreed, "and it didn't hurt me at all. And Strange has twice the experience I do with magic."
Steve was still frowning, and Tony wasn't sure if the stiff set of his shoulders was due to Wanda's situation, or the reminder of what Marcus had done to Carol, when he'd used mind-control to seduce her into leaving the team and traveling to another dimension with him. And to make her think she'd fallen in love with him.
Steve didn't dignify that with an answer; he simply stared at Tony, looking unimpressed by his logic.
"The Helicarrier has it," Tony announced. "I just checked their medical stores." It was one of the less secure sections of Fury's data files, with only two layers of password protection. SHIELD didn't generally have to worry about people stealing their drugs to sell on the street – there were far more valuable things to be stolen on the Helicarrier, if you knew the right person to sell them to.
"Apparently not," Tony said. He kept rubbing at his face, fingertips pressing into his temples. "And it's not eight-thirty in Japan."
Wanda frowned, looking up from her interlaced fingers to study Thor intently. "And Loki just assumed that once female, you would be willing to produce a child with him?"
Steve flexed his fingers, tightening his grip on Tony's shoulder. It felt too small under his hand, delicate.
Steve pushing himself to his feet, ignoring the stab of pain in his side — it didn't feel sharp enough to be cracked ribs, probably only a bruise — and walked slowly to where Tony lay crumpled on the floor.
Steve could feel himself smiling. He dug his toes into Tony's thigh and settled back against the couch arm. "I'll hold you to that."
"I'm a published novelist, and I've spent the past month leading a superhero team in LA. Trust me, if there's one thing I've got experience with, it's talking to the press."
Jan frowned. Clint's vote wasn't the deciding factor at this point, not with five votes for and two against, but she had expected him to have strong feelings one way or the other. He had known Wanda longer than any of them except Steve, and he had been the one to find her in Transia. He was the one she had killed, then raised from the dead.
"Already on it," she said. She fired one last blast directly into the faceplate of an A.I.M. hirelings' yellow radiation-proof suit, then swooped up toward the billboard, flying toward the black plastic box just visible on its lower edge. According to Tony, the box was some kind of hacking device, programmed to hijack the screen and substitute A.I.M.'s images for its regularly scheduled advertisements. Hopefully, it would also serve to convince the city and whichever company owned this particular Times Square billboard not to sue Steve to within an inch of his life for destroying it.
"The government is continuing the training program for younger, less experienced superhumans, as I'm sure you know, and Colorado and Wyoming's Initiative teams have been very successful working with the National Guard to stop those wild fires they've been having trouble with."
"That fragile mortal shell you insist on donning is just too tempting." Her smile was no doubt meant to be flirtatious, and so it might have been had it not revealed the merest hint of pointed canines.
Tony was watching SHIELD communications for Steve, he knew, keeping an eye on Sharon and Bucky for him. It made him feel better, to know that he — that they — would know immediately if either of them was in trouble, but if Tony was getting headaches again...
been Wanda who had turned on them all and killed him was such a relief that beside that, who cared about some sex that hadn't exactly been unpleasant anyway?
"I'm just glad the restaurant is still there." Don's voice, vaguely Midwestern and always deeper than Clint remembered it as — probably because everything sounded high-pitched compared to Thor's rumbling bass. "I think it's been four years since the last time I ate there." He and Jarvis turned the corner, and only a quick side-step on Clint's part kept them from running straight into him.
It had been years since he had worn his old Giant-Man costume. Hank would have been surprised that it still fit, but it was made of unstable molecules and could both stretch and shrink, so it would always fit, no matter what.
"Maybe, but this..." Tony waved a hand vaguely, clearly at a loss as to how to describe it. "This complicates things."
It felt strange for a moment whenever he reabsorbed it, the liquid metal always several degrees cooler than his internal body temperature. It had felt safer, once, to know that he would always have a part of the armor with him, always be able to summon it when he needed it.
It was impossible to tell how many hours passed before a pair of Doombots teleported into the middle of the warehouse floor in a flash of light.  For a moment, Jan's vision was blurred by a smeared purple afterimage.  Then it cleared, and she was able to recognize the man held slumped between them.
It had only been a week since the last time the two of them had shared a bed, but it felt like much longer; Steve closed his eyes, and thought about rolling over so that he was closer to Tony, close enough to wrap an arm around him and lay his head on Tony's chest. Lying like that, he could hear Tony's heartbeat, and Tony would lay a warm hand on the middle of his back, between his shoulder-blades, and run his fingers through Steve’s hair. It was the one thing Steve had found that always kept away nightmares, and even though he hadn't had any lately, he just... slept better that way.
"Yeah, but since he's still alive, I'm guessing he was in the armor. That time he wasn't, and Rhodey was. And then he went on some kind of rampage, and Tony had to put on some suit of armor he'd made out of scrap metal in our lab and chase him down. But he's been great for years, and Hank's mostly sane now, so maybe-"
Either way, it didn't put him in the mood to deal with people's inevitable confusion over his gender right now.
He'd been dreading the alternative. Being the only general practitioner in a small town had its disadvantages, one of which was explaining to a patient whom he'd just diagnosed with cancer that he didn't think the 'out of towners who'd built that big castle' were the kind of gods who performed miraculous healings. There were times when he would have been willing to trade all of Thor's strength and power in return for the ability to cure leprosy or blindness or paralysis with a touch.
"He'd want to know if I planned on taking pity on you." The words were out of Steve's mouth before he actually thought about what he was saying. He was too tired to guard his tongue anymore.
Tony was making little moaning sounds, barely audible over the sound of the shower. He grabbed at Steve's hips, trying to hold him in place.
"I don't do casual sex with women - with people." Steve ran one hand up Tony's back, hooking his fingers under the elastic of the sports bra and pulling it upward. Tony raised his arms, letting Steve pulled the bra up and over his head, revealing two small, round breasts. They were pale, with hard, dark nipples, the skin between them a spider web of scar tissue - the same familiar ragged mess of scars Steve had seen before when sparring with Tony, and that one, memorable time when a supervillain had made his armor disintegrate. Proof, if he needed any more, that this was really Tony, was the same person who'd been his friend for years. The same person he'd wanted for years. "It didn't work with Rachel," he went on, knowing he was babbling, a she traced the line of one scar with a fingertip, following it outward from Tony's heart over the curve of his breast to where it ended, just above the nipple. It was slightly different in texture from the soft skin surrounding it, and paler, the end of the scar partially bisecting the dark aureole. "I'm not good at it. Sex means something, Tony. We can't just-"
Tony's eyes remained fixed on Steve, not even glancing at Carol despite the fact that she had just sat down next to him. It was starting to get more than a little disconcerting; Tony wouldn't talk to him, but neither would he take his eyes off him. Weeks ago, after they'd gotten back from Washington, Tony had admitted that when he woke up alone, he had trouble believing that anything that had happened over the past months -- their relationship, Steve coming back -- was real.
Life would be much easier if other people weren't so inconveniently binary when it came to sex. Change into a different gender and suddenly no one knew what to do with you anymore.
"I know." Tony hadn't said much about the inner workings of the Initiative, other than what he'd admitted to on the witness stand, but the few things he had let slip had told Steve that there were things that hadn't come out even in the congressional hearings.
When Rhodey had announced that Hank had an antidote, Steve had naively expected it to be instantaneous, or at least, hadn't expected it to take this long. Shortly after Rhodey's announcement, a nurse had come in and given Tony a shot. That had been twelve hours, and eleven more injections of the antidote ago, and aside from the fact that Tony was now asleep, nothing had happened.
He shook his head, trying to force the high-pitched ringing noise out of his ears, and reached out for the bent remains of the lamppost he had hit, his gauntlet clinking dully against the metal. The armor's damage reports scrolled through his head as he pulled himself upright; it was barely dented.
Jameson would still be blissfully unaware of Spiderman's identity if it weren't for Tony Stark. That didn't mean Peter wanted him to die, though. The receptionist had said that whatever he'd been exposed to wasn't lethal, but he wasn't a doctor -- he was just some guy in a rolley chair with stupid, gelled-and-spiked hair, who was in charge of making people fill out insurance paperwork.
"About time, big guy!" Carol called.  She was struggling to keep Loki in an arm lock, and sporting several long, shallow slices on her arms and thighs.  Loki's dagger must be enchanted somehow.
"I was so angry at her," he said, trying to explain, but not sure he could, since he didn’t really understand it himself. "For what she did to us, for what she did to me. I wanted her to explain. She must have gone crazy; she couldn't have done all of that if she wasn't crazy. I thought maybe I could... I don't know. Somebody needed to help her."
She'd fallen asleep in his arms, after reminding him to be quiet because 'Aunt Agatha' was sleeping in the next room.
"She didn't say anything to me that wasn't technically true, except for the part about not telling me that she'd been hired by Stane to spy on me." With most of his attention focused on where his feet were, not what he was saying, the words came more easily. Dancing was like sparring, in a way, or driving a car with sensitive steering and tight suspension. He leaned a little closer to Rhodey and concentrated on synchronizing their movements, on the sound of the music, on anything but the memory of Indres' parting words.
Tony shook his head, and Steve found himself staring at the dark lines of his eyelashes, at the curves and angles of his too-delicate face. His body was completely hidden under the masculine business attire he hadn't stopped wearing, but the way he had his arms wrapped around himself made his smaller size even more obvious. Funny. Steve had intimate knowledge of the body under those dress shirts and expensive suits now, but the slender waist and soft curves he could see when he closed his eyes weren't really Tony.
"I heard nothing," Thor interrupted.  "I would not act so dishonorably as to conceal such information from you, no matter how many other concerns you had."  His eyes went to Tony's limp body, and Steve felt a sick tightness in his throat.
There was nothing passive about the heat building in his body though, or in the way Tony stepped forward a moment later, closing the distance between them and molding himself against Steve, pressing up into the kiss.
And if Tony's emotional state a few months ago had been anything like what Steve had seen just now, he
"I was so angry at her," Carol said, after a long silence during which Jan dug all the pecans out of the top layer of ice cream. "I thought she'd put Clint under mind control. Tony and Jen, too. Lot of us have had bad things happen to us. The rest of us didn't try to destroy us all over it. And then... M Day scared me. Taking away people's powers, turning mutants back into normal people. There are people who'd like to do that to me. To take away what I felt for Jessica, what I still feel, and make me a good little woman who does what she's supposed to. Because they think the world would be better that way."
Sam nodded. "If there are any medical emergencies, Ms. Marvel, War Machine, and I can fly them down."
Steve made himself look away, back at the magazine, pretending that Tony hadn't just uncomfortably referenced the breakdown he'd nearly had while Steve had been gone.
So stupid. Of course Tony could get pregnant. He might be male, but his body was very definitely female. Steve knew that better than anyone.
"Suggestions for ways to make Tuesday turn out to be something less than a total disaster would be appreciated," he muttered. Today's meeting with the rest of the team had gone better than he'd expected - the rest of the Avengers had taken the news that they were stuck with a female Iron Man for the foreseeable future in stride, and Jen and Vision had offered to take his and Wanda's places in California, Vision in a transparent attempt to not have to be where Wanda was, and Jen because she'd apparently been nursing either a deep-seated desire to go be on the same team as Clint so she could throw him into walls again, or a deep-seated desire to force Tony and Steve to have to work together once more, something she'd already informed him would be good for the Avengers as a whole - but he doubted he'd be so lucky with the board.
"Have you seen this?" The living-room door slammed open, and Jan strode into the room, the clack of her heels loud and angry on the wooden floor. She flourished a copy of TIME magazine at them, holding it so that the cover was clearly visible; inside the traditional red border was a press photo of the Avengers, taken just after Thor had rejoined the team. "Did you know about it? Damn it, Tony, you're supposed to give the entire team a say in any press releases we put out."
The statue stopped wobbling abruptly, and Steve's vision cleared enough for him to see Wanda standing with one hand outstretched, a look of concentration on her face. A few feet away from him, Carol was shoving her hair back out of her face, looking deeply embarrassed.
Tony set the circuit board to one side, lining it up so that its edges were exactly parallel with the edge of the work table. "I just wish we had more control over how and when this came out." He set the tools he'd been using down next to it, in a neat, perfect line. "I hate lying to the media. I did far too much of it, last winter. And I hate trying to have a relationship while reporters scrutinize every imaginable aspect of; it got bad enough with Rumiko, sometimes, and that was nowhere near as deliciously scandalous." He met Steve's gaze, then, jaw tight, and his voice was strained as he added, "But nowhere near as much as I hated losing you. I..." he hesitated, then, "I hung up on Sally because I couldn't handle the thought of talking to her. Not then, and not now."
do calculus in their heads didn't usually find it easy and fun. Hank's explanation through gritted teeth that he'd been working with extra-dimensional mass transfer on a daily basis for years and was never, ever wrong about it, and by the way, organic chemistry was not a "soft science" hadn't helped matters.
Clint silently prayed that Nurse McCall wouldn't try to refuse them access, because he had a sinking feeling that if she did, the next words out of Cap's mouth would be, "I'm sleeping with him," followed by some speech about equal rights. Cap tended to speechify when he was angry.
"And then I told Clint that he was just jealous because he was still single, and he said that if he wanted to, he could get a woman more easily than I could."
"Yes, and we all regretted it while it lasted." Hank's voice was dry enough that the line almost sounded witty instead of just catty.
But solving Tony's problem was more important than her personal feelings; it was time to be an adult about things. She could handle having Hank around for a few days; it wasn't as if they would actually have to spend any time together. He was just here to help Tony. So she shook her head, and said, "No. Tony might need you. You're right; you're the one who's run all the tests on this. And you're a good scientist, everything else aside. You always have been."
"Some of the emissions were a form of radiation nearly nonexistent in this dimension but common in the Negative Zone; the device was used to transport Sin into the Negative Zone and back out again at a different location." He held one hand up and mimed bouncing the other off of it. "Like skipping rock across a pond; the Negative Zone's ambient energy could be channeled to help propel her back into this dimension. It's not actually teleportation, but dimensional travel, using a copy of Reed Richard's Negative Zone portal technology modified and adapted to run on Antarctic vibranium rather than anti-matter. It's ingenious, really. I'm kind of ashamed Reed and I never thought of it. And I'm surprised Hank didn't. He has a feel for dimensional mass transfer." It had been a continual source of puzzlement to Reed that Hank had been able to calculate mass transfer into and out of the Negative Zone simply by eyeballing it, without actually using any higher math equations.
“They’re fine.”  It was only a slight lie – Clint, Wanda, and Hank might not be exactly fine at the moment, but they would all recover.
There was a momentary pause, while Hank and Wanda both looked at Tony with raised eyebrows. "You know," Hank said, "you're a lot meaner as a woman."
It was too bad, Deodato told him, that Maya couldn't just reboot Tony with a clean install of the Extremis, but all the available data indicated that that would kill him. "At this point, your body relies on it to keep your heart beating and your lungs working, and you wouldn't survive turning it off, even for long enough to, um, reboot you."
"What did he mean, 'the other two are unimportant?'" Clint asked, folding his arms across his chest.  The gun he still held in his right hand made the motion awkward.
She had thought she was getting over it, moving on, but Tony's brief pregnancy had brought all of the memories, all of the grief back.
Fortunately Jarvis had left the refrigerator stocked with an amount of food befitting a warrior, even if Thor must forgo the pleasures of conversing with him while he prepared it.
"You have a camera around your neck," she said dryly, leaving unspoken the assumption that he was therefore a nosey reporter trying to get pictures of Tony Stark in a hospital bed for the front page of the
The hallway was dark, with just enough light filtering in from outside for Carol to see the long crack spidering across the ceiling plaster just outside the front hallway.
"Offer them a bonus if they're done by the end of the day," Tony said. "Tell them Mr. Stark is paying for it."
Steve didn't dignify that with an answer. "So... you're okay with being my best man, right?" he asked, as the two of them picked up their towels and left the gym.
The NYPD was not always appreciative of superheroes - they seemed to have an odd affection for Daredevil, but for the most part, they saw superheroes as interlopers who repeatedly attempted to do their jobs for them. When said job involved the Wrecking Crew, however, they couldn't call the Avengers quickly enough.
Thank God Redwing still insisted on sleeping outside, away from what he thought of as 'the owl-book.'  He was a larger target than Jan was.
When Tony handed it to him a few minutes later, he couldn't help running one hand over its polished metal surface, checking for the scratches he knew perfectly well wouldn't be there. Nothing could scratch or dent vibranium, except maybe for Thor's hammer, but old habits died hard. You looked after your equipment.
"I mean pregnant. Bearing your spawn pregnant." Tony looked away, his shoulders visibly shaking. "I can't do this, Steve. I can't. Not having a dick is bad enough. My body's not supposed to
He felt naked when his armor wasn't working properly. He wouldn't have waited this long to get to work on it if he'd had a choice.
"You missed Tony in a dress earlier," she said, just as he asked, "How are the magic lessons going?"
"Drop it!" Wanda shouted.   "You saw what it did to Strange."   She was holding a chunk of shrapnel like a knife, her face covered in a smear of soot.
"Was it some kind of society function thing?" A.I.M. went through brief periods of pseudo-Marxist anti-capitalism in between their longer spells of pure anarchy. Peter had never been able to work out exactly when and why their ideologies shifted back and forth; he thought it might have something to do with the phase of the moon.
"That wasn't your fault." She had brought him back from the dead, and she wasn't crazy anymore, and seeing Wanda be Wanda again and knowing that it
Presumably, he flew back to the Avengers Mansion under his own power, because when he landed, he didn't have to disengage the armor's autopilot function. He wasn't entirely sure how; he found himself sitting in his lab seventeen minutes after leaving Stark Tower with no real memory of how he'd gotten there, still wearing his armor and with a dull, sickening throbbing in his temples.
Something about it felt familiar, however, and not simply because it was mimicking Agatha's voice. As if she had known it her whole life, as if—
He could do this. He was Tony Stark, and he had an entire company depending on him and a reputation to uphold.
"Off for God's sake." Bobbi rolled her eyes. "Just take the damn helmet off. We all know what happened; it's not like you're hiding anything."
Tony's expression didn't flicker, which somehow made Steve only want to yell at him louder, in the hopes that maybe shouting would sink in where plain old annoyance had not. He stepped into the room, closing the door behind him, and turned to face Steve. "I've been building an electromagnetic jammer to block Doom's teleportation device," he said quietly. "Someone using it can still teleport into a space where the jammer signal is being broadcast, but they can't leave."
Sharon met his gaze, her eyes solemn; Steve suspected that she, too, was remembering listening to Bucky wheeze while the snake venom shut down his lungs. "So will we," she said, and it had the sound of a promise.
Rhodey, leaning back in Tony's desk chair with the newly re-modeled helmet to the War Machine armor cradled in both hands, was smirking openly at him. "Are you going to be wearing a wedding dress?"
Clint froze, the visible portions of his face a study in shock. "Shit," he blurted out. "Don't tell me Tony's dead."
Another step, and she was at the altar rail. She grabbed for it, desperate to stop herself, and felt a jolt of surprise and stomach-twisting relief when her fingers closed around the polished metal. She tightened her grip until it hurt, her knuckles turning white.
Don's eyebrows drew together, and for a moment, the stern look in his pale blue eyes was reminiscent of Thor at his most stiff and honorable. "People's medical information is personal, Clint. Go ask Tony if you're so desperate to know."
Tony had demonstrated that he was willing to go to extreme, even criminal lengths to reclaim his stolen technology, but murder? "We don't kill people, Tony. Not when lives aren't at stake."
"Tony!" Steve dropped to one knee in front of him, reaching for his shoulders, and then Tony went completely limp inside the armor, crumpling to the floor to lie half-curled on his side, legs twisted under him.
Hank rubbed one hand over his face, sighing. "If you'd told me it was for Tony, I wouldn't have told you, either," he said, the words muffled by his fingers. "If he wanted you to know what medication he was taking and why and what it was for he would tell you himself." His fingers froze, and he looked back up at Clint, frown deeper now. "And on that note, how much talking do the rest of you guys do about me behind my back?"
The crowbar had left dents in his armor that were going to take most of this evening to hammer back out; the armor was much more difficult to repair than the average costume. Tony found himself actually looking forward to it. It would be a soothing way to let out his frustration after Wanda and Strange inevitably failed once again to change him back. There was something deeply satisfying about old-fashioned hands-on metal working, especially when it involved hitting things repeatedly.
Jagged shards of glass still lined the windowsill of the window the woman had jumped from. Beyond it was chaos, people running, crying, hitting each other, throwing things. He couldn't see Jan, but War Machine and Iron Man both stood out clearly, each surrounded by people who were either attacking them or clinging to them.
Barton, ever the asshole, did what he could to get #LadyLiberty trending, but he also tagged under #beautygraceMissUnitedStates, which clearly went over the heads of anyone not well-versed in Sandra Bullock movies. He thought it was hysterical. He was the only one. Bruce totally didn't chuckle at it, and Natasha didn't smile at it, and Wilson
"Just someone get him on the 'jet!" he yelled and took off after the half-track. When he got close enough, he hovered and tried to take it out with the chest R/T, but one of the imbeciles in the vehicle spotted him and aimed a shot at him, and all the power cut out of the suit.
Tony bit his lips together to keep from snorting out a laugh. "Yeah," he said when the moment had passed. "That's what they're called."
"Yeah? Well, here's a tip for your boyfriend—" She looked at Steve. "Keep an eye on him. Somebody's bound to strangle him one of these days." She held the carafe up. "You want me to top you off, too?"
"So, you're just assuming he hates you and wishes you were your father without a shred of evidence?"
me! I've been turned into a woman and forced into a pregnancy that, if I try to terminate, will kill me because some vestal virgin sniffed out that I have a bondmate of some kind and she just loves to fuck with people that have bondmates, which is a concept I think is completely bullshit. I don't have a choice in this matter. Don't fucking take away my choice to be Iron Man, too."
"Eh, you're old. Your memory's failing you," Barton said with a shrug. "Besides, pretty sure when I got the grand tour of this place back when we all first moved in, this was explicitly stated go be the communal floor."
He stared at her some more, and he said, "Then Tony and I— We— Do we— Are we happy?" he finally settled on asking.
It didn't matter that he'd dropped Bruce's name. They couldn't fit him in at the doctor's for over a week. So, Tony used this delay wisely and attempted to convince Steve through demonstration that his medical needs could easily be served by both Bruce and JARVIS.
"That we release information regarding the status and whereabouts of Tony Stark. They know we're hiding something. You haven't been seen in months—"
"Mine," Tony grumbled and pulled the container closer to his person. He'd already spooned some out in a bowl, but sharing was overrated.
, I am horny as fuck and trying to work my way through a very bad dream. Now, either you make love to me to push it out of my mind, or I'm gonna do it myself!"
"—and you're mad at me about that." He tilted his head. "Or is it something more? Is it because you were forced to make a choice between seeing if I was OK and chasing after your precious Bucky, and you went with the option you felt forced into, not the one that you wanted."
"Please," he muttered and set the bag and the coffee down on the island and pulled a McMuffin out of the bag. He unwrapped it, took a large, savory bite, and said, "I fownd 'n arduckle, St'ven."
"No, just…did some thinking," he replied as the headlights hit upon a darkened cabin up ahead. "That's all. How 'bout you? You feel any better?"
— a little embarrassed to be seen with him. Yes, they were both playing parts, but this…this was not Steve's most attractive side, and he couldn't help it if he felt that way.
"Whatever. Look, if it makes you feel better, it's not like we're going to pretend I'm someone else. Just act like I look like myself. We'll make them think they're the crazy ones. Come on, that asshole Barton has it coming to him."
Tony startled a bit, not really sure how to respond. It had been just over twenty years, and it wasn't like he and Howard had been on the best of terms
He was so into the design for the Mark… Shit, what was he up to now? XVII? Anyway, he was so into going over the design specs for the suit that he didn't even hear the Cap appear in the workshop until JARVIS had the temerity to turn down his music and announce the old man's presence. He saw the Cap had a bag of burgers with him that he held up — almost like a peace offering — and Tony bid him welcome and allowed him into the sanctuary.
Tony made a 'pfft' sound, but he hadn't tensed up in the slightest, so Steve took that as a good sign that Tony was open to joking about their age difference tonight. "Please," Tony said, "you love that I talk as much as I do. It's one of your kinks. I don't know how that works, but look, whatever floats your boat, yeah? And besides, you're exaggerating. I don't talk that much. And if you think I do talk a lot, then maybe you just can't keep up, and I'm sorry about that, babe, but you knew what you were getting into when you married me, and yeah, sorry, no take-backs on that. The only way you're getting rid of me is if I crash-land in a giant fireball into—"
"Did you even think to ask us if we wanted this?" Steve asked, sounding more like a growl than actual words.
"Well, at the moment, he physically is not. I mean, I might still think of myself as a man. I don't know. It's kind of hard to really— But physically, yeah,
"Well, we're not going now," Steve said, giving him a sideways glance for only a moment before his concentration was back on the road ahead of him.
was in the workshop with you." He glanced back at Bruce before he turned back to Tony. "You're not really falling for this, Tones, are you?"
"You're right. Who cares? So Olivia belongs to some other version of us. So what?" He reached out and rubbed his hand over Tony's belly. "This is
Tony wasn't entirely sure, but he went along with it, anyway, and later that afternoon, after he'd made the arrangements for dinner at eight that evening and texted Steve with the details, telling him the reservations were made under the name 'Natasha Carbonell,' he let Natasha dress him up and paint his face like he was a doll for her to play with, and she wouldn't let him look in the mirror until she was done.
Tony glanced back and watched as Wilson fought for something he could say that wasn't… insulting? Was he really thinking of ways of insulting Tony?
"Trust me, it's a lot to take in, I know. I had a...similar...experience one time. I don't blame you for being suspicious, and I know you still don't entirely believe me. Don't get me wrong; it really sucks that you're so suspicious of me, but I'm a big boy. I can handle it. And besides, I know it's only temporary." He shot a quick look over at Steve. "It
Esmeralda continued to smile at him, and she made to step closer again, but Tony just glared at her and said, "I will get the fucking suit and
"Yeah? What kind of problem?" he asked, not really paying attention because he'd promised Barton, who'd hightailed it out of town somewhere, he'd look into making him some arrows that held a better charge.
He returned five minutes later to see Tony had fallen asleep on the couch. He smiled to himself, he moved closer to the sleeping genius and he smiled fondly at Tony’s sleeping form. Steve thought he looked harmless and pretty cute when he was asleep, wait! Cute?! Steve shook his head banishing that thought.
“I-I’m sorry to have interrupted, I’ll just leave you alone. Steve’s tone was clipped and Tony saw his hands curl into fists. Steve never got angry.
Steve smiled at him “Hey to you too, I kinda knew you’d be here” He said sitting beside Tony handing him a Styrofoam cup and a big paper bag.
Steve Rogers sat at the side of the hospital bed where an unconscious Tony Stark laid. Tony’s been in the hospital before, most of those times he was unconscious and usually woke up hours after. This was the longest he’s been out; two weeks.
“Stark, your order is ready” Thor smiled at him and placed his drink and a plate where his coffee bun was on, on the coffee table on the side of Tony’s chair. Thor also set down another cup and another plate.
Tony just smiled at him, placing his notepad on the table and picking up his drink. Thor was watching him closely. He took a whiff and it smelled great, very warm and relaxing but when he took a drink. His mind went blank. Tony’s eyes grew wide; it was delicious. Thor smiled bigger,
Steve and Tony had gotten closer ever since the events leading to the formation of the Avengers. Soon after, things started developing something between them. First they were only allies, then acquaintances then friends and confidants and then something deeper.
The dot remained stationary in front of his house until it finally passed and Tony let out a sigh of relief. He went back to his car and drove of to the opposite direction hoping to entire via the rear entrance of the school.
Homeworld sent out a fleet to get rid of the rebellion once and for all. With them was one of their most powerful personnel in their ranks; Sapphire Tony.
Planets that were inhabited were conquered and colonized. Beings from the planet were either eradicated or brought back to Homeworld for research. With each planet conquered, Homeworld produced more advanced technological equipment to further enhance their cause. Weapons, battleships and more powerful gems were produced at a steady rate to ensure their cause would be strong.
It happened when Steve jolted awake from another nightmare, they had occurred occasionally happening less since he woke up from the ice he laid dormant for 75 years. He couldn’t sleep anymore so he made his way to the shared kitchen floor in the newly formed Avengers tower.
The rebels had left, all furious eyes turned to Tony and Steve’s direction. Fusion was never before practiced by gems of different classes. It was only limited to a means of getting stronger or as a means of the most intimate thing a gem could do.
He just smiled at that” Tony we’ll do that in a bit, first join me” Steve smiled setting down the food he brought out on the coffee table near the sofa. He plopped down and patted the seat next to him for Tony to take. He did in a minute after dragging a few bags of decorations and sat down beside him. Steve offered the mug and Tony happily took it.
“Steve? Steve? Steeeeeeve! Earth to Capsickle!. Hey!” Tony jabbed him in the sides bringing him back to reality. “Tony?” Steve asked a bit tipsy. “Phew! I thought I lost you there for a minute.” Tony chuckled. A few moments later the doors opened and Tony stepped out.
It took a while for Steve’s brain to process what was happening, his mind picked up the pace when Tony was removing his jacket and caplet along with his boots. Steve felt incredibly warm at the sight. Tony looked back at him and smiled. He moved a bit close to Steve and reached for the clasps on Steve’s uniform.
Steven Grant Rogers was the schools top athlete and Tony’s best friend. He is the captain of all the school’s sports teams and sports related clubs and committees, not to mention student body president. He is the school’s golden boy.
“How long is your break?” Tony asked nervously. He could trust Thor, but he had the knack to blab secrets to everyone at times. “Can I trust you, to you know, keep this between us?” Tony asked hesitantly. He really needed someone to talk to. Bruce was great at calming him down but he wasn’t good with the emotional stuff.
Tony was speechless, he looked up at Steve, their hands softly clamped together and thought of his own feelings for Steve. “I guess it’s the same for me too. You were my hero growing up and when I got to meet you, the real you, things just escalated from their. I know I don’t have the cleanest records when it comes to relationships but-“He gently placed his other hand on Steve’s. “With you I could be something better” Tony admitted in a serious tone. Steve just smiled at that and gently tugged at their hands until Tony was there in front of him again.
Steve started to gather up a few bits of dried or fallen leaves and arranged them in a pile by the side of the cavern wall.
“Ah! I see, but I noticed you seem troubled when I saw you come up. Anything on your mind?” Wanda asked giving him a bit of a nudge.
Clint saw him and waved at him with a smile. Natasha turned surprised but soon shot him a glare and just kept walking down the hall. Clint was surprised and sprint towards Natasha; that was not a good sign.
“Movies” Steve said giving Tony a small smile. “Right!” Tony patted Steve’s chest as Steve slowly let go. “I’m going to get snacks ready, you (pointing at Steve) take a shower, you smell, maybe I will too cause I think you just passed your sweat to me. Tony walked to the entry way. “Don’t take too long, I might fall asleep waiting for you” Tony said as he was leaving.  “You always do, plus don’t just get junk food like you always do and leave coffee to just one mug not the entire pot!” Steve said jogging to the shower room.
It wasn’t often that Steve was frustrated, well not as frustrated before. With him waking up 75 years into the future to a time he didn’t know and the lives of the people he knew had gone by, who wouldn’t be frustrated.
“Don’t you have Knight Duties?” Steve said hoping his irritation didn’t slip through. “Would you believe Clint relieved me of them for the rest of the day?”
“Steve!” Tony said rising from his seat. Thor was silent as he looked at Steve, his face calm yet tense. Tony feared the worst.
“The pile is big enough, why don’t we share. “ Tony said walking over to an obviously flustered Steve.
“Steve! Wait!” Steve didn’t, he abruptly closed the door and went down the hall. Tony looked at Thor.
Steve wasn’t paying attention cause he was thinking about him and Tony and how things between them changed until one of the toys was recalling her memories from her previous owner, a song started to play. At first Steve was curious but as the song played he found himself engrossed cause it reminded him of his and Tony’s situation. The song ended and Steve found himself inches from the TV screen.
He sat there and held Tony’s hand in his. Softly speaking to him of what happened that day and most days. Others had visited and stayed for a while, giving Steve clothes and orders to go rest. Pepper had been the more frequent. She says it’s to make sure Tony didn’t fake it to avoid work but he saw the concern in her eyes. She had asked for a private room and a cot to be added in to the room for Steve. She was a great supporter for their relationship.
“I understand” Thor said solemnly. “Might I kiss you once more?” Tony thought for a minute but agreed. Thor smiled up at him. Their lips met again and this time Tony returned it.
Ruby Steve was pacing around ranting about his failure as a soldier while Sapphire Tony warmed up by the fire looking at Steve in amusement.
“Ah! That’s very sweet of you captain, oh Steve. I’m sure you’ve been racking your brains out thinking, haven’t you?” Wanda smiled up at him and Steve just blushed deeper. “You know Steve what matters is that it comes from your heart, the smallest gift can be just like a dream come true and why it’s special it’s because it comes from you. What makes a difference is the feeling and the thought, for that’s a gift that can’t be bought.” Wanda said in a way that she was almost singing.
He rounded the corner and collided with something hard. He checked if anything was hurting on his face and looked up at what he bumped into; he bumped into Thor.
He made it to Steve’s floor in less than 5 minutes but was heavily panting. He relaxed a bit as he made his way to Steve’s room. He heard the sounds of sniffling and it tore at his chest. He made such a big man cry. He didn’t realize the effect his drifting away had caused Steve.
Tony sighed again. “Thor, I’m in love with Steve-“ “Does Steve love you back!?” Thor shot back at him. Thor’s words pierced him. Tony hung his head.
Steve nodded and gave him a reassuring smile. Tony calmed down and sat back down slowly. “You don’t think it’s weird?” Tony asked confused. Steve gave him another smile. “No, I don’t, I’ve been wanting to try it though, uhm kissing you that is” Steve said as he grew a deeper shade of red.
Tony has been through a lot and was able to get by with the help of his family’s butler Jarvis and his best friend Steve. Tony also has a live for the day attitude that often results in chaos for those around him
“I don’t know honestly, I guess we’d become close that we’ve become, uhm friends and I, well it’s just, uhm” Steve couldn’t think straight. Why did he want to give Tony a gift when he could literally have anything in the world?
He first made his way by Tony’s side giving him a firm squeeze on his hand a gentle kiss on the forehead. He laid down while facing Tony as exhaustion took over. He was out in no time.
Tony looked around as he sat down on the sofa. It wasn’t small but it wasn’t big as well. It was very homey not like his own which was so much larger but felt more empty. Thinking of his home he took out his phone ad called Jarvis. Tony told him he’d be staying with a friend and that he’d come home early to get a change of clothes. Jarvis told him that Steve dropped by looking for him. Tony changed the subject. By the time Tony ended the call Thor stepped out.
Suddenly, Steve felt Tony’s hand squeezing his hand. He was shocked and immediately pressed the button for the nurse, almost smashing the button to bits.
Last one to leave was Thor, Tony had asked Steve if he could talk to Thor and Steve agreed, giving Tony a sweet kiss on the forehead and patted Thor’s shoulder as he passed him walking the direction their group was heading.
Tony looked up, Steve was seething in rage. It’s the first time he’s seen him this way. Steve’s anger gave way to concern as he rushed to him, helping him up. When he got up he looked at Steve again, this time he was looking away ashamed. Tony stepped back and instantly Steve’s expression changed again. Steve looked horrified as if he’d killed someone. Tony didn’t take another step Steve visibly calmed down.
Tony stood and walked to where Steve was going. He poised himself at the entrance and concentrated. His gem grew bright as a beam of ice shot through his hand. Soon a sheet of ice covered the entrance.
Tony stayed at the café’ for the rest of the day, he sent another message to Jarvis saying where he is and that he’s with a friend and not to worry. For the rest of the day he just sat there, writing future design plans and drawing up schematics and whatever thought that popped up in his mind even Steve.
I used the word smile quite a few times cause I know Thor is a generally nice and happy guy. Still planning how to go about this story but it will come in it's own time. Thanks for reading.
Tony was surprised, this was the second time someone hugged him today but he didn’t mind. Thor’s body completely outsized him and he was wrapped around his arms. He found himself wrapping his own arms around Thor. He felt something go down his cheek; he was crying again. He buried himself deeper against Thor tightening his embrace and Thor held him tighter.
Steve remembered all the wonderful memories he had with Tony. His first time on a beach in the summer and Tony’s insipid request to jump on piles of autumn leaves in fall. It brought a bitter sweet feeling.
Steve chuckled “What would you do without me. Anyways, even though you’re smart you should still go to class you know.” He explained.
Steve blinked at him, we’re far from other gems and you don’t need to be so formal with me. Steve nodded and Tony smiled. Steve proceeded to remove his uniform while Tony just looked at him shyly.
Bam, Bam, Bam, was the only sound coming from the gym as Steve Rogers aka Captain America busied himself with the flour sacks they called punching bags. He was pissed off, each blow increasing in force as he remembered his current situation. One final punch launched the bag across the room and it crashed on the wall the fell to the floor beneath it. A growing pile could be seen as cap went to get another bag.
“You dropped me!” Steve said in mild irritation as he got up. “Sorry I hadn’t used that ability in a long while and not with someone else” Tony said arrogantly yet embarrassed at the same time.
He sucked down the remainder of the lemon-lime, watered down by the ice that had melted, and Steve raised an eyebrow, apparently hearing something that Tony hadn't said. "Are you saying you're not?" he asked.
Tony exhaled a breath and thought about this a moment. "David Welch?" he said, giving the name of the old buzzard that had been a thorn in the Avengers' collective side since Day One. Tony hadn't paid attention to the old bastard too much — the rants of an old, senile former-hippy-turned-fervent-Reaganite didn't really rate high on must-read list — but he was well aware of the fact that he was out there poisoning the discourse, leading a one-man crusade for the Avengers' apprehension and permanent detention, preferably somewhere dark and dank.
Steve, fit as ever after a good night's sleep, was already gone for his run the next morning when Tony woke up, grumbling and feeling kind of achy and tired and Jesus, was he always going to feel this tired now? And was he achy from that free-fall he'd done the day before or was it something more?
But Steve reached out and brushed a few tendrils of dark hair away from his face. "You still look beautiful to me," he murmured. "My Antonia."
Natasha remained silent on that, and Tony let her fingers work their magic as they trailed up to his neck. He let his head dip forward some, and as she kneaded her fingers in, he muttered, "I look like Peggy."
Tony looked down to Steve's blood-soaked uniform pants then back up at his face. "I'm sorry. Of the two of us in this room, which one almost bled to death not six hours ago?"
Barton shrugged. "Told you. You've got tells. None of them are pinging 'boy.' If it would make you feel better, we can do the Drano test or the wedding ring test."
"OK, Steve, I know I'm not as...up-to-date with things as you are, but even I know about the it's-not-you-it's-me bullshit. Actually, I thought that was only for...you know, relationships — romantic relationships."
Steve laughed a little and shook his head, and he took the proffered ball from DUM-E again and bounced it across the room one more time.
Steve, bent over Thor's shoulder, just smiled a little at Tony, and as Steve put his hands out to cup Tony's face, Tony reached up on his toes to kiss Steve and murmur, "They're idiots. All of them," against his lips.
The cool air of the workshop was beginning to feel a bit drafty on his slick-covered cock, and he looked around for something to clean off with, ultimately deciding he'd have to get off the table and seek out a clean towel or something somewhere.
" he asked after she'd dropped her hand. Not that he was insulted or surprised, he just… didn't think Happy had it in him.
Overall, it was a nice little get-together of all the people Tony loved and trusted most in the world, even if Happy, as it turned out, spent most of his time concerned with the building's security after hearing about Tony's little 'incident' and Barnes and Wilson argued over whether or not Olivia was smiling at them those few minutes each one had to hold her. Barton insisted it was gas. Steve and Thor were able to get the highchair together and in working order without issue, and Tony was inundated with more gifts than he knew what to do with. When Hill made her appearance after spending hours going over the building's security protocols with a concerned Happy, she brought along even more gifts, including one from a certain patch-wearing cloak-and-dagger expert, who included a note with his gift that said, '
him to look at me like that, but just the fact that he didn't even have to think about it. Fuck, talk about an insult."
"Hey, yeah, you takin' breakfast orders?" Wilson called out to Barnes, who glared back at him. "'Cause I'll take two eggs over-easy with a side of bacon and some of those hash browns you're fryin' up."
The High Chancellor's father, Joseph, had also been a knight of the King's army, but his mother had been of common birth. His father died before he was born, and his mother died early in his childhood, and the King had taken the young, penniless orphan under his wing. He'd had him educated and trained in battle, and Steven had proven himself to be a quick and intelligent young man as well as a formidable leader. By nineteen, he was leading the King's army, six-foot-two with dark blonde hair and eyes that changed from blue to green to grey depending on how the light hit them. A favorite of the young ladies at court, he was said to have been propositioned by several well-meaning noblemen eager to marry off their daughters to such a worthy 'catch' but had turned them all down because he was looking for 'love' not 'alliances.' And Steven, being the King's favorite, could do so. Howard had long wished he'd had a daughter of his own to marry off to his favorite knight, but he respected Steven's wishes to seek out love rather than forge a political alliance that would continue to help stabilize the kingdom. The birth of his own son had put to rest any wishes he may have had of leaving his kingdom to his favorite knight, but there was no doubt in the mind of any man on the King's Council that Steven, Earl of Brooklynd (a present from Howard on his eighteenth birthday), was conspiring to take what he felt was rightfully his.
to him, asking about his studies and how he and Young Sir had met and what he planned to do once he'd gotten his degree. In fact, Tony also gravitated toward Jarvis while they spent that weekend in the Stark mansion on Fifth Avenue (good god, his mother would never believe he'd snagged himself a fella that came from Fifth Avenue), and it seemed that Jarvis was almost a surrogate father to Tony, treating him with the warmth and authority normally afforded an actual father.
"Got me there. I guess you just have to make sure you're both on the same page with that sort of thing. I only ever did that once—"
Steve frowned a little more, and Tony watched as he inched his hand out, his fingers stretching, and reached for Tony's abdomen. Knowing what sappy sort of shit he was about to pull, Tony backed away from the bed.
He huffed and rolled his eyes. "OK, maybe it was a mistake not even bothering to look into a prenup." He thought about it a moment then said, "How would you feel about signing a postnup?"
, and he was a little embarrassed by the general clutter of the place, but as he switched on the light and Tony took a look around, he just shook his head and said, "I forgot how lazy you are with housekeeping."
“Yeah,” Stark said, but some of the fight had gone out of his voice only to be replaced by something that hinted at a little shakiness and strain, “like I said: Not a team-player.”
Steve wrestled Olivia away from the pile and pulled her onto his lap. She went happily, a bow in her hand that she was trying to dismantle as she did so. "That's still not nice to point out," he said as he smoothed back her wisps of blonde hair. It reminded him of the color his had been when he was younger. It had gradually darkened to dishwater blonde as he'd gotten older.
Tony watched Steve clean up a few more piles of paper and assorted packaging materials before he said, "You want to be out there, too. Helping with the others, I mean."
It was a bedroom. The early morning light — not sunlight, just daylight — shone into the room, and Steve was able to make out a pretty nice bedroom. He was lying in the biggest bed he'd ever seen (even if he and the person cuddled up against him were only taking up maybe a quarter of it total), and there was a dresser with a large mirror over it to the side, a bureau catty-corner to the bed, a nightstand on either side of the bed, and, weirdest of all, some black rectangular thing directly ahead of the bed. Steve squinted his eyes as he peered at it. What in the hell was that?
"They look fantastic, El," he said and nodded around at the various prints that lined the gallery. "I think you'll get a big turnout for this."
She made another 'pfft' sound and said, "Who says I'm single? And even if I was, there's nothing wrong with being single, and I'm disappointed in you, Colonel, for inferring that there might be. This is the twenty-first century, and a girl doesn't have to be attached to a man's arm in order to make a worthwhile contribution to society. She can be her own woman without having to be some guy's other half— Or some
Steve got stuck slicing after that, handing out portions to everyone, including Bruce, who was saying something about 'refined sugars' but took the slice that was offered to him anyway and gladly shoved it down his gullet. Honestly, Tony was too busy stuffing his face to really care. It was a good cake, honestly, tasting as good as it looked, and Tony was tempted to contact the bakery and ask them for the contact information for the woman that had deemed it not good enough for her own wedding. He figured, at the least, she deserved a 'thank you' of some kind for being such a hard-to-please pain-in-the-ass.
Maybe things had worked out differently in this other universe. Clearly, Cap was at the least bi if not flat-out gay in this other universe. Tony would bet almost his whole fortune on Cap being straight-as-an-arrow in this universe.
The reflection was too blurred for that detail to be visible, but Thor had seen the old scars from needle and torn-out stitches with Don Blake's eyes and knew them to be there. Not even sewing Loki's lips shut had been able to halt the flow of lies that spilled from his tongue like poison.
Until nine thirty this morning, the unstable disaster area Carol and Jan were currently keeping from total collapse by main strength had been a nearly completed condominium, one of those modern ones with white walls and lots of big, glass windows. Most of the glass was currently covering either the warped and buckled floors or the street and sidewalk below; nearly all the windows on the building's north and west sides had shattered when the crane being used to complete the roof had collapsed and crashed straight through the top of the building.
Tony stood up, tablet in hand. "I know what you're going to say, so save your breath. I know this isn't ideal, and I know that maybe it's not even my best idea—"
He shucked his clothes on the way to his bedroom to grab his uniform, passing by the landline phone next the couch. The little red light was blinking, and he fought the urge to smirk and mutter that there was nothing wrong with a thirty-something-year-old man having a landline in this day and age. It came in handy every so often.
"I guess," Steve murmured and bent his head to brush his lips against her crown once again. "Thank you."
He pointed to a line on the sheet asking for spouse's name and date of birth. "They want your info, too."
"Might not have a choice," Steve replied, tapping the tip of the knife against his plate in nervous thought. "Might have to be OK with it even if I'm not."
"Guess we're going to have to get used to this, huh, kiddo?" he muttered as he went into the kitchen to get himself a cup of coffee, Olivia tucked into the crook of his arm and Tony balancing her against his side with a maneuver he'd christened 'mom hip.' "Daddy taking off for god-knows- where at all hours, not showing up for days or weeks on end."
"Goddamn it, what are you doing?" he cried again, trying to pull his arms out of Bruce's and Rhodey's grips.
His ferocious desire to clean extended to the lab, though there he was able to get DUM-E to do most of the heavy lifting for him and Steve, catching him in the middle of sanitizing his workstation, just shoved his hands in his pockets and said, "Honey, I really don't think you need to worry about cleaning down here."
He shrugged and made his way through the mess of medical personnel and patients now taking up residency in his building and weaved his way around the floor, passing through the restricted access point to the entrance to the personal floors upstairs. There was something unsettling about that woman, now that he thought about it. Something that made the hairs on the back of his neck stick up and made him want to tell Bruce or Natasha or Hill or even Barnes to keep an eye on her, as something about the way she'd smiled at him, held onto him, tried to lead him away did not give off the sense of being a 'friendly.'
Tony finally wiped his hands and mouth off with the napkin. "I need you to make me look like a goddess. You know like in those bad teen movies where the formerly homely girl takes off her glasses and puts her hair down and suddenly she's the most beautiful person in school and the sappy song plays and everyone stops what they're doing to watch her enter the scene and there's soft lighting and effects and shit like that?"
He collapsed back on the bed and groaned, pressing the heels of his palms into his eye sockets. "I fucking hate magic," he grumbled.
"Howard," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm like him. I never wanted to be, but I am. I'm so much like him."
Tony frowned and looked up at Steve, cracker halfway to his mouth. "What's he talking about?" he asked then turned to Rhodey. "Cinnamon bun, what are you talking about?"
Natasha he tried to talk to while she was getting dressed for something, her hair pulled up into a ponytail and a black leotard hugging her frame. She slipped some things into a bag and said, "Tony, if you need something, I'm not the right person to ask. Steve makes the decisions for the team. If you need me to talk to him about something—"
He watched the movements of Steve's face, from the confusion that turned to interest and then finally understanding. Steve met his gaze, and his mouth fell open a little before he closed it and swallowed and said an awestruck, "Yeah, I do."
His own need sated, he took a few breaths before he bowed his head again and ran his tongue over one of Tony's nipples. Tony gasped, and, taking that as a good sign, Steve teased at Tony's nipple with the tip of his tongue, flicking the teat while Tony writhed beneath him. "Oh, god, Steve," he was saying, almost like a chant. "Oh, god, Steve." He opened his legs some more like he was trying to take Steve as deep into him as he could, and Steve pushed as hard and as far in as their bodies would allow, his cock still a little more than half-hard and hopefully enough to get the job done. But something told him to change the angle a bit, and so he left Tony's breasts alone for the time being and sat up on his knees, reaching down to Tony's hips and pulling him with him so that Tony's thighs rested over his. His legs spread wide and Steve buried to the hilt inside, Steve looked down over the plane of Tony's flushed body, his neck and breasts already visibly marked by Steve's lust, and something primal inside of him thrilled at the claim he'd staked. This body belonged to him. It was his to do as he pleased. It existed for his pleasure alone.
didn't want to think about them because that would imply he was nothing more than a cosmic plaything with no control over his own
Tony followed his command, bending one knee, then the other, to climb onto the bed, the plug hitting various pleasurable nerve endings with every movement. He bit his lip and inhaled a deep breath through his nose to keep from uttering a sound, and he felt Steve guide him up to the headboard. He rested Tony's hands against the board and ordered him to brace himself, kneeling, straight as a post from the knees up.
Bruce nodded and went back to pressing into Tony's abdomen, his brow furrowing in more and more confusion as he went.
this is where I leave you," Pepper said, good-naturedly but with a hint of desperation. She picked up her glass and stood up, telling them she'd catch up with them in a bit before she headed over to where Natasha was now talking with Sam and Sharon, who were being kind of handsy with each other.
Tony was stuck for anything to say because, honestly, he wasn't sure what he was going for with that admittedly bad crack, but at that moment, Wilson turned to Barnes and said, "Hey, aren't you older than Cap?"
He found her in the room next to what he took to be Tony's, one that looked like it was being set up as an office, and he watched as she looked around with her hands on her hips and said, "Unca Bruce, wha' happ'ned t' all my stuff?"
Pepper reached out slowly, tentatively, and rested her hands against the small swell of Tony's abdomen, and some look of wonder came over her face as she felt the fetus move within.
Bruce just turned and sighed when he saw Tony advancing on him, tablet in his hand and what he could only assume was a look of abject horror on his face. He watched as Bruce directed some medical personnel to take a gurney over to another part of the room then said, "Don't tell me. You
"It's not that," he said, keeping his eyes squeezed shut. "I trust you more than I trust me, that's for sure."
"She's right," Barnes said, arms folded as he relaxed back into the couch and didn't even bother to take his attention away from the TV. "You're gonna pass out before you even have to push."
"Nice to see you again, former boss," Happy said and glanced at him in the rearview mirror before he pulled away from the curb. "Still lookin' good."
"I don't even know who or what you're talking about," Bruce said, and Hill and Natasha voiced their agreement with him. Tony rolled his eyes again and said another pissy, "Whatever," before he added, "Are we done here?"
The way she said the name indicated that she knew full well that there was nothing normal about this case that had just popped into her office. Still, Tony smiled and shook her hand in return and said, "Yes," before the doctor turned to Steve and shook his hand as well. Steve made to get up as he did so, but she just waved him off and said that was fine before she went over to her desk and sat down. She typed a few things into the computer and stared at a screen a moment before she turned to them and said, "So!" She folded her hands on the desk. "Doctor Banner…explained… your unique situation to me," she said, and if Tony was feeling charitable, he would say her smile was intended to comfort and put them at ease. "Bruce is a good friend of mine, and I wouldn't want to do anything to jeopardize that. I can promise you we will be as discreet about this as necessary."
He shrugged. "I don't know. I'm out of my depth here, which is why I think Tony should go to an actual  medical doctor—"
Steve just tightened the arm he had wrapped around Tony, but he continued to read whatever was on the screen. "You know, it kind of hurts that you would even need to ask that question."
Steve just shrugged. "What can I say? I told you before. I love you no matter what you look like. Whoever you are, whatever you want to be, I only want you to be happy. You're still the Tony I fell in love with, and if we really are 'soul mates,' I don't think that's ever going to change."
Steve's voice cut out, and Tony was left only with the hum of the road noise and the quiet rumble of acceleration. And the heavy silence of JARVIS's disapproval, he was certain, but whatever because fuck.
"Just for a little while," Steve said, and there was almost a plea to his voice. "Tony, I can't lead the team to the best of my ability if you're out there potentially getting hurt."
He'd intended it solely as a petulant joke on his part, but Barnes's face clouded over a little at that, his gaze breaking and darting to another part of the room, and Natasha pulled away from Tony and pushed into Barnes's space and said, "Let's go get something to eat before Thor and Steve eat most of it."
"Didn't think so." He reached over to the dashboard and hit a few switches and knobs. "I know you've got that super serum flowing through your super veins, but your feet have got to be freezing. Even super soldiers shouldn't run barefoot through six inches of snow, which, admittedly is not that much, but still."
. Tony, clearly, had turned him that way, had made him into that, had put those thoughts in his head.
Tony's heart sank into his stomach, but he refused to let it show on his face, and so he simply shrugged and said, "No big deal. It's only a birthday."
Bruce had stepped away from his workstation and was now standing beside Steve, both of them staring at him with worried looks of concern. Tony took a breath and glanced away from the weight of their gazes, intending to apologize for his outburst but finding he just…didn't want to. Because on some level he meant it. He meant all of it. And maybe he wanted them to know that.
hard. He blinked, panted out two heavy breaths, then said, "Why, you—" and took exactly three steps over to him.
Barnes turned his attention to Steve. "Did you…change your name?" he asked like he wasn't sure whether to laugh at him or ask him if he was feeling OK.
"Tony, don't be obtuse," Bruce said. "You know what it means. No food or liquids for twelve hours. Just sips of water."
"I hate the internet," the poor nurse grumbled, looking like she was five seconds away from throwing Steve out of the class.
"We did it together. Look, there's no blame to be laid here except at the feet of that goddamned nutcase."
"Not even for Cap," Wilson replied. "I mean, I can admit: He's a good-lookin' dude. But he— Yeah, he's not my type."
He wasn't crazy, all right? He just… Look, it wasn't worth thinking about something that would never come to pass. She was from an alternate timeline. She had to be. No, he didn't have any proof of this, but Bruce didn't have any proof that she was from their future, either. In fact, it made more sense that she
The men stopped and turned back to her, and knowing they were verging on making a bargain with Lucifer himself, the first man to speak that night said, "And that would be?"
Barton choked on the remains of the juice, the excess dribbling down the sides of his mouth and chin, and he pulled the glass away and coughed a few times then grumbled, "Thought it tasted a little funny," as he grabbed a napkin to wipe up the mess with.
Jesus fuck, in some alternate universe he was married to Captain fucking America. In some alternate universe, Steve Rogers was his husband. In some alternate universe, he was…
"Not really," he said and sat back, thinking. "So, let me get this straight." He began to count off on his fingers. "She knows who I am, she knows who you are, she knows who Pepper is. She's mentioned Romanoff, Barton, and Thor. I'm pretty sure 'Mad Eye' is Fury—"
"Why, you little—" Tony said as he stared down at her. "Five minutes ago, you couldn't be bothered."
He frowned. There was an odd crackle in the air, a weird charge like some kind of mass convergence of static electricity, and for a second, time seemed to move at half-speed. Olivia didn't seem to notice it, or if she did, she wasn't bothered by it, but Tony sat up in slight unease, and his heart almost jumped into his throat as he heard the bellow of a voice that wasn't unfamiliar to him.
"Is that why you're sitting there like that?" Steve asked, motioning over Tony's general nakedness aside from the black bra.
"Stevie, go see what your princess is doing in the kitchen so we can talk about you behind your back. Give. Me. The. Kid."
Tony stood in front of the dresser mirror, stripped of his dress and standing in nothing but his lacy white undergarments, facing front then turning to the side to look at the small-but-growing bump of his abdomen.
about his child. He didn't want him to have any information that he could somehow use against them. Barnes had murdered his parents. What was to stop him from doing the same to his child?
Steve reached up and grasped Tony's hands, and he brought each one to his mouth, pressing a gentle kiss into each palm. "Thank you."
He went over to the tree and gazed at the small, white bulbs that covered it. He pinched one between his thumb and index finger and tried to figure out how they even worked — they were the tiniest things he'd ever seen — then shook his head and shrugged his shoulders and let go of the tiny bulb. He let his gaze linger over the bevy of ornaments that looked to be an amalgam of everything and not anything that could be considered a 'theme.' In the center, toward the top, was one of what looked like a little mouse wearing a Santa hat and sitting atop a child's letter block, and in powder pink writing was spelled out 'Baby's First Christmas 2014.'
, but he flushed a little in embarrassment at the mere thought of going into an elevator — where anybody could be — without even a pair of underwear to show for it, and he wrapped the towel back around his waist and tucked the corner in, hoping it would stay as it was at least until they got to the penthouse.
Tony, still leaning against the back of the couch, glared at the side of Barnes's head and said, "Yeah, can we
Bruce just tweaked a smile at him. "That'll be fine, Tony," he said and nodded at the box of tea. Tony raised an eyebrow at his complete avoidance of the question, but he turned and grabbed a mug out of the cupboard and filled it with water.
of this, I am so fucking horny, I almost can't stand it. So, yes, I'm sorry for taking the easy road and making fun of your age. And I'm sorry for being a little pissy about everyone else going out and having fun in the sun while I have to spend two days being bashed over the head with the fact that something the size of a fucking
Bucky nodded once again, his face a little twisted like he didn't buy Steve's explanation, and Sam nodded as well, a bit exaggeratedly then made a sort of encompassing motion with his hand and said, "You think—" then pointed to the kitchen where Tony was, "—or you think?"
"Don't ask me!" Barton called out to him. "I didn't design it! Though I agree, it would be more convenient to have a bathroom on this floor, too."
But Tony pulled back, almost like he needed to make his announcement without leaning on Steve, and he said, "I don't... I'm not sure... We can't do it anymore."
Steve no doubt remembered their conversation from several weeks back where Tony had admitted that he
He motioned over Tony's body and made no effort to hide the fact that he was totally imagining what it looked like beneath the layers, and Tony just marveled at him and murmured, "We're all pigs, aren't we?"
"Nah, that's not what I heard," he said and put his hand to the back of Tony's chair. "Just that you were looking for your friends, whom I see you appear to have found."
He opened his mouth to do just that — to say he'd changed his mind and he didn't care and he wanted Steve to stay there with him and he didn't care how annoying he got about the shit Hydra was doing right at that moment — but he couldn't seem to do it. He couldn't vocalize it. He couldn't let himself be that selfish.
with them. You completely missed the plastic, cartoon, Avenger-shaped ornaments on the tree, didn't you?"
But Steve exhaled a breath and, with a bemused smile on his face, said, "Some form of chocolate gelato. Either peanut butter or salted caramel."
He tried to determine which was technically a better fit, and when he ended up going in circles, he shook his head and continued his thought.
"Like what?" Barnes asked, confused as he looked at Steve, and Steve glanced up at him and made a slight face.
"Colostrum," Steve repeated. "It's what the body produces before it produces milk. It's a thick, yellowish substance—"
"Well," he said and turned to the small bag he carried with him, "I promised you money for these," he said and pulled out the checkbook for his personal account. He slapped it on the table and pulled out a pen, and he jotted down the date and began to write out 'Other Tony' on the payable line but stopped himself right before he was about to write out the 'O' and said, "Uh, spell your last name?"
But Steve just leaned in and kissed him hard, bruising, his hands digging into the flesh of Tony's hips possessively, and Tony went a little weak-kneed as he fell into him, handing Steve the power over him once again.
Something in the guy's slate-gray eyes flashed, like he'd just been let in on a little secret had by Tony. "Oh," he said with a slight nod, "so that's what your deal is."
"Would you want to be seventy and chasing after her?" Bruce asked and nodded his head at Olivia, who was busy pulling the cheese off her slice and eating it with her fingers.
"Forgot to go for your morning run?" he asked from inside the car. When Steve didn't answer, he sighed and nodded his head at the door. "Come on. It's cold, and I still haven't had my coffee. I don't bite; I promise. Well, actually, that's not— Nope. Wrong time for bedroom talk. Sorry." He leaned over and popped the door open. "Get in before the neighbors start to stare more noticeably."
Rhodey face-palmed, and Tony made to cover the phone like he could block out Olivia's voice, turning to glare at her in a '
"Didn't plan on it," Wilson said then made a pointed effort to dip his eggs into the puddle of ketchup and take a savory bite. "Mmm…" he said to Barnes's eye-rolling annoyance. "So good."
Steve seemed to be aware of this, turning to him at one point during the entrée and murmuring, "Are you OK?"
"Ma used to cook a turkey. Or sometimes a small chicken, if that's all she could afford." He swallowed the heavy lump of emotion that clogged his throat at his next thought. "Buck's parents invited me over to their place after she died." He frowned and murmured, "Guess I'll never be received there ever again."
He huffed a breath, and as the photographer set up his shot, Tony went up on his toes and pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek. And then, because he was an ass, he nudged one of Steve's arms free from his embrace, and he grabbed Steve's hand and slapped it over his belly just as the man took the shot.
"Uh," Tony said as he walked into the living room and watched them lay the garment bag over the couch, "security breach."
"No, I'm not saying that at all," he said with a curt shake of his head and opened his eyes. "What I'm
"You weren't here when they all noticed it. Could've heard a fucking pin drop at how quiet they went. But you saw the way they practically ran out of here with all their bullshit excuses — like they couldn't get out of here fast enough."
Anyway, it was during that time that Tony had latched onto him, hugging him, pressing his face into his shoulder, and said, "
Thor just smiled at him, sadly, wistfully. "When you think of Loki, you think of a monster. When I think of him, I think of my brother. I know myself to have been favored by our parents. The elder so often is. It is yet another trait that we on Asgard share in common with our Midgardian brethren. I was too caught up in my own thirst for power that I neglected to see what was happening to my own brother. Were I not so hungry for glory, I would have been able to see that, and perhaps...I could have put a stop to it before it became too late."
Rhodey clamped his mouth shut and shook his head with a quiet sigh, and while Steve gave Barton his patented 'flat' look, Tony arched an eyebrow at him and said, "Are you trying to get fired from the team so you can go 'flip your houses' full time?"
He dropped his arm and shot a tight smile at Tony, and he turned to make his way to the elevator when Tony suddenly realized Barnes looked different than he had the last time he saw him.
He stripped off his clothes and thought about burning them, but instead he balled them up and dropped them on the floor and jumped into the shower to wash the feel of baby vomit off him. He'd already showered earlier in the day, but that spit-up was pungent stuff, and he swore he could feel it soaking into his pores, having eaten through his shirt long before.
Everything was cleaned up now, but Steve had been involved in debrief since the early morning hours, and Tony hadn't seen him since then.
Unless he could put her down for a nap and then hope Tony was done with his baking project by the time she woke up. Or one of the other Avengers showed up so he could con them into guilt them into encourage them to develop some much-desired life skills.
But then Pepper had shown him it was OK not to have to fill every single void with sound, and with Steve, it just came easy. He'd first discovered that not long after Steve and the other Avengers had moved in. Steve found his way down to Tony's workshop-cum-lab more than any of the others, and at first, it was for stupid, bullshit stuff like arrangements and weapons and the like. Purely business.
Steve found his gaze locked into Tony's, and like so many times in the past, he found he couldn't look away. Tony was several inches shorter than he, but it was times like this, when Tony's fury reached its boiling point, that Steve felt Tony was more intimidating than even an eight-foot metal murder-bot could ever hope to be.
Steve nodded, and he kissed Tony's forehead, clapped Barnes's arm one more time, and then was gone from the room. At the close of elevator doors a couple seconds later, Tony realized he and Barnes were the only two left not just in the room but in the entire penthouse itself. It wasn't like they hadn't been alone together before — it wasn't like they didn't actually get on kind of well together — but Tony sensed, and he got the feeling even Barnes sensed there was something…off or weird about the situation — sort of like they were crossing a new bridge in their relationship and neither one was sure they were ready to take that step just yet.
"I'm not sure if it was better or worse when they thought I just was a gold-digging whore," Tony said one morning a few days after the press conference, after Steve and the other Avengers, half-dead from lack of food and lack of sleep, had just returned from a mission. As they gathered in the kitchen looking all shades of exhausted, leaning on each other and the island for support, Tony held his tablet in his hand as he read over some asshole political commentator's editorial on just how much
Tony folded his arms tight against his chest. "Clearly the man has kissed once or twice in his life."
Bruce shared a look with Tony before he squirted some of the cold gel onto Tony's abdomen, and Tony's abdominals twitched at the cool sensation on his skin. "Tony says he hasn't been feeling well, so he requested I—"
"So you'll let me swell up with a parasite that'll no doubt kill me unless we find some way of getting it out?"
Without a sound, the song faded out, and another one took its place. It took Tony a few moments to recognize it, and once he did, he sighed a little and shook his head and said, "JARVIS, you're pathetic."
"You sure about that?" one of the audience members asked. "Seems kind of freaky to me. I mean — if you are telling the truth here — you go from being a man to a pregnant woman. I know if it were me, I'd be freaked to hell."
Steve just shrugged, smiling a little, not committing to an answer either way as he found the first slice of rather warm and slightly melted birthday cake shoved at him.
They both looked up as soon as he opened his mouth, both seemingly surprised and a little confused, and Tony pulled out the chair across from them and settled into it, slowly, gritting his teeth as he tried not to collapse into the chair like the bloated behemoth he was.
Wilson shook his head and stood his ground. "No, man— Just, no. You picked up my phone and started having a conversation with—"
to keep this baby?" the same woman asked, disgust written over her face. "You didn't have a choice in it?"
He gasped out a few more breaths, and he jumped when he felt a presence behind him, out of the bed and to his feet and into a defensive position. He couldn't see anything for a moment. It was like the room was too bright, and his eyes weren't able to focus. But several breaths in, he was finally able to calm himself to take in the stationary expanse of the room, running his gaze from one wall to another, before he met the frightened eyes of a little girl sitting in the middle of his bed and swimming in a
"Ugh," he said and looked around the barren floor. "J? There a supply closet or anything anywhere around here? Someplace we can get some zip ties?"
"Eh, maybe it wouldn't be such a good idea to go out?" he said after a moment's deliberation. "Last time that happened, I ended up getting caught on camera admitting to being knocked up with Captain America's love child."
close! And one of those stupid fucking fish-things got me!" Bucky cried out, and Steve just shook his head and tried to concentrate on his job. He'd been there that night. He'd almost cried because it was his TV Bucky had broken and none of them had had the money to replace it.
He couldn't ignore it any longer. He looked down at his abdomen and marveled at the crazy thumping going on down there.
Anyway, so Steve honestly didn't know what he'd seen. He'd seen Tony, and then he'd seen a mysterious woman, and then he'd seen Tony disappear and a similar-looking woman take his place. Two years ago, he would never have believed it — even if he'd seen it with his own eyes. Now, it almost felt like it was par for the course.
"She'd just get insulted that I think she can't do any better than Jersey. Seriously, Tony, I think we already caused enough of a scene at the restaurant."
"Do you think it's…weird…that, completely making me question everything I'd ever thought about myself aside, I'm kind of enjoying this whole thing?"
Steve just exhaled an annoyed and harsh breath and said, "I'd just feel better if they waited, all right? I know they mean well. I know they're excited. I just wish they would wait until we're in a better position for all this."
IDs, and I'm not going anywhere until my fiancé and I are issued a marriage license if I have to form a sit-in to do it!"
Tony licked off the tines of the fork to get as much of the chocolate goodness as he could. "Uh," he said, pulling the fork away from his mouth but not setting it down, "I'm pregnant, and not only am I pregnant, but I'm pregnant with
"Whatever," he muttered and stabbed at the food on his plate. "I guess one of my suits then. I don't know. Think there's one I can make work. Have to see about a shirt. Red's a good color to get married in, right?"
"Yeah, well, that could happen. Anything could happen, Steve. I don't think having a party with a bunch of our friends where they freely and willingly
" he was eventually able to gasp out through his laughter after he was able to catch his breath a moment. "
"Yeah," she said after a moment, bashful and coy before she yawned and Tony could feel her begin to relax like she was starting to drift off. He rubbed her back and kissed her head again—
over it. And you've stayed in fancier places than this. I know it's not much, but I have a few dollars to my name, and I thought—"
"Look, does it matter?" he asked and dug out the first spoonful. He shoved it into his mouth, his taste buds savoring the creamy chocolate and caramel flavors as he added, "I was kidding myself with this whole thing, anyway. I'm not Peggy, I'm not Howard, and I'm not
Steve dropped his hands away from Tony's face then scooped him up into a bridal carry. Tony went with it, putting his arms around Steve's neck and saying a quiet, "
Steve snorted a laugh and led him down the hall to the doctor's office. "No, I'm not," he said with too much assurance in his voice.
Pepper took the seat beside him. She glanced around and said, "Most of them are on the dance floor, it looks like. Happy's over with Rhodey and Bruce." She turned back to Tony, and she exhaled a breath and smiled and said, "So!"
He got up from the bed and scanned the room. There was nothing overtly odd about it, which was maybe the odd thing about it. It was too perfect. It was a normal-looking bedroom if…well…there was something oddly futuristic about it, but Steve had seen enough of Hydra to know what they were capable of. Stark, too, but even Stark's technology wasn't quite on par with Hydra's. He went over to a window and looked out to find a residential street covered by a blanket of freshly- fallen snow. There were a couple of odd-looking vehicles — automobiles? — along the street along with houses swathed in garlands of pine and holly and lights. Lights. Who could afford more than one strand of Christmas lights? And why did the colors look so odd?
loved him and cherished him and would do anything for him, and this baby was going to know the same.
But Steve just closed the trunk, and he leaned down and smacked a kiss against Tony's forehead. "I'll protect you," he said then gathered the rest of the bags up in his arms and nodded his head toward the door.
He stripped off his gown and folded it neatly before he set it on the sink. He took a look down at himself — at the large, swollen belly that had dropped a bit in the past few weeks — and put his hands to the swell. He ran gentle hands over the flesh and said, "I'm not sure if I want you out now or if I want you to hold on until your father gets his star-spangled ass home."
that Steve was still alive when everyone was telling him he was dead didn't count. Because he hadn't
"Yeah, but you've read my file," Tony said and went around him, blocking Bruce's view of his screen. "You'd know what would stick out better than those quacks would. Maybe it's late-effect palladium poisoning. Maybe it's residual effects from the arc reactor. Maybe I just ate a bad cheeseburger. I don't know. I just know that if I don't get cleared by someone with a doctorate, Steve's going to be on my ass until I do — and I don't mean in the good way that makes you guys wish I'd put in better soundproofing."
. Trying to see what had grown or what hadn't. His belly wasn't the rock-hard flatness of Steve's abs — it never was as flat or rock- hard as Steve's, but whose was? — but it definitely didn't
There was the span of a roadway separating them, but standing there on the other side of it, looking unwashed, unkempt, and maybe even a little unnerved was the elusive James Buchanan Barnes. Steve stood motionless as he stared at his long, lost friend, almost like he was afraid that if he moved a muscle, it might spoil the mirage.
"I thought it was one of the more romantic versions of the song," Tony added, which startled Steve. Why would Tony be concerned with romance? With him, anyway?
"Duty calls," he said and glanced back up to meet Tony's gaze, and he again forced a smile that didn't meet his eyes as he held up his phone as though to show Tony his plans had suddenly changed and he totally wasn't just flaking on their 'bonding' time.
Tony unfolded his arms and leaned forward, folding his arms again to rest them on the tabletop. "So, you expect me to believe some random guy from New Jersey just happened to get his hands on Steve Rogers's personal family photographs and keep them in his possession for, like, fifty years?"
"Hey!" Steve said and put his hands over Olivia's ears. "Don't use that kind of language around her— What?" he asked and cocked his head at Tony's rather bemused expression.
Bruce turned around, and he grimaced and scratched his head at what he found. "What?" Tony asked, sensing his unease. "I did what you said—"
Steve shook his head some. "Not worried about mystery. Maybe some fellas don't want to know about that, but I want to… I don't want to be ignorant of what's happening to you."
Rhodey sat there, almost like he was pondering this and trying to figure how he wanted to phrase exactly what he wanted to say.
Steve continued to stare at him, and after a moment, he said, "Watch everything that you say. It would be different if the public didn't know who we were, but they do, and especially now, they're looking for any crack in our foundation they can possibly find, and they'll exploit it for all they think it's worth. It's bad enough they think there's something…
"OK, gimmie," Tony said, reaching grabby hands out at Hill to take his baby back, and Hill smiled and cooed at her once more before she carefully passed her back into Tony's waiting and willing arms.
There was a couple tucked into a table toward the back, close to the counter but away from the windows, and something told Tony this was his man (and woman), but he went over to the counter and looked over the chalked menu for only a moment before he ordered — god help him — a large herbal vanilla chai-thing.
Rhodey nodded, conceding his agreement, and Tony sniffed and said, "Yeah, you know me so well, don't you?"
She just smiled at him. "You are not alone, Captain. You may have been once upon a time, and that feeling may still be ingrained in a part of you, but you are not alone nor have you been for a long time."
Tony glanced up and watched as she turned her head to the side and stared at something on the floor, her brows furrowing and her lips pinching together.
But this Olivia wasn't the one that had gotten lost in time. This Olivia wasn't the one that would be rescued by a torn and disheveled and thoroughly-relieved Steve Rogers. This Olivia would never know that man except for the stories that he and the other Avengers could tell her.
"Well," she said after a moment, "these certainly look like valid IDs, but they don't look like you."
He shook his head to rid himself of that image if only so that the next time he had Steve's thick, red cock in his hand, he wasn't immediately brought back to this moment.
They arrived back to a house tastefully illuminated in those tiny Christmas lights, and when Steve turned to ask who'd put them on, Tony said, "They're on a timer," as he pulled up the driveway and into the garage. "Come on at a certain time and go off at a certain time. Saves us from having to plug them in and unplug them later. I could just wire the outlets to work with switches, I suppose. Maybe next year."
Bruce shrugged. "I figured Captain America to be one for military-precise cleanliness — you know, folded corners, immaculate quarters—"
"I know," he said with a heavy sigh and went over to the couch. He collapsed onto it, and Steve collapsed beside him before he pulled him into a tight, warm embrace, and they cuddled for a moment before Tony said, "How should we do it?"
Tony pointed. "On the bed, soldier," he said, and Steve, almost as relieved as he was happy, complied.
She laughed. "I meant it in the best way possible. But in that it was part of a much larger and more unfortunate event that was not of your choosing. That's what I meant about consent. You said yourself that if you were to terminate, you would end your own life as well, which I find a rather…" She shook her head like she couldn't even begin to fathom what that meant. "My goodness, the world we live in nowadays."
