It took a second for their words to register in Dean's brain because he was still stuck on the whole being faced with your future self, in the flesh, right before your eyes, etc. You couldn't blame him. Here he was, in his robe with only boxers and a tight, white t-shirt underneath, in front of, seemingly, himself from some future time and a future Cas. He was pretty sure the look of shock on his face as he lowered the gun was the only thing keeping the other two from speaking, graciously offering him time to process.
He turned a couple more times, groaning along with the movement and stretch of limbs, until he settled into a slightly more comfortable position.
“You might want to put that away before you shoot someone, Dean,” future Cas spoke gesturing to the gun he had in a death grip in one hand.
"Interesting," he said with the same look on his face. It was kinda trippy seeing the same features on this man. This man pretending to be Cas, or at least the younger version of himself. And he pulled it off well. So well that not many people would have seen the difference in the two.
“You were right about us being from the future. We came to get something that was destroyed – or will be destroyed in approximately two years. There were a number of books that were burned by the Styne family,” future Cas said.
Dean turned back to look at his future self as Cas approached trying to gauge his expression. He seemed so entranced at the sight of this Cas, like a kid on Christmas morning. He looked like he was staring at someone he… nope, not going there.
“I – ” Dean was having trouble getting over certain revelations of the night, or more specifically, one revelation. If you could call it that. “Cas, are they the real deal?” he asked turning to Cas.
Such was life, cringing at your greatest hits running through your mind. Greatest hits meaning "I'm a fucking idiot. Why can't I just shut up, why do I exist? I hate my life." You know the ones.
If it was Cas, he was probably attempting to make breakfast for Sam and Dean as one of his many ways of apologizing for his latest fuck-up with the leviathans. Which, no matter how many times they said they were good, it never seemed to matter to Cas. He had to make it right, had to make it up to them.
"Only reason I'm not pointing this at you is 'cause you look like a good friend of mine, and I've had weirder shit happen in my lifetime than a time traveling angel. I've actually already been down that road."
This was probably the worst part of his day. The early morning hours when he was too physically tired to get up, but too mentally awake to sleep and dream of nothingness. This was the time when his stupid mind wandered. Wandered through different scenarios of how conversations the day before could have gone more smoothly. How he could have kept his stupid mouth shut or opened it at just the right time instead of sitting in awkward silence.
Future Dean and future Cas shared a quick, cautious look from across the room before future Dean mumbled, “We’re not allowed to tell ‘em, right? ‘Cause I’m pretty sure he already figured it out and’s about to have a panic attack, and I know you handle it well, but I really don’t wanna be here for my melodramatic ass panicking.”
“Holy shit. I can’t believe this,” Dean started mumbling to himself grabbing around for something to hold himself steady. “I’m not – I am
"Cas, what the hell are you doin'?" he grumbled, voice rough with sleep, as he made his way over to Cas.
But it wasn't up to him. So he laid there every morning pretending to be sleeping, sometimes trying to ease himself back into the glorious abyss of unconsciousness, but it was always to no avail. He was basically cursed, and no, that was not him being melodramatic.
“How the hell should I know?” Dean shrugged throwing his hands up vaguely, in a show of frustration.
“No idea,” Brady smirks as he leans forward, conspiratorially. “And I’m pretty sure that’s your job to figure out. Not mine.”
The hospital is, without a doubt, boring. They wheel Cas away for tests, telling Dean it’ll be a couple of hours. He paces the waiting room, trying to get out of the way of the other pacing family members, and when that doesn’t help, he hits up the gift shop for some balloons or a ‘get well’ card—except neither of those things because that’s super lame.
Dean wants to say ‘no’—wants to avoid whatever revelations Sam thinks that The Winchester Gospels have in store for him. But he also doesn’t like knowing where his brother’s head is at—especially in regards to him. “Put them outside my door and I’ll think about it,” he finally goes with. “Now, will you leave me alone to piss?”
Dean notes, and then immediately wonders what the hell he’s thinking. He doesn’t even know this guy—and he certainly shouldn’t be wondering how they are going to differentiate the Sams in their lives when, for all he knows, Cas is an ass or against the whole concept of soulmates. Or, you know, he could be dead.
want, Cas, I’m not gonna kidnap you to hang out. But, Man,” he felt his throat tighten slightly, “If I thought this whole thing was gonna make it so we had to put a duct tape line down the middle of the city, I wouldn’t’ve done it.” In fact, he might be selfish enough that even if Cas
The actor gestured vaguely in Castiel’s direction. “Hey, uh, open the glove compartment, will ya?” Castiel did. Inside was a box of old cassette tapes, obviously well-handled. However, the labels looked like they got replaced regularly. “Pick one,” the actor directed.
“I… can do that,” he finally made himself say, painfully aware of how grateful he was to have Dean Winchester in his life.
My head thumps loudly against the stack of books I’d spent the last hour pulling from the library. I’d
Instead, he watched her idly trace the wood grain pattern on the table while she gathered herself. He waited a long time.
to check all the future best-seller boxes, Crowley had seemed to have a more innate understanding of Castiel’s work—allowing him to cross genre lines or break more of the traditional rules if that’s what the story demanded.
Cas’s cheeks warm and he barely resists the urge to push his red face up against Dean’s shirt and breathe in the smell of “Mountain Breeze” laundry detergent and slightly-salty sweat.
“Just say what you wanna say, Cas. I promise not to let my brain turn into pudding or whatever it is that you’re worried about.”
I guess I fall asleep after all because I wake up with the mid-afternoon sun streaming through the window and my phone vibrating. Wiping the crud from my eyes, I open the message. “It’s Cas,” I inform Dean. “Says there’s a diner coming up in a couple of exits that you want to stop at.” Followed by the emoji symbols for a burger, pancakes, and a thumbs up.
I think back to a few weeks ago when I accused my other self of working with Castiel, the demon. Turns out, I wasn’t very far off. “Glad to know that I negotiate with terrorists in the future.”
“Nah,” he smiles, suddenly, in the way that fuels the tiny hope inside me—the one that I try not to entertain but which I haven’t quite been able to extinguish either. At the very least, I’m glad that he seems happier.
Castiel finds the container with his foot first—probably earning himself another bruise considering the paper-thin slippers he’s used to wearing—and then fumbles to lift the lid.
Dean’s satisfaction when he takes the first bite out of his burger—almost like an appetizer for his own meal.
“The truth spell should wear off later today. So just—consider this. If you’re feeling…unsettled about something and you want to figure out why, try talking out loud to yourself about it. Maybe, there’s a part of you that knows what’s going on, even if you don’t want to admit it.”
When they decide to head out to where the vampire nest is and Toby offers to give Cas a ride, he lets Cas be the one to tell him, “No, thank you,” before fixing Cas’s clothes the way he hasn’t done in weeks. But Sam can feel what’s coming—like a thunderstorm in the distance.
A few minutes later, cops and paramedics arrived with oxygen masks. The obvious conclusion was that there had been a biological attack.
Cas froze; and then, like one of those commercials where the drink un-spills or the glass un-breaks, he didn’t so much
So no matter how reckless summoning the damn thing is, I figured it would be better than waiting around for the next time it tried to tune my brain to a radio station whose only two songs are glass breaking and electronic feedback. And yet…that sort of feels exactly like what I’m doing. “You sure you did the ritual right?” I can’t help but ask the older hunter, spinning the point of Ruby’s demon-killing knife into the tabletop I’m using as a seat.
He would have thought that the last few months of walking the media tightrope would have better prepared him for this kind of socio-political situation. But in the end, he’d rather be a responsible figure in Ben’s life than someone who overlooked his well-being for a few brownie points. “How about you do your homework
gave Cas pause. He’d forgotten Dean’s sudden need to take a road trip. And whatever triggered the actor’s fight-or-flight instincts was piled on top of an already stressful week.
Cas indicated the scroll. “Split evenly. It wasn’t just talking about dividing the total number of stones by two.” He held one of the pieces up for Dean to look at—and all at once, saw what he’d been missing.
“And how about your dad? You, uh, didn’t look for him either…? I mean, you told me you didn’t, but, uh… I’ve never really been sure where you stood with that whole… thing.”
Dean slumps over his steering wheel in relief. He’s not even quite sure what he’s afraid of—except the knowledge that there is no way in a hell that the son of the Angel Killer and the son of the Angel Killer’s executioner were assigned to be dormmates just because of
We give the newcomers a basic rundown (“Yes, there is a God. He likes to go by Chuck. He made us pancakes once and went through Dean’s porn. No, we’re not pulling your leg. Amara is actually his sister—the Darkness to His Light. No, Dean, there’s nothing incest-y going on there. We think. Look, most of this doesn’t matter because he’s not around much anyway.”) By the end, Bobby looks like he could use a drink. As for Dean…“Scoot your ass. Need to use the restroom,” he tells the older version of my brother, looking pale under all his freckles.
“A friend,” Dean responded, feeling like he’d said the word so much recently that it had lost all meaning.
“No, actually, next time you’re at a party, you should definitely lead with that,” Dean chuckled as he fell back into pace.
Cas gave him one of his sideways smiles—the one that reminded Dean of the way sunlight flared off the metal rim of Baby’s side-view mirror. “The chairs, for starters. An interesting factoid is that restaurants order ones that aren’t overly comfortable on purpose. Otherwise, people would be inclined to linger longer after their meals, which reduces the staff’s ability to turn the table over. Clothes are similar. They’re made to wear thin after a while so that you’ll buy more. Which made me remember I still have shirts I need to get back to you.
“Well,” the hunter sighs, readjusting his grip on the steering wheel. “Maybe Sammy will have an idea.”
“Now you got apprehensions about this whole me-you deal, and I’ve got mine. Not just the soulmate stuff, okay? I know these last few weeks of media speculation haven’t been your idea of a good time either. So, if getting our picture taken and having made-up stuff come out about us is gonna be a dealbreaker for you…”
Castiel felt the gears in his mind turning—too slowly—like all the parts were rusted. “If that is—quite horrifyingly—true, I’m still pretty sure he has to
They started walking across the crowded parking lot, an acceptable four feet of space between them. It was only when Cas’s left shoulder brushed Dean’s right that he realized that they’d unconsciously drifted toward one another. Quickly, he took a step to the side.
Cas almost smacked him on the lip with his head in his scramble to sit upright. “What kind of problem?” he asked, concerned, trying to read Dean’s expression for clues.
Dean retreats with a quiet moan that a human might not have been able to hear, his forehead pressed to mine, but his eyes closed.
Using the projector, she pulls up a color-coded U.S. map. “Now, imagine you’re going to the movies with friends. You decide to have popcorn and—a soft drink. Chances are, if you’re from one of the areas marked here in blue, you’re going to call it ‘pop.’ If you’re from the northeast… well, you’d probably ask for a ‘soda.’ In the south, most people call it Coke.”
"And your first instinct upon meeting a new form of life would be to what—shoot it?” “Or stab it in the heart." - Cas' and Dean's first meeting in "Lazarus Rising" (4x01)
Castiel tried not to move either. But half-exposed in the air-conditioned room, a shiver wracked through him anyway, causing the phoenix’s wings to rise and fall. And just like that… Dean’s jaw clenched.
“Look, as far as we know, the computer scanner is messed up. Maybe we just have really similar soulmarks, not identical ones.” Benny covers his sound of disbelief with a slight cough. “All I’m asking is that you don’t report any unsubstantiated rumors.”
Castiel repeated when the actor brushed a strand of hair away from her face before cupping her cheek, holding his breath an inch away from her lips.
“Not really. I mean, er—” Dean could feel a package of bacon he had tucked under his elbow starting to slide towards the floor. Apparently, Cas noticed, too, and moved forward to catch it, his fingers skimming the inside of Dean’s arm in the process.
“You remember that alternative universe that I had Balthazar send you to, Sam?” Cas asks, once she’s gone.
…and how it seems…different…from what Sam and Castiel have. I mean, I’d never really had a best friend before—and I’m also not used to angels. Maybe they all stand really close and soul-strip people with their eyes. That’s gotta be the explanation. But I’m not sure if Bobby understands that’s all that’s going on there. Maybe I should tell him. But only if he brings it up first.
“Whoops, that’s your photo gallery,” Dean muttered under his breath, before turning the phone to the side to see a picture better, causing Castiel’s pulse to turn into Morse code. He leaned forward enough to see it was one of the ones from graduation. "Congrats," Dean offered.
He was pretty sure he’d never be ready for this particular conversation, but that didn’t matter. It was one they
Another wave of hurt rocked into him—and now that Dean was no longer around to see it, he allowed himself to rub at the offending place on his skin. “
For example, there’s always a spike in Dean’s worry when he leaves to grab more food. When he talks to Sam, he usually retreats to the bathroom and turns the sink on so they can’t easily overhear what he’s saying, but he can’t hide the annoyed fondness for his brother that feels like carbonation from a warm soda in Castiel’s chest.
For dinner, he made spaghetti—in the sense that he boiled noodles and microwaved Prego tomato sauce—then sat at the kitchen island to eat it while scrolling through his text messages. His mother had sent him a link to an article about how people with blue eyes had a higher risk of eye cancer. Whether this was meant to be informative since she thought he was a doctor-to-be or a hint to get his eyes checked, he wasn’t sure.
“Dean, I know that in the years in question, you found my…attachment to you to be ‘creepy,’ but as it is, I have no doubt my past self will sense if it’s missing…. I…
“It’s actually really interesting watching how fights go down behind the scenes. I thought at first it would ruin movies for me—seeing how they’re made from the other side—but everything looks so much different post-editing.”
you were thinking about it…I’d say, all I want is for you to be happy, Dean. You and Cas both. And…I think he might be your Jess. Your…Mary.” It might be dangerous bringing up their mom right now, but if Dean doesn’t know that wasn’t Cas’s fault by now, this is never going to work.
“Dude, I’m not planning on dicking around with waitresses or whatever,” he states out-loud, feeling guilty and a little hurt. “You’re my best friend. We work together. We
Dean’s scowl only deepened. “Newsflash, Cas—if you can only keep someone around by lying to them, you don’t really have them to begin with.”
“I just stopped by to let Dean know that I dropped off Ben a little early. Can you pass on the message? He’s doing homework in Dean’s trailer.”
The card inside was fairly simple looking: a picture of a bee on the cover with a pink heart reading “Bee My Valentine” in loopy letters above it.
“Hey, Bud,” he murmured as he pushed the door open, finding the kid hopping around on one foot, trying to get his socks off—the glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling shining on his familiar freckles. Ben looked more like Dean than he did his real dad—a fact that made him kinda happy and which he thought made Lisa kinda sad, even if they’d never discussed it.
secret had made sure that at least some of the barrier between him and other people remained. Even when he was talking to Gabriel about his developing connection with Dean, he wasn’t as honest as he longed to be—just because he knew what his cousin would push him to do about it.
The barely-cool air was still a relief to the author as they stepped onto the porch and walked over to the railing. From there, Cas could see a large swath of lawn and shadow-formed trees in the distance, but his eyes immediately turned upward, seeking stars that were invisible due to haze. “The moon’s beautiful,” he conceded though, “Even if first quarter moons are my least favorite.”
“Is he for real?” I sputter, thinking that of all the scenarios I had in mind for who Castiel was, this is the last I would expect. He’s wearing business shoes, for God’s sake.
“Yeah, Cas doesn’t seem to like him that much either. I mean, he respects him, but his grace pulls in tight when he’s around—like it’s trying to stay away.”
“Dude!” Dean removes his lips from his beer bottle just in time to avoid spraying the table. “You’re an Angel of the Lord. And you wanna—what? Teach Sam how to curse and make innuendos? You can’t even do that in
he gets to you. And he likes that too much to admit to anything even if it’s in his best interests.”
They were too far away to talk, but suffice it to say, the thoughts Castiel was directing at him were
The actor got up with a growl to pace, the bow of his legs somehow even more prominent than usual. “What’s his angle? Get your soulmate to pop out of the woodwork to cause more drama? That’s not even smart. The media is all hot for
Castiel might have felt shocked by the man’s words—but he’s too overwhelmed to feel anything for himself at the moment. “How… do you know that? My name?” he asks anyway, finally lifting his head.
The crazy part is—if I wasn’t thinking about how all this sounds to you guys—this wouldn’t even seem all that strange to me.”
Dean sighs, rolling over so that his back is to the angel, feeling Cas tense behind him. He scoots a few paces forward to make room. “Are you just gonna stand there or are you going to join me like a normal person?”
For someone who flirted as easily as breathing and added “Kinky!” to discussions that absolutely did
It took the author a moment to realize that someone was calling his name. A few seconds more to reorient himself. He was at Dean’s house, halfway through his second eggs benedict, and hazel eyes were looking across the table at him, questioningly.
. But because he goes to this diner frequently and Alex knows him pretty well, she places a hand on his forehead to make sure he isn’t sick while Cas looks on suspiciously. In the end, he accepts a slice to go and wishes he’d ordered a whole one.
need time to make things as easy on Ben as possible. But I don’t… I’m not planning on living with Lisa
The sentence that he had been in the middle of typing when Gabriel first started bothering him didn’t look so appealing anymore.
“What?” he said, with one of his more devilish grins. “You thought you were the only one who could break into places? Psssh, I’ve known how to pick locks since I was eight. Sammy does too.” Sometimes, when they had nowhere else to go growing up, they’d snuck into empty motel rooms to spend the night, just like he’d sometimes break into vending machines for snacks and to steal money. Luckily, 1-star places in the middle of nowhere tended not to have security cameras—otherwise, it would probably be a less fond memory. “Actually, we should compete sometime—see who’s faster.”
the noise sounded in his ear. “This is Dean. Leave a message or, better, just text me because I hate listening to voicemail.”
case, he says, “So…any reason you’re up at 3 o’clock in the morning?” trying to sound all casual. “Something on your mind?”
Dean feels strangely detached from his body—watching the world like it’s a movie. Or like he’s revisiting a dream he had before. But that doesn’t stop him from feeling it in his bones with the van lurches within sight of an A-frame style cabin with a busted front door. He’s out of the vehicle before it’s fully come to a stop, ignoring the wet leaves that stick to his boots as he sprints towards the building.
“Did I ever tell you about the future Zachariah sent me to all those years ago?” Dean barely pauses before answering himself. “‘Course I didn’t. Never told Sam much of anything about it either.” He scooches forward in order to fully lean back, folding his hands over his chest, and closing his eyes—like he’s telling a bedtime story but also like he’s trying to fall asleep. Those few days shouldn’t have stuck with Dean like they did—considering his memory is crap, considering none of it came true. But they did. They have. Every word Lucifer said with his brother’s mouth. Every look Cas gave him.
“Yeah, well, what if I go back to the past and decide I don’t want a creepy angel watching me all the time--”
He operated the largest casino chain in the Midwest actually, but before Cas or Gabriel had the chance to answer, Crowley’s door was opening and the man himself was standing there, his shorter frame wrapped in an expensive-looking red bathrobe.
“Anything remotely honest,” she responded, throwing her hands into the air. “I’d even take something close to interesting.”
“You should feel free to read them if you want to, though,” Sam says, ignoring his brother’s glare. “I mean, yeah, we find them a bit freaky, but they’re kinda your story too. You’re in quite a few of them—and some of the books are even from your perspective.”
Dean doesn’t produce any follow-up questions after he finds out that Cas volunteers at a wolf sanctuary on the weekends and wants to own an apiary someday—even though wolves and bees have continued to be a consistent theme in his dreams. Just like Cas doesn’t question it when Dean stops attending Soulmate 101—only showing a slight jolt of surprise when he finds Dean waiting outside the door for him after class so they can have lunch like usual.
“Obviously,” Charlie huffed, exasperated. “But the least Dean could have done was give me a head’s up. If someone figures out Benny’s an ex, you know there’s gonna be a fuss made of it on the internet. And whose jobs is it to take care of all of that?
to the one that Crowley took out, and if it just so happens to make it look like his giant head is sucking off a giant dildo, then it’s his own fault for taking a billboard out of his giant head. Who wants to buy suits from a book editor, anyway?”
“A black 1967 Chevy Impala,” he responds, realizing a moment later that he gave more detail than the question asked for.
“Well,” Benny tugs his fisherman’s cap further up his forehead. “Suppose I wouldn’t want to upset the investigation for something unconfirmed.” Dean claps his shoulder in gratitude.
He began to pace the long length of the room unconsciously as, outside, the sky turned orange and dusky pink.
“Your insults aside, I agree that this seems a strange thing to ask us. I would never presume to know what you are feeling, Dean.”
Dean is still thinking about Cas’ vessel while Sam scrolls to the next question. He understands on a certain level. Dude’s not a dude, just dude-shaped at the moment. Not a man, but a collection of badass-angel-smiter and long-lost-puppy dog. He is full of obscure facts and jokes in languages Dean can’t understand, who loves boring accountant wear and also socks with kittens on them.
And yet, the adrenaline pumping through him means that they circle around to the prequels—and make it all the way through Episode II—before his body begins to feel tired. “Cas?” he asks the other man, whose eyes look even bluer in the light coming off the screen.
Castiel frowned. It wasn’t like being charming was an objective quality. What one person might find amusing or pleasing could easily be unattractive to someone else. He said as much to Crowley while picking up one of the books perched at the top of the column. New ink always smelled like berries to him, undercut by the scent of plastic from the jacket.
“Ultimately, I think I would probably feel the same about you no matter what form you were born in—whether you were female or looked more like Sam or were not traditionally aesthetically pleasing.”
Then, Lisa turned to face him—and yup, there was the anger, hardening all her usually soft edges. He set down the guitar.
At this point, Castiel was somewhat prepared to wind up in emotionally intimate conversations with Dean. He was
Cas rolls his eyes. “As you’ve pointed out, we’ve had the fate of the world in our hands a few times. I think you can handle simply being yourself.”
“Are you interested in watching the movies or my reactions?” Cas asks, which shouldn’t be a loaded question, but it kinda is.
“You wish,” Dean mutters, knowing for a fact that the condom in the guy’s wallet that their techs processed was well past its expiration date—and idly wondering how the other man got enough action to even
Cas nods, slowly, understanding at least a part of what I’m not saying. I stuff my hands in the pockets of my robe again.
Maybe he would tell Castiel they could ignore it. Maybe he would tell the author to stay away. But at least then the burden of keeping this whole—thing—in check wouldn’t just be on Castiel’s shoulders.
six months ago. But here—now—with this rush like lava underneath his skin—it’s almost impossible not to rewrite those early memories, to look back on their first meeting and remember it differently.
“It’s a blue-footed booby,” Castiel explained, reaching out to grab the toy that Dean was holding out.
seen it,” Sam answers him, trying to get as much distance between themselves and the Dean Cave as possible.
Unsurprisingly, Crowley’s immediate reaction was to ask if someone needed to be called to childproof Castiel’s apartment since the author had
The Dean and Bobby in front of me begin opening fire. I feel the bullets like I felt the insults of high school bullies—barely noticing of them, knowing that they have no idea who they’re really messing with. Half a second later, I’ve forgotten about the bullets altogether.
“But he’s been different since he’s been out here. Good different,” Gabriel conceded. “Maybe it’s because his career is taking off. Or maybe he just
Eventually, he made it to the shadow of one of the main buildings, the conversation he had just overheard playing over and over again in his head. He didn’t know how to feel. Or more like, he was feeling a lot at the moment and wasn’t sure how to handle it all simultaneously. Guilt because he hadn’t realized the depths of what was going on with Dean—and irritation that Benny had. Relief, because Dean deserved someone to discuss things with and it seemed Benny was genuinely trying to be a friend. Warmth at the way Dean spoke about him, even when Cas wasn’t there. And concern… wondering what he should do next. Tell Dean that he’d been listening in? Wait for him to open up when he was comfortable? Maybe, he should ask Sam for advice.
“Guess I just figured I would rate somewhere on your ‘to do’ list…,” he grumbles. “And yes, Cas, that was an innuendo,” he adds, rolling his eyes behind closed lids.
Once I’ve given him a fresh bowl, I slide back across the room on an ancient, army-green rolling chair that was clearly meant for someone shorter. The control panel blinks at me, looking unimpressed, but sometime in the past, Charlie put Star Wars stickers on the important buttons and I’m able to follow her instruction book for getting the physical security up and running again fairly easily if not quickly.
Cas makes no other movement besides nodding, but Dean can feel something inside Cas shift, like puzzle pieces rearranging into a new shape.
Sometimes, talking to an angel is a lot like talking to a kid. They don’t ask ‘why the sky is blue?’ or ‘how come people are mean?’ but things like ‘why did humans come up with the custom of shaking hands?’ or ‘what is the point of feeling buyer’s regret?’ where you’re forced to tell them that you really have no fuckin’ clue and that’s just the way things are. Like now, the only thing Dean can think of to say is, “I don’t make the rules. That’s just how it’s always worked.”
Brad liked to tease her about her fear of the dark. “Come on, babe. I know you’re a badass. But you have to admit it’s kind of funny.”
Finally, he presses #1 to activate speed dial, followed by the speakerphone button. Meg raises a perfectly-sculpted eyebrow in interest as it rings.
Of all the things that had happened today, it was ridiculous that the idea of going to the grocery store was the most mind-boggling, but it absolutely stopped Castiel in his tracks. “We can’t do that!”
Castiel can’t help experiencing a pang of disappointment when Dean doesn’t look their way for the rest of the afternoon.
is an insult to his ego. It’s why he rides Sam for what he’s learned about Ruby—even though that’s done and past. It’s why he gravitates towards Cas one day and then pushes him away again as soon as he notices how close the angel is with his older self. If only shaking someone by the shoulders worked as well as kicking a TV for giving them a clearer picture.
easier." He kissed Castiel's hand softly before lowering it into the water and standing. "I'll be back in a while. You know what to do if you need anything right?"
"Dean, he's been alone for fifty years, I think a couple hours will be alright." Sam watched his brothers mouth pull into a frown. "Christ, you got it bad, huh?"
"Told him he could take me on a date as payment." His face broke out into a smile as his cheeks reddened.
Dean looks anywhere but the mans face. Tears spill over his cheeks as he stares up into the sky, watching dark clouds loom overhead.
the time for Dean to be secretly fantasizing about a beautiful raven haired angel so he pushed the thoughts aside, strode into the room and listed his demands. He was polite but made sure that the leader, Castiel, knew how serious he was about putting an end to the war. But when the angel merely smirked and turned his back on Dean, the lieutenant smashed his fist against the table dividing them and demanded his surrender. Castiel flared his wings and disappeared into the night.
“This is my root cellar. Fruits and vegetables are on the shelves with herbs and spices used for cooking. There’s meat and cheese in there.” Castiel kicked the rug out of the way to reveal a hole filled with white pouches tied with string.
“I can breath when you’re not here, Cas, and right now I’m suffocating. I can’t think or sleep or fucking feel anything without you here. Feels like I’m stuck. I’m stuck here alone, dyin’ inside. I’m dying without you, Cas.”
Today is Dean’s birthday. He won’t admit it, but he likes celebrating it. Sam got him something called an ‘IPA’ and I made him a mixtape of my favorite songs. I remember how much I like the one he made me.”
The last one Sam sent didn't have a convincing caption or a aggressively circled article. It was a picture of a house with an attached garage, a building off to the side and a large (rickety) looking barn behind it. Dean stared at it for a long time before he reluctantly texted his annoying brother back a simple
"Really," Dean cocked an eyebrow at his brother. "Why's that? Want me come home and let you try and cure me?"
He nodded quickly, moving Dean's hand lower. He felt Dean's fingers slip inside waistband, teasing at the hem of his boxers. He groaned when he felt Dean press his hips against him, feeling him growing hard between them.
"Jerk." Sams eyes bounce between his brother and the angel for a moment before he stands up, the chair scraping loudly on the floor. "If you don't tell him, I'm going to."
Dean licked his lips and shook his head. "Shame, too. You look fine as hell in 'em." He walked over and rested his hands on Castiel's hips. "I don't think I'll ever get tired'a lookin' at you in my clothes."
“You were all too young to remember,” he whispered, “but when Amara turned six, she started developing powers at an alarming rate. Your mother and I couldn’t keep up and we had no idea what to do.” He looked to Gabriel and frowned. “Do you remember your horse Pearl?”
They sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes, letting each other explore their differences before Castiel slowly pulled away. "I should probably--" Dean hooked a thumb over his shoulder towards the house. "You need anything before I go? Wait---do you eat? I just realized I know nothing about how to take care of you, man."
Dean pressed his lips together, pouring Castiel a generous amount of whiskey. He handed it to him instead of sliding it across the bar, their fingers grazing gently.
Dean chuckled and pulled at Cas' shirt, lifting it over his head and tossing it aside. "I told them under so circumstances to knock on that door." He kissed down Cas' chest and over their bonding mark that was beginning to glow. It tingled his lips and sent a streak of power through his skin. "Cas," he whispered as he tugged at the witch's pants.
Castiel closed his eyes. Under different circumstances, he wouldn't have minded. Probably would've actually loved this. But that was normal, loving Dean. His Dean.
“Oh, please, Sam. You aren’t exactly subtle. ‘Hey, Charlie, I’m gonna go for a walk at midnight but I don’t want you to come with me’.” She wiped at her eye and shook her head as Sam groaned. “Oh, don’t be embarrassed,” she said, patting her witch on the shoulder. “It’s adorable.”
"Hey," Dean reached over and rested his hand on Cas' leg. "No. I'm not leaving you, Cas. We're in this together. I'll be the best damn boyfriend you've ever seen and if they can't accept you for who you are," he tightened his grip on Cas' leg, "then fuck 'em."
Dean laughed outright and pinched his eyes shut, imagining what that might look like. "Ok, yeah I understand Cas. Party now, this---," he gestured between them, "later?"
“Hey, Cas,” his voice shook quietly. “It’s been two weeks since…” He trailed off and opened his eyes, looking around the room. Not like he was expecting Cas to be there or anything, but it couldn’t hurt to peek. He bowed his head and pinched his eyes shut. “Been two weeks, man. I know–shit, I don’t know, actually. I know what led up to you leavin’ and all, but I—fuck, Cas, I’m so sorry.” He squeezed his hands together, white knuckling his way through his half-assed prayer.
Shaking his head, Castiel turned it over in his hand a few times. “No, it’s my work phone. They gave them out a few weeks ago. Which reminds me, why don’t you put your number in? These days I can’t memorize anyone’s.”
Castiel smiled and licked his lips. “Sorry, what was I saying?” He set his phone on the table and continued eating.
A week passed with no sign of Castiel. Dean texted Charlie constantly, asking how he was doing. She’d update him once a day, but Dean had the feeling she was just placating him with a “He’s fine” every time he asked. But Dean knew Castiel. He definitely wasn’t fine.
"Cas," Dean pulled his wrist free before buttoning his flannel, "you said it yourself. I'm in this. If I can talk to him and make him see what a slime ball Alistair is without all the ass kissing that went on in that meeting, then I'm going to do it."
“Simple? Cas a week ago you couldn’t do any of this. Now you’re changin’ your eye color on a whim. That’s awesome, I’m proud of you.” He felt his mark warm and saw the blush rise on Cas’ cheeks. “I think you’re ready for bigger stuff.”
"Dean," Cas groaned, raking his nails over Dean's thighs. "Need to---" his breath hitched in his throat as Dean knelt down and licked a stripe up his chest to his nipple. "Fuck, Dean I need to get my gloves."
Dean clenched his jaw. He knew someone had been watching them from the start. "Gotta tell ya man, you need better tails," Dean said with a light huff. "First thing I saw at the tailors was your van. Cliche much?" Dean bent down to pick up his bag and heard the telltale click of a hammer being pulled back.
"Sam just wants to help you, Dean. He loves you very much," Castiel whispered, sliding his hand along Deans chest.
A splash of water and a gurgled response came from the bathroom a minute later and Dean pushed the door open. Castiel's head rose out of the water as Dean entered, his eyes already trained on Dean and smiling.
The man walked over and kissed Castiel lightly on the cheek (which shouldn't have made Dean bristle, but it definitely did) before turning his attention to Dean.
“Much better things,” the witch said without thinking. He cleared his throat and opened his mouth. “I mean—”
“What? Oh. Oh! No. No way, man. Come on in,” Dean stuttered. “The, uh—” Dean snapped his fingers, trying to remember how to speak again. “Power. The power’s out, but you can hang out here for a bit until it passes.”
Castiel's shoes clicked softly across the marble floor. He nodded to the receptionist behind a large desk who was typing behind a computer screen. She smiled warmly at him and said "He can see you right away, Mister Novak."
Castiel walked up to the bar and leaned his elbows on it, effectively making his ass stick out. The bartender’s eyes lit up as he sauntered over.
"I know that Dean. I'm just saying there might be something in here about what's going on with him right now but I haven't found anything yet."
Dean shook his head and tossed the crust of his sandwich towards the garbage. He groaned and let his head fall backwards when it missed.
Dean sits up in bed, his brow lined with sweat, hands dug into the sheets like a tick as his chest heaves. Wiping a hand down his face, he swings his legs over the bed and absolutely ignores the situation between his legs. He's leaking through his boxers and curses his stupid brain as he peels them off and tosses them in a hamper. Pulling a clean pair of sweats out of an old dresser, he dresses in a fog of embarrassment. He hasn't had a wet dream since he saw Han Solo strut across the movie theater screen when he was a teenager and he'll be damned if he'll categorize this as one even though the evidence is laying not three feet from him.
"Three minutes everyone!" Cain called out, keeping a steady arm around his wobbly wife. "Gather 'round." Cain motioned for everyone towards the large flat screen TV that was playing a live feed from Times Square.
Sam and Dean are making copious amounts of food for Thanksgiving. Seeing as it is my first time celebrating the holiday, I suspect they are going ‘all out’, as Dean puts it.”
He traced the length of the demons cock with his tongue and flicked again. He sucked harder each time he bobbed his head, increasing the pressure around the tip each time.
Sam crouched down and laid his hand on the dirt in front of his familiar. “That’s—that’s a lot of power, Charlie. I’ve never—Gods it’s almost making me nauseous.” He held his stomach and looked around, eyes landing on a merchant nearby. “Excuse me, ma’am,” he stood and walked up to her stand. “Have you seen a man about this tall,” he held his hand just above his own shoulder, “brown hair, green eyes?”
Alistair raised a hand in surrender as a feral grin spread across his face. "Surprised Cassie didn't tell you already. He knew the whole time."
"Wouldn't do that if I were you Dean," Alistair sneered as he pointed his gun at Dean's head. He glanced at the suit on the bed. "How was the funeral anyway? I couldn't make it."
Dean made his way up Castiel's chest to his neck and sucked a mark there, eliciting a moan from the other man. "Doesn't matter," he whispered shaking his head.
“Aww, what’s the matter? You can dish it out but can’t take it?” He walked over to the sink and splashed water on his face. It trickled down his chin and onto his chest.
“Believe it or not, I was trying to grow their bodies back.” Castiel looked up at Dean through his lashes. “I found them at the market and felt so bad for them. They were just hanging there, dried out and sad. So I bought them and took them home. I must’ve used too much willow bark because I added it to my cauldron and–poof. Literally,” he laughed.
Ellen sighed and sat back down. "Just---if you plan on stayin' in this town and in that house, you're gonna need more than just roofin' supplies."
“Yes. Well, those were under different circumstances.” He looked up at Dean and for a moment they held each others gaze.
Dean squeezed her hand and ran his free hand through his hair. “Not great? I mean, he learned his sister was alive and kept in a cell for decades until I let her out to wreak havoc on the world yesterday so…” he trailed off as the draw bridge closed loudly behind them.
"Well I may not be great at skating, but I sure as hell can throw a ball," Dean pointed to Gabriel and lowered his head. "Better watch out."
Dean tossed his free hand in the air. “One time. I forget one time and I have to hear about it every damn---”
Gabriel perked up and smiled. "I did. Isn't he the best?" he asked, lightly punching Dean in the shoulder.
“Don’t open that just yet,” Dean warned with a stern finger. “That cork gets popped after the countdown.”
“I know, doesn’t make it less of a bad idea though.” He looked up into the night sky and squinted. “You know, I bet I could see the river from up there. Why don’t I shift and try to see if she’s actually down there or not?”
"Dean, we've known each other for less than a week. There are many thing you'll learn to like." Castiel turned Dean's with his finger, bringing their lips close enough that they could easily kiss.
The front door whipped open hard, banging against the wall. Sam spun on his heel and grabbed at the side of his boot as he crouched behind the bathroom door. Dean put himself between the door and Castiel, a firm hand gripping the creatures shoulder.
Dean was crouching over the fire, poking at a cast iron pan filled with bacon and eggs. A shiver visibly ran up his spine as he inhaled sharply through his teeth.
"Oh yeah? Skating, right?" Dean smiled behind his mug. He couldn't stop staring at his friends lips. Visions of last night clouded his memory and realized that someone in the room was talking to him. "What's that?" he asked, looking over to Gabriel.
Dean snorted a laugh and looked down at his jeans. "You mean I'm not covered in grease and dirt?" He lifted his eyes and looked to Castiel who was staring at him.
“Fair enough,” Sam says, obviously thinking of the same memory. “Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?”
“What list?” Castiel asks, tiredly. His stomach is rumbling, and he’s got the beginnings of a headache coming on, but like hell is he risking leaving to go to the buffet or to grab an aspirin right now.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I didn’t know,” Cas said desperately.  “Gabriel said we’d been invited to a coworker’s family gathering.  We don’t have family in town, you see.  I only knew the coworker’s name was ‘Sam.’”
Castiel pushed his shoulder more firmly under Dean’s, helping him take the weight off of his still healing left leg.  He steered him toward the first step.  He locked eyes with Dean.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas said in what Dean imagined was his teacher voice, “if you don’t hurry up and fuck me I will be. Very. Vexed.”
They stared at one another for what felt like minutes.  Dean finally cleared his throat.  “Yeah, our dad was a piece of work too.  Mom died when Sam was four - car crash, and Dad - well, he never really recovered.  He hadn’t been much of a drinker before she died, but after…” Dean trailed off.  “He passed about twelve years ago and then Lisa -” he couldn’t finish.
I was in the field after the battle, doing Death’s calculus - trying to help the medics assess who we could save and who we had to abandon.  He came up behind me.  I drew my sidearm and shot before I even looked.  Oh God.
“What is now, ya idjit?!” Bobby yelled and wheeled himself from under the classic 1975 Caddy he’d been working on.
The Angel turned and showing off delicate gossamer bee wings sewn onto the back of his halter top, he bent completely over, touching his toes. Dean felt his dick stir at the sight. Damn, the guy wasn’t even dancing yet but there was something about the way he moved - like liquid silk. He swooped up into a standing position and removed his beekeeper hat to reveal a black mask and shiny black and gold antenna that caught the light. He peeked over his shoulder and dropped the hat to the ground.
Dean rubbed himself against Cas’s hip and shifted his hands around to cup his ass.  He grabbed Cas’s ass in both hands and lifted, pushing him back up to sit on the counter and crowding between his legs.  He pawed at the goddamn sheet, nearly ripping it to get to Cas’s skin.
Castiel stepped back from his side and glared at Dean.  “Oh I see,” he started. “I was unaware, Dean Winchester, that you went to medical school.  And I was unaware that you spent two months in residency after medical school learning the latest injury rehabilitation techniques with Dr. Bauer of Austria.”  He leaned closer to Dean and whisper-growled:  “You will do the goddamned arm circles because you want to keep using that arm.”
The lights dimmed and the show started to rousing applause from the crowd. Dean snuck peeks at the acts between frantic drink mixing and slinging. Before he knew it, it seemed it was five to midnight.
“Good, you’re both here!” Peg said. “Cas, you can put your coat over there,” Peg said, gesturing toward a set of hooks above a low bench along one wall.
“No, Dean,” Cas said stealing a glance at his face.  “It’s not that I’m not interested...I-I could lose my job,” he finished.  “We aren’t allowed to date our students’ parents.  No matter how much we might like to.”
A familiar beat blared out from the loudspeaker and the crowd let out a united cheer. Ugh, Dean thought to himself, why did it have to be a 90s-themed party? He could deal with the flannel and even the skirts, but he drew the line at ‘The Bomb’ by The Bucketheads.
"I am right where I am supposed to be," the stranger said. And holy crap, what a voice - it sounded like gravel soaked in whisky.
Goddamn he was so hard and it felt so good to have Cas against him. As much as he was enjoying the making out, Dean couldn’t wait. He leaned down and mouthed over Cas’s bare chest, probably covering his own face in glitter, he thought randomly. Dean ran his hands over both of Cas’s hard nipples, pinching them lightly. Cas gasped and Dean sunk to his knees.
“This town needs you, Cas.  We need you, Cas.  I need you, Cas,” Dean continued his voice breaking.  He fell to his knees and cried, covering his face in his hands.
Dean Winchester was the most infuriatingly stubborn man Castiel had ever met.  It had been three weeks since his brother and Sheriff Singer drug him through Castiel’s door.  It felt like a lifetime.  Dean did not enjoy being temporarily disabled, and he did not restrain himself from showing Castiel his displeasure.  He pushed his injured leg’s limits daily and nearly every attempt to put more weight on it than he should ended in him falling and Castiel having to pick him up.  Dean absolutely refused to clean up after himself, although Castiel didn’t see why his leg would prevent him from tidying up a bit.  At the least he could pick up and stack the dishes and books littered around his bed, Castiel reasoned.  He ate like a horse.  A horse with an empty leg.  And he snored.  Dean Winchester snored so loudly that he kept Castiel awake at night despite long days on rounds and the fact that his bedroom was a full floor above Dean’s and on the opposite side of the building.
Dean walked through the door and saw Ben first, sitting opposite Principal Milton who stood when entered.
Castiel shivered despite Dean’s body heat at his back.  Dean stirred at that and tightened his arm around Castiel’s waist.  Dean nuzzled the back of his neck.  He couldn’t help moving closer, stretching his neck to give Dean access.  “Cas,” Dean murmured into the space behind his ear.  Dean moved his hand from Castiel’s waist to his hip.  Castiel gasped when he felt Dean hard and moving against him.  He arched his back, pushing his backside more fully against Dean.  Dean moaned.  Castiel turned in Dean’s arms to face him; he wanted Dean to be awake for this.  He brought his hand to Dean’s neck and stroked his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone.
“Hey!  DeanO, how’s it hanging?!” Gabriel said and slapping Dean on the shoulder, pushed his way passed Dean and into the foyer.
Ack! My bad but the end of this got cut off ; now updated with some important, hopefully funny Dean reactions to their first encounter.
Castiel liked Bobby despite having only exchanged a handful of words with the man.  They often drank coffee at the same time at Harvelle’s and after a few weeks, Bobby started drinking his coffee on the barstool next to Castiel.
Ben nodded. Novak - Castiel - turned to Dean. He extended his hand and before Dean knew what he was doing, his reached out to return the handshake.
Asshole, Dean thought. Who runs INTO traffic? Do people have zero self-preservation skills these days? He shrugged. Dean pulled back onto the road and hoped he wasn’t too late for the meeting.
The sun beat down brutally as Castiel stood alone on the ridge above the dam.  The task of igniting the dynamite had fallen to him.  Castiel checked his pocket watch:  a quarter of eleven.  He was to push the plunger down on the blasting box, igniting the dynamite and blowing the dam on the top of the hour.  Dean, Bobby, Sam, and some of the backup men they’d recruited would drive Alistair and his men from their camp into the bottlenecked canyon at high noon.  By that time the dry bed would have flooded, cutting them off and trapping them.  Ryan and MacLain, two of their new deputies and the best long-range shots, were already in position around the rim of the canyon.
As he entered the door to the party, he paid his cup fee to the sorority girls giggling at his kilt and shrugged, smiling wide and winking at them.  A note of pain made him wince as he brushed his coat over his right wrist.  He soothed his fingers over the rope burn on his wrist, a souvenir from Cas’s “encouragement” session.  Well, he figured, he could put up with a little skirt wearing if it meant making his super hot boyfriend happy.  Because when Cas was happy, Dean was happy.  Exhausted, but happy.  Someone filled his cup with beer and he went to look for Cas.
Dean let out his breath like he’d been punched in the gut. It was one of the hottest things he’d ever seen. He couldn’t stop staring.
“Dean,” Cas started, his voice quiet.  “You are a very bad patient,” Dean smirked and Sam and Bobby laughed softly.  “You didn’t follow your doctor’s orders, you challenged everything I did, and worst of all, you did what patients are not supposed to do - YOU healed me.  You loved me when I thought myself unloveable.  You pulled me from the dark depths of my worst nightmare and you stood by me through it all.  You aren’t just a part of my soul, Dean, you are my soul.  I love you.”
Oh shit, thought Dean. God hates me and this is proof. He recognized the man as the runner he’d nearly side swiped. Dean saw a similar flash of recognition sweep across Angry Bee Man’s features but he just continued into the room, schooling his face back into a blank expression.
“Have a seat,” Cas said gesturing to the chair opposite his desk.  Dean sat down and cleared his throat.
“That might have been my fault,” Cas said while sitting down opposite Dean and next to Jess. “I didn’t realize the game was on the line.”
Dean stood in the hallway outside of Cas’s classroom, shifting his weight from foot to foot and trying not to panic.  Ben was home, thank God, and hopefully wouldn’t pick up on Dean’s weirdness.  He put his hand up to his face and breathed into it, checking and hoping his breath wasn’t disgusting.  He’d raced home after work at the garage, showered, and put on clean clothes - khakis and a button up shirt.  He’d even tucked in the shirt and put on a belt.
Hey folks - mind the warnings update on this one. The story goes where it's gonna go, and sometimes I don't know where it's gonna go, but I'll do my best to make notes and update the tags.
Dean sighed and threw the ball back to Sam.  It was Sunday, his first one off in weeks and he and Ben were over at Sam and Jess’s to watch the game.  Sam drug him outside at halftime and insisted they “work off the beer calories” by throwing the ball around.  Ben stayed inside to catch up on homework.
“Sam - Sam!” Dean called, trying to determine his location.  The man - Hannity - slapped him across the face.
“Dean, I’m gay,” Cas said.  He paused.  “And even if I were...interested in Meg, why does that make you angry?”
Dean looked down and kicked at something invisible on the dirt path.  He swallowed past the lump in his throat and nodded once.
Sam looked at Bobby.  “You can stay with me, kid,” he said.  “That way we both can check on your brother and give Doc here some relief.”
“Are you sure about this, Dean?” Cas asked.  “That’s what I meant earlier about Ben.  I mean I know how I feel, but I am not a father and I don’t know how he will feel about me in his life in a different way.”
When Castiel felt his cock bump the soft palate of the back of Dean’s throat he reached down and threaded his hand through Dean’s hair, gripping a fistful.  Dean moaned around his cock and Castiel had to concentrate not to spend himself right then.  Castiel felt Dean’s hand slide up his chest to his neck until Dean placed two fingers against his bottom lip.  He sucked Dean’s fingers into his mouth and ran his tongue all around them.  Dean moaned again and Castiel felt him pull off.
It was spring in Dodge City and the warmer weather brought trappers to town to trade and sell their wares.  Each day the weather grew warmer and more loud, drunk men, ready to fight or bed anything in their path flooded the city streets. To be honest, some amount of drunken brawling was good for business, but too much was overwhelming. Happily for Castiel and the other residents of Dodge City, local man Bobby Singer had been appointed sheriff earlier that winter and he had managed to keep the trappers from instigating full anarchy.
Gabriel shrugged him off, and pulled a Tootsie Pop out of the inside pocket of his expensive suit. He unwrapped it and then popped it in his mouth.
Castiel dropped his hands to let Dean finish unbuttoning his own shirt.  Dean shrugged out of his suspenders and Castiel helped him get out of the sleeves.  Castiel stood before Dean, his heart pounding as the other man drank in the sight of him bared to the waist.
Dean shook his head and threw Cas a smirk.  He wasn’t thrilled about Meg’s octopus routine, but he did enjoy seeing Cas flustered.
Ben’s shoulders shook. He looked up and met Dean’s eyes before looking back down. “I saw the bills, Dad,” he said, his voice barely audible.
Cas was not a considerate sleeper.  He hogged the blanket, snored, and flailed about randomly, talking in his sleep.  But Dean hadn’t woken up with someone in a long time, and couldn’t help smiling when he realized his sheets were covered in glitter and were going to smell like honeysuckle.  He snuck out of bed and padded barefoot to the kitchen.
“Very Well,” Castiel answered, rolling his eyes.  But if Dean wasn’t mistaken, the color on his cheeks deepened slightly.  Castiel reached out his hand to take the plate from Dean.
“Cas, my leg -” Dean started.  “I think I need to lie down,” he finished, glancing in the direction of Castiel’s bed.
There was a spring in Dean’s step and he was down to one crutch as they traversed the rickety boardwalk.  Dean reached the door first and swung it open, holding it for Castiel.  He winked and smiled at Castiel.  He felt a blush creep up his cheeks at Dean’s open flirting.  He really needed to be more careful, Castiel thought.  He’d have to admonish Dean later.  At that thought, Castiel felt a stirring in his loins he had to mentally will down.
Castiel breathed deeply and tried not to think about what could go wrong.  He refused to take up arms, even to aid Dean, and he wondered for the millionth time if volunteering to blow the dam violated the oaths he’d made to himself.  Too late now, he thought, taking his hat off and wiping the sweat from his brow with the back of his arm.  He glanced over to where Grace waited, hitched to a slim sapling.  She sensed the tension in the air and tossed her head, nickering lowly.  After the detonation, Castiel would ride hard to Ryan’s position along the west side of the Canyon rim.  “Shh...easy girl,” Castiel soothed her and ran his hand down her neck.  She calmed a bit at his touch but her eyes were wide and she scented the air continuously.
Dean looked down at Cas’s hands, clasped in his. He tried to will Cas to feel better, as though he could push calming vibes through his palms and into Cas. Never mind that he didn’t feel calm at all. His emotions were a stomach-churning mix of anxiety, rage, and guilt. He cleared this throat and Cas looked up at him. One look at Cas’s face and the planned words of reassurance died on his tongue.
Cas straightened up and met his eyes, an inch away.  “Don’t hold back.  I want to hear you,” he said and bent to lick and suck at Dean’s nipple.
He licked a stripe up the length of him and then took the tip in his mouth. He sucked at the spot just under the head of Cas’s cock where he knew he was sensitive. Dean used one hand to stroke Cas while fondling his balls with his other. He concentrated on how hard Cas was and the noises Cas was making. God he could probably come just listening to Cas moan, he thought.
Dean couldn’t help the laughter that welled up out of him. He pulled Cas in for one more kiss and hug.
Cas smirked at him.  He took a step closer into Dean’s space and lifted his chin to meet Dean’s gaze.  “Anything.”
Dean straightened up.  “Of course not.  I get it.” He’d expected Cas to say as much but he had to admit a part of him was disappointed.
An hour later Castiel emerged from the back room completely drained.  His patient was stable.  The tall man read the exhaustion on Castiel’s features, a worried expression crossing his face.  “He’s stable.” Castiel said and made for a chair across from the settee with the intent of throwing himself in it.  Before he could do so, however, the found himself wrapped up in the tall man’s embrace.
Dean finished the water, locking eyes with Novak.  The doctor’s eyes were blue, a crystal clear, endless blue like the mountain lakes Dean had ridden past in the Colorado territory.  Dean’s breathing slowed and he felt himself drifting off, falling into endless blue.
Three days and several pain-medication-sleep cycles later, Dean woke to the smell of eggs and bacon.  His mouth watered before he could open his eyes.  He had to admit, the bed rest was helping him heal; his pain had been reduced to a dull throb in the background.  He shifted to as much of a sitting position as he could manage from the cot Doc Novak had set up for him.
Cas blushed.  “Gabriel loves Christmas.”  He lowered his voice and moved closer to Dean.  “I’m working on a new routine.  Although I’m unsure I can pull of the ‘Rudolf the Red-Nosed Reindeer’ costume that Gabriel suggested.”
“It did seem rather…inevitable.” And it was the reason that I didn’t want the older Dean involved in the first place. Back during 2008, 2009, and beyond, I got used to Dean looking at me like I’d disappointed him somehow, but after eight years of messing up in his eyes, I'd hoped never to put that look on his face again. Still, “I didn’t think the issue would come up so soon….”
jobs,” Gabriel said, talking over the actor easily. “Some pranks will get under anyone’s skin—but if you want to make someone spit out their own teeth? You gotta study them from the inside out—find out what makes them want to drink themselves so far under the table they end up in China…
"Anyone gonna fill me in? I can't read minds like you two apparently can." He took a drag and flicked the ash.
"Boy," Bobby tapped the table hard with his fingers, "those two were the happiest couple I ever seen. They were head over heels stupid in love with each other. Didn't matter a damn to them that nothin' turned blue when they touched."
"Yeah, I got that," Dean huffed, pulling himself from his thoughts. He realized he was still shaking Castiels' hand and tore it away, slipping it back into his pocket.
"S'fine, Cas," Dean said nasally. Naomi walked over and placed her hand on the bag of peas and offered her son a soft smile. "Don't go too far, I'd like to speak with you next." She said it calmly but to Cas it felt like a threat. Castiel looked between the two and sighed before stepping out of the kitchen.
“Of course not. He’s pissed at his dad and rightfully so. I’m pissed at myself. I can’t believe I let her get to me like that.” They walked through the castles’ entrance and into the main hall.
It's not fair. Truly, it isn't. Dean walked down the sidewalk towards his favorite bar, watching people pass him by. Most of their marks were visible. Touching hands was the most common way for peoples lives to change forever. Being introduced to someone new, job interviews, or even accidental touches at the grocery store while you're getting your change. This is why Dean always wore gloves. He didn't want or need the universe to tell him who he was supposed to love.
Dean watched in awe as Sam and Bobby came running out of the woods. Sam held a knife to one of the witches holding Ellen while Bobby pulled a gun on the other. Olivette snickered as she looked at Bobby.
"Doesn't mean you don't know where he is." Sam took a step forward and glared at the demon. "I have nothing but time, so we can do this as long as you want."
Shaking out a rag, Dean wipes it across his forehead and blows his nose into it. His arms ache from lifting two-by-fours and water logged ceiling tiles, his skin is on fire from the insulation brushing up against him, and he's covered head to toe in shit he doesn't even want to think about.
He definitely didn’t expect Dean to grab him by the collar of his trench coat and pull him into a desperate kiss.
He was cut off by Gabriel swiftly standing and taking him by the collar of his shirt. He yanked him down and kissed him sloppily, tasting himself on Gabriels’ tongue.
Gabriel nodded. “I remember you telling me I couldn’t ride her anymore because she fell and broke her leg.”
"Have a seat, I just have to take the fries out of the oven." He watched as Dean took a seat at the counter and drummed his fingers on the counter, sniffing the air.
Castiel lifted Dean's chin with a finger and kissed him softly on the lips. "We can talk about that after," he whispered.
Dean watched as the room filled with blue light. He tried to shield his eyes from it as he watched Cassandras body light from the inside out. She turned into a thousand glowing orbs, lighting the wall behind her. Massive wings spread across the kitchen for the second time that night as her raven hair and pink robe turned to ash, whisking away into the air.
Dean shucked his pants down around his knees, fisting his cock with one hand. "Come on, angel. You know you want it." He pulled roughly at the gag and let it fall around Castiels neck.
Gabriel moved out of the way as Sam walked towards the couch and laid his brother down next to Castiel. Dean immediately turned and faced the witch, wrapping his arms around his waist and pulled him flush against his body. Castiel let out a quiet sigh as his body ceased it's trembling before nuzzling his nose into Dean's hair.
A few spellchecks later and Google finally directed him to a Japanese bondage site. He scrolled through pictures of women bound in red silk ropes, which ok, were really hot. He read about the different types of knots and the origins of the styles.
Getting out of bed, he quietly opened his door and listened. Sam was talking to someone on the phone in the war room. He snuck down the hallway, the sounds of Deans yelling became louder and louder until he reached the door. They abruptly stopped as Castiel put his hand on the door handle.
Ellen pressed her lips together trying, and failing, to suppress a smile. "Oh, honey," she whispered as she pulled Dean in for a long hug. She rubbed his back and squeezed him around the shoulders. "I'm so proud'a you."
"Rowena and I are going with Bobby to load up on weapons and supplies. She'll know what we need for tonight. You two gonna be alright for an hour or so?" Sam asked, glancing at Castiel as he rinsed Rowena's mug in the sink.
Dean froze, his eyes glued to the hand on his knee. Shoulder touches and back pats were nothing new. But
Six witches in black robes with their hoods up stood in his backyard. There were smoking craters close to the house, red embers smoldering in the center.
Dean cupped his friends face and shook his head. "S'ok. I uh, I don't know about you, but Cas---I don't mind---"
Dean flopped down into the chair next to his brother and scoffed when Sam smiled around his glass. "Yeah, alright."
He pushed the door open and held his hand out for Castiel to enter. Once Castiel was inside, Zachariah closed the doors behind them, leaving the two alone.
"Wish you'd turn blue," he smiled. He opened the door to his apartment, tossing his keys into a ceramic bowl before heading to the fridge.  He plucked a beer out of the door and popped it open, flicking the cap into the sink.
“Three. And these.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out two shiny brown feathers with black streaks.
"Not bad, Red," Gabriel winked. He looked back to the pair holding each other close on the couch and sighed. "I need a drink."
Dean scowled and chugged half his beer before heading into the living room. His brother was sitting on the couch with his feet propped up on the table.
“Never,” the witch said with a creased brow. He stood and walked towards the door, pushing the curtain out of the way. “Fuck,” he whispered.
“It’s not that easy, man. You don’t get it,” Dean grunted. He hacked his way through the bushes with his machete, ducking out of the way as a branch whipped over his head. “It’s complicated.”
The snow is falling from the night sky and landing softly on the ground outside the bunker while they decorate inside. Dean is reaching up into a corner of the bunker, batting cobwebs out of the way so he can hang a sign that says “Happy New Year!” in gold, glittery writing.
While you were still sleeping. Some of us get up at a decent hour.” Castiel looked down where Dean’s hand was still on his shirt ignoring the skip in his heartbeat. “You said you were ordering pizza?”
He wiped a few stray tears from his eyes and brushed the hair out of his face. "Yeah, Cas. C'mon in."
"It was a hit. The family Ruby works--worked for issued it when he was closing in on their territory. He was ordered to find their Don and take him out." Castiel squeezed Dean's shoulder lightly.
"Yes, Lucifer. Boyfriend. Is it really that strange?" Castiel asked as he brushed past his brother and into the kitchen.
"I see. So you knew him before I left his father?" she asked quietly. Dean only nodded. "I'm assuming you have some opinions on how I left."
Tears sprung from Castiels eyes, his breathing becoming shallow. The pain in his ribs preventing him from taking in air he desperately needed.
Castiel cupped his familiars face and pulled his eyebrows together. “I know you are. So am I. But I have to do this.”
"P-probably as long as I have," Castiel panted. He reached his hand down and curled his fingers around Dean's cock, pumping him a few times. "Better than I ever imagined."
Castiel pushed off the door and plopped down on the bed. "Things will be better with Lucifer once Ruby gets here."
He scratched at the dirt and pecked the dead grass as he waited for his witch to arrive. Movement in the fort caught his attention and he cocked an ear towards it. He heard the same humming as he did in the castle and immediately backed away.
Dean scowled down at Castiel and tightened his grip on the edge of the pool. "Don't you dare," he warned.
Castiel nodded. “I’m going to throw a load of laundry in. Just toss the phone on my bed when you’re done.”
Dean stared at his phone as the bathroom filled with steam. This was real. Really real. Gabriel wasn't fucking with him. He mulled it over as reread the text while biting his fingernails.
Dean wiped away tears that had escaped his eyes without his knowledge and chucked his phone on the floor.
Dean's eyes bulged. "Le--leaving? You're--," he scoffed and his hand over his mouth, "you're joking, right?"
“Hey!” Sam yelled, shaking out his hand. “Fine! You know what—do it yourself.” Sam tossed the strip of gauze on the table and sat back, crossing his arms.
"I was at the gym this morning," he smiled. "There was this girl there---Eileen, and she came up to me and asked if I could spot her." He smiled wide and looked at his brother. "Thanked me and ran her hand across my arm before leaving and---Jesus, Dean," he laughed, "I can't wait for you to meet her. She's really sweet and pretty. My God is she gorgeous."
“Not usually,” Sam chuckled. He held up his bottle and nodded his head. “Well I’m gonna hit the hay guys. G’night. Hope your first New Year as a human will be great, Cas.” He hugged the ex angel and patted his back before shooting his brother a knowing glace and walked out of the room shaking his head.
Dean laughed and coughed raggedly, choking on his own blood. He turned his head to the side and spit on Rowenas shoes before looking his brother in the eyes.
"Well, mother asks me every year so this time I obliged." Castiel opened the fridge and pulled out a beer.
Castiel collided with Dean. Their chests slammed together as Cas wrapped his arms around his friend. Dean dropped the flowers as his hands flew to the side of Castiel’s face.
“Oooh one more, Winchester, and you’ll be takin’ Cassie here to Heaven,” Gabriel cackles as he slaps his thighs. Jo glares at Gabriel and crosses her arms in a huff.
Eileen flopped down in the chair across from the witch and sighed. "What do you think Castiel will do once he realizes what we've done?"
Crowley shook his head and pushed the doors open, taking one last look at Dean before sighing and shutting the doors behind him.
Castiel hummed thoughtfully as he waded his way over to Dean. He watched Dean watch him, smiling when his tail fin floated up to wrap around Dean's ankle. He narrowed his eyes and gave an experimental tug.
They arrived at the pond after lunch. There were people whipping around the rink and others wobbling, desperately trying to hold on to their loved ones so they didn't fall. Dean was pretty sure he was going to be one of them. He followed Castiel to a small shack where they rented skates to people who didn't have their own. Castiel and Gabriel sat on a nearby bench as Dean walked up to rent a pair.
Dean pushed the door open and was bombarded by thumping music and the smell of sweat and alcohol. There were people gathered on the dance floor, writhing to the beat enough to make Dean blush.
Castiel gripped himself in his hand and nudged at Dean's opening. He pressed forward as Castiel leaned in, finally sliding inside. Dean moaned into the table and pressed his forehead against it.
“We—,” Deans heartbeat was rapidly increasing, “we do the job, Cas.” Dean took his shot of whiskey and slid it down on the bar, grabbed his beer and nodded for Castiel to follow him.
"I'm afraid not, Dean," Michelle said as she snuffed out her cigarette. "And after tonight, you're a part of this now."
“I found these,” he starts pulling something out of his pocket, “in the storage room. I thought maybe you could use them for your headphones.
Castiel rolled his eyes as he fixed Dean's collar. "You aren't 'in the mob'," he air quoted which made Dean snort. "We don't call it that."
The demon quickly stuffed a gag in his mouth, pulling his fingers back before Dean had a chance to bite one off.
The skinny black vibrator he almost chickened out and left home. He gripped it tightly as he shoved his pants down and widened his stance. His other hand searched through the bag for a small plastic bottle. Popping the cap, he coated the vibrator and then slicked his cock with the remaining lubricant. Reaching behind himself, Castiel began stroking his cock as he gently coxed the vibrator inside.
“You didn’t feel that?” Castiel turned around in a circle, his eyes darting in every direction. A small gust of wind, barely enough to rustle the dried herbs nearly knocked Castiel to the ground. He bent over, grasping his knees and sucking in deep breaths.
Now Jack is gone. He failed. He failed Jack and Mary and Sam and Dean and most of all himself. The feeling gnawed at him as he drove down the highway without a destination in mind. He needed to get out of there. Away from the guilt and pain and overwhelming sadness of being a failure he felt when he was at the bunker.
As messed up a situation this was, Dean was having a hard time being scared. Or freaked out. Or anything a normal goddamn person would be feeling right now. He was more curios and fucking fascinated by the thing he'd found in his pool. He let his eyes wander as the creature started at him.
Castiel interrupted Dean by pressing forward and kissing him, his hands rising up to cup the back of Dean's neck. His tongue slid across Dean's lips, making him groan in the back of his throat. Dean's hands found Castiel's hips and dug his fingers in, thumbs dipping down under the top of his jeans. Dean's mouth trailed hot, wet kisses down Cas' jaw and neck.
“So,” he rested his hands on his hips. Castiel turned quickly to Dean with a confused expression. “I told you about my parents. Time to hear about yours.”
Dean stood and walked towards the door. He opened it roughly, his knuckles gripping the handle tightly.
Gabriel sucked Sams lower lip in and bit down as he slammed into him. Trailed nips and bites down his neck as he reached up and pulled hard at the base of his neck. He fucked into him deeper with each thrust, pulling Sams hair in time with them.
"Well, come on then. Let's go get your car and take it to the shop." Dean nodded his head towards the door and the man stood quickly. "T-thank you," he nodded to Ellen and followed Dean out the door.
“Well, for one thing, you’re hot as hell.” He nudged her arm and wagged his eyebrows. “Uh,” he cleared his throat, “for real though? You take care’a me. Not like Sammy or mom. But you really take care of me. Help me out when I’m stressed and fallin’ apart. You listen to me even when I don’t make sense. You like my music even though I listen to it too loud and it’s ancient. You get me. It’s easy bein’ with you.”
The familiar looked down to where Castiel was touching his arm. He could feel the witch trembling with nerves.
Dean's eyes watered as he removed his trembling hand. He choked back a sob as he ran his fingers over the blue hand print. He looked up to Castiel who smiled and placed his hand on Deans chest.
“What the hell?” Dean squeaked. He tossed the book down on the bed and stormed out of the room. Something strange was churning in his stomach.
Without turning around, Castiel sighed and lowered his head. “I really thought we were friends, Dean. Out of everyone in my life, I never thought you would do this to me. I thought I lov---” Castiel sniffled before bringing his free hand up to his face. “It doesn’t matter. I’m staying at Charlie’s for a while. Please don’t contact me.”
“Then we’ll go. But Cas,” Dean cupped his witch’s cheek gently. “We’re going to be prepared. You’re strong but I’m afraid she’s stronger. Gabriel is right. We’ll need potions. I’m not going out there without you being protected.”
"You fell asleep in the tub. I carried you to bed," Castiel answered Dean's vague attempt at a question while lifting a silver coffee pot of a cart on the other side of the room. He filled two cups, balancing them in one hand while he carried over a covered tray.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno. Kinda always been able to do stuff like that.” He tossed a few pieces of meat into the pot. “I can make feathers sprout, the claw thing, and I have really fucking good eyesight.” He finished cutting up the meat and threw it into the pot before peeling open another package. “You got anything like that?”
Dean stood there, mouth open and eyes wide as he watched Castiel open the door and walk out into the pouring rain.
"Let him be alone for a while, deary. Let's have a drink and compare spells, shall we?" Rowena smiled softly and nodded for Eileen to sit next to her.
Castiel's hand tightened on Dean's chest as his hips bucked roughly, driving his cock deep into Dean. His teeth grazed down Dean's neck and sunk into his shoulder, muffling his cry as he came in Dean.
Castiel hummed quietly before pulling away. "Dean, please. Please," he whined. "I want to." And who the hell is Dean to deny such a request? Castiel gripped Deans hips hard and lifted his hips up, grinding them against Dean. He licked his way into Dean's mouth hungrily, moaning when he felt Dean hardening against him. He pawed at Deans boxers, shoving them down around his hips.
"Yeah? Is that why there's like three thousand more dollars in my bank account then usual?" Sam chuckled.
A very sexually frustrating drive later, they pulled up to an even more extravagant mansion than the one Castiel lived in. It was a massive and white with giant marble pillars similar to Castiel's but much older. They pulled up to the valet and were given a ticket as they stepped out of the car.
Michelle raised an eyebrow and scoffed at Castiels' gesture. She batted his hand away and leaned in to kiss him on each cheek slowly. "I'm told you came with a date tonight," she accused. She slipped her hand between Cas' waist and arm, reaching behind him. She pulled back a small silver bag and took out a pack of cigarettes.
Obeying, Dean turned and placed his hands on the table, briefly reminding himself that he was going to restore it one day, so a little bodily fluid wasn't a big deal. The sound of Castiel's jeans hitting the floor pulled him from his errant though, as did the feeling of Castiel's thighs brushing against his own. Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean, resting his hand on the man's chest. His other hand traveled down Dean's back and over the swell of his ass and rested on the back of his thighs.
"Sammy what the hell?" He reached over and yanked his brothers wrist towards him. "Where'd you get that?" He was holding a long serrated knife with something engraved into the blade.
"It's alright Dean. It could've happened to anyone." He felt Dean's fingers brush against his arm, causing his skin to tingle where they touched.
"Who, Cain? He's the best. I can't say that he and mom were smart about the way their relationship started, but he's a really good guy." Somehow, Dean believed him, Gabriel didn't seem the type to blow smoke.
Castiel pressed his lips together and nodded. "Zachariah, it's been a while." He shook the mans hand briefly before sticking his hands in his pants pocket.
"Whether he believes it or not, I love him very much Dean." She walked towards the door, facing away from Dean. She turned her head over her shoulder and smirked. "If you hurt him, in any capacity, just know I hit a lot harder than my son does." She left the room leaving Dean stunned in his chair.
"And I love you, Dean," Castiel said before closing the distance and kissing the smile off Dean's mouth. His hand wrapped around Dean's thickening cock and began to pump slowly.
Going into the pool house without Cas being there was strange. Even the crow was hopping around the edge of the pool and eyeing the empty vessel.
A little while later they were all in the dining room when the doorbell rang. Naomi blinked a few times before cocking her head to the side and attempting to stand. Cain patted her hand and smiled.
"I also know alot of wonderful spells to keep your time here absolutely unbearable," the witch smiled. "Samuel, if you'd please."
"You know, that's kinda creepy but also really cool," Dean smirked as he leans against the wall opposite Castiel. He wiggled his fingers in the creatures direction and raised an eyebrow. "Y'know, the eye thing. I never could keep em open while I was underwater." Castiel smiled and sunk back down, keeping his eyes on Dean as the water rose to the middle of his pupil. "Ok well now it's definitely just creepy," Dean laughed and knelt down next to the tub. "So, you couldn't sleep either?"
They pulled up to Naomi's home an hour later, still holding hands. Dean parked next to a shiny silver car that almost made him feel bad about bringing Castiel home in a dirty muscle car. Almost.
They stared at each other for a long minute until Dean gave in. He rolled his eyes and forced a laugh. “Come on man, it’s gettin’ cold.”
“Jesus, Cas. Can you be any louder?” Dean scratched his bare chest and opened a cupboard to retrieve a mug.
just say you were picking up extra shifts." He smiled wide as Dean tossed his hand away and slunk deep into his chair.
Castiel moaned and gripped the back of Dean's neck hard, his hips grinding against his friends thigh.
No one came into the shop while it was raining and he couldn’t really blame them. Lugging a guitar case and whatever other instrument they needed help with into his music shop was a bitch on a normal day. So coming in when there’s a proverbial hurricane outside? No dice.
Dean dropped the piece of dead fin on the floor and sunk his hands into the water, pulling gently at the rest. To Dean's horror, it came off easily, leaving Castiel with no fin and the blunt end of a tail. He dragged his eyes up Castiel's body to his blue eyes and did the most reasonable thing he could think of--he slid over the side of the tub and straddled Castiel's tail, avoiding actually sitting on it. He slid his hands up Castiel's thighs carefully, inspecting every flaky scale and thin sheen of skin covering muscle.
Bobby rolled his eyes and pushed off the porch to stand and stretch his back. "Better start believing in more than just Bigfoot if you're gonna live around these parts," he muttered.
“I wondered how long it would take you.” She looked behind her at the fort and sighed. “We always did love playing here, didn’t we Castiel?”
“Yeah, we all know where you live. High on the mountains, looking down at everyone else,” Sam sneered, never looking away from Castiel. “Can you stop touching my brother?” His jaw clenched as he stared at Castiel.
“Dean,” Castiel gasped, his eyes now flaming. “We should—o-o-oh,” he moaned as Dean’s hand slipped lower, now grazing his hardening cock.
Dean knelt down and took the mans face in his free hand, squeezing roughly on both cheeks. "Nine more to go before I start working on other parts of your body."
"Here goes nothin'." Dean scrawls his name across the paper, effectively taking responsibility of the heap his standing in.
Dean watched as the man looked back at Castiel before taking off like a rocket, running directly towards their car. He was approaching the car fast, and without thinking, Dean kicked open his door, slamming it into the mans chest and knees. He fell face first to the ground groaning, reaching for something behind his back. Dean jumped out of the car and stomped on the mans back, holding him down.
“I got you, Cas,” Dean promised. He tightened his grip and stroked harder now, biting and licking the witch’s skin anywhere he could.
Dean dressed in silence after dying off in the changing room. His mind was racing as he yanked his shirt over his head.
"It's a true bond," Charlie said, her voice breaking. She hooked an arm around Sam and smiled up at him.
"Actually," she pressed her lips together and shifted the bag, "I was going to thank you." Dean's eyes widened and he winced immediately at the pain. "As you so eloquently but it, Lucy is a dick. He's my son and I love him, but we do not tolerate that kind of hateful talk in this family."
"Not cocky. Confident," Dean said darkly, wrapping his fingers around Cas' tie. "I can do this, Cas. I'm not afraid."
“Free will, asshat. That’s why.” Dean turned and jerked the door open before turning his head over his shoulder. “I’ll see you on the battlefield.”
Everyone talked the night away under the twinkling lights that hung from the ceiling. Kali video called Gabriel a few minutes before midnight so she could say hello to everyone and be with her husband as the ball dropped.
"Dean," Castiel warned in growl, rutting once into the mans hand. He pulled back with a strained grunt and gently removed Dean's hand from his lap. His eyes were wild and almost black as he licked his spit slicked lips. "As much as I'd like to---," he shook his head, trying to regain any semblance of brain function.
He frowned, pinching his eyes together, trying to savor the few moments between sleep and being awake. He shoved his arm under the pillow and buried his face into the silk pillow case, sighing as something soft ran up and down his back.
A ball of fire burst from his chest and slammed into his sister. She was blasted backwards and landed in the fort and Castiel watched as it crumbled to the ground. He stalked forward and watched his sister struggle to stand. He grunted and shot another ball towards her. She cried out as it hit her and shook as the lightning crashed overhead.
Every flashy smile is a "Thanks Cas". Every time they stare into each others eyes is a "I need you". Every hug is a "I missed you so fucking much." And every thing Dean does for Cas is a big fat "I love you".
Dean raised an eyebrow as he stuffed the charger in the backseat. "Lemmie guess, you got a tooth brush and a travel size deodorant in there too?" He reached over and poked Cas' trench coat pocket.
Dean wheezed and coughed, finally dislodging the chips. "No," he said hoarsely. "Didn't get a number."
Dean stared at the embroidered flowers on the blanket and scratched at a pedal. "Do you---you remember that time we took our tent out to the woods and a big snow storm hit?" He turned his head enough to see his friend nod. "Remember," he cleared his throat, "remember when it got so cold you couldn't feel your fingers and I suggested---" He felt the bed shift and a heavy arm wrapped around his chest, tugging him close. Dean bit back a smile, knowing he didn't need to keep retelling the tale of the time he and Cas huddled in the flimsy popup tent so they didn't freeze to death. He felt Castiel's nose brush his shoulder and his leg wiggle its way between his own.
He got out of the car and walked towards the man with his gun held behind his back, approaching him with a wave and a smile. Dean couldn't tell what they were saying but it seemed as if Castiel was asking him for directions. Cas hooked his thumb over his shoulder and asked a question, tilting his head to the side. The man shook his head and pointed the other way with a smile. Castiel nodded and reached out his hand. When he took it, Castiel yanked him in close, pointing the gun at the mans stomach. Castiel's eyebrows lowered as he spoke, tugging the man roughly again. The man nodded shakily as Castiel shoved him forward, pointing towards the alley.
“Cassandra? Babe, where are y—Oh, hey guys. M’I interrupting somethin’?” Dean tiredly rubbed his eyes and walked over to kiss Cassandra on the cheek.
be taken care of, financially, until he can support himself. I won't hear another word about it. Understood?"
"He's fine, Cas. Just bein' an ass." He turned and faced the angel. "Uh, Cas, I wanna t-talk to you. About somethin' if that's ok."
Castiel had missed out on a lot of crucial human events during is life. Sure, he was thousands of years old, but being an angel didn’t mean he participated in things like birthdays or holidays. And that was just unacceptable to Dean. Now that Cas was human he was making damn sure Cas was involved with everything human.
"My friend Charlie. She works at a coffee shop near your garage." He crossed his ankle over his knee and lounged on the sofa.
The man lifted his head slowly. "Damage is already done. It won't matter if you kill me." He turned to Dean and faked a pout. "Poor baby boy, you have no idea what you've gotten yourself into." He turned to Castiel and squared his shoulders, lungs sucking in their last breaths. "Make it quick," he hissed to Castiel.
“No. No, no, no!” Castiel shouted. He walked up to his father and looked down at him. “She’s been locked up her whole life. She’s lonely and scared. And if she’s half as powerful as you say she is, she’ll wipe them out with a flick of her wrist. Are you willing to sacrifice your whole army to try and kill your daughter?” Castiel turned to his familiar. “Dean and I will go alone.”
“What is it?” Dean rushed over and looked past the moss to see six men in full armor on white horses. One held a flag that had a large silver cross in the middle with a snarling wolf on either side.
Dean cleared the books out of the way as Ellen brought his plate over. "So what's this gotta do with me?"
Dean raised his chin and smiled. "John Winchesters son, Dean." Alfie visibly swallowed hard, his Adam's apple twitching. "So, we gonna do this the easy way and answer our questions," Dean bent down and stared at the man, "or we gonna do this the hard way?"
"What. Is that THING. In MY POOL." Dean slapped his palms down on the counter that was covered with taped down business cards and fliers.
Castiel turned and raised an eyebrow, a smirk pulling at his lips. "We'll need to fix that then, won't we?" he asked, handing him a pistol.
Dean looked up at his brother. “You aren’t staying? There’s gotta be at least ten extra rooms here.”
Castiel was pacing his room, phone held tight in his hand. He raised a hand in Dean’s direction. “Not now,” he all but hissed. He raked a hand through his hair and stared down at his phone.
Climbing out of the car, he flattened his hands on his chest, straightening his clothes nervously. He took the steps that led to the front door two at a time and rang the doorbell. He stuffed his hands in his jacket pockets and shifted from one foot to the other anxiously.
Dean’s eyes shot to his door, chucking the phone on the bed before running across the apartment. He banged on Cas’ door in a panic.
“You’re wiping Gabriel’s spit off your face before I even come near you,” Dean warns with cigarette held tightly between his fingers. He watches as Ruby wipes the back of her hand across her lips and leans in, puckering her lips. Dean grunts and shakes his head, leaning in to briefly peck her lips before recoiling. “Jesus, you smell like a liquor store dumpster.” The crowd laughs and tosses popcorn at him as he picks up the bottle.
“That—,” he sighed heavily and licked his lips. “That feels very good.” He felt his chest spark and tightened his grip.
The townspeople started filtering out around midnight. They congratulated Dean and Castiel on their bonding and wished them well before returning to their homes.
"And I was lacrosse captain for four. In college," a voice said from the doorway. Lucifer was leaning against the door frame and scowling at Dean. Dean raised his mug in a salute. "I'm surprised you've even been to a sporting event, Castiel. It doesn't seem like something you'd enjoy, or did you just like the view?"
"I hope the next time we see each other you don't have a bullet in your brain. Think about what I said," he turned his head over his shoulder, "and watch your back, Dick."
Castiel nodded as Dean hiked his collar up and stepped out into the rain. He reached blindly behind himself until he felt the slick fabric of Dean's overnight bag. He pulled it up onto his lap and ran his fingers down the zipper. Dean had used this bag for as long as he could remember for their sleep overs and road trips. The faded camouflage bag had been repaired many times by Castiel himself. He smiled at the memory of him trying to teach Dean how to sew.
"No. No-no-no-no. My dad was a mechanic. He---he fixed fucking cars for a living," Dean shouted. "He was a piece of shit father who left my mom and his son's to fend for themselves. Sam was a fucking
He tightened his grip around Castiel’s arm slightly before pushing off and flying into the air. He flapped up towards the chandeliers and swooped down to the witch before he soared out the doors.
"Whatever, bitch." Dean jiggles his leg anxiously under the table, watching Cas leaf through a book in the other room.
Movement in the hedges caught the corner of his eye. He gripped Castiel by his pants and pulled himself upright, looking off into the patch of woods across the lawn. In the treeline stood a tall figure, the flames from Michelle's car flickering off his face.
Chuck sighed and reached over to grab a cup off the table. He drank it all in one large gulp before clearing his throat.
Castiel shook his head and said the first thing that came to mind. “I uh–I have no idea what that,” he waved a hand towards the door, “spell is.” He let out a heavy breath as he walked over to the makeshift kitchen and pulled a jar from the cupboard. He fidgeted with the top, his hand shaking as he tried to pull the lid off.
Dean watched the blade intently as it slid down the angels neck to his chest, pressing it hard above his left nipple.
"Fuck Michelle," he laughed. "That bitch can rot in hell for all I care. There's a new Capo in town and it's not that slut."
Dean leaned in closer, giving in to the force between them. He watched as the witch’s eyes sparked to life and began to glow a beautiful shade of orange. It swirled in his iris and spread until there was only a hint of blue around the edges.
Castiel's breath caught in his throat as he worked his slick hand over his cock. He kissed Dean deeply as he pushed slowly inside, giving Dean time to adjust.
"Knew it," Dean chuckled. He started the engine and put the car in reverse. Reaching his arm along the bench seats, Dean craned his head over his shoulder as he backed out of Cas' driveway. From this angle Castiel could see the sharp jut of Dean's jawline and the dark stubble covering it. His fingers ached to reach out and touch it, spurring him to shove his balled fists in his pockets.
“Fuck, Cas I never thought I’d see you again,” Dean whispered, nuzzling his face into the angels shoulder.
"As I said, old school. We're named after angels and she figured since Lucifer was God's favorite, he would be too. Turns out she was right." He sighed and drew a stick figure man on the window. "He owns one of the biggest casinos in Niagara. He's also the biggest homophobe I've ever met."
“We need to find her immediately,” Castiel said as he turned to his father. “Where would she have gone?”
Dean shook his hand and laughed. "I don't know about that," he looked over to Castiel and ran a hand through his friends hair, "Cas here is pretty gorgeous." Castiel blushed from his neck to the tips of his ears.
"Not this time, mamma. She's in Brazil photographing some newly found animal." He leaned towards Dean and lowered his voice. "She's a photographer. Her pictures get published in National Geographic but
Dean descended the rickety stairs and walked to the fridge, pulling it open harder than necessary to grab a midnight
Sam stared at his brother for a long moment before rolling his eyes. "Your life is so fucking weird," he muttered before walking down the porch and towards the pool house.
Dean held his breath and watched the creature watch him. After the worlds longest staring contest (about one full minute), Dean did what any rational person in this
“How ‘bout this, whenever we go on a hunt, I’ll bring you back a doggy bag. Whatd’ya like? Demons. Vamps?” He wiggled his fingers through the cage, feeling the hell hound happily lick at them. “Oooh, what about a nice, juicy ghoul?”
Gabriel relinquished his hold before dropping down to his little brothers eye level. “You will one day, I promise Cas. You’re still real little, yeah? Remember when I was your age and I accidentally set the tent on fire at the Summer Solstice?”
Castiel nodded quickly. “I do. Yes,” he hissed when Dean’s fingers lightly stroked the head of his cock. “But I’ve never—” The breath punched from his lungs as Dean gripped him tight and slid his thumb over the witch’s slit.
Castiel stood and crossed the room, picking his jacket off the back of a chair. "Michelle has already advised him not to trust Alistair but he won't hear of it. He's been with Dick for many years and doesn't believe he'd do anything to hurt the family," he sighed as he buttoned his suit coat.
“Dean, I understand how they work,” Castiel nodded. “I’ll watch over you. Just, maybe don’t kiss anyone while were here. That’s usually how they infect their prey.” The angel offered a small smile.
“I know what you mean.” He lifted the sleeping cat to his chest and stood from his chair. “I think we should get going.”
“Merry Christmas to me,” Gabriel whistled. He looked up through his lashes at Sam as he reached forward, snapping the button on his jeans. “You sure ab–”
"Cas," he whispered before his lips were captured by Castiel's. He sucked them roughly, tightening his grip on Dean's cock. Dean grunted as his hands flew up to grip the sides of Cas' head, fingers roughly tugging his thick hair.
Shifting on his feet Dean tilted the angels chin up with the blade. “This ain’t over. Not by a long shot.”
They kissed for a few moments, between smiles and light laughter. Dean's arms snaked around the angels waist as he sighed, pulling away gently to rest his forehead against Cas' shoulder.
Dean drummed his fingers on the arm of the chair. Dicks' receptionist let him into the office about twenty minutes ago, claiming he was already in a meeting. Muffled voices and forced laughter drifted from one of the rooms in the hallway as Dean pulled a cigarette out of his shirt pocket. He flicked his lighter just as the doors of the office swung open.
Sam snorted. “You remember last time you said that? A witch hexed you and wanted to steal the Book Of The Damned. AND the Impala.” He narrowed his eyes. “Do I need to test you?”
Crowley swirled his crystal glass in one hand. "I haven't the foggiest. Now," he gestured to the devils trap at his feet, "do you mind? Ed isn't a patient man."
"And I haven't heard a thing about you," Lucifer accused. "So, Dean," he let go of Dean's hand and looked between him and his brother, "what do you do for a living?"
Dean sat with his feet perched on an old table in the library as he watched Castiel clumsily read Latin words aloud.
Castiel sighed heavily as he bent forward, folding himself onto Dean and stuffed two fingers in Dean's mouth, gripping his chin tight with his thumb. He sucked immediately, twisting his tongue around them. Castiel shoved them in deeper, teasing the back of his throat. He ripped them out, feeling Dean's teeth scrape across them. He tightened his grip on Deans bent arm as he slid his slick fingers between the mans cheeks, teasing at his hole.
He heard footsteps in the kitchen and his heart started racing. They rounded the corner and into the dining room, stopping just inside the room.
Dean located his little cup of heaven and took a sip. Three cream, two sugars, just the way he liked it. He smiled when he spotted a pastry bag next to the TV. He ripped it open and found a pink frosted donut. A giant grin spread across his face as he stuffed half of it in his mouth. He finished his breakfast and sat at the table, legs jiggling underneath.
Cas is his best friend. His go-to guy for help. Cas is the reason Dean is even topside. The reason Dean has a body to walk the Earth. The reason his soul wasn't left in the pit. Cas is literally the reason Dean is alive today.
Dean sighed, his mouth frowning. "Cas, I'm sorry for how shit went down. I just---I fucking love you so much," He cupped the angels face and pulled him in close, resting his forehead against the Cas', "I couldn't be without you. I need you, baby. You love me too, right?" His thumb traced the angels lower lip carefully.
Dean tossed the rag in the sink and stuffed his hands in his pockets as he faced Castiel. “It’s fine,” he shrugged.
Castiel licked and sucked at Dean's neck, driving into him wildly as he jerked his cock quickly. "Come, Dean. Come for me," he whispered into the other man's ear before sinking his teeth into the soft flesh there.
Castiel closed his mouth, tongue flicking the slit just like Dean told him to countless times before. He'd learned what Dean liked over the weeks he'd been chained up in the dungeon and implemented them.
"Hunted," Bobby corrected. "We're retired. Not many hunters can say that, but we got out a while ago and moved here."
“Yeah, can we talk about that for a minute?” Gabriel interjected. He looked to Sam and took a deep breath. “Cas has never—” his eyes flicked to his brother for a moment. “Cas is a shit witch ok? I’m sorry, Cassie, but you know it. I know it. He’s never been able to make an actual potion, let alone making one without a step by step guide from a gimoire. And the fire is
Castiel gripped the counter top, his arms spread behind him as he rested against it. “All I’m saying is clean up after yourself.”
Redhead squared his shoulders and raised his chin. “Carved his insides up nice ‘n good. What’re you gonna do about it Winchester,” the demon spat.
Fire and smoke rose from the bowl. Crowley dropped his glass and fell to the ground. He cried out in pain, scratching at his skin feverishly.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel climbed into his car with a smile on his face. Dean waited for his car to pull up and got in, hearing the gates screech closed behind him.
“That’s nothin’.” Dean crossed his arms and grinned. “Show them the goods, Cas,” he said with a wink.
"You too, ma'am. It's nice to finally put a face to the name." He looked around the room and then to Castiel. "I should bring our bags in. I'll be right back, babe." He stepped close to Castiel and wrapped an arm loosely around his waist before kissing him on the cheek.
Dean furrowed his brows and looked down at their hands, almost missing the lights that used to dance across Cas' skin. "Why me?" he asked quietly.
Dean frowned and walked up behind Castiel, wrapping his arms around him. "M'comin' back, you know. I'll be alright," Dean muttered between the other man's shoulder blades. He felt Castiel take a deep breath and let it out slowly.
Dean threw his head back against the tile on the pool wall. "What the hell, Sammy? Little busy here if ya can't tell!"
"Ok. So," he pointed to Castiel, "not a mermaid anymore. Dunno how that happened, but you," he pointed to Rowena, "are a 'good' witch and can tell me how Cas grew legs overnight?"
The sound of Deans alarm blaring upstairs startled them both. Castiel shot back causing water to slosh over the side of the tub. The creature hung his head and avoided Dean's wide eyes.
His heart was heavy and his eyes brimmed with tears. He mentally kicked himself for thinking something this stupid would work. He expected Dean to hate him. He expected Sam to be angry with him for quite a while.
“Castiel!” Gabriel tightened his grip on his brothers shoulders. “Do you understand how ridiculous you sounded just now? And how in hell did you know how to do
Dean found Sam standing in the dining room. He was leaned up against the counter top with his arms crossed staring daggers at the closed door behind his brother.
“What the fuck? No! God it’s nothing like that! I didn’t know it was Cas when we started talking. He insisted on no names or faces. I didn’t know until last night when he asked me to put my number in his new work phone.”
“Here,” Castiel reaches out and carefully spreads the bandage over the tiny cut above Deans right eyebrow. “I’m sorry you’re having a bad day, Dean.”
The song was interrupted by loud applause. Much to Dean's dismay, Castiel let go of his hand and turned to the staircase. He joined in the applause as everyone watched Michelle descend the stairs slowly. She nodded to random people with a smile on her face. A waiter handed her a champagne flute before she turned to address the crowd.
Castiel smiled and rolled his head so he was facing Dean. “That’s an understatement. When I was ten he turned my fingers into snakes for a day because he thought I ate his pudding.”
Castiel’s heart slammed against his chest at the word ‘yet’. He cleared his throat and turned to Dean. “There are many similarities to a wedding and coalescence ceremony, but it isn’t recognized by the state. It’s not a legality, more like a civil union. Are you alright with that?”
Sam tsked and smiled. “See, now you’re smarter than your friend here,” he nodded to the ground where the still bleeding demon was laying, it’s intestines sprawling across the floor. “At least you had the sense to try and get away. Too bad it didn’t fuckin’ work though, huh?”
Castiel let his grip slide from Dean's thigh, leaving behind a perfect watery hand print. Sam knelt down next to his brother and reached out his hand with a smile. "It's nice to meet you, Castiel." Castiel frowned as he shook Sam's hand, his eyes darting back and forth between the brothers. "Hey, it's ok, man," Sam reassured, "I uh, I feel kinda responsible for all that," he waved his hand towards the house. "Shouldn't have startled you like that. Sorry for those, too," Sam frowned, pointing at the bruises on Cas' collar bone.
Rowena rested her elbows on the table and leaned in closer to Dean. "You walked through warding no one on Earth should be able to. Castiel
talk to him," Dean growled. "He's not your concern." He looked around the room with a grin. "Is this my coming home party? Aww, Sammy, you shouldn't have."
There was a thud next to Castiel and he jerked back, whipping his head to the side. He instantly rolled his eyes.
Dean gestured towards the rubble around him. "Little busy here, Sam," Dean breathed out. "What's he want?" He groaned as he pulled himself to his feet.
Dean pulled away and scowled. "Sorry lady, I don't pay." He picked up his beer and was about to leave when the woman grabbed his arm.
The old man huffed and turned his head over his shoulder. Ellen was crouched down by Castiel and smiling.
Dean let himself be lead down a long corridor lit with torches. Large portraits hung from the walls depicting the Novak family. Dean stopped in front of one of the smaller paintings and pointed to a small black haired boy.
"Thank you, Bal. I'm sure they're beautiful as always." He took the suits and leaned in, letting the tailor kiss him on each cheek. "Coming, Dean?"
Jo gets up on her knees, effectively sticking her ass in Dean’s face and leans forward towards the center of the circle to spin the glass bottle. She watches as it slows to a stop and lands on Gabriel.
Castiel sighed, rubbing Dean's shoulders lightly. "Let's not think about it anymore tonight. Michelle is coming over for dinner and drinks in a few hours and there's something very important I need to do before she gets here."
"Dean," Castiel groaned. "What did you talk ab---" Before he could finish he was hit in the side of the head with a snowball. "Damn it, Gabriel!" he shouted, rubbing his head.
Dean shook his head and stared down into his almost empty mug. "Sorry. Fuck. Sorry, Ellen. I'm just freaked the fuck out, alright? I thought the worst of my problems was a hole in the roof and a dead raccoon in the pool house. Never thought I'd be dealin' with---"
Gabriel squeezed Sams waist before he rounded the man and lifted himself up on the counter. “If you had a sweet tooth you could’a just came to me. You know I got the hookup,” he winked.
“Maybe it’s the bottle of wine you drank,” Dean chuckled. “Don’t worry, I won’t hold it against you. I know I’m cute,” he winked.
"Naughty little angel," Dean whispered. "You gonna be a good boy and let your demon fuck you while he's strapped to a bed?"
"You should--," Castiel's eyes flashed towards the bed, "let's get you into the bed. There are more blankets and I'm sure it's far more comfortable than the chair."
Sam lowered his hand to a metal bowl on the table filled with herbs and bones. With a sharp flick of her wrist, Rowena sliced open Sams palm and held it, letting it drip into the bowl.
“Dean, I don’t understand,” Castiel grumbles as he holds a rung of the ladder as Dean instructed. “You’re just going to have to take these decorations down in the morning. Why are we putting them up in the first place?”
Ruby glanced over to her husband who was scowling at their small group. She raised an eyebrow at Lucifer and he immediately looked away, suddenly very interested in his mothers conversation.
He finally looked at Castiel and frowned. "Yeah. M'fine, Cas." He looked where Lucifer was laying in the snow, groaning and holding his face. He spit a mouthful of blood in his direction before Castiel ushered him away.
He stood there with his mouth open and eyes bulging, doing his best impression of a dead fish. "N-no. No, I'm not ready, Cas. The hell was that all about?"
Dick licked his lips as his eyes widened. "Yes, I hear you're quite the artist with an ice pick." He held out his hand towards the table. "Have a seat, we'll get this meeting officially started. I'm sure we all have other places we'd like to be."
Naomi's mouth popped open and closed a few times before she composed herself. "That's just not true. Yes, I'm harder on Castiel, but that's because I see so much of his father in him. He was laid back and was constantly changing jobs. I was raised to to go college and make something of yourself, and that was instilled in Lucifer more than his brother." They began skating again and Naomi was quiet for a moment. "I knew from an early age that Castiel wasn't cut out for that life, which is why I was more than happy to loan him the money for the bakery." She shook her head as they rounded the corner. "I just don't know where I went wrong with Lucifer. He's so---"
Dean woke up to his alarm blaring at him. He patted around blindly until his hand found his phone and shut it off. He sat up, rubbing his face roughly. Picking up his phone, he squinted at the time.
"Let's get your coat off. It's just keeping you cold." He shucked off his own coats and shivered as the cold air hit. He tugged on the sleeve of Dean's jacket, managing to get it off with minimal help from the man.
Sam drew his hand to his hip and popped a button on his belt. He pulled out a silver blade and held it tight. “We’ll see.”
"No," Dean backed away. "No. You're wrong. That's not---," he shook his head and pointed to the picture of his dad in the Impala.
Dean’s chest heaved as Castiel stared through him. Without thinking, he reached up and gripped Cas’ arm, yanking it down and holding it against his side. They were chest to chest, breathing each other's air. Dean could feel the warmth coming off his roommate and opened his mouth to say something just as there was a knock at the door.
Castiel leaned in close enough that Dean could feel his breath on his cheek. His friends stubble raked across his ear which made his heart hammer in his chest.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but I thought you were the one who liked things up your ass? I’m more of a top, myself.” Castiel watched Dean’s eyes widen before he let go of the counter and took a step forward. He backed Dean against the wall and braced a hand against it, blocking his roommate in. “What’s the matter Dean? No witty retort?”
"Cas look! Star Trek," Dean beamed from the foot of the bed. Castiel sat down at the head of the bed and squinted at the TV.
Working on a house that is literally falling down around you while there's a fucking merman in your pool is next to impossible.
Chuck raised a hand in his direction. “It’s horrible, but some gifted children do those things. They-they—they want to know everything and go to lengths to learn. We thought that’s what it was until we found her familiar.”
Castiel eyebrows shot up as he raised a hand in the air and shook his head quickly. Michelle slowly rose from her seat and braced herself on the desk, leaning in towards the men. "I'd mind my tone if I were you, boy."
When he get’s home, all he wants to do is drink his coffee in peace, and maybe shove his headphones on and blare Zeppelin.
Dean dropped the sledge hammer on the floor, his chest and arms burning with overexertion. He let himself fall to his knees, palms blistering against his thighs. He needed a shower. He needed a fucking beer. He needed---
Castiel looked back to Dean who sighed and rolled out of bed. Frustratingly running a hand through his hair, he swung his legs over the side of the bed and hung his head.
"Perhaps we should take this somewhere else. Michelle will need to know the job is done, and you'll need to speak with her as well. Come," he held out his hand for Dean to take.
"So let me get this straight- the witches cursed Cas, the spell broke because Dean showed up, and now they're back to finish the job?"
Dean glanced down at him. "Y'ok, Cas?" Castiel looked up into Deans eyes which was a huge mistake. He barely felt the car stop as Dean shifted into drive without looking. "Cas?"
Dean shook his head and reached to turn the heat up. "Should'a said somethin', man." He cranked the heat and smiled wide at Castiel. "Can't have my sweetie gettin' chilly, can I?"
Her amber eyes glanced up and winked once before lifting her head. The orange cat started licking at her paw delicately.
“About that,” Sam winced. “Look, Dean, it’s young. Barely even 4 months old. It would’ve DIED if I didn’t–”
Castiel quickly walked across the room and pulled his mother in, hugging her tightly like he used to when she was getting ready to leave for a business trip. He felt like a three year old all over again as he cried into her shoulder, gripping her around the waist.
"No one's---," Dean shook his head and cleared his throat, "besides my parents and my brother, no one's touched me in a long time," he whispered.
"We'll figure it out. Hey," Dean pulled Castiel's chin back up when he hung his head. He kissed Cas' frown and offered him a small smile. "I promise. You 'n me, alright?" Castiel nodded weakly. "I'm gonna go pack up a few things at my place. Why don't you take a shower while I'm gone and I'll be back in a bit." Dean cupped Castiel's face and kissed him softly before walking out of the room.
Castiel turned away from the bookshelf when he heard Naomi's heels clicking down the hallway. She walked into the room slowly, hands clasped in front of her.
“Really Charlie?” Sam crossed his arms and leaned against a wooden post as he watched his familiar drink her fill.
"I got ya, Cas," Dean promised, immediately stroking him and rocking his hips into him. He felt Castiel slip his hand under his boxers, carefully gripping his cock. "You ain't gonna hurt me, Cas." Dean growled, jerking his hips forward. "C'mon, baby." Capturing Castiel's lips in another kiss, they stroked each other quickly, groaning and panting into each others mouths.
She turned to face the group, wringing her hands. "As you all know, this is where the coven took Castiel's family away from him. I know it pains you to be here." Pulling her eyebrows together and frowning, she looked at Castiel with guilt in her eyes. "I can feel the dread in your heart. But this is something that must be done, Castiel."
"Dean," Castiel whispered, his low gravely voice rumbled off Deans chest. He tightened his grip in Deans hair and tugged gently, pulling a groan from the other man.
Instead of his old trench coat, Cas was wearing dark blue jeans that hugged his body in ALL the right places and had borrowed one of Deans’ old Rolling Stones t-shirts. The black cotton barely contained the massive biceps Cas had been hiding God knows where. His hair was looked like he just rolled out of bed but somehow was still sexy as hell.
“All the more reason to be prepared,” Gabriel said. “We’re going to need potions an–and people. The more power the better.”
“I can,” Dean offered instantly, inwardly kicking his familiar for jumping to help the witch. “I mean, uh, I can make something, y’know, simple. I cook for Sam and Charlie all the time.”
"It seems," Castiel growled while watching his fingers pump in and out, "you need to be taught your place." He scissored his fingers, making Dean twitch and lift off the table. Castiel slammed him back down by his twisted arm. "You may be part of this now, Dean, but you are far from privileged."
"Gabriel," Cain warned. "Don't worry, Dean. I'm sure you'll do just fine. We're never out there for very long anyway. Someone gets too cold or bored or starts a snowball fight." He raised an eyebrow at Gabriel who snickered.
Gabriel wriggled with excitement on the bed. “‘Bout damn time. These fucks really did a number on me.”
? I'm gonna stay for a while and help out, man! Looks like you're gonna need it." Sam made his way half up the porch before Dean shot into motion and followed his brother. He rounded on Sam and slammed his back against the door, trying to lean against it casually. Sweat gathered at his hairline and he reached back to rub his neck nervously.
"It's not surprising really," Sam mumbled around a strawberry. "When we were kids he had a crush on Cheetara."
“I don’t feel well either,” Dean groaned, curling in on himself. “I think—fuck, Sammy something’s wrong.”
"Oh please," Gabriel snorted, grabbing a bottle of peach Schnapps off the counter before rounding the bar. "You bat those pretty little lashes and you're rolling in it."
The next day when Dean finally emerged from his bedroom, Cas was sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal. He glanced up and nodded his head before returning his attention to his bowl.
"Kinda regretting it now if this is how the rest of the town is gonna be, but yeah. I did. There a problem with that?" Dean crossed his arms and stared Bobby defiantly.
"My room," Castiel explained. He pulled off his suit coat and popped the buttons of his shirt. Dean stood there unmoving, taking in his surroundings. He watched as Castiel removed the gun from the back of his pants and laid it on the bedside table. Castiel looked over his shoulder at the statue of a man behind him and sighed.
Ten days after Castiel left, Dean was laying on the couch watching National Geographic when his phone buzzed.
Dean smirked and nudged Cas with his foot. A shiver rushed through him, making him pull the blanket closer.
Castiel nodded and took a long drag before handing it to Dean. He took it as he watched Cas' face contort.
Castiel lifted his head and stared at the heads. He whipped his head towards Gabriel with a shocked expression.
Dean watched as the slick shirt moved with the towel. For the second time in five minutes he was sure he saw something under the mans shirt.
Castiel licked his lips and squeezed the back of his familiars neck gently. “Are you alright?” he asked quietly.
He removed his fingers and stroked his cock, sliding it against Sams hole. He pushed in slowly, inch by inch, feeling the Sams tight heat surround him.
The angel stared back at him, unwavering for a few moments before he raised his hand and laid it over Deans.
“Uh, the siren,” Dean tried to hide the tremble in his voice, “they go after people who’re—like—they make them wanna kill someone they—fuck,” he shook his head, looking straight ahead.
"How did--," he looked up at Castiel, "why the fuck do you have pictures of my dad." He shoved the folder away and stood quickly, the chair scraping loudly across the floor.
"Yeah, yeah. The Little Mermaid is a real girl now," Dean huffed. "Can we get back to the real problem here? Where did they take Ellen? Is she hurt? Where's Bobby?"
Castiel swallowed hard and gripped his towel tight. “Oh I can, just not with cash,” he said, playing along.
Dean scooted closer to the witch when he felt a pang of sadness ripple through his chest. “That’s awful, Cas. How did she die? You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
The bunkers door swung open a few hours later. Sam greeted Eileen at the bottom of the stairs. She dropped her bags just in time for Sam to sweep in and wrap his arms around her. They held each other for a long time, Sam quietly sobbing into her shoulder. She ran her hand across his back and shushed him, rocking him gently back and forth.
Dean shifted closer, his breath hot against Castiel's neck. "Getting any warmer? Feels like you have goosebumps."
She shook her head and flicked her wrist. Shards of glass from the floor and the bottle in Sams hand vanished. “No, Sam. It’s me.”
"Jesus Christ, Cas," Dean sighed. He let his head drop to his chest as he let out long breath. "You talk to everyone like that?"
“I’m sure he’s alright, Dean. Guy’s an angel after all. He knows how ta take care’a himself.” Benny patted his friend roughly on the shoulder. “Does he know?
Dean finally got the roof repaired the next morning. He hammered in the last nail and stood, holding a hand over his brow to get a better look at the whole property from the top of his house.
Dean drummed his fingers on the table and huffed out a breath. "Fuck it." He walked up to the bathroom door and knocked twice. "I'm comin' in, man. I can't hold it anymore." He shoved the door open and walked over to the toilet, immediately pulling himself out of his sweatpants.
“Ideas, huh,” Sam breathed out, his hand lowering to his jeans. “I got a few of those, too.” He cupped himself through the fabric, outlining his cock.
Dean chuckled and wrapped his arms around the man in front of him. "Sometimes I miss that thing. Was so cool seein' you all mermaned up, lookin' sexy with your scales and fangs."
Cassandra stepped forward, flipping her long black hair over her shoulder, and shook Sams hand. “So good to meet you, Sam. Dean talks about you all the time. It’s nice to finally meet you.” Her voice was soft and sweet. She had piercing blue eyes and tanned skin. Her sundress revealed the end of a tattoo Sam couldn’t quite make out, but it looked like feathers.
Sam ran a hand through his hair and fluffed it up. “Yeah actually. To never cut my hair again.” He grinned wide at his brother
“It’s fine brother. I have it from here.” Castiel walked over and hugged his brother tight. “Thank you for everything,” he whispered.
Of course he was. Castiel never missed game night with Dean and Sam. It's something they started when they were little after Mary died. Castiel suggested it when Dean hadn't left the house in two months and Sam was starting to worry. And now that Sam was engaged to Jess it made game night even better. Instead of pizza or greasy take out, she always cooked them something from their childhood.
Dean turned around once he deemed himself suitable. “That does’t give you the right to RSVP for me.” He took a long swig of his beer and sighed. “I dunno, maybe it’ll be alright. Get to see all the chicks I used to bang turned into hot moms,” he laughed.
“Cas, please, I’m begging you. It’s not what you think.” He watched as Castiel plucked his keys from the bowl by the front door.
He waited a few minutes for a response. Ten minutes went by agonizingly slow before his phone chimed.
Castiel swiftly and carefully wove the cord around their hands until a loose knot was resting on Dean’s wrist.
Castiel scrubbed his knuckles over the growing stubble on his cheek as he frowned at the bubbling pot. He pulled off a sprig of lavender and tossed it into the cauldron. A wisp of smoke poofed out and curled into the air.
Dean smiled as he tossed his phone on the bed and headed out into the kitchen. He stood in front of the fridge and stared inside, willing dinner to manifest itself.
"Oh, uh. That's Crowley, and that's his mother Rowena. They're helping with---" he trailed off and looked down the hallway towards the dungeon.
“You—” Sam ducked lower when a fireball flew over head. “Who the hell are you two and why do you have my brother?” he asked, holding the knife to the other mans throat.
"It's our best bet," Ellen nodded. "We'll head out early tomorrow morning and see if they're there."
Sam's knife flew to the witch's neck and pressed against it, eliciting a gasp from the her. "Ollie!" she shrieked, dropping her hold on Ellen. Bobby immediately pulled her aside and removed her bindings.
Biting his tongue and stretching up on his tiptoes, Dean smacked the duct taped corner of the banner against the wall and sighed. “Because, Cas, it’s what humans do.” He looked down and started climbing down the ladder until he was face to face with the ex angel. “And now that you’re human, Sammy ‘n I are going to start celebrating stuff like this.” He looked up at his handwork and smiled.
Except for the fact that Castiel already paid Dean and they haven't so much as kissed yet, but not for lack of wanting.
Alistair squinted at the door jamb and scratched at a the peeling paint. "I wouldn't exactly call this dump a house. Plus, you haven't been here since Cassie sunk his hooks into you. What's it been, Dean? Two weeks?"
Castiel’s body stiffened immediately. “That’s not—-that’s impossible. She’s dead.” He looked to his father who was pale and shaking. “Tell me that’s not possible,” he shouted as his eyes flecked with orange.
Dean whipped his spoon at Sam who ducked and laughed. "Shut the hell up and go to bed," he barked. "I'm gonna sleep in with Cas tonight. I
Castiel bit Dean's lip once more before shifting his weight, one hand still roughly jerking his cock, the other reaching behind himself.
Gabriel held his hands up in defense and backed away slowly. “Ok, Cassie. I’m not going to hurt it. But I think we should get him back to your place.” Gabriel tossed the wide eyed merchant ten gold coins and collected all of his brothers things. “Come on, let’s go.” He coaxed his brother along, looking over his shoulder every few steps to make sure he was still following.
Cas felt like his heart was going to explode. He watched the blush creep across Dean's face as he kicked at something invisible on the floor. "Meet cute?" Castiel asked, cocking his head to the side.
Castiel stood in the middle of his room, phone close to crumbling in his hand as he gripped it. His stare turned cold and hard as he lifted his free hand and pointed to the door. “Get out.”
Dick let out an annoying laugh and slapped his hands on the table. "Oh, Michelle, how I've missed your wit. Please, proceed."
They lay there and watched the stars in comfortable silence. Dean watched as Castiel’s eyes grew heavy and began to close. He pulled a blanket up from the bottom of the bed and covered the witch, smiling as he immediately nuzzled into it. He laid down next to him and slipped the deer fur over his body. He reached out and ran a fingertip through the witch’s hair before closing his eyes.
"See ya, bitch." Dean pressed end and tossed his phone on the desk. He took another drag before handing the cigarette to Castiel. "We're good," Dean sighed as he sat in the chair in front of Cas' desk. He eyed the man suspiciously. "Three grand, huh?"
“I did. This one,” Castiel gestured towards the pot, “was for my hive. The queen is injured and keeps fighting off the drones who come too close.”
Castiel went rigid and backed away from the edge of the pool while shaking his head. "No. No no-no-no-no." His eyes widened as he sunk lower into the water.
Ellen squinted her knowing eyes. Dean followed her into the kitchen and patted Bobby on the shoulder as he passed, making the man look up over his newspaper. "Don't I see enough'a you at work?" he grunted with a smirk.
"What the fuck?" Dean muttered. "You do this?" he asked the crow with a raised eyebrow. The bird tilted it's head and stared at him. Dean sighed and flipped the switch, watching as the hose inflated and started spewing water outside. With a shrug, he left the pump to do it's job and walked towards the house. Halfway there, the roar of the pump stopped. Dean turned around and stomped towards the pool house and swung the door open, the sound of it hitting the wall echoing inside. He yanked the pump out of the water to see the switch in the
"Don't worry, I'm takin' good care of him. He'll be back before you know it," he reassured the bird.
"Dean, think about it. How were you able to spot my security car so easily? Remember? You said 'they stick out like a sore thumb to a guy like you'? You were sitting up in bed not twenty minutes ago enjoying your breakfast after watching a woman die like nothing happened."
It sunk so deep he wasn’t sure it was even there anymore. He wasn’t sure he was even an angel anymore. He can’t fly, his powers are failing, he couldn’t even hear angel radio anymore. So what was he? Just another useless, helpless, hopeless human. No wonder Dean didn’t stop him. What good was he to anyone? Rowena stopped the apocalypse. Sam helped her. Dean tossed the spell into the rupture. And what did he do? He killed his son. He looked into his sons eyes as he burned the demon out of his body. He watched his son turn to ash by his own hand.
Castiel took two steps forward and tilted his head. “Dean, you know you can talk to me, right? About anything.”
Two days later Dean was perched on his stool at the garage again. He pulled a handful of potato chips out of the greasy bag and shoved them in his mouth as he watched the two woman from the bookstore sat outside a small coffee shop and talked. They sipped their drinks and laughed, occasionally reaching out to inspect the others blue hand.
Dean poked his head into the bathroom. He could hear the shower start and Cas had just started his playlist. He had about 15 minutes before he was finished. Dean dashed to Cas’ room and found the journal.
"Not at all," Crowley replied smoothly. "I plant the images in Deans mind and he designs his own fantasy."
An uneasy feeling immediately hit him. He couldn’t tell if it was being away from his witch or the dimly lit cell in front of him. The humming was louder and seemed to be coming from it. He hopped towards it but stopped when he heard movement. His heart hammered in his chest when he heard chains rattle.
“We could do that,” the witch nodded. He peeked into the pot and scooped some coffee into a nearby cup and handed it to Dean.
“Oh Gods, Dean,” Castiel whimpered as he felt the familiars hand sink below the water and graze his cock. His heart raced as his bonding mark flickered to life. Orange sparks shot across his chest and lit up the mark as he panted.
"Back yard, in the garden....just one...keep your eyes down, on the body only." He stuffed it in his pocket and reached up to cradle Dean's face. "Are you alright?"
Benny’s eyes widened as he stood. “Ten fuckin’ years? The hell is wrong with—” Benny scoffed, “Shouldn’t you be with him by now?”
Licking his lips and cocking an eyebrow, Dean raised his cup and smiled around the lid. "Dunno if you're havin' the right kind of sex then, Lis."
The witch shrugged and rubbed at his eyes. “Most likely. It’s a simple transformation spell." He blinked rapidly and Dean watched as they changed back to blue.
, Castiel thought as his pace quickened. He watched Dean's eyes flutter close as he began stroking his cock in time with Cas' thrusts.
"Hey Cas," he responded with a shaky breath. "Don't think I'll ever get used to hearing you talk." He lowered himself down to the pool and hiked up his pants. Castiel popped open an eye and watched Dean take off his socks and boots before plunging his feet into the cool water. "Holy shit that feels good. Been wanting to try this baby out for a while now," he sighed. "Never had a pool growin' up. Me and Sammy used to spray each other with the hose but that's about it."
Castiel chuckled around the rim of his glass. “Honestly, I have no idea. Gabriel is the only one that keeps in touch. Anna used to, but she got married and I haven’t heard from her in years.”
"Rowena," he muttered into her mass of hair. "I've missed you so much." Dean watched with wide eyes as the two embraced each other, gently rocking from side to side. Rowena peeked over Castiel's arm and sighed, patting his back.
The witch sighed and closed his eyes. “There’s a room through that door,” he gestured towards the end of the hall. “You can undressed and head into the bath. I’ll join you in a few minutes.”
Dean sighed and sat back in his chair. "Buncha old junk, a ton of bird shit, and the nastiest smellin' water I've ever seen. Why?"
Dean slid the frothy glass towards the already drunk man. He took a few dollars off the counter that were already laid in front of the man and stuffed them in the register.
Dean nodded and offered her a small smile. "Uh, yeah. Sure, no problem. Let me get laced up and I'll meet you out there?" Naomi nodded and walked away, gently running her hand over Castiel's shoulder before she walked out onto the ice.
The bell over the hardware store clanged loudly as Dean shoved the door open and headed for the counter. Ellen was sitting on a stool behind the register with a book in her hand as she looked up.
of shit we probably never should've done," Dean chuckled, shifting so he was laying on his side facing his friend. He rested his hand on Cas' ribs, running his fingertips over a rough scar. "Like this."
Dean's hands shot out of the water and gripped the sides of Castiel's face, pulling him close enough that he could almost taste the water on his skin. He let his fingers glide through Cas' dripping hair, breath hitching when Castiel moaned at the sensation. Before he could second guess himself, Dean felt Castiel's body curl around his, pulling him in until their lips finally met. He gripped the back of Castiel's neck and moaned into the kiss, rocking his still clothed hips into Cas' scaly ones.
“Cassie, I think this bird might be cursed. I think when you touched it, it infected you, too. We have to get it out of here.” He walked over to the bird and scooped a hand under it.
Cain shook his head and held up his hands. "Now, Cas, he's just looking out for you, which is exactly what a guy should do. And no, Dean, I'm not an asshole, least not when it's about someones sexuality."
touching him like that.” Sam sighed heavily and nodded to Charlie. “Let’s go.” He took one last look at Dean before leaving the hut, Charlie at his heel.
“Oh, Gabriel, leave the poor man alone,” a silky voice purred. “I seem to remember you being just as bad.”
"Dean, good to see you again," Michelle smiled. "I trust we've had time to explain things?" The men walked into Michelle's office together and approached her desk.
Castiel sighed and leaned over the edge of the tub, resting his head on Dean's shoulder. "My fault. Should---should've died instead."
but you can trust me, ok? Sam's one'a the good ones." Dean reached over and turned the faucet off as Castiel nodded lightly and looked towards the door. The light was blocked out from Sam's pacing on the other side of the door. Dean groaned, letting his head fall on the edge of the tub. "I gotta go talk to him," he whispered. He jumped a bit at the feeling of a cool hand run through his hair and down his neck. Smiling to himself, Dean lifted his head and reached up to hold Cas' hand. Without thinking, he brought the creatures palm to his lips and kissed it gently before nuzzling into the cold skin. "Is it ok if I tell him your deal? With the witches and shit I mean. I can leave out the---your family stuff, I won't tell him everything, but I kinda have some explaining to do."
His last words were cut off by Dean plunging the knife into it’s throat. It gargled and spasmed until Dean felt it take it’s last breath.
Castiel nodded. "After they cursed me, I needed someone to protect me. Rowena wasn't killed in the massacre and stayed by my side the whole time. Well," he looked at Rowena shyly, blush growing over his cheeks, "not the
Castiel's eyes were jet black, his lips kiss swollen and slick. His chest was heaving and his talons were scratching at the denim fabric covering Dean's thighs.
