“Tsk, no touching. Put your boxers back on and come out to the living room for dinner please,” Cas said as he got off the bed and walked out of the room.
“Cas, what the hell happened man?” he asks, proud of how sure and confident he sounds, because he feels anything but, all he wants to do is sink into Cas and sleep, cuddled into his arms, protected and safe.
He can take Cas and Taylor to the beach and drink those fruity cocktails with the little umbrellas he pretends to hate all the time. They can sit in the warm sand with their toes in the water and not a worry in the world.
“I said, get the FUCK out,” Cas screamed, reaching behind him for the cold metal still lodged against his bare lower back.
Cas surges forward releasing Dean's wrists and instead cradling his face in his hands, the kiss a bit frantic and messy as the emotions overwhelm them both. Cas tangles their fingers together and thumbs at the shiny piece of metal now encircling one of Deans fingers, still not quite believing this is his reality.
When Cas looks back up at Dean he is met with perhaps one of the most gorgeous smiles he’s ever seen, one filled with adoration and relief, passion and real happiness, and it causes a grin to break out on his own face as a giggle to bubbles up to the surface.
“Born and raised here. Grew up on the other side of town; didn’t have much, but we made it work,” Cas said as he grabbed his water again and took a drink, then started picking at the label on the bottle. It was the first inclination Dean had seen during any of their interactions that the stoic and dominating man in front of him was even somewhat uncomfortable or uneasy. Maybe he had a childhood worth forgetting too.
Thanks to Rowena as the queen of hell or the new regime in heaven. The two factions often worked together to keep things under control and when they needed some simple pest control they contacted the Winchesters, sometimes both Sam and Dean would go, like old times, enjoying the familiarity and ease with which they fell back into their hunter roles side by side. Sometimes it would be Sam and Eileen, sometimes Dean and Eileen or only one of the three, sometimes all three. Every now and then Cas would join, the offer was always there, but he found it stressful without his powers to fall back on, he was still a decent fighter (at least Dean told him so) but he would much rather hang back and answer any calls when the boys or others needed some help.
If he was honest with himself, something he had admittedly never been great at, the deciding factor in starting up his relationship with Lisa their senior year had been the rumors that seemed to cling to him. He had started to make a show of making out in the busy hallways around school, making a point to let hands roam and slip below clothing now and then. The few class periods they shared were spent in a back corner, Lisa typically placed in Dean’s lap as he made a point to tease and distract her, more for show than anything else. It’s not that he didn’t like Lisa, on the contrary, he loved their time spent together. Not only was she incredibly attractive but she was also smart as hell and was actually a big reason Dean even graduated.
Sam lets out a sharp breath. "Listen, we’ll figure something out when Cas wakes up. We’ll get some grace… last time he used the grace from some other angel... or we’ll do a spell, or—"
Once he was in the bedroom, he let his crutches fall to the ground as he heard the ding of the elevator, shit, there’s no way it had been ten minutes already! Dean was sweating and panting with the exertion of trying to quickly do as Cas asked while on crutches with a bum leg. He sat on the side of the bed doing his best to get his pants and boxers down over his hips and then work them down over his too large cast, cursing every time they caught and slowed him down.
The fact that this man had read him like a book both terrified and excited Dean. Here Cas had collected almost all of what others had referred to as his “problem behaviors” for most of his life into a nice little pile and tucked them in a neat little box essentially labeled “desperately wants love and attention but is too chicken shit to ever ask for it” and had done so in really only one evening. A few measly hours and he understood Dean better than anyone else in his life ever even cared to.
“Come on Deano, let's get inside before we fall asleep and freeze to death out here,” Gabe said, standing up and pulling at Dean’s arm until he was on his feet, clumsily staggering inside and collapsing on the couch.
“So does that make you the bird, or said prey? You don’t enjoy me stalking you? Or eating you?” Cas asked as he inched closer and closer, whispering the final question in Dean’s ear, hot breath dancing along its inner shell, making him shiver.
She pulls a chair closer to the beds and sits. Neither Cas nor Dean look peaceful in their sleep. She thinks about the setting of Cas's fake world. She had hoped to find two of her favorite people playing house. It could be worse, sure, but she had hoped to see an obvious reason for what is keeping Cas there and that neutral world isn’t it.
Castiel is trying his best to pay attention to Hannah… but he's had this annoying headache since early morning. He thought his morning run would help with the pressure, but unfortunately, it proved fruitless. He massages his temples, trying to relieve some of the pain as Hannah continues talking, explaining something he knows he should be listening to, but he is wholly unable to do so. Just as he decides to speak up to politely let her know he isn’t getting any of this and maybe she should just come back later, there is a loud, frantic knock at his door, startling both of them.
Cas sits back and without warning Dean wiggles his way out from underneath him, rolls over and pulls himself up off the floor, rushing over to his bedside table, digging around clearly looking for something. When he finds what he’s searching for he spins back toward Cas, a mischievous glint in his eye.
“I see you haven’t grown out of your sullen and antisocial phase,” Bela said before grabbing his drink and taking a sip. Like always she was dressed to impress: a simple black dress hugged her curves in all the right places, the neckline plunged just low enough to draw attention but not be obvious about it and the hem rode up just high enough on her thigh when she sat down to draw a wandering eye or two.
He then quickly stood up, grabbed his coat and shirt and started stomping his way to the door. He wouldn’t give this freak the satisfaction of confirming any of the things he thought he had figured out about Dean. He apparently assumed Dean was weak and submissive, someone who so obviously would just give in and beg for whatever this man would give. Dean may sometimes lean toward the the submissive side in the bedroom, but fuck anyone who thought he would beg or plead for anything.
“I’m sorry, Bobby, it’s nothing. I’ll straighten up, promise,” he said sullenly but hoping the older man would drop it and let him leave.
“Come on Dean, you can’t just mope around for the rest of time. Let’s go do something,” Charlie admonished, poking at him as she spoke.
The snow fell softly outside, the second movie of the day playing on the large living room tv, fireplace roaring and the boys snuggled in together on the large comfy couch, buried under blankets. It was the last weekend before Dean moved back to his apartment and they had no plans the rest of their time together. They simply planned on spending the days wrapped up in one another, watching movies and hiding from the rest of the world.
“Fuck yes, please Cas,” Dean begs, already falling apart under the mans ministrations and they had barely even started.
"Sam," Dean croaks as soon as Sam ends the call. Dean’s voice sounds too loud in his own head. Cas is on the other bed, motionless, strung with tubes, with a scruffy growth of facial hair and shadows under his closed eyes.
In all honesty it terrified him. He had never felt that way about anyone before. In all his centuries of existence, Dean Winchester made him feel things he couldn’t name for the first time ever. Dean had broken through his programming not only once, but multiple times. He had made Castiel question his purpose, given him the courage to break away from what he had always known. Sure, the man could be absolutely infuriating with his constant pop culture references that Cas didn’t always understand, his rock music that was often played at decibels no human should be subjected to and not to mention the fact Dean was physically unable to listen to directions if they directly went against what he felt the correct course of action should be. Cas can’t be too upset about that last one though. It is the reason he is back in the bunker pacing their bedroom floor and not wasting away in the empty.
Castiel follows her out, locking his door again behind him. He is empty-handed, since there never was a bottle of whiskey to collect in the first place.
Since Dean left his apartment a few days ago, Cas had barely slept or ate. Gabriel had been over a few times and forced the man to slow down, to rest, and to actually ingest some sort of sustenance. Most of his time had been spent trying to figure out just who knew what about him, who exactly was looking for him, and what their plans may be if they ever got him. He felt like a caged animal. He didn’t feel comfortable leaving his building, much less his apartment, so he spent too much time pacing the floor, mind whirring, unstopping.
“Cassie has a history of being incredibly reckless and impulsive, even though he’s always been stupidly smart. He doesn’t think enough of himself to care if he’s the one who may get hurt; he’ll jump in head first if he thinks something will provide a quick fix or lessen the restless itch he gets every so often. He spent most of his youth overflowing with resentment and anger, that takes its toll on a person. Then when he finally found something, someone, who showed him care and kindness, when he finally started to at least have a few fleeting thoughts that maybe he was worth something, that was taken from him too,” Gabe said, voice tinged with a strange mixture of sadness and fondness.
Dean releases a heavy sigh and makes his way over to his couch. Taylor joins him a moment later as they settle in for the inevitable. Another glance at his phone shows 11:59, one more minute until Cas forgets everything they did today and the world restarts tomorrow. Again.
“Cock cage,” he said through heavy lips, eyes practically rolling into the back of his head. Cas’s hand was suddenly gone, and he whimpered in protest.
“What’s up, Bobby?” Dean asked, just wanting to get back to work and let his mind get lost in tinkering and fixing something tangible.
“Thanks,” Dean mumbled as he sank lower into the chair and reveled in his newly acquired cocoon of warmth.
Castiel, on the other hand, wants to be with his family. To spend the rest of his days with the ones he loves. It makes sense, then, that his grace would become a dog, man's best friend.
Thank you so much for reading this story! If you want to come scream at me for whatever reason, or want to see what I post next (I currently have two WIPs that will probably each be over 30k) come visit me on
“You’ll see, come on,” Cas says as he drags Dean into their room. The walls and ceiling match the hallway, covered in white string lights, giving the room an ethereal glow. Throughout the room on the dressers, bedside tables and shelves are pictures of them, mostly candid shots taken by Jack, Jody or Claire. Dean immediately loses himself in them, slowly wandering around the room, reliving over a decade worth of memories, all revolving around the two of them and the people that love them.
"Gabriel stop it!" Castiel grumps at Gabriel, who, after hearing the "we are real" bit from Dean, had begun rapidly slapping Castiel’s arm until Castiel moved to the other side of the room.
"I mean, don't think of me as a creep or anything but, I dunno, I feel like I know you. And not just know you as in exchanging neighbourly greetings know you, but like I
Cas made his way to the foot of the bed and grabbed the other items he had brought to the bedroom. “Now, I was going to blindfold you, but I think I would rather see those gorgeous eyes tonight. I also brought something that may help you behave, lift your hips please,” Cas asked. Dean did as he was told and lifted his hips off the bed. Cas grabbed the waistband of his boxers and pulled them off, then grabbed Dean and affixed something to his already painfully hard cock. Dean whined at the contact and rutted down into Cas’s hand. When Cas backed away again it took Dean a second to realize what he had done.
"All done working, Cas?" Dean shoves his hands in his pockets, Taylor’s leash hanging from his wrist.
wearing Meg’s likeness teases, reveling in Cas’s reaction to the old nickname, "I need that deal kept. What kind of example would I be setting if I didn’t keep my promises?"
“You will stay put and let me look, thank you,” Cas said, that eyebrow up and eyes pinning Dean in place.
." His voice is heavy and hard. He looks at Cas, lying still and unresponsive, no sign of waking. The tears he’s swallowing back choke him. He gasps for air and it becomes a sob, and then there is no holding back: he grits his teeth but the sobs keep coming. "Fuck!"
They both crawl further onto the bed, swapping lazy kisses, hands trailing over newly exposed skin, becoming familiar with one another in a brand new way, not rushing, enjoying what they have both been craving for years.
He didn’t understand the point of Facebook, he had no ‘old friends’ to keep in contact with. Instagram didn’t appeal to him, he wasn’t one for photography nor Twitter, he wasn’t nearly angry enough at seemingly nothing, or everything. Then he came across Tumblr, that day also happened to be a day Dean was being extra adorable and Cas just wanted to scream at someone that he absolutely loved this man, but he couldn’t do so to anyone in the bunker. So, on a whim he had made an account.
“Good, I’m glad to hear it. Slide down to the floor please, legs out in front of you, palms flat on the floor; don’t move,” Cas ordered. Dean did as he was told and slid gingerly down to the plush rug covering the hardwood floor and looked up expectantly at Cas.
Castiel presses his fingers to his temples, trying to stop the pain. Dark spots dance around his vision in the limited light of the street lamps. For a moment, he thinks the spots are forming a shape. No… a figure… a black, gooey, figure.
“Hello Dean, long time,” Cas said, voice even, deep, still doing things to Dean that he didn’t want to admit. After a few minutes of silence, Dean chanced a glance at the man next to him and was greeted by an intense gaze pinning him in place and stealing his breath.
“I’m also asking you to literally take part of me, my very essence, not only as a reminder that you have me completely, body and soul, but because you’re the reason I want to give that part of me up,” Cas calmly explains, a fire in his eyes, he’s more sure of this decision than he has ever been about anything.
Before he can berate himself much, a light, yet persistent tapping reverberates off the glass pane above him. When he chances a glance up at the window, Dean is peering down at him, an amused grin on his face.
“Gah, Castiel, may-fuck-may I please-” Dean groaned. “Can I come, please, Castiel,” Dean finally managed to grunt out. Cas simply chuckled and began playing with the plug again.
As soon as the words were out of Cas’s mouth and Dean’s brain made sense of them, which admittedly took a second or two longer than it should have, Dean stopped fighting it off and, after one or two additional perfectly placed thrusts, it overtook him completely. The spring that had been coiled impossibly tight in his lower abdomen finally sprang free, his muscles tensed and spasmed and he cried out Cas's name as spurts of white, sticky warmth shot between his stomach and the blanket beneath him. Dean almost missed Cas crashing into him one final time before he stilled, his grip bruising on Dean’s hips, his dick twitching as he spilled his release and then fell boneless onto Dean.
. Lisa made him watch it once, and he thinks it may be exactly what Cas needs right now. That thought doesn't stop his heart from kicking into overdrive as he presses play on the remote, before settling back on the couch.
The pain explodes through his body as his view lightens. His gummy eyelids squint open, flooding him with light. He squeezes them closed again but now there is less to distract from his throbbing head, the prickling pain like needles all over his body, and the terrible taste in his mouth. He hears Sam’s voice. Sam sounds close by. Dean pries his eyes open again. Charlie is stretched out one bed over.
Dean just grinned as Cas got up off the floor, scooped him up, and carried him to the bedroom, depositing him gently in bed.
“Oh, uh, yeah, thanks,” he said, eyes studying the floor as he snatched his coat out of Cas’s outstretched hand. When Cas didn’t immediately release his hold, Dean glanced up and looked at Cas and with his best ‘I’m annoyed’ facial expression.
“Hey Gabe, what do you do? Are you like a therapist or something?” Dean asked while snuggling deeper into the overstuffed couch cushions. Gabe chuckled.
“Dean, come back. I’m not going to hurt you, I’m sorry if I made you feel like I would,” Cas said, gently, calming, trying to pull Dean out of his head and out of whatever narrative he had obviously constructed around what was currently taking place. Cas waited a few minutes, not wanting to rush Dean. He brushed his thumb against Dean's hip every so often and carded his fingers through the short hair on the back of his neck.
comes Dean’s voice. Taylor barks loudly in frustration as another punch hits Castiel. Dean calls out Castiel’s name but all Castiel can focus on are the flooding memories of all of his failings and mistakes.
Is he being a complete idiot about this? Yep. Is there a good chance this is going to get him killed? Probably. But at least he feels better chanting,
"Yes. I think I was going cross-eyed looking at all that information, so I stepped out to grab the mail. And it was the strangest thing just now," Castiel says, remembering how he’d seen Dean and Taylor in the distance as they paused in their walk home earlier, stock-still and staring off into the treeline. "I could have sworn there was something— or some
“So, uh, you mentioned a ‘Sammy’? Is that a sibling?” Cas asked, eyes still traveling up and down Dean, imagining what else he had hidden beneath his clothing.
“I love you Dean Winchester,” Cas croaks out as he pulls away from the kiss, tears threatening to overtake him. Dean’s eyes snap up, shock quickly fading to something Cas can’t quite place.
Dean squirmed; is that the only reason Cas had come onto him when they first met? He was angry, reckless, looking for a fight. He clearly fit the man’s “type”, aside from the size aspect anyway. He wasn’t tiny, but he was only an inch or two taller than Cas, and the older man definitely had him beat in terms of overall mass. Dean definitely didn’t pose much of a physical challenge for Cas.
"Guys, what's going on?" Charlie’s usual chipper voice, sounding much more concerned, drags Dean out of his downward spiral.
On his way out, he grabbed his duffle bag filled with similar clothing stuffed around his weapon of choice from years ago, the Colt with falling feathers etched into the silver grip, custom made by one of his men. It had sat in his safe for years, until the first rumblings of a threat started up, that was when he had fished it out, cleaned it and brought it to a range to make sure he still knew how to use it and that it actually worked. It had stayed in his night stand since then, and now it was rolled up in an old shirt, extra ammo alongside it: all things Cas never thought he would ever need again just a year ago.
“Fuck,” Dean yelled, partially worried about his phone--he really couldn’t afford to buy a new one--and partially because of his frustration at the non-answer from Cas. He slid off his bed and fished his phone out from where it had landed under his bed, a small box catching his eye, one that he had completely forgotten about, one that seemed like a wonderful idea right about now. Dean grabbed it and hoisted himself back up onto his bed next to Charlie, sitting cross legged with the box on his lap.
They are both determined to hang on no matter what life throws their way. They both know that over the last decade this thing between them was often the only real thing in their lives, the only safe haven in a sea of turmoil, fear and pain. That this is the one thing they can always rely on, always come back to, and tomorrow that will finally be made even more tangible, it will finally be indisputable that he loves Dean and that Dean loves him.
Before Dean could apologize a slick finger was gently pushing against the tight ring of muscle, circling and lightly pressing but never breaching, only teasing. Dean whined and pushed back, trying to urge Cas to get going but was met with another sharp slap to his ass, a bit harder than the last. He stilled instantly, silently cursing himself.
After a bit of adjusting and finagling, there was a quiet click and the cool metal enveloped his dick. He glanced down and almost instantly regretted his decision: the look in Cas’s eyes told him this was not going to be an easy week for him.
Dean's eyes are shining in amusement, and, caught again in his tide, Castiel adds, "Thank you for the compliment."
Dean tries to say something, anything, tries telling Cas to fuck off, he is fine, he will figure it on his own, like he had always done, he doesn’t need his help, doesn’t need someone treating him like he is the child he never got the chance to be, but the words stick in his throat, choked out by the silent sobs tearing through his body. He tries to take a few deep breaths but can’t even manage that, the sobs won’t stop, the shaking won’t stop, why can’t he get control over himself, what the fuck is wrong with him? He is angry, frustrated, in pain and scared, but he will never admit it if he is asked, at least not that last one. If  he had any room for self-preservation left he would have thought twice or even three times, about what he was about to do, would have talked himself out of it, would have laid there on the floor for hours before he admitted he needed help, or wanted Cas close, instead, all he can do is reach out toward Cas, hoping he understands the wordless exchange.
“Thank you. Now, that’s eight items I had to pick up and take care of. However, you did make it to the bed undressed on time, though barely. So, I’m going to give you options. You can pick which one you prefer and that is what we will go with, no games, your choice. Does that make sense?” Cas asked as his hand started roaming again.
“Ha, that was a failed attempt at a shotgun. I was thirteen, maybe fourteen and thought it would be badass. I met a senior who offered to do it for me, but it hurt too much and he only got one line done before he gave up because I wouldn’t sit still. I’ve been meaning to get it covered, but I’m not sure what I would put over it.”
Dean shakes his head. He’s not leaving Cas alone. It’s not happening. "Don’t fight me on this, okay? As long as I’ve got all this in me," he gestures to his body, where he has the same rig as Cas, "I’m fine. Get me the stuff."
"Dean, Dean, Dean." The Empty shakes its head. "Don’t you understand? I’m pissed with both of you. All I wanted was to sleep. It’s why I keep everyone asleep. The silence? It’s blissful. It’s perfect." It turns and faces Castiel, sending a shiver down his back. "But you and your precious angel. Always fighting against the natural order."
I don't think there are any warnings for this one except emotionally repressed idiots who don't use their words. Sad Dean, Sad Cas. That's about it.
"We were just talking in his living room when there was a knock on the door. We thought it was you, so he went to answer the door, but then I heard him mutter something before he shouted and the door slammed. I got up to see what was happening, but I was too late!" Charlie rushes out the words in one breath, panic clear in her eyes. "Cas, we have to help!"
Dean jumps up and locks the door as soon as Sam has shut the door, leaning against the door staring back at Cas still sprawled out on his bed.
Dean settled in on the comfortable couch, but stared intently down the hallway. All the worst case scenarios played through his head of what could be wrong. Did Cas have someone else in his bedroom with him? Of course he did; why would Dean think he was special? God, he was so fucking dumb; he never should have come. He had walked by this stupid building every day on his way home from Bobby’s garage where he worked and today he just couldn’t help himself. Cas hadn’t answered his texts or calls in almost two weeks and he should have taken the hint: he obviously wasn’t wanted.
“Well, uh, see, he kind of found my computer and is currently locked in his bedroom with it,” Sam admits sheepishly, knowing it’s the last thing Cas wants to hear.
“Why would I run? This isn’t something I can really be judgmental about,” Dean said, glancing up at Cas who stared up at the ceiling. “Hey, look at me.”
“Uh, okay, yeah, sure,” Dean said as he stood up and grabbed his coat and shirt off the floor, feeling a bit uneasy and dejected, though unsure why. He had literally met this man mere hours ago; had he really expected to spend the night? He liked to think he was at least a bit classier than that. He could, at the very least, scrape some shreds of self-respect together if he tried hard enough.
“....Maybe,” he begrudgingly admitted. “But he pretty much shoved me out this morning; how am I supposed to take that?”
“Vonnegut? Slaughterhouse-Five?” Cas continued to stare blankly. “Seriously man? You’ve never read it? It's my favorite book, I’ll have to loan it to you, you’d dig it,”  Dean grinned when he looked back up at Cas who matched his smile as he moved onto Dean's right arm, tracing down his bicep and landing on the row of symbols on his forearm.
"Really not like I had a choice in the matter!" Castiel grunts as he dodges an attack from his opponent. A flurry of golden fur charges towards Dean and he only has a matter of seconds to brace himself as the dog leaps into his arms. She lets out whines of happiness as she licks his face over and over. Dean makes noises of disgust but honestly he missed his sweet girl too.
Castiel immediately started weaving his way through the mass of sweat covered bodies, shoving past people who didn’t seem to realize, or simply didn’t care, that he was there. He finally found the source: one very large man currently loomed over a smaller man who laid on the sticky floor, knees pulled up to his chest, arms covering his face and head, but still somehow managing to spit out a myriad of insults at the man who was doing his damndest to rearrange the prone man’s face and internal organs.
Cas must be savoring his independence after all. No more angel powers means no longer being responsible for cleaning up after Dean's messes. And Dean can make some really huge messes. He tries not to think of that final mess, the one that landed them here, in what should be suburban utopia. It's just another version of purgatory, though, without Cas at his side.
The next morning Sam is at the kitchen table with a giant mug of coffee, looking haggard and worn out when Cas and Dean come crashing into the kitchen, giggling and playful. Dean clad only in a loose pair of sweatpants, slung low on his hips, chest peppered with marks seemingly from the previous nights activities. Cas is clad in his boxers and an old t-shirt of Deans. When he bends over to retrieve something from one of the lower cabinets the scratches that cover his back are very visible causing Sam to roll his eyes and turn his focus back to the dark liquid in his mug.
“Hello Bela,” Dean said warmly. She was maybe the one person he had actually been looking forward to seeing.
“Who the fuck is it?” he barked out, of course there was no peephole, he really should have checked that before moving in.
The entire day, hell...the entire week, his attention kept drifting to blue eyes and dark, unruly hair which eventually led to the confusing swirl of unresolved emotions that surrounded what they had been, or hadn’t been. Would he be there tonight? Would he run up and punch Dean in the face like he totally deserved? Would he even acknowledge Dean or act like he didn’t exist? It had been ten years, surely he had forgiven Dean by now….at least he hoped so. He ate a quick breakfast, went for a run, tinkered around with his car, cleaned up the house, and did literally anything to keep his mind busy throughout the day until it was time to get ready. He showered and threw on the one pair of jeans he owned that didn’t have grease stains or holes along with a simple black button up, quickly rolling the sleeves up to his elbows. He slipped on his beat up black converse sneakers and, after one more glance in the mirror, figured it was as good as it was going to get. He swiped his wallet and keys off the counter, patted his pocket to make sure he had his phone, and headed out the door, still not completely sure why he was even leaving the house at all.
Dean sighed as he stepped inside. “You know, I was always told not to go off alone with strangers,” Dean said as he glanced sideways at Cas. He took a minute to really look at the older man: the mop of hardly tamed dark hair, a few pieces sticking up, his chiseled jaw, covered in just the right amount of stubble, the line of his neck that led to what seemed to be a deceptively muscular frame for how lean he appeared at first glance, and those eyes, glacier blue, piercing and intense. He was wearing dark grey shoes, dark jeans that fit just right, topped with a grey button up shirt, sleeves rolled up to his elbows, top two buttons undone. Paired with how he carried himself, his entire persona was one that people took notice of. It wasn’t hard to assume that he was very obviously used to being in charge, someone people listened to and didn’t often challenge.
"How do you think lover boy was able to come and go? You’re in a coma, bro. But unlike me, your body didn’t die when the Empty took you whole. Quit trying to tear apart your own head and just
"What the fu—" Dean trails off when he rounds the corner and sees Charlie standing in front of him. He keeps up his surprised expression, just in case Cas is watching; he knows he’s not supposed to know Charlie is alive. At least, as far as Cas is concerned.
“Hey. I’m fine, Dean, really,” Cas said, pulling Dean out of his own head. Dean simply gave a noncommittal nod and grunt as he began eating.
He was unceremoniously shoved down into one of the hard plastic seats in the waiting area and told to “please wait” there. He complied. He didn’t try pushing back into Dean's room, didn’t try causing any problems, but just sat there and stared at his hands. His heart rate hadn’t slowed, his hands still shook, and his breathing was still erratic at best.
“Ye...yes, Castiel,” Dean stammered out as he reached for the door handle. Cas reached out and grabbed his hand that had been feeling along the door for the lever.
When Dean finally felt Cas nudge the back of his throat, he willed himself not to gag and attempted to pull in large lungfuls of breath, knowing he soon wouldn’t be getting any. Cas paused and allowed Dean a moment to calm down and relax before he pushed in further, cutting off most of Dean’s ability to breathe. He locked eyes with Castiel and hummed contently as the tears began pricking the corners of his eyes.
“Ha, I got that one during a weekend binge. I had been up two days without sleep and was convinced demons were after me. It’s an anti-possession symbol, supposed to protect you from being possessed by demons,” Dean shrugged, the smirk falling off his face when he realized what he had just admitted to. Cas’s eyes never left his.
“I’ll be in touch. Some of my men will come collect you tomorrow and we can talk further. Have a good night boys,” he said as they slipped out the door, quietly clicking it shut behind them.
Dean's eyes snap to Cas’s mouth opening to protest, but Cas continues speaking, forcing Dean to listen.
He dug around in his drawers and found a sewing needle, not the best, but it would work. He went out to the kitchen and grabbed a lighter and an ice cube. He may be a badass, but he still didn’t like pointless or unnecessary pain. When he was back in front of his bathroom mirror, needle sanitized and lip properly numb, he took a steadying breath, pulled out his lip, and plunged the needle down right where the small scar was. He aptly switched out the needle for the small silver hoop that looped over his now slightly swollen lip.
They quickly got everything put away: two huge fluffy blankets open and spread out on the now folded down futon, Dean’s favorite drinks and junk food spread out on the coffee table, one of the new video games loaded and ready to go. They made themselves comfortable on the futon, Dean laying on his stomach, a pillow propped under his chin, Charlie leaning against the wall, legs out in front of her, pillow on her lap. As the game was loading, Dean turned toward Charlie and gave her a small grin.
“I told you, you aren’t allowed to come until I give you permission, this may help you follow that rule. I don’t want to have to punish you just yet.”
"Is that what I did yesterday?" He runs his hand down his face as he stops to think. "Right. I did. ‘Cause of Cas." Dean steals a glance at the door.
“That’s Cas’s story to tell, not mine,” Gabe said, tone making it abundantly clear that he would not be convinced otherwise, so Dean dropped it.
Cas quickly picked up the pace and wasn’t kidding when he said he wouldn’t go easy on him. In no time at all drool was coating Dean’s chin and tears were staining his face. Every time he looked up at Cas the man looked beyond pleased, happy and proud of his boy and, if his muttering was any indication, he was enjoying himself immensely. Dean was flying with the constant “perfection” and “so good for me Dean” and “so fucking perfect my dear” that kept falling from Cas’s mouth between his groans and moans.
The thing with Meg’s face contorts beyond any expression of rage the demon ever held. "You were too fucking happy to bear! Everything was already too loud, then you, and then next thing I knew this lovesick fool sneaks in through Death’s library, but I can’t touch him," Not-Meg squeezes her hand into a fist, as if she could crush Dean in it, "which really ticks me off."
Castiel was on his way back to the elevator, resigned to spending the evening pacing a hole in his floor, when he saw the telltale ripple of a disturbance start to move across the sea of bodies. He then heard the yelling, voices loud enough to break through in the brief moments between the thumping bass of the song blaring.
To his right was the hallway that ended with the seemingly private elevator and straight ahead was another hallway with multiple doors leading off it, which he assumed led to bedrooms and bathrooms. It was definitely bigger than any place Dean had ever called home, not like that was a very difficult task when his car had been home most of his childhood. He never thought a space that was so spacious and void of personal touches could still feel so comfortable and cozy.
"I'm part of the neighborhood watch," Cas deflects, making an attempt to lighten the mood. "Have to keep on top of suspicious activity."
"I have some excellent whiskey at home. Do you mind waiting a minute and I'll be right back?" he asks with a friendly smile on his face.
"Of course. I never wanted to leave you, Dean," Cas barely gets out before Dean is on top of him, pulling him into a tight hug—half-sitting, half-standing—but he doesn’t care. Castiel is here, is
Dean slowly made his way up the few steps to the entryway and leaned down to grab his worn, old boots, frowning at them as he pulled them on. He didn’t bother to lace them up, instead he stuffed the laces into the boots and straightened back up. He was then promptly shoved into the still closed door, Cas’s body pressed against his, one of his large hands gripped Dean’s chin firmly while the other moved to lay solidly against his chest, effectively holding him in place.
“What are we doing? I really don’t feel like going anywhere Char, can we please not?” Dean whined as he flopped gracelessly down on the couch, the oversized blanket wrapped tightly around his shoulders, part of it flipped up over his head.
Charlie grabs Sam’s arm and tugs. "Sam." She nods toward the door. When she nudges him to leave with her, he goes.
“Say it back to me, and tell me your safe words, please,” Cas said as he walked around the bed to secure Dean's other arm.
Dean glanced down at Cas, whose eyes were darting around the room, clearly anxious, his breathing becoming more ragged and unsteady. “Cas, hey, look at me, Cas,” Dean gently coaxed, his hands turning Cas’s face toward his. As soon as his eyes met Dean's, the younger man let a soft grin take over his face. “You’re okay babe, I’m here and I’m not leaving, okay?” Dean reassured him. Cas nodded hesitantly, unsure, but ultimately relaxed back into Dean's lap.
“Nothing bad sweetheart, don’t worry; I’m not going anywhere,” Cas smiled over at Dean, tightening his grip on his hand slightly. “I just…after what happened…I just wanted to check in with you, make sure--”
"It's the thing that launches the hero into the journey," Charlie explains and tries to be coy as she wipes her wet hand off on Taylor’s back. Dean gives her an "I saw that" look and Charlie ignores it. "You know, when Luke sees Leia's message, when Primrose's name gets called up and Katniss volunteers, or when Buttercup—"
“So what? He’s just...been alone for years? Holed up like some hermit?” Dean asked. It wasn’t difficult to picture the man busying himself with work and not allowing anything, or anyone, else into his space or his life.
Cas climbed up on the bed in one quick and fluid motion and had Dean’s chin in his grip just as quickly and unexpectedly.
“On your stomach,” Cas commanded over his shoulder as he disappeared through the door. Dean complied quickly.
"Dean, we can’t." Charlie rests her hand gently on Dean’s shoulder. "You’ve taken so much of the dream root, anymore could kill you. You have to detox."
" Gabriel draws out. "Dean-o is promising you the world here, Cassie! Everything you thought you couldn’t have or didn’t deserve is giving you a wake up call! So what’s the hold up? Why are you still talking to
Dean felt Cas walking slowly around the room. When he chanced a glance in his direction, he was met with a stoic and unamused expression on Cas’s face as he bent down to pick up the haphazardly tossed garments Dean had been wearing. Dean softly chuckled to himself, he knew damn well how much trouble he was in, and fuck, he was ready for whatever Cas decided to dish out.
“Cas...I-“ Dean tries interrupting but is only met with a finger held up, indicating he should wait, Cas isn’t done yet.
“Uh, sorry, I uh, just hadn’t heard back from Cas for a while, and I was...well, I was worried. Is he here?” Dean stuttered out, hand coming up to rub the back of his neck as he tried glancing behind Gabriel into the apartment. Gabriel let out a deep sigh that instantly set off some of Dean’s “something isn’t right” alarm bells in his head.
“I’m not, just until Tuesday...when I have to be at work. My boyfriend just left for who knows how long; just let me be sad and leave me alone,” Dean groaned and rolled over, slinking even further under the covers.
Then, Dean blinks and shakes his head. His brows crease and he pinches the bridge of his nose. "We should— we should let you get back to work. Come on, Tay." Dean whistles low, turning toward the door. Taylor whines but follows.
He lets go for a moment—only a moment—because Sam hands him the plate that was on the table next to the mortar and pestle. "Where’s the tequila shot?" Dean asks, looking at the lime slices and salt.
Dean had forgotten all about Cas watching the movie alone downstairs when there was an imminent threat to be dealt with. He quickly walks out of the room after giving Taylor one last stroke from head to tail, which has her rumbling contentedly, and slows down a bit at the last few stairs to catch his breath and clear out any paranoia left from his expression.
"Why don't you find out for yourself?" Castiel smirks with a hesitant note in his voice, afraid he'll scare Dean away for good. He's pleased and a bit surprised to see a beautiful blush forming on Dean's cheeks.
“Okay, so…why did Alfie make a difference?” Dean asked hesitantly, trying to make his alcohol soaked brain put the pieces together.
he came out senior year, which threw you into an obvious spiral. You were always so concerned about what other people might think just because you two were ‘best friends’.” Bela gave him a knowing and disbelieving look before she continued. “Yet, practically everyone knew damn well that you two were more than that. You just never wanted to admit it to yourself let alone anyone else,” Bela said with a shrug before taking a sip of her drink.
“What did you mean when you said you were expecting toxic masculinity and attitude?” Dean suddenly asked, breaking the silence. Gabe looked over at him and titled his head as he processed the question. The small, simple mannerism caused Dean's heart to constrict painfully in his chest, it reminded him of Cas, but not the Cas that was currently inside. Gabe sighed and dragged his hand down his face after gently settling the nearly empty bottle on the ground.
Dean slowly worked his way toward consciousness. He stretched, groaned, and cracked his eyes open only to notice he was alone in bed. Frowning, he laid back and allowed the previous night to play through his head. Whatever news Gabriel had told Cas clearly fucked with him; he had been lost in his head the rest of the night, that was, until he got Dean's shirt off and quickly became captivated with the tattoos scattered across his skin. The thought brought a smile to Dean’s face: the memory of Cas being so enamored and interested in all of Dean’s ink, the art he had so carefully curated to cover his body and tell his story.
"No. Yes. Maybe." Cas still sounds a little out of breath but he straightens back up and glances between Dean and Charlie with an almost deer-caught-in-the-headlights expression. Looking for all the world like he's just about to divulge the world's greatest secret, he says, "Something is wrong. I don’t know what it is, but something is."
Other warnings apply from past chapters (illegal drug use, panic/anxiety etc.) but nothing else new :)
"That would be for me to know and you to figure out." She waltzes over towards the kitchen and the refrigerator, grabbing some cream cheese for Taylor. "Sam and I are trying something new. We don’t know how much longer we can keep you under, Dean, let alone when we’ll hit a dead end and not be able to bring Cas out."
“I told you, I’m fine Cas,” Dean cut the other man off and tried yanking his hand away, only to have it trapped against his own leg, held in place by Cas’s strong fingers.
When he opened his eyes again he was met with glacier blue staring back at him, locked in from across the room. As soon as their eyes met, the other man started stalking across the space, his attention completely zeroed in on Dean.
Gabe stood up and stomped over to the door, “Fine Cas, I’m leaving, just, please don’t be dumb. Get back to your boy okay?”
"I’m aware, Dean." Castiel rests his hand on Dean’s cheek, sending a calming warmth through Dean. "You did what you needed to do to save me. I’m only sorry that I won’t be useful to you any more."
particular bit of drama. The brunette is the first to notice her, giving a critical once over, before Castiel also turns.
An idea sparks in Charlie's mind and she jumps up to grab her tablet. As she looks through her library of novels, she says to Dean, "I know I've got something that's been made into a movie you love. And if you love it, I know you made Cas watch it." She finds one that checks the right boxes for what she has in mind.
“You must be proud, it takes a lot to not only be accepted to Stanford, but to get a scholarship; good for him,” Cas said, and he sounded genuinely impressed, which caused Dean's smile to grow just a bit because yeah, Sammy was the smart one, the one who deserved the world, and Dean had done everything he could to make sure he had the opportunity to get it.
Good God this feels nice… Dean kicks himself for the hundredth time for not moving things forward with Castiel sooner. So much time wasted on beating around the bush because Dean thought angels could never feel that way, and apparently Castiel thought Dean could never be his. Honestly, the doubt still creeps into his mind and regret likes to barge in like an unwelcome houseguest. Like at this very moment…
Black goop begins to stream off of the entity and make its way to where Castiel is frozen. Taylor stands her ground, growling in a way that Castiel has never heard before. Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Dean struggling to break free of the invisible bonds holding him back. The Empty looks triumphant already, and Castiel is
At about the point she is ready for a water break, the door creeps open and Miracle, the stray dog Dean rescued after Jack brought all the vanished people back, peeks his head through. Sam appears in the doorway behind him, nudges him down the hall with a loving pat, and enters, closing the door of the infirmary to keep the devoted pup out. He comes down the stairs, curiosity cutting through sleepiness in his expression. "You woke up."
Charlie, while letting out a frustrated huff, reached over and traded the joint for the phone before Dean even realized it. He shrugged and took a hit, staring up at Charlie’s fingers typing assuredly.
Charlie is ever so grateful that she always wakes up just outside the city limits instead of where she was pulled out of the dream world. She shudders at the awkward thought of arriving in Dean's living room to find him watching TV in just his boxers with a pie plate balanced in his lap. Brushing dirt and twigs off of her jeans and out of her hair, she reminds herself to get a haircut when she's in the real world again, and trudges into town.
"Turned into a pumpkin at midnight," Charlie responds. "Listen, Sam. I know this is a stretch, but I had an idea. You know how when you're dreaming, and your alarm turns into, like, a dwarf battle cry in the dream?"
Seeing Dean slip so easily into this made Cas sincerely doubt his previous ideas regarding this potential dynamic and what it could do for Dean. It was obvious this would have to be taken very slowly, handled gently and warmly, but without making Dean feel as though he was being handled delicately or like he was fragile. Cas could already guess that if Dean felt patronized or pandered to he would be gone, would probably do something stupid, and get himself hurt proving to himself that he was in no way fragile or delicate.
Cas’s past was actually why most of them worked at the club, The Garrison. It had become a safe haven for troubled teens and twenty-somethings who didn’t want to fall into that life but had no one and nowhere else to go. He found jobs for those who wanted one and proved they could work hard and be trusted.
“I believe I said they were also sexy as hell, if I remember correctly,” Cas says, bringing a finger up to his chin, pretending to think deeply. Dean rolls his eyes and huffs out a chuckle as he pulls Cas closer.
He padded down the long hallway and turned the corner to the kitchen where Cas was kneeling on the floor with various pots, pans, and trays scattered among the floor in front of him as he tried cramming them all back into the small cabinet. Dean chuckled and leaned against the wall with a smirk on his face.
“Whoa...this is….wow,” Dean said, totally playing it cool, obviously. Cas had made his way into the kitchen and grabbed a couple water bottles out of the refrigerator, throwing one over to Dean while he nodded his head toward the large sofa. Dean set the water on the floor and yanked off his old work boots before he grabbed the bottle again and took off down the couple steps into the living room. He made his way over to the couch where he unceremoniously flopped down and sunk into one of the most comfortable couches he had ever sat on.
“How’s your ph--Dean, what the fuck man? I thought you got rid of that!” Charlie bolted upright, staring at the box. It was simple, nondescript, dark green and made of tin. Inside was Dean's stash, paraphilia, a few different substances to choose from. While weed was definitely his preference overall, he had a taste for pretty much anything if the mood called for it. Uppers, downers, hallucinogens: he was game for whatever.
“Baking? Really? Should I run out and get you some white wine and tampons?” Dean quipped, eyes never leaving his phone. He was startled by the loud, genuine bark of laughter that came out of the man next to him. Dean threw him a clearly annoyed glare.
“While I do love punishment when needed, I would much rather have fun tonight, don’t you agree?” Cas asked as his finger began its maddening teasing again.
love you, Cas. Please understand that,” Dean choked out before hiding his face in Cas’s shoulder and wrapping his arms around the man's middle.
Hannah clears her throat, and Charlie realizes she’s just been standing there, grinning like an idiot. Whoops. "Well, Castiel, I believe you said your translations are located at your home?"
“I’ve actually been doing some research, we can just go to the courthouse, tomorrow is Monday, they’ll be open. All we need are two witnesses and money for the marriage license,” Cas explains, voice rising with excitement the more he talks, realizing that in less than twenty-four hours he could actually be married to this man in front of him.
“Gah, I’m warm, it’s at least 800 degrees in here,” Dean complained as he shoved the heavy blanket off of them, allowing it to land on the floor.
Charlie meets him at the bottom. "Not even going to bother to pretend that you’re surprised to see me?"
“This jackass had his hands all over my girl; I was just getting ready to teach him some manners,” the large man said, looking over Castiel's head, eyes never leaving the young man’s, challenging him, clearly not willing to back down.
“Hey, come here,” Dean pleaded, suddenly needing nothing more than this man in his space. Cas glanced up at Dean, fear and anxiety clear, worrying Dean. “Cas, what’s going on man? What’s wrong? You’re kind of freaking me out.”
"Yeah, that’s probably not a terrible idea," Cas says, eyes following Charlie’s stare before shaking his head and leading Hannah into his own home. Charlie trudges over to Dean’s house and lets herself in, not bothering with knocking.
Well a good chunk of my plans while out of town have been changed, so I should be able to post a few times over the next few days like I have been.
When Dean came out of his room dressed and ready to head off to work on Tuesday, he noticed a small dark green package on the counter. He looked around the apartment for any hint, clue, or explanation as to where it came from, but didn’t find one. He made his way over to it and picked up the small card placed gently on top, immediately noticing Cas’s familiar neat scrawl.
He reached down to feel the cool metal against his soft dick, but his hand was swatted away before it got there.
“I know Dean, but I also know it’s not the same kind of love, and that’s fine, I’m okay with that. I can be part of your family, if you’ll allow it, I can do that. I won’t bring any of this up again, I won’t make you uncomfortable or expect anything different from you, I pro-” Cas’s nervous rambling had been cut off by Dean’s mouth crashing against his. Dean’s hands framing Cas’s face, holding him in place as he pressed himself up against the angel.
“You do have at least some knowledge of BDSM and its many facets, yes?” he asked, but Dean could only nod. “Good. Are you also aware that you are one of the most infuriating and obnoxious brats that I’ve ever met? You’re someone who very obviously needs a partner who can handle your nonsense, your attitude, and your purposeful misbehavior. You’re someone who needs a heavy hand to keep you in line, but who also craves excessive amounts of praise and validation, but is either unwilling or afraid to ask for it. I think you misbehave and poke and prod others, not only to see if they will push back and call you on your shit, effectively putting you in your place, but also because you honestly think you deserve any and all punishment that comes your way as a result of pissing people off. Am I close?” Cas asked. Dean’s back was somehow now up against the wall dividing the entryway and living room. Cas’s face was only inches from his with his hands braced on the wall, one next to Dean's head, the other by his waist, effectively rendering him trapped. This would normally cause him to lash out, and he could, he could shove Cas away and maybe be successful, but he had absolutely zero desire to do so.
If Dean really does kill Taylor, destroys Castiel’s grace, then the Empty would have no hold over him anymore. He would be human. Castiel knows he would be okay with it, but would Dean be okay with it? In the long run? Would Dean only keep him around until he realizes just how useless Castiel is without his grace?
"Cas! CAS!" Dean cries out, looking up from his spot on the ground. "It’s just me. Please!" Dean’s dog is by his side trying to both comfort and defend him from Castiel. The sight is enough to snap Castiel out of attack mode and he quickly releases Dean’s wrist.
“Cas,” Dean mimicked, tone not quite as threatening as he tried to suppress a giggle. What was this guy really going to do to him? Kick him out? Big deal, he would just go back to his shoebox apartment that he shared with his roommate. Actually physically assault him? Again, not a big deal in Dean’s mind; hell, that’s kind of what he started his night in search of.
“Cas, what the hell?” Dean  asked, shocked at his appearance. He looked awful, pale, sweaty, eyes wide and panicked, sunken with dark circles under them. But he was still somehow one of the most striking men Dean had ever seen. Cas staggered a bit and swayed which caused Dean to bolt to his side and grab him, steadying him. Gabe came panting down the hallway, meeting Dean’s questioning eyes.
“What?” Dean asked, tone dripping with attitude, causing Cas’ eyebrow to somehow shoot up even higher, a warning that gave Dean the opportunity to change both his words and the tone in which he said them.
The man’s head is resting on the mattress next to Cas’s hip, hands clinging to his like if he lets go, Cas may float away, lost forever. His eyes are closed and Cas may have thought he was sleeping if not for the muttered begging still falling from his lips. A constant stream of  "please" and "I’m sorry" and "come back to me" in an almost prayer-like cadence, pleading with Cas, or whoever is listening, for forgiveness. Cas moves his fingers ever so slightly, just enough to hold Dean’s hand in return.
A jolt of fear runs down his spine as he considers that, by eliminating Taylor, he may have just killed Cas for real rather than saved him. How could he have been so careless? Another sob catches him off-guard, an icicle to the chest. He goes to wipe at his face again, but before he can remove his hand, he swears he feels the slightest twitch beneath his fingers.
Cas falls asleep with the smile still plastered on his face, pulling Dean in as close as possible and settling in for the very last night that he isn’t a Winchester. Before he falls asleep he whispers his new name into the dark of the room, “Castiel Winchester.”
Cas’s mind wandered to what Gabe had told him earlier that evening, and he worried about what it meant for his safety and now for Dean's safety. His mind spun, trying to come up with some type of solution, a way to protect Dean at the very least even if it meant getting his hands dirty again. He didn’t want anything to do with his old life; he had promised himself he would never go back to that. But things had changed, he had someone to look out for again, someone who would make anything he had to do worth it at the end of the day, as long as he was safe.
Dean sighs. "You sure you haven't seen anything weird lately? No one's been following you? No weird stranger has tried to talk to you?"
Cas wiped Dean down, making sure he was as clean as he could be without a shower. He then tapped Dean's hip and indicated for him to lift himself up. When he did-again groaning his protest-Cas yanked the blankets down so Dean could settle himself between the sheets. He then pulled the blankets back up and over Dean, all except the top blanket which he tossed toward the hamper, he would clean it later. He slid in next to Dean and pulled him close, urging him to drink some water and eat a few pieces of chocolate which Dean did happily.
“Uh, yes, fuck, yes please Castiel,” Dean practically begged, and he didn’t care one bit about just how needy he sounded. Cas chuckled as he slowly got up and out of his chair and stalked his way over to Dean.
He strode across the room and ordered two more drinks, throwing a tip in the jar. While he waited he looked around, trying to figure out if there was anyone else he should try avoiding for the short time he planned on being there. Then he spotted an all too familiar mop of dark, unruly hair walking through the door, Dean spun away quickly, trying to catch his breath.
“Ugh, I don’t even know, Charlie, he just...kicked me out. After an amazing night and morning, he was just...done with me,” Dean said, dropping down on his back onto his bed next to Charlie, throwing an arm over his face.
"Your grace," Dean breathes out, knowing the sorrow in his eyes and voice doesn’t hide anything. "I destroyed your grace. You’re human now."
I do have some thoughts for a sequel or at the least a few short time stamps, I love this universe so much I'm not sure I'm ready to totally let it go!
Cole Trenton. This is getting super weird. Dean has just tossed the nameless wonder out the doors, and starts to stalk after him, hoping Cas can redirect his own fight out of the building where corners and machinery could get him pinned. Their bond seems as strong as ever, thankfully, and he sees Castiel force Cole to twist, and they begin to head in the opposite direction.
“You’re an asshole, you know that Cas? What the fuck did I do to you?” Dean yelled, and if heads turned to look at them then good; he wanted to cause a scene, wanted to call attention to the man apparently holding him hostage for whatever reason.
Dean sucks in a startled breath, whipping his head off the mattress, staring up at Cas with disbelief and bewilderment. As blue eyes blink back at him, a smile tugging at the corners of Cas’s mouth, all Dean can do is stare, hands still gripping Cas’s tightly.
Cas was immediately out of his chair and pacing the floor while Gabriel stood motionless watching his brother. After a few minutes, Cas collapsed onto the couch and looked up at his brother, tears in his eyes.
“Fuck, Cassie, I swear to God…” Gabriel muttered to himself. He finished up as quickly as possible and made his way out into the apartment. He slowly looked around and saw nothing out of place. The front door was still locked, which was good. It meant Cas was still in the apartment at least, unless he had taken the elevator but, before he could check, he noticed the bedroom door was closed. He knew he had left it open, that explained the door slam, and as he listened closer he could hear a muffled
“Who the fuck are you?” Cas asked, going over to his brother to make sure he was okay. Gabe shoved him off.
Cas’s back was to Dean as he unloaded the food when suddenly Dean noticed him freeze, back tense, before he relaxed again and spun around with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“While I don’t have my essence to offer, nor an entire heavenly family to give up, I do have my heart and my soul and everything I am or ever will be. I’ve had this for months, but wasn’t sure what the best moment would be, so I guess I’ll take your lead on this,” Dean's voice is shaky as he pulls out a small black box from behind him and walks closer to Cas still sitting on the hard bedroom floor. He sinks down in front of Cas and snaps open the box, “Castiel, if you don’t say yes this is going to be very awkward, but will you marry me? Grow old with me, get a house with a yard and white picket fence, maybe raise a few kids, the entire cliché apple pie life, as my husband?”
With a final shout of courage and Taylor howling along, Dean braces himself for whatever Trenton has in store.
“Dean, you have to let go for just a minute,” Dean lets out a pained noise, one he would deny if anyone asked, but at the moment he doesn’t care, “I’ll be right back, I promise, I’m just going to get you some water and something to eat, less than 2 minutes.” Dean begrudgingly releases Cas’ white shirt, curling in on himself in the too big, too cold bed.
“Right, yeah, I’m ready Castiel,” Dean said, readying himself again, his dick somehow still painfully hard and leaking onto the bedspread beneath him.
"I can think of a lot of things to be sorry for, Cas." Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. "Most of all, for everything it took for us to get here."
In reality Cas has spent the entire weekend transforming the bunker, making sure everything is perfect, and anxiously pacing room to room.
Dean was happiness, then whatever this is has to be heaven. Except, they are both alive and well. Of course, Dean has no memories and Castiel has no powers to prove his usefulness anymore…
“No, it isn’t Dean. It doesn’t erase what I’ve done, it doesn’t clean the blood off my hands.” Cas hung his head, looking down at his hands clasped together in front of him.
“Damn right; what were you doing out here anyway Winchester? I thought you had already turned into a Dean-cicle,” Gabe let out a light chuckle at what he obviously thought was a clever joke. Dean rolled his eyes.
Castiel watches his old friend, trying to get his head on straight so he can help. Dean has gone missing. Someone has taken Dean. He has to find Dean. "Charlie!" his words stop her pacing instantly. "What did you see?"
Castiel all but prays it isn’t Dean who knocked and curses when he opens the door and comes face to face with the man.
Dean refuses to play the part of the mouse again, refuses to beg, refuses to let this monster get the best of him for a second time.
Just as Dean's about to answer and lose the small amount of dignity he has left from that conversation, Cas jogs up in a flurry of anxiety and confusion, pausing to heave deep breaths with his hands on his knees.
“Shhh, you’re fine, roll over please,” Cas commanded as he once again got off the bed, this time heading to the bathroom. Dean, in no place to protest, followed his order quickly and stared down at his dick which stood at full attention. How the hell was Cas going to get one of those things on him like this?
Castiel straightens up in his seat at the touch and Dean begins to doubt himself. He frowns, eyes still glued on the screen but seeing everything in his peripheral vision. He’s about two seconds away from removing his arm, when Castiel sinks back down on the couch. A little deeper into the cushion and a little closer to Dean. The added weight pressing against the sofa again just so happens to make Dean’s arm slip off from the top and onto Castiel’s shoulder. He feels Castiel tense up again, but after a moment of neither of them moving, Castiel relaxes again.
Dean didn’t think he had ever been so content. He knew he had never had an orgasm like that before in his life and his brain was still trying to come fully back online. He felt fuzzy and hazy, but it didn’t scare him; he felt safe and taken care of. That should scare the shit out of him, he should be running for the door and never looking back. Every other time in his life Dean thought someone cared about him, as soon as he started believing they would actually stick around, they left, either on their own or because death came knocking far too early.
While Dean was playing through the different scenarios in his head he was interrupted by a deep sigh from Cas, followed by a question he definitely was not expecting.
“Oh my God! Dean Winchester? Come here, how have you been?!” Becky squealed, throwing her arms around his neck. She was a few years younger than him, but for some reason had been infatuated with Dean when they were in high school. He had always been polite, but dismissive.
“Uh, yeah, yeah I’m on my way. Thanks, Bobby,” Cas replied, already sitting in his car. After he hung up the phone and tossed it onto his passenger seat he shook his head, trying to clear it of the screams, Dean’s melding with his brother’s in his mind: the last time he had been to the hospital. He knew Rapid was the best trauma center; he knew that first hand. He also knew first hand just because they were the best didn’t mean they could save everyone.
“I’m not planning on running Gabe, I mean…I can’t promise this thing will work, he may never want to see me again after this whole thing, but for now, I want to stay. I want to be that person for him. But, you should know, I’m not this wholesome pure wonderful person; I have my shit too, a lot of it. I don’t really know how I could possibly be the one to help him when I can’t even help myself most of the time,” Dean said, curling up in the blanket and sinking lower in the chair, staring up at the few visible stars above him.
Before he can process what has happened, Dean finds himself with his back pressed against the unforgiving concrete wall, feet scrabbling for purchase, trying to alleviate the pressure on his windpipe. With tears starting to prick at the corner of his eyes, he desperately tries to get any small amount of oxygen into his burning lungs. As he focuses on the face mere inches from his own, the confusion and panic only grows. Alastair, the demon that had been securely chained just seconds ago, now had his strong and slender hand wrapped around Dean’s neck, a sadistic, malicious smile spreading across his face that Dean knew better than he would ever admit.
“God dammit Castiel, get the fuck back here,” Gabriel shouted from the bedroom. Dean heard the sound of bare feet running down the hallway and then Cas came skidding around the corner, blanket wrapped around his shoulders. His eyes lit up when they landed on Dean.
"Maybe before you go to sleep, I'll read one chapter. Just one. It'll be slow, but at least we'll have a handle on the pacing."
Dean pushed himself up and leveled his gaze at Cas. “Hey, no! It’s not your fault Cas; she made her decision. I’m sure it sucks thinking about it, but you could always look for her now. You have the money to hire a private investigator if you wanted to,” Dean suggested.
“That’s okay, Dean, I know we are still learning each other and I didn’t make it clear if this was a scene or not. Do you want it to be?” Cas asked, voice husky. Dean thought about it, then nodded hesitantly. A wicked grin spread across Cas’s face, that glint in his eye that caused Dean to forget exactly how to breathe.
“You’re evil, you know that?” Dean pouted. Cas just chuckled darkly as he pulled into the parking lot of his building. He quickly turned toward Dean and pinned him with his gaze.
Cas remains at the table, unmoving, as he hears Dean pull the recently vacated chair closer and carefully sit down. Cas can see his stocking feet angled toward him, obviously waiting for Cas to acknowledge his presence, waiting for a conversation Cas is fairly certain he doesn’t want to have. Taking a breath and steadying his emotions, he turns his head and glances at Dean and is met with an unexpectedly soft smile as Dean quickly drops his eyes and starts picking at the edge of the table nervously.
“I got it, I got it, I just got some stuff to make this weekend more enjoyable,” Charlie explained, like this wasn’t totally overboard and unnecessary.
Castiel tilts his head—well, he would if he could—trying to understand what’s going on in front of him.
Cas grins as he heads down the hallway, thinking about what Sam had said. His only goal for the rest of his life would be to make Dean happy, to try and give him some of the happiness he’s deserved but never seemed to get throughout his entire life, it was the least Cas could do.
“Oh, so this is a ‘Dean interpretation’?” Charlie asked, throwing a pointed look at Dean lying next to her.
Charlie ordered some food for them before she ran out to get it, reasoning that she had a couple other errands to do anyway. After about an hour she came bursting back through the door, hands full with various bags and packages.
Dean shook his head, clearing that train of thought quickly, before it even got started. He lowered himself into one of the cushionless dark wicker chairs that had been shoved up against the house at some point. He could go grab one of the comfy cushions emblazoned with bumble bees that appeared to be happily buzzing over light green fabric, they were housed in the storage bin less than ten feet away, but Dean didn’t really see the point and, instead, curled up on the hard chair staring out at a sky that would have given any painting a serious run for its money. He watched as the once blue sky quickly melted into dark purples which bled into vibrant oranges and reds, setting the sky on fire as the sun sank slowly behind the horizon.
“Thank you Dean, but…sometimes your logical brain and emotional brain don’t always agree. You may think you’d be okay, then figure out mid-scene that you’re not. If…if that ever happens, ever…you have to let me know okay? You have to promise me you’ll use your safe word, do you understand? This is important to me Dean…I need you to promise me,” Cas was all but pleading with Dean and that scared him. This man was not one to beg, not one to plead for anything.
"You’re hesitating, Dean." The Empty turns, dropping Castiel to the ground, and starts towards Dean. "You don’t have the guts."
Cas’s blanketed leg feels warm against Dean’s forehead, but his hand is cold between Dean’s palms. The only sounds in the room are the rattle of the air conditioning unit, Dean’s sniffling, hiccuping breaths, and the patter of the heart monitor. Dean begins to wonder how much time Cas’s body has before it can no longer be sustained by machines, now that his grace is gone.
"Hey," Gabriel stands in front of him, both hands on his shoulder. "You and Dean didn’t just fight off the Empty for you to listen to whatever bullshit it had to say, okay? You’re not worth any less because you don’t have phenomenal cosmic powers."
It's not difficult to figure out where in the storyline of the first chapter they are. Sam may have finished reading before Charlie went under, but Dean and Cas are still going through the motions. Right now, Cas is standing at the end of his driveway, looking flustered at the attentions of a slim brunette as Dean stomps up his front lawn, slamming the door as he goes inside his own home. Looks like Westley is being doted on by the Countess, and Buttercup is none too pleased.
Dean worked his phone out of his front pocket, stared at the screen, pulled up Cas’s number, and opened a new message. He typed and deleted a few different messages, unable to decide on what exactly he wanted to ask.
“Eh, nothing, just…I couldn’t…uh, I just really couldn’t bring myself to go back in there,” Dean admitted, scooching even further down in his seat. He just waited for Gabe to start giving him shit for being a pansy, for being weak because he couldn’t deal with it all. Instead, Gabriel simply agreed, surprising Dean.
“You really do need to work on speaking in full sentences, Dean,” Cas quipped. “Stay right here, I forgot something,” he said as he strode away back toward the bar and left Dean standing there, mouth agape as he tried to make sense of everything happening around him.
Cas waited for Dean to relax again, or relax as much as possible with a vibrating plug buzzing away inside of him. Cas ran a soothing hand down Dean's side, leaned over him and placed a kiss, sucking gently at the sensitive skin behind his ear, causing Dean to whine loudly. There was a sheen of sweat glistening over Dean's skin, his brow furrowed, concentrating on staying still, on being good for Cas, whines and groans escaping from his throat now and then.
He was also well aware (from plenty of experience) that she wasn’t one to mess with or defy. Dean may be quite a bit taller and have at least fifty pounds on her, but she was feisty and could take him down if she really wanted to, and had multiple times, not that Dean would admit that to anyone.
“4 AM,” Gabriel answered. He had gotten a panicked phone call from a few of the senior staff at the club after they closed. They had seen the people coming and going from Cas’s apartment lately and, with most of them knowing his history, they were rightfully concerned.
Only two steps away from their fenced yard Taylor immediately flops over on the road verge to roll in the tree’s fallen white petals. Castiel smiles as Dean rolls his eyes and starts talking to the contented pup. Probably saying something like, "Really? We haven’t even made it past the block."
“What? I mean, uh, yeah, I guess, like that shitty book series? Fifty greys or some shit?” Dean responded as he looked literally anywhere but directly at the man in front of him, feeling a blush creep up his neck and spread over his face, throat clicking when he tried swallowing past the sudden dryness.
Well shit, she quite literally just succinctly and nonchalantly laid out what had always been one of his biggest fears and subsequent regrets of his high school career, hell...still to this day if he was honest, like it was nothing. Who the hell was she to assume she knew so much about him?
Something inside Cas crackles like old machinery settling in an abandoned factory. He sinks into the armchair next to the couch and says plainly, "Happy and in good health. Which is all that matters."
“Dean, this is serious, I’m not a good person. You shouldn’t want anything to do with me; you should be running for the hills as fast as you can,” Cas said, staring back at Dean incredulously.
“Yes, please Castiel, I’ll d-do any-god dammit-anything, please, jus-fuck just let me come, please,” Dean sobbed out, tears streaking down his face, hands gripping the dark green rope in desperation, chest heaving and muscles shaking.
"You do know only psychopaths and delinquents go on early morning runs, right?" Dean shouts out to him, squinting against the early morning sun with a smirk tugging at the corners of his lips.
Before Dean could miss the feel of Cas’s stubble on his face he felt the man’s hand on his thigh slowly start trailing fingers up and down, inching closer and closer to where Dean really wanted them with each slow pass they made. After a few dozen lazy grazes that set every nerve on high alert, Cas removed his hand and Dean audibly whined and looked over at him.
“I’m staying big bro. I can’t deal with this again, so I’m going to stop it before it goes any further. I won’t make the mistake of ignoring it again,” he said pointedly, leaving little room for argument.
Dean watched on incredulously, anger simmering at being so blatantly ignored. “You’re not the boss of me, I don’t even fucking know you. Let me out, I’ll go get my own god damn drink,” Dean said, scooting closer to Castiel, who glanced at Dean out of the corner of his eye. He slowly grabbed his drink, brought it to his lips and took a sip savoring the burn it left in its wake, taking absolutely no notice of Dean or the fact he was trying to leave the booth.
Within the dark wooden box is a fairly simple titanium band nestled against dark green velvet. What makes the ring special, hell more than that, truly one of a kind is the blue light running around the center of the band in place of gemstones. Dean just stands and stares, unable to make his voice work, throat dry.
Dean wasn’t sure how much he would really remember from the conversation, realistically he didn’t think much, at least not the fine details. Even so, he listened intently and did his best to focus and retain what he could. Gabe had explained that it had been a very, very long time since Cas had anything even close to resembling a relationship. He explained in very vague and broad strokes that how Cas’s last relationship ended had very nearly killed him and that, after that experience, Cas had shut everyone out, had refused to get close to anyone, and had aggressively shoved everyone away the moment he felt them threatening his defenses. He cut them loose before they could even think about getting close to the walls he had so carefully constructed over the years.
"Well if I knew that, this wouldn’t be as much of an issue, now would it?!" Charlie shrieks as she shoves past Cas into the house and begins pacing up and down his hallway.
“What if I want you to? Castiel.” Dean asked quietly, not wholly wanting to admit to what he wanted. Cas’s hand continued tracing patterns onto the skin of Dean’s back, comforting and grounding.
“Hey, you chose this life years ago, you can handle yourself. My students are trying to make something of themselves, trying to steer clear and get out!” Gabe shouted back.
“After this some of us are going over to Stella’s if you want to join,” she said as she walked away. Dean groaned and laid his head on the table in front of him. He really just wanted to go home, but what the hell would he do once he was there? Drink alone for the rest of the night until he was drunk and passed out on his couch, again. Instead, he could join some people he didn’t completely hate over at one of the local clubs, drink a bit, and maybe get dragged out on the dancefloor as he half-heartedly protested. Hell, maybe he would end up bringing someone home with him; it had been a while.
“What’s your color, Dean?” Cas asked as he grabbed the other toy off the bed next to him and clicked open the bottle of lube.
Castiel’s hand rises to his throat, where his grace should be. When did he lose it? Not taken from him, not this time. His eyes lock with Dean’s. He knows that look. Self-blame. Beautiful Dean Winchester, who always puts himself on the altar of sacrifice, always racing his brother and Castiel himself to be the one to lay himself down under the knife.
Shaken by a cooling gust, a petal flutters downward and sticks to the sweaty skin on the back of Castiel’s neck.
"Oh, we're fine. Taylor was just trying to find the best spot to do her business and there might have been some bug chasing. It was rather endearing, truth be told. She's lovely." Castiel stops himself from ranting more about the dog and finds Dean looking at him with a strange look on his face. He doesn't know what the look is, but he knows he wouldn't be opposed to seeing more of it. It makes Dean appear open and soft, much more vulnerable than he usually is. Like a look reserved just for him.
The empty had actually given him up fairly willingly, mumbling that “the lovesick fool won’t shut up about Dean and how fantastic he is. I now know you have 347 freckles Winchester, I didn’t need to know that, please take him so I can finally sleep.”
“Nah, nothing like that. I just like to make sure my people have a place to go if they want it. Now, go get back to work; I’m not paying ya to sit here and gab,” Bobby huffed out with a small smile.
“Seriously Cas, I know you have heavy shit in your past. I don’t care about that. I care about who you are now, the person that helps people who need you, who ensures they will never have to carry the weight that you do, that they have options. That matters Cas; that’s important,” Dean said, no hint of his previous humor in his tone. “You’re important. You do good things. You make an impact, Cas, you really do.”
“I know, but, it has to count for something right?” Dean asked quietly, picking at the seam of the blanket.
“Now Castiel, do you really not recognize me? That hurts,” the other man said, calm and controlled as he paced around Cas’s small space.
"You tell me, Dean. One moment I’m working and the next, Charlie comes barging into my house to tell me you’ve been kidnapped!  We ran back to your place and Taylor was in the yard, barking like she’d lost her mind. She led me this way while Charlie ran to go find the police!"
In the weeks following his brother's death he would learn that because Michael was standing in front of him when the bullets started flying, he had acted like a shield for Cas, protecting him from getting hit with anything more than a graze here and there. He had also learned that the “pick-up” had indeed been a set up: Chuck had been worried Michael was earning a following, was worried he would be taken out as leader of their gang and didn’t want to give up that power.
Before he slipped out the door, he pulled on his old black biker boots and laced them up. He then took one slow look around the apartment, walked out the door, made sure it was locked, and walked away from the life he had built over the last few years. He dropped his key with Alfie, reminding him Gabriel would stop by to pick it up: he had agreed to stop in now and again to check up on the place while Cas was holing up in some rat infested shit hole on the other side of town. He didn’t want to, he would have loved to come back to his basic comforts he had grown accustomed to, but he couldn’t risk drawing any additional risks to his staff, friends or family, so he would stay as far away as possible for the time being.
“I swear to whatever forsaken deity you call God if any harm comes to him...” Cas threatened before being cut off.
Castiel knows this is dangerous. Every conversation with Dean is like a ticking time bomb for him to remember everything. Castiel knows the risks in being so close to Dean, and he knows that whatever life they had before was gone. Nothing. A pleasant dream at best.
“Hell yeah I’ll help! Just tell me what you want me to do! Anything man, seriously! Do you have ideas yet, have you picked out a ring, does he have any idea?” Sam continued on with his hand still resting on Cas’s shoulder. Cas just grinned and let the man drone on and ask a million questions about what was to come. They only had a few weeks to prepare, but Cas had a plan.
“I met someone,” was all he could say. He refused to give details, didn’t want anyone connected to this seedy world to have any information about Dean.
Cas  understands almost immediately, “Do you want me to help you back into bed Dean?” He nods slightly, still trying to gain control of himself. To his surprise Cas inches closer, slides one arm under Dean’s knees, the other behind his shoulders, doing his best to avoid the injuries on Dean's back, and stands like Dean weighs next to nothing, which he guesses for the angel is true.
Inky black feelers halt in their progress. Not-Meg looks stunned. Taylor’s growls, still constant, have dropped to a range nearly inaudible to the human ear. Every other sound seems to have stopped. Even Dean, who had managed to take a single step forward, has paused, staring at Castiel. With all eyes on him, Castiel can’t help but feel a surge of confidence. He straightens himself up and opens his mouth to say more when the Empty begins laughing.
“What? Why didn’t you stop him? You’re a giant and you couldn’t stop him?” Cas spits out, not meaning to sound unkind, but he knew it came out snippy. Luckily Sam seems to understand.
“Here, text me sometime,” he said almost dismissively before standing up and walking away. Dean figured he was angry and upset with him which was nothing new. He rolled his eyes and picked up the card which read “Castiel Novak, LMSW: Children’s Therapist” with his phone numbers and email below. A children's therapist? That was definitely not anything Dean would have guessed Cas would have gone into. Although, now that he thought about it, he was the one who always listened to him, helped him, and talked him down off the ledge more than once, both figuratively and literally a couple times. He couldn’t help but grin as he tucked the card into his own wallet.
As soon as he was sure Gabe was gone, he let out a guttural scream, throwing the chair he had been sitting in across his living room, causing it to explode into splinters as it hit the wall. He stood panting and crying in the middle of his small, dimly lit living room, unable to move, unable to do anything except let the anger, hurt and rage that had acted as his comfort for years wash over him again, washing away who he had been the last few years, leaving only Castiel, “Angel of Death” and an angry hot head whose first inclination was aggression and violence. The only difference now was he had a finish line in sight, knew what he was fighting for and why he was doing it all: to keep Dean safe and to get back to him so they could run far, far away from here.
At his words Cas visibly deflated, almost folding in on himself, arms wrapping around his middle protectively as he slid down to the floor. He rested his back against the couch and pulled his knees up to his chest, eyes glassy and unseeing as he stared straight ahead.
Cas let go of his chin and climbed off the bed just as quickly as he had gotten on. Dean was left, mouth open slightly, watching him as he walked slowly over to the closet.
Cas leaned forward, peppering kisses along the trail his fingers had just made: down his neck to his chest, up over his collarbone, over his shoulder, down his arm to his wrist and back up and over his chest, stopping to lightly bite his overly sensitive nipple which elicited a groan from Dean as Cas continued along his path down to his ribs, causing Dean to squirm, then back up and over his right shoulder, down his arm, to his wrist and then coming back up to crash his lips into Dean’s, pulling him closer, hands roving over bare skin.
Trying the handle, Castiel is shocked to find his door unlocked; that is one of the things he always remembers to do. Slowly he pushes the door open and follows the light into the living room. Castiel wasn’t sure what to expect, but the redhead lounging on his couch is certainly not it.
They sat in silence for awhile, passing the bottle--that was somehow already more than halfway gone--between them every so often, the only sounds comprised of the faint roar of vehicles and pedestrians a few stories below, interrupted every so often by sloshing liquid as they lifted the quickly draining bottle to their lips time and time again.
“I’ll believe you’ve changed when you stop making the same fucking mistakes time and time again and using the same excuses to justify them time and time again,” Gabe shouted back, unwilling to play into his brother's hurt feelings. Gabe cared about Dean, had cared about their sister; he didn’t want to lose another person.
As Dean continues down the hallway a bit dazed, following the lights, Cas steps out of their bedroom. He is clad in dark jeans and a simple white button up with his sleeves rolled up to his elbow and his top two buttons undone, blue tie hanging loosely around his neck, backwards. Dean immediately realizes his outfit is no doubt a homage to what had practically been his uniform for over a decade, suit, tie and trench coat , but he had chilled out in the last year, more often than not clad in jeans and a t-shirt, usually one of Deans. And he loves Cas’ more laid back style, but he will always have a soft spot for this original Cas attire.
Charlie pouts. "You’re kicking me out? It’s kind of late, and I don’t have anywhere to go." She sits up suddenly, inspired. "Nevermind. I’m all good!" In an instant, she is on her feet, grabbing her shoulder bag and heading toward the door.
“No…” Cas admitted, hanging his head. Dean placed his finger under the man’s chin and lifted his face before placing a kiss to Cas’s lips.
When Dean groggily blinked awake his head started pounding almost immediately. He groaned and rolled over onto his stomach, burying his face into the cushion below him.
“Hmmm, my sweet boy, I can’t do that right now okay? It’s not you, I can’t feel like you’re trapped either, do you understand?” Cas asked sweetly.
“Yeah, yeah. Wipe that look off your face,” Cas said as he sat down and crossed his legs, resting one ankle on the opposite knee, elbow propped on the armrest to his right, hand resting on his ankle, holding his drink.
“Why should I trust you?” Cas asked, really just buying time; he knew he couldn’t trust any of them.
“Stop pouting, I’ll see you tomorrow, I promise,” Cas said in that tone that Dean was very quickly growing very fond of. Dean rolled his eyes without thinking as he muttered some type of noncommittal agreement in response to Cas’s words. Suddenly, he had been spun around and the side of his face was being shoved against the door as Cas’s body completely pinned him. Dean tried to struggle for a second, purely out of surprise and habit. After a moment he went pliant against the door and Cas’s lips were at his ear. “I said, stop pouting. If you say yes after our conversation tomorrow you better understand that I will not tolerate blatant disrespect or attitude, especially after you’re given clear and simple instructions. Do I make myself clear?” he asked, low and intense as he outright scolded Dean, which the younger man should definitely not find as hot as he did.
After breakfast and cleaning up Dean assumed Cas would order him to the bedroom, or maybe bend him over the couch and take him right there. He tried throwing out all the hints he possibly could that he would be very, very okay with either of those scenarios. Instead, after eating, Cas hurried Dean to get dressed and then practically shoved him out the front door, left him with a chaste peck and closed the door behind him.
“Ye-uh, yeah, that, that sounds about right, I guess,” Dean answered quietly, staring intently at his toes, unable to look Cas in the eyes as he admitted that he was completely correct in his assessment.
Dean walked back to the living room in a daze, sure that this was just the withdrawal talking, but still taken aback by Cas’s intensity. When he turned the corner to the living room, Gabriel was there wrapping Dean in his arms. Dean initially stilled and then relaxed, wrapping his arms back around the shorter man, trying to hold back the tears that were threatening to fall.
He pauses. He worries his lip. "I wanted… I’m sorry, I wanted you not to have to lose being an angel. Not for me. I’m so sorry. But come back to me, Cas. I know I’m asking for something from you again, but I’m askin’."
“He’s a stubborn asshole on his best days; when he’s detoxing, he’s an insufferable tyrant. It doesn’t matter how many times either; it’s always the same,” Gabe said, voice sounding far away. Dean handed the bottle back.
“If you were at full health and able to kneel for any period of time, I would have you under my desk warming my cock while I worked,” Cas said casually. Dean choked on nothing and sputtered, trying to regain his breath while Cas just smirked knowingly.
“Dean…” Cas says, tone firm and scolding, clearly eager to get an actual answer out of this insanely frustrating man.
“Hmmm, I don’t think so, actually…” Cas trailed off and he clicked the vibrations up yet another increment as he resumed trailing kisses across Dean’s neck and down his back, nipping now and then, sucking bruises into his pale freckled skin as he went, leaving a trail in his wake.
That is Castiel, angel of the Lord. He’s a thunderstorm, loud like thunderclaps, brilliant and unexpected like each crack of lightning, refreshing and comforting as the pitter patter of raindrops on a roof. Then, underneath all of that, often sneaking out almost shyly, unsure, is a warmth that Dean feels deep down in his bones, an overwhelming calm and rightness that was so often missing from his life. He hadn’t ever told Cas, or anyone, any of this and he never will, but he really doesn’t want to lose the only good and comfortable thing in his life.
"Cas, please give me a chance to say it back to you, every day for the rest of my life. Happiness… happiness doesn’t have to just be in the being, Cas, it can be in the having too."
When he finally, fully comprehended what was happening and that he was being dragged across the floor, in front of everyone, by a strange man, panic set in. The young man stilled, trying to formulate a plan of escape, his alcohol soaked brain sluggish, synapses not quite firing on all cylinders. When they were about halfway across the room, Castiel's grip relaxed momentarily giving the younger man the chance to twist away from him and bolt for the door. Castiel stood staring at the boy’s back as he ran out the door into the chilly black night, Cas still holding the leather jacket.
The following week passed easily: Charlie moved back to the apartment as soon as a new door was installed, Sam and Jess headed back to California, wanting to get some time with her family before they both had to be back at school, Sam only okay leaving Dean after seeing how Cas took care of his brother and didn’t take any of his shit.
The weekend went by far too quickly, Dean had actually had a great time with Charlie. Glinda had even come over for a bit, and he really enjoyed finally getting to know her better and absolutely loved the fact she didn’t take Charlie's, or his, shit and could hold her own without a sweat. She fit in perfectly.
"Winchester, where are you?" she yells as she shuts the door behind her, greeting Taylor as she saunters up to her, patting her head while scanning the empty living room.
Cas knew that Dean could only hold off the cops and their questioning so long before they simply took matters into their own hands. Honestly, he had been surprised at how long they had let the other man shove them off and make up excuses as to why they shouldn’t come talk to him. So he wasn’t totally surprised when Jody waltzed into his room unexpectedly.
Although his vision is hazy, black inching in to obscure more and more every minute, closing in on him, Dean shakes his head, trying to snap it back, to give himself a few more moments of what little lucidity he still has. He decides to close his eyes and try to assess his injuries and figure out just what kind of shape he’s really in while Alastair busied himself with something across the room.
“Yes, a bell, like you get a cat in the suburbs so they can’t sneak up on the birds and whatnot,” Dean said, still glaring at Cas.
“Cas,” Dean said, tone full of admiration, finally turning toward the other man, “I trust you…you’re not…you’re not him, I…you could do anything to me, I wouldn’t be afraid. I know you would never really hurt me…and I know if I used a safe word you would stop, immediately.”
“Are you ready my sweet boy?” Cas asked, stroking the side of Dean’s face. Dean leaned into the contact, humming happily which caused Cas to grin down at him.
"Maybe I'd better not answer that question." Dean laughs heartily, and Castiel again marvels at the way his entire face brightens. In those brief moments, it seems as if the entire weight of the world is finally falling off Dean’s shoulders.
“He uh…again, you cannot tell my brother this, he may literally kill me,” Gabriel looked over to Dean seriously; Dean nodded in agreement. “Alfie keeps me...informed. Lets me know who he sees coming and going from Cas’s apartment,” he glanced over at Dean and almost looked guilty. “Don’t look at me like that; it started because I was worried he was on the verge of a relapse, and I simply asked Alfie if he had seen anyone that may be dealing come or go. The kid got all squirrely, so I knew something was going on, just not the details. Eventually, I got it out of him: Cas had been venturing down to the club every few nights, around closing time, wandering through the crowd and honing in on those trying to cause problems, the big guys who were too angry for their own good and hell bent on taking it out on the world.”
“Uh, no, I’m from Kansas, I guess; kind of lived a little bit of everywhere growin’ up,” Dean answered, as he sat up and crossed his legs in a way his brother used to call ‘criss-cross applesauce’. The memory brought a slight smile to Dean’s lips, that was gone just as quickly as it came, as he picked at the hem of his pants. If Cas noticed he didn't ask.
It’s not until Cas feels something warm that he looks down to find Dean’s hand on top of his. He’s about to apologize when Dean speaks up.
If you're still here thank you so much for sticking with me! And thank you to you lovely commenters and kudo-leavers, y'all are the best :) Well...I suppose here we go, enjoy!
Cas turns his head so Deans short hair brushes against his chin, and closes his eyes, just trying to soak in this moment, appreciating the fact that the Dean Winchester is allowing Castiel to cuddle him, to protect him, and maybe the most astounding to Cas, allowing himself to be cared for and loved without an argument or a fight. Cas wasn’t sure if anything in the millions of years he had been alive could top this moment and he wanted to remember it always, no matter how fleeting it may be.
“Cassie, man, what are you doing?” he asked the wild eyed man in front of him. His hair was sticking up every which way, dark circles were under his eyes, his sweatpants and t-shirt were rumpled. Cas stopped pacing and looked up at Gabriel like he couldn’t quite place him or figure out why he was suddenly standing in his apartment.
"A part of me hoped, Dean." Cas leans in, resting his forehead against Dean’s as the space between them disappears. "And with your words, I know without a doubt." A soft smile plays upon Cas’s lips. "If I may be so bold, it sounds as though there’s nothing for either of us to forgive."
"Sorry, but, uh, have we met before?" Dean asks, the red in his cheeks making his freckles stand out.
“Let me handle that a second. Have a seat on the couch, Dean; I’ll be right back,” Gabriel explained, redirecting Dean toward the sunken living room and quickly making his way down the hallway. Dean heard him knock on the bedroom door and then say something he couldn’t quite make out, in a soothing but scolding tone.
“You’re amazing Dean, I mean that,” Cas said, his eyes boring into Dean’s before he leaned back again and continued his tour of Dean’s skin. His fingers worked down Dean’s arm, coming to the initials about halfway down his left forearm.
“That sounds like the perfect plan honey. I can’t wait to come home to you, in our home, to my husband,” Cas grins over at Dean who has a matching smile on his face.
He isn’t surprised to hear that deep timber call out to him. He had assumed Cas would be in his head, would be where he felt comfortable and happy. He tries to sink deeper into oblivion, but he is pulled closer to the surface by an unmistakable crash and rustling, and he steels himself for what he assumes is another tactic of Alastair's. When he feels no impact or additional pain he cracks open his eyes and looks around like a wild animal, trying to will his mind to piece together what was happening. Then he sees it, that god awful tan trench coat, on top of what he assumes is Alastair. An arm comes up and then plunges a blade into Alastair, accompanied by the unmistakable flicker of the demon dying.
He frowns at himself for ruining his own mood and chooses to focus on keeping an eye on Taylor while she trots off into the front yard. She sniffs around a few spots. Paws at the small rose bush that Dean had decided to try growing this year. Sniffs around some more. Rolls around the grass. Sniffs the same spot she sniffed earlier.
“Yeah, I am, aren't I?” Cas asked and Gabriel’s heart broke. His voice was so small and scared at what he knew was coming, not only the withdrawals, but the shit-storm that was undoubtedly brewing, threatening to drag him back down into the quagmire his life had been years ago, one they both thought they had gotten out of for good. They should have known better; no one really left, no one truly got out, that blood never really washed off no matter how hard they scrubbed.
Before he had worked up enough mental fortitude to venture back to Cas’s side, he heard the heavy slider door click open and slide smoothly along the tracks followed by a pause as someone stepped out and then slid the door shut again. Dean hadn’t even turned to look at who had joined him when fuzzy warm fabric fell over his head. He grunted his annoyance, not able to do much more thanks to the shivering, and quickly wrapped the oversized blanket around him, pulling it tightly and pulling his legs up underneath him so the only part of him that was visible was his face. He turned toward the man sinking down in the chair next to him with a matching blanket and an almost full bottle of whiskey.
He glanced around frantically, trying to find someone, anyone else, close enough to save him from a confrontation he did not want to have in the middle of a crowded room, or really at all, ever. Dean had never been so relieved to see Becky sliding into the chair next to him, scraping it across the floor and getting just a bit too close for comfort. Unfortunately, that didn’t seem to deter the man who was laser focused on him and quickly closing the space that separated them.
“You’re doing so good for me Dean, you’re being such a good boy for me, I’m so proud of you. Do you think you can take just a bit more?” Cas whispered into Dean's ear.
Dean slowly got himself off the bed and hobbled over to where his clothes were now neatly piled on the dresser. He grabbed his boxers, sat back on the bed, and yanked them on, taking a minute to get used to the cold metal now between his legs. He wasn’t entirely sure how he felt about it yet.
“He’s going through withdrawal, isn’t he?” Dean suddenly asked, breaking the silence as his hand carded through Cas’s dark unruly hair staring down at the man. Gabriel only nodded. Cas stared at nothing across the room, twitchy and fidgety. Dean sighed, knowing too well what the man was going through. While he didn’t use regularly, there had been a few times his use had gone on for too long and had been too heavy and it had resulted in a week or so of absolutely miserable withdrawal. Every time it happened he had been holed up in some shitty motel room, alone and sure he was dying.
Thankful Dean can’t see his giveaway expression from the kitchen, Castiel forces another lie in answer. "I, uh, just needed a change of pace." He cringes at himself. Hopefully Dean can't see right through his transparent attempt to remember the cover story he devised. He hadn't expected to be faced with the man up close so soon. However, Dean appears not to notice.
“Mmm has a nice ring to it doesn’t it?” Dean mumbles against Cas’s neck, placing a kiss there and nuzzling back in, a matching smile on his face, “greatest anniversary ever.”
“Wait, what? I thought...where are you…” Dean stammered before sliding out trying to keep up with the man now walking at a brisk pace toward the back of the club. Dean finally caught up to Cas, who stopped without warning and spun around abruptly, causing Dean to collide into his chest. “What the…” Dean sputtered, frustrated and absolutely not taking notice of the hard muscle under Cas’ shirt or his large hands that had come up to his waist to steady him.
As he walks away from Cas, from the make-believe life Cas has taken as real, guilt and regret bubble in Dean's gut. The play acting—all the outright passes, all the flirting—that he couldn't do before, is fun. Until it isn't.
Cas had actually stumbled upon some of Bobby’s books covering PTSD and trauma responses over the last few weeks when rifling through the shelves trying to find something to something to pass the time as Dean laid in bed, unconscious, and Cas unable to heal him, going out of his mind with worry. He knows that’s most likely what this was, Deans head trying to handle the events of the past few weeks, past few years really, and Dean is stubborn, most likely trying to fight against the feelings being dredged back up, trying to lash out with anger (which explained the broken figurine shattered on the floor), not listening to his limits and trying to push through them (probably how he ended up on the floor), this stubborn beautiful man would be the end of Cas, he was sure of it. Without thinking much about it, so as not to talk himself out of it, Cas reaches over and gently touches Dean’s face, and much to his surprise Dean leans into it, eyes slowly refocusing and then gently closing, seeming to soak it in, like he is worried it will be taken away from him any second. Cas smiles slightly, relaxes back into the mattress and tentatively removes his hand from Deans face, slinging it around his shoulders instead, not pulling Dean closer, but allowing him to wiggle his way across the few inches between them, pressing his body against Cas’ side, throwing an arm over his chest and laying his head on his shoulder. Cas tightens his grip around Dean's back, not too binding, allowing Dean to scoot away if he decides to, but secure enough that Dean knows he is protected, that Cas won’t allow anything to happen as he sleeps. Dean lets out a contented sigh, and for perhaps the first time since Cas had met him, looks at peace, or at the very least relaxed.
The rough metal cuffs around Dean’s wrists are attached to a type of pulley system he hadn’t noticed previously and only now takes note of as he’s hoisted vertically so the toes of his worn brown boots barely scrape the floor. The metal immediately digs into the sensitive skin around his wrists, no doubt digging in deep enough to break skin. If left long enough, the position will undoubtedly result in blood running down his arms.
“So why do you?” Adam asked quietly, eyebrows raised questioningly. Dammit, the guy was perceptive, Cas hadn’t even realized his use of past tense in his rant.
As the demon looks over the instruments of destruction Cas had laid out for Dean to use mere hours ago, the thought of his friend unexpectedly makes Dean's chest hurt. He’d let the angel down, failed at the task entrusted to him, and now Cas would no doubt leave, like everyone did once they realized the person Dean really is. Cas will have no further use for someone who can’t finish what he started, and messes up the simplest of tasks.
"Never mind," Gabriel sighs loudly and walks away from him. "You’ll find out soon enough. Maybe. Who knows." Castiel is about to question it when he feels something on his palm. It’s gentle and maybe even wet as it goes from his wrist to middle finger. He smiles, deciding that believing Taylor, his grace, became one with the universe makes saying good-bye to that part of his life much easier.
Dean is starting to fade, black dots floating in and out of his vision. He is ready to drift, ready to fall into the welcoming darkness. He wanted to give in so badly, wants to sink into the promised comfort of the oblivion to get the pain to stop. He wants to be home (whatever that even looks like for him), with the people he loves and who he thinks love him too, even if he can’t understand why.
Gabriel’s voice fades. At first, there is silence, and Castiel wonders if he were to open his eyes again now, if he’d find anything at all or if he’d be lost in a white void forever. But then. Then...
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and huffs out in frustration. "I’m trying, Red. I really am. Cut me some slack. I’m terrified of everything that can go wrong. And everything
"That’s it. Just accept it, Castiel. Make this easier for yourself," the Empty practically purrs in his ear, a cold, inky tendril snaking up his chest and wrapping around his neck again. Cas swears he can make out a sickly grin spreading through the goo where Dean’s face had been just a moment before.
“I love you too Castiel,” Dean responds before Cas has time to question it. He falls into Dean, both men giddy and giggly, smiles essentially permanent fixtures on their faces as they lay nose to nose.
Cas had held on as tight as he could, fists twisting in the rough fabric of Dean’s jacket, suddenly unable to let go. He hadn’t realized how nervous he had been about seeing Dean again, he hadn’t planned on it, at least not that quickly. He thought he knew how Dean felt about him, what role Dean had him slotted into among his friends and family, a brother, a powerful and important type of love for sure, but not the same type Cas felt for him and that was okay. As long as he had Dean he would be content, he had said his piece and it was up to Dean to dictate where this relationship would, or more likely, wouldn’t go. He definitely hadn’t expected Dean to be so emphatic so soon after his return.
Dean kneels several feet away, one arm wrapped around Taylor and the other holding an angel blade to her throat.
Exactly a week later Castiel paced his living room, trying to lay out all the reasons he should definitely stay put and definitely not go down to the club. The most obvious reason was what had happened last week, after the boy had fled, Cas' head had swam with thoughts and for the first time in longer than he wanted to think about he had poured himself a drink, throwing back the amber liquid, relishing the burn as it made its way down his throat. He knew the young man probably wouldn’t show back up, but still, there was a small twinge of hope in the back of his brain that he couldn’t ignore. He had no idea why this man intrigued him so thoroughly or why he hadn’t been able to get him out of his head all week.
"Hey, Sweetheart. I'm sorry if I scared you. It's okay. Everything's fine. Nothing's gonna happen to you or me; we're gonna be just fine here." Dean rocks them both together, hugging her to his chest with his arms around her and hiding his face in her fur to murmur calm and soothing words in her ear, hoping he could for once also believe everything he's telling her.
Since the last chapter was shorter (not to mention I want to get y'all the fluff soon) here's another one :)
? With a man who looks eerily like Cole Trenton. Immediately after comes some random villain number four. Dean drops his cog and rushes into the fray.
What starts as a chaste kiss quickly turns heated and passionate, hands soon begin working to discard clothing, shirts are flung across the library, socks forgotten among the stacks of books, when hands begin undoing Cas’s belt buckle they both realize they are very much in view of anyone who wanders past, and seeing as they are not the only two in the bunker they quickly make their way down the long hallway to Deans room. Taking breaks now and then to push one another up against the wall; trail kisses down each others necks and chests, nibble on collarbones and leave bruises scattered across chests.
Cas’s fingers began tracing along the various tattoos now visible on Dean’s body. There was a large symbol over Dean’s heart. Cas traced it, then glanced up at Dean, looking for an explanation.
Castiel grabbed the leather coat from where it had hung on a hook inside his door all week and headed down to the first floor. He told himself on the elevator ride down that he would just drop the coat off then go out for the evening, take a walk around the city to clear his head, or maybe see a movie. But when the elevator doors opened up and he heard the thumping music of the club, his resolve stuttered for just a moment. No; he would drop the coat, then leave, that was that. He stepped out of the elevator, made his way down the short hallway that housed the office and bathrooms, and then rounded the corner out to the dance floor. His eyes scanned the crowd out of habit as he walked along the edge of the room, making his way to the bar and leaving the brown leather coat with his bartender, explaining briefly what its owner looked like.
“So, you’re saying I’m like a cat stalking its prey,” Cas asked, voice taking on a dark and predatory tone which made Dean’s mouth go dry and erased any snarky comebacks from his mind. He simply nodded.
“I know you didn’t; it’s not something I usually talk about. She left because I got into the same shit Michael had, and then I just let her go and never went after her. She could be dead and I would have no idea,” Cas lamented, beating himself up over his actions of over a decade ago.
“I’m not going to bind you darling, no matter what you choose tonight, but you have to stay still for me okay? I don’t want you to feel stuck or like you can’t get away or stop this if you need to, do you understand?” Cas asked, leaning close to whisper the words in Dean’s ear as one hand traveled down his spine soothingly.
Finally he hears the front door open, hears the boys bickering about something, stomping down the metal stairs and dropping their bags on the table. Cas is pretty sure he has forgotten how to breathe, his hands are shaking and he isn’t sure how his legs are still supporting him.
After he watched Dean saunter back down the hallway, he pulled his phone from his pocket and placed an order with a local breakfast place. He slid his phone back in his pocket as he made his way to the bedroom. He could hear the water still running in the shower and made quick work of laying out what he wanted to see Dean in during breakfast, making his exit just as the water turned off.
“Yeah, because that sounds like me,” Dean rolled his eyes and impatiently checked his phone. After a few minutes, in which Dean absolutely did not check his phone every few seconds, it vibrated next to him with a less than stellar response.
"You’re lucky, you know that?" Dean sighs at Taylor, who stands up to inspect her favorite spot before starting a second rolling session. "You don’t have to worry about all of this crap. You just need food and water and a good walk." Taylor looks up at Dean and snorts. "And belly rubs." She continues rolling. "Yeah… no worries about saving the world or lying to people you care about."
“You expect me to not be cuddled up with you? On our last full day together! No sir, I’m not leaving this position, you can’t make me,” Dean said as he nuzzled into Cas even closer.
They had even moved in together, right after graduation. It was just a small, shitty apartment, nothing exciting or impressive by any stretch, but it was their first taste of freedom. Dean had worked at Bobby’s garage and managed to save enough money for a down-payment on a modest house across town. So, they had moved and started their white picket fence, apple pie life together, one that he had never felt totally comfortable with, in a house that didn’t quite feel like home.
Fortunately it seems like Trenton is frozen too, but in a strange way… like when an animatronic at Chuck E. Cheese can't complete the programmed movement. Dean looks at Castiel and winces when he sees the tears in Castiel’s eyes.
“Eh, the shakes have started,” Gabe said, shrugging, almost indifferent, but Dean knew now it was just an act, a mask, used to protect himself. He cared and worried about his brother.
“I’m here for you. I know how this feels, and I know how much it sucks and how you’re sure you’re dying most of the time. I also know how hard it is to stay clean. Cas, this isn’t anything new for me. Yeah, I’ve relapsed a few too many times, and I’ve never been the shining example of sobriety, but hey, I’m not going to run just because of this,” Dean stated emphatically.
Before Dean could start in on the tirade he seemed to be gearing up for, a young man with a black shirt with “security” written across the back in white letters came sauntering up to Cas, whispering something in his ear which earned a nod and sound of agreement from the man. He then motioned toward Dean, brows furrowed in a question, to which Cas waved him off and sent him on his way. He had fully expected to be roughly manhandled and  hauled away and Castiel’s dismissal of his muscle surprised him, still Dean's eyes followed the white ‘security’ until it disappeared in the crowd. Castiel chuckled as he settled back into the seat and motioned to the bartender to bring over a couple drinks: a whisky for himself and water for Dean.
“Dean, sit,” Castiel said, tone commanding. Dean’s eyes immediately snapped back to Cas as he dropped himself back into the seat, some of that fire and fury in his eyes directed back at him.
At that Cas let out an honest to god laugh and threw his head back. How the hell was this man making jokes right now? The last few days had been hell for Cas: worried about Dean as he slipped in and out, worried if he would ever walk normally again, worried about telling him and what that would mean for any semblance of a relationship they had or could ever have. Then Dean woke up and, within the first hour, had Cas wiping away tears of laughter.
Now that Cas was human he simultaneously seemed to have far too much unoccupied time and yet he often felt overwhelmed with all he needed to complete, tasks he had no need of when he was an angel. Things humans didn’t think twice about were foreign to him and annoyed him greatly most of the time. Simple things such as going to the bathroom, eating and most of all sleeping; how was he expected to spend seven to eight hours every night doing absolutely nothing? He was quickly learning however, that if he did not take the necessary time for these activities they demanded to be completed at very unfortunate times. He doesn’t know how many times he’s fallen asleep at the kitchen table, or curled up in a chair in the library while trying to do research, one time Dean had found him asleep on the floor of the shower--which was one of the few human necessities he didn’t entirely mind.
“It tends to happen when I actually have to think deeply about making sense,” he explained passively. Then he leaned forward a bit, resting his elbows on his knees, eyes staring at the ground in front of him. “This conversation stays between us. Cas doesn’t need to know about any of it. He wouldn't be very happy if he knew I knew most of it, but I have a feeling he would be even less thrilled if he found out you knew, got it?” Gabe asked, an intense and meaningful stare drilling into Dean’s nonexistent defenses.
"Damn that sucks," Dean says, sitting up and stretching his arms out. He places his arm on top of the couch, hovering above Castiel’s shoulder. Yeah, it was a little kiddish. The whole "stretch and put the arm around the girl/guy." But hey, observant was Dean’s middle name. And one of the many observations he made was that Castiel likes physical contact just as much as Dean does.
Throughout the day they cleaned the bunker and then went off to do their own thing, after being stuck in a car together for nine hours the day before they were both looking for a little space. Sam found himself once again settled in an oversized armchair with his laptop, scrolling through more ‘Angel of Thursday’ posts. There was close to a year's worth of longing and pining and want which Sam lost himself in, not really thinking, just reading and scrolling, reading and scrolling.
“So, Dean, are you from here?” Cas asked as he took a drink from his bottle and looked across the couch, waiting patiently for an answer.
A loud knock at the door interrupts Charlie. They look at each other for a moment before Dean cautiously goes to answer it. Charlie holds Taylor back, who begins growling as the door swings open.
He slapped on a black leather cuff bracelet, slipped on the necklace that held the ring he had gotten from Michael that didn’t fit his own fingers alongside the bullet casing of the bullet that had killed Lucifer, revenge repaid in full. The rest was a bit more difficult, but he knew it would help him further separate himself as “Cas” and who he had to become again. The piercings in his ears hadn’t really closed up, so those were fairly easy; the piercing in his lower lip however had long since scarred over. He huffed in annoyance, trying to convince himself he really didn’t need to do it, he would be fine without it, but it just didn’t feel right; he saw too much of who he currently was and not who he needed to be when looking in the mirror.
Charlie was leaving with Glinda today for a three week trip. Dean was thrilled with how excited she had been the last week while planning and packing, but he was dreading being alone for that long. Maybe he would see if Bobby had any overtime he could snatch up. He had no reason to sit alone in his apartment, and if he could make some extra money then why not.
Cas’s skin was marred by scars, a few from stab wounds, a couple from stray bullet fragments that had ricocheted and landed in him. One or two were from actual bullets that had been purposefully directed toward him, and countless others were from random scraps he had gotten into with his mom's boyfriend of the week, his rivals, or others trying to challenge him. Then there were those caused by a history of self harm and drug use.
Taylor, who wouldn’t exist, if she were part of the illusion. Taylor, always by Dean’s side, safeguarding him and being safeguarded by him.
Abruptly, Dean pulls back—still within Castiel’s embrace but too far away for Castiel’s liking, if his disgruntled face is anything to go off of. "Oh god, Cas. I’m so sorry! I don’t know how you’ll ever be able to forgive me, but I promise I will do everything in my power to make it up to you."
." Gabe steers Cas to a recliner and pushes his shoulder until Castiel flops down onto it, then kicks the lever that activates the footrest.
"I destroyed his grace, Sam. I didn’t even give him the choice. I just…" Dean collapses into a chair and hides his face in his hands, desperately trying to conceal the falling tears. "I thought he’d wake up."
As soon as the doors slid open, Dean crashed through the apartment, falling over himself as he tried getting his shoes off as he went down the first hallway. He threw his shoes toward the door and heard them hit the wall and fall to the ground; Cas wouldn’t be pleased, but right now he didn’t very much care. He hobbled down the hallway to the bedroom, losing his coat and shirt as he went, leaving them as a trail to the room. Again, Cas wouldn’t love that but, oh well.
Besides, of all the clubs, Stella’s was by far his favorite. The atmosphere was laid back, they had old school arcade games lining the back hallway and the music all centered in the late 90s and early 00s, meaning the crowd was typically missing those obnoxious early 20 somethings who were only out to get completely shit faced and always seemed to be screaming for no discernible reason. He groaned and sat up, knowing he would end up with the rest of the group at the bar by the end of the night.
Castiel winces and looks at Dean. His green eyes are wide as he shakes his head, trying to convey that he didn’t say it.
“Ah, yes, that young mechanic, we’ve seen him around your place,” Adam said nonchalantly, “what’s his name, Dan, Devin?”
“...then Alastair almost got my angel blade because I slipped in something and I realized it was...that it was your blood…” Dean swears he can hear the slightest break in Cas’ voice as he recalls what had played out days ago, “as i got my feet back under me I flung myself at Alastair and quickly took care of him.” Cas rushes on, clearly not wanting to dwell on the memory of Dean chained and bloody, and honestly neither did Dean, so the quick wrap up is appreciated. Deans eyelids are slowly starting to win his fight against sleep, but he isn’t ready to give in yet, enjoying having Cas sitting on the edge of his bed, close enough to feel the heat radiating off of him, close enough he could easily reach out and touch his leg without straining, blue eyes never breaking contact with his, studying him, a very slight smirk on his lips.
"Gotta take a leak," Dean sighs, patting Castiel gently before standing. He walks into the hallway that leads to the bathroom, ready to just sit and sulk for a minute or two. It’s when he clicks on the light that he notices his bedroom door is open. The tungsten yellow light reveals his dog staring out of the window, facing away from Dean.
After a minute or two of deep breaths Dean responded with “Green, Castiel,” steeling himself for the overwhelming sensations to begin again. Instead Cas once again laid over him and started kissing his cheek, eyelid and the corner of his mouth, gently and calmly.
As they sat in silence Dean realized he was getting quite warm; it wasn’t too warm in the apartment, but Dean was currently wearing too many layers. While Cas was still distracted with his label, Dean stood up and peeled off his coat which he then tossed over the back of the couch; he then wiggled his way out of the flannel he had been wearing, originally in place of his lost coat, and laid it on top of the discarded coat. Left in only his thin t-shirt, and already more comfortable, he flopped back down, now facing the other man who glanced up. Dean met his gaze with a cocky smirk plastered on his face when he saw Cas’ eyes skirt over his now bare arms where a few of his many tattoos were visible.
Suddenly Dean pulls back, holding Cas by the shoulders, staring him down sternly. "Don’t you ever, and I mean EVER, try pulling that shit again! You understand me?" Dean scolds, searching Castiel’s face for an indication of understanding and agreement.
"Don’t doubt me, bitch," Dean grits out between clenched teeth. "I was selfish before, wanting my whole angel, and I’ll be selfish again and take what I can get."
When Cas sauntered back out of his large closet and climbed back on the bed he hadn’t lost any articles of clothing, and Dean huffed in annoyance at the realization.
“You shouldn’t, but I think you know that. You may have been gone for a while, but you were in the life long enough, and did well for yourself while here; you know not to trust anyone,” Adam continued, “but I think you should know. I loved Michael.”
He was laying down, wrapped in his big fluffy dark blue comforter, head resting in Dean's lap. Gabriel lifted his feet and scooted under them when he returned, settling them back on his lap and throwing an arm across the back of the couch. He turned slightly to talk to Dean more easily.
After they dropped Sam and Jess off at the airport, Dean began to get restless; he had behaved while everyone was at Cas’s apartment, feeling weird about doing anything with Cas while his little brother was under the same roof. He was also still recovering and wasn’t sure Cas would even want to do anything when he had to be even more careful with him, but he knew he wanted to push limits and test Cas’s calm, cool exterior.
Dropping his eyes again, he took a drink and hoped Cas would simply drop it, but he had a feeling he was not the type of person to simply drop anything. When nothing more had been said, after a very copious consumption of water, Dean looked back at Cas, who had his arms crossed, that expectant look still plastered on his stupid face, unyielding.
After spending most of the morning tidying up his room, cleaning his firearms and taking a too long, too hot shower, Dean was bored and now wandered around the bunker hoping to run into someone. He turned into the library assuming he would find his moose of a brother doing some research or something equally as nerdy, instead, he found Sam's very open and very unattended laptop sitting on the table. A mischievous smile spread across his face as he quickly checks his surroundings, making sure no one is in the vicinity and when he confirms the coast is clear he springs on the device ready to wreak havoc. When he moves his finger over the trackpad to cause the laptop to light up he quickly types in Sam’s password--really how hard was it to figure out it was his girlfriends name? Instead of the generic background like Dean expected a blog page pops up. Dean had never heard of tumblr, but looks around for a bit when he realizes it’s open to a certain users page specifically, he then notices that user’s name, and freezes.
"If we’re so noisy, my grace and I, why not just let us go?" he asks, knowing the answer, but needing time, needing to give Dean time, to come up with a solution.
Cas can’t help the giddy smile that has transfixed itself on his face as he watches Dean scan over the photos. Pictures of all the people that love them unconditionally, the family they found along the way. There's one of Sam and Dean, heads thrown back laughing, Cas standing close to Dean with an incredulous look on his face directed at the two laughing men. Another of Dean and Cas cuddled up on the couch, Dean's head resting in Cas’s lap, asleep, Cas staring down at the other man's face, his expression soft and full of amazement. One picture shows Dean and Claire conspiring, matching mischievous grins on their faces, both looking over to where Cas and Kaia were sitting on the couch, clueless about what was to come.
Reaching the end of their dead-end street, Dean stops for a moment to let Taylor roll around in her favourite spot. Even watching her glee doesn't raise his spirits the way it normally does. He's too keenly aware of what's missing.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, sinking down in his seat, averting his gaze. Bela stared at him incredulously and chuckled.
Dean gets up and goes to Cas. He feels weak, like his knees won’t hold him. He takes hold of Cas’s hand. It’s calloused, dry, rough from all the hand-to-hand fighting they’ve done. Cas’s touch was always warm. Now his hand seems cooler, as if his vitality is slipping away.
“Hell no, can you imagine me trying to help someone work through all their shit? No, I’m actually responsible for the enlightenment of young, impressionable minds,” he said while getting a bottle of water from the kitchen, throwing a cocky grin over his shoulder at Dean.
Dean cues up another movie. This time, he decides to take advantage of his supposed memory loss - this Dean doesn't know he hates chick flicks - and navigates straight to
"Doesn't look like there's a whole hell of a lot to watch out for here, Cas. You must be doing a great job."
"Put me back under, Sam," Dean says. He knocks back the water, and his parched throat tastes less like sand.
Sam finally had a morning with nothing to do. He and Dean had gotten back from their last hunt the night before. Cas had re-cataloged the library while they were gone, something Sam had been planning to tackle upon their return. So now he found himself sitting in the corner of the library on his laptop, surfing the web for pure enjoyment instead of research for a change.
“Guilty. I’m not surprised you didn’t recognize me. I suppose it has been quite some time, hasn’t it?” Adam said, sitting on Cas’s couch.
“I did, Castiel,” Dean muttered. Cas’s hand was quickly in his hair, yanking his head up and off the soft pillows beneath him.
“You walked into MY place of business, exuding reckless, stupid energy. Then you tried starting a fight in my establishment, putting others at risk, not once, but multiple times. You clearly need to learn some basic manners, but you also clearly have some significant shit going on. I’m attempting to make some sort of connection, because that energy you’re giving off is all too familiar, and trust me, I know all too well where it ends.”
Cas isn't an angel anymore. He held up in the fray until Dean could fight his way to him, but it was only because Cas was willing to give up his grace that they got out of the fight with their lives. They beat the odds, but the confrontation took its toll. Cas had been like an empty vessel, afterward. The guilt wrecked Dean. They were both paying for his choice.
Just as he starts to accept the lack of oxygen and starts sinking into the welcoming darkness, the thing around his neck releases him. He crumples haphazardly to the hard floor, coughing and sputtering.
“Hey Becky, why are you here? Aren’t you a few years after us?” he asked, detangling himself from her vice grip hug.
“Oh my God, I’m uh, I didn’t see...I’m so sorry,” Sam stammers out, quickly slamming the door shut and standing in the hallway trying to process what he had just walked in on. The click of the lock brings him back to the moment and he quickly makes his way to the kitchen, suddenly needing a drink, or maybe some bleach for his brain.
“Boy, what's going on? You've been stomping around here like someone pissed in your cheerios every morning for a week now. So, what is it? Girl trouble, family problems?” Bobby asked, tone not pitying, nor overly caring, clearly just looking for a solution to Dean’s poor attitude lately. Dean sighed and slid down in the chair for a moment before straightening up and running a hand down his face.
Dean can see Castiel’s shock quickly shift into horror the closer Dean and Taylor get. Trenton readies himself for the attack, and Dean keeps going, the memory of black goo swallowing Castiel up driving him forward. Because he meant it when he said he wasn't going to let Castiel die for his sake again. He's not letting him go again.
“Good boy,” Cas said, placing kisses down Dean’s spine. While Cas continued peppering Dean’s neck with kisses and nibbles, Dean felt something blunt and cool pressing up against him, Cas slowly worked it into Dean, stretching him even more, causing a slight, delightful burn until the toy was fully seated and secure, pressing snugly against that bundle of nerves. As Dean grew comfortable with the full sensation, relaxing into the mattress, a buzzing started, lighting Dean up from within, causing him to jolt and pull against his restraints and cry out.
"So, um," Castiel says awkwardly, "What are you— What do you— What brings you here? Here, I mean. I mean, not my house, here, but why did you— Why did you move to Lawrence?"
Dean, indeed, quickly followed him. Rounding the corner, he stopped to take in the space. The apartment was an open concept with dark hardwood floors throughout and the same mixture of exposed brick and plain white walls. The ceiling was high, industrial, with visible metal tubing and dark steel support beams. What he figured was the front door was behind him right where the hallway ended. The kitchen was to his left with stainless steel appliances, white marble countertops and black cabinets with a large island dividing the room from the large sunken living room that housed a black overstuffed sectional sofa and a large flat screen TV that hung over a large fireplace. The floor was covered in a large grey rug that looked insanely soft. The two far walls had large windows with trim that matched the floors, one containing a slider door that opened onto what seemed to be a large balcony.
His shoulders still ache, but that’s the least of his worries at this point. He feels as though he’s been suspended and toyed with for days, although realistically he knows it couldn’t have been longer than a couple hours at most. Cas should be back soon to check in on his progress in getting information out of Alastair. What a surprise he’s be in for, seeing Dean struggling to stay awake, blood covering his body, trickling to the floor, his shirt long gone, shredded beneath him. It had been torn and ripped by one of the whips Alastair had found and decided he was quite fond of.
Dean hasn’t even realized his hands are grasping the front of Cas’ white button up, tangled in the fabric, his face pressing into Cas’ shoulder, unconsciously seeking out his warmth and comfort. As Cas gently lays Dean back on the bed, tears are now coming a bit slower, breath hitching only every few breaths, the shaking subsiding to a more manageable level, Dean can’t bring himself to let go of Cas’ shirt, and doesn't want to be left alone again.
Before Cas can fully comprehend what is happening Dean pulls back, worry filling his features as he staggers backwards mumbling apologies. It’s then that Cas’s brain finally clicks back on and he immediately misses the feeling of Dean on him.
“Hmpf, it’s a dumb game, and this should not be this difficult,” Cas complained, sitting with his knees pulled up in front of him, back resting against the cabinets.
“Fuck, you’re going to be the death of me my dear boy,” Cas said adoringly, stroking Dean’s cheek. Before Dean could respond, Cas sat behind him on the couch and pushed Dean’s shoulder forward, scooting him up just enough for Cas to slip in behind him on the floor, legs on either side of Dean’s hips and arms wrapping around his middle, pulling him close. Dean went willingly and nuzzled into Cas’s neck after wiping his mouth and chin with the bottom of his shirt.
“Okay, how about your name? I’m Castiel,” he tried again, lowering his head, trying to make eye contact. While he waited for an answer he took notice of the boy's split lip and at least a few bruises sprouting along his jaw.
This neighbors-in-suburbia scenario was supposed to have been like a vacation, to give them whatever time they needed to get back to normal. Sam encouraged it.
“How long, Gabriel?” Dean asked, unsure if this was something new, or something Cas had been dealing with for longer.
The Garrison had a reputation that a lot of the local trouble makers weren’t very fond of; it’s why they were now after Cas. They knew his history too, and some of them had very valid vendettas against him and were now in powerful positions. Cas's name was no doubt at the top of some of their lists, hell, the entire family probably was.
“Ah, have I found a spot of yours?” Cas asked, tone dark and menacing before he resumed alternating kisses and nibbles down Dean’s neck, shoving his flannel off his shoulders and onto the floor. He grabbed the hem of Dean’s shirt and whipped it up and off in one fluid motion, tossing it aside. Cas then shoved Dean back, with hungry eyes roving over his now bare torso.
“Okay,” Dean replied quietly, mouth suddenly dry, scared at Bobby’s serious tone. When he looked back down, he could just barely see his foot on the other side of the machinery, and he noticed it was definitely pointing in a direction that shouldn’t be possible with how he was sitting; shit.
"Well, books have a narrative with an ending. And when you finish a book—or a movie—it's kind of like waking up. Our minds know we've reached a place where we return to the harsh reality of life. I thought maybe reading something would get Cas's mind going toward that wake-up ending."
“Dean! Sam, I’m very sorry, I’m sure we can figure out a way to keep your brother quieter,” Cas scolds, then glances at Dean suggestively, causing his cocky demeanor to drop instantly, his mind wandering to all the ways Cas could possibly come up with to keep him quiet, which causes a shiver to run down his spine.
“Bobby, I’m alright; it’s fine.” Dean said, still not understanding just why he wasn’t in intense pain like he knew he should be.
During the times the bunker was quiet and no phones rang Cas tended to binge shows on Netflix or wander around the internet, reading articles, watching YouTube or whatever seemed to grab his attention at any given time. That’s how he first discovered social media and the multiple platforms available. None of which he had ever felt compelled to make an account for.
He made his way into the living room to wait for both their food and Dean but, before he could sit down, there was a knock on the door. Cas spun on his heels and made his way to the door, collecting the food and leaving the delivery boy stammering with a hearty tip. He almost felt bad for shutting the door on the still questioning boy but, when he turned around and saw Dean standing there in nothing but light green boxer briefs that were probably the softest pair he owned, any guilt was quickly forgotten.
“Ow! What the…” Dean's protest died on his lips when he looked down and was met with dark eyes and a look that made it clear an argument was not wise. “Sorry, Castiel.”
This most recent client, upon contacting the archivists, insisted that he would only work with Castiel directly. Castiel receives one page at a time, never in order, and the next page comes only when the previous is approved by the client. He signed a contract saying he'd destroy all physical evidence of his translations, but has held off; something doesn't sit right about this client. Now isn't the time to burden Dean with this, though. Instead, he turns a warm smile on Dean and suggests they each have another beer.
As he walked back across the shop floor, his mind wandering, he didn’t hear the shouts of warning, nor the unmistakable sound of the lift being thrown off balance, creaking and ultimately toppling over. Before he even had time to process what had happened, he found himself knocked to the smooth concrete floor, leg pinned under the heavy hydraulic arm of the lift. He knew this was bad, he wasn’t dumb, and he also knew this should hurt a lot worse than it did.
But the man is a damned lodestone and Castiel naught but a meteorite cast from the heavens, drawn to him by sacred design. He should have known better than to think he’d be able to resist Dean for long, especially vacant of grace and haggard of wing.
After a few minutes of scrolling and reading Sam was interrupted by a call from Eileen checking in and shortly after he hung up Dean moseyed in mumbling something about caffeine and bacon. Sam huffed and got up, following him into the kitchen to help with breakfast.
She stretches and yawns before climbing off of the bed and walking over to monitor their vitals. Sam had warned her about going in, but in the end, he had admitted it was better that Charlie went instead of him.
A hand grips his shoulder from behind. Without thinking, Castiel grabs the offending wrist and twists as hard as he can, forcing the attacker to their knees.
“Dean, I didn’t mean to worry you or scare you; I only wanted you to understand and to not leave without all the information. I know it’s insane; I know you literally just met me, and if you never want to see me or talk to me again I completely understand and won’t question it,” Cas said, voice sure, more steady than he felt. Dean picked at his finger nail, contemplating what he wanted to say, or maybe just tormenting Cas and making him wait for an answer. Either way, Cas was determined to wait him out.
“All I’m saying is please don’t ruin this, this thing you have with Dean. Don’t go and throw it all away in some heroic act of self-sacrifice that no one is asking you to perform. Don’t let this ruin everything you have right now, don’t let it ruin you again, please,” Gabe practically begged, voice soft in an attempt to calm his brother down.
“It’s not that difficult, you just have to know what you’re doing,” Dean said, smirking at Cas. “There, see!” Dean exclaimed when he shut the door with everything contained within and held his arms up in victory, grinning at Cas.
his mind whispers. Which… is odd… What is there for time to run out of? Did they put a pie in the oven? Was he supposed to remind Dean to take some medication? Was
“You’re an adult now, yeah? Back then maybe it wasn’t, but from what I can tell you’re in the same holding pattern. The only difference is that you’re 28 years old, not 18. It’s time to be your own man Dean, be whoever you want to be and fuck anyone who says differently,” Bela said simply before she stood up, smoothing out her dress.
“Dean, either you’re going to continue to spiral until he decides to contact you, or you can get some sort of answer.” Charlie shrugged as she hopped off the bed and made her way to the small living room. Dean let out a loud sigh and rolled over on his stomach, working through the pros and cons in his head.
He was suddenly pulled out of his own head by a loud crash somewhere in the apartment. He rolled out of bed, threw on a pair of jeans that had been laying on the floor, and tentatively opened the bedroom door to peer out, but saw nothing obviously out of place.
“That wasn’t too much? You’re sure…’ Cas asked, unsure, hesitant, something Dean wasn’t used to hearing from the typically confident man.
As soon as they had turned to go, Cas sunk down next to the young man still on the floor and stilled when he realized it was the same man, the owner of the leather coat. The young man groaned as he pushed himself to his knees and eventually to his feet much more gracefully than Cas would have thought possible after the hits he had seen the other man land. Cas stood and stared at the young man who was patting his pockets, making sure he was still in possession of the items he had started the night with. When his self inventory was complete he glanced over at Cas and tried saying something that Cas couldn’t make out over the loud music. After a couple attempts the young man rolled his eyes, gave a thumbs up with an overly dramatic smile and mouthed ‘thank you’. When Cas's face finally registered understanding, the young man turned quickly and started weaving his way through the crowd.
“What? Some video games we’ve both had our eyes on, food, drinks, comfy blankets, and your favorite comfort foods. Why? Because I care about you Dean and your boyfriend just ran off to do some incredibly dangerous shit, and your dad just died. I want to help you and be here for you while beating your ass at video games,” she said, ticking points off on her fingers before turning around and unloading the countless bags, covering the counters with literally all of Dean’s favorite things.
I have a busy weekend, and I would hate to leave you beautiful people with nothing to do...so here, have another chapter. The "idiots in love" tag really comes into play here.
“Gabriel said you helped people: those that want out, the ones who don’t have anyone else. Is that true?” Dean cut through the silence after a few minutes, startling Cas.
“I know I didn’t specify to not make it appear as though a hurricane had gone through my apartment as you made your way to the bedroom, but I figured that was under the ‘general respect’ umbrella we have established,” Cas said evenly, tone giving nothing away.
"That sounds reasonable to me," Castiel says with a wide smile. "I can take her out to do her business, unless you would prefer to—"
Unfortunately, his relief is very short-lived. No sooner than Cas relaxed did someone knock on the door.
The rest of their evening is a blur of phone calls, excited shrieking and screaming over speakerphone, countless “congratulations” and a handful of “it’s about times”. Once they settle on who will be at the courthouse the next day (Bobby, Sam and Charlie) and who they’ll invite to the party the following weekend both Dean and Cas fall bonelessly into their bed, simultaneously exhausted but wired with the nervous excited energy that seemed to be thrumming through the bunker.
"I— I’m sorry. I need to go." Castiel steps back, then back again, before breaking off in as fast of a sprint as he can. He doesn’t turn around to look behind. He doesn’t check to see if he’s been followed. The only thoughts going through his head are of regret and what could have been.
That night Cas took it easy on him, only riling him up once or twice, but never pushing him too far for too long, allowing him time to get used to the sensation of not being able to get hard. It sucked; he wasn’t sure how he was supposed to do this for eight days. He was officially an idiot.
The constant beeping is maddening and a bit too much, the scratchy blankets against his legs makes him want to throw them off and move, but the fingers tangled with his where they lay on the bed are better than anything he could have hoped for. Cas cracks his eyes open a bit, glancing over to where he knows Dean is.
For a moment his feet scramble, attempting to find purchase on something to lessen the pressure on his wrists and shoulders, when after a minute or two it proves a futile endeavor, he stills. Dangling helplessly, pathetically, and with a growing pit in his stomach, he notices Alastair stalking closer with a sick and predatory smile plastered across his narrow pale face. Dean has seen this smile before, too many times before, nearly every day for the 30 years that he spent on the rack in hell. He hated the uncontrollable dread and anxiety that bubbled up in him at the sight of the demon slinking closer. He knew his tormentor could practically smell it wafting off of Dean, knew that he got off on knowing that he was the one who ultimately broke the infamous Dean Winchester, that he so easily reverted him back to that helpless, terrified and wide-eyed four year old running out of his burning family home with his baby brother wrapped in his too tiny arms. Except this time he knows no one is running out of that burning house behind him, no one would wrap their arms around him, tell him it’s okay, allow him to simply break down and be weak for one moment without any ramifications.
Cas lets out an unamused chuckle, a sound that sends a shiver down Dean’s spine, it was the sound of a lost man, a sound made by someone who had little left to lose and had all but given up, “Dean, that is a story for another time, right now you really do need to rest. Don’t worry about me, I’m figuring it out.” Cas states in a tone that leaves no room for debate or argument as he swiftly stands up, shaking off Dean's grip on his wrist. Dean immediately misses the warmth next to him and feels tears trying to start gathering in his eyes before he angrily wipes them away. As he too aggressively flops back in the bed, he is quickly reminded of just how much he still hurts, the sharp sudden pain making him gasp and causing tears to silently trickle down his cheeks.
Seconds pass, and he begins to question what he felt. Is his gourd finally cracked or are the pauses after each of the heart monitor’s beeps growing shorter? He tries again, more frenzied this time, and he grips Cas’s hand tighter.
“That’s my good boy. Now go home, I’ll see you tomorrow at noon,” Cas said as he stepped away from Dean and reached around him to open the door as he gave brief instructions for finding his way out of the building. He didn’t move from his doorway until Dean was in the elevator and the doors slipped close, both feeling the tangible loss as they lost sight of each other. Both thinking how insane it was that they were already so attached and knowing this probably wasn't a good idea. Still, laying in their beds that night, Dean and Cas both found themselves restlessly counting down the hours until noon the next day.
Sam hurriedly runs around the bunker, searching for Cas. As he skids around a corner he runs right into the former angel, who just about topples over with the impact.
“This cabinet is much too small for everything that’s supposed to fit in here,” he said as he continued to attempt to put everything away.
“What the fuck man? Let me out!” Dean demanded as he started his valiant attempt to shove Castiel out of the booth, giving up when it was clear the man would not be moved. He didn’t even seem to notice Dean’s attempts; the smug asshole just sat there and sipped his drink and chuckled when his intensity ramped up. Dean fell back into the seat after a few moments and glared daggers at the man in front of him.
“Yeah, I guess, what do you want?” Cas asked, glancing over to the small woman leaning against his counter with her arms crossed; he was pretty sure he didn’t know who she was.
“Ugh, fine, I guess I can live with that...but...how about we make it a bit more bearable?” Cas suggested, and whipped his shirt off, throwing it to the floor, looking over at Dean, clearly waiting for Dean to match the new dress code.
“I’m thinking I’m thinking, this is an important decision ya know? I want to be sure I make the right choice. I would hate to be saddled with some overly literal, stick in the mud, trench coat wearing dork now wouldn’t I?”
"Hmm. My dog was growling at something, maybe someone, in the shadows today. Tay growls at plastic bags blowing down the street, though, so maybe it was nothing." At the sound of her name, Taylor rushes the couch. She clambers into Dean’s corner, pushing at his back until he swings his legs down, making room, and has nowhere to go but the middle, close to Cas again.
He let out a sigh and walked down the hallway to the bedroom door, just as there was a louder knock on the front door. “Really? Now?” he asked no one as he glanced upward. He glanced back at the bedroom door and figured Cas wouldn’t be going far, spinning around to take care of whoever was at the door. It was most likely staff checking in on him or an old dealer he would very much like to tell off right now anyway.
