John sighed, packing the salmon and toast into the fridge. “Come here,” he whispered. And he swooped down and gathered his sweet man into his arms.
“Hmmm, poor Johnny. Can’t make his boyfriends stay.”
“And then, I’ll talk to the doctors again and we’ll let you rest. I know you don’t have an eating disorder, Sunshine. You just need to rest, yeah? You just need lots of rest and… maybe a bit of habit change about those eating habits.”
Sherlock screams as Daddy lifts him up and down on his cock, hitting his prostate over and over, not letting him move, forcing his body to go pliant, pounding up into Sherlock so roughly he really does bounce. He would slide off Daddy’s lap if he weren’t gripping him so hard.
Much like the Diogenes, which governed itself by the law of silence, the Clarence House cannibal’s gambling house had a rule: it was always night. Very few lamps were lit here. No one talked of morning. Day did not contrast night. There was no cycle of light and dark here; it was always night, and time stood still, forever. Out of respect to the cannibal, patrons never spoke as if they thought they would leave the house (it was rumored she had been a duchess, long ago, cast out of the royal family, forgotten now). Some actually did not leave, falling prey to the cannibal’s appetite. She was old, nearly one hundred, and in her age needed more and more sustenance. Coming to her house meant playing by her rules; people were aware it was nothing more than a trap. They knew they might never leave.
The short list of food that I consume, with minimal ingredients, is easy to count, easy to stay in control of.
“I couldn’t just stop the drugs for you, Lestrade,” Sherlock said, and for some reason tears were springing into his eyes. “I—I couldn’t, it was too hard, okay? I—”
Sherlock just breathed. It was hard to even breathe. It felt like his body was someone else’s now. He was out of control.
At the title, Sherlock blushes and buries his face in Daddy’s strong chest. “What is it, Daddy?” he asks hopefully.
sad.”
“Sherlock, can you turn around for me?” John says, carding a hand through Sherlock’s hair, thumb caressing the tip of his ear.
Sherlock allowed a small smile to drift onto his lips and tilted his head back. If that was how you counted things, he thought lightly, by appearances, his strategy was working. Look at all his awards! From the outside, it looked like he refused to quit life. Life was a big project, a book to be written. Every single word mattered. Standing up on the stage, a man whom nobody knew, he thought about his article published in the Journal of Forensic Science. He had been invited to be the keynote speaker at a forensics conference, and had accepted, enthusiastically. He had even been offered a deal to make a reality show about crime. The last offer amused him to no end.
I dress again, layering with a soft silk robe. Feeling unhappiness rising in me, I ring Lestrade.
No one would catch him. He was beginning to try to catch himself.
“What happened, baby boy?”
“That I didn’t… that I didn’t try harder…” John stepped into the bedroom, into the light.
Immediately, John wraps around him, gathering his small, shaking body into his hold. “Shh,” he whispers, “Shh, Daddy’s here, Daddy’s here, my darling boy.”
“Just because your boyfriend’s more productive now that you’re gone…” Harry shot back.
John jumped at the low voice. Sherlock had crept down and was standing at the kitchen entrance, clutching a tartan blanket around his shoulders like a shroud.
“I—Sherlock—” John panted. His eyes were wounded, his mouth open in shock. He dropped the blade.
“Tell me all about it,” I say, and I watch John automatically tuck into the food as he launches into his story about a middle-aged man and his gangrenous foot.
Sherlock sighed. “Yes.”
I wonder if that’s what it was like for Mycroft, when he left my mother and me at home and went to university.
was his big decision. He needed to keep himself in check. He’d let John decide on his own without any manipulation from Sherlock. Nothing else mattered. He just had to keep himself from turning into his father. He knew—he
He thought no one really knew him. To them he was nothing but a question mark. And because of that, he was strange and untouchable.
Why should he continue? He sliced into his arm. No reason.
“Fuck you,” Harry said weakly.
“Darling,” John says, pressing a kiss into Sherlock’s hair. “I’m right here.”
“Ah—yes, please!—wanna bounce in your lap please—
John wasn’t surprised. “Why not?”
He would never have a true friend. Something about him alienated people, repulsed them. He had thought John was an anomaly, but not anymore.
Harry sniffed.
“Yes, darling?”
I don’t ever want him to know this, but sometimes I love it when he is out. Certainly not a few days ago, when I all but had a meltdown when I woke without John in the flat (for which I am still ashamed). But for all the security and safety John has offered—the sense of order I get from knowing I belong by his side—I still like to be alone sometimes. It reminds me of when I was younger and had the freedom to engage in less healthy activities.
I shake my head, not sure why I keep secrets, just that I have to. I kiss his shoulder in apology.
“Shh, shh, Sherlock,” John just says, frowning but not in a mad way, more like thoughtful or sorry. He gathers Sherlock back into his arms after seeing. He rocks him. “My brave baby boy, thank you for showing me.”
As it is, though, I only have energy for the task at hand. And isn’t that a certain kind of bliss?
By the end of the game he had won the ring, watch, and the two hidden houses in Leinster Gardens, and he couldn’t remember at all why he ached dully, right at his core. He was blank, searing triumph. There was no room for pain, not even its memory. There was nothing to remember. Nothing at all. He felt very light. He was cast into a remote corner of his never-ending soul. The vista of his mind no longer contained his mind palace. Here, far away, it was bare and cold and snowy. There was nothing but clear horizon. He liked it here. Here he was nothing and no one. It was easy to keep his head down, to get on with things. It was easy to be pure when he was no one.
Then Sherlock remembers Bee. “Bzz, bzzz,” he says, lifting Bee up and zooming him through the air towards the honey.
John was warm; his hold was tight. “Don’t worry,” he whispered back. “I won’t let go of you.”
And if I still need more, I can get it over with by having a spoonful of peanut butter, which, by the way, has a good amount of protein, fiber, calcium, and potassium.
John exhaled forcefully through his nose. “She’ll say he was sick. That he fainted. That she helped him leave or some such bollocks.” He spoke with quiet desperation, “We have to find him, Greg.”
“You make me.”
Sherlock did not know that but liked to hear it anyway. He bent forward to place a small, soft kiss on Victor’s lips. “No, you are.”
“You could kiss me if you wanted. It’s okay.”
Sherlock, doing the dishes.
“You’re thinking too much. We have this place for days - “
John slumped his shoulders and turned away from the harshness of his voice.
John looked around the room inspecting it as he had the rest of the flat. It was a very plain room. It did not suit John Watson at all.
John grinned, “My dick’s hard. You do that to me.”
“Fuck!” Victor’s whole body jerked. “He was so tight...ah!...it took ages until he could take three fingers.”
“All right, all right. I loved him. We loved each other.”
He felt all of his limbs go numb. He knew he was supposed to be saying something, calling someone.
Suddenly enraged, Sherlock spat, “I’ll kill them.”
John raised his eyebrows in surprise.
“Rubbing.”
“What?”
“John!” Sherlock cried.
Sherlock’s eyebrows knit together in confusion and amusement.
John listened while Jack told him all about growing up in Glasgow, riding motorbikes, following his older brother around learning how to be butch. He told him about learning how to draw and eventually paint. It hadn’t come easy but he had colors and pictures inside of him that he could only express on a canvas. He told him about living on his own when he had no family left. He taught drawing to willing young students at primary schools, and willing older patrons at a pub in the heart of the city. He was funny and brilliant and John was charmed. He wanted to kiss him again.
John seemed to be finished. He stood still but breathed heavily and Sherlock’s heart broke for him.
His breathing was rapidly becoming out of control. He realized he was panting and that not only was his head moving in small back and forth motions, but he had begun to undulate his whole body against John’s smaller frame. His hips moved in tiny uncontrollable thrusts and he hoped that John would understand.
“But I want to come back to London soon.”
“How was the pub?”
Sherlock hugged John tighter and buried his nose under his jaw, “Tell me why.”
“So smug.” John slow-blinked, clearly riding the hormone high of his orgasm.
It was time. He wanted it. He hunched down just a bit more, effectively opening his throat. He took Sherlock slightly deeper, creating more suction each time Sherlock’s coronal ridge passed between his lips.
I love birds and I love these two.
“That seems normal. Things have changed for you recently.”
“Then I’m going to use my tongue to slowly open you up for my fingers, or maybe my cock.”
John quickly shut his gaping mouth and said, “Nothing,” a bit too loudly. His face had been the perfect picture of shock. “Mrs. Holmes? I’m John.”
Thoughts swirled around in his drug-sick mind.
John looked up at him, with a slightly disbelieving look on his face, but said, “I know.”
Sherlock couldn’t bear it any longer. He walked out of the room to pace in the hallway. John followed him and watched him pace.
John’s stomach swooped. He gusted out a sharp breath, almost a laugh, and said, “Yes.”
“He was inconsolable. I didn’t know what to do. We parted ways in Milan but I promised I’d try to help him still. He went back to London. I did as much as I could from here, I tracked down and talked to anyone I could find who knew Noah. As you know, I booked the gig with you, then fucking fell asleep in your bed like a twat…” Sherlock grumbled. “After I...left, I felt terrible so I texted him.”
He heard a high-pitched scream and a door slamming. Officers shouted, “In there! Go around!” Vague orders that could not be understood unless inside the apartment. He was incredibly frustrated to not be in there, but John stayed still.
“Because I’ve spent years studying you, my gorgeous boy,” Sherlock moaned and closed his eyes, as his cock tiredly twitched, “and you simply can’t get enough of my praise. You love the combination of praise, with a touch of my dominance, over anyone really, but over you, particularly” John smirked, knowingly.
“Then I put my fingers in your mouth and watched those luscious lips close around them. I don’t know how I didn’t come right then,” he panted, “And now that I know what those lips can really do,” John groaned at his own words, and the motion of his small hand around them both, “It was beyond my furthest imagination what your lips can actually do.”
This man, this gorgeous, young model was so unlike anyone John had ever met. He could have been vacuous, vain, uncaring but he was the exact opposite. Scary-smart, gentle, and loving. John was helpless against his feelings for Sherlock.
Thinking about Sherlock’s loss was too much for him to bear. He missed his friend down to his marrow. He needed to stop, he needed to move on. He needed to repress, deny, ignore, push away.
Sherlock noisily slurped the last of the sweet rum and fruit into the wide straw.
John just smiled.
“Hmm...maybe that wasn’t you.”
John looked down at his feet and smiled. His face was turning a lovely shade of pink. He and John had finally come together only a few weeks ago after what seemed to be a lifetime of miscommunication and betrayal. Sherlock tipped his chin up with one finger and leaned down to place a soft kiss on John’s lips.
John smiled mildly back at Sherlock’s disgusted expression.
John showered and Sherlock pretended. He pretended that he wasn’t nervous. He pretended that he was getting ready to have a meeting with anyone other than Agra. He pretended that he wasn’t driven to distraction by a naked John Watson in his shower. He pretended not to see the photograph.
“Yes. Of course. I’m a chemist by training, but in my work solving crimes I must maintain a knowledge of anatomy, biology, medicine, and so on.”
She smiled sympathetically. “Well, I think I can do something with you. Walk for me once more.”
What had he done? As John settled into soft snoring, he wondered what to do with the following features of interest: The drug worked too slowly for its intended purposes. John was attracted to him. He was attracted to John. He was desperately in love with John.
“What did I get wrong?” he said quietly. He seemed smaller somehow, seeking John’s approval.
“I figured you would say that. But I shouldn’t even have you in the room with me, much less driving you down there.”
I imagined I’d heard giggling and a deep groan from John. I immediately deleted it. Back to Westminster to my favorite clock. I needed to be away from Baker Street.
John groaned, running his fingers gently through Sherlock’s hair, pushing it back from his forehead so that he could see better. The view was stunning. Sherlock’s pink lips stretched around the head of his cock, aquamarine eyes staring into his own.
I rolled my eyes. I was going to have to get up from the sofa and head to the landing to try again. That woman could be so tedious. On my way across the main room, I thought of a few tests I would have to administer to determine if her slowness to respond to my beckoning was due to age-appropriate hearing loss or simple petulance.
“Be quiet, John. Please,” he said, “They’re coming. Help is coming.”
As if on cue, Sherlock heard the bolt unlock and one of their captors entered with the same small bag and bottle of water. He wondered if they were ever going to get fed. He groaned in pain.
Sherlock kissed back enthusiastically for a moment, then pulled away. John watched him turn and walk away, thanking the universe that he was going to get to see (
Sherlock chuckled and rolled his eyes. He took off for the middle of the rink. Maybe he could do a few spins, as if he was dancing. He found a bit of open space within the large circle of skaters. He thought he could spin on one foot for at least one revolution. He tried it.
...John didn’t want to think about where or when Sherlock learned to do the thing, but he was grateful he had and that he only appeared to want to do it to John. Over and over again.
Billy, acting as John’s assistant and an unlikely stylist, fitted him in a slim, shiny, dark blue suit over a very soft looking silk shirt in deep purple.
Sherlock knows what's happening to him and he's determined to stop it.
“But. But how could I deduce how much of a ‘grower’ you are. That is the term, isn’t it?” Sherlock chuckled again and reached for John’s cock and balls and placed his huge hand over John’s whole package and said, “There is no statistical relationship between flaccid and erect length. How was I to know what your erectile tissue would do?” Now Sherlock laughed, still cupping John with his left hand and squeezing around his shoulders with his right. Sherlock was holding him at either end of his torso and sort of rocking him against his side.
Was a text to me at 4:23 AM indicative of a quick sex date or was the woman snoozing away in his bed while he was on his phone? I thought that would be a bit rude for the woman, however, I’d observed his impoliteness and seen through his 'regular bloke' bit right away. Perhaps she was a sound sleeper.
Would he say those things? In the real world would he look at me that way? Like I was something to devour? To own?
“I’m going to change and then I’ll help you get washed up if you want, or just changed into your bed clothes.”
The call was from Mike Stamford, an editor he’d known years ago.
Jack followed John to the end of the bar, away from the curious looks from the rest of their party. The bar was crowded and loud so he had to stretch upwards to speak into Jack’s ear. “Where are you from, Jack?”
Trigger warning for brief description of drug use.
“No.”
“Take me home,” Sherlock said.
“You feel so good.”
“You’re in no position to do anything now, you stupid…” Victor trailed off and his lip quivered as he looked at his friend.
John lowered his voice in his best imitation of Sherlock and cried, “A rabbit, John!”
During the last few minutes, Sherlock had reluctantly stopped fondling John but his head remained on his hip. “So you did want to go on a date with me?”
“Hear what?” John was trying to fold the washing on the couch, but he was extremely distracted. In fact, he was so distracted that he had abandoned the folding altogether, simply clutching one of Sherlock’s t-shirts to his chest. He’d been standing there, staring at his boyfriend for several minutes.
I looked at him as he folded the corner of the paper into a small accordion.
“Nice place.”
. “And why are we walking?”
Wrapped tightly together, floating on hormonal clouds of lovely candied chemicals, he felt a bubble of joy burst in his chest. He and John had finally consummated their obvious, mutual lust and it was amazing.
Greg Lestrade was turning 55. As a milestone birthday, it kind of sucked. It certainly wasn’t like 21, 30, 40, or 50 for that matter. Which was pretty fun he had to admit. At 50, you were young enough to still have some energy. Your kids, your friends’ kids were old enough so that you could have an adult-only holiday once in awhile. No, 55 was sort of boring. But his colleagues at the Met had decided that he needed to celebrate, so they gathered at Greg’s local for some darts and a pint or four.
Victor was silent for a long moment. Sherlock could hear fabric rustling and knew Victor was putting his t-shirt back on. Victor walked around and knelt down in front of him. Sherlock looked up and saw understanding and a bit of mischief in his best friend’s face.
Greg said, “So you’re a photographer. But how did you...you know...get involved with Sherlock?”
He signed the divorce acknowledgement papers, there was nothing else for him to do. In a year they’d be legally divorced. He wasn’t in the country to ‘celebrate’ though. He was already in the desert.
He blinked again and realized what he was seeing. Sherlock had started by cleaning the various beakers and erlenmeyer flasks, but now he was cleaning their actual dishes. He was also humming. And...sort of...dancing.
Sherlock wrapped himself completely around John, arms crossing his torso and coming to rest on his ribcage. He pressed himself against John’s back and kissed his neck with soft little dry pecks.
He threw a dead Dahlia blossom at John’s head.
Sherlock lolled his head towards John and cracked open one eye. “All right.”
“No you.” Sherlock walked over to him and placed one finger in the cleft of his chin and ran other through John’s soft hair. He kissed his lips softly. John smiled up at him and let Sherlock look.
“Lay down, face down.”
Sherlock finally looked up and found John’s eyes immediately.
John had his camera in one hand and James’ knee in the other. They were not looking at each other, but John was reluctant to sever physical contact.
All three entered the building with extreme caution. In what was John’s sixth or seventh adrenaline spike in as many hours, he welcomed his brain’s singular focus and body’s numb determination. The small entryway led to narrow hallways going several different directions. They would not split up, John knew. But he had to restrain himself from screaming Sherlock’s name and running down every one of those hallways.
“You’re amazing.”
John’s brows pulled together in confusion and he frowned. “Huh.”
Sherlock looked at John,
Even I could read the signs that this was an uncomfortable line of questioning for him, but I needed to know if I had any real competition. “She didn’t spend the night.”
John reached down to stroke him. Sherlock writhed back and forth, rolling his hips, as John used his hand in quick, tight strokes.
“Three weeks without…stimulants” he said quietly, “and I can’t control my emotions.” He lifted his coffee cup and took a large gulp.
Despite the changes in hair color and facial hair, John recognized him immediately.
*When Sherlock tried to use the chip and pin machine but he’d deleted his pin.
“Is it?” Sherlock grinned.
“Boss will be here soon,” he smiled and bolted the door behind him.
Dread welled confusingly in his gut. He didn’t know why, but he feared for Sherlock’s safety. “I...I don’t know...why...I mean, if there’s ever anything you need, I’d like to help.”
The glare, and a frown, were directed this time at John’s face.
“No!” Victor cried. “It’s only been a few minutes! You’re going to kill us.”
John had his hands around Sherlock’s hips, gripping, pushing, pulling, helping their rhythm. He thrust up into Sherlock’s fist closed around them. John said, “You feel so good, I can’t wait to get inside you. Do you want that?”
This had happened once before, after he’d returned. He thought John had forgiven him on that explosive-laden train. But after a few days of quiet, John explained that sometimes the reality of Sherlock being back clashed painfully with his nightmares, which felt very real even over two years later. John tried to explain the maelstrom of feuding emotions. He ended up in Sherlock’s arms sobbing his apology. Sherlock hated that John was hurting and tried his best to be comforting. He didn't think it was his suicide that was responsible for John's current mood, but he couldn't be sure.
I spent time in the John room of my mind palace, spontaneously erected immediately after our meeting in the lab. I imagined us kissing, but it was difficult. I did not have to use my imagination to conjure John’s nude form, the bathroom door leaving little to ponder. But it had been so long that I had felt a kiss at all, and when I pictured his face, I could only see his wonderfully expressive eyes, crinkled at the corners, smiling at me. Although difficult, I forced myself to stop trying to imagine a physical relationship between us.
Sherlock stood in front of the window facing the sea. His white cotton shirt fluttered loosely around his middle. The breeze tossed his curls slowly and John’s breath caught. Sometimes he was shocked at Sherlock’s stunning looks. He walked up behind him, circled his arms around his waist, and rested his head on one shoulder blade. Sherlock’s hands came up and grasped John by his forearms.
John was still blissed out when Sherlock made his first shadow animal, a dog. With each movement of his pinky he softly said, “Woof, woof, woof.”
John decided that it wasn’t worth trying to explain how things actually were to the proprietor of Cross Keys Inn. He hated saying ‘it’s not like that’, because he very much wanted them to be ‘like that’. He had endured months of everyone around them assuming that he and Sherlock would be perfect for each other. It was just plain irritating.
“I see you looking at me.”
“Sherlock! Oh god!”
John wondered how on earth he managed to get himself so turned around. But just as soon has he had the thought, he also knew the answer. The answer was 6 foot 3, 13 and a half stone, blue-eyed, blonde, and John’s current addiction. The answer was currently barking orders over the radio. The answer’s name was Major James Sholto.
“Mmm.”
“No!” she screamed, “I’ll not tell you anything!” She stood up from the table and loomed over him. “You don’t know anything, you never will. I’m leaving. We’re done.”
He awkwardly fell back onto the bed. John, bare-chested and his jeans open, crawled over him. John said, “I want to.” John pressed their lips together and swiped his hot tongue across Sherlock’s again and again. Sherlock did know what John was talking about exactly, but he didn’t care. He wanted whatever John wanted. Their mouths parted once more. He looked up at John’s face, flushed with desire, lips parted, eyes dark and ringed with long blonde lashes. He looked at John’s strong arms holding him above Sherlock, making his triceps bulge. He lowered his eyes to John’s muscular and horribly scarred chest. He catalogued the scar as best he could but his eyes were drawn to the dark red and very thick head of John’s cock protruding from his partly open fly. His mouth watered. God, he’d never been this turned on.
John smiled smugly, “Thank you.”
Sherlock smiled and looked down at the floor.
John hummed, “Yes. You do.” They stared at each other for a long moment before John said quietly, “I never thought this would happen.”
Sherlock grunted out a small laugh but grimaced.
Thanks for reading! I am
. Them, arguing over something reckless Sherlock had done. Them, having spectacular make-up sex afterwards. Them, attending glitzy galas where John couldn’t keep his hands from Sherlock’s designer-suit clad body. Them, placing newly framed photos on the mantle beside the skull. Them, holding hands in the park. Them, raising bees in the country. Them, walking their dog as old men. Them. Them. Them.
“Well, in this instance, I’m glad you’re such a lazy git, because it’s so fucking hot.” John crawled back up onto Sherlock and slotted their bodies together, thigh to thigh, cock to cock, chest to chest, John’s mouth on Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard enough to leave a mark.
John directed Sherlock to stand in front of a colorful wall of paint and said, “I want to see you angry.”
He was fucking gorgeous.
This was not Afghanistan. This was New York City. It was oddly refreshing. New Yorkers tended to be direct, creative, judgemental, and dressed all in black. He fit right in with these brusque people, though few would know it.
(See the end of the chapter for
thought John. He also thought,
“Your turn.”
Instead John said, “I think you are beautiful and brilliant and I really want to be your friend.”
“What are those?” he had asked.
John rushed to his side, clasped his hands around Sherlock’s body like swaddling an infant. John crushed their bodies together and simply rocked there on the hard floor.
They stared at each other for a long time before John said, “Let’s go to bed, sweetheart.”
until Sherlock stopped shaking and hugged him back.
“Have you lived here long?”
“Oh come on! You have to tell me now. Give me a name. One of them had to have a name like Candy or Sherry.”
“Low ya tah.”
“I know, mate. But it could up your fee and put you in higher demand. Don’t fuck it up.”
“Tetrodotoxin. Found in almost all species of blowfish. People eat ‘fugu’ for the thrill of it. They enjoy the tingle on their lips and tongue. Idiots. It’s also found on the skin of a few species of North American salamanders. The friend had some of these newts as pets. The pet frog was a clue. Somehow got the toxin into the victim’s mouth. Lestrade will test the mints I saw and I’ll be able to confirm my suspicion that they were covered in the toxin and left for the victim. The killer wouldn’t have wanted to be there.”
He glanced at John, possibly expecting admonishment for his dismissal. John looked irritated, but not at him.
“Okay, well.” John hesitated a moment, “Are you all right? Can you…?”
“Cheers,” replied Sherlock.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. John was not in his right mind. Sherlock had a pang of guilt but dismissed it the way all cold-hearted, sociopathic scientists would. Data was to be gathered, lives may be saved with the knowledge of this drug. This justification might have sounded more convincing to his own ears if he wasn’t currently and actively moving his hips away from John in the hopes that his flatmate wouldn’t feel something he’d been regularly hiding for the full two years of their acquaintance.
Sherlock made him look like that. He had disappointed him by acting like an arse a few hours before. And now John was up in the middle of the night. He’d probably set an alarm, knowing when Sherlock would need medication. He got up especially to take care of him. This fact made Sherlock so furious that he turned away from John again and gritted out, “Go away. In fact, why don’t you really go away,” he turned back towards John and glared, “Go find yourself someone who loves you. Someone who will want to be coddled and treated like a child. Someone who will put breasts in your face, and laugh at your inane jokes, and who’ll want to spend the rest of their pathetic life with you,” he hissed, “Leave. Me. Alone.”
“We could go back and forth like this forever,” John said softly.
Thanks for reading! I am
“Good,” he said with finality. Sherlock closed his eyes and John thought he was finished talking about his experience. But after a long silence, he said, “Mary drugged me. I fell to the floor. I tried to call out for you.”
One of John’s arms was cradling his head, the other was unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt. It had been a day and a night in the same clothes and he was happy for multiple reasons to be out of them. His shirt cuffs were undone, so John was able to open his shirt, lift him up to sitting, and peel it off of him easily, even over the short cast of his left wrist.
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand, which was currently pulling his hair, and moved it to his erection.
He heard John approach and he must have noticed that Sherlock wasn’t breathing like a sleeping person because he said, “Sherlock. Come on now, please sit up a bit at take this.”
John frowned at him.
He didn’t say any of that.
Seb had the look of a banker, but the crick in his nose told the story of someone who was not unfamiliar with hand-to-hand combat. “Ms. Morstan, I’m looking forward to working with you too.”
The man held the knife directly in front of Sherlock’s eyes and said, “I don’t want to kill you, I want to fuck you.”
“I’d watch you, and stare at your crotch in those stupid fitted trousers of yours. The cut is infuriating and serves to hide your bulge well. Let’s just say I was not expecting you to look like you do.”
“Your socks are not going next to mine.”
Sherlock yelled out, “Stay!” He could hear John grumbling something that sounded like ‘dog’, and then ‘cock’. He’d better hurry. John was always very interested in cocks, especially his and Sherlock’s. But with Sherlock’s out of the room, he had no doubt that John would take his second favorite cock in hand and this might be over very soon with Sherlock’s plans ruined. Sherlock quickly rifled through the drawer, grabbed the two necessary items, and rushed back into the lounge.
John continues to lightly stroke Sherlock’s fingertips with his own. It’s incredibly intimate.
“But so big, John,” said Sherlock and moved his hand to palm over John’s soft cock.
He squeezed his eyes shut, as was his M.O., and waited to see what John would do.
John reaches his other hand up to slide it around Sherlock’s neck and gently pull him closer. Sherlock quickly moves forward, inclining his head, to bring their lips together in a soft, warm kiss. A jolt of excitement, of pure joy, zings down John’s spine and settles in his groin, tingling deliciously.
Sherlock seemed to take John’s statement in the spirit in which it was given. Quiet, sad, but not bitter or a complaint. Sherlock smiled at him, dipped his head down in a nod of acknowledgement, and reached forward to tap his glass against John’s.
“Your deductions were brilliant as usual. Your coat always swings so lovely. Your beautiful face, and lips. And your eyes, holy fuck, your eyes.”
John barked out a sharp “Ha!” and said, “I should have known…”
John sat at the table and ate his soup, looking slightly less sad, but still not his normal self.
John stilled his fingers and said, “Maybe another time. I think you’ve had enough.”
“Yes.”
“I know you better every day, and I realized that I love every bit of you. So, yeah, I had a couple of days to think about it and I decided to stop being afraid.”
John surged forward and wrapped Sherlock tightly into his arms, kissing him fiercely for a long moment. Until the cabbie tapped the brakes strong enough for them to almost lose their balance. John turned, pulled himself upright, and looked at the cabbie in the mirror. The cabbie looked straight ahead as if nothing had happened. John scowled at him, then looked at Sherlock, who was smirking.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow and smirked but John wasn’t looking at him, he was looking for more shells in the sand. He closed his eyes and let his mind wander. He heard gentle scraping of John’s feet in the sand, the loud roar of small waves, the occasional sound of John’s camera. He felt small and large shells, smooth and cool to the touch, being placed on his skin. As John moved around him, the air cooled whenever he blocked the sunlight and warmed again when he moved away. Floating on a Florida beach, he let himself be bejeweled with the natural cast-offs of the local fauna.
Ellipses appeared and disappeared as if he was typing, deleting, and typing a response.
“Sherlock!”
John realized how unusual it was, how comfortable he was at Sherlock’s flat. With him but not needing to touch or talk. He was comforted by the crazy wallpaper, the cluttered shelves, the television sitting in a corner at an unwatchable angle.
His time with Sherlock would be cut short, he’d have to leave early for the airport...but it was only a two and a half hour flight. He could probably book as late as eight. Plenty of time to have Sherlock in his bed and make it to the airport.
“It’s just…central London. Large kitchen. Wasn’t what I was expecting.”
turned more desperate as they writhed against each other.
John just looked at him, face totally blank.
For some reason Sherlock thought John’s insult was hilarious, and replied giggling, “We’re walking.”
A few days later, Sherlock surreptitiously watched John slowly (
Sequel to Chapter 13
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut again and saw so clearly the image of John leaning over and staring at the blonde woman’s cleavage. Who was she? Had she been one of John’s recent string of girlfriends? Or had she known Dr. John H. Watson, soldier, before his deployment to Afghanistan? Had she known the confident, scar- and limp-free, gorgeously young John Watson? Sherlock had seen photos of John before he was deployed, and although Sherlock adored and worshiped every centimeter of John’s body as it was today, he was unreasonably, impossibly, envious of the procession of men and women that had gotten to have
She inched backwards reaching behind her for the door knob, never taking her eyes off of John. He made no more moves towards her and let her go.
John looked at him with brows furrowed, confused.
“Girlfriend? No, not really my area.”
Next there was scuffling and Sherlock moaning as he was being moved, presumably. As he felt his stomach drop, John hadn’t felt as helpless since lying in a hospital bed waiting for news of James and his men. He listened in horror as a whispered conversation barely made a sound through the speaker.
“She didn’t like that I talked so much about...” he hesitated and grabbed at the papers again. “...my new living situation.”
As they entered the cottage, Sherlock dropped his clothes on the floor. “Shower?” He looked at John whose eyes were enormous and dark.
“May I call you Sherlock?”
“Most of it was my mess anyway.”
Victor tried to protest on Sherlock’s behalf. “Aw, come on, he -“
Sherlock thought,
“Yes.”
“Come here.”
Sherlock was very confused. This was serious. John had a monster cock. Someone at a university or maybe even the government should be informed. Sherlock wondered how that would affect their relationship. Would people be after John now? Would he want to use his cock with other people? Sherlock’s bottom lip projected out in an incipient pout, on its way to full-blown.
John wiggled his hips exaggeratedly as they walked away. “Do you think he’s looking?”
John nodded, “Just a hick.” He wobbled a bit.
Unable to comprehend why his brain allowed his mouth to speak those words, John overcame his zombie-like state by shaking his head down at the sidewalk. He was going to wait to say anything,
Sherlock was still struck dumb at moments like these. John’s nose and ear tips were red, breath coming out in a fog, and smiling up at Sherlock with crinkling around his eyes.
His tone was very even. A small smile played across his lips though he did not seem happy.
“Well then, what?”
John had two emotions almost simultaneously, incredulity and worry. He was dismayed to realize that worry was winning out. “Fuck,” he said aloud.
John’s eyes raked over Sherlock. He said, “I should have known you would look like this.”
“Um. Well. I watched the show. Um,” he trailed off. He sounded like a right idiot.
Sherlock shook his head and sank further down into the pillows, closing his eyes.
Sherlock stood, eyes open, but eyelids heavily drooping.
“His condition was not good, but he’s expected to make a full recovery with no permanent physical issues. They are both at the same hospital, in fact. Sharing a room.” He smiled. “Victor will be released later today. Noah in a few days.”
, Sherlock thought.
John sighed, “I got reading glasses at Boots. They help. Don’t say anything.”
“I like boys too. I like you.”
“Sweetheart,” John said fondly.
Sherlock sighed and said, “John.” in the exact tone that someone else would say 'Be reasonable'.
John looked over the chart.
on Tumblr. If you love John and Sherlock, come say hello.
John thought back to his birthday in 2011. He and Sherlock were so close right before he died. And they were so close to becoming something more. Something greater together than the two of them individually.
He didn’t say anything.
He’d tried too many wrong ones so the machine ate his card.
My phone chirped. I checked the time. It was unusual for anyone to contact me at this early hour.
Ten days later he got an e-mail from an unknown address. It simply read
Sherlock smiled back. He reached up to John’s biceps and pulled him down on top of him. He grabbed John’s head in his large hands, guiding him down for another kiss. The kiss was every bit as passionate as the last. Sherlock’s tongue probed in and out of his mouth. His own tried to keep up. John bit and sucked on Sherlock’s gorgeous full lips as often as he could manage. Their hands roamed everywhere until Sherlock found his arse. Sherlock’s legs were spread wide and he’d maneuvered John between them, grinding their erections together once more. John realized, yet again, that he was close. He should have known Sherlock would be impatient, even in this.
Sherlock stayed that way, just rubbing up and down his length slowly. Watching John. It was torture but he kept his eyes open, half-lidded to maintain eye contact whenever John looked up at him.
John sucked bruises into his neck while he undid Sherlock’s flies. John pulled out Sherlock’s incredibly hard cock and started stroking it roughly and quickly. He gripped Sherlock’s hair tighter with the other hand. It was heaven.
Sherlock hauled John up to standing and turned him around. He knelt to start unbuttoning his jeans. John placed his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders for balance as he helped him out of his shoes, socks, pants, and jeans.
Sherlock looked up again, surprised.
John was very vocal. Sherlock thought he was perfect.
I wondered if he had a bolt hole. If he did, I’d find it in two minutes.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he shot his hands into the air.
“Bastard,” said John.
John looked slightly surprised and then softly pleased. He walked over to Sherlock and held out his hand. Sherlock took it and they walked into the bedroom. After nightly ablutions, they climbed into bed naked, finding each others’ warm skin. They slotted themselves together and made slow, quiet love, unhurried and blissful.
but he resisted it petulantly.
After a quick trip to the loo, Sherlock slipped back into bed with John none the wiser. He ducked his head under the duvet and slid down until he was at eye-level with John’s magnificent cock. Sherlock always imagined it was big, but the thickness of it when it was erect was beyond what he suspected. After all, John was a fairly small, slight man.
John looked up at him, his mouth open wide, sucking on his balls.
He heard a thud he hoped wasn’t Sherlock’s head hitting the door.
Sherlock took a deep breath and composed himself. Never breaking eye contact with Mycroft, he said, “Lestrade, I do hope you will stand by my brother despite the likelihood of erectile disfunction.”
“You look gorgeous on your knees,” John said.
They walked down to the cafe and took their coffees into the courtyard. They sat at a small table with Greg’s mobile face up between them. They sipped in silence for a long time. John knew Greg was watching him. Adrenaline had worn off and he hope the caffeine would focus his mind. But the truth was he was worried sick and the tremor in his left hand was coming back. He hated to think that all of his post-traumatic stress syndrome symptoms would return. He silently vowed not to sleep (no dreams) until Sherlock was found.
“We’re so pathetic,” John choked out, now smiling. They stared at each other for a few minutes, just breathing and touching each other’s cheeks. “Keep talking about my cock.”
“Yours, yes, always,” he managed to choke out.
“And I don’t remember anything feeling like that ever.”
Sherlock looks out the window, looking exactly the way he had when they were waiting for Jeff Hope. John stares at the side of Sherlock’s face, remembering. He chuckles a bit, thinking back to that night and his awkward attempt to get to know this strange man, who he now calls a friend. Sherlock has completely turned his life upside down in only a few short weeks. John can’t imagine his life without Sherlock now. John wonders if Sherlock feels something similar.
John smiled, “Fucking fantastic tea.”
“Always?”
on Tumblr.
By then Molly and Lestrade had made their way over to the bench.
John surprised him though. Seems that John surprised him each time they met. Sherlock was...intrigued.
He pulled a piece of paper, folded white cardstock, from the envelope and said, “What is it?”
If there was any way to deny this, delete it, make it disappear, I would. But I couldn’t, I knew.
“Yep,” and he popped the ‘p’ as he sometimes did for emphasis.
John’s head snapped up and he snarled, “No, he’s an arsehole, and you’re mine!” He roughly grabbed Sherlock’s head and pulled him down into a rough kiss.
John had not noticed at the time but Sherlock must have been so on edge that he couldn’t wait. John was slightly regretful and slightly flattered that the act of sucking his cock could reduce his normally composed friend into a man with the libido and stamina of an adolescent boy.
“Oh,” she said breezily, “of course not.”
“Whenever you like.”
His tolerance for pain was extremely high but as his arm bumped against his body as he was flailing around, his discomfort was announced to all of those around him with each sharply inhaled breath.
Sherlock deflated. “No you don’t, John.”
“You snore-snorted.”
Sherlock climbed up and draped himself along John’s back. John hummed and reached for his wrist, pulling it to his hand to gently bite the tips of Sherlock’s long, elegant fingers.
I knew climbing the steps that I would not like what I was going to discover. Of course, I knew. I was 33 years old. I had studied human behavior, human interaction, physiological responses to hundreds of types of stimuli. Unfortunately, I knew.
John just smiled, loving Sherlock’s full attention on him.
Thanks for reading! I am
Sherlock and Victor looked at each other. Then at the officers, and nodded.
Then John was touching him and he lifted his eyes to meet John’s.
“Yes, yes, yes,” he chanted.
He pushed himself up onto his elbows and opened his legs just a bit. That seemed to jolt John into action. He kicked off his shoes and shoved his jeans and briefs down and off in record time. Before he could predict what was next - his deductive mind was barely functional - John knelt between his legs and had his cock between his lips. John groaned and kept his eyes closed, a look of pure bliss on his face. He sucked and licked at the head tenderly, slowly, as if savoring a coveted prize. Sherlock blew out a sharp breath and dropped his shoulders back to the mattress.
“I promise. Everything you said. I promise.” Then Sherlock broke into a huge grin, and a few tears slid down his cheek when his eyes crinkled.
He wondered if she’d looked at his photos. He must have hesitated because she said, “I saw your book, very nice.”
Sherlock smiled at him, looked down at his fully hard cock, looked back at John and raised one perfect eyebrow.
Sherlock sucked harder, faster, sliding his hand up and down Victor’s shaft.
Sherlock smiled and flicked open the clasp of his trousers. He slowly undid the zip and stroked his cock once more. He flexed his glutes and his trousers dropped to the floor, erection springing free.
“John,” he moaned.
John seemed friendly enough but there was something. He swayed slightly where he stood as he took in the room. When his eyes finally found mine once again, I could see the lids drooping. His dilated pupils were perfectly normal given the dim light of the room, however, the soft smile combined with my other observations could only mean one thing. John had spent the afternoon in a pub.
“You’re shaking like a leaf. What do you need, love? Tell me.”
“Better.”
He walked towards John calmly, as if he wasn’t the most gorgeous thing John had ever seen.
“Non-biological?”
John leaned up and kissed his perfect pout. “What is it?”
“Well. I had the ‘good fortune’,” he emphasized the last with finger air quotes, “to interview young Sherlock.” He smirked. “He’s such an arsehole.”
The praise seemed to energize him and his eyes went wide in a fantastic approximation of rage.
John’s eyes softened and a small, almost sad, smile played on his lips. “I always have, too.”
Finally, the champagne, sun, salt, and sex was too much and John’s breathing turned deep and slow. With the arm not currently full of John, he lifted the duvet and covered them. He looked down into John’s upturned face and whispered, “I need you too.”
“I have to go home,” he said out loud.
“Feel good?”
“Stop!” Sherlock shouted, startling John into looking up at him. The look of surprise was quickly replaced with one of salacious intent.
John moved back to Baker Street on a date that Sherlock would have designated a national holiday if he cared at all about holidays. Only a few weeks later, the newspapers screamed about a British Army Major-General caught having a love affair with a lower ranking officer. It had derailed both of their careers temporarily, but each got good private sector jobs despite the scandal. Sherlock was only interested in the story at all because of his interest in John’s interest in Army news.
“God, you are so hard for me,” he says, voice rough.
Sherlock wasn’t tired but bed sounded perfect. “Me too.”
Sherlock startled and turned. John looked completely unsurprised that Sherlock was holding the photo.
“So loud...he yelled ‘fuck me’...called me daddy.”
I was fond of him.
John sighed. “Yeah.” He paused for a long time. What was it with him and Sherlock? How could he explain this to Greg? He didn’t know if he understood the immediate chemistry and attraction enough to articulate it. “I met him. I thought he was beautiful, of course.”
What he does not know is why anyone would want to put chili pepper in a biscuit.
The cab pulled up in front of 221B. “So, here we are.”
John smiled and ran his fingers through Sherlock’s frizzy curls. “I’ll just…” John pointed to the camera and got up.
Sherlock bent down and kissed John lightly on the forehead, pulled away and looked at him. He bent down again and placed light kisses all over John’s face, his eyelids, cheekbones, the crinkles at the corner of his eyes, the swelling under his eyes, the side of his lips which quirked up. Sherlock stopped, pulled slightly back, and John opened his eyes.
As I entered the flat, it occurred to me that perhaps John wanted to have breakfast with me and his date. Despite all evidence to the contrary, I couldn’t help being wary of this possibility. Only John’s coat and shoes were by the door. I removed my own coat and shoes and crept up the stairwell to his room. I listened silently by the closed door, but only soft sounds of John’s breath emerged. Satisfied, I snuck back down to my bedroom, removed my jacket, and retired to my bed for a light doze until John awoke.
When his grief waned and anger took its place, he became suspicious that he’d hit a nerve and that she really did know something about Jack’s disappearance. He didn’t want to believe that she would have something to do with crime or a cover-up or both. With no friends, resources, Mary, or anything else he reluctantly gave up hope of ever finding out what happened to Jack. He’d never had Jack’s contact information. He knew Jack didn’t have family and had few friends. He hoped he was wrong, but in his gut he knew something had happened to Jack. Beautiful, shy Jack. One morning after his shower, John broke down, sitting on the tile floor, and cried for him.
“On your stomach,” the smaller of the two men said to Sherlock.
“He’s Mi5 among other things. Let’s be smart about this,” Greg said as he dialed his mobile.
“If someone like me can know that someone like you can love him, then surely you can believe the reverse is true?”
John says, eyebrows raised suggestively, “So the work and you and I are having a fun time, are we?”
He turned, smiling, “Sherlock.” The fondness in it caused an unfamiliar flutter in the vicinity of my breastbone.
“Hello, I’m John Watson, the photographer. That’s Billy.” He stuck out his hand to shake the model’s hand.
“Everyone likes to spice it up once in a while, don’t they?” he waggled his eyebrows, one end of his overly large moustache quirked up.
Turned out that the bottle did contain water. Victor drank greedily from it. But the small paper bag contained only trouble. Victor was wild-eyed and delusional for a reason.
“Why do you do that?”
This was no Afghanistan. This was New York City. It was oddly refreshing. New Yorkers tended to be direct, creative, judgemental, and dressed all in black. He fit right in with these brusque people though he hid it well, especially back home in London. He could hide behind his non-threatening, eternally polite English persona there. In the UK, he hid in plain sight so people didn’t recognize his damage. Also, people didn’t realize that he had trained with the Israeli army and knew not only how to disable several threatening armed people by himself, all at once. He also knew how to kill a person with one finger. One very well-placed, well-timed finger. John Watson may be a fashion photographer now, but he was still a deadly weapon in a cardigan.
Sherlock slumped against John’s chest, still favoring his broken arm, but snaked his right arm around his waist and squeezed so hard that John let out a whoosh of breath.
“You make me feel amazing,” John releases his cock, “Now together.”
John pulled back, looked up at his face, and quietly said, “It’s very simple. I love you and I’m never going to leave you. Not even when you act like a jealous, viciously rude, ungrateful twat. Because most of the time, the way you love me takes my breath away, and I have to fucking pinch myself to make sure I’m not dreaming this life. With you.”
He got up and walked back and forth across the large room taking in as many details as he could. When he approached her desk she reached forward to shake his hand. “Nice to meet you Sherlock, I’ll be in touch. Graham has your book.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Even though they’d had outstanding sex not an hour ago, John found himself bent over with his hands on the tile, writhing in pleasure, hard as stone, with Sherlock’s too-big tongue in his arse.
These gorgeous young hardbodies who winked and thrust their hips forward were no match for John Watson. John smirked into his drink. Sherlock looked over at him and frowned. He frowned back and tilted his head as if to say,
I smiled back, “We are.”
Sherlock blinked. He knew the average length and girth of British male genitalia when flaccid and erect. He had measured his at some point and thought that he remembered he was somewhere around average.
“You’re a dirty liar.”
“I’ve dreamt of these lips.”
“Yeah,” John gasped, “Yes, more.”
One thing rung in his ears
“Your face, but I can’t...look at,” he put his head back down on his folded elbows, “the rest of you.”
John stood and took photos from every angle.
on Tumblr.
John looked surprised and huffed, “Oh, love. You are.”
I watched him leave and slowly climb the stairs to his room.
It was after hours, but that was not an obstacle for Sherlock and his lock picks. They entered Regent’s park and Sherlock headed towards a cryptic gate unfamiliar to John. Lock picked, they entered quietly.
“Brilliant. You are brilliant,” John smiled and pulled him in for a kiss. They kissed deep and slow for several long minutes.
) eyes. His eyelids narrowed but he did not extend his hand.
“Morning, love,” John rasped.
“High. Right. Normal. They’ve got me addicted to this stuff, I think.”
“That’s a yes,” John muttered softly and indicated to the bartender that they would like another round. The bartender smiled broadly, turned quickly, and began to make Sherlock’s drink.
“I think so Sherlock Holmes. You are looking seriously beautiful in this light and my camera can’t wait.”
Before he could utter one sound, John dropped his smile, squeezed his arm hard, and scowled.
John smiled a huge, indulgent grin. “Let’s get married.”
John pushed his pants down his legs and kicked them away. He stood before him, one meter between them. Sherlock’s eyes surveyed John's body slowly, more slowly than he expected given his preceding restlessness.
“Why do you think this is a murder?” John asked.
“Sherlock!” John shouted.
Sherlock, confident and sure, said, “You. You make me happy.”
“Bloke had a lot of friends,” he pointed at the one with the woman, “This looks like a sister.”
Sherlock was funny, sometimes unintentionally. They laughed until tears streamed down their faces. No one had made John laugh like Sherlock. Sherlock saved him and he would be grateful to him until the day he took his last breath.
“Small room,” he said lowly but loud enough for Lestrade to hear, looking out the window, “Facing southwest. Third floor? I’m not sure, the staircases and hallways are rambling in this place. Two women working the front desk and I’m supposed to be meeting Graham here. There’s the open doorway I walked through and that’s it. No hidden room or closet or anything. Whatever they are going to do, they’re going to do it out in the open.”
Sherlock knew that he’d been forgiven, but the argument was an old one. He got frustrated, and took it out on John. John had never threatened him, but he knew there was only so much that he could take before he would leave him. The thought of losing John sent a jolt of terror through his frame. He vowed right then to remember that feeling whenever he felt a black mood coming on.
Without doing a thing, it seemed that I had ruined John’s date. Well, he had ruined it with his apparent obsession with me. Raising my palms together to rest under my chin, I thought about telling John how I felt. However, he seemed irritated at the moment so I would have to wait, but I estimated my chances for romance with John were raised to 40% given this conversation.
John groaned, “Forget it, I’m sorry.” He reached for Sherlock’s hand, which lay limply on the bed next to him.
“You're graceful, amazing, brilliant. You're stunning, unique, and the most beautiful man - no, the most beautiful thing, of all the beautiful things I've ever seen…” John trailed off. He stood still and looked at Sherlock with the most heart-breakingly sad eyes. “I can't do this.”
John popped up and reached for Sherlock’s hand. Shells rained down, plink-clinking onto the sand as he stood. He picked up his discarded clothes, bunched them up and clutched them to his chest. They walked hand-in-hand back to their cottage.
I raised my eyebrows and he beckoned once more by wiggling the fingers of his outstretched hand.
“Oh, I... don’t know.” He was genuinely surprised by the question.
Anderson handed it over and said, “We’ve already looked through it. Nothing out of the ordinary.”
But when the handsome young bartender with dark skin and beautiful smile asked Sherlock if he wanted to try their special, he said yes. When their drinks arrived, Sherlock was delighted to find a fresh pink orchid adorning the rim.
“Oh? I thought your moral code would cause you to frown on such relationships.”
“Holding you to that. Now,” he said and placed both hands on his hips. He slid them back and cupped John’s arse cheeks in his large hands. “We must talk about the elephant in the room.”
Sherlock was stunned into silence, frozen there in his chair. It took him a few minutes to come back to the living room at 221B from within his head. He lunged out of his chair, grabbed for his coat, and noisily clattered down the stairs. John was down the block a bit, but Sherlock easily caught up. John took one look at his face, broke into a huge dopey grin, and kissed him right there on Baker Street.
John nodded to the paramedics, then over to where Lestrade stood talking with a couple of agents. “Let me check with them.”
“Ah...okay. Good? I guess.”
. On the fourth night, John broke. Sherlock had been leaving him alone, completely unsure about what to do. John fidgeted in his chair. Quickly, he leapt to standing, ran up the stairs to his old bedroom, and slammed the door. Sherlock sat still, surprised eyes wide. He went upstairs and opened the door.
“Oh.” Victor looked dejected.
“John, I was gone forty-two seconds.”
John asked, “Is it?”
Sherlock seemed to know what he needed. He pulled away and said, “Touch yourself. Pull on your gorgeous cock.” The word ‘cock’ muffled as he dove back in to lick and kiss John’s entrance. He added his middle finger. Longer. Thicker. His wet, long, probing tongue licked around where he was breaching him, making it comfortable, not painful, stimulating, smooth, easy. Sherlock nudged and teased John’s prostate constantly and he had the fleeting, panicked thought that he would have to come right then or he would never be able to come again.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John slurred, “you smell fantastic.” He smiled up at Sherlock but it seemed he could not open his eyes.
He pulled John’s hair lightly and said softly, “John.”
Mary just hummed in response. Then she said, “Are you close with your family?”
on Tumblr, please come by and say hello.
Sherlock solved it in 20 minutes. I imagine berating Hayes for wasting his time took longer than that. The six passengers were part of an extended family. After looking at everyone’s Facebook and Snapchat it was clear who had done it, at least to Sherlock. A grad student, Richard, from the Physics Department at Bristol University was in love with one of the daughters, but it seemed she didn’t return his affections. She lived in Edinburgh and was not in the balloon that day, but Richard thought that if her whole family died tragically, then he could swoop in and comfort her.
His narrowed eyes snapped to John’s. A current thrilled up the back of his neck at Sherlock’s laser focus on him. He watched as John got up, walked over, and sat on the sofa next to him. He kept a bit of distance between them.
Sherlock waited for John’s reaction.
I raised my hands palm-to-palm to rest below my chin. I hadn’t thought that John might be worried about me. Is that what happened when you had a flatmate? A friend?
. He bit his lips as he allowed these thoughts to arouse himself. He could feel his cock stiffen, trapped against his left inner thigh by his trousers.
He knew it was the circumstance, the hormones, the spectacular orgasm, but he couldn’t help himself. After a few long moments of gathering their breaths back to normal, through light kisses and strokes to the thick base of his thumb, he said it.
Daddy pretends to think about it, stroking an imaginary beard. Little Sherlock squeals, amused. “Daddyyyyyy!! Play!! Play doctor?”
He would. He was a sharp monster. Merciless. Ugly.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said. His voice cut through the heart monitor. “You… you were just a kid when you were sixteen, yeah? You know, the—the cutting, the drugs—they’re all things you decided to do. And, you know what I think about kids who do stuff like that? I think they shouldn’t’ve had to make that kind of a decision at all. They shouldn’t’ve felt so bad about themselves that they felt like they were all alone and had to take things into their own hands. Okay? They were kids—you were just a kid—and someone should’ve been watching out for you. You deserved
It hurt.
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath. His wounds scraped against John’s shirt. His heart ached. He gave up. It was easy.
Food forgotten, he examined his arm. Typically he did not like to cut over old scars, unless he was trying to create one that was raised. He’d discovered that if he sliced through a raised scar, the new cut would also become raised even if it weren’t deep, as though the keloid tissue were spreading.
He puffed out a single laugh. That was the question. Why should he continue to push forward? Why should he continue?
I’m exhausted and I honestly want to cut. To run my blade through my skin just to stop this.
I choose pain because it has defined my world.
Something seared in Sherlock’s chest, a pain he had never known existed, and his own hands scrabbled for purchase in John’s shirt.
Harry ignored him.
The plastic vase holding a fake flower on the sleeping patient’s plain bedside table, the linoleum floor, and the white walls all communicated tranquility and normalcy, but it was too forced and unmoving to be believed, John thought for the first time. He had, of course, thought this about the hospital his old man had died at (had, in fact, been glad that the sterile environment prevented him from collapsing into tears)—but his place of work had been regarded clinically until now, which, he supposed wryly, was the problem.
Finally, he was ready. He started out gently, grazing the blade over the skin near the crook of his arm. At first it didn’t seem like he’d broken the skin, but then tiny droplets of blood sprung up barely staining his skin pink. Now more. Again. Deeper. He placed his blade carefully on the next clean patch of skin. Cutting was like playing his violin. It took control. Each of his fingers on his blade—the way he balanced the bow in his hand—influenced the cut that was made. The depth, the length, whether it slid through skin or merely scraped it off. He closed his eyes, moved his left hand, feeling the blade slide through his skin, feeling his heart stop, feeling the adrenaline course through his veins. He was alive. He could breathe. He was calm, his mind centered impossibly on one thing only—the small point of contact where the blade met his body. The clarity proved his mind’s ability, focused him after all the murk, the drifting.
“Daddy cuddle,” he says.
“Well, watch it,” Lestrade says. “You know I can’t have you consulting if you’re not sober.”
make me his
After the bandages went on, so carefully and gently, John pressed a kiss in to Sherlock’s sweaty curls.
“You didn’t tell him? How do you know he wasn’t watching the ceremony on tellie?”
in his eyes—the tears. Sherlock was—John felt empty—innocent. He was not a perpetrator of a terrible crime. He was innocent.
My feet take me to Tesco, even though I don’t want to go there. I could eat the whole store. I can’t get sugar out of my mind. The thought is gnawing at me from the inside out. My brain is starving. My calf muscles are cramping, aching. I imagine my muscles are deteriorating from lack of caloric intake.
He fixed tea and sat at the table, flipping through a medical journal. He smiled at an article on the effects of arsenic on nail health, bookmarking it for Sherlock.
But this. This safe holding. Sherlock can’t be alone now. He cries into John’s shoulder. John holds him. He holds him tightly, long enough that Sherlock trusts that, if it were possible, his Daddy would never let go. Long enough that Sherlock trusts that if he falls asleep, his Daddy will stay.
Sherlock stepped forward, his face remaining as blank as cement, and sat at the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was bleeding. Droplets of blood welled up, flooded each cut, and dribbled down the side of his arm. He pressed a tissue to his forearm, enjoying the way straight crimson lines painted the tissue. Blood was good.
When Sherlock was a few feet away, John could see the dark circles under his eyes. He could see the sallow tone in his skin. He still took John’s breath away. But he looked tired, and...blank.
He wriggled back and popped his face up from behind the mattress. He smiled and Sherlock grinned back.
They took Graham’s belongings to the station to sift through. John was extremely frustrated about the time lost, but Greg was right, they couldn’t sort through it all efficiently in his tiny home office.
He woke up alone in a Kabul hospital. He spent several days asking after James and his men, but frustratingly little information was forthcoming. John was not supposed to be present at the operation. His suspicion was that James had somehow gotten him out, quietly and unofficially. John Watson was a ghost, omitted from the record.
“I really don’t.”
“You are a genius,” John said.
John squeezed his arms tighter, pursed his lips and tried to surge up, presumably to kiss Sherlock. Their lips never touched because John’s compact body went limp. John was not a large man but Sherlock was dangerously close to dropping him.
Sherlock reached down over his shoulder to palm John's crotch.
I hope you enjoyed this little look into the boys' pasts. Please come find me on tumblr, I am
They grinned at each other until the smiles turned into soft laughter. Sherlock adored the creases around John’s eyes and the way his lovely lips opened to reveal perfect teeth.
“Thanks Mike, this is amazing.Thirty minutes though...”
His gaze swept down the length of his broad back to his arse. Sherlock’s ample bum was always a source of joy for John. If Sherlock would let him, he'd spend hours just squeezing and biting and licking those round cheeks. The way they looked swaying in his thin pajama trousers was almost too much. John wondered if Sherlock would let him do that right now. John adjusted his half hard cock in his own pajama trousers.
Before I met John, I knew how to be alone. Well, I thought I did. Turns out I was actually desperately lonely. When John is not with me I feel his absence acutely, and I'd rather it not happen anymore, or ever again, really.
He gathered his coat and shoes, looking back at John once more. He walked out into the kitchen where there was an ancient chalkboard that hadn’t been used by John or any of the recent tenants. Yet there it was with a small sliver of chalk waiting for Sherlock’s lament.
Sherlock frowned. He’d never heard of it.
Sherlock moved his finger shallowly, in and out. “God, I love doing this to you.” John could hear the smile in his voice.
John would be shooting. They hadn’t spent more than an hour or two apart since he was rescued. He knew they’d have to separate eventually. He sighed. John must have been excited about who it was for him to bring it up.  “Oh right. Who?”
“This is strange.”
This is the second part of Chapter 6 -
Greg looked up, “I know, mate, but that’s what it says.”
John reached across the table to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s fidgeting hand. “Tell me what’s going on.”
“Oh. ‘Sperment.”
“I trust you. It’s not your fault, love,” John said and smiled at Sherlock. He pulled their faces close, his face much softer now. “I trust you.”
He didn’t want it from the very beginning. But when he was
John stilled his hands, hesitated, “She’s someone I went to medical school with. We dated,” he looked away, “She said I looked the same. Which isn’t true, of course, but it felt good.”
John would never, ever get over what Sherlock knew and didn’t know. He said, sarcastically, “Really?”
He found that thought strangely arousing and pointedly decided to ignore that for now.
“What?”
and Twitter at
Sherlock bent down and kissed John's hair.
John ran his hands over Sherlock’s hips, around underneath his bum, and down the backs of his thighs. In one quick movement, he raised Sherlock’s knees towards his own shoulders, lowered his mouth to his exposed arsehole, and licked, firm and hot.
John gripped Sherlock to him as he rode out his orgasm and said, “That’s it, love. Beautiful. I love you.”
“What are you….” He lifted the card to his nose and inhaled deeply. He pulled the paper away from his face but not quickly enough to stop the sharp sting to his nasal passages. He sank to his knees as she coldly watched. “J-…” he trailed off.
John muttered, “Models,” while Sherlock grinned at him. The water finally lapped up over his partial erection. John stayed on shore but raised his camera to take a photo. The light washed the sea out to a whitish green so Sherlock’s normally pale skin glowed like warm honey. The waves rose and lapped at his gorgeous bum. He looked over his shoulder giving John a look of pouted lips and almost-startled eyes. He took the photo as Sherlock turned. He looked caught out, coquettish.
John settles firmly behind him, his front pressed to his back, his hands rubbing warmly against his stomach. Sherlock is held for some time while he cries, and he needs John so much, but he is reminded of—of—and his arm—
Daddy kisses baby’s scratch. Sherlock opens his eyes. “My sweet boy,” Daddy says. “I know how these scratches are made.”
Sherlock removed the tartan blanket from his shoulders and draped it on the back of a chair. John tried not to stare at the way Sherlock’s hip bones were visible through his low-slung pajama bottoms. He knew bringing it up wouldn’t do any good. Especially not now that Sherlock seemed to be very adult. The sharpness had returned.
“I generally pretend she isn’t,” Sherlock said.
“Poor pet,” John says, mercifully avoiding the topic of my cooking. “Lestrade will call you in soon. How was your day?”
What was it about John? He made him feel—safe. He made him feel close and guided and taken care of. Well, no more of that. No more creature comforts, no more begging for attention. At the end of the day, the only thing that mattered was Sherlock himself. He kept himself right. He helped himself. He decided what was best for himself. No one else.
“Sherlock, the mayor is asking you to get up there.” Lestrade.
“You wrote that blog post,” Harry said. They were sitting at her kitchen table, which was overflowing with the newspapers Harry had purchased. “What did you expect?”
“What John?” Ella asked.
“No…” Sherlock pouts. “Daddy and Sherlock play!”
Sherlock shudders, feels tears rushing to his eyes. But Daddy holds him until he’s okay again. And by then the pancakes are ready to eat.
Yes, I would like that very much.
He runs his hands up and down my thighs. I have some self-harm scars on my right thigh. His touch feels soothing. He accepts and acknowledges this part of me.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. It didn’t matter either way. The way he felt—cleansed, controlled, nothing—it felt like he could be dismembered and he wouldn’t have any sense of his body being invaded on.
—was sitting on his bed, hand pressed to his mouth, sobbing uncontrollably, and—John’s heart leapt to his throat—his arm… oh god…
So—were people afraid of him? Did he seem cold? Arrogant? Untouchable?
It’s night. I’m alone.
“Oh, my beautiful boy,” John finally whispers into his shaking shoulders, placing a kiss on the nape of his neck, “I love you so much. I love you forever. Please tell me what’s wrong, hm?”
He alienated people. He repulsed them and made them hate him, brought out the parts of people that yelled and screamed and manipulated and neglected and
I cross over to the fridge and thank god—though god doesn’t exist—that the impulse to hide this from John is stronger than the impulse to binge.
Lestrade sighed. “You’re going to be in here for a while, Sherlock. They have you in here for—”
knew the image that he wanted to project—had to, to believe he wasn’t nothing—with his coat and curls. But sometimes he just felt removed from his body. Like he was watching himself. And he never knew what to make of himself. He always just seemed… whole.
“Hush,” John said quietly. “It’s alright now.” He rested one hand in Sherlock’s hair—
Wiggins creeps up to me. I am so tired I cannot deduce her. She’s wrapped in a smelly blanket.
“My sweet boy,” Daddy grunts, his hard, unforgiving cock the only thing left in Sherlock’s world, “it’s all right, come on, come for me, I love you, I’m here, I’m not going anywhere, I love you, my brilliant, sweet boy—”
My stomach twists. I feel very low. I take a soil sample from Matilda’s garden and leave.
I slide into bed next to John. He’s sleeping and never heard me come in. Or go out, for that matter. I clasp my hands over my stomach and feel gravity making it concave. It churns, and I take comfort in knowing that it will be flat again in the morning. I’m hungry. I let the hunger sweep over me.
The tub is nice and warm, blue with huckleberry water
The door swings open some time later. Out of long time habit, he flinches, but reassuring footsteps present themselves.
“John,” Sherlock whispered. He stared through the dark, trying to grasp John’s silhouette with his eyes.
His fingers find Sherlock’s prostate, and Sherlock’s whole body jerks and he cries, “Ah-ah-ah!
“Care for a bit?” I ask. “Please, take it off my hands.”
at work sometimes, had even stitched a teenaged girl up as she sat stoically, masking tears. Nurses and doctors hadn’t known how to respond. One nurse had even refused to help the girl, because the wounds were self-inflicted, so did she not want them to be taken care of? Then, after John had taken over, after he’d numbed the area before giving her stitches and bandages, and after he had cleaned any other wounds—should he let her go? Should he refer her to a psychiatrist? Should he section her? Was she suicidal? She hadn’t seemed too distressed, but Sherlock had, last night…. He hadn’t known what to do….
He would no longer try to forge connections. John meant nothing to him. He was in this for himself, only himself.
“I’m not,” Sherlock said. “Not if you have to witness this. It’s distressing for you.”
It was like a switch had been flipped. John took a step back from Sherlock, raising his hands. “It’s okay,” he said. “I don’t care anymore.”
he said. He took two wobbling steps. He felt so light.
Now… he was someone. All of a sudden… he didn’t have to survive anymore.
“God, Harry, stop reading me those,” John groaned. He buried his head in his arms.
John huffed, looking back down at Sherlock’s bandages. “Right, you know everything.”
God, he didn’t know what to do. Last night had been so embarrassing. John got into his bed and held the covers up for Sherlock. He climbed in.
“Your brother?” John asked. He knew the answer before he asked the question, but asked it anyway. “Who is your brother?”
John preferred to work without an assistant but when his agent Mike pushed Billy on him, he couldn’t really say no. Billy was tall with greasy hair and dark circles under his eyes. At least he was English.
Sherlock ignored her. Actually, he was ignoring them all, rapidly sinking into a deeply silent sulk.
John’s eyes widened slightly at the unexpected sentimentality of his confession. He blinked several times quickly and took a few shaky breaths.
, he thought as he drifted back to sleep.
This morning he emitted small groans and high-pitched mewling noises that seemed to both amuse and arouse John. He kept squeezing Sherlock to him with one hand on the back of his neck or between his shoulder blades, hand never leaving Sherlock’s cock. John’s erection was flattened by Sherlock grinding his arse cheeks down onto it. Sherlock’s hands alternated from roaming over John’s bare chest where his dressing gown had come open and pulling John’s hair.
“John.”
John remembered what Mycroft had told him about a second location they were going to investigate in hopes of finding more victims. There was also Graham, Mary, and any number of people from Agra to interrogate. He was confident they’d find more. “They’ll find Noah, I’m sure of it.”
Sherlock looked out the window. “Yes.”
He strode across the room just as he heard the taps shut off, snatching the photo from its pocket with long fingers. The first thing he observed was that there were no other photos in the pocket. He held the paper in his hand and looked. He couldn’t pretend anymore. Here was evidence that John, beautiful John, had printed a photo of him - THAT photo of him - and kept it with him.
He nodded his thanks.
“John.”
Before John could decide what he would do next, Victor noticed him. And Sherlock noticed Victor looking behind them. Unconsciously, his body stiffened into parade’s rest. He found himself jerking his chin up as Sherlock turned around. He watched as Sherlock’s affectionate and smiling eyes fell on his. He held his breath as Sherlock’s face fell.
His eyes widened and he barked out a laugh. “I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to that.”
“Good on you,” he said. “I’m so glad.” He turned to John and said, “Right. Let’s get to work.”
John knew a lot of people in the business but he certainly wasn’t the most connected. Surely Sherlock had worked with other photographers who had been around for a lot longer. Also, how would Sherlock know who he knew?
John walked around to the other side of the bed, climbed in behind Sherlock and beneath the duvet, laid his head on the pillow, and brought one hand up to gently stroke Sherlock’s nape curls.
“James.”
John dropped his hand. Sherlock turned and walked down the alley and turned the corner. In a few short minutes he was there.
Sherlock looked a bit sad. John stopped shooting and was about to ask if he could change his facial expression when he quietly said, “My friend, Victor, got in a spot of trouble in Milan. I tried to help him but I couldn't. It didn't work.”
Sherlock looked at him, scowled actually. He looked like he was trying to figure out a terrifically difficult puzzle. After a moment, his face relaxed, a smug expression took over his lovely features, and he crossed his arms.
“What?”
“Where’s John?”
“Please sit up, drink this, and take these.”
John turned to him and said quietly, “God help me, I do.” He smiled and Sherlock smiled back easily. The next words out of his mouth were totally unbidden and he could have kicked himself for saying them. “This is probably a terrible idea, love.”
So, of course, John Watson wants to be penetrated by the love of his life. Sherlock craves John’s cock so much that they don’t get to it that often, but when they do he likes Sherlock to be on his back. John has been lovingly, tenderly prepared by long violinist’s fingers. He reaches down to lift Sherlock’s impossibly hard cock from where it had been flat against his belly, to angle it just right, getting into position, touching skin-to-skin. He pauses for a delicious moment, just to tease them both, then sinks back in one slow slide.
John could see that this was true by the obviously growing bulge in his pajamas. John’s urge to have Sherlock in his mouth was sudden and strong enough to propel him to his feet and over to Sherlock. He leaned against Sherlock’s folded arms and placed a few short kisses on his beloved plump lips. He went down to his knees and pulled Sherlock’s pajamas down with him.
“John,” he purred and leaned down to kiss John’s jawline and nudged his nose under his earlobe. He reached down with one hand and gave John’s arse a sharp squeeze.
It took twelve minutes for Sherlock to answer.
“You’re mad and perfect and I’m happy to be here with you too.” He walked over and handed him his cup. “Cheers,” he said, clinking their little cups together. They downed their drinks in one gulp.
“You haven’t been answering your phone. Wilkes must have been calling you.” John grinned as he watched Sherlock’s flustered reaction.
He handed the glass to Sherlock and said, “I hope you like Chinese.”
“Hello sweetheart,” he said, somewhat muffled since his head and shoulders were currently crammed underneath his bed. Sherlock wouldn’t be able to see him from the doorway at all.
Sherlock breathed, “Love.” He felt light-headed. It was a familiar feeling but he had only felt it when he’d been going on 48 hours without food. He had to sit down. He couldn’t look at John’s open innocent face anymore.
John frowned and stared at him with narrowed eyes. Sherlock looked away first, feeling slightly ashamed that John might know what he was going to do.
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “John, I presume you’ve met my brother.” They nodded at each other. Mycroft looked over and said “Hello, Victor.”
John looked at him hopefully. He smiled a bit and said, “Do you want me to say it first?”
Sherlock stopped him with a hand in his face. “Stop.”
John leaned forward, changing the angle. Sherlock gasped as the head of his hard cock pressed directly on his prostate. “John!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded.
“John, please. What have I done? Tell me so I can fix it,” he said, hearing his own desperate tone and feeling his eyes open wider.
Sherlock answered by lifting his head up to bring their lips together. They slid their tongues together with quick, repeated licks. John slowed the kiss, nipped on his upper lip, sucked his lower lip into his mouth and slowly licked it back and forth.
Sherlock retched and spit, squeezing his eyes shut against the stench. The man chuckled dangerously and rested the flat of the blade on Sherlock’s cheek. He moved his hips to nudge at Sherlock’s bum in a sickening threat.
They had decided after the first day not to be exclusive. The reality was that as much as Sherlock loved Victor he would never be able to commit, probably to anyone, ever. He couldn’t imagine dinners and dates and sharing an apartment. He was too self-involved, too focused on his work, too possessive of his personal space and time. Victor understood this about Sherlock and still loved him. He was more than happy to fuck Sherlock and whoever else came along that caught his eye.
John couldn’t say no. James was too fast, too much. One long look over tea and they knew. They walked briskly from the cafe to the hotel and fell into bed straight away. It was intense and glorious and hot as hell. James loved to envelop John from the front or behind. He wrapped his huge arms and legs around him, cradling John’s much smaller frame. John loved feeling covered, smothered, surrounded by James with his rock-hard thighs, forearms, abdomen, and enormous cock.
and Twitter at
“Sherlock, what? The fuck? Are you doing?” He sounded annoyed and slightly sleepy. Sherlock knew he wasn’t really angry.
Sherlock stilled, staring at John's stern face. He responded beautifully, quickly shedding the heavy coat and scrambling to stand as directed.
“He’s important to you.”
As calmly as he could manage, he said, “What’s going on? You’re hiding something. Everything. I know it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock, despite his position, scoffed. In retrospect, it probably wasn't the thing to do if self-preservation was his primary objective. But when was it ever?
He directed Jason and Claire into the small room to work their magic. They left the door open so John could hear the interactions between his team and his model. Everything was mostly agreeable and mostly quiet while they worked.
Sherlock looked at John’s sleeping face and imagined him coming into his bedroom and finding him asleep. He knew he must have been disappointed. After all, Sherlock had practically promised shagging. Sherlock wondered how long John’s phone call was. He hadn’t meant to fall asleep but he must have done so within minutes of lying down.
“I need to talk to you.”
John listened. The plan was solid and if they were really lucky they’d find Victor. John looked at Sherlock’s earnest, pleading face and said, “Let’s go to London.”
“You love it.”
Probably should post this on Chapter 1, but this fic is not brit-picked or beta'd. All errors are my own and I fucking like it that way ;)
Sherlock was fascinating. He was interesting, and interested in what John said. He asked the right questions, flirted shamelessly, and generally impressed the hell out of John. He was beautiful, brilliant, a bit on the young side. And he apparently wanted to shag John.
Feeling a bit chastened, he said, “I’m sorry, John.” He kept his hands over the marred skin of both entry and exit wound and kissed John’s lips.
It swirled and moved almost sensuously on Sherlock’s lean frame. John clicked and clicked trying to catch the drama of the his silhouette.
“I needed to think about him.”
) whenever he could get his attention. Which wasn’t very often. And when Greg started to ask if they could spend a bit more time together, Mycroft had balked and said they probably shouldn’t keep seeing each other. He was afraid Greg had become too attached. Greg was starting to fall in love, it was true. So he had gone along with it, they had parted on friendly terms. But Greg missed him, the big posh prat.
He hadn’t planned on ever telling him. It wasn’t relevant. It wasn’t like Sherlock was interested in John’s love life. He never bothered to keep track of John’s girlfriends’ names. The man himself certainly didn’t seem like he was interested in love for himself. He was terribly manipulative with women and never showed an inkling of attraction to any man.
John clicked as fast as he could trying to keep up with each microexpression. He didn't want to miss anything.
“C’mon, love.”
Sherlock visibly relaxed during John’s declarations of devotion and soothing chest-rubbing.
The realization kept him in bed for another two days. For those two days, he felt unbearably young and raw and cold and distant. He was sorry. He was beaten and he was dressed down and he was wrong and he was guilty. He was a child again.
John shook his head. “I don’t know, Sherlock. I’ll be back to get my things. I—I wish it weren’t like this. I wish I could help you.”
Truth be told, John had always been protective of his friend, but now he was going to keep an eye out. He wanted to help. He was Dr John Watson, Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. He made things right.
“And when you’re scared, even if it’s not the morning, text me or call me, okay?”
I take a piece of toast and rip a piece off, dipping it into my egg. I see John watching me, and I wish that I were not so difficult. I wish he felt comfortable approaching me. I wish he did not think that I don’t want his affection when I’m big.
Daddy made pancakes in the shape of Winnie the Pooh characters, because Pooh loves honey and so does Sherlock. Daddy gives Sherlock the honey, which is kept in a plastic bottle the shape of a bear. Sherlock drizzles his honey on his pancakes, making sure not to squish the bear too hard. He watches as the golden honey lands on his Pooh pancake. Pooh is happy because now he has honey! Sherlock smiles proudly. Daddy presses a kiss into his hair.
Daddy kisses his cheek and nuzzles his nose. “Now, who’s my best boy?”
It’s the case of a young girl around 8 years old named Matilda Rabbit, who emailed me about her father. She said that her father has been disappearing at strange times during the night and she only knows this because her family dog, Ezra, has been barking as her father leaves and returns.
I keep a spoon in my coat sometimes. I have it handy now. I dive into the ice cream. It’s not the same as full fat ice cream. It’s still good though. I hunch over, snug in my coat, and get to work.
Lestrade clutched his hand tightly, securely. Being touched was. It felt like. It felt like the first time someone had ever touched him. He felt like Lestrade was seeing right through him, was holding Sherlock’s naked, weary heart in his hands.
He was so alone.
It hurt.
“Well, what do you want, for, I dunno, for dinner?”
Sighing, John quietly slid out of bed, tucking the covers around Sherlock. He headed to the kitchen, taking note of the experiment Sherlock had left on the table, a notebook laying open to a page of notes scribbled in a spiky, hurried hand. John considered the notes, stroking the page. Sherlock was so smart, so exacting, so precise and clear-cut.
She takes what’s left. ½ of the ice cream. 2 donuts. A slice of cheesecake.
Ella waited.
Sherlock's POV
The tub is hard against my bottom—Daddy says it’s ‘cause I’ve got a boney bum… Daddy puts a bath pad down and it’s even nicer
“Good boy,” John whispers roughly again, thrusting his fingers carefully but firmly into Sherlock’s hole. “So good for me. I love you. I love your little hole. I love being careful with you. I love preparing you for me. I love taking care of you.”
If life felt like this, he didn’t want it. If the only thing he had—if the only conclusion he could come to—was guilt—he didn’t want to be alive, didn’t want to think, didn’t want his genius brain anymore. He grasped harder at the wires but his fingers only slipped.
He padded back out to the living room. Darkness pressed in on him. His arm ached. He could feel the air on his damp wounds. He flexed his fingers. He felt settled in his body, mindful. He wrapped one arm around himself, remembering John’s touch. He wanted John to hold him until he, Sherlock, was sure John would never let go. The thing was, he wasn’t certain if he would ever be sure that John wouldn’t go.
John turned to look at me. With soft eyes and a small smile he said, “Hello, Sherlock.” His voice was quiet and low.
John pulled his lips away but continued to swirl his tongue around the head, concentrating small sips and licks to his frenulum. He pulled back and said, “I’ve wanted you for so long.”
“Yes. Fuck. So good.” Shivers of pleasure rippled over John’s skin. Sherlock was very talented with his mouth and he thought he knew where it was headed. Anticipation grew in his belly, making his cock twitch.
John maneuvered them into the shower, Sherlock with his back facing the tap and John facing him. Sherlock leaned his forehead onto his shoulder. John’s heart surged with affection and he couldn’t help placing small kisses on his temple.
“Tell me,” he demanded.
“Oh, love. That's just beautiful.”
“Thank you,” he said very softly.
“Helicopter? What the fuck?”
High-caliber bullets hit closer and closer to where John was holed up in an unsecured building. American and British troops had increased their numbers on the ground over the past few months and there was an operation, led by the Afghans, to oust the Taliban from a nearby city stronghold.
John’s squawk of protest turned from “Hey!” to “Wha?” to “Oh fuck!” in the span of half a second. Impressively fast for his level of inebriation.
John was dazzled. He was intrigued. It was highly unusual that a Major in the British Army would seek out a journalist of any kind.
But when there was no case, they took advantage of the quiet and privacy. They learned after the first time that as long as they had whisky, biscuits, cheese, almonds, grapes, candles, and lube, they were in for a memorable night.
He heaved a huge pathetic sigh, hunched his shoulders even more so his tall frame was as ball-like as he could make it. He cradled his casted arm to his waist.
“You really should go,” Sherlock choked out, “I’ll only continue to hurt you. You don’t deserve it and I’ll keep hurting you. You should never have chosen me. This.” He waved his hand vaguely between them.
“Better living through chemistry, John.”
I looked down at the screen, face up on the floor next to me. Normally, I would delete a text that began with “Hi”. But because it was from John, I reached for it without thinking. Puzzling.
“Where are you going?” He started towards her.
The last time, he woke to find his hand in Sherlock’s hovering near those beautiful full lips. “Morning,” Sherlock said, voice deeper than usual from disuse. He turned John’s hand over and kissed his wrist with slow, long, dry kisses. His eyes were closed and John suspected he was taking his pulse with his mouth. He let him because nothing was more important than affirmation,
John loved feeling the warm splash of Sherlock’s come on his skin, marking him. Evidence of pleasure. Of maleness. His knees were starting to hurt and he thought that even though it was morning, maybe he’d like to go back to bed and sleep for a while. No one had ever done what Sherlock had done for him and he just wanted to bask in the memory of it a little while longer.
John finally told Sherlock the truth about James.
There's a bit of a cliff-hanger here that will be resolved in Chapter 7 -
“Can we stop talking about this please? It’s wearing thin.” He pulled the newspaper up to obscure his face from me. Or my face from him.
“John. Honestly,” Sherlock said disgustedly, punctuating the sentiment with a long, dramatic eye roll. “This is Mrs. Hudson, my landlady. Did you really think I’d still live with my mother?” He couldn’t help but huff and roll his eyes again. He nearly shivered at the thought of it. His mother was lovely, but he liked having the hundreds of kilometers in between them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not quite understanding feeling sentimental over shoes. But then John had kissed him thoroughly and Sherlock didn’t care anymore about socks or shoes or even time itself.
Victor’s eyes flew open and immediately found his. “Holmes? All right?” He crawled over to Sherlock.
John looked down at himself and smiled back at Sherlock. “So I am. Do you mind?”
“Nope.” He trailed his hands down John’s neck and shoulders to his biceps. He stared at the scar on his chest and brought his hand around to his shoulder blade to feel for the larger scar there. John tensed under his hands. “You don’t know how beautiful this is. It’s bravery and loyalty - ”
Greg sat at the table and looked around. The usual suspects were there, plus John and Sherlock. Those two had finally gotten their shit together and Greg, like everyone else, was relieved and pleased as punch for them.
They moaned together, then John whispered, “Your lips, my god, Sherlock.”
John could not believe how pompous and calm this man was when his brother had been kidnapped, held, and possibly assaulted. Somehow, the fact that he was so calm, reassured John in a strange way. Even this man would surely show some emotion if Sherlock had been hurt. “How is he?”
“A few days ago when we were in Soho at that posh restaurant.”
They stared at each other, eyes wide, as Sherlock stopped speaking in full sentences.
He was besotted. He’d never met anyone like her and he wanted to know more. They dated for a few months, the sex was amazing. She was up for anything. They had threesomes with both male and female partners. The first time John sucked a cock, she was there watching with hungry eyes, rubbing her clit with one hand and wanking John with the other. She moaned a litany of words, “So good, so perfect, your lips on his fat cock. Let it choke you. Gag you. Fuck yes. So good. Your first cock. Isn’t it amazing? You look amazing.” Their partner came down John’s throat and he came all over Mary’s hand. He was twenty-two and never wanted the feeling to end.
Sherlock turned and walked towards him, light behind him, erection bobbing in front of him. He stopped when the tip of his cock hit John’s hip, leaned around him, and kissed from his earlobe down his neck. John’s hands, clutching his camera, were trapped between them. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and nuzzled his neck, stopping to bite and suck little marks into his tanned skin. John moaned, “Yes.”
He wanted to watch Sherlock all the way through his climax. It would be beautiful and John wanted it badly. Sherlock was so beautiful when he was bared and vulnerable, when he was being taken apart.
John growled, “Fuck no, I want to taste you.”
John felt like he was telling someone else’s story. He felt detached but his nerves sang with tension - no doubt the trauma manifesting itself in his body. The e-mail, the deaths, the non-closure. He would never see James again. He’d never get to tell him how much he had meant to him and how sorry he was. He felt his chest tighten and stinging in his eyes. He looked at Sherlock with water welling in his eyes and nose and said, “He got me out. He saved my life.” He steadied his voice, “Never saw him again. Just got a short goodbye email and that was it.” He took a deep breath, “I must have loved him for how much I grieved the loss of him.”
“John!” his persistent erection said, as loudly as it could. It was more of a twitch than an exclamation, but no less raucous to Sherlock at that moment.
John rolled his eyes, “When did you eat last?”
He pushed away the unbidden thought and sipped.
Finally he turned a bit further and knew that John could see just how stimulated he was. John kept shooting, apparently mesmerized by the light and the scene in front of him. Sherlock saw the exact moment of recognition in John, of exactly what he was seeing. His hands faltered as he pulled the camera against his chest once more.
He watched John sleep, feeling so grateful that they had finally gotten to this place, the place he’d been wanting for years. Now that he was licenced to look and touch and taste, he decided that the current best use of his time would be to observe John.
“You’re perfect,” John said.
John blew out a breath and said, “I think there’s another. Jack Hamilton.”
“What?”
“No. Just you,” he replied. He let the towel drop to the floor and crawled under the duvet. He held it up behind him so John could climb in. Sherlock reached for John and pulled him until his chest was flush against his back. John reached his hand up to stroke along his hip and settle in the dip of his waist.
Sherlock crossed his arms over his pale chest and cocked one hip impatiently. He wasn’t tapping his toe, but John suspected that was going to start any second. John looked at him head to toe. The petulant look he wore was a hilarious contrast to his long, hard cock jutting from a neat nest of dark curls at what seemed to be a perfect 90 degree angle. John smiled at him, but instead of laughing at the ridiculous man, he said, “You are so fucking beautiful.”
“I like it, thank you.”
“You’re brilliant, an actual genius. I’ve already said this but you are strangely beautiful, stupidly graceful, and so fucking sexy.”
The couple sat down next to John and Sherlock, who promptly turned towards each other even more.
) pull out a narrow pair reading glasses, the kind you can buy at Boots, and put them on his perfect nose. His dark blue irises were slightly magnified, giving Sherlock that familiar flutter whenever he thought about the uniqueness of John’s eye color. He wondered how he could still be excited, still be thrilled actually, to be the recipient of his indigo gaze after all of these years.
Sherlock’s head snapped up and watched Mary Morstan deliver this line without looking at him. She sat down at her desk, and looked across the large office to where Sherlock sat. He awkwardly uncrossed his legs and wiped his hands on his knees.
The table had been cleared and cleaned enough to become a reasonably safe place to consume breakfast. John placed one of the plates in front of me. He sat across from me. We ate mostly in silence, which was somehow not awkward. I told him that I particularly liked the way he cooked the mushrooms and prepared the egg. He seemed pleased and said, “You’re welcome.”
“Go on then,” John said.
He knew it was petty, but he couldn’t help feeling elated after they dispatched John’s wife to a dank cell in the highest security prison in America.
Sherlock moaned, a long drawn out, “Yeesss.”
“I presumed she was willing and eager for sex.”
“Sherl -” he tried to say, but large hands to the back of his head made sure he could not lift his lips away to finish the second syllable.
“What?” Sherlock started to feel very self-conscious.
John rolled away but made no move to leave the bed.
Sherlock looked up at him with an expression John had never seen. His eyes were dark and his lips were parted and wet. His brows were slightly pushed up in the middle, not quite a furrow, but enough to look like he was pleading for something. He looked devastating. Devastated.
Greg swallowed, mouth suddenly dry. Mycroft tipped his head to the right, indicating that Greg should come join him in a quiet alcove near the end of the bar.
“I’m not sure that’s quite true, darling.”
“Wouldn’t you feel better knowing where John was right now? And when he’d be back? It’s common courtesy. Plus you go dashing about at all hours doing god knows what. It’s dangerous.”
John ignored his question and rolled his eyes.
“I don’t think that’s right,” John said, grabbing the tape measure. He looked at it for a long time, blinking and shaking his head as if to clear it. Then he started to chuckle. The chuckles soon turned into giggles, then on to loud snorts and guffaws.
Sherlock smirked as if to say
Sherlock smiled softly, with that open, pleased expression that John came to associate with every quiet moment they shared. “What can I do for you?”
Once the cocaine high wore off he was left with a bit of body dysmorphia from the ketamine. He could handle that, it was the hallucinations that were most unnerving. They were getting more vivid and it was harder for him to be sure of what was real. Blurry vision. Were his eyelashes moving? They undulated like wheat fields in a strong breeze. His shoulder and neck hurt from lying on his side on the ground.
he asked, as Sherlock drifted towards the bedroom. It was any normal person’s bedtime, but John knew something was wrong. He found Sherlock sitting on the bed shaking. John pulled and prodded him so that he could be undressed, then laid him down, slotting himself forward, chest to chest. He hugged him and ran his hand up and down his flanks, avoiding his scars.
I saw hurt and shame reflected back at me. I had to get out of there. I didn’t know what was happening to me. Why would this man evoke such emotion? I certainly had not authorized my transport to sputter, harden, and become feverish.
John kissed him, then licked right where shoulder meets pectoral, just near the soft hair under his arms. Sherlock softly groaned.
“Me. I have excellent ideas.”
Sherlock blew out a breath, folded his legs to sit cross-legged, then stood without using his hands. He sat back into his own chair, looked at John, and took a breath to speak.
“Oh fuck,” John said from above, watching. He didn’t even blink.
Sherlock was still holding his coat, so he hung it up in the small room after closing the door. He retrieved the little snuff bullet, turned the stopcock, and lifted it to his nose. He hesitated. Just for a second. Then he huffed out a breath, rolled his eyes, and inhaled the powder sharply.
“Yes, it’s a start for my deductions.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide open, his bottom lip jutting out slightly. He looked exhausted, but sincere. John nodded.
“Of course, John. You have a spectacular arse.”
“Cheers,” John said, and raised his glass to Sherlock.
Then one evening, he was in Egypt following one of Moriarty’s clients who was the head of a kidnapping and sex slave operation. Another spider, not at the center of the web like Moriarty, but at the end of one thread. He was going to bring that fucker down if it was the last thing he did. His life was always in danger when he was away, but this particular spider was sneaky and smart. Sherlock lived in the shadows watching, trying to figure out the spider’s next move. He was not famous there. He could blend in and just watch. He sipped hot tea and watched a woman whom he thought was the spider’s next contact. She was physically beautiful, he supposed, but what she was doing – Selling people. Women.
It really was a bit like a pirouette on the dance floor. Maybe he could do a double. Sherlock lost himself in the challenge of staying upright and avoiding dizziness. About a quarter of an hour later, his mind wandered to John, as it often did. He wondered if he could get John to go dancing with him sometime. Or maybe he could just bring John out here right now and spin him around a bit. He would probably giggle and flail and he could steady him with his arms around his waist.
Sherlock relaxed against him, sprawled half on top, breathing heavy but slower.
Jack watched John’s tongue. “No, no one,” he said, looking up, “It’s just me an’ me new modeling mates.” He rolled his eyes at the word ‘mates’. Clearly Jack didn’t have great affection for his fellow models. Probably especially the obnoxious James, he thought.
“Sherlock?” John said softly. His hand reached out to touch mine on the table. Startled, I snatched back my hand. My whole body flooded with the desire to flee. I stood with my back to him and put on my coat. John looked confused.
“No,” he said. He looked down at his hands, “I’m not the easiest man to be with.”
“You...I had to watch that fucking arsehole McGregor...fucking McGregor…,” he stumbled over his words and shook his head, seemingly lost in his anger. He released Sherlock and spun him around, slamming his back against the door. He squeezed his shoulders, holding him in place.
“Come here.”
Seb seemed to sense something was wrong and said, “Everything all right?”
“I’ll be there the whole time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“John Watson, this is Victor Trevor.”
Sherlock laughed, “Eager to rid me of this disguise?”
“No. Sorry, I’m a bit on edge, I suppose.”
“You knowing everything about me just by looking.” He lifted his hand to massage the back of his neck and looked down at the floor.
John worked on the guilt he felt. They still waited for word of Jack. John told Sherlock he’d accepted that he’d never see Jack again, but Sherlock knew he was just trying to talk himself into acceptance. Sherlock tried to reassure him and tell him he was the best person he’d ever known as often as possible.
“And the agency is Agra.”
John was looking up and down his body, his gaze coming to rest on his trousers and the impressive bulge they didn’t do much to hide.
John chuckled. “I don’t know how I missed all of that. You’re right. None of that seems particularly comfortable,” he said, “Although the kitchen table…” He looked away wistfully and smirked.
John pulled him into a tight hug, “All right love, whatever you want.”
Mary got a job at a mid-level modeling agency in Fitzrovia named Agra. Very soon she worked her way up from receptionist to Vice President. It was fast and unexpected and more than a bit suspicious.
He wondered why they were letting him see his location? Why had they taken off his ankle restraints? They must be exceedingly confident that they were going to get away with this kidnapping and whatever transaction they had in store for him.
John was very distracted, however, by what Sherlock was wearing. Or not wearing, as was the case. Sherlock wore an over-large black woolen cap, slouched over his ears like a California skateboarder, leaving just the ends of his curls to twist around the edges. He wore a sleeveless, cropped, mesh t-shirt, black leather Doc Marten boots, and even less explainable than the rest of his ‘outfit’, were bright orange industrial rubber gloves.
“Florida.”
Thanks to the caretaker, Mr. Moore, accessing the room was simple. I removed the key from the inner cuff lining of the Belstaff and fit it easily into the lock. Engulfed in darkness and familiarity, the task at hand, however uncomfortable, was to think. Think seriously about what my transport was telling me.
, and includes words lifted from John's blog post of the same name.
“Um. Well. I wondered about you too. With my superior power of observation, I am not surprised about your appearance…nude. While flaccid, I mean.” Sherlock couldn’t believe he was admitting this to John. To naked John. In his bed. “I mean, those white seersucker pants you wore last summer with the black polo shirt? It was enlightening,” he said with a wistful look on his face. “Unlike my trousers which are tailored to be loose fitting in that area, those white pants left little to the imagination. You didn’t have to be the world’s only consulting detective to see exactly what was going on. Down there.”
Graham smiled coquettishly and said, “Nice book,” as he handed it back to Sherlock. The phrase sounded a lot more sexual than it should. Sherlock just scowled and took it from him.
He knew the decomposition rate of human flesh in the deserts of the American west (slow) and in the rainforests of Belize (fast). He knew the mean length of the world’s largest bee (400 mm) and the mean length of the world’s smallest frog (7 mm). He knew daily high and low tides for the Thames through October of 2018. He knew that John loves biscuits and tea.
“You make no sense.” Sherlock tried to maintain his normal air of superiority but for some reason he started giggling once he realized what he said. “You make sense. You, as a person, John Watson, are sensible. But…” Sherlock completely lost his train of thought and simply swayed on his feet staring at John.
“And then I fucked into his perfect tight arse until...I...you...you’re gonna make me come Holmes...I’m gonna...come…”
Sherlock blinked and stared at John’s face, but he could tell he wasn’t really seeing. It was getting a bit scary.
“The experiment, John. Turn around.”
He told Sherlock about Jack and what he was like. He told him about their conversation and their kiss. He told him that his disappearance was a catalyst for his and Mary’s breakup. He told him how she basically became a ghost to him and he’d reacted by taking work in some of the most dangerous places on earth.
Sherlock opened his mouth, leaving John’s cock on his tongue.
Sherlock looked at his beautiful friend. There was only one answer to that. He said, “All right.”
They each took a deep breath and spoke at the exact same time.
At that exact second, Sherlock’s orgasm positively vibrated through his frame, contracting his stomach, leg, and arse muscles in rhythmic twitches as his cock spurted between them. He’d never felt anything like it. John’s thrusts grew shallower, but faster, barely nudging his prostate as his orgasm continued longer than Sherlock expected from past experiences. He heard himself moaning, and shouting, “Oh! Oh! Ah!”
John smiled and shook his head.
“I know,” he groaned as John lowered his lips to his cock again. “Fuck.”
Sherlock moaned, imagining slender fingers thrusting into a perfect tight hole. He thrust his cock harder against the mattress.
“John,” he said, voice completely broken and desperate.
“Sher...Sherlock...my god.”
“This is John Watson,” Greg replied for him, “A friend of Sherlock’s.”
“Dick,” he said softly. “I was at the pub next door.”
John was not actually angry, he could tell.
Sherlock came back to the table with his own brewed coffee. “Hello.”
The feed went silent. Nothing would be recorded from a discarded belt left in an abandoned room.
on Tumblr.
“Oh my god, you’re going to have to stop.”
“You were mostly correct.”
Sherlock knew what he wanted and pushed John back on the bed, immediately draping himself over John. Sherlock worked his way down John’s body, kissing neck, clavicle, right pectoral, stopping to pay special attention to John’s sensitive nipple.
He knew he could never tell John what he’d done. After Baskerville, John would be furious that he’d done it again. His appeals to the importance of his research to science would not be well received. But he could keep a secret and lie as well as a Shakespearean actor. Besides, the most important piece of data he’d collected so far was that John wanted him. Starting tomorrow, he had some new goals.
Mycroft must be someone very powerful, but John grew tired of this briefing. He asked, “Where is Sherlock?”
“Yes.” John’s tone sounded like he would if he was speaking to a client, or Mycroft. There was no intimacy, no private affection in his voice.
“By what?” John bit his bottom lip as he tried to suppress a grin. His chin was dipped slightly down, so he was looking up at Sherlock through his lashes, eyes so blue in the morning sunlight. His stomach flipped.
They met at a flat in Brooklyn. It was small but with gorgeous light and an exposed brick wall. When Billy showed up John’s brain supplied,
) for the room arrangements, happy to be with Noah, hoping Sherlock was well - he replied with a ‘thumbs up’ emoji, and threw his phone down on the sofa.
Sherlock slumped over and buried his face into John’s neck, inhaling the scent of him. He floated blissfully in a gorgeous cocktail of hormones and John.
A cab pulled up but Sherlock didn’t move. His eyebrows drew together and he stared at John, looking confused and hurt.
Sherlock turned to lean in close. He stared at John, his silver eyes boring into him. John saw determination, satisfaction, a bit of amusement, and a lot of heat. John thought
“I don’t want you to be angry if it makes you unhappy, but…”
Standing in front of a wall of gorgeously luminescent jars was John, in his jeans and Haversack, looking about as confused as Sherlock had been a few minutes previous.
“Two weeks.”
Victor stood and paced the room. He turned to Sherlock and opened his mouth as if he was about to say something when they heard it. A muffled but unmistakable bang came from somewhere on the other end of the building.
He dove down again and took Victor’s cock between his lips. He pushed down until he couldn’t breathe. He suppressed his gag reflex and held Victor’s cock in his throat for as long as he could. He pulled off with a gasp, saliva dripping down the shaft and all over his chin. He said, “That’s so fucking hot. More.”
John panted a string of encouragements, “Yes, yes. Oh god. You’re brilliant. I love you.”
Sherlock frowned and shrugged, “All it took was a little flirting.”
The tension was unbearable. Sherlock couldn’t stand it anymore. He walked over to John and draped himself all along his back. John sighed and continued to stir.
Skin. Sweat. Bliss. Blue eyes and clever ideas.
Out of habit, trying to maintain some thread of who he thought he was, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the endearment.
“Yep.”
“Dick.”
Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were watery, his lip quivered and he looked absolutely terrified.
To Sherlock, it sounded like a perfectly planned waste of time.
Sherlock responded by squeezing him tighter and burying his nose in his neck. John pushed back into his warm body. Both of them jolted when the movement slipped the head of Sherlock’s very hard cock in between John’s arse cheeks. Sherlock moaned and thrust forward slightly, causing his shaft to slide along John’s sensitive flesh.
John crawled over him, between Sherlock’s spread legs. He fluffed up the pillow underneath his head, “Comfortable?”
“Okay, that’s getting a bit scary now.” Given the circumstances, he resisted his urge to call him ‘love’.
They shifted around and sat up against the headboard. John tucked pillows behind Sherlock’s neck and shoulders then twisted to get the water glass. Sherlock held it with both hands and drank almost all of it before handing it back to John.
John followed after Sherlock but was having a hell of a time keeping up with the long-legged prat. Usually he didn’t have this much trouble, but after a bottle and a half of cabernet his legs were not cooperating.
Greg nodded his head towards the exit of the building. “They’ll brief us out there.”
Sherlock was smirking at him when he finally looked back. “Must have been good tea.”
Sherlock looked around at Billy and the others watching them and said, “John, I’d really rather not talk about Milan.”
Only a little after sunset, John had said, yawning, “I know it’s early but I’m for bed, I think.” He stretched his arms above his head and scrunched his whole face together in a grimace as his spine cracked.
So as to not stare at her, he looked around the café. A man caught his eye. He reminded him of John and his stomach did a little flip. It couldn’t be. He just looked a bit like John. His hair was too dark. But his body was compact and strong like John’s. The man’s stance was familiar, achingly so. Standing sturdy on both feet with arms straight down by his sides, fists clenching on and off. He was waiting for someone. Sherlock looked back at the woman who was still alone and casually smoking a cigarette, the soft glow of her phone lighting up her face. Then he looked back at Not-John, who was now clearly trying to suppress a goofy grin as he looked down the street towards someone walking towards him. A man, taller than Not-John and with floppy blonde hair wearing a long black cotton twill coat, was striding on long legs up the street with purpose. The blonde man was grinning widely and when Sherlock looked back, Not-John’s face had given up its futile fight and was grinning widely back. They practically collided and embraced tightly. They held each other very, very briefly as they pulled back and looked into each others eyes with happy dopey smiles on their faces. Sherlock could see the blonde man say “All right?” and Not-John replied “Yeah, all right.” They then separated and maintained a distance between them that was acceptable for two men in this particular part of the world.
That was the trouble with this position. Everyone’s mouth was busy so verbal communication stopped the action. “Good. I’ve got you. Keep going, and I’ll keep going.”
When they were seventeen, Sherlock was obsessed with forensic chemistry and was working his way quickly through his thesis. During a particularly warm spring day, they studied together on on the lawn in Kensington Gardens. Victor wore ridiculously small black shorts and an oversized t-shirt. Sherlock rolled his eyes and said, “Trev, do you think your shorts could be any tighter?” To which Victor replied, “They could but I don’t want to squash little Vic. He looks better this way.”
John dropped his paper and glared at me. “What do you see, exactly?”
“Hmm,” hummed John. Sherlock knew that hum. It meant that John thought what Sherlock had said was extremely interesting but he was trying act like it wasn't. Sherlock knew they would be revisiting this topic again.
“Hmmm,” he says, distracted, still looking out the window.
John took his hand, kissed it, and said “You’re gorgeous when you pout, especially with that lip gloss.”
Sherlock’s brain went offline. He could not think of anything but the sensations of John controlling his body and his pleasure. John’s cock filling him perfectly, nudging his prostate on every stroke. Tingles sparking low in his belly. The tightening of his balls in anticipation of ejaculation. The singing sting of his scalp. The firm grip on his neck. It was finally too much. The sensations coalesced and he completely lost control of his mind and body. It was heaven.
Greg pulled his eyebrows together, “You recognize him?”
“It’s not like it was. He was there one minute and gone forever the next. I felt like I needed to feel the end longer, does that make sense? But it’s been a while and it’s gotten better with time. My career is totally different now. My life is different.” He pulled Sherlock’s hand to his lips so he could kiss his fingers.
He reached down and pulled John's jumper off in one quick motion.
John said, “Okay. Everything is fine, love.”
on Tumblr.
Sherlock pushed back to sit on his heels. He swiped at his lips, licked his fingertips, and hummed.
“Love?”
This was his last thought before he was slammed up against the door.
“Honk, honk!” This one only took one arm, but suddenly there was a goose on the wall.
John smiled as he watched Sherlock stammer over what to call his former bedroom.
Sherlock swooped down to press his lips to John’s, apparently ready to move on from finger joints.
Sherlock stared at John as if he was the most boring person on the planet. “No. And yes.”
“Fuck.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up and his mouth opened, about to voice his surprise.
He made such desperate moans, groans, and tiny squeaks. Sherlock loved to tease and bring him right to the edge. Victor cursed and muttered every time he’d pull off. Sherlock looked at him and winked.
“Definitely missing it.”
“Do you do it with other people?”
“I’ll tell you.”
This confused John, but he assumed it was something long-born between the brothers.
John looked at him, stunned. “You looked me up.”
He decided not to listen to the location scout and go with his own idea. He liked to work a certain way, and he didn’t want to change now.
John pushed a bit of Jack’s fringe from his forehead. It was an excuse to touch him again. “Well, I do.”
John said, “Sorry, nevermind. I’m sure you’re more than capable…” he trailed off. “Okay, let’s go, I’m sure I’ll get the best shot in the next thirty seconds.”
“Oh my god,” he moaned as he watched Sherlock suck hard on the tip of his cock. John barely registered Sherlock removing his left sock because of the gorgeous strong suction to his crown. “Sher - oh fuck.”.
John was losing his vision in the way of old men. He couldn’t see the menu. He couldn’t read the newspaper. He couldn’t read the fine print on the honey he wanted to buy for Sherlock.
“It’s been a hard month, hasn’t it,” John whispered. He stroked his sweet Sherlock’s back.
John came home. John found Sherlock with forty pills in his palm. John watched Sherlock’s hand pulse once as if he were going to try to put them in his mouth before John could stop him. John took the pills out of his hand.
John paused. “Hey, can I stay at your place for a couple of days?”
“So, I guess you must be pretty hungry, right?” Lestrade said. “What do you want to eat? I bet you don’t want anything from the cafeteria here.”
Sherlock laughed. “Thank you,” he whispered. “For, you know.”
Sherlock struggled with cracking open a pistachio. “It’s going to make my stomach extend,” he whispered frantically, “I can’t chew it. I can’t digest it. My stomach already feels large. It’s huge.”
John exhaled. “Look, this isn’t about me. I just want to know how I can help him.”
Lestrade bit his lip. “Look, I don’t know, I haven’t heard anything about it. But… you’ll have to decide, Sunshine. I can help you if you want.”
Sherlock giggles. “No, Daddy… I want the honey!”
Sherlock turned his head away from Lestrade. Suddenly the DI didn’t seem as nice as usual. He’d latched onto Lestrade all those years ago not just because of the cases he offered, but because he’d desperately needed someone to be nice to him. Had clung to the kindness that Lestrade embodied. But this now felt like betrayal. But… what could he expect? The way he kept on… no one, not even John knew of his affection and regard towards the doctor. Shame flooded him.
Sherlock was so strong, even if he was broken. Maybe John couldn’t help him. John didn’t know how to help. He could go back to Baker Street, but that would be lunacy. He could try to help Sherlock, but maybe Sherlock didn’t need help. Maybe Sherlock didn’t need him. Maybe Sherlock thought he was a hindrance.
I was inured to these remarks. I let them wash over me and pretended not to hear. I even pretended to fall asleep. I listened to them leave and knew that if I didn’t try to keep in contact, we would never speak again. And that’s what happened.
“He’s passed out, he’s passed out…”
His stomach ached but he forced himself to eat it all. He sat there, stomach aching with fullness and picked his forming scabs off. It took force. There was blood under his nails. He stared at the peeling walls. He was safe. He stayed there till he didn’t remember anything, didn’t think or feel, wasn’t anywhere in particular.
Daddy plants a big kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “Do you want toast? Eggs?”
Then a hand cupped his cheek. “Hey,” John said softly, “it’s okay. I’m going to clean you up and then put some bandages on. Does that sound alright to you?”
“What will her party be like?”
Hi everyone. It feels odd coming here and talking about stuff that doesn’t relate to Sherlock. But anyway, I just wanted to say that I might not update so frequently since I’m living with my sister at the moment. It feels odd, I know, to be posting this here like some sort of formal announcement. Like it’s really the end of something. But I swear it’s not. I just… I guess it just felt right to write something here.
“So, how can I help you?”
“Uh, may—maybe,” Sherlock says. Daddy huffs a smile and presses a kiss into Sherlock’s curls.
I brush my teeth. I try not to look in the mirror, because I am afraid I will see my distended stomach and chubby cheeks. Tomorrow I will be a few pounds heavier. So tomorrow I won’t eat.
“Yes,” Sherlock huffed. “Plus the butter and the honey you slathered all over them! Those pancakes must have been a thousand calories!”
Sherlock
He should have known better than to try.
Daddy smiles gently. “Because Daddy loves you. You are the most important thing in the world to Daddy, and I will protect you, keep you safe, and love you forever.”
Lestrade turned. “Ah, bollocks,” he said. “Donovan, bring Mrs Talbot back in for interrogation and we’ll take it from there. Anderson, get forensics to confirm Mrs Talbot did it.” Anderson sneered something that Sherlock ignored. Doubtless it was something predictable like
