“Fine, medical then. Doctor me,” Sherlock gestured between them, “I have a genuine medical emergency and need you to show me how to remedy it.”
“Why do people keep saying that?” Watson asks, a flush rising on his cheeks born of the implication of the words.
Enough time elapses in silence where John is beginning to think he’s given up or finally drifted off to sleep.
Mary’s focus transfers from Sherlock to John, though her gun stays trained steadily on the former. Sherlock longs to jump up and steal the gun from her hand, but he knows she would shoot him before he had the chance, so he instead waits for the right moment.
Sherlock flushes in embarrassment, “I’ll replace it with a proper ring, of course, but this was the only one I had lying about, and anyway, penguins mate for life, you know...”
“Here,” Sherlock answered for him, scooching over to his left and leaving plenty of room for John on the right side of the bed. When John gave him an inquisitive look, Sherlock merely shrugged and explained, “It’s your prefered side of the bed.”
“Then hurry up!” Sherlock hissed, covering his face with his hands, “The anticipation is killing me.”
I relax and smile in return, “I know precisely what you need,” I say before guiding you up and leading you by the hand to my bedroom.
“No. This is Mummy’s house,” Sherlock responded, but John could see the strain slowly building once more.
Sherlock and John undo the cuffs once Kitty arrives home and begin to question her. While they’re talking, Moriarty enters the flat with groceries, claiming to be Richard Brook. It’s brilliant, really: the history that Moriarty was able to create in two months’ time. Brook has a TV show, his demeanor is completely different, and he’s even right handed, for crying out loud! Sherlock is enraged by the deceit happening, realizing how convincing this will be for the world as a whole and knows something needs to change. John is incensed by the changes for the same reason, not because it causes him to start to doubt.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, feeling the urge to touch the door in an attempt to get closer to John without actually allowing the doctor to know he was there.
“Not at all!” Mr. Holmes scoffed, pulling out the albums and moving to John's side on the other sofa. After sitting down, the older Holmes began pulling out photos and smiling, handing a few to John, “Oh look, there he is in the orchard! He was picking apples with Mrs. Henson, can you remember?”
Sherlock is attempting to figure out how to get in to the safe, what the code might be, when the Americans enter the room and force John and Irene to the floor by gunpoint. The lead gunman tells Sherlock to open the safe, but he is insistent that he doesn’t know the code. He’s calm as he’s ever been until the gunman on John is told to shoot him on the count of three, then the panic sets in.
“Are they really cataloguing each book by hand?” Watson asks a bit later as Sherlock and John begin going through the book collections of Van Coon and Lukis.
“Look! Sherlock leaves body parts in the fridge, as well!” He points out excitedly, as though this vindicates his own actions.
Sherlock places his hands in the air placatingly. John can see them shaking slightly, but he knows the other man is in control. John wills himself to remain calm and to
John looks himself in the mirror one last time, self-consciously smoothing his jumper down over his less-than-defined stomach before scoffing at himself. It’s not like the other army boys are going to look as they did last they saw each other, either.
Watson takes secret enjoyment from this outburst, seeing as how Holmes typically belittles any title he gives their case write-ups.
“Oh please, you’re clean. You’re a doctor and a regular attendee at the sexual health clinic,” Sherlock scoffed before gesturing absently.
On the other side, John was close. The desperate need to come was so intense that he could almost taste it against his tongue as he twisted his hand around the tip, smearing the precome with his thumb while he touched and circled around his frenulum.
By the time John enters his friend’s room, Sherlock is under the covers on the side furthest from the door, messing around on his phone. Sherlock pretends not to take notice of the other man joining him on the bed, and John tries not to blush at the odd feeling of domesticity.
John, seemingly giving the middle finger as he puts his glove on to examine the undescended testicle of a patient.
“Lucky John! It is a bit comforting for me to know that it’s not just me who puts up with the Crazy Holmes genes in any dimension; your mind is a universal John Watson issue,” he jokes lightly to which Holmes merely glares, then continues a few second later, “Do
“I had lodgings,” Sherlock answered, avoiding the topic before giving the briefest smile when he saw his mother, who had come to greet the car. John looked over at the woman, a short, stout, but kind looking woman with a bob of silver hair and the sparkling eyes of a mother excited to see her youngest child after a long absence.
Greg shows up, politely asking Sherlock to report to the station with him for questioning. He refuses, explaining that he will not play Moriarty’s game (for once). They leave, Sherlock and John discussing, once more, about caring for the public perception of Sherlock. Sherlock doesn’t care what anyone thinks until he thinks that John is beginning to doubt him himself. That, apparently, is too much.
“John clearly thinks Sherlock puts puzzles before people,” Holmes states, “Is that how you feel, as well?”
“Sorry about that,” Watson apologizes for the both of them before standing to retrieve their phones from their respective bedrooms. When he reenters, Holmes is nearly done efficiently (read: quickly and impatiently) explaining about the DVDs.
John fights more tears, but this time for Sherlock instead of himself. He flips through the book to see how many statements there are and finds that nearly every page is full. There are no dates on any of the pages, but John is certain he can place most of them regardless.
His tirade is cut off suddenly by Holmes’ lips covering his own, his hands framing his face tenderly. Watson melts in to the kiss, unaware how much he
John eyes him curiously, as though trying to judge if he’s serious or not, “Disappointed? Of course I’m not
Mycroft explains the West case, Holmes and Watson watch in amusement as John and Sherlock undermine him in the smallest of ways to annoy him, and they head out to a case with Greg which is familiar to them.
Mrs. Hudson comes in and suffers Sherlock’s demands, as well. She refuses to tell him where his cigarettes are so he begins to deduce her recent activities, which sets her in to an embarrassed huff before she storms out. John attempts to stop him a couple of times throughout the tirade, but to no avail.
certainly different,” Holmes points out, chest aching for Sherlock, knowing how foolish Sherlock's feelings for John seem with this new information brought to light.
Just as John is about to fall back to sleep due to the prolonged silence from the other man, Sherlock speaks up once more.
“Presumably Moriarty was behind all of these cases prior to his demise; he wouldn’t have any reason to record anything that he wasn’t directly behind.”
“I…yeah,” he admits, “I still don’t understand what this is. Is it a documentary of sorts? Is this based off my blog?”
“And you have done quite well for yourself now, my love,” Mrs. Holmes soothed, “Consulting Detective, on the telly and in the papers.”
Back at the flat, after the murderer had been caught and arrested, John made tea and handed it to Sherlock who was clicking around on his laptop, occasionally humming, frowning, or grimacing at whatever he had found.
no life worth living without him, so he needs to stop acting the hero! No more running away, no more sacrificing yourself for me, no more being noble because you aren’t noble with anyone else so why when it comes to me, you arse…”
John’s arms reflexively pull him closer for a moment as a wave of protectiveness and love sweep through his body. He steps back and grabs Sherlock’s right hand in his left and smiles at the rest of the patrons as they pass, proud to finally have this man as his.
John smirked, lifting away from him. Two could play this game, “Well, if you’re not really interested…” he trailed off as he moved to vacate the bed, leaving the other man bereft. He was unsurprised to feel Sherlock pulling him back down, but he
“Not to me,” Sherlock had admitted with a grimace, pulling that face that showed he was genuinely frustrated at the gap in his knowledge.
Sliding his hands up John’s body, Sherlock pulls off the jumper and lets it fall to the side. Normally John would wear a vest, but there had been a recent issue with them (namely Sherlock melting them for an experiment on various textiles. He’s promised to replace them, however, now he’s not so sure that he wants him to) which has forced John to be bare under the jumper. The cold air immediately hits John and causes him to shiver and his nipples to pucker into erect nubs which Sherlock desperately wants to taste; he wants to suck and lick and
As Sherlock softly plays soothing melodies that he knows John likes, he continues to watch his face to judge how it is affecting John’s sleep pattern.
John chuckles, “Yes, Sherlock. And I’ll even sweeten the deal by agreeing to whatever experiment you’re working out in your head if you just, please, let me get a few more hours of sleep.”
Jump to the next morning with Sherlock back on the lookout rock, staring down Baskerville. Suddenly he’s bursting in to Henry’s house, offering to make him some coffee. Henry confronts him about lying about seeing the hound and Sherlock gets in to a debate with him about the semantics of his description. Sherlock leaves abruptly.
The intercom clicks off and John sighs heavily as he pushes himself up from his desk, straightening the papers before closing the file he was attempting to work on. John grabs the file for Landingham off the front desk and calls out for her. What he sees when he finally looks up from the file in his hands nearly makes him gasp aloud.
“And then the one glistening tear,” Holmes says with pride, as though he just watched himself score a goal in football.
He’s been working on a potion for the last couple of months that combines amortentia and veritaserum. The main goal of the mixture is to aid those in honestly finding their true love versus creating false feelings. The amortentia will help the user to discover those smells associated with the one they love, and the veritaserum will force them to be truthful about it.
He still looks uncertain about whether he should believe Sherlock or not, but he agrees hesitantly anyway, “Alright then.”
“Where would I go?” John asked in confusion before realising that Sherlock meant the eye contact that they were making. John made a concentrated effort to keep his eyes on Sherlock alone, opening his expression so that Sherlock could see his true feelings.
“That was asparagus,” John corrects with a small smile, having taken the time after he mentioned it in his best man speech to figure out what he had actually been talking about. How he didn’t understand what that meant for his priority of Sherlock over Mary, he can’t say. Denial, probably.
There’s no answer for it, so they simply watch in rapt trepidation, no words exchanged for many minutes.
The first emotion that registers with Sherlock is a deep, aching sadness. The fact that his friend is going through such a terrible and isolating situation causes his right fingers to rest at an angle over his mouth as he fights a look of despair.
“Sherlock is a bit of an actor, just like you,” Watson laughs at Sherlock’s sudden change in demeanor as he talks himself in to the building via a neighbor to the victim.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock says slowly, his hand slipping from John’s thigh from mere lack of control; his arm just loosens and the contact breaks. John takes it as a heartbreakingly bad sign, “You who have known him assume we’re together, but John’s always touting vehemently about how he’s not gay.”
Sherlock, once in his room, placed his tea on his bedside table and fell face-first onto his bed. He groaned lowly, but was careful to keep it quiet so that John didn’t hear. That invitation was an abomination, and all of his carefully repressed memories from that point in his life were quickly flooding back in.
be crossed...some things that would go too far for John to forget and go back to normal. Because that’s what he feared the most: that Sherlock would want to go back to the way they were before and John wouldn’t be able to forget, to move on.
Up in 221B, Sherlock and John are playing The Rizla Game: John has “Madonna” on his forehead and Sherlock has “Sherlock Holmes” on his own.
Sherlock, John, and Mary follow Sholto to his room where Sherlock shouts through the door that he’s not safe in there. Sherlock doesn’t know how the killer does it, but Sholto demands that he figure it out before he’ll open the door.
“John!” Sherlock moaned aloud as his hands moved to grasp John’s biceps and their bodies moved together of their own accord, clothed erections meeting with too little friction.
Sherlock finally exits the bathroom and comes to the living room, “It’s not like they’re the originals; they’re not completely inept.”
Sherlock was lying on his bed, attempting to read when the soft knock came on his bedroom door. Checking he was decent, Sherlock called out permission to enter and smiled when John stood awkwardly in the doorway, wrapped in his dressing gown and pyjamas.
John feels Sherlock tense and he slows his mouth; he’s not sure if Sherlock likes this or not, and the detective is probably too embarrassed to say anything. Pulling off with a wet pop, John wipes his spit-slicked lips and looks down at Sherlock, their massively dilated pupils meeting before Sherlock looks away embarrassed, “You okay?”
Mrs. Holmes tapped Sherlock on the hip and tutted, “Uncle Rudy was a lovely man. He always bought you thoughtful gifts.”
Sherlock removed his hands to glare down at John, hating that he was being made to put voice to the reason, “I know it’s not
“This isn’t exactly the surgery!” He snapped, eyes challenging him back before he realised the picture that they made at the moment: two grown, mostly-naked men talking about how to wank properly.
It was definitely an odd challenge for me (much like the first part, actually), but I hope you can enjoy it.
John huffed, rolling his eyes and settling back in the seat. The rest of the journey was tense with an awkward silence until the car rolled around a small bend in the road and onto a private, winding driveway.
Sherlock moans as John undulates above him, still too far away to actually feel him beyond the hands that grip his tightly. John throws his head back and bites his lower lip, possibly trying to control himself, though it seems impossible at the moment.
What must be the next day, Mycroft is reading a newspaper in The Diogenes Club that proclaims his brother’s death. He sets it down and places his hands to his lips, just as Sherlock tends to do when in thought.
Holmes gets that rare look of regret in his eyes as he looks over at his friend, “No,” he says gently, “she wasn’t like that. She never tried to get involved with our work and never stopped you from coming when I called. I very much appreciated her for that.”
“Jesus Christ, are you telling me Sherlock and John went in to Baskerville to deal with the glowing rabbit?!” Watson sounds offended at the notion.
The bell rings, heralding Henry’s arrival to discuss the so-called gigantic hound. He shows Sherlock and John a documentary in lieu of explaining it himself at first, but Sherlock pauses it and demands that he explains in his own words.
feeling in his gut that he knew whose breath that was. Reluctantly, he opened his eyes and turned to find John nearly at his side; he hadn’t even heard him return.
“You’re worried about ruining a friendship and a business relationship; I get it. But, Johnny...your guys’ mutual chemistry is off the charts. You are both so ridiculously fond of each other it’s sickening,” he jokes with a bit of smile to lighten the mood, “And honestly? I think you’re a fool if, at our age, you’re letting some stupid fear like that keep you from possibly being happy.”
is a very broad spectrum. Care to narrow it down a little for me? You had mentioned wanting to -- erm -- watch.”
“How minor?” Sherlock Holmes did not fit in the same realm as ordinary people. John didn’t want to consider what classed as minor in the detectives’ dictionary.
"You don't even know half of the things I've done over these past two years." Sherlock scoffed, though the sound is heartless, and holds little scorn.
The phone audibly clicked against Sherlock's ear. His hands were shaking, almost too weak to hold the device up. He heard an angry - scratch that - furious - sigh. John.
Now John and Sherlock stood side by side once more, leaning against an old brick wall in an empty alley way. Neither had anywhere to go anymore.
It had been barely a week since he'd revealed to the world that he was alive and kicking. He'd outwitted the nation, as well as Moriarty, into thinking that he'd committed suicide. The wool had been pulled from the world's eyes and the lie had been uncovered. The terrible lie. He did not care what the papers said about him, nor was he affected by the way the media had suddenly turned in his favour (Mycroft probably had a fair bit to do with that.)
Dressing up with a bow-tie, glasses, and a silly mustache had been an attempt to hide himself away. Perhaps it had come across as insensitive? That hadn't been his intention at all.
There was no anger in his words now. No sign of malice. Just a tenderness that melted Sherlock's heart and started up the threat of tears once more. His eyes prickled and dampened as he waited for John to continue.
John glanced up at the Elder Holmes. He was still angry at Mycroft. It had been his plan, after all, for Sherlock to jump and fool the world into thinking he was dead. To fool him. But, the trouble was, John just didn't have the heart to yell at him. Mycroft was fragile right now and John could see right through him like he was a fucking icicle - he was hurting - possibly even scared that his brother was going to die in the night.
"I'm sorry," John apologised. He'd been so close to hitting the man. "I didn't think. I didn't realise… yeah…you probably have more right to be here than me."
The third time Sherlock was desperate, torrents of tears sliding down his sharp cheekbones. Please pick up, please answer, please -
" I really must insist on leaving-" Mycroft gazed at John, conflicted and trying to search for a way he could get out of having to face his brother.
"Stabbed, in the gut. John, there's a lot of blood. I don't know what to do. Oh God. I just don't know."
"But I'm done shouting and throwing my weight around for one night." John said softly. "I just want to go home with you. We started something in the restaurant and I'd like to see it through."
John was going to marry Mary Morstan. He'd moved on. Didn't love him anymore. Despised him. Had physically hurt him. The man was a doctor, should have seen Sherlock writhing in agony after he'd landed a painful punch on one of the fresher scars on Sherlock's torso, but hadn't. Or maybe he had and that had pleased him, given him some sort of twisted pleasure, knowing that he had caused his bastard ex-flatmate pain.
He knew then that he would have to do something radical. Something that prior to the fall, to the being on the run for two years, he would not have dared to do. If he didn't do it now, it felt as though Sherlock would lose John completely.
Sherlock was grieving over the friendship he used to have with John. He had worked so hard just so they could be back together again. And now that it was really happening… this was going so much worse than any scenarios he had come up with. He was also hurting because now he was certain that John didn't want him back, and he would go back to his life before John, where he was alone. Only this time he would understand that he was lonely, because he knew what he was missing.
"Why bother? By the time you get to me, I will be dead. You will have to stare at my broken body again. Wouldn't want to bother you."
So he grabbed John's hand and tugged it close to his wrist. There John would be able to feel his racing pulse. By this point Sherlock's heart was hammering so hard in his chest that the sound gushed in his eardrums. It was erratic, uncontrollable. Whether it was because he was scared, excited, or if it was just being in such close proximity with John, Sherlock didn't know.
John Watson and Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock's personal angels perched at each corner of his bed, both smiled because of the same reason; Sherlock was very much alive.
He entered the dingy space in front of him, pushing past a door that was starting to come off its hinges. The odor that clung to its walls smelt like piss, human feaces, and defeat. It was where he belonged. He was no longer Sherlock the brilliant detective. That title had been ripped from him the moment he had lied to his friend. His best friend. No. His only friend, he corrected.
It was a bitter night. Sherlock didn't bother pulling his coat closed. He allowed the chill in the air to sink into his bones, making him feel as ice-cold as his caged heart currently felt.
At first it was incredibly awkward because John's lips froze beneath his, remaining thin and pressed tightly together.
John frowned. "Yeah, that would be the blood loss, and the fact you've been sat in the bloody rain bleeding out for the past god knows how long."
"How is he?" John said snappily. "I found him bleeding to death, stabbed in the gut, outside a drugs den. How do you think he is?" Mycroft dabbed at his forehead, wiping off a sheen of sweat. He looked upset - troubled - and that made John instantly regret his words. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap. I'm just worried about Sherlock."
For a brief moment John's fingers found their way to one of Sherlock's wrists. This confused Sherlock for a moment, but he soon realised what John was after. He needed some kind of confirmation that he was in fact alive, and this wasn't some horrible nightmare or hallucination.
This had apparently been the wrong thing to say. The boy's arm jerked upwards almost of its own accord, the sharp point of the knife edging its way closer to Sherlock. "How'd ya know my name? No one calls me Billy. Just my Mam and she's… she's dead. Only she gets to call me that!"
"The whole of England might just stop." Mycroft was smiling now. Well as close to a smile as the pompous prick could manage, John supposed.
John had advised them of the blood loss that had taken place the moment he'd made the call, and so they were prepared. They hooked him up to a large bag of blood. There was a moment where John had to hold his breath because they couldn't find a good vein, and the needle wasn't making an impact. But at last one of the older men on duty managed to get it in and the blood started to drip into the Sherlock's body.
Sherlock sniffled, his eyelids resting just for a moment, so that he was completely emerged in darkness, nothing but the sound of John's breathing filling his ears. He felt like ice. His blood was mixing in with the onslaught of rain water, gushing out of him like a red waterfall. He was so cold all of a sudden. Like the life was draining out of him quickly - almost as if he was already a corpse - ready to be poked and prodded at in a mortuary.
"Jesus…" He heard John breathe from close by. When had John's face gotten so close to his ears? He realised then that John had moved to embrace Sherlock in a tight bear hug.
, a jealous whisper hissed in the back of his mind palace, he's not your John and never has been. And he's definitely not going to be writing up about cases you've been on together any time soon.
"I don't need to know. I'm a soldier, remember Sherlock? I had bad days, and I'm certain you've had your fair share of bad days too, hmm?"
Sherlock groaned and slumped forwards. John's screams echoed against his eardrums, faint and fading away.
"Shhh, Lock. It's OK. I've got you now." John raised his arm and used his jacket sleeve to wipe some more of Sherlock's tears away. Then, smiling weakly, he tried to make a joke out of this terrible vulnerable position Sherlock had found himself in. " Though this doesn't mean I'm not still basically pissed off with you."
They were both complete strangers. At the same time they were still the same people beneath all of the pain, the hurt, and the lies. How could Sherlock possibly show that to John?
Mary had left by now. She hadn't even been able to look John in the eye. Had just gotten into a taxi and left John and Sherlock to "deal with their demons".
The hands that had been pressed to his stomach rose, one nimbly resting on his lips. He could taste his blood, feel it slick on his hands. His eyes rose bright with tears. He was alone. What did it matter if he cried? Who was here to watch his emotional defenses crumble?
When first conceiving the plan to fake his death, Sherlock had not weighed up how guilty or horrible he would feel, or how much he would be letting John down by lying to him. The only thing that had gotten him through the dark times had been the thought of one day returning to John.
He'd dreamed of this moment so many times. Had envisioned it behind his eyelids like a wet oil painting. In those moments where he had been beaten and tortured in Serbia, where he'd been certain that he was going to meet his bloody end, it was that image that had forced him to stay alive.
"Shit, bugger, fuck." Billy swore loudly. Something flashed in the lad's eyes. Something dangerous. Then, before Sherlock had a chance to escape or duck out, he felt a sudden impact against his abdomen. At first his brain told him he'd been punched by Billy, but the sharp pain that ripped through him soon corrected his thoughts. Not punched, no. Stabbed, definitely stabbed.
With a slight tilt of his head, Sherlock caught a glimpse of his older brother standing awkwardly in the doorway.
"Coming to get you. I might hate your guts right now, but I'm not going to let you die, just because I'm being stubborn."
Sherlock nodded and rubbed a hand against his eyes. When he pulled away he noted the slight wetness on the skin. Those words were enough to break the dam and the tears started to cascade down Sherlock's cheekbones. He was now powerless to stop them, and soon began to sob openly, the sounds echoing around the alleyway they were stood in.
An oxygen mask was placed carefully over his pasty grey face. John had never seen Sherlock so colourless… even the corpse used in the faked suicide seemed to have held more life than Sherlock in that very moment. John felt his gut drop.
The one person that he cared about the most, had reacted in the worst way. That was the reaction that had affected him, the one that had sent him reeling in shock, like his ex flatmate had drowned him, and he was trying to come up for air, but couldn't.
"Like I said before the phone cut off , your smartphone. Our first case, remember? The GPS system that helped track down the killer. I thought that it would lead me to you and it did. I found you and you scared me so much. I thought you were already dead."
"Alright," Sherlock stumbled back. That was unusual for him. Stumbling. He was usually so light on his feet. A dancer. John Watson was clearly clouding his cognitive skills, as well as his judgement. "Calm down. I'm no use to you if I'm dead."
"John," Sherlock's voice was just a whisper in the darkness. He reached out and placed a hand upon John's cheek, forcing the other man to turn to him. "I owe you a thousand apologies for what I have done to you. I know that I don't deserve your forgiveness but -"
John knew that Sherlock was better than all that sentimental business; so those words were either a lie or a truth brought to light because the man was dying. Either way, it didn't seem to matter anymore. John leaned over Sherlock and pressed his lips against the man's sweaty forehead in a somewhat kiss.
‘I hope me indulging this little habit of mine doesn’t offend you John, it has proved to be a very taxing few days.’ The closer he looks at Mycroft the more he notices his usually perfect appearance is slightly off, nothing too ostentatious but he’s certainly not looking his normal pristine self,  to John it looks like a classic case of exhaustion but he imagines exhaustion is a default setting for men in Mycroft’s position.
Listening to you bring yourself pleasure, picturing you standing alone under that spray and manipulating your cock; pumping it, regulating the pressure, did you thrust into it John? Did you hold your penis in a tight grip and thrust; imaging it was some woman's pretty wet vagina or slick mouth? Did you slip sometimes and drop your stubborn and hurtful façade of heterosexuality? Did you imagine a man John? A man's mouth? A man's arse? The pressure and friction of rubbing against another man's rock hard erection? Did you come to that fantasy John?
He falls asleep at some point between dawn and full blown morning, the four men are still standing guard at either end of the hallway, he looks across to see Hannah Franklin and Peter Devin resting against each other, Hannah has her head on Peter’s shoulder, the embrace is almost intimate and Greg looks away to award them some privacy, they’d be wonderful together If they ever worked it out. Sally has her knees pulled up on the chair, half turned so she’s looking towards Greg with her head leaning against the wall. He looks at the wall clock and realises it’s been three hours since they arrived, Samantha had been rushed to emergency surgery but they hadn’t told them anything else at the time.
“So it’s like this, I’ve never been straight; I know that, I’ve dated blokes plenty and it’s great. Some of my best relationships were with blokes. I mean most of them were very short but they were excellent and the sex- John, the sex was great and, look, it all comes down to this.”
Mina’s out of ear shot so he doesn’t feel too bad for calling Greg a wanker through his laughter before hanging up.
“Because an evening with him, any evening, was always better than anything I could be doing with someone else. An evening chasing a criminal, solving crimes, an evening of running through the dirty alleys of London would beat anything I could possibly dream up to do with a date.”
“I would feel very frustrated, I assure you, Gregory.” Mycroft entered the room in time to hear and take note of his potential lover’s diatribe. “Believe me when I tell you that I am sorry, I am sorry our case has taken precedence and I am sorry that you will be left unsatisfied in the delivery of this justice.”
John had told Sherlock to fuck off. Those words, so vulgar, so bitter, had torn through Sherlock like an actual bullet, leaving behind an awful ache and pull inside his chest where his heart was.
In a few moments he felt the change. His chest still ached and felt sore but the sharp pains he’d been experiencing all but faded. The harsh jagged edges that had filled his world were now smooth. The morphine had left him feeling woozy, his vision now so bleary he can hardly make out anything intelligible. He blinked, fighting against the wave of confusion, but all he can see of the paramedic now was a flash of green and pink.
What if Sherlock died that night? For real this time. Sherlock had attempted to call him three times. He wondered what state Sherlock would have been if only he'd picked up his mobile a little damned faster, and hadn't hung up on him the second time. Would they be at the hospital by now?
“Because one day a brave Duke someone who knew the Prince as well, he found a little girl and she was very beautiful and very sad because she was all alone. So this Duke took her back to the city and realised that she was very similar to the Prince he had known, so he called the Knight and the Prince’s brother, the King, and they both came to see her. The Knight realised he had been wrong when he thought he couldn’t love again because this little girl made him feel much better. She helped him heal his heart and he promised she would never be alone again. Because the Princess is the Knight’s daughter now and that means he’d never leave her and she never needs to be frightened because everyone is going to keep her safe.
If you could deliver them to him, in person, on or before the 20th of February I would be most grateful. You will likely find him at his club The Diogenes.
John wondered at how Mrs. Hudson could become the woman she was, having been surrounded by such people for so long.
‘I should go to the shop to make sure I have food and diapers, all the other stuff, god what about clothes I doubt she’s got any from the place she was before and I don’t think I’d want her in any of that anyway. She’s going to need so much stuff, I don’t have anything, I mean, I mean I honestly don’t have anything, Mrs Hudson is there even food in the fridge?’
“Yes, I did the books. He was always terrible with his sums and he used to say it kept me out of the mischief.”
Mycroft doesn’t know what to think when Gregory rises from the chair, he had thought better of his actions, his hand still stinging from the impact with the desk, he had been running on instinct, desperate to touch, kiss and claim but that was in no way appropriate. He had no indication Gregory would welcome it and the last thing he wanted to do was upset his love further.
“Why is that?” John asked. He was half listening to Francis and half trying to listen in on Greg’s side of the phone conversation.
You have a high tolerance for addicts John. I worry that your childhood may have convinced you it is your job to care for them or perhaps that was your medical training. So determined to make yourself useful John. Did we dance? Or was that in my mind? I have the memory of holding you close; my hand on your back pulling you against my chest. I do not think it can possibly be a true memory John because if it were, if I had held you that closely, felt your breath against my neck, I would surely have closed that last gap and laid my lips upon yours.
‘Sir would you like to leave?’ it’s the man in the overcoat again, he’s looking with concern at Greg like he’s the one mortally injured, not injured dead, Code Zero, Code Zero, it keeps running through his head again. He looks to his team again but they’re wrapped in each other, he can’t offer them comfort, not now.
Sally makes a sarcastic noise of disgust ‘You think the instant drivel we have here is going to help? If you need coffee you best send someone on a run’
Mycroft observed through the two way mirror as his agents secured Abram Mitrović’s restraints to the floor with a bulky metal chain, never releasing his arms; the man had a rich history of violence towards law enforcement. The man, also known by his code name ‘Mr Red’, was showing the marks of Anthea’s attention across the portions of his skin visible to Mycroft’s gaze. The woman herself entered the small observation room attached to the room Mitrović was being set up in.
We dabbled with manual and oral stimulation before I agreed to being penetrated. Victor had no interest in ‘bottoming’ he informed me but he greatly wanted to lay claim to this facet of my sexuality. I have to admit that I found it mostly unpleasant. I had enjoyed the brief experiments we under took with oral sex a great deal and when Victor told me the pressure would be something akin to the stretch my jaw experienced (which I found pleasant enough) but intensified I was drawn in. I, of course, now realise he was lying but I was sixteen and thought myself very much in love.
All Greg can do is laugh, he hears Mycroft join him, his tension ebbs away shortly and he thinks this might be why he loves this man, he loves him and it hits him so hard he loses his breath. There’s silence on the other end as Mycroft composes himself, the image of him sitting behind his desk smiling does odd things to Greg’s heart.
“No, I don’t believe he did. She would have been a weakness for Sherlock and one Moriarty would likely have exploited.”
‘Watson, you with us?’ he manages to croak in response to the question, his throat raw with thirst, it’s like the worst match day hangover he’s ever known, buzzing in his head, nausea, a dull throbbing all over his body, he starts to feel the heat of the room, the dull humidity in the air, he wills his arm to move to push the sweat dripped stands of hair off his face.  ‘Come on mate, need to get you up, can’t have you in here all day’ He feels strong hands taking his wrist, checking a pulse?
Looking back to the house he realised the greenhouse would be mostly obscured from the positioning of the table and chairs; there was a chance Mycroft had failed to see the glow while they were together. But who was inside the building. Mrs Hudson was still enforcing her lesson about making a good impression but John had stopped listening for the most part.
‘Someone call for giant Lego bricks,’ the woman, Tammy reappears holding two large plastic boxes ‘theses contain five hundred bricks between them and I can solemnly swear that while I may be up to no good these do not contain pink or glitter,’ she leans over the counter at Mina ‘but missy what I’m not telling Daddy is that they do contain purple bricks because purple is cool, pink is also cool but Daddy here would appear to be on a definitive anti-gender movement and we must respect that’ Her grin is slightly manic when she looks back up at John, it might be a little creepy John thinks but it becomes obvious he’s alone in this conclusion when Mina lets out a giggle and reaches for the woman’s glasses. He’s about to apologise when Tammy whips them off her nose and gives them to Mina, ‘we should encourage an inquisitive nature don’t you think John, she’s a beauty this one.’
The three men agreed and then fell into silence. Francis maintained a stiff grip on the wheel of the car and John noticed him checking the mirrors constantly in sequence. There was a possibility they were being followed, then.
Greg moved, he gave Mycroft a chance to withdraw but the man seemed frozen in place. His lips were parted slightly and Greg rose onto his toes slightly to press their lips together. He kept his kiss soft, a brief brush of lips before sinking back so his feet were flat on the ground.
Deciding he’d have to keep the disguises, they were good fun and mostly positive memories; the elderly lady mistaking Sherlock for a stripper while he was dressed as a fireman being a personal favourite,  he turns instead to the pile of photos and the three photo albums. He scoops the loose pieces back into the box but desides to check the albums, perhaps someone would want them; Inside he finds a chronicle of the life of Sherlock Holmes.Starting at school age the young man scowling at the camera ages quickly, half of one of the albums consists of Sherlock in Halloween costumes, the more memorable seem to occur at university, he watches his style evolve from boarding school uniforms to jeans so tight John thinks he must have found bending over difficult.  There’s a sequence of pictures with a young man with blonde hair, Sherlock scowling at the camera as the blonde nuzzles his neck or bites his ear, John feels irrational jealousy and for once doesn’t try to stop it. He’s chosen to never analyse these moments because what would it change, Sherlock had always seemed detached from sex and relationships, but the proof that once Sherlock had been more open hurt John more deeply than he would have expected.
“Its bloody murder, Mycroft, its bloody murder and no one knows. Sherlock is still the fake detective. Everyone still thinks he was a fraud because the man who forced him to commit suicide was just too damn clever for you.”
‘I apologise John, I was lost in thought. I should not have left you alone with my parents for so long.’ Mycroft seems embarrassed, especially when he moves to check his pocket watch, near enough fifty minutes have passed since John noticed Mycroft’s absence,
Mycroft would have endeavoured to provide the man with a suitable escape from the engagement but he was a selfish man at heart and the idea of more time with the man was a gift he was unlikely to turn down.
‘Oh why? John, are you going somewhere?’  Mrs Hudson smiles over at him from behind Tammy’s back, she’d volunteered to come this morning when John had explained his early morning typing to her. She’d seemed genuinely excited at the prospect of him doing something like this, explaining that it was nice to see him doing something for himself for once, he’d been so tied up in becoming a Dad he’d stopped most of his favourite activities.  He knew she was right, it wasn’t that he in anyway resented fatherhood but he did miss having the time to devote to the few past times he did have, perhaps writing was something he’d be able to engage with again, now he had a purpose.
‘Her father was inquisitive so it wouldn’t come as a surprise, I would take those back though she’ll likely chew them.’ Removing the glasses earns him a squeak of annoyance from his daughter but John imagines it’s safer than letting her chew on them, ‘Oh and I have no problem with the colours I just figure she shouldn’t be restricted you know, I want her to figure out what she likes, be it princesses’, John bends down and presents his daughter with the teddy she’s been eyeballing since John removed Tammy’s glasses, ‘or apparently Ewoks, really little cuddly Ewoks?’
Mycroft’s own objections to the idea that French scientists were in anyway more competitive than other European nations was met with loud exclamations in his Mother’s native tongue and his Father’s unsympathetic raised eyebrow, he should have known better than to insinuate the French in anyway lost out to another nation, in anything, even something as apparently villainous as patent stealing or the destruction of experiments, he’d had to offer his surrender in perfect French just to ensure her return to the shared tongue of the rest of table. John seemed to find the entire exchange overwhelmingly amusing, his quiet laughter a constant feature throughout his Mother’s tirade.
John’s a little shocked, he would never have pegged Sherlock’s father to be abusive, but the idea of someone being so openly affectionate to Sherlock, who balked merely at the hint of care, the picture doesn’t sit right,
Lunch is full of good humour and happy faces, the local sports bar Samuel’s does good food and half of the Met can be found there at lunchtimes, the pool and darts tournaments provide enough completion to maintain rivalries across departments but Greg never gets involved, he’s not bad at pool but with Sally and Claire representing them they’ve managed to win seven out of the eight matches they’ve had this year, the other teams may throw banter around that it’s because they get distracted by pretty girls bending over but Sally and Claire know they win by skill and if he’s honest watching Sally rip into the misogynistic attitudes of his co-workers makes him happier than it should, the woman takes no prisoners when it comes to asserting herself amongst her counterparts, she’s ruthless in a way which loses her more friends than she keeps but she’s always worked hard and in reality Greg knows she’s battling to save people. The victims of the crimes they investigate always have a defender in her.
Sherlock, with a sudden revelation that jolted through him like ice, realised that without John Watson in his life he really had nothing to live for. Years of fighting tooth and nail, with men bigger than him and more dangerous, and all to keep John safe, so that one day he might return to him. And now…now it all seemed rather pointless.
"I'm Sherlock Holmes," His words were out before he could stop them. He had not considered that the presence of a detective, one associated with Scotland Yard no less, was an unwelcome sight among the drug den's walls.
John shrugged off his jacket. It was the same one he'd worn on their first case together, albeit battered and worn with age now. Much like the man himself. As gently as he could, so not to jostle the him to badly, the coat was placed over Sherlock's damp and bloody body.
The words from a week prior rose to the surface of John’s barely conscious mind. In a brief moment of unclarity, he thought he was lying unconscious in Afghanistan. A week ago that would have sent relief flooding through him, but that had been before he’d met Sherlock.
John repeated, a fierce mantra inside his head. He was the selfish one for accepting. John wanted to absorb every drop of Sherlock, he’d been fascinated by his quick wit and ability to deduce whole worlds in the smallest things. He’d wanted it all.
"Sherlock," There was a pause down the line. John sounded a bit concerned now, almost like his old doctorly self. "Are you…crying?"
His eyes widened and he tried to speak, but he could barely breathe, let alone get the right words out. John traced a finger along the curve of Sherlock's cupid bow and shushed him gently. "It's OK. Save your breath. You're going to need it. I called an ambulance. They'll be here any minute now."
A choked laugh. Disbelief. "Yeah, right. OK. No. I'm not falling for that kind of crap again. You think I'm stupid , don't you? Think I'll just fall for one of your tricks again. Not this time."
"I know, I know, I know." Sherlock would have been surprised if John was anything but pissed off with him. His eyes scrunched closed tightly, trying to stop any more tears from falling.
"Don't say that. Don't say it like I want you dead. I don't." John wrapped his arms around Sherlock gently, his thumbs rubbing patterns along the back of the great Belfast coat, not caring that Sherlock's blood was staining his clothes, not caring about anything other than getting as close to the injured man as possible.
"He's going to be OK?" John questioned in disbelief. He couldn't believe it. His heart felt ready to burst from its cage with joy and his legs threatened to collapse beneath his as he tried to process the feelings of shock - concern - elated happiness.
Sherlock pushed the voiced down. Squashed it. Envisioned it trapped in a glass beaker deep, deep inside a locked room in his mind. He needed to focus. Needed to pin all of his attention on the real John Watson, his John Watson.
The touch of John's fingers on his pulse didn't last long, as he was pulled off from Sherlock, and they were both stood to their feet. There - no longer with the threat of lunging at Sherlock - at least not for now - the two men just stared at each other.
John’s temple pulsed with this new information. Cold terror passed over him as he tried to process the words. He knew from experience that even head wounds that appeared minor could cause major complications. He longed for Sherlock to wake up and reassure him that he was fine, but his deep baritone didn’t break the silence.
The crew rushed forwards, armed with a stretcher. They pushed John out of the way, and he was forced to watch hopelessly as they dragged the lifeless body of his best friend onto it. They managed to control the bleeding with a pressure against the wound. It would have to do for now. As soon as Sherlock got to the hospital, John knew they would have to operate on him.
John blinked. Mycroft had never been so open and honest about his emotions. For a moment there John had forgotten that Mycroft wasn't a heartless devil in a suit. He'd totally skipped over the fact that Mycroft Holmes felt things… that he had a heart. Well, John supposed, of course he did. Both the Holmes brothers were human, and had the ability to love. They just had a bloody ridiculous way of showing it.
His mind had clouded over and he'd found himself beyond clarity and reason, returning to one of the less favourable drug dens that he'd frequented on a daily basis back in the day. That had been before John, and before the cases, and before he had anything to live for.
But that's when the unforgiving John Watson had settled and made a home in Sherlock's mind palace. Apparently it had been his minds way of coping, of preserving the memory of John. Only, now the voice had turned bad.
After a while the silence became unbearable. It pressed against all of Sherlock's senses and he was painfully aware of it. He needed to hear that John forgave him, he needed that confirmation, or the voice would have been right all along.
He had to break the tension between them, so he made a joke about John's mustache. It had been lighthearted humor, really. Sherlock could never truly tease John about his body. Not when he loved ever single inch of John, even that scruffy caterpillar on his top lip, but apparently that wasn't the way John took it at all.
John was lifted onto the back of the ambulance and placed on a gurney. When he tilted his head to the side he saw the outline of another flat, padded table. The paramedics lifted a listless shape onto it. The shape is pink, and brown, smattered with a large amount of crimson.
"There,that's better." John grinned when Sherlock was literally stunned into a long bout of silence. "I would have kissed you years ago if I knew it was so efficient in shutting you up."
“Feel better?” John managed a minuscule movement of his head. Although the fight to keep himself alive was leaving him, the localised pain was still too excruciating to do anything else. “Good. Think you can open your eyes for me a little?”
The force behind John's small body took Sherlock off guard. The room spun for a dizzying second, before both of them were sent flying to the ground.
John pulled away and looked into Sherlock's face, his own eyes damp but twinkling with happiness. "Oh god yes."
Very gradually, almost at though Sherlock was breaking through walls, John's lips parted and allowed Sherlock's tongue inside. There was still something hesitant in John's kiss, like he was holding back. Well, that simply wouldn't do.
Frankly, John doesn’t have enough fingers to describe it. He flexed his right hand and made the motion of ‘five’ twice. It’ll do. If the paramedic is concerned about the level of pain he was experiencing, she doesn’t let it show on her face. She reached inside her medical supplies box and filled a syringe with morphine. She tapped the syringe and a squirt of liquid spurted from the point of the needle. Then he felt, rather than saw, the needle pressing through his skin, the opiate entering his blood stream. The sensation made him grimace. Morphine, although arguably king of all painkillers,
The two men were interrupted by the sound of the door to the surgery room opening. A weary, but pleased surgeon walked out, pulling off his gloves with satisfaction written across his face. "I think he's going to be OK gentlemen. He survived the major surgery. We'll keep him hooked up to some blood until I'm satisfied his blood volumes are back to normal, and he's not allowed to move for quite some time, less those stitches tear."
Unfortunately the idiotic restaurant staff had not shared the same view as Sherlock. A very angry owner had chucked them out the moment Sherlock's hands had started wandering to forbidden places.
The please seemed to do the trick. It was polite, out of character even, and was enough to make John look at Sherlock. Really look since the moment they'd locked eyes on each other at long last.
After assessing his condition further, they gently manoeuvred him onto a stretcher, so he was now laid on his back. Despite how careful the paramedics had been the involuntary cry that left him was automatic, the shout of protest a borderline sob.
“Sorry, sir.” Sally apologised, then a moment later she said. “Do you think he’ll pull through this?”
"Nope." John said sternly. "We are not doing this here, not in a bloody alleyway. We wait until the ambulance gets here and we get you patched up. Maybe then, and only then, we can talk about this."
Continuing those tiny touches, his lips once again picked up pace. He became a little daring, and flicked his tongue between his cupid lips.
"I should, um, attend to some important government business." Mycroft nodded affirmatively and began to spin on his heel.
He didn't allow any room for arguments, or protests of "I'M NOT GAY". He swiftly closed in on those lips and pressed gently but firmly, not wanting to scare the man away, but wanting to convey his love for John in the gesture.
“It is,” Sherlock went on to say. John detected a definite waver in the inflection of Sherlock’s voice.
"Sorry to disappoint you. I'm not quite there yet." A dry humourless sound slipped out of Sherlock's lips.
"I've thought long and hard about what I want to say to you. These are prepared words, Sherlock. I've chosen these words with care. It's all I could think about since you walked through those bloody restaurant doors."
John asked, and as always Sherlock gave. He lay all his truths bare for John to see. He told the story of two men, and their frankly ridiculous adventures, and he recalled how Moriarty had goaded him into jumping, or else the one man in the story would lose the love of his life and all those he held dear.
"Sherlock Holmes is heartbroken, John. Surely that much is clear. Heartbroken over you. Did you not wonder why he was near a drugs den so soon after you rejecting him? You might as well have been the one to stab him. Kill him." That smug grin - oh how he hated that grin - how perfectly it curled and snarled beneath that beaked nose.
Sherlock's lips twisted upwards with smug curiosity. He peered through the dark, trying to decipher what kind of person his attacker was. A lad, just a kid, nothing special. Probably not capable of brandishing such a weapon, so not a object to worry about, merely an obstacle between himself and his first hit in two years.
"Ah, no." John actually had the bravery to grab Mycroft's sleeve and drag him back. "You are going to see your baby brother and be perfectly civilized, aren't you Mycroft?"
Ah, yes. The blasted thing seemed a bit tight around his neck actually. He tugged at it and dragged it down, bunching it in his fist and pressing it against the gaping hole in his lower stomach. He let out a startled sob. Oh god, that hurt. The blue material quickly began to soak in the liquid, turning a dirty crimson.
Sherlock had discovered the case earlier in the day and followed the leads. It was a death that was being half-heartedly investigated by NSY due to “slightly suspicious circumstances”. The grandmother was slowly poisoned by her grandson for the inheritance; he had fallen on some hard times and needed the money sooner rather than whenever the old bat decided to die herself.
Sherlock’s eyes light up in interest, wracking his brain, “Oooh, this is fun now,” he says with glee before launching into a tirade of multiple examples of public shaming having a positive effect.
At nearly two o’clock in the morning - after one such night of studying, John had seen to his Headboy duties before going to bed - Sherlock finds himself alone in an empty classroom he commandeered two years ago for his experiments. He works on them mostly in the early hours; because he tends not to sleep for days on end, he finds this an appropriate use of his time.
They glance at each other warily, uncertain about how such a large change - the largest yet - will alter the relationship of Sherlock and John yet further.
“Helping with science?” John laughed, lifting an eyebrow, “That is the shittest excuse I’ve ever heard.”
John looked down at their joined bodies futilely, trying to glimpse the evidence below, as though he couldn’t trust his own sense of touch on the matter. He swallowed thickly as he looked back up at Sherlock’s face to find it averted in shame.
John kept his eyes trained on Sherlock’s face as he lowered his hand to cup Sherlock’s overly hard, wet, and throbbing cock. The cotton of Sherlock’s pajama trousers did nothing to hide the moist flesh and Sherlock buckled, grabbing onto John’s arms with a deep huff, “John…John, I...if you...I might...”
Sherlock looked up from his microscope and towards his friend on the sofa in an accusatory manner, “What do you mean you don’t know? You’re supposed to help me through this!”
Huffing with a giggle, John does it again and again, stroking Sherlock’s flank in an almost hypnotic way until Sherlock pulls back, his eyes unsure as he stills John’s hand, “I...should I undress? The best way to treat hypothermia is with skin to skin contact.”
written all over his face. The evidence of how often this happens to him shows clearly in his blatant, easy acceptance of it each and every time.
Sherlock takes down the only American who remains in the room quite easily, and then John is arriving back at the flat. John takes care of Mrs. Hudson as Sherlock calls Lestrade to report the crime of break-in, then describing the crime he’s yet to commit of tossing the “burglar” out the window. John suggests that Mrs. Hudson leave London to rest for a bit, but Sherlock won’t hear of it.
Watson removes his hand from Holmes’ to be able to place the lower half of his face in his own hands once more instead. If John gives a speech like he himself had given…
“This is one of my favourites,” Mr. Holmes smiled, running a finger across the school portrait. Sherlock's features were obvious, although his hair was far more auburn than it currently was today, “Sherlock's first day at Saint Benedict's.”
"What exactly happens at these reunion things?” Sherlock asked rather abruptly the following afternoon, apropos of nothing while working at his microscope.
Back to the “present”, Sherlock gets the cue from Mary that his train of thought has crossed over in to the territory of Not Good and attempts to wrap up the speech.
Siger clasps his shoulder briefly before facing him, John takes the hand stretching towards him and feels a firm grip, ‘There is nothing I want more than to know her and if I am to call you John then you must call me Siger, my wife shall be suitably scandalised and we may make it to the main course before she starts bombarding you with inappropriately personal questions’  John laughs at this, he lived with Sherlock Holmes for long enough to no longer take offence at being asked ridiculously personal questions over a meal.
John moved further into the structure, his newly acquired guide occasionally stopping him to smell a specific example, explaining in detail about the treatments and care provisions required for each. John exclaims once at the supposed worth of one of the rarer examples causing his guide to chuckle lightly,
The leather is bound tightly to the stuffing of the chair, it’s so firm that If Greg presses down his hand leaves no imprint on it. It’s comfortable though, formal, not for relaxing in. Nothing about this room calls for someone to relax. He’s got to wonder how he ended up at Mycroft’s. Why would anyone bring him here? It was where he most wanted to be, his friend soothed him, this was true but no one else would know that. Mycroft barks a final thing at the phone before replacing it to its holder, he’s obviously breathing deeply and Greg thinks he might be trying to regain some form of composure. It seems odd to see Mycroft like this, the man is always so held together, Greg can only think of two exceptions to this rule and neither of them seems appropriate here. He wonders if he should get up or say something.
‘John dear, is that you? I can’t hear much over this phone.’ Mrs Hudson is yelling slightly on the other end,
‘You’re going to have to explain that to me, are you developing something radioactive because if so I should really remove the Ewok from my daughter’s mouth,’ She follows his line of sight to the curtained room.
“Now it’s pretty much him swooping in and saving me, dragging me off somewhere, an insanely intense snog followed by him saving me again, me staying in his house, more snogging and a slightly kinky hand-job. Me getting a divorce and now I’m living in his house, in his room, but he isn’t there. So you know, find a word for that and that’s the one we’ll go with.”  Greg stopped when he realised John was no longer beside him. Instead John was a foot behind him doubled over in mirth. “Oh come off it, John, it’s not that funny.”
“I can tell you if you like,” Mycroft offered, withdrawing another photograph from the folder and handing it across.
Mycroft threw Mitrović a smirk expecting it to enrage the man further. Mycroft was waiting for the snap, the breakdown of the man’s higher functions and the release of the violent bloodlust he knew lay within. But it did not materialize. Rather, the man slumped backwards into the chair, his rigid posture uncoiling as he did so.
They had all been filled with such fiery rage, such emotional rawness, their grief was shared but not spoken about.
John wasn’t too eager to keep running with it. He’d rather not drag up shit with his parents in the middle of a public Christmas fair. He allowed himself to be distracted by two children fighting off to the side of them. The girl looked a little similar to Harry when she was eight, it was the braces John thought; the pair of them seemed to be fighting over a cinnamon swirl. The girl looked set to win. She was bigger and the scrap of a boy looked like he might just be fighting for something to do. John couldn’t say he thought the kid deserved to win with that attitude.
‘Then it’s agreed that we’re both happy because I’m bloody relieved. Life’s too short to be miserable, John. Remind me of that when the bloody witch tries to drag me through the courts.’
His mother seemed to be calming somewhat, her face was pressed lightly into his father’s shoulder and it gave Mycroft such a vivid memory of that night five months ago, when he had been responsible for telling them of his younger brother’s death, that he made to slip out of the room after Holly who was removing the tray.
Mycroft notes John’s quiet exhale and wonders if he’d anticipated having to sit through a hellish hour of the details surrounding his daughter’s previous life, ‘Since then, John, I have kept my parents updated about any improvements you have reported with regards to Mina’s health and or wellbeing, my mother I believe has more questions pertaining to those changes,’ he leaves the sentence open hoping his mother will jump in with one of the many questions she’s been throwing at him over the previous week.
I do truly hate you sometimes John. You have made me feel so much and very little of it would I ever thank you for. Jealousy for example is a useless emotion. It brings nothing but pain and yet I am unable to delete it. To delete the pressure of it in my head and the feel of it in my gut.
They stand in silence for a little while, each smoking their cigarettes, Greg thinks Danny might be going slightly pale but he’s not certain, he thinks the chill must be reaching him when he notices the slight tremor in his hand,
“Now, did you notice anything odd about the money that was coming in while Sebastian was spending time with your husband?”
No one was speaking, the car moved through London smoothly but John couldn’t tell which direction they were heading in, his attention span was limited with his thoughts continuing to return to the face of the little girl . When the car stopped he moved before thinking, opening the door onto a road he knew, he spun to observe the black door of 221b Baker Street and couldn’t quite bring himself to move. He hadn’t been back here in three months and had thought never to again. Why were they here?
John had managed to make it a fair way across the garden by now, he thought suddenly that his feet were carrying him on a natural path towards the faint yellow glow, he could make out now that it seemed to be coming from a small shed like structure, he wondered what it was that caused that glowing,
‘No, no’ Mina threw a square of her toast off her highchair tray and watched it fall to the floor with a slightly manic grin for so early in the morning. John could only hope such actions weren’t an early manifestation of predisposition to experimentation, the application of physics principles at a young age, no better to hope his daughter simply wanted to make a mess. ‘No Dada’.
“Because I WANT TO TELL YOU THE STORY.” The sound of the chains rattling filled the room once more. “Just listen.” Mitrović dragged the ‘s’ in the last word out into a hiss. The tilt of his head reminded Mycroft vividly of Moriarty, it was the tilt of the head and the wide eyes that truly bought the thought to the forefront of his mind.
‘Well it’s just I was wondering how Mycroft would choose to explain the white marks on his trousers and shoes, that’s all Greg.’ Both gentlemen go a steady shade of magenta and John can’t recall seeing anything better than Mycroft and Greg spluttering and saying the word yoghurt repeatedly. This line of questioning had definite potential, John wonders when happiness had become his default setting again, turning away from the numbness of grief; the young girl with her head rested on his shoulder was a reminder of just how recent this change was.
“You’ll forgive me my excitement. You see Moriarty was frustrated., Your brother, the Reichenbach hero, proved to be ordinary. He was dull, and to Moriarty that’s the biggest sin of all.”
Some things he’d learnt on his own, Johnsons no more tears burns like hell if you get it into your eyes, he’d discovered this by accidently rubbing his eyes when Mina was splashing about earlier, not that he was complaining but a product called no more tears caused a hell of a lot of eye watering, children could be entertained through splash wars with themselves, potentially the most adorable thing he’d ever witnessed, bath mats main purpose was to provide your knees with somewhere safe to rest while avoiding the flooded bathroom floor, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t thank them for that, although all the forums said she would be able to handle a small cup herself Mina seemed to lack the control to take sips of a drink, the whole milk he’d tried her with at dinner had been more messy than the spaghetti and the final lesson, learnt immediately upon Lisa leaving, just because Mina didn’t make noise, didn’t mean she didn’t cry.
Lestrade stopped part way through taking a sip of tea, Mrs Hudson had bustled downstairs proclaiming a need for tea and cleaning equipment;
‘John, Samuel and Anthea have completed a circuit of the lower levels, there’s no sign of forced entry on any of the doors and windows, I find It most likely that you were awoken by something else, although from the changes in your expression over the last thirty minutes I’m assuming you will have already reached your own conclusions.’ It’s true he already knew there was no one here, but having it confirmed brought his stress levels down to a more manageable level,
From across the street a person wolf whistles and then there is quiet laughter and a momentary jeer before Sherlock throws an insult at the teenagers and John hears them beat a rapid retreat. But John feels himself tense up under the cover of Sherlock’s frame and coat anyway, feels the first trickles of cold and the adrenaline crash make his body tremble.  He also feels his erection flag and doesn’t know whether he should be annoyed or relieved.
‘Who do you mean?’ Mycroft smiles slightly at that, under different circumstances John would make a joke about not being a mind reader like the Holmes brother, but tonight is not such an occasion.
Mycroft knew well enough to play along. Something was dismantling Moriarty’s network. His team were aware of combat in areas but they had yet to make the connection; The work he had seen was amateurish, the results messy; whoever was making these moves weren’t trained professionals.
“You’ve wondered, haven’t you, about what they said. You’ve watched the moment over and over again, captured on your little cameras. But you still don’t know what was said. You don’t know why he jumped. Tell me, Mr Holmes, does it haunt you?” Mitrović asked. “I bet it does. Would you like to know?”
‘The quality might not be very good and the sound a little tinny, but still,’ he hands over his phone where he’s loaded a small video clip. He recognises the audio from his journey in the car, he watched the clip on repeat while waiting to arrive and it had kept him sane for the most part. Although his earlier deep set obsession with his tie choice now makes him feel foolish.
I just want to apologise for this update taking so long, it wasn't meant to. I hit a serious writers block and i'm doing this without a beta which means I felt a little alone with it. We've also just had Mother's day in the UK which is a quietly frantic time in my family.
“Yes, from the American government. They had been watching your husband closely. When Sherlock arrived Agent Walters got put underground so Sherlock wouldn’t uncover their operation. My brother had a tendency to overlook the potential damage destroying an undercover persona might cause.”
Oh and I'm wondering about the best way to format the continuation of the story. Should It be within the same fic or should I make a series? Let me know if you have an opinion.
They sit as a silent vigil, they’re joined eventually by Devin and Franklin, it seems wrong to have the higher ups of his team here when they just closed a raid but the proceedings will have been mostly handed over to the higher ups when they reported an officer down. They’ve always been a close team, the closest in Greg’s division really, Sally is practically his right hand in all the cases he undertakes but he’d trust his life to the other two as well.
He makes some token noises of protest when Sherlock starts manhandling him up against the bar and John manages to get himself into a slumped sitting position where Sherlock can kneel over him and try to perform checks for concussion while John giggles at the way Sherlock’s curls bounce when he pulls on them lightly.
“Shame, guilt, fear of rejection. Sherlock was a damn hard man to read, Greg. For the most part I think he was ignorant to my feelings, and if not, if he knew. He never made a move so I guess that says something, doesn’t it.”
‘Drop the gun Guv. He’s not worth it. Drop the gun’ Devin is restraining him. Doesn’t he understand what that man has done? What Greg let him do?
‘Oh John I’m sorry, I shouldn’t, I shouldn’t have said anything, I wasn’t trying to be nosey I just wondered,  I am really sorry I feel like a fool.’
‘Not even a little Donovan sorry,’ she looks exacerbated but to be honest Greg thinks that might just be her face now, he contemplates the piles of paperwork she’d clearly placed on his desk before catching his attention ‘Coffee is going to be necessary before we even start going over these files, it’s going to be a heavy day again.’
“Why don’t you just tell me, you’re clearly salivating at the prospect,” Mycroft pointed to Mitrović’s eyes; clearly dilated, a pulse point that he imagined was likely racing and the man’s shifting hips;  unable to maintain his previously rigid posture.
‘You can never know John, you could never save me,’ he holds the phone to his ear even after the conversation is over, he kneels as he watches his best friend, his soul mate, the man he’ll always love, it’s safe to admit that in his dreams, take a step off the building, the building where their story has started, he chose to end it there too.
‘Hello, person I can’t see, very interesting fact’ he laughs, a face appears between the racks of Star Trek children uniforms and the dungarees of many colours.
‘Well no dear, no one’s been living here have they, the milk from earlier was mine, I don’t think you’ve even got tea here anymore.’
“But I can tell you that it will likely have involved the deportation of the criminal you are referring to.”
“Anthea, will you liberate the files pertaining to this man,” Mycroft turned the picture to Anthea, who nodded silently before leaving the room. “Thank you Gregory. Finding this man might help us locate Moran.”
“Sure enough, I had to see the fools face in autopsy photos for weeks. Molly had him over at Saint Barts.”
‘What!?’ she sounds panicked by this and Greg wonders if he should be, he remembers the woman, remembers something about her eyes making him trust her.
‘John please, please, please, please, please!’ the litany of pleases continued as he placed the plates in the sink and started the water.  Story Day at White rabbit was divided into three sections, young children; between one and five, were seen in the morning, these stories tended to be classics, easily recognisable and ones parents were likely to have at home, this was mostly because of the attention span on the child, then there was ‘modern children’s classics’ for children between six and ten and then the final story of the say was Young Adults, suitable for eleven years and up, Young Adults happened to be the section John had been forced to cover the week before when Tammy’s normal performer Brian called up claiming he was too wasted to handle children, Tammy had exploded at the young man, firing him over the telephone before steadily breaking into a panic at not being able to create something out of thin air for the relatively large audience she’d been expecting, the local school had started sending the more  children in year seven who struggled with English to watch each week and Tammy proclaimed loudly that she felt physically sick at the idea of having to turn them away. They came each week to be inspired,
‘What can we do? What help can she have? She is so young’ John moved to kneel in front of Violet, he takes her shaking hands gently in his own, his voice is soft,
Greg put as much depth into his voice as possible, his next statement coming up as more of a growl than anything, “You haven’t seen my skills yet Myc, you’ll know when you do.”
“So did you ask about the opiates?” Greg asked this time. He had moved forward, Mina now silently sleeping against his chest, her face turned into his neck, her fist closed around his shirt collar.
John read the article over twice, barely checking the urge to tear it to pieces right there at the table before excusing himself to check in with his friend. There was a time when news like this would inevitably involve his and Sherlock’s names and more often than not their faces too. He remembered wondering how the national press could so flippantly talk about the officers putting their lives on the line everyday to combat the crimes of the country, but he supposed it was because the police weren’t honoured with the same respect as soldiers. No one wanting to admit that sometimes the streets of London could be even a portion as deadly of those in active warzones.
The second year the gift is better wrapped and John is at least aware of the month. He raises a single eyebrow at the detective but still accepts it on his way out the door.
‘Thanks, I’m happy to stay put, if you are alright with me being here of course’ Inclining his head in recognition Mycroft continued.
‘You know John it strikes me that we’ve all been quite focused on making her happy now rather than dealing with the negative ramifications left over from her early life experiences.’ John felt himself bristle with anger, did Mycroft honestly think he didn’t remember everyday exactly what he’d read in that folder, he’d seen for himself some of the marks her early years in those monsters care had given her and he had to squash the violent reaction he had to the knowledge of their existence every time she screamed for him in the night.
“Yes, this is him.” Mrs. Hudson pointed to the older man in the centre of the image. “What does he have to do with this Russian chap?”
John’s fighting hard against the instinct to hide any emotion from this man, he was raised in a family where negative emotions negative emotions were repressed until violence ensued, he’s tried so hard to disregard those lessons but sometimes, especially when faced with a person whose good opinion he is eager to garner, he falls back on them. He thinks he understands Siger, from the things Mycroft’s told him and the short time he’s spent alone with the man, to know that being stoic and emotionless would hardly impress him. He wears his emotions on his face, honesty interwoven his mannerisms, at least in his interactions with John that has been the case.
He had told her everything, she had believed him and the nanny had been fired later that day. Two days past and Mycroft believed the matter to be over, his mother had started to pay more attention to Sherlock, she was not how he remembered but she was around and it meant the family made no moves to hire a new nanny and so when his Grandfather called him into his father’s office he imagined it had more to do with his two days of missed tutoring rather than the nanny incident.
Greg proceeded to check and load the gun ensuring the safety was on before checking the weight of it in his hand.
He sees the flash of panic run across Mycroft’s eyes and he thinks that maybe his risk hasn’t paid off, he was wrong to think this would be welcome. He opens his mouth to apologise, blame it on shock, blame it on anything, but Mycroft cups his face between his hands and brings their lips back together. It’s just as chaste as before, lips barely touching, Mycroft’s hands slip down his back and grasp his waist pulling him closer.
Mycroft was just staring at the image, his eyes moved across the face seeming to catalogue her features, no doubt comparing them to Sherlock’s when he’d been the same age. He’d see it John knew he would but he didn’t want to wait to do something. Seconds were slipping by and the idea of this child being with someone besides the three of them was killing him. Was she with someone who had known Sherlock, someone who believed he was a fraud, John couldn't have that, he wouldn't have her hearing those things about Sherlock.
John startled awake, the last breath he had taken while asleep still clouded the car window he had been resting against.
Mycroft stood under the front portico and contemplated the night sky; he had spent large portions of the first eight years of his life doing just this; alongside his mother. They had spent their summers tracking constellations and the movements of different cloud types, he had never been a child prone to flights of fancy, unlike Sherlock, but he had loved the stars. It was one of the reasons why so many of his gifts to Mina involved astrological elements. It was one of the few memories from his childhood that he still cherished; he wanted to provide her with the same feelings of wonder.
“Yes, we have reason to believe that Moran is reforming Moriarty’s network. Mr Mitrović, you will know him as Mr. Red, Gregory, has given us reason to believe that the network is reforming, or more accurately that it never broke down as we imagined it would. Our intelligence, as it is, suggests that Moran would be the logical front man for such an operation. There is however another reason this concerns us. Mr. Mitrović during his interview made threats against the family in order to intimidate me into action.”
‘John I fear I will have to be unthinkably rude and make a phone call, it appears we may as well have sent a team of monkeys to do the jobs of this particular branch of Britain’s Security Services, and I say that only after judging by the mess they’ve made,’ Mycroft closes the tablets cover before throwing it onto the table. John’s quietly glad they’ve stopped pretending Mycroft only occupies a minor position in the British government, it makes conversations so much easier without veiled attempts at deception.
“Yes sir, but I’m afraid I have to insist that any information you received remain embargoed until we reach the Manor.”
‘Well if I can’t find the crown I’ll merely be a knight but that’s not as good! Oh and I was thinking we could dress Mina up as Guinevere, I have a cute princess dress somewhere.’ As much as John had been avoiding gendered options for Mina he had to admit she did exceedingly cute on the occasions he allowed Tammy to dress her in the princess outfits she seemed fond of for the little girl. ‘Where is my favourite little one anyway? Did you leave her in her pram or something?’
“I assume…” Mycroft started but Anthea raised her hand to stop him before he began on this occasion.
For three hours he filled out reports, followed up on interviews, spoke to his superiors about potential deals for lower criminals to provide evidence against the high rollers in the organisation. This was his job, moves and countermoves, he didn’t dislike days such as this where he was behind a desk completing the reports necessary for convictions, it was how their justice system worked and he was damn good at working with the system,  what he did dislike however was how data entry provided time for your mind to wander. His night had been filled with dreams that haunted him into the day time, memories of cases he’d never solved, children he’d never saved and one of his closest friends jumping to his death, but his nightmares were not alone in causing his insomnia.
Greg managed an uninterrupted night of sleep revelling when he woke in the softness of the mattress that cradled his body. His morning went downhill quickly. Between dodging calls from lawyers, his wife, the media and unknown numbers, Greg resorted to the hidden box of cigarettes he kept stashed in his car before nine o’clock. The constant calls had become such a frequent feature of his morning that he almost ignored the one that came through from John while he was downing his second cup of coffee. He was glad he didn’t in the end.
He couldn’t help but grin in response to Mrs Hudson’s almost dreamy stare. She watched John and Mina interact and Greg watched as her eyes began to glimmer with unshed tears.
“We’re already arranging for them to be moved and unfortunately separated. We’re going to have to watch them more closely to ensure they’re not communicating with the members of Mitrović’s team still on the ground. Also worth noting I’m going to kick Seaman’s ass for smoking while on a job.”
“Denise, I need you to come in here. We need to have a conversation and it needs to be now.” Greg was done waiting for this nightmare to be over, he wanted to be allowed to find and bask in the happiness and love of his friends and family and potentially the excitement of a new love.  Greg strained to hear the words his wife was muttering as she trudged back down the three stairs she had alighted between her entrance and Greg’s words.
“How are you doing, Detective Inspector?” Mrs Hudson asked as they meandered between flower beds. For the life of him Greg couldn’t figure out why Mrs Hudson staunchly refused to use his first name. She sometimes referred to him as “the fine DI Lestrade” but never by simply Greg.
‘John I would seriously suggest you focus on a name, it was distressing you earlier that people kept referring to her as ‘The Girl’ or ‘The Child’ so pick one, she is young enough that the change, although strange, should not cause her any great distress and if she is able to communicate her unknown name to us later on well then, but I must admit I think the estimate of her age is wrong Detective Inspector’
The adults in the clip are clapping and exclaiming, in the video John knows Mina moves her hand up to cover his mouth, she wasn’t fond of loud noises, even pleasant ones such as laughter,
“But the Knight knows that sometimes we keep our fear hidden deep inside because we don’t want to upset other people and so he tells the Princess, his beautiful little girl, ‘I love you more than the moon, I love you more than the stars, I love you more than the very air I breathe because you have my heart and I will keep you safe forever and ever.’”
‘Yes sir, I mean Greg, I’m fine, I was just thinking, maybe we could get a drink tonight, I would quite like to discuss something with you but it seems awkward amongst our colleagues’
‘Doctor Watson, you shouldn’t worry, you’re not starting from zero and I don’t think she’ll know many foods. You’ll learn together and most toddlers are picky so if she doesn’t like something she simply won’t eat it.’
‘Yes I imagine they’ll have a great deal to say and do but we all know someone who can make that process a lot smoother.’ The threat had been thinly veiled, but Greg had to try something, in truth he would have very little time to put his preferred plan into action, and he knew he would not be able to do it alone, he needed help, help from someone with enough power to control government departments for example.
I've been stuck somewhere between a heavy workload, family drama and moving that writing has just taken a back seat and that will likely continue for at least a month while I get my life back together but honestly your feedback keep me coming back and opening the file this story is saved as in my computer. This story will get finished, there's more to come.
‘John there is nothing for you to apologise about, I had not realised the extent to which a few facts would affect my mother. I am not,’
Outside their door the house was still wide awake. Mrs. Hudson had wandered into the kitchen, ingratiating herself with the staff John was sure. Mycroft and Greg had tucked themselves away in the dining room which was quickly amassing pages of intelligence and detailed maps of gang movements and drug routes across the globe. Anthea was amassing the collective intelligence agencies held on Moriarty’s network and the man at the centre of it: Sebastian Moran.
‘I dunno but I have too, Han and Peter as well, they went home together a little while after you were whisked away. Dropped me off at home first, Mrs Heather my neighbour, the nice one with the cat, she’s looking after me, fuss and love and cats, what could be better.’
‘Understood John. Good evening.’ He paused in the doorway before striding back to where John was still nestled on the floor with his daughter. Mycroft crouched in front of her, speaking to her he smiled gently, ‘Goodnight Mina, be good for your father and I will see you tomorrow.’ With that he left to climb into one of his ever present black cars.
“Yes I’m afraid so. Poor manners are not the worst of his crimes, although I quite agree they are distasteful.”
‘Uncertain sir, we are not in communication with the doctors regarding the case. We can find you one of the Doctors though,’
“Alright, a little on the posh side for what I would go with but it works. So yes, it’s been a bit of a joke and I’ve not been happy. I think everyone knows that, even me.”
“Honestly, Greg, it was right in the middle of Moriarty and the day Mycroft told me was the day you came to get Sherlock on that kidnapping case, and we all know how well that went.”  Greg’s cringe made it clear that he did remember entirely; the investigation, the warrant, the attempted arrest, John’s attack on the Chief Superintendent.
“For God sake Greg spit it out,” John said, snapping his fingers slightly at his friend to get him to move along. Greg had been known to circle around a point for half an hour while they shared a pint before.
‘I’m not asking about your medical training, I’m asking about what experience you have caring for children, raising them, being a parent effectively. Just being a doctor isn’t enough, you need to know how to provide this child with a home Mr Watson.’
“So the Prince did what the Dragon said and he left the Knight all alone. The Knight was very sad and all of his friends were very worried because the Knight had discovered the secret but it was too late. The Prince was gone and he thought now there was no one for him to love, but he was wrong.”
The sound of the front door opening causes him to raise his gun once more, he points it at the head of the stairs until he sees the profiles of the two agents, Anthea, the only member of Mycroft’s staff he knows on sight, spares him a look before entering the living room with her gun raised, a bald man John vaguely recognises enters behind her, he hears them move through the rooms quickly, the bald man entering Sherlock’s bedroom while Anthea climbs the stairs towards him, he’s lowered his gun so it would no longer place a kill shot but he refuses to loosen his hold on the weapon, he also refuses to move from his place in front of Mina’s door. Anthea stands seven steps beneath him and merely observes. The house is silent until the other agent reappears;
“Not like this,” he says quietly, his eyes portraying his sadness and apology. He hopes Sherlock can see that it isn’t a refusal of the feelings, just the circumstance that he’s placed them in.
Sherlock’s head tilts in innocent confusion, asking a question of his own, “What is the point of pretending to love someone that you don’t? When my potion wears off, the truth is still there: that I love you. It isn’t the potion making the feeling, it’s the potion making me
Flashback to Sherlock in a restaurant, wearing his hospital gown and still attached to a drip. Magnussen comes in and Sherlock strikes a deal with him: his brother (well, his laptop, anyway) in exchange for an invitation to Appledore. Sherlock takes his glasses, thinking the information about people shows on the lenses, like a computer.
Sherlock shakes his head before nudging their freezing noses together in a quick Eskimo kiss, “Don’t stop,” he whispers in return, a plea.
“Ah, Mr. Holmes,” Inspector Jones greeted with false pleasantry, never having taken much of a liking to my companion.
He follows the pair to Angelo’s, and Sherlock’s determination settles more solidly in his chest. This is completely unacceptable and something clearly needs to change. So, whether he actually believes this will work or not, Sherlock is going to damn-well
“Would you like me to earn it?” He asked his last question with a predatory growl before sucking and kissing the juncture of neck and shoulder.
“John wouldn’t let me watch him. It was either you or my brother and...well...I’d rather be ignorant of what deviance my brother indulges in,” Sherlock explained cooly, “So, come on,” he gestured vaguely towards the sofa cushion still covering Lestrade’s modesty, “on with it.”
“Penis?” Sherlock finished, opening his eyes to look at John condescendingly now, covering his own nerves with the harsher emotion, “Honestly, John, you’re a
"Dammit Sherlock, I have to try. Don't you understand that? I have to try and save you. I couldn't before, but I'll be damned if I don't try now. You've got to stay awake, OK? What are your injuries?"
He was suddenly shaking from both emotion and the cold, breezy November night. He wanted nothing more than to bury himself against John and forget everything, just revel in his warmth and the safety of his arms.
The night stretched on. It was tense. Sherlock's heart stopped, that's what they told John when he asked them how the surgery had gone. Sherlock had died. For real. And then he'd been dragged back to life, almost like the universes sick joke. The doctor's worked on him into the early hours of the next morning. All John could do was pace and wait for news. Good or bad.
John's fists clenched by his side. "Why? Why are you doing this? Sherlock has been in hospital plenty of times. You never showed up. You never cared before. Why now? Why after all those times are you here?"
He rode with Sherlock clutching his beloved friends hand as though his own life depended on it. Were they friends anymore? John didn't even know. The whole dynamic of their relationship had changed so drastically. John had really thought that he'd hated Sherlock. For days he'd tossed and turned in bed despising the man. But now… Sherlock had told him that he loved him…had actually said those words.
John looked like he'd been crying, eyes wet and bright. Sherlock wondered silently whether he had a minute left to spare. His felt like death barely warmed over.
John was grieving over the man that he thought he had lost. The man that he was certain he'd seen die right in front of his very eyes. He could still see the blood on the pavement, could feel the lack of pulse beneath his fingertips, could feel the moment his heart was ripped to shreds. And he was hurting because the man he'd seen die had the audacity to turn up unannounced like it was
"I am… concerned." Mycroft said after a moment. "I had not been anticipating this. I could not see the obvious, and therefore I was blind sighted into thinking Sherlock was safe."
He'd watched John save people's lives time and time again, so he knew that he should know what to do in the case of a stabbing. This wasn't the first time Sherlock had been stabbed, of course. There had been his torture in Serbia, but he hadn't been alone back there. There had been a medical team waiting to save him, and his brother too.
As he walked through the entrance to the restaurant, he was not expecting to be so severely effected. That changed the moment his eyes sought out John. It was like time stopped, and so utterly taken aback was he by seeing him, that he was forced to take a step back and do a double take.
“John,” the reassuring baritone resonated from close by. Frustratingly, the man the voice belonged to was not in John’s line of sight. Nonetheless that didn’t stop the pang of relief he felt.
Mycroft was too caught up over the possible terrorist attack hanging over London. It was also unlikely that Mycroft's people knew where he was. Sherlock had chosen his location to get high specifically because no CCTV cameras had access to it. Not even Mycroft's bright assistant - what was it today?- Anthea? Amy? Not even she would be able to arrive with help in time.
Sherlock didn't feel like going to 221B by himself, and John couldn't return to where he was staying because it was Mary's flat. They were both at a loss as to what to do now that it was just them.
Now that he was starting to drift into consciousness, he was becoming more aware of pain, the synapses in his brain catching up with the network of nerves in his body. He couldn’t decipher where the pain was originating from. His shoulder pulsed insistently, but he dismissed that particular pain as unimportant. His rotator cuff always bothered him. The group of muscles and tendons that linked his humerus to his scapulae were royally fucked. It didn’t take much to irritate the puckered scar that he hid so carefully beneath his wool jumpers. He’d become so accustomed to the dull ache in his shoulder that he’d learned to push it to the back of his mind. It never went away or ceased to cause him hassle, but it had faded in its intensity over time.
Sherlock was tired, so exhausted by trying to stay alive, and his eyes were beckoning him to sleep. A few seconds of kip wouldn't hurt, might make the process a little less painful even. His eyes fluttered shut and his entire body fell limp, pale fingers uncoiling around the useless material of his scarf.
There were people yelling at them. Waiters trying to pull them apart. Even Mary - who had been watching from a distance horrified - tried to get them to peel away from one another.
"Sherlock," That one word was heavy with warning. It said "if you don't stay away, bloody Sherlock Holmes, I'll deck you again."
He ignored his phone when it bleeped.  It was Mary asking him where he was and Sarah rebuking him for not being.  John didn't care. Mary could wait until this nightmare was over. Sarah would just have to deal with one more day without him. Right now Sherlock was the only patient that John could bring himself to care about.
Sherlock sniffled and didn't deny it. "Death is as horrid as they say. Worse even. It hurts. Crying is a natural reaction. It's very human. Isn't that what you always wanted me to be? More human."
More concerning was the sharp, hot stabbing sensation that spread partially across his chest and upper ribcage. That type of pain was consistent with fractured or broken ribs. His breathing was shallower than normal, as his lungs struggled to draw in and expel oxygen. He daren’t attempt to sit up. Without medical attention there was no way of telling how much damage he’d attained. If the impact had been powerful enough to break his bones, there was a risk that he was bleeding internally too. However, if he didn’t move there was an equal chance that he’d die of hypothermia.
