"Of course–" John began. "Oh. The murdered man from yesterday." He'd suspected that and thought guiltily of the flash drive he'd stowed in one of the desk drawers, out of sight of any potentially curious eyes.
Darkness wavered around him as consciousness ebbed in and out, slipping away from him until he got ahold of it, tugging against its resistance, pulling himself mercilessly away from blissful oblivion to the jolting, uncomfortable present.
Sherlock awoke the next morning to an otherwise empty bed, but without the oppressive atmosphere that suggested John was still annoyed with him. Whatever irritation the doctor had felt had worked itself out with all of the knots in Sherlock's muscles; he barely managed to repress a groan as he pushed himself gingerly to standing. John's intense massages always left him feeling like putty the next day.
Sam had actually managed to make it home from that crime scene before throwing up everything he'd eaten that day and then sitting on the floor of the bathroom for half an hour just to make sure he wasn't going to get sick again. He'd sent an email to his boss saying he was taking a sick day the following day, had taken one of his strong sleeping pills and slept for twelve hours. When he'd awoken in the middle of the day on Thursday, feeling groggy, dehydrated, and nauseous, Sandra had been sitting cross-legged on their bed, watching him intently.
"No." It wasn't a guess, it wasn't just a possibility – he was certain Georges had nothing to do with this. He was a man trapped by a family he didn't know and
"And just do whatever you want me to do?" John asked, arching an eyebrow. The expression on Sherlock's face told him he was exactly right. "You'd get bored of me if I were around all the time. When I'm not around all the time, you look forward to having me home. It works."
"Shit," he heard her mutter, coming to an abrupt stop. John went another two steps, forcing himself to slow down enough to see what had caught her attention. It should have been an outline of a person – Sherlock coming toward them through the shadows – but it was brighter than that, flickering as it inched toward them.
Mary sighed, lacing her fingers together, elbows resting on her desk to bracket the file in front of her.
The presence of accompanying constables annoyed him; Sherlock ignored them in retaliation and out of habit. Tuned his mind to Hassard's voice and no others. She was clever enough, he supposed, but stubborn in that familiar way of a high ranking police officer who also happened to be an eldest child.
"You have a history of simply walking away when you're angry," Sherlock pointed out, his tone cold. John drew a deep breath but nodded again.
“Are you sure about this?” Gabriel asked, green eyes fixed intently on Sherlock, who broke the gaze briefly, a small concession to resignation.
Donovan recognized Morgan easily enough and it seemed the other inspector had been doing her homework, because her eyes found Donovan through the crowds at Gatwick. She was shorter than Donovan had expected, but her auburn hair and dark eyes were familiar from the file photos the DI had accessed.
"So I am!" John said, feigning surprise that made her giggle again. "And because I'm a doctor, I think I can say that you, little lady, look perfectly healthy to me."
Whatever celebrity they had in the UK apparently didn't extend to France – they were waved through customs by a disinterested agent who glanced only sparingly at their British passports and asked no questions. John wondered – privately – if the lack of attention would put Sherlock off just as much as its overabundance, but there was a determined spring to his partner's step.
a coincidence like that happen. He knows, and if he knows, he’s holding it over her. Which means she knows, too.”
"No," Sherlock said, shaking his head sharply when John drew a breath for a retort. "Not coincidence, John, just bad timing. She knows us, she knows the case, and she's Harry's girlfriend. She has every reason to stop by."
He settled into his chair and flipped on the telly, finding something fairly mindless to watch while he ate, keeping an ear on Sherlock's work. After a while, Sherlock came into the living room with some stains on his fingers but no obvious burns, and picked up his phone before sitting down.
"Do you want some tea?" he asked, because he thought it might annoy her. The flare of her nostrils told him he was right and John felt an absurd flash of triumph. He knew it was a bit childish but it was kind of fun nonetheless. If she was going to come into his home and discomfit him, he could at least return the favour a little bit.
Sherlock stalked away again, pulling his phone out of his pocket as John finished eating. The doctor rinsed their dishes and put the leftovers in the fridge, thinking about ringing some old army mates and going for a pint. It might be nice to get out of the disaster zone he called his home.
He grinned again and checked for more notes in the living room but none were immediately visible, so he went into the kitchen. He opened the cupboard where the tea was kept and, sure enough, there was a note on the small sugar tin. He pulled the tin down and set it on the counter and took the note from it but didn't read it right away. John studied the old tin – he didn't remember where or when he'd first got it. It had just been a tin in which he'd put sugar, not something he'd ever given much thought to. It was odd to think that so small a thing had started everything they had now. Because the sugar tin had been empty and they'd been out of sugar altogether, Sherlock had barged up to John's room, shirtless, and demanded John stop playing games with him. And he had – of course – noted the way John had looked at him.
John shuffles a bit closer to him. “I’ve told you before—Rosie very clearly adores you. And I…” He drops his right hand down to Sherlock’s chest and trails his index finger down the button row of his purple shirt in a teasing, barely-there touch. “I love you,” he continues, his voice dropping to a low rumble. “And seeing you in this shirt drives me absolutely mad.”
He’s never tumbled over the edge this hard and sudden before – it’s a bit like fainting, he thinks, surprised, when it hits him and sweeps him away.
"Fuck," John breathes and licks Sherlock's earlobe, sucks it into his mouth and bites down on it before releasing it again. "You feel
, John thought, keeping his eyes open. The idea was too appealing, to curl up in bed next to Sherlock, all of that warmth against him, around him.
He left the room and left the door open. Sherlock didn't care – as long as more idiots didn't come in to interrupt him, it didn't matter who overheard.
I checked the ground floor flat, just be sure. Sherlock's got some of his rubbish down there now, so you never know. Nope. Went upstairs, figured I'd watch some telly and have a beer.
Sandra flicked her flour-covered fingers at him. Sam coughed as he inhaled the fine powder and pulled away, laughing. Sandra slipped out his grasp and turned around, waving the small bottle she'd been holding in her left hand threateningly at him.
the one who had to carry you inside and stayed up half the night to make sure you kept breathing! You do
"No," Sherlock replied, displeased by John's surprise, logical though it was. Neither of them had known, back then, what was coming. To John, both Sherlock and the Woman had been dead. To Sherlock, she'd existed merely in the background then, unimportant compared to the threat to John's life, the electronic history contained on her mobile irrelevant to dismantling Moriarty's network.
He had been three years old, she had been thirty-one. He was stunned by how young she looked. He couldn't remember this, but he had some hazy, half-recollected images of her from his early childhood.
"I don't know what to do now," he admitted, hating saying it. Hating admitting that weakness in front of her – and she'd seen him at his worst before – unconscious and then blind and immobile.
But they had maths together and she helped him with a problem one day and he'd told her she was brilliant. Sandra had smiled and thanked him and he'd found her after the class was over and asked her if she wanted to go to the cinema with him. He even let her pick the film.
, he told himself firmly. Fixing that in his mind, he returned to the living room, gave Sam his tea and sat down, his own tea cradled between his hands. Sam fiddled his spoon, stirring his tea absently. Sherlock crossed his right leg over his left and leaned back a bit in his chair, eyes flickering away from his friend, skimming over the telly, the books, the DVDs.
John sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose carefully. He was beginning to wish he'd never called her – none of this meant anything to him.
It came as a shock to realise he had no desire to have Mycroft die on him, despite how much Sherlock enjoyed when his brother wasn't meddling in his life. Nor could he imagine what it would be like if his only immediate biological relative was his father. It would be like having no family left at all.
"No," Sherlock said again. Even if he'd been uncertain about the rest of the details, he was certain about this. Mary's actions spoke for her: two madmen faded into nothing more than memory when they became too unpredictable to be assets.
"Benjamin Laurence, Minister of State for the Secretary of State for Defence," Mycroft replied in a hard voice.
Now, John hoped he hadn't kept it for the same reasons he'd kept the cufflinks, the ticket stubs and the photograph.
"I'll call the BBC in the morning," she said. "And send a sketch artist over to St. Tom's. Get the phone lines all sorted tonight."
"No, I'm not listening to any of this, not right now," Sam muttered, shaking his head and pulling away from Sandra gently. "I'm going for a walk." He stalked to the door, grabbed his keys, then turned back to face his wife, pulling his phone from his pocket.
“You can’t–” Sherlock began, pursing his lips angrily when John cut him off by clearing his throat softly. He subsided, grudgingly, and John wasn’t surprised when the subject came up almost immediately in the cab.
He was currently in a pub on a small street just off of Camberwell Road in Southwark, nursing a beer, a small pile of shopping bags resting on the seat beside him. The pub was dim and cosy and someone had taken some pains to decorate it with red and gold garlands. He was still debating how to do so when the server came with his fish and chips. The smell of greasy, deep fried food was a welcome one after the chilly air outside and he smiled.
There was something in Sherlock's expression – surprise or some hint of vulnerability – that startled John.
"Must be my mistake," John replied. "Of course neither of you would sidle around whatever it is, trading posh insults and snobbish snide comments until you finally wound your way to the point."
"First, that was years ago," John countered, taking off his jacket. He saw Sherlock's lips twitch upward. "Second, she works at St. Mary's and you know that. Third, she's not the only nurse in the NHS."
They went to the beach a final time on their last day in Frontignan and John tied up the two side walls of the cabana so he could sit in the filtered sun and watch Sherlock swim in the Mediterranean. He'd made Sherlock weigh himself that morning, which had been accompanied by grumbling that he knew how much weight he'd regained. Four pounds in total – John was impressed. He hoped Sherlock could keep it on when they got back to London and he went back to work. Even after all these years, his tendency not to eat when he was working won out far more often than not. John would just have to be diligent – Sherlock wasn't good at paying attention to anything else when he was working and the doctor didn't expect that to change. At least now he thought he had a shot of getting his husband to listen when he put his foot down.
those bodies! I saw Kelsi Murray's little skeleton come out of the ground! I saw Laurence and Kenton dead in their homes and Brace all over the road! I saw all of that! But that isn't why you're doing this! You're doing this because he's playing a clever little game!"
Briefly, John wondered how Adler had managed to nab Bridget – had whatever message she'd received while they'd been waiting on Mycroft been faked?
The guards let David pass without comment but Sherlock and John had their identifications checked again, both by the military police and the Met officers. While they were waiting, Angela emerged with her son. She gave Sherlock and John an appraising glance – Sherlock ensured she could read nothing in his expression but John was probably giving away any number of hints.
Still it took time; those he'd plucked from the wreckage of Jim's empire weren't good at trust, especially not when Jim's name came up again, nothing more than a whisper, but as good as a threat to them. Sherlock was patient, always aware of the clock ticking down the hours and minutes at the back of his mind, but waiting paid off.
And John would love watching it, soaring on the same post-case high, the same sense of victory over someone who had dared to take something that wasn't theirs.
Frustration faded quickly to uncertainty. This was too close to the anger that had been directed his way when he'd returned to London. The sudden fear that he'd regained everything he'd lost only to see it slip away again made the words stick in Sherlock's throat.
"He should be – I'm a particularly interesting person. In that alone, at least, he has good taste. Mycroft, this is a
"She didn't do anything to me, John – unless you consider her set up with Moriarty as also aimed at me, although I doubt that was her motive. She just wanted him gone. I was a tool to help her get what she wanted – so yes, I suppose, she did do that to me, but Moriarty had to be stopped regardless."
Sam looked back out over the river and smiled. He remembered Sandra the first time he'd met her at St. Mary's, in her scrubs, her blond hair pulled back into a sensible ponytail. He remembered how she'd smiled at him, a certain light in her blue eyes. He'd seen that so many times over the past three years that he had almost become used to it. He thought maybe he shouldn't, maybe he should remember to appreciate it each time he saw it.
He stared at her, then recalled that her hearing was going and that she needed a hearing aid but had so far refused to get one.
"I don't know," he said woodenly, then went down the stairs. He was on the pavement and hailing a cab before the door was yanked open behind him.
Sherlock flipped the photograph back over and gazed at his young self and his mother. The album probably hadn't been meant to be up there. Occasionally things got misplaced and ended up in the rambling attics. He would have to take John up there next time they were in Buckinghamshire so he could find it. He was rather good at the maze that constituted their attics, even if John wasn't.
John took the picture from Josephine, sipping his tea, and she picked up an apple slice, munching on it contentedly.
"Nothing," he managed and the hand in his hair was tighter. John choked down a gasp, eyes shut against the sudden flash, against the way the world threatened to tip him over. He could feel the wall so close and didn't think his head could take another impact, not if he wanted to stay conscious.
He smiled to himself and closed his own eyes, dozing off for a bit, enjoying the enforced laziness of a late Saturday morning.
"Thanks," John said, settling on the arm of Sherlock's chair. The detective snaked an arm around his waist, resting his left hand on John's hip in a gesture that was both possessive and defensive, claiming John as his and asserting that John would take his side no matter what. This was generally true, especially with Mycroft, but the doctor at least wanted to get some idea of what was going on.
For a moment it was nothing more than a brush of lips against his, the lack of sensation leaving him reeling, then John deepened the kiss roughly, invading Sherlock's mouth as he pushed them both backwards towards the couch. The backs of Sherlock's calves caught against the leather cushions, John's added weight unbalancing him altogether. He collapsed, the hand on the back of his head making it impossible to break the kiss, grunting when John scrambled on top him. A hand on his chest pushed Sherlock all the way down, and John pulled away, breathing hard and flushed but with a possessive glint in his eyes that made Sherlock's pulse, already hammering, pick up even more.
“You don’t get it, do you?” John asked, raising his head again. A small, wry smile quirked the corners of his lips and he shook his head once. “How do you not know?” he asked, the words dragging Sherlock back immediately, the way John so obviously knew they would. “Sherlock, how do
"Not unless they'd known where to look," Sherlock confirmed. "Ingenious, really. Freely available but utterly inaccessible."
"You can stay out here and stew about it if you want, but I'm done with the subject, and I'm going to bed. Good night."
"You were on your phone earlier – given the length of time, the amount of selections you had to make, and the fact that you had to ask me for Mycroft's card number – again – indicates you had to book something." Sherlock heaved a sigh, in part for show, John knew, but it wasn't entirely feigned. "A tour, I assume. There are a number possibilities – each as tedious as the last, I'll have you know – and I suppose your choice of venue is meant to be the surprise."
He'd moved his laptop and John's to the coffee table and spread out the files on the desk before deciding there wasn't enough room and clearing some space on the kitchen table as well. He'd taken the basic facts sheet for each committee member and fixed them on and around the doors between the kitchen and the living room so he did not have to move back and forth between the rooms on a regular basis. He'd also spread out a map of London on the floor and circled the residences they maintained when they were in the city. Not all of them represented constituencies in London, of course. One of them wasn't an MP but sat in the House of Lords, and Sherlock was unsurprised to learn that his primary residence was in Buckinghamshire, not far from where Sherlock himself had grown up. Another was from Wales, representing part of Cardiff. The other four were MPs for various areas in England. He'd dug out his map of Britain as well and circled their permanent homes for completeness' sake, although he strongly suspected that there would be no connection to places this time. The link lay in their participation on the committee that was investigating the threat against James Murray.
He'd received a text from Sherlock demanding that he come home immediately, right as he was about to start doing the inventory check – the last thing he had to do on his Saturday shift. John had paid the nurse extra out of his own pocket to finish it for him and had run out of the surgery to catch a cab. He'd sent several text messages and left voicemails, trying to get Sherlock to tell him what was going on.
But if Mycroft knew, he was either choosing to let them get away with it, or was waiting to see where this went. Knowing the elder Holmes, it was probably the latter. Spontaneous generosity wasn't particularly his style, especially with his baby brother. If he could leverage this for something in the future, John knew full well that he would.
"Mycroft wouldn't allow you to be so irresponsible, however, and he wouldn't have missed the signs, which means he's aware of whatever caused your distress. I was injured on a case; it stands to reason that you might have suffered something as well, and you never specified my concussion was the only incident that took place. A fire would explain both your coughing – and presumably my lack of coughing, assuming I was unconscious or close to and that you were at least in part responsible for rescuing me. You would have been breathing faster and more deeply when exerting yourself. It also explains my recurring dreams about smoke."
Molly nodded, breaking his gaze to look at the man on the gurney, telling herself not to chew on her lip but catching herself doing it anyway. The flow had been broken; she sought desperately for something to pick it back up.
"I was in the army," John continued. "Afghanistan. About halfway through my second tour there when I got shot in the shoulder then discharged. Came back here to find almost all of my friends here had changed – or I had – and that everyone I really knew well was still over there." He gave a light shrug, almost to dismiss the situations, but he could easily remember how stunned he'd been at how different his old friends had seemed. How unaffected by – almost unaware of – the war they were.
He fixed his attention on John, aware of the way it made his partner shift, uncomfortable with the scrutiny. The doctor's gaze flickered away before being drawn back up by Sherlock's unflinching one, muscles in John's jaw and neck working as he swallowed, steeling himself.
"Yes," Sherlock said, swinging his gaze to John. "And no. It wasn't about anyone's sensibilities. We could have watched the video anywhere, but she wanted us to see it, no one else."
"Maybe I should go to prison," Riley said. "Maybe I did kill him – and that cop twelve years ago. I don't know. I killed a lot of other people."
It irked Sherlock, too, but less so. He had always picked his battles carefully. It was the reason he was here, free and unencumbered in his own home, rather than living as a permanent, uncomfortable guest of the Crown.
John sighed, dropping his head into his hands. He wasn't too proud to admit this would be much easier with Sherlock's help – or if Sherlock were doing it. Frowning, he raised his head and checked the time on his phone. He hadn't heard from Sherlock all day, which was especially surprising considering he'd been out shopping, a time usually accompanied by frequent texts from his husband with instructions and odd requests.
"What could he have on her that was worth selling?" Sherlock asked, watching as the words sunk in, the confusion making John's eyes gleam. "What is the one thing she would go to any lengths to protect?"
"It's Sam," Sandra said. Another shiver trickled down her back, not in warning this time but in cold apprehension. She stilled herself deliberately and forced her muscles to relax with a slow inhalation and exhalation.
John nodded, feeling stuck on the motion, scrambling to keep up as if he were several sentences behind in the conversation – or missing a key piece, which he thought might be true.
He indulged in a long shower and wrapped himself in his favourite pyjamas and dressing gown before settling down in his office to continue working. Sleep was elusive but for the normal reason; he simply didn't need it.
Or rather, they had posed together against a green background, and someone Sherlock paid particularly well had created Mexico around them.
John shuffled into his bathrobe, unable to knot it, and padded into the living room. Sherlock was bent over some experiment at the kitchen table, his blow torch resting worryingly close to his microscope. John decided not to comment on it, and set about making himself tea – which made Sherlock leap up, fussing him into a chair, to take charge of their morning beverages.
He tugged the shirt from Sherlock's trousers, letting it hang open, and brushed his hands over the smooth silk, focusing on Sherlock's nipples. The detective shifted again, jaw tightening briefly, eyes not leaving the laptop screen. The sounds of moans and skin against skin weren't doing much to help John's resolve – without being able to see it, it made him picture Sherlock instead, spread out and tied up, completely at his mercy.
"No!" John snarled, pushing himself away from the gurney, making a sharp, threatening gesture that made Mycroft draw back slightly, fuelling John's anger. "No, Mycroft, don't even try because there's no talking your way out of this one! He's your goddamn brother and she put him in ICU– they
"Let's go," John said, and Sherlock swallowed a retort that they were unlikely to be going anywhere, half clad as they were. John, with remarkable insight, shucked his trousers and pants, padding naked into the bathroom, not even pausing to see if Sherlock would follow.
"Let up!" That was the first voice, closer now, the sound of shoes on the hard ground. "He can't bloody talk like that."
"Not a face you'd forget," he agreed. "And you've seen it before. Several years ago. I believe you were taking a lovely little holiday in the mountains."
Down the hall, the door eased open and Sherlock heard a snatch of voices and phones and radio chatter – the earlier buzz now confined and restrained – before Lestrade shut it gently behind him. He strode over to them and crouched down next to John, eyes darting to Sam, then Sherlock, before settling on the doctor.
"Put your feet up on the arm," he said gently. "I'm going to take your shoes off, is that all right?"
Of course, she’d also been looking for it, and anticipating him staying behind to go through it. As the doctor for Sherlock’s firm, he had every reason and right, of course. Technically, he wouldn’t be Sherlock’s doctor – that was still listed in the file as Michael Stamford – but she doubted that John was concerned with those particular technicalities.
"I dunno, he used his phone," the woman replied and John made a quick note of that. "I never asked. He was quiet, never gave us any problems. Just another regular."
"Fine," Sherlock answered, earning a raised eyebrow from the nurse and a repressed sigh from John. The detective, thankfully, hadn't seemed to notice Mycroft yet – or he was ignoring him – and Sherlock's brother had wisely taken up a seat on the other side of the room, watching silently.
Sherlock could see himself in the middle of all of it, but that scarcely meant anything. By his own design, he was often in the middle of numerous plots – the problem here was that none of this was by his own design.
, he told himself, refocusing on the hardening nubs beneath his fingertips, using the silk for extra friction as he pinched and twisted. Sherlock made another small sound, more of a whimper, and John clucked his tongue when the detective's eyes fluttered shut.
Gabriel accepted a fresh cup of tea from Tina, who disappeared with remarkable efficiency, even for her. He settled onto the plush leather sofa across from the one Cheryl was occupying, leaving both chairs open for Sherlock, who remained firmly behind his desk. Gabriel let the silence stretch for a moment, crossing his bad leg over his good, giving Sherlock an inscrutable look over his tea cup.
They'd ended up coming back to the villa the previous night because John's shoulder couldn't handle sleeping in one of the lounge chairs – he doubted his back and neck would be happy with it either. Sherlock had wanted to stay out all night but as much as John liked the idea, he knew it wasn't happening. Not with the set up they had last night. Sherlock had been determined to right this perceived wrong. Now they had what amounted to make-shift bed – and it would probably be more comfortable than some of the beds on which John had slept in Afghanistan. One of the other staff members had been despatched not long before they headed down with a basket of food – a baguette, Brie, Camembert and fruit.
"No, I don't buy it," John said, army stubbornness welling up. "You don't give in this easily, Sherlock. You went up against Jim Moriarty, so why not Magnussen?"
Sarraf was killed, but why Douglas? Why this whole thing with the tunnels and the body switching and the puzzles? If– if she wanted them out of the way, there had to be an easier way than this. It doesn't make sense."
he wanted to say, certain that Sherlock had caught the words in his expression even when he pursed his lips against them. A decision Mycroft hated – but one both he and Sherlock's brother should have seen coming. Would have, if they'd had the right information.
“You never cease to amaze me,” I reply as I lower my heels back to the floor. Then I reach up to tuck a wayward curl behind his ear. “But we might as well shout it from the rooftops then. You know every wall at the Yard has ears.”
“Only a week? We’d better…” he leans away, a look of panic flashing over his features. “John, I was thinking perhaps we could borrow a corpse from Bart’s and—”
He comes with a deep, drawn-out moan that fights its way out of his throat to increase in volume until he's bellowing out John's name along with a garbled curse, and he's got absolutely no control anymore, not over his voice, and not over his body either, which is convulsing beneath John's hands as the other man holds down his hips and swallows everything he has to give with groan after shameless groan of relish and pride.
,” John adds and gets on his toes to press his lips against Sherlock’s in a long, tender kiss, his eyes sliding shut out of their own accord.
John’s heart is hammering against his ribs as if it wants to burst out of his chest. Struggling to fill his lungs with oxygen, he stops thrusting, but stays buried inside Sherlock’s body, not ready to let go yet. Sherlock slings one long leg around his thighs and keeps him there, obviously approving of the idea of staying entwined a bit longer.
My mouth pulls itself into a smile so wide that it makes my cheeks hurt, but I cannot control the muscles of my face. I do not think I have ever been this happy before - law, society, and danger be damned.
not good at stuff like this. Being on the receiving end of a compliment throws him off balance, and that the compliment is coming from Sherlock, the coolest, most analytical person he's ever met, makes it all the more confusing.
After dinner, John and Sherlock do the dishes together. Rosie, on John’s orders, goes and puts on her pyjamas and brushes her teeth, and fifteen minutes later they are all settled comfortably on the sofa, watching
Mary likes him, she says. John can't see how she possibly can, knowing what he did to him, John – her
“I am not a man of words, as you are well aware,” I eventually manage to elaborate, and it is hard work to keep my voice steady. There is no turning back now. “I lack the finesse required to express myself in matters like this. I can only tell you about what pains me, and about what I regret. I regret so many things, Holmes. I should have been braver. I should have listened to my heart when it told me what I knew all along, deep inside - that if I ever had to live without you, my soul would die. I should have admitted it to myself before I got married. I should have acknowledged it after Reichenbach, or later, when you returned from the dead. But I was a coward. I had you within arm's reach, and yet I never found the courage to take that last step and--- touch. Because I---
His arm sneaks out from under his blanket and he lets it dangle down the side of the bed. His fingers make a grabbing motion, and I realise I'm supposed to take his hand.
“You’re beautiful, too,” Sherlock says earnestly. He bends down to kiss John’s bullet scar, and John immediately gets so lost in the sensation that he nearly forgets where he is. “John,” Sherlock exhales, his breath tickling the mangled skin.
He doesn't like her face all that much, but it's better than the vision that's been haunting him for a while now – especially at night.
“Do you think we’d be together if Mary hadn’t died?” Sherlock asks, stopping his approach, keeping a careful, safe distance between himself and John.
John's body is accommodating to the intrusion and stretches around it until Sherlock's all the way inside, and only when he's embedded up to the hilt does John come back to his senses and realises that the younger man is panting, sucking in frantic gulps of air, his voice catching in his throat on every exhale. He's trembling all over. John wraps his arms around his back.
“Okay, I’m ready now,” he says, sits down in his chair, and looks into the camera. “Hello, John. I’m sorry I’m not there at the moment. I’m very busy. However, many happy returns.”
This time, there are tongues involved, or John’s tongue, to be more precise, at least at first. Sherlock seems to find it difficult to catch on, and John’s heart skips a beat when he realises that this might very well be Sherlock’s first experience of this kind.
Sherlock nods vigorously, his bottom lip drawn between his teeth, his fingers twisting in the sheet he’s lying on. John grins again.
talk, Sherlock," he demands lowly, a hint of self-loathing glinting in his eyes. "If we’re really doing this, I
It takes only two more thrusts to have him follow Sherlock with a groan that echoes off the tiled walls, and he desperately tries to feel every tiny facet of the moment – Sherlock in his arms, trembling through the aftershocks of his orgasm, the way his body is still clenching and throbbing around him, the slick heat of his own seed, enveloping him as he moves through the waves of his peak. Sherlock's breath, his voice. The way he smells and tastes.
The last word and the stress Sherlock puts on it send a jolt of arousal right between John’s legs. He can’t breathe. What’s going on? Why isn’t he stopping this; why isn’t he already running from the flat and home to the woman he’s going to marry in a few days? Why is he more turned on than he can remember, more than ever,
don't delete this," he gasps after a particularly intense encounter between Sherlock's fingertip and what appears to be John's prostate. "It's really---
"Look. It's just a painting that looks a bit like her," John says when they're right in front of it, and to demonstrate, he reaches out and touches it with his free hand.
He swallows thickly, the sound of it clearly audible in the otherwise silent room. His lips open as if he wanted to speak, but no words come out.
Sherlock returns the smile without turning his head, looking every bit the handsome hero in a black-and-white crime movie, and John has trouble containing himself.
, why be "married to your work" when you've got a body like that and ebony curls any hand would love to bury itself in and a voice that was practically made for sighing sweet filthy nothings into a lover's ear?
"John, stop it." He looks at me and pushes his upper body off the bed, supporting himself on his forearms. "I’m
Without another word, Sherlock turns and leads him through the living room, then into the hall and towards his bedroom. He follows, his heart beating wildly.
” I say. “This is more important to me than anything has ever been. It… has never felt like this before. I want to do it right.”
Now that they're lying side by side in John's bed, Sherlock in his striped pyjamas, only the bottom half of his body covered by the duvet, John feasts his eyes on him, and the knowledge that he’s allowed to do so now, that he could probably do it when his friend – his
After a long while I manage to look up, and he smiles down at me with the most loving, tender expression I have ever seen playing around his kaleidoscope eyes.
John cries out and Sherlock tongue-kisses the side of his neck, and then he notices that John’s hands are clutching the bedsheet again,
"I need you," he murmurs against the wet flesh still pulsing against his lips. "Say you want this. Please."
"However," Sherlock continues, and that small word alone takes some of John's anxiety away, "I've never met anybody like you, John. So there's no data with which I could compare this--- whatever this is."
Sherlock wishes he knew what has brought about this change in him, what has become of John "Not Gay!" Watson, but knows he'll never find the courage to ask. Putting it all into words might break this spell, and he's too lucky to have this now to risk losing it by over-thinking John's motives. It's selfish, he knows, and dangerous, but he'll take what he can get, for however long it lasts.
, and puts more of his weight on John to give him more friction, his teeth scraping the skin behind John's ear, his breath loud and irregular, his movements becoming more and more urgent.
He gets up shakily. His side hurts as if something heavy had collided with it, but he doesn't recall the incident.
“Only if you do us the honour of sitting down and eating with us,” he answers and gets up. “And I think our Watson here needs something stronger than tea. If you’d be so kind to prepare the food, I’ll go and concoct a brandy and soda for the patient.”
, now, and he's stroking me slowly, his wrist caught in the waistband of my silk boxers. His fingers are strong, but gentle. He knows exactly what I need.
Shutting out the memories this evokes (he's buried them in the farthest corner of his mind palace), Sherlock swallows and runs his hand through John's hair, again and again, and he's not even sure who that's supposed to calm down - John or himself.
“I like your moustache,” he murmurs, using his fingertips to trace its shape. “It feels… interesting when we kiss. I’m curious to see if it will feel as good everywhere else.”
"Better?" Sherlock thrusts deeply, long, lazy strokes that make him tingle all over and want moremore
She kneels down beside him and gingerly prods his neck with her fingertips. He flinches and tries to evade the touch, his hands clawing at thin air, spasming in pain. There's the taste of blood in his mouth, warm and metallic, and he wonders if he's bitten his tongue.
John grinned – of course Sherlock would refuse to stay under the same roof as his brother. But he agreed. John couldn't imagine staying with Mycroft and Angela. It would be far too weird.
Sam made it to the car and managed to get seated in the back before he folded in on himself. John ordered Sherlock into the front – he would have preferred it be Sherlock sitting the back with Sam, but the Interpol agent needed a doctor right now, not just a friend. As it was, Sherlock only buckled up because Lestrade snapped at him to do so, but he slipped the chest strap under his shoulder so he could twist himself around and see into the back of the car.
Only Sherlock, he thought, could take offense at a French person speaking French in France because he'd had the audacity to do so in front of John.
"Oh," he murmured, his voice laced with sleep and analgesics. "I remember you. You were here– earlier."
William's body was whole, not because Mycroft or Sherlock would have objected to their father being an organ donor, but he had died in his sleep, a heart attack, and had not been found by the staff for some hours. By that point, it had been far too late.
He became aware that Sam was no longer sitting in front of him but now in the kitchen, uninvited, pulling open cupboards and then the fridge. Sherlock turned his head toward the sound and simply watched; he could make out Sam moving about but didn't know what he was cooking.
He didn't have to open his eyes or extricate himself from the pillows to know his muffled (and annoyingly, somewhat slurred) words were being directed at his brother. Vaguely, Sherlock wondered if there was some means of harnessing the patronizing, put-upon concern his brother exuded – it could probably power a large swath of London.
, to an interesting case, one that might have made him really think – only to run up against a wall immediately.
, and he'd seen it settling in, catching it in the way Sherlock glanced at him sometimes, as if surprised by something, or coming to terms with a new, startling, idea.
"Ha," John muttered, pinching Sherlock's hip before adjusting himself into a more comfortable position, drawing the covers over them. "Dublin this weekend it is. But I get to pick the next date night."
it. I did ask. She said yes. And," he added indignantly, "My equipment does not count as 'toys'. It is expensive and delicate and, in the wrong hands, could cause considerable damage."
He raised an eyebrow and she circled the bed, looking sadly at the two men lying there, and tapped the bin with her foot.
He never intended to get married, but if it ever came to that with John, Sherlock was determined to avoid at least that particular trapping.
"I don't know," John admitted. "Someone you know? A family member, a friend?" He hesitated, shaking his head, but plunged on. "The person who did this to you?"
Sherlock never meant it. And normally, John could just shrug it off. But he was getting tired of being reminded that compared to the great Sherlock Holmes, John Watson had the intellectual capacity a toddler in a sandbox.
"Johnny," she said in a tone that told him she thought he was being thick. "Of course I have. We discussed it together. It's not a decision I can make on my own, you know. But he agrees with me. It's the best option, really. And hopefully it will never be necessary."
The server pressed fingers against her forehead, then raked them through her short brown hair, frowning in concentration.
it when it gets too warm to wear the coat – he's got no to collar to flip up!) Anyway it was dead quiet – and not the kind of dead that worries me with Sherlock – so I figured he'd gone out on some case. Or, if I was really lucky, actual errands.
Whatever Irene needed to know, despite all of her resources, she wasn't going to learn it at arm's length.
He padded into the living room to find Sherlock sat in his chair, dressed in his comfortingly odd combination of suit and dressing gown. When John settled across from him, Sherlock rose, bending down for a swift kiss, and vanished into the kitchen, only to reappear a few minutes later with a cup of tea.
It had been three years, with no sign of him returning to spread his gleeful madness – John was sure Sherlock had something to do with that, and had often wondered, darkly, exactly how far someone would have to go to keep Jim Moriarty under control.
"It doesn't take you more than fifteen minutes once you've washed it, dried it, and done something with it," John agreed. "Then it's fifteen minutes of fussing to make it look like you don't have to put any effort into it. I'm not as inobservant as you think," he added when Sherlock shot him a glare that had no real bite to it.
"Stop right there!" he heard Sherlock yell at him the moment they were through the door. He halted abruptly behind the corporal, looking up. His husband was at the top of a set of curving stairs gripping the railing with nitrile-gloved hands and leaning forward. Mycroft was standing beside him, looking intensely displeased.
Irene studied both girls as Claire gave her all of the details: the girls' roles as angels, how beautiful they'd both been, how wonderful the performance had been that year.
The messages on the backs of the postcards were fairly generic, written in a lazy scrawl, all in French. There seemed to be some genuine affection there, the type Sherlock would associate with someone who wasn't trying to leave a dead family behind, who thought fondly of her cousin and would send a small note about a place she'd describe in more detail later.
, he replied curtly. He could take what his brother so obviously disdained and make it a strength, an advantage.
He traced the fingertips of his left hand along the bottom of Sherlock's ribs. They were more prominent now and the image made his smile fade. He knew better than to try not to let it show – Sherlock would notice regardless and if John attempted to hide it, it would only make Sherlock defensive. Sherlock watched him seriously now, the smile gone, the light in his eyes somewhat dimmed.
"No, Doctor Watson, I don't," Morgan replied, returning her gaze to him, expression cool. She studied him quietly for a moment that was too long to be comfortable, but spoke over him when John drew a breath to say something.
"No," Sam said quietly. He didn't want to trade everything he had, only the worst of it. Not Sandra. "I can't do this anymore, Marian. I'm exhausted. I just want it to stop."
"Hmm," Sam said, resting his chin on her shoulder, pretending to contemplate it. "I'll go with 'or not'."
John stared at Sherlock then dropped his head into his hand and began to chuckle helplessly. He knew it wasn't even that funny, but he was tired and hungry and needed something to break the tension. He raised his head again when he felt Sherlock's hand curl over his and tug gently.
Now Sherlock was wearing a light t-shirt and a pair of light linen pants that rolled up and buttoned mid-calf. When John had asked, Sherlock had commented that he wasn't planning on swimming, but John knew that was only half of the story. He was still feeling self-conscious about how thin he was – despite the fact that John had seen him several times now without clothing and no one else could see them without binoculars. It made the doctor a bit sad, but he didn't force the issue. Sherlock was clearly not particularly comfortable with the way he looked at the moment and John didn't want to make it worse. He'd have to content himself with at least getting the detective's shirt off.
"It's my name in five foot high letters across New Scotland Yard," Sherlock said, as though reading his mind, "only everywhere else, too. I'm not a stupid man, John." He smiled slightly, obviously gratified by John's quiet snort. "I play where I can win."
Moriarty was never coming back; Irene knew that for certain, even if everyone else had only her word on it.
He unlocked the phone and opened the message, then took a step back from the table as if distancing himself would somehow help.
the house must have been of a value, and that its presence was likely unknown to her. When pressed, Maberley admitted that she had nothing she would consider so valuable – the most costly items she owned were jewellery – and nothing that warranted the sudden purchase of her home.
He ran – or tried to – memorizing his path in short, frantic bursts, scrambling downward as fast as he could. Each moment it took to make sure he wouldn't fall and break his neck was too long; he could feel time slipping away, maybe taking Sherlock with it.
But Sherlock wasn’t going to get what he wanted tonight, and the thought of taking care of it himself held no appeal, so he left John sleeping, fixed himself a cup of coffee, and went back to work.
He might have escaped John's judgment or his mother's individually, but when Sibyl agreed with John, Sherlock had learned that he was beaten.
His legs trembled in protest, muscles begging to sit down. Another deep breath just made his ribs ache, made him want to curl forward against the bruising pain that seemed to be spreading as the warmth seeped back into his body.
, it most certainly is not! Nor are you welcome to make it your business based on what you evaluate from our actions during this case – which
"You need information to have knowledge," Sherlock replied. "Safe to say, however, Mary might not have known she'd had it. A lot of information comes her way. No way to go through all of it, particularly if it doesn't seem relevant."
"Her methods are far more civil than being rounded up in a mysterious black car at all hours. As such, I'm much more inclined to honour her requests. There is a lesson on here for Mycroft, although I suspect he will refuse to learn it."
It bothered John – a lot – that Sherlock hadn't seemed to make the connection between his concussion and his family's visit. If anything, John thought Sherlock was still secretly concerned he was in rehab.
Sherlock tempered the salt immediately with chocolate, pinching the nub between his thumb and forefinger, rubbing until the ache had spread to John's groin, making him moan. The detective dipped his head, sucking gently.
The ICU was as quiet as it had been when they'd left; John dropped back into his chair, ignoring the aches and protests from stiff muscles that longed for a comfortable bed.
having a panic attack, he told himself. He really wasn’t. He just had to get himself back under control. Just needed to convince his body that everything was fine. And he could do it, he absolutely could, he just needed a bit of time and to concentrate, not to breathe so quickly despite the fact that his body was screaming for oxygen he knew it was getting.
interference and it was written everywhere on all of Sherlock’s surfaces and in the air and the light and the temperature and there was no getting away from it and
He was cut off when John threw his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and crushed the detective to him, fingers digging almost painfully into Sherlock’s back. Sherlock blinked, mind stuttering maddeningly under the shock, and he nearly pulled away, alarmed, when John’s gasping breaths dissolved very suddenly to sobs.
But that would be disastrous. They were walking too close to the cliff’s edge as it was, with Janine Hawkins and Charles Magnussen.
Even after faking his own suicide, having trusted himself to a fall from several stories, when his life had seemed to slip away from him, tumbling into nothing until he’d hit the safety net, and everything had snapped, abruptly but also delayed, leaving him curled up in a foetal position that night on the floor at Mycroft’s, entirely expecting to die just from the shock of it.
With the amount of people Douglas had known, and the possibility of four buildings' worth of potential suspects, it wouldn't be long before he could expand this to the whole of London.
John wondered if Sherlock could be convinced to wait this out at Baker Street. The idea held some appeal for him – but probably wouldn't for the detective. He supposed if he wanted to be subject to more sneers and put upon sighs, he could always suggest it. John grinned to himself; he was lucky Sherlock hadn't stowed away in the boot of a police car.
"I have troubles sleeping, John. It isn't complicated. It isn't some conspiracy. Yes, I don't like to call attention to it – and it's been far less of an issue since I met you. I've dealt with it and the solution works,
He felt John grin into their kiss, hand dropping down, pressing into Sherlock's erection and massaging roughly. Sherlock moaned, managing to pull away for the deep breath he needed, hips moving against John's, desperate for more contact. John changed the angle of his wrist slightly, pressing down harder, rubbing his thumb over the emerging head, and the edges of Sherlock's vision went dark.
Irene glanced at Sherlock across the small space of the car's darkened interior, arching an eyebrow.
“Burn it?” he suggested. “Offer it up as a sacrifice to whatever gods there are for police officers in hopes we’ll get a
And then he forced himself to go back down, one slow step at a time, his heart hammering the whole way, screaming silently at himself for not having paid attention, for not having realized that someone was on the fire escape stairs.
He'd only gone out once following their illegal excursion, after Donovan had come around to the flat to see if he could identify either of his assailants from a photo line-up. When that had failed, he'd gone down the Yard, Sherlock hovering protectively behind him, glowering at anyone who so much as looked at either of them. A voice line-up had been much more productive; he'd been able to identify both of them without any problems, giving the police that much more ammunition.
John pushed his husband's left leg over his shoulder; Sherlock spread his right one to open himself as John slid a slicked finger inside. It was a familiar dance, but John still enjoyed the way Sherlock rubbed his cheek against the pillow, trying to both heighten and displace the sensation. He wished they'd thought to bring some of their toys with them – Sherlock being opened up with a vibrator was a delicious sight. John smiled as he kissed his husband again, pushing a second finger in.
John realized with a jolt. He hadn't looked at the other man's hands. He thought about his own hands – and Tricia's. Surgeon's hands, steady under pressure. He thought about Sherlock's hands, expressive, mobile, trained after a lifetime of playing the violin. Connolly had been a construction worker, that would have left its marks – calluses, strong muscles, rough skin, strong grip.
It was awkward with his leg propped on a cushion on the coffee table, but Sherlock scarcely cared; he'd suffered much worse, and the discomfort was background noise right now, making him more aware of his body's needs than he was accustomed but not demanding immediate attention. Careful, deliberate movements let him wrap one arm around John's back, under his shoulders, without straining his ribs. John murmured something; Sherlock hushed him with a hum.
"You had better be," Sherlock growled as he pushed himself to standing. "Because we have our own schedule to keep."
Neither of them wanted to start the conversation, he realized. John felt he shouldn't have to and kept his silence. He'd made a promise to himself to stop making so many concessions to Sherlock – that would help both of them, even if Sherlock wasn't going to like it. He was going to have to get used to not getting his way so much. Everyone gave into him eventually, because it was just easier. John thought back to the past seven years that they'd known each other – maybe it really hadn't been easier in the long run. It had brought them here, after all.
"Coffee's fine," John said, speaking for both of them as Sherlock shook himself back with a general glare. "Black with two sugars for him, milk and no sugar for me."
checked, Sherlock. I didn't send one of my people round to check for me. I know how you feel about that because of Mycroft. I didn't let him see me, I just wanted to make sure he was upright and breathing and all of that."
Sherlock closed his eyes. He did not want to answer that. He didn't want to talk about it. It was obvious anyway. John knew why Sherlock had started again; he'd said so. He could figure out the why for this, too. He was a smart man – of course he was, Sherlock would never consent to being with anyone who wasn't.
Moving carefully brought protests – muscles still tense from being locked – paralyzed – in the dream. Sherlock winced, keeping his breathing regular, paying attention to muscle memory that told him where everything was in the room, letting him avoid hazards to get free.
John stared at him a moment longer, then nodded. He slipped into the cab and put his hand on the door handle but hesitated, looking up at Sherlock as if expecting something. Sherlock looked back down at him and nodded.
"No, I don't think so," Sherlock said, sitting back again, lips curling upward at the edges. "I'd rather stay a while. Have some…
John left the shop, heading south and wondered if the constables had done this – but he thought not, given the way the woman had needed to search for the map. He kept a slow pace, checking the map every so often. The walk was simple and he estimated it would only take him a little over ten minutes at his current rate. He looked at the other shops and galleries, at the little flats above them, at the pedestrians, but nothing jumped out at him.
"It was a long shower," Sherlock said. "I was very wet when I got out." John rolled his eyes; the expression went ignored as usual.
Big thanks to doublenegativemeansyes for the artwork for this chapter, and to lost-kitty who requested it. It's a beautiful piece, and captures the moment so elegantly.
He paused again, as if hoping Sherlock would bow out and allow him to stop there. Sherlock kept his silence and John watched Mycroft carefully, waiting.
"Mostly abdominal – some intestinal bleeding and associated trauma, no arterial bleeds in his abdomen, though. Broken ribs that were threatening his lungs – we think he's in the clear on that and he's been breathing well enough since coming out of surgery, but we need to keep a sharp eye on it. It's the head trauma that worries me the most and the fact that he couldn't remember anything before he lost consciousness. Someone took a special interest in battering his head. Wouldn't be the first time by the looks of him – he's been through some fighting before. Wars maybe. No swelling in his brain – like I said, he was lucky. Still… I can't say what he'll be like when he wakes up. Or what he'll remember, if anything. We're keeping watch for any swelling that might occur post-op, but all we can do is wait."
Sam looked worse than Sherlock had ever seen him. He was bordering on being as pale as the detective himself, his face and lips almost completely colourless. Dark rings of purple curved under dim green eyes, his cheeks seemingly sunken and shadowed. His light brown hair was clean but not styled; unusual. He stood with his hands in the front pockets of his jeans and despite not slouching or hunching his shoulders, his posture betrayed tension, fatigue, and reluctance. Even a quick glance would have told Sherlock that Sam was not sleeping properly. A more detailed examination suggested he was relying heavily on his sleeping medication, which meant he was suffering from nightmares. He was also not keeping up with his regular exercise routine. Sherlock knew Sam was an avid runner but he had the look of someone who was suffering enforced immobility. Sherlock doubted Sam could have handled the physical activity right now, not if he was sleeping poorly.
Hand roamed his back, fingertips digging into his muscles when John crooked his fingers, focusing on Sherlock's prostate. The detective's breathing broke down to panting little gasps, a whimper slipping from his lips when John pulled away. Sherlock's eyes met his again; John's fingers circled thin wrists, silently directing Sherlock to coat him, getting harder as skilled violinist's fingers teased and stroked.
Sandra at home, baking something, in the kitchen. He listened, heard her footsteps in the background. Her movements were soft, quiet. No music. There was no music – but then why did he remember music? If not from this, from what? Just the sound of her moving in their home. Her sounds. Normal sounds.
John was ducking even as his elbow connected with the stomach of the man behind him, slipping from a loosening grasp. Fingers tightened convulsively on his jacket but he pulled hard, dodging, only to grunt when someone else slammed into him. He connected with a wall, head ringing, shoulders hunching instinctively to protect his face, to get into whatever space he could as he swung his left fist, hitting just below the ribs. A hot gust of air hit his skin with a startled gasp and he took the opening to get free but it hadn't been enough and a shoulder drove into his chest, forcing him against the wall again, one side of his face pressed against the uneven mortar, the sound of scrambling footsteps as the first man joined them. A word he didn't recognize, his mind informing him uselessly that it wasn't English.
"I believe he already has all the real estate he requires," Mycroft sighed. "Sherlock, this is serious."
And he wasn't going to knowing let anyone working for Mary trap them together. There wasn't enough data to confirm that the back doors could be opened from the inside.
"I'm surrounded," Sherlock muttered, leaning back into the sofa cushions and glaring at John over his tea cup. "It's just as well I love you."
"How am I supposed to stop it?" Sherlock asked. "Would you stop writing your blog? Would you stop working? Would you have me stop working? Would you have us stay in the flat without leaving for the rest of our lives? I can't stop it, John, because it would mean going through everyone in London – and then beyond – but she is, as you said, keeping tabs. Nothing more. No, don't argue! She knew we went to Paris and she knew we met Georges there – possibly she doesn't know about the letter. Hard to say. She
"No, I haven't been consulted," Sherlock replied. John sat up carefully, wincing and hissing as he did so. A small table had been moved next to the sofa and Sherlock had left him a glass of water and some painkillers, which John downed gratefully.
"John." Sherlock didn't ask if something had happened and John could almost hear him running through a list of possibilities and eliminating the most obviously incorrect ones before narrowing in on the probable choices. John saw Sherlock step toward him out the corner of his eye, but kept his attention on the tree, on the muted red and green lights. Long, cool fingers wrapped over his, pulling his fist open gently, dislodging the dog tags that John was clutching.
It should have annoyed him that it was so difficult to resist John's desires, but Sherlock couldn't muster the response. Being hauled out of bed was worth it to stroll down the street with the doctor, aware of the smug pride that emanated from his partner when glances were directed Sherlock's way. John nearly beamed when Sherlock threaded their arms together, but the detective wanted to divert the attention to his partner.
"Why is she here?" Sherlock hissed. "Not here," he jabbed a finger in the small space between them, "
dog, because, when it came down to it, there was no pulling apart their lives that much, no delineating themselves that sharply.
"As I said, John, a man with no memory. Oh yes, there are bits and pieces here, but nothing concrete. I could formulate all sorts of hypotheses based on this – or, rather, I could write you several stories. I'd be more accurate than anyone else, but it would still be largely a work of fiction."
"Come on, come on," John said, hand on Sherlock's face, fingertips like brands on his skin, leaving cooling, lonely patches when they moved. "Stay awake. Stay awake. We need to go."
The abrupt jump in the account made his smile vanish – a single payment for fifty thousand pounds nearly knocked him out of his chair, leaving him convinced that his eyes were playing tricks on him.
"There are laws about private property," John said. "And you're not the one who's friends with the police."
"I'll be right back with that water. Don't fall to sleep," she ordered. She gave him a quick kiss on the forehead then disappeared out the door and down the hall.
"Favours," Mycroft said with a slight shrug. "Money. Loyalty. Information. Whatever he can command. Whatever he wants."
"As far as we know, he hasn't done anything," Sherlock pointed out, and John withheld a sigh. All the time in the world wouldn't get him used to the way Sherlock could that, answer the thoughts he was sure he hadn't even let show on his face. "If it's illegal, the police will be involved."
She smiled and took another sip of her coffee, enjoying the contrast of the warm liquid against the cold air.
"I don't–" Sam started then cut himself off when his fingers twitched again. He looked back up at Sherlock. "What?"
The stairs seemed to stretch above them, the distance elongating rather than shrinking as they raced toward the voice, trying to outrun the fire.
"Sherlock–" he said and his husband stopped and turned back, his expression unreadable, his eyes bright. John cast around for something to say, realising suddenly that he didn't know what to do. "Maybe we should leave it until tomorrow?"
Sherlock stood, extending a hand, helping John up. His husband was still as steady on his feet as he'd ever been, although his left leg gave him twinges during rain or snowstorms, as did his ribs, although less often. Ghosts of old injuries, never fully banished. But never allowed to cast a pall over everything else.
When John got home, the flat was dark and silent. He clicked on a light and glanced around; Sherlock's coat was hanging on the back of the door, so he wasn't out. There were no yellow notes peppered about the flat this time – although the memory made him smile – so he assumed his husband was downstairs helping Mrs. Hudson with something. He was just about to head down to check when Sherlock's voice came ringing up the stairs.
"Yeah, right," John said, not quite under his breath. There wasn't much in the way of love lost between Sherlock and Donovan, but she was still a cop, and not the type to watch an innocent man be beaten.
Even now, it surprised him how natural those small gestures felt. How vital they had become. Like breathing, but not boring.
The detective's kicked the door shut with one foot, pushing John's light jacket from his shoulders; John shook it off without breaking the kiss, letting it hit the floor with a soft whump. He ran his hands greedily up Sherlock's chest and back down, dispensing with the suit jacket, going to work on shirt buttons.
It was amazing all the same, and he felt like he was cheating somehow – not guiltily, but with a satisfied thrum of pleasure.
The detective had pulled out all of the stops: offered her his chair, put out a plate of the poshest biscuits they had in the flat, and used their best tea service, the one with the gold trim that he took diligent care of and had retouched every time it began to fade or looked scratched.
The craving for a cigarette was so sudden and sharp that it made him gasp, his eyes widening. Sherlock bit down on his lower lip and pushed himself to his feet, striding into the bathroom. He grabbed a package of nicotine patches and tore into it, pressing two onto the skin of his right forearm. There was no instant relief, no rush of relaxation that would have come with inhaling cigarette smoke, but he forced himself to stay crouched down and focus on his breathing for several minutes. The craving abated to the point where it was tolerable, and Sherlock put the box on the counter before going back into the dining room.
He had the same ideas about his life and what he wanted from it as she did about hers. He took her travelling – he had to go to France occasionally for work and she would accompany him. They would take two or three days after his meetings to go somewhere new or to a favourite destination. He'd joined Interpol in part to see the world, he'd told her. Mostly he'd seen England and France, and a bit of Ireland.
"You're the genius detective. You have your methods. Use them." Grey eyes flickered over his face, lips slightly parted, and John had to resist the temptation to taste them.
"It's all right," John replied, taking care not to shrug along with the statement, aware that Sherlock was restraining himself against fidgeting.
“You try,” Sherlock replied, and John smiled when the detective bit his lip, eyelids fluttering when crooked fingertips brushed his prostate.
Irene well enough to know he was being kept in the dark. He'd wrangled enough details out of her to at least make sure Sherlock would wake up again, although at least on that front he needn't have really worried. The drugs were dangerous in large quantities or with habitual use, but as an occasional sleep aid, they wouldn't do much.
Still, John managed to get to the hospital a couple of times a week, watching as Riley's wounds healed. He was there when they removed the bandage covering the other man's injured eye. There was still a faint red mark edging the outline of his cheek and some healing cuts that would scar, but his vision was fine. He spent a few minutes blinking, distracted by the sudden return of depth perception.
“Thin, pale,” the detective began, and John resisted pointing out that applied to Sherlock just as much, “don’t get out much and when you do, it’s only travel to go back indoors. The hunch to your shoulders suggests you spend a lot of time sitting and looking at something – something small, perhaps through a magnifying lens or a microscope. Could be both. Steady hands – very steady – an important trait for your… pastime. You work a lot with your hands, and one
"She sent us home," Sherlock murmured, stock still, eyes still focused on something John couldn't see. "Why?"
"Mary, hi. I didn't expect to see you here," he replied, wincing internally at how bluntly that came out, but Mary only smiled, shaking her head.
, John thought, annoyed at Mycroft's presence but more so that he couldn't really fault it – and it was useful.
Then again, if everyone with a motive and some money was as guilty as they appeared on the surface, Lestrade would be a lot busier – and with a lot fewer officers working under him.
"Hardly something he would have been aware of," Sherlock snapped. "And that's entirely the wrong question, Lestrade." Lestrade opened his mouth to retort, but Sherlock held up a hand, giving his head a sharp shake. "We should be asking is, given who we know is behind all of this, how was he convinced to do this?"
"He was sitting on the parapet before he was pushed off," Sherlock explained. He pushed himself to standing, stripping off his sterile gloves. "It explains the position in which he landed – he was sitting facing away from the bridge. And here we are, unable to put him back together again. However, we
"She is," Sherlock agreed. John watched him carefully, then gave a resigned nod, gaze darting downward. "But," Sherlock continued, watching blue eyes flicker back up, "we're still here."
"Her entirely family died when she was barely more than a kid," John pointed out. "Maybe she wanted to get away from that."
John pressed a kiss against Sherlock's arm and settled down more. He saw Sherlock relax a bit as he realized John was not going to leave and that John wasn't angry at him. It certainly didn't stop the sulk but John knew it made things a little better. He didn't envy Sherlock the conversations he'd have to have with Sam so he let his husband have his strop now. When he did talk to Sam, it couldn't be about what Sherlock thought or wanted, and John was pretty sure he knew that. He let Sherlock take the time to be selfish now, because it was better than him being selfish later when it really mattered.
This time, the expression John caught out the corner of his eye was one of suppressed triumph; he saw his partner's lips curl slightly, almost immediately smothered back to an annoyed glare aimed at Mycroft, and hoped that Sherlock took this – as much as everything John had said yesterday – as evidence that he was firmly and unquestioningly always on his side.
that kept the genuis' mind going, kept it lighting fast, kept the patterns connecting, kept things interesting?
is our business – secrets, lies, stolen things. Magnussen wants noise, John, and the louder, the better."
John worried his lower lip between his teeth, trying to decide what to do. He knew he shouldn't talk about an open investigation – but he also wasn't a police officer. Lestrade had come to Sherlock about it, Sherlock had dragged him along, and now here John was, in possession of potential information about a man with no memory. Somehow, it didn't seem fair to him that the police were treating him as a possible suspect but not making him aware of that fact.
His phone distracted him and he pulled it quickly from his pocket, happy to see a text from John, then disappointed at the message.
The flat was silent when John eased the door shut behind him; Sherlock's habit of leaving it open was useful for Mrs. Hudson to keep an eye on him. John toed off his shoes and hung his jacket before padding toward the bedroom.
"Precisely," Sherlock said, forcing calmness in his voice, refusing the exasperated sigh that wanted to slip in. He knew John. He trusted John – and trusted him to react in certain ways. "But by going, I caught a murderer."
Out here, the beaches were not public but shared among the string of privately owned villas that lined the coast. There were no demarcation lines between the properties, but everyone who spent their holidays here seemed to know where the boundaries were. John never saw anyone wandering onto their strip of sand, nor had he trespassed onto anyone else's property. When he went exploring, Sherlock would shout out to him if he went too far. Occasionally, John saw other people in the water or further down the beach, but everyone seemed content keep to themselves.
Even after everything, she'd been trying to string Sherlock along, and Sherlock, despite himself, had been playing along. Even if it was mostly for information, John knew there was some small part of the detective that still needed that thrill, that flirtation with danger.
John screwed his eyes shut, shaking his head to dispel the fatigue that was creeping in along the edges of his mind.
"John, what happened?" Sherlock finally asked. It struck John as the oddest question – surely Sherlock knew? That was what he did.
The danger there wasn't directed at him – and John wouldn't have traded places with Mycroft over the next few days for anything – but it could be redirected.
While waiting for the food and for Sherlock to come upstairs, John dug out their own Christmas decorations and set the box in the living room. They'd need to get a tree and he'd have to do that sometime this week. One year he'd sent Sherlock, which had not ended well. They did have high ceilings but the detective had not seen the problem with buying a twelve foot tall tree and expecting it to fit in their flat.
He wished the recording had been enough. He’d played it for Sherlock, letting the detective listen from the moment it had started, with John calling the police, until they’d managed to haul Sherlock outside and the audio had devolved into a nearly incomprehensible babble of voices and sirens.
"Really only one so far, but it's early," Saraswati answered with a grin then took a sip of her coffee. "Oh, mm, one the blokes, get this: his name is Sherlock. Ever heard that one before?"
After Josephine had found the picture of his parents in the upstairs closet, John had decided it was more than time to go through Harry's belonging. He wasn't overly worried about what his niece would find up there – he kept the contents of that room decent whenever she came over, and it wasn't often used anyway, except for as storage. He'd have complained to Sherlock about what the detective stashed away up there, instead of dealing with it, but John was just as guilty.
It was probably the closest thing to an admission of respect for Sherlock's abilities that John was ever likely to hear from Sally Donovan. He entertained the idea of telling Sherlock but the detective wouldn't care – from almost anyone else, he would have been secretly pleased. Not with her.
He gave a sharp, barking laugh that failed into a groan. Lestrade circled the bed and filled a cup with water, helping him drink it. Donovan waited, watching him calm. He took a deep breath, winced, closed his eye and turned the good side of his face into his pillow.
Which was why Sherlock still heard every word, why the bright, brittle anger didn't mask the sound of his partner's voice. Why he had agreed to stay here on this unexpected (and still somewhat annoying) holiday. Why he said yes to the appallingly domestic plan of a picnic and the even more dismaying idea of a visit to the Louvre with its teaming crowds after lunch.
"Here," John said. "I got the nurses to make more photocopies – this is what the waitress told me and a sketch map of the pub. I'm not an artist, so it's a bit rough. I didn't think to print off copies of the pictures, but I can bring them in next time I come visit."
He was Josephine's godfather, although this didn't entail much, since he wasn't particularly religious. Tricia seemed only mildly invested in it, saying that if there were souls, she was more concerned with having functioning bodies to keep them in, and John had never worked out what Henry thought about the whole matter. He was her legal guardian, along with Sherlock, if anything should happen to both her parents.
"Continue investigating or don't, John," Sherlock replied with a light shrug. "I'm only suggesting you make the decision for legitimate reasons and not because you feel betrayed by a man who owes you nothing who happens to have a past you don't like."
Lips twitched into a smile. Wool, soft-and-rough, warm against his fingertips. He pressed a thumb against it, along the harder ridge of bone and muscle beneath.
"Oi!" Sandra protested. She grabbed the towel from him, swatted his arm hard with it, then wound it round his neck and pulled him down for a kiss. "Out of my kitchen, Gabriel Mitchell, and you'll be lucky if you get anything when I'm done here."
"Oh, come on, John, I did not say that you go about killing people because someone's offered you money! You're the one who turned down Mycroft's offer of a bribe to spy on me, so you clearly have some sort of ethical standards that you associate with earning a living."
Sherlock was crouching again now, the muscles in his thighs starting to protest the extra weight pressed against his body as he tried to keep Sam braced. Sam was slumped against him, unwilling or unable to hold any of his weight himself. He was still shaking almost violently now, making it difficult to support him.
There had to be some way around it he decided as his computer finished booting up. There always was.
John raised his eyebrows; it was an oddly direct request from Sherlock – no fault found with John's job, no hesitant 'please' tacked on, no faked guile about anything else they could be doing.
"Yes, yes," he muttered, pushing himself to his feet and making his way down the stairs. He paused with his hand on the doorknob then glowered to himself – this was no way to behave. Sam was hardly a threat. Had he been a criminal mastermind, it was likely he might have kept Sherlock occupied for awhile. But he was not. He was simply an Interpol agent and a friend who had some questions. Nothing more.
"We still have nearly a full bottle of champagne," he pointed out. "Not to mention the fondue and the fruit."
John was surprised by the complete lack of police cars in front of the building when the taxi dropped him. The place had been cordoned off but instead of the cruisers with their flashing lights and the familiar uniformed officers, the building was surrounded by Royal Military Police vehicles and the perimeter was being guarded by Redcaps, all of whom eyed him suspiciously as he approached the barrier.
John returned his gaze to the book before looking around the flat. He was surrounded by the comfortable chaos of their home, secure in the knowledge that he had everything he needed – food, shelter, security. And companionship and love. The feeling was almost a physical sensation, closing in around him, enveloping him.
"Okay," John said carefully, allowing himself to feel some reassurance. He wasn't sure what he thought about this – obviously it was a good thing that Riley's attackers hadn't found him again, but he wasn't sure he wanted to be spending the emotion on a terrorist, former or not. "Then what is it?"
clever!" Sherlock shot back. "And while you stand here moaning to me about his intelligence, he's walked away from this. The longer you make me wait out here, the more time he has to plan the next one. Stop dithering and come
Occasionally he found himself in other rooms in the flat without really remembering how he got there and forgetting what he was meant to be doing. Once he realized he was on the kitchen floor, sitting against the cupboards, and Marian was holding his hand, talking him gently out of a panic attack.
“If you would like us to look for new quarters, we understand,” Holmes says after another brief and awkward pause, and I applaud the steadiness of his voice. “But please do not report us to the authorities.”
“Make your own, genius,” John retorts before launching the pillow across the room. He misses; Sherlock has slipped out the door just in time. John laughs, shakes his head, and scurries after him to put the kettle on the stove.
Lying with him like his, John can feel every tremor running through the other man’s body as he thrusts in and out, and it’s so much better than what they did before. He has to concentrate hard to find Sherlock’s prostate from this angle, but when he finally does, Sherlock rewards him with the most beautiful moan, shuddering in his arms and hiding his face in the crook of his neck.
There are promises in his eyes that Sherlock doesn't know how to translate. He's got an inkling, though. He thinks back to what happened yesterday, to John sliding into him, so deep, taking his breath away and giving him pleasure he's never known before, and tries to wrap his head around the idea that their roles could be reversed tonight, that it could be
"It was mine, you know?" John tells him, still kissing him. "The secret glances. The smiles. It was mine alone.
has ever felt this right. I love you. I’ve loved you all this time. I see that now - I regret not seeing it sooner. No one could ever convince me otherwise.”
“John…” Sherlock whispers and puts his hand right between John’s buttocks, nudging his opening with his slick fingertip. “Do you like this…?”
And then he undresses. Slowly. Looking at me throughout it all, setting me alight with his dark, predatory gaze.
He moans and writhes against the mattress, pressing back into my kiss, and I grab his arse and knead it slowly while I thrust my tongue into him again and again.
"Bend over for me," John tells him after a while, getting to his feet again, and Sherlock does, using the sink for support.
“—a man who encountered an...unfortunate…run-in with a piece of sports equipment,” he corrects himself, not missing a beat. He looks down at a young girl in a deerstalker who stands next to him, clutching onto the sleeve of his coat. “Love your hat.”
, filling his lungs, his whole being with him until he's overwhelmed with longing, with a love so fundamental and inexplicable that he feels like he might die from the sheer force of the emotion. He'll never let him go. They are one, unable to function without the other one around, and nothing is going to change that.
out my name, and it’s the sound I remember him making on the phone that first time in Colombia, the sound I’ve wanted to hear again ever since.
Once a week, one of Mycroft’s minions comes to search the flat for bugging devices. They take it all very seriously. I’m not sure if I’m supposed to be reassured or worried.
And as I finally fall asleep, I do so with the knowledge that what I told him was not merely a platitude to help him calm down.
As soon as it's only John and him again, he picks up his violin and goes to stand by the window and play a random, idle tune – he needs to calm down, figure it out, focus. It'll all become clear soon enough. There hasn't ever been a case he wasn't able to solve, and the mystery surrounding Irene Adler won't become the exception to the rule. He won't allow it. A little music, a little time in his mind palace, and he'll get to the bottom of it all.
He waits until I’m finished and afterwards pulls himself up and onto the bed with stiff, slightly awkward movements, and then flops down again in a sprawl of lanky limbs once he’s managed it.
He’s doing it on purpose. It’s not by chance that he’s using all those fricatives. Every puff of air slipping out from between his teeth is a tiny provocative touch, a small spark of arousal, a promise for more. My legs are already shaking.
He knows it's ridiculous to hope for that to gain him a chuckle, but is disappointed nonetheless when Sherlock completely ignores his remark and shakes his head vehemently instead, fixing John with that just-short-of-deranged look he gets when he's picked up a scent and is greedy for the chase to begin.
He’s trembling all over, waiting for me, small sobs and whimpers escaping him as he sucks in large gulps of breath.
Sherlock swallows, looks for words that will somehow make this right, or at least bearable. John Watson needs to be protected at all costs. No matter what happens; no matter how much it hurts. No matter how long it will take.
He breaks off when a particularly well-placed thrust presses into his prostate and makes his vision flicker and go black for a second.
I trail off, suddenly too exhausted to even speak. On the verge of dropping into unconsciousness, I think I hear him whisper a shy declaration of love in response, but I am too far gone to make sure. Too warm. Too comfortable. I feel so absolutely safe, here with him, behind this locked door that keeps the world out. Too safe to care about anything but his heart beating alongside mine, telling me what I need to know more clearly than words ever could. Telling me what I already knew I needed but was too scared to pursue.
John moans against him and he can't help but mirror the sound with one of his own because the vibrations of his voice are the best thing he's ever felt, but still, this is
Sherlock sits up, groaning softly as his aching joints and healing bruises and fractures protest, and then rises to stand in front of John.
be a dream, then. Sherlock doesn't say sorry. He doesn't look like that, either, eyes all glassy, flushed cheekbones, trembling hands. This is not Sherlock.
John's vision narrows down to a small slot. All he sees is Sherlock in his chair, making himself small. Talking himself small. Unimportant. John is sick; he knows that very well. Has always known it; has always been like that. Addicted to violence to give him release. But Sherlock is sick too. He's allowing himself to be mistreated out of love. And that's worse.
My charismatic friend and his innermost thoughts and feelings have always been something of a mystery to me, and this situation is no exception. Gazing at the back of his head as if attempting to look right through his skull and examine his brain, I recall the events of this day and run them past my inner eye to identify the moment it all stopped making sense.
I am positive that he has exhausted himself introducing our confession, so I jump to his aid to the best of my ability.
I put my arms around you and hide my face in the crook of your neck. You’re so warm there. My tears fall onto your alabaster skin, onto your collarbones, so perfectly shaped, so gracefully swung, like the work of the finest sculptor of the ancient world.
"John," Sherlock says lowly and gets up to cross the distance between them and kneel down in front of John, his hands clasped in front of his chest. "I don't want you to feel like this. I--- I still believe your actions were caused by anger and grief and do not represent the man you really are, but… I
His tongue flickers out and brushes the highly sensitive spot right underneath my tip before vanishing into his mouth again. It’s not enough. I need more, now,
Do you have--- supplies?” he asks the ceiling, whimpering under his breath when I run my tongue around him one last time and then let him go.
“What was that?” he asks when they part again, and he didn’t even mean to say it out loud, but maybe it’s for the best. “What is this?”
"Come," John whispers and pulls at him to give himself better access, and Sherlock steadies himself against the backrest of the chair to keep his balance, and then he's in John's mouth, surrounded by slick, tight heat, and his mind goes blank.
Sherlock reaches out and runs his fingertips along John's temple, then into his hair, and a lovely little shiver trickles down John's spine.
He's almost shouting now, and Sherlock stops his ministrations and withdraws his hand, making John wince.
. He feels embarrassed to know that John thought he was the one to blame. He, Sherlock, brought it all upon himself, and all he wants is to move forward now and forget about the past. He knows John couldn't help it. He was disappointed and upset, and falling hard was exactly the thing Sherlock needed to finally do something about his problems. It wasn't John's fault. It was his.
on Netflix. During his time at the hospital, they found out that documentaries on submarine life calm him down, and John has made him a playlist of things to watch when he's in pain or restless.
Sherlock shakes his head again, finding himself unable to speak, to reply. He's pushing against the images John's words evoke in him. He doesn't want to think about John like that. That wasn't his John. It was another man, a man who possessed him for a while. John isn't like that. He's not scared anymore. John is his friend, more than that, even. John is allowed to see him at his most vulnerable. John, who was all around him,
, and that is when my body takes over and my brain stops controlling my limbs and I start to thrust, gently at first, but more and more deftly the longer it lasts. It is an ancient rhythm of back and forth, in and out, and my hips remember it even if my conscious self does not.
normal indeed, and I love that about you. You’re the most interesting human being I’ve ever met, inside and out. I wouldn’t want you any other way. Please don’t mind what some narrow-minded idiots say about you, Sherlock. You’re wonderful. Wonderfully annoying sometimes, and wonderfully weird, but wonderful all in all.”
“Fair enough,” John says as he runs his thumb along the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. “We don’t need to…I just. I just want you to be happy. That’s all. And if I can help you be happy in any way—“
Sherlock's eyes, his gorgeous stormy-sky eyes, soften somehow at that, and John drowns in their gaze. He knows that the moment they separate, they'll lose this, whatever this is. He's dreamt of touching Sherlock, of holding him, but reality is very different. It's raw and a bit painful and so unpredictable, and John wants to cross the line and find out what it means tonight.
true) and plump, rosy lips, trying to get it out of his system once and for all and failing spectacularly, because
He’s on his way back to London from a medical convention in Berlin, and they’ve apparently managed to fly right into the worst kind of weather that has befallen Dutch airspace in the last three months. Or ever. They’re almost over The Hague now, he assumes, but he can’t be bothered to check the in-flight journal for details. He’s tired and wants to go home, or, which would be even better, to Baker Street to see Sherlock and get his mind off a boring weekend spent with boring people in boring lectures that are now part of his boring life.
He purses his lips and tries to stare me down, but I don’t back off. After a minute, he seems to decide that it’s not going to work and turns around to walk over to the window.
He wakes me up in the middle of the night by pressing himself against my side. He's shaking and soaked in sweat.
“You’re still so in love with him,” she says, sounding almost awed by it. “That’s so beautiful. And so
about his face and his curls and his hands wiping off a fake moustache without feeling sick all over.
. My hands are on his head, but I don't remember putting them there. I tug at his hair, run my fingers through it, caress his ears.
Sherlock hesitates for the briefest of moments, but then lets go of him and turns around, allowing his shirt to slide off his body and to the floor.
Sherlock rumbles deep down in his chest. Without opening his lids, he murmurs: "No. I want to hold you."
“I know, my love,” I whisper back. It takes courage to call him that, and I hope I still deserve the privilege of doing so.
” he moans and pulls at my arm again, and at first I’m scared I’ve hurt him, but he just breaks our kiss and moves my hand to his mouth to sloppily suck at my finger before guiding it back to where it was before.
Sherlock turns his head until his nose meets John's, and then their mouths touch and he closes his eyes.
, and replaces the teasing finger on John’s cock with his whole hand to stroke him in a loose grip that makes up the perfect counterpoint to the gentle thrusts of his other hand.
Mrs Hudson glances at me, a questioning look in her eyes, but I have no idea how to react. Should I ask him or simply wait until he talks more? Is this his way of telling me that he
They'll kiss until their lips are sore and their air runs out and the only taste left inside their mouths is them, together. They'll kiss in this bed, and across the cluttered breakfast table, and on the couch, their chairs, the stairs. In cabs and dark alleys. They'll keep going until two years of pain have been kissed away.
John wraps his arms around Sherlock's upper body, feels the warm water caress his skin. The scent of honey and lavender fills the hot, damp air around them. Sherlock has indeed collected all the candles he could find, and they are the only source of light in the room right now, giving a comforting, soft quality to everything and smoothing out hard edges and lines.
And, in the back of his mind, he knew that offering to do so now came with the risk of rejection. John might not want Sherlock to touch him, for all that Sherlock had awoken that morning sprawled on top of John on the couch. Waking up with John's face half buried in his hair and John's left arm wound round him had made Sherlock forget about the previous day's events for a few precious minutes. It had been tempting to kiss John – their faces had been so close together that it would have required almost no movement – but he'd held back. John had clearly needed the sleep and Sherlock had no idea how the doctor would have reacted.
"Then after I came back from my last tour overseas, I was a patient up there until I was well enough to move back here. Wouldn't want to live anywhere else in the world, not for any amount of money."
He made sure he was properly braced, keeping his breathing in check, aware that Bridget was holding herself back – desperately – from panic.
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, keeping the sigh out of his voice if only to avoid a row they couldn't afford. "Obvious now."
The first two weren't entirely likely – there would still be records somewhere, passports, visas, a hotel booking if he'd been here as a tourist. Someone would know him, would recognize him.
Until it changed, from one second to the next, with one faint inhalation and John said "Sherlock" in
"Just as it would if it were his fingerprint at Lestrade's old crime scene," Sherlock sighed. "But coincidences happen all the time, John. What if another DI had taken the case rather than Donovan, one who does not know me? Then we wouldn't be here having this discussion and his memories would amount to two names and two visual recollections. Nothing more."
"Do you think he was involved in any of this?" John asked. "Maybe working for her – Irene Adler I mean?"
"Not far," Hassard agreed. "But Harry asked me to stop in. See how you were doing. John, you all right? You look like you've seen a ghost."
Molly, I may need more hair for the wig. If any of your corpses have similar hair, save it for me. Mycroft, piss off.
to involve John! Once again, I had no intention of taking them! The last bottle expired before I took
Sherlock didn't answer, setting his glass aside and taking John's as well. A warning look kept the doctor from crossing his arms again. He stood his ground, expectant, and Sherlock began to undress him, moving with slow, meticulous motions that deliberately brought his hands into more contact with bare skin than was strictly necessary.
She hadn't been expecting a post from John, not when Sherlock had a case on. Still, it wasn't unheard of, both before the detective's faked death and since his return, and Mary made a point to keep track of what John was thinking and what Sherlock was working on.
John tensed at the sudden memory and the rigidity sent a warning flare of pain through his left shoulder. He drew a deep breath and forced himself to exhale it slowly. The ache lessened but didn't quite vanish, hovering almost unfelt at the edge of his mind. John ignored it through effort, trying not to remember the words Sherlock had spoken to him in their hotel room in Edinburgh that spring.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn't bother to disguise the curiosity or relief. Contact with Victor himself was rare – it usually went through other channels, and it had been years since he'd spoken to his FBI agent personally.
He was surprised they'd waited for him – if this was Sherlock's business, he didn't play much of a role, and certainly had no say in making decisions that weren't medical. Sherlock typically went out of his way to protect John from being involved, and the quick flash of grey eyes his way when he entered the living room and accepted a drink from Mycroft told him that his partner definitely wanted to keep it that way now.
John, convinced he’d slipped back into the drugs, or simply unaware of anything that had happened at all. “I’m right here.”
translation! I just said I don't speak French! I know it's hard to listen to the sound of other people's voices–"
"Always the same thing. Whatever I had on special that day. He wasn't picky, said he just liked not to have decide or cook for himself. Always left with a cup of coffee, too."
this particular letter had ended up being the first thing Sherlock had seen had been somewhat of a mystery until John had got home to find the flat more or less turned upside down.
He ignored it as best he could – no easy feat with Sherlock spread out, naked, beneath him – and coated his hands liberally, the scent of orange and vanilla permeating the room.
"Look, Sherlock…" he trailed off, suddenly unwilling to continue, steeling himself to do so. "We don't have to…"
She stared at him in surprise then nodded, realising the question had become about Sam in the past several days, even when it was being directed at her.
"Do you know I saved all the money I could from my job and from babysitting? I hid it in a pillowcase. There was a loose floorboard in my closet. I put it under there. I'd count it every weekend until I was sure I had enough to come here."
"But you weren't a happy teenager." Sam smirked and Marian rolled her eyes. "I mean, more so than normal. Happy teenagers don't rob convenience stores just to see if they can. Not like that, anyway. And then Veronique found you."
Which was why Sherlock was entirely unsurprised when Gabriel let himself into Sherlock's office mid-afternoon, uninvited and unapologetic. The glare Sherlock gave him slid right off, returned as a penetrative look that wasn't satisfied with appearances.
"Honestly," Sherlock sighed, but John thought he caught a hint of wry fondness in the detective's voice, lurking behind his irritated expression. "Being an army surgeon taught you nothing."
Sherlock had told John once, years ago, that there were no heroes and if there were, that he wouldn't be one. But he'd rid the world of James Moriarty without hesitating. Even though he could have kept playing the man's dangerous game. Even though he had been enthralled by the prospect of having an opponent so equally matched.
Sandra exhaled sharply and rubbed her hands together as the main door to her building shut behind her. The temperature had dropped sharply when the sun had begun to set and she could have done with gloves on her walk home from the tube. She inhaled a breath of warm air then headed up the stairs to her flat.
"What?" Sherlock managed, aware of how thick he sounded, unable to mount a more articulate argument.
If someone was going to break into the flat, surely they wouldn't bother climbing all the way to his old bedroom? Much easier to break in through a window on the ground floor flat – and both he and Sherlock would be far less likely to notice that intrusion.
"I'm going to put my arm around you," John said, kneeling carefully behind her, wishing like hell that he had more than his flashlight, or a headlamp that would let him see what he was doing while keeping his hands free. "I can work the knot free with my other hand – it won't be comfortable, but it will keep you from falling. Okay?"
This was a game to her, after all. One in which they weren't the goal – John held no illusions that he was anything more than a pawn for Adler, but he wondered darkly where Sherlock fit into her plans. He doubted the detective was as disposable as he himself was, and it wouldn't have surprised him if Sherlock was being strung along.
John set his coffee aside with a sigh, ignoring the lingering aches that had, in fact, got him up and out of bed to prevent his restlessness from spreading. Between the two of them, they weren't managing much in the way of a good night's sleep lately; he wished he could claim it was for enjoyable reasons. It wasn't staying up that was the problem – although there had been some of that – but staying asleep.
John felt himself unwinding, too, tension he hadn't even been aware of carrying dissolving slowly from his shoulders and the back of his neck. He felt something inside of him ease and some unnoticed weight in his chest seemed to lift. It became easier to breathe and he felt his breathing match Sherlock's unconsciously, without any effort. John deliberately slowed his breathing more and Sherlock did the same.
"Nope," his partner said, increasing the pressure briefly before letting go altogether; Sherlock swallowed again, harder this time, and turned his gaze away.
"No more than necessary," Sherlock replied with a twitch of his lips and Mrs. Hudson sighed, shaking her head. When she was gone, John began a silent countdown in his head, reaching twenty-two before Sherlock got up, shut the door, then fluffed up John's pillow and adjusted the blanket.
Mycroft and Lestrade were in the tiny waiting room just outside of the ICU; John repressed a sense of dread at the way the heavy door fell shut with a decisive click, fumbling slightly when a takeaway bag was deposited into his hands.
Periodically but sporadically, Sherlock turned, scrutinizing the path behind him, watching and waiting for any sign of being followed.
He let out a sigh, consciously relaxing his shoulders, and closed the remaining distance between them, forcing a small smile.
Molly pushed the door open, looking between both of them hesitantly but with an expression that told John she wasn't going to back down.
"He's woken up a few times, only for a few seconds at a time, but I think he had some idea where he is."
He kept moving, refusing to give into doubt that he was on the wrong track. She'd set this trap. She would be waiting. He was in the right place. His observational skills were as honed and accurate as ever. He was going the right way.
"I know what you meant," Sherlock snapped, piercing grey eyes finding her like a laser sight, holding her hostage for a moment before he exhaled slowly, a deliberate relaxation. "And what you didn't mean."
"Very well," he sighed, pushing himself to his feet. "But I do not take requests, nor do I make special meals."
Sherlock stared at Mycroft then raised his gaze to John, who was meeting his eyes with a stunned expression.
"Everywhere, for a while. She lives in Argentina now – or at least she did when I last heard from her."
And it wouldn’t even be naked, which was more irritating. Sherlock left John in his pants and hauled him up, jostling the doctor from sleep.
contact me about it. And in the meantime, do us all a favour and try not to leave the country, will you?”
"Just before two-thirty," she said. "I remember checking the clock in the cab, thinking I haven't been out this late in years."
The damned letter. It had been the first thing he'd asked about – the baby had been the first thing John had asked about. She was fine, predictably, at home with the mother when Georges had vanished en route to his flat from some promotional event.
He spun away, such a military movement, marched across the living room toward the hallway leading to the back of the flat.
"Which is why I do the things I do, Mycroft, and those things notably do not include drugs!" He did drag himself out of bed now, crossing the room in two steps, jaw locked against the dizziness that threatened so he could lean down, nose to nose with his brother, holding Mycroft's gaze hard. "I am
He'd also put guards on Sherlock and John – his brother would figure this out in short order and probably identify all of them. Mycroft would count it as a victory if Sherlock didn't out them and start haranguing them in public about their job and his privacy. He was particularly concerned now with his younger brother's inability to be reasonable. This row with John was affecting Sherlock's judgment, whether he wanted to admit it or not. Mycroft knew less about this than he'd like but far more than Sherlock would want. Taking up smoking again and doing so without telling John… Mycroft was not unfamiliar with the need to keep secrets – and nor was Angela, which made everything between them much easier to navigate. John, on the other hand, had overcome trust issues after being sent home from Afghanistan and was one of those men who firmly believed in open communication with his partner.
"Jesus," John managed, word slurred, and the smile that crept over his partner's lips had him fighting for the last ounces of control. John squeezed his eyes closed again, head falling back, when Sherlock sucked on a full, heavy testicle, pressing his thumb deeply into the other.
"Am I not, John? Have you developed the ability to read my mind? Or perhaps you just assume that you have ability to understand my motivations that you simply lack for everyone else?"
She was silent for a moment and he looked over, turning his head just enough to see her. Her brown eyes were narrowed.
"Thanks," John said, careful to accept it with his right hand. Sherlock settled down again, tangling their feet together, sipping his own tea thoughtfully.
he thought, jarred slightly by the sudden realization, pulling Sherlock into a slow kiss to cover his momentary confusion.
But this all seemed too connected. Victor’s Russian. Jim Moriarty and Janine Hawkins. Richard Mitchell’s mysterious doppelganger. Charles Magnussen.
"Obviously," she replied, loosening her grip on the steering wheel slightly, giving him an annoyed look.
"There's something you're not telling us," Sherlock said sharply. "Withholding information on a case like this, Mycroft? Do you wish me to make any progress or have you called me here simply because you think I might find this entertaining?"
When they were finished, John liberated a bottle of wine and two glasses, settling onto the restored sofa and turning on the television. Sherlock joined him, disinterested in the program his partner chose, but aware that he should be making an effort. The plot was simplistic and easily solved within seconds, and John showed no inclination to sit right next to him, leaving Sherlock bored and at a loss. He kept his best mildly attentive face on, and was somewhat relieved by the lack of proximity. As odd as it was for them – John enjoyed using Sherlock as some combination of pillow and arm rest – Sherlock wasn't certain he wanted any substantial physical contact.
There was one particular trend John noted though – Riley never forgot the doctor's name, nor the names of the nurses and the two constables who were friendly to him. He sometimes still stumbled over other names, even Morgan's. John was glad to see that there were people treating Riley warmly. He was still a patient, after all. In this, he was still the victim. The constables particularly impressed John; they could easily have been disgruntled, having to look after a former terrorist. Some of them were. A quiet conversation with Donovan had one or two of them removed and replaced with constables who seemed indifferent to the assignment. Indifference John would take – they'd still do their jobs if required. It was clear Donovan was no great fan of Riley's, but John knew her professional pride would be stung – and her reputation damaged – if something happened to a victim in her charge.
"Sherlock, we've run through every kind of cleaning agent we can use that won't corrode your skin and a dozen different concoctions of your own. It's like cement."
He wandered back into the kitchen, helping himself to another small glass of whiskey, and moving to stand next to one of the large windows, gazing out over the city. He had a good view from here, high enough to appreciate the bustle and life below, but not so much to be removed from it. The building wasn’t trapped in a sea of towers that way it might have been in other areas, and he appreciated the openness, that way it kept him connected to everything around him.
She'd learned long ago to trust her instinct. There was a lose thread here, and it needed to be pulled.
A little under a month ago – twenty-five days, to be exact – someone had managed to cut the power to the site in the middle of the night, disabling the security lights and effectively blinding the cameras.
He remembered standing in front of it for half an hour, his normally energetic mind blank and silent, offering no ideas.
"Your grandmother Sibyl – my and your father's mother – is still alive. Your grandmother Olivia – your mother's mother – isn't. So they call you Olivia to remember her and to not confuse you with my mother."
He awoke in the middle of the night, half aware that he'd heard a distant creak at some point, an older noise, like a fading echo. There was an unexpected warmth in the hollow he'd created under the duvet, and a mild constriction. Sherlock's breath against his chest and neck, Sherlock's fingers entwined into his t-shirt. A leg hooked carefully between his, short curls just brushing his chin.
He hesitated at the end of a bar, noting the tremor that coursed down Sam's spine. The younger man opened his eyes, vivid green made even brighter with unshed tears.
"David and Olivia are spending the weekend," John repeated, knowing full well Sherlock had heard him perfectly.
“Ten days. Delegate as necessary, but carefully. None of this traces back to you.” He scarcely needed to remind Gabriel of that last part, but voicing it gave it more weight. Gabriel nodded, and there was no reluctance or trepidation in his expression, even under Sherlock’s careful scrutiny for it.
"Why? Because I'm an idiot for doing so? Because you want to know how soon you can pull a stunt like that again–"
"You couldn't do it last time." Sherlock parted his lips to retort but John beat him to it. "It's not a criticism, Sherlock! It's a fact! Do it! And tell him you've done it!"
, John thought – but he doubted his partner would be eyeing every passer-by so suspiciously, seeing connections that weren't really there.
He unlocked his phone again and called up the photos of the pub he'd taken from Doe's usual seat. The man had been in a good position to watch the door but he would have been difficult – if not impossible – for someone passing by on the street to see him through the windows.
"You must be David," Mary said, smiling down at John's nephew, and to John's surprise, extending her hand formally. David shook it, nodding and looking pleased.
Relief trickled in as Sherlock’s breathing began to slow, the panicked look ebbing from his features. John kept up his slow breathing until he was sure Sherlock was out of danger, before he let himself relax very carefully, on alert for any changes.
"You're not going to tell me you have a system for when you want to be found murdered, are you?" John sighed.
"I have a surprise for you," John said, padding barefoot from the tiny hallway into the room. Sherlock glared at him, the expression nearly masking the flicker of interest.
father; Charles was the definition of unflappable, and Irene couldn't recall a time when she'd seen him genuinely upset or off-balance.
"The Yellow Rose in Southwark. Not too far from here, really. Maybe ten minutes by car. Inspector Donovan told you they were putting you on
He moved closer and felt Sherlock's fingers undoing the first two buttons on his shirt. Sherlock pulled out of the kiss then kissed him again, lightly, before trailing his lips across John's jaw. John titled his head, feeling the fabric of his shirt pushed aside, feeling Sherlock's cool fingers against his skin. He closed his eyes, waiting.
"We're here in London, England," he said, his index finger hovering just over the screen. "Here's Manchester, to the northwest. It's a city. Still in England. There's Scotland at the top, Wales in the west, and Ireland and Northern Ireland over here."
He'd made a crude sketch map of the pub from that vantage point and had taken some photos outside as well, of the surrounding buildings and street. Nothing special from what he could tell – a handful of other shops, some flats above those shops, a typical mix of residential and business.
There was a corresponding murmur – half protest, half acquiescence – before Sherlock released John. He rolled onto his back, his head flopping to the side, one arm outstretched so that his hand lolled over the edge of the mattress, his other hand resting on his stomach. John waited to see if he'd wake up, but he didn't – he never did, not when John asked him to move in the middle of the night.
Sherlock nodded, looking relieved. He tightened his arms around John's waist and dropped his chin back onto the doctor's shoulder, pressing a kiss against John's neck.
Sherlock stopped in the middle of the lobby, so abruptly that John had to rein himself in hard to keep from colliding with the detective, ignoring the near impact to scour the area the way Sherlock was doing, searching for and failing to find a familiar face. Those coming or going from the building gave them odd looks, a few startled glances darting their way when Sherlock snarled, a dangerous sound. John put a hand on Sherlock's arm instinctively, the same tension of denial tightening his own muscles.
"He wants to talk to you first," Harry said, coming back in. John rolled his eyes and considered refusing. Mycroft probably wouldn't stoop to having security round him up and escort him out, but the elder Holmes brother would certainly wait until John gave in.
Sherlock let him dislodge himself but kept a careful hold. With John's help, they got Sam leaning against the bland white wall. His green eyes roamed across the ceiling, flickered down, fixed past Sherlock and John's shoulders. John leaned forward in his crouch and examined the agent's pupils as best he could with neither a light nor physical contact.
"You could even make a case that he murdered Sergeant Healy," Morgan snapped. "That doesn't mean he did."
"Patrick Connolly, Doctor Watson. At the hospital, you asked if John Riley was an undercover cop and I said no. But Patrick Connolly was. Sergeant Finn Healey. He'd made it into RIRA and stayed there for almost a year and a half – then he was murdered. It's been twelve years and we still don't know who killed him."
"Because I've been so inclined to do so in the past," he commented dryly. John's lips split into a grin, a chuckle escaping him.
John nodded mechanically, surprised to feel the sudden, brief press of lips on his cheek, and Sherlock was looking abashed – almost defiantly so – as if caught his with hand in a sweets jar. John kissed him in return, not as quickly and on the lips.
It had been simmering slowly beneath the surface – although not for long, because things never moved slowly in Irene’s world. But for long enough. She’d known better than to force the realization; there were times when that worked, when stalking a problem, giving it no mercy, was the right solution.
John checked the address and the name of the sandwich shop against the information he'd stored in his phone. It was a bit out of place in a neighbourhood dominated by more upscale shops and art galleries, but when he stepped inside, the incongruity vanished in the smell of fried food and freshly baked bread.
Only the old masters kept him captivated, returning again and again to chase the meanings in their melodies, all the hidden nuances and suggestions.
John walked Doe through it all slowly, step-by-step. The injured man listened, nodding along, looking at the map of the city John had called up for him. He knew it probably didn't do much, but having some frame of reference might be helpful.
to pass between them, before they both swung their attention back to Bridget, who at least had the decency to look mildly surprised.
"Well," Irene said, stroking a hand over his downy hair, still amazed by the softness, "I will have to have your fathers come stay this weekend. It appears Mummy is going back to work."
, yes yes, breathe, he could do that while nodding, and there were eyes in front of him, so close to his own but pale, like the sea, like ice in winter, like an empty sky but they weren't empty, with dark pupils and focus –
Lestrade hadn’t expected Mitchell to bring someone close to him along. He raised his eyebrows at the appearance of a young blond woman – Mitchell’s fiancée, Lestrade knew from his more up-to-date information. Mitchell introduced them pleasantly enough, but Lestrade had been a cop for a long time – bringing Sandra Casey along hadn’t been Mitchell’s idea and he wasn’t entirely thrilled by it.
"Yeah," John said, feeling as if an answer was required of him. It dawned on him, slowly, that they were dealing with a writer, probably a novelist.
She responded with instructions to come after two in the afternoon, as Mycroft normally napped following lunch now. At one time, the idea of Mycroft being so reduced and susceptible would have given Sherlock a good deal of smug pleasure.
The end of the tunnel closest to the stairs – what John thought of as the main area – was lit with floodlights by the time they returned, making them squint slightly as their eyes adjusted. Thrown into such unforgiving light, the art on the walls seemed both starker and more vivid. The portrait of the girl seemed to have aged with the illumination. John took another picture of it, wondering what the artist had intended when it had been painted.
He undressed his partner slowly, taking the time to drape Sherlock’s clothing over the back of one of the two armchairs in the bedroom, knowing Sherlock wouldn’t want to pick out another outfit. John used the motions to cover his real intent, letting his fingers and his eyes skim over Sherlock’s skin, looking for any tell tale marks, no matter how small.
The doctor put aside his glass, liberating Sherlock's as well, to unbutton and slip the suit jacket from Sherlock's shoulders for the second time that day. The knowing smile was enough of an indication that John hadn't missed the faint shudder Sherlock hadn't quite been able to repress.
Sherlock's features were pinched with displeasure but he nodded. John gave him a wan smile and left to catch a cab.
"A vague accusation that someone has accessed secrets at the highest levels of the British government?
John exhaled another slow sigh, wondering if he’d ever had any will power at all and, if so, where it had gone. Sherlock seemed to have dismantled that as expertly as he’d done away with rest of John’s inhibitions, and the doubts he’d had about the whole thing in the beginning.
He took a deep breath, let it out slowly, alert to any change in John's presence that would indicate his partner had picked up on that momentary discomfort. He didn't want John guessing the truth, but more so, he didn't want John attributing it to him having lost his way.
He didn't even protest when Irene saddled him with Aaron so she could eat undisturbed, backing his chair up slightly to avoid baby hands in the food or getting hold of the silverware. Had it just been them, John would have taken a picture of the faintly uncomfortable, stoic look Sherlock wore while Aaron squirmed in his arms, pushing himself up on tiny legs to plant a palm smack on Sherlock's face.
of the problems. There were always so many, clamouring for his attention, the personal distraction of John threatening to push itself to the forefront. For a moment, Sherlock felt his mind stutter, on the verge of being dragged back by the swell of sound in his office, but he refocused, slipping away again.
"Please," Sherlock said, extending the piece of paper to her, expression all innocent guile. Hassard let out a sigh, hands on her hips.
“It can’t all be international conspiracies. I had a GI complain to me once that us medical staff were all keeping secrets.”
"Fine," he agreed and turned back to his work. His voice had been neutral – no hint of irritation that he was being forced to eat. Just a brief dismissal. John stared at the back of Sherlock's head for a moment, then sucked in a deep breath. He let himself out of the flat, shutting the door behind him a little louder than necessary.
Voices drifting, in-out, like the tides, filling, draining. Who needs what, where, how much, when, why. Distant, closer, distant. There was a name for that. What was it?
The air was thicker now, the smoke closing in on them ahead of the flames. John's eyes stung with it, tearing up in a futile defense. He blinked rapidly, feeling the tears track down his cheeks, but trying to clear his vision didn't help much. The flashlights were rapidly becoming useless, unable to cut through the haze.
"I know from my own investigations that some our neighbours do own binoculars and enjoy watching the sea for boats and sea life, so I suggest you close the side of the cabana. I suspect we can leave the front open for the view without becoming the view ourselves."
Sherlock straightened abruptly, startling John. Without a word, he spun and stalked from the room. John hurried to keep up, feeling stunned and numb. Mycroft had made the same argument to him years ago. He'd vaguely assumed that that Mycroft wasn't alone, that there were other people in the government with the same sort of power and ideas. For some reason, he'd always felt like he would never encounter them, that maybe knowing Mycroft would keep them at bay. He should have suspected the opposite – that knowing Mycroft made it more likely that he would meet them.
I have seen series 3, but since this series isn't series 3 compliant, I've taken some creative liberties with Sherlock's name. Only a bit.
He felt vaguely guilty about it, but surely the background checks Sherlock had done on the three potential nurses had been a lot more invasive. Besides, he told himself, all employers did it now, and he wanted to know something about each woman before she came in. Sherlock could give him a detailed history right down to date and time of birth (and probably birth weight, if John felt he needed to know), but the human side was never quite captured in all the facts.
She'd have to tell John, too – maybe not the best news to get first thing in the morning, but since no one had been killed today (yet), she supposed it could be worse.
John strained to keep his voice steady despite the sudden shock. "You didn't even think about that, did you? You just knew how to zoom in."
John's lips formed a question, the words evaporating before they were voiced. Searching Sherlock's eyes again, looking for some hint that he'd misunderstood, or was being misled.
It meant nothing to John, but the sharp reaction from his partner was evidence that it meant something to Sherlock. He glanced at Irene, seeing mild shock reflected on her features, and pressed his lips together against a question when she gave a small shake of her head.
"Within reason," John sighed and Sherlock feigned a pout before burrowing his face in John's shoulder. John grinned and laced a hand into his hair, tugging lightly.
"You'll have to go easy on him," John said on their way into the hospital. Sherlock glanced down at him with a mild scowl. "I mean it. He's been badly hurt and has no memory."
He got no answer as Sherlock's eyes narrowed, searching and assessing – something that looked like hesitation around the edges of his expression. Not, John thought, about him. About the case itself, or about his injury.
"Moriarty died when I shot him. His body was recovered from the river less than two hours later. Veronique took a picture of his corpse and gave it to you. You had it saved on your phone but you deleted the image and threw the phone in the river two years ago. It's 2017. It's been five years. You survived the fall and recovered. You returned to your life. You married a nurse at St. Mary's named Sandra Casey in Edinburgh on the eighth of April of this year."
Somewhere in London, the people who had put John Riley in the hospital were doing the same, going about their lives, unrestrained, unworried. The man in the bed in front of him seemed too reduced to have been able to do anything that horrific. And when he was awake, too trusting, too inquisitive.
The waitress stared at him a moment before realization flashed across her features. She bit her lip, eyes darting away as she thought, and John watched her twitch her hands slightly, as if trying to use the movement to pin down the memory.
John was sitting at the desk, cheek squashed against his left fist to keep himself braced and upright. He was listening to Sherlock pace their disaster zone of a flat, muttering to himself, sometimes directing comments at the skull or at John, sometimes plucking notes on his violin, filling the air with snatches of music. The monologue had changed since earlier that evening – or yesterday, John wasn't even sure anymore. They had more information now, but it still seemed useless. William McKinney didn't know who his hired killer was or how to contact him. They had no idea who would be next. A shudder ran through John as he realized he'd thought that.
He wrapped a hand around Sherlock's neck, pulling the detective down into a bruising kiss, fumbling with his free hand for something on one of the hooks next to him. Sherlock growled when John pulled away, expression shifting to surprise when John pulled the hat over his curls.
She gave him a hospital gown and a biohazard bag for his shirt; John ducked into a toilet, half wishing he'd been wearing a light jacket or jumper, but the August temperatures hadn't necessitated that. He stuffed the shirt in the bag, happy to see the back of it, and cleaned up his jeans as best he could. Sherlock had, luckily enough – if it could be called luckily – thrown up mostly on John's shirt.
He stood abruptly, startling his sleeping dog somewhat. Sam moved two quick paces away from the chair and stood still for a moment before looking back at Sherlock. His green eyes were bright and dark, his features were etched with reluctance.
"You'd better," John warned. His only answer was a retreating view of Sherlock but a minute later the door into the garden was eased open. John hurried to it as fast as his protesting body would allow, stepping gratefully into the dryness. He closed his eyes instinctively when he felt something on his face, breath catching and making his ribs ache.
"It says you have some previous injuries that are consistent with military service. Does that ring any bells?"
It was always annoying when Tina wasn't there; she was an indispensable barrier between him and the tediousness of other people, adept at redirection and confounding even the most persistent of self-important clients.
Sherlock's lips twitched into a smile and he kissed John again, more slowly and deeply this time. The doctor sighed and pressed himself closer to his husband, resting a hand on the curve of Sherlock's lower back, pulling him nearer. Sherlock slid his left leg between John's thighs and the doctor sighed as they pulled apart.
The name was one Irene hadn't come across before: Jennifer O'Haughan, née Moriarty, born seventeen months after Jim, to the same parents, and privately adopted within a week of her birth.
The hint of fresh air as he slipped from the cab was short lived; the sensation broadened as other scents were identified – dust, petrol, rubbish, the general pollution of the city. The cabbie pulled away, unconcerned, and Sherlock hovered, pretending to check his phone, drawing the illusion of boredom and normality around him. Any eyes watching – real eyes – would pass him by, disregarding, giving him the opportunity to slip away unremarked.
“What is the world coming to?” John asked, unable to repress the small smile quirking on his lips despite the dark glower Sherlock threw his way.
When she'd gone, he stood inside the entry to their flat, Sam, the dog, sniffing vaguely around his ankles before giving him an expectant look.
Sherlock only grunted, which John took as an affirmative. With a sigh, he picked the phone up off the coffee table and put it on speaker.
Those who hadn't seen the value of allegiance – or at least cooperation – before had come into line after Jim's disappearance. No one knew what or how or where, and Sherlock had never confirmed nor denied anything, but everyone knew he'd played some role in that.
"I brought you a magazine and a book in case you get bored with the telly," he said, passing them over. He watched the movement carefully – Doe reached out instinctively with his left hand; there was no hesitation there. He'd noted that yesterday but it had been lost in the shock of realising Doe knew how to use a smartphone touch screen.
"No, but some well placed calls, including one to Lestrade, could get you into a hospital overnight for observation, although given that John's a doctor, I'm going to guess you're not sick. Seriously, Sherlock, what's going on? Nine days I haven't heard a single thing from you."
"You'll think of something," John said, giving him a reassuring and faintly patronizing pat on the leg. "Go have a coffee and a cigarette and let me finish this. I'll be done by the time you are."
, not here, not anywhere and disappointment wasn't enough to coax him, pushing back against the guilt, avoiding saddened eyes and he knew it would all be taken away now, the soap, the razor, the suit, and he would be curled up in the corner alone in the darkness but he wouldn't anyway, he wouldn't, lips pressed together in a line, staring at the wall that was the floor beneath him, hands behind his back because that was where they went when Sherlock left–
"I have something for you," he said. Sherlock nodded. The doctor paused again, then crossed the room to his suitcase which lay open on its rack and bent over it, shifting through his clothing in search of something. Sherlock enjoyed the view – John always looked amazing in jeans and the detective was glad he wore them on a regular basis. Today he was wearing a dark blue pair with a simple white cargo shirt. Sherlock enjoyed the contrasting colours and the way the shirt highlighted the tan John had acquired easily over the course of a week. It was not surprising that he tanned so readily, given his time in Afghanistan. Sherlock made a mental note that they should visit Frontignan more frequently. He liked the way John looked with darker skin.
John laughed. He had no doubt his niece was going to be bright – she already was. With her parents and the adults that surrounded her, this wasn't surprising. He was pretty sure that Sherlock was already teaching her to memorize the pattern of the streets and traffic lights in the blocks that surrounded her flat.
With effort, Sherlock wrenched his eyes open, meeting John's gaze, brown eyes dark and gleaming. The belt fell open and John undid Sherlock's trousers – too slowly, making Sherlock's shudder, hips pressing upward again as the zipper dragged across his already aching cock.
Sherlock finished what he could of his composition and packed his violin away carefully before taking it back upstairs. Hudson followed next to him, her steps as silent as his, watching him intently as he stowed the instrument in its usual space.
More of a boy, really, caught in that cumbersome stage where he was no longer a child but not yet an adult, thin but with a hint of wiry strength that was masked in part by his slouching stance and the fatigue around his eyes. He was athletic and would never be bulky, but he would be tall. He hadn't hit his growth spurt yet but he was already above average height for his age. Sherlock remembered very well what that felt like – uncomfortable, awkward, clumsy. Playing sports would help, though – he had the wrong build for rugby but was well designed for football. The physical activity – which Sherlock had always despised as an adolescent – would make his height easier to bear, balance it out somewhat.
because he gave me a really good tip. We'd always chat, but nothing important. The weather, football."
But he wasn't alone, not yet, and nothing was taken away. The words hovered, tongue tasting them, wanting to turn them into real things, but he resisted, ignoring Sherlock's voice which had gone silent anyway, listening to nothing like the scrape of the razor, the brush of hot flannel. He could taste the disappointment too – Sherlock's, not his – but subtle, like a flavour he couldn't identify only really he could but it was all undercurrents and Sherlock kept his own voice quiet, kept his own words locked up where they couldn't get out and sneak away.
"No time, Mycroft!" Sherlock called back, catching John's hand, pulling them both toward the door. Sherlock's name sounded behind them again; it was easily ignored as they pushed out of the building, John squinting slightly in the sudden sunlight, shading his eyes to clatter down the steps towards the street, where Sherlock dislodged some hapless stranger from the cab he'd just hailed, a curt tone and a twenty pound note suppressing any protest from the driver.
"Then let me do my job. I'm certain the doctors would tell you that your priority is to rest and recover." He gave Mycroft a small, tight smile. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have work to do. Information from Anthea. I mean it."
"Why? Why would he do this? He killed three people – that we know of – cleanly, without witnesses. He made sure they were dead. This doesn't fit his pattern. Two at once? And why Mycroft and McKinney at the same time? Why not any of the others? Is he working his way through the men first? But that makes no sense either! We
"It was better after Mum and Dad split up, I think. At least Mum knew how smart you were even if she didn't really know what to do with it. You could have gone to uni. Maybe you should have gone to uni, Gabe. Maybe it would have been better. I don't know. You were miserable."
John heard a noise slip past his lips; the shudder – his own, Sherlock's – pulled him back, limbs tingling as though awareness was like blood flow returning. There was a soft sigh, audible only as the breath moved past his ear; John laced his fingers into Sherlock's curls, keeping him where he was. For a moment, he wanted nothing direct, no real acknowledgement of what this was. A farewell – not to memory but to an idea, a possibility that hadn't really been possible at all.
his house, and that he wasn't above calling the police. By the time John managed to get Mycroft to leave, Sherlock had entrenched himself in some experiment and had refused to speak for hours.
The fresh air and the city streets helped him parse the conversation into something approaching coherence. There had been a time, years ago, when talking to Jim had made sense, at least on the surface. Even then, there had been undercurrents beneath the undercurrents, so many veiled layers that nothing could be taken at face value.
"Mm-hmm," John agreed. Sherlock cracked one eye open, managing to glare at him nonetheless. Then he opened his other eye and frowned.
John raised his eyebrows, wondering if Sherlock had given in and taken the case Mycroft had offered a couple of days ago or if this was something else. He went back to the photos, trying to see anything else of value.
They broke into the night air as suddenly as John and Alexandre had come to the base of the stairs, the shock of fresh air making John stumble. Military and medical instinct made him let go of Sherlock as he lost his balance, vaguely aware of the grunt behind him as Lestrade and Amanda took all of Sherlock's weight.
He glanced up when John came back in from his walk, marking his page with a long index finger. He swept his eyes over his husband, looking for signs that John's shoulder was bothering him, but there were none. This pleased him – he had anticipated that the sudden change in pressure that signalled the approaching storm might have aggravated his old injury. It was difficult to predict when this would happen. Sometimes the merest change in the weather could do it. Other times, more drastic changes wouldn't affect him at all. Perhaps it had something to do with John's emotional state as well? He was far more relaxed here, which may prevent low levels of tension in his body. Sherlock would have to study this and determine if he were correct.
Doe looked back at him and nodded, but John thought it wasn't really agreement, just something to do. He winced and started coughing again, reaching instinctively for his water. John waited until the fit had passed then refilled the glass. By the time he was done that short task, it was clear his visit was over. Doe was struggling to stay awake so John gave him a smile and shook his head.
He wanted to say something about further experiments and about Sherlock being free to ask for whatever he wanted, but the mouth against his was making speech impossible, and his mind was begging for surrender, exhausted and lulled by the relief and the warm body fitted around his, smelling of salt and sweat and sex.
John had a splendid view of that – the slight quirk of lips, the gleam of promise in Sherlock's grey eyes.
"Nope." John waited, watching Sherlock watching him. "He's paid his time, apparently. Informant. Got found out though, so they had to move him here, give him a different name. Oh yeah, that's right. His name
"Sherlock!" Mycroft's voice echoed, augmented by the marble flooring, as he strode toward them. Sherlock snarled again; John ignored them both, clicking on the link on his phone, eyes widening when the YouTube video began to play.
John kept a wry smile to himself; he'd have a fantastic time, and it would drive Sherlock absolutely mad to have his niece and nephew in their flat all weekend, messing everything up and tearing apart the furniture.
She nodded again, mutely; John considered removing the gag, but of all the bindings, that was the least inconvenient.
It was a dummy with a tiny moustache painted on it and a ridiculous pun that made John’s lips twitch into a slight smile, some of his tension easing.
He wasn't especially angry with Sherlock and that annoyed him. He wanted to be – he felt like he could have been justified in it, but part of him recognized that as untrue. It irritated him that he was being so ridiculous, like a little child who hadn't got his way.
According to the sales clerk who had been interviewed, Doe came in about every other week and always bought the same thing: regular tea. He paid in cash – John raised an eyebrow at that but wasn't surprised – and occasionally looked around the shop but never bought anything else that the man could remember. John checked the store's hours online – they were closed now, of course, but he could go round tomorrow and see if the salesman remembered anything else.
"I'm glad for your reassurance on the matter, John," Mycroft said and sounded sincere. Sherlock wondered darkly what his brother had picked up from John's face, if he could tell they'd slept together on the couch. The first time that they'd genuinely slept with one another in over a week was no one else's business, but knowing Mycroft, it had already been laid bare.
John did, grinning behind his own visor as the city zipped past, the downward slope of the streets taking them toward the river. The Eiffel Tower came into view, and John made a mental note to buy them tickets when he had a moment on his phone without Sherlock paying attention – the detective might gripe and mutter, but John wanted to see it first hand, and he'd bet Sherlock had never actually been.
, then," John said. He placed another kiss against Sherlock's chest then in the hollow between his collarbones then just above that on his neck. He felt his husband's body respond, pressing closer to him, shifting for more contact.
"Please," McKinney whispered, waving a hand, really no more then a small flex of his fingers. John crossed the room and picked up the chart from the end of the bed, eyes skimming it with professional ease.
And sleeping upstairs might make it more restful for him, but if Sherlock had a bad night, it would only make it that much worse for the detective.
The look Sherlock gave him was long and slow, that unreadable, penetrating grey eyed stare that still made John feel like he was a five year old caught nicking sweets. He held himself against it, shifting even more into army mode, returning it with his best captain's glower, hoping like hell the jump of his pulse in his neck wasn't giving him away.
There was too much happening right now – far too much for it to be coincidental. Sherlock was used to the demands on his time, used to having multiple pieces in play at any given moment, and even to the plots of others infringing on his world, needing to be dealt with.
"You're always useful," Sherlock retorted, the thin press of his lips almost affronted. John grinned, giving his partner's bicep a squeeze, replacing uncertainty with a quick affection.
He’d just arrived, seemingly innocuous, and Sherlock’s gaze had danced right passed him at first, but a second glance revealed it all – his posture, the way he held his book, the tilt of his head, the colour of his shoes. He might as well have been wearing a sign announcing it, except that it was only Sherlock’s awareness he wanted.
John woke up before his alarm, which wasn't unusual when he had to work; three years on, the army punctuality was still ingrained.
They went back to the ward in silence – a couple of times, John wondered if he should say something, but even if he’d known what, Sherlock’s expression would have stopped him.
– about his attack and his safety and other specifics he couldn't follow. She talked to Donovan and John Watson about RIRA and the IRA and informants and identities being compromised. He'd tried to understand but he didn't even have the basics – RIRA seemed to be something none of them liked, but John had no idea what it meant.
On the surface, it might have been written about Irene Adler; the references to the woman in the poem were suggestive enough to insinuate an intimate connection, but if Sherlock
"Five? Five! You let me run around stupidly while you had five actual theories about him that might have helped – and I wasted my time on a bloody fucking
But what had he meant? What words was Sherlock getting wrong? Which version of the rhyme was he supposed to be looking at? Where was it leading them? There were too many variables, both in terms of individuals and adaptations of the rhyme. It seemed the rhyme could vary not only from country to country but from person to person, depending on what one remembered learning as a child.
"Up the street," Claire clarified, gesturing vaguely towards the front of the house. "For the life of me, I can't remember what his family was called… They weren't here long, though."
"No, Sherlock!" John snapped, rounding on him, a finger jabbing into Sherlock's chest hard enough to be felt through the thick fabric of his coat. "No! No more excuses! You
That would keep Sherlock occupied while giving John a better sense of his situation – if there was anyone suspicious – Mary or any of her people – Sherlock would pick up on it. They needed to take any advantage they had right now; the thought of Sherlock back in the hospital, or worse, made it difficult to see properly.
"You think my brother is helpless?" Sherlock asked, arching an eyebrow. "Asking me was a means of taking the work away from him. Simplifies his life while complicating mine."
"It is," Irene agreed. "And someone may very well be watching. Which is why Irene Adler will be staying home today, with her infant son and his two fathers. How do I look?"
The urgency to get to the Yard took a back seat to Sherlock's hair; John didn't say anything about it, whiling away his time by checking his blog and his email as the detective fussed and preened, emerging fifteen minutes later – although if pressed, he'd probably insist it had only taken three.
he thought, then sighed. It was hardly a suspicious activity not to cause a fuss in a shop – or at least, it shouldn't be. He chuckled wryly to himself.
John refocused on the present when Tricia led him into a café. The place was air conditioned far too much for his liking but there were several vacant tables outside and he left Tricia with his order while he claimed their seats. A few minutes later, Tricia joined him with tea and scones for both of them and John grinned.
Bruising his fingertips, shocking nerves along his whole body. Sherlock reached out again, pressing down but the resistance fell away, refusing him, pinning him where he was.
the point? The question chased itself around in Sherlock's mind – there was no obvious solution but there
This wasn't quite the same as the other times Sherlock had really let himself mourn his mother's death. It lacked the stunned quality of the first time, the shock that had caught him unawares. And it wasn't the desperate anguish of the second time, spilling out when it became impossible to contain, sorrow mixed with rage. This was a deeper grief, not as sharp. This was a real understanding that she was gone and sadness, genuine sadness. Almost acceptance. For the first time, John thought that Sherlock might comprehend it and might actually believe it. That he might not be trying fervently to fight it, as if by doing so he could alter reality and undo the past four months.
Irene nodded, and there was no need for Rose Kelly's false commiseration. She'd never been afraid of flying but had always found it tedious in the extreme, particularly to London. Flying by private jet was the only option, of course, but even then, there were so many tiresome processes and delays.
Sherlock huffed quietly, turning his eyes away again to look out toward the sea. He heard John shift, the rustling of fabric indicating that the doctor was sitting cross-legged, turned toward him. Sherlock glanced back and John held his eyes steadily. The detective resisted fidgeting – he had disliked Sarah's intrusion in their lives when John had first met her, although he had not wanted to admit to jealousy at the time. That was petty and beneath him, but John was clearly his. He always had been. For some reason, Sarah had not seemed to understand this.
"What?" John demanded. Sherlock spared Bridget a glance; she was leaning against the wall, arms folded, expression not quite shuttered enough to mask the hint of curiosity and apprehension.
, he thought, even though Sandra rarely did. She unlocked the door to their flat and a moment later, Sam heard the tread of footsteps on the stairs. His features twitched into a frown; the sound was familiar. He drew in a deep breath to let out a sigh, then froze.
John warred with himself for a long moment before relenting, relaxing his grip enough that Sherlock released him, letting him put his phone away.
"So that's where the trust me in comes from, is it?" John asked, raising his eyebrows, and there was a hint of mixed humour and seriousness in his tone. Sherlock shook his head, tracing his thumb over the contour of John's ear into short blond hair.
to go, they never needed to go– he wanted to tell John but there was no way – they could just stay here and sink down from the pain and everything would make sense again, it
"You were brilliant. As usual," John said, squeezing Sherlock's unresponsive hand, letting go – reluctantly – when the orderlies came back in with the gurney to transfer him to the ICU.
except the pain that roared through him, still trapped inside, bouncing off the confines of his skin and reverberating, feeding on itself, tearing
"Yeah," John said, reluctantly letting go to the hopes the detective's admission had sparked. He shouldn't have expected that much, and for Sherlock even to remember the smell of the smoke was remarkable. He should hold onto that, he told himself.
He had faint calluses on his fingers where they gripped the wheel of his car for hours on end and was occasionally rotating his wrists to ease the stiffness that came from repetitive strain injuries. In all probability, he had observed that neither Sherlock nor John were intoxicated and were likely to pay their fares – but little else.
John shifted slightly and Sherlock moved minutely toward him. He felt Sherlock's hands on his waist after a moment, resting against his shirt just above his belt. They stayed there for a few seconds then skimmed very lightly upward, his fingertips tracing John's chest then the skin on his throat where his shirt parted and his flesh was exposed. He felt goose bumps at the contact but also felt curiously disconnected from it. A week ago, the sensation would have gone straight through him, making him want more.
"Gabe, you're a man who's happy because he's worked to make himself happy. Maybe not right now, this instant, but mostly. I know this is terrible and I know it must seem like it won't ever end. But two weeks ago, you
The goose bumps that sprang up on his partner’s skin caused the same reaction on his own, and John felt a dull thrum of warmth settle in his stomach, one that had nothing to do with being curled up under a downy duvet with another person next to him. He shut his eyes, trying to breathe the sensation away.
She did, and Sherlock listened, committing it all to memory, pulling it all apart – every word, every intonation, every meaning, fragmenting all of it down to its frustratingly meaningless components. Arnaud answered each of his interrupting questions, hanging onto patience with tight fists, and he could see John doing the same, curling and uncurling his fingers like he did when he wasn't sure what to do, couldn't do anything at all.
"He's a professional killer, John. Wielding a weapon like that, he probably only needed a few minutes to adjust to the weight and the grip before feeling comfortable enough with it to deliver blows like this. He may play cricket but I wouldn't count on it – not with his level of expertise. He's referencing the Murray case by using the bat."
"Only because Mycroft called you in," John insisted. "Sherlock, he can do this. He can catch this man. Let it go. It's– look at yourself! You've lost weight and you're barely sleeping – you're a wreck! For god's sake, Sherlock, let it go!"
One hour spent working would get the distraction out of his system, and Sherlock would then happily indulge in a day in bed with John.
He hoped his husband knew that. John turned his eyes to Sherlock's chair where the detective was sleeping, slumped over. It looked uncomfortable: he was slouched down with his head tilted back enough to rest on the back cushion. His left leg was drawn up onto the chair and his right was in front of him to brace himself. He'd probably fallen asleep with his head propped on his hand, but had slumped out of that position at some point.
He wasn't one to remember his dreams and hated when he did, particularly when they were so jarring. The sensation of Irene right behind him, breath against his ear, made him shudder. It
"You can go lurk and sneak around a building, leaving everyone wondering what the hell you're doing," Lestrade said with a grin. "Should be right up your street."
He pressed down with his palm, brushing over the damp spot at the head with his thumb, swallowing a tiny whimper. John dragged his first two fingers up, pressing on either side of the head, and tugged lightly. Sherlock came with a quiet, startled gasp, and John swept his thumb over the damp spot again, humming against his partner's lips as Sherlock shuddered.
a mug here – coaster – but not this one. It's been wiped clean, carefully. Probably brand new. Something in
"Six and a half pounds," the detective murmured, eyes sliding away. John cupped Sherlock's chin and applied a gentle pressure with his thumb until Sherlock brought his eyes back up reluctantly.
"John," he whispered. John's features pinched and relaxed and he exhaled a soft sigh. "John. Wake up."
The prices here were well above Mary Morstan’s pay grade – not that she was paying herself. The job came with perks as well as risks; she probably would have taken it regardless, to keep the boredom at bay and out of genuine curiosity about the events surrounding Holmes’ captivity in Pakistan.
It was far too soon to be seen to take another client – there were expectations to be managed, and she was a rare commodity. She needed to be perceived that way. The more limited her services, the higher the demand for them.
All three officers and the patient froze at the same time. He locked eyes with Donovan, looking startled and confused.
"Hardly. Her old mobile number isn't going to work anymore – nor are any of the email addresses Lassalle gave us,
"John's not the only one in your marriage with courage, Sherlock," Sandra said gently. He opened his mouth to say something but she shook her head, holding up a hand for his silence. "When I first met him, he stayed awake nearly three days straight in the hospital waiting for you to wake up. Three days sitting by your bed, refusing to leave your room, talking to you, holding your hand, just being there with you. I see that a lot, believe me, but there was something different about John. He was terrified and he kept at it."
"Almost nothing," Sherlock replied, earning a surprised look. "The only thing of value made no sense. He insisted he wasn't going to talk about it – about Magnussen, that is, and then insisted he wouldn't tell me anything about the girl."
Sherlock settled down, stretched out on his left side, propped on his left elbow. He was facing John, but at enough of an angle where he could see the shore. John sat cross-legged, facing toward the sea as well. They ate in silence, listening to the sound of the surf, watching the moonlit waves crash and break against the sand.
"He looks… familiar," Sherlock said. John tried not to let the admission bother him, but Sherlock rarely made that kind of connection. Either he would have recognized Alexandre immediately or have deleted him completely.
Sherlock hesitated only a fraction of a second before pushing himself up, aware of the subtle submissive tells – the slight downward angle of his chin, the softening of his posture – but unable to stop them.
John stirred slightly, aware that a momentary cold spot on the other side of the bed was being replaced by a warm body as Sherlock slipped back between the sheets.
The smile on John's face told Sam that Sherlock was not really upset, only being difficult because he could. John shrugged, looking pleasantly unconcerned.
He snapped awake in the darkness, so tense muscles were aching, not just a memory of how it had felt, but in genuine protest. Trying for a deep slow breath didn't work; his lungs held on for too long a moment before he could exhale, accompanied by a flash of panic that it might wake John. That maybe it already had.
Unsurprisingly, there was already a military police vehicle there and a sergeant and a corporal were establishing a perimeter around the house, moving with silent precision, speaking to each other only with gestures and nods. No lights were flashing, no attention was being drawn – at three-thirty in the morning, Mycroft was attempting discretion. There were no neighbours gathered around like there would have been if the Met had been called to investigate and a quick glance down the block with its darkened detached homes indicated most of the inhabitants were still safely asleep.
"Give me a minute." Waiting for the topical analgesic to take effect gave him time to get the needled threaded, but even with the area around the cut numbed, Sherlock flinched lightly at each stitch. John did as little as possible, and didn't miss the sigh of relief when he finished.
Richards thought she was about six years old and a blue heeler-border collie cross. Sam liked her colouring, vivid black and speckled white. The former sergeant had called her Jess for something to call her, after one of his daughters. Sam wasn't sure it suited her. Richards had told Sam he was free to rename her. She answered to Jess and had taken to it quickly. She was a bright dog, that much was obvious to Sam even after twenty-four hours.
And not because he'd clearly helped himself to the unopened packet of biscuits John had bought just the other day, or the way he'd commandeered one of Mrs. Hudson's best tea cups and saucers to enjoy a cuppa while seated in Sherlock's chair – or even really the fact that he'd waltzed in while they were away, as if he had the right.
Now, Sherlock sought the same refuge as he had a few days before, but the violin seemed out of sync with him, the melodies he drew from the strings false and stilted. If his mother were here, he might have managed it; he'd always been able to follow on the trails she'd led him, even when the music was at its most obstinate.
Irene refocused, drawing a pad of paper to her and plucking a pen from the brass holder on the desk. She made a list of everyone who had come into her life, even tangentially, since the night when Mycroft had sprung Charles Magnussen on his unsuspecting brother. Men and women, so as not to prejudice herself, and included those who had recently re-entered her life as she began taking on her old clients.
Balance of probability given the higher percentage of women in the world, John. Didn't you train as a doctor?
He was somewhat astonished to realize how he was relieved that his brother had done this. Surprised, yes, of course, but also profoundly relieved. Catching this professional killer would be no small feat, especially given that William McKinney had no idea who the man was. But apprehending him would probably also have driven Sherlock to an early grave. Mycroft had just lost his mother. He had no desire to lose another family member, as much as Sherlock probably would not have believed that.
"It's really not–" John began, interrupted when Sherlock spoke over him as though he hadn't said anything at all.
Clothing had masked the worst of it, but there had been no concealing the damage done to the exposed parts – face and hands – nor the halting stiffness of his movements.
John fought down a snarl, tired of that word, the way it shut down all conversation – shut down Sherlock. Grey eyes met his, briefly, flashing defiance, and the set of his partner's jaw told him Sherlock wasn't waiting to be coaxed, wasn't about to give in.
The look Sherlock shot him from across the small space in the cab would have been enough to turn the atmosphere frosty if it hadn't been mid-August – and if John hadn't known his partner so well.
Sherlock stared at him as if he'd grown another head, irritation flaring in his grey eyes. John knew he'd likely lose to work – a full weekend off was rare for Sherlock, but there was no reason John should spend it on his own.
A knock on the door distracted him and John stood, wincing slightly at the stiffness in his muscles. He was expecting Harry, or Mycroft and Sherlock's parents, but a police escort consisting of Lestrade and Amanda, as well as two uniformed officers, flanking Alexandre and his family caught John up short.
John loved it, every chaotic minute of it, and it was more than enough to offset the increasingly rarer moments when Sherlock's memory failed him. Even those faded to habitual tasks like making tea or moving from one room to another in search of something. John guided him through it at first, but backed off more and more as time wore on, letting Sherlock work through it, intervening only when absolutely necessary.
Balanced on a knife's edge where Sherlock loved to keep him, mouth and tongue working like they'd been made for this, and John didn't know how and wasn't surprised by the fact that a man who made such caustic, cutting comments could be so good at this kind of torture.
To anyone else – probably even to Sandra – Gabriel would look entirely normal, rested and composed. To Sherlock, who was attuned to any change in those around him and who was looking for it, the small signs were like the neon lights of Piccadilly Circus. Slight creasing around his eyes, a hint of tension in his jaw and neck.
Sam insisted on doing the washing up afterwards despite her protests, shooing her into the living room. Sandra took the opportunity to curl up on the sofa, and surf the internet, the telly on low in the background. It felt peaceful, normal, unhurried. When he finally joined her on the sofa, she turned the telly off and passed the laptop to him without a word – he took it with a brief, questioning glance at the page displayed on the screen.
They needed to let the ground floor flat. They’d needed to let it for months. John knew that. He knew Sherlock knew that. They’d placed an advert, they’d interviewed a handful of people.
John gritted his teeth, eyes screwed shut, pushing back despite the stab of pain. Sherlock's free hand pressed against his abdomen, keeping them together, accentuating the growing pressure in his groin. A groan reverberated in John's ear, hot breath against his skin, and he twisted his head enough to find Sherlock in a messy kiss as the detective began thrusting, hitting his prostate with each stroke.
"What? You mean like, are you working for the criminal mastermind who pretended to be Harry's girlfriend?"
"Look at the way he's lying," Sherlock said, crouching down, not at all concerned with the state of the dead man at his feet. "Face down, hands beneath him. If he'd been forced off the bridge backwards, he would likely have landed on his back, face up. He wasn't thrown off – that sort of action is awkward and difficult. We know our killer is between five-foot-ten and five-foot-eleven. Brace was six feet. Not impossible to imagine he could have been picked up and thrown over, but unlikely. It would take more effort than necessary."
"Don't," Sherlock said softly, snapping the word like a whip, keeping John from saying something in anger that he
A shift in the darkness caught Sherlock's eye, and the irritation at John's absence and his inescapable mental presence subsumed by sudden concentration.
“This way,” Molly said, and John caught Sherlock rolling his eyes – of course he knew where to go (although privately John was glad for the evidence of his memory working well enough here). They followed behind her, Sherlock’s gait still much slower than normal, and slightly shuffling.
"Why not take a friend with you?" John asked. "To Sussex. You don't have to go alone. Make a short holiday of it."
"Mm, not yet," Angela replied. "Perhaps if you give me a week. I can follow up with some contacts of mine."
"What do you want?" John called from the kitchen, pulling open the thankfully head-free fridge and skimming the shelves with his eyes.
"Baker Street," Sherlock ordered, each word dropped like a ton of bricks, leaving no room for argument. "
He was cut off suddenly by the buzz from the door. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and then disentangled himself from John, slipping his wedding ring back onto his finger. John watched the movement, remembering the first time he'd put the ring on Sherlock's hand, how awed he'd felt. How lucky. He remembered splaying his left hand over Sherlock's heart that night in bed, captivated by the colours of the metals against Sherlock's pale skin.
"It'll go better for you if you don't fight, Doctor Watson. We don't want to hurt you but we will if we have to."
It was a woman, three stories up and tied precariously to the edge of an unstable-looking scaffolding platform, her face largely obscured by the gag covering her mouth. Despite that, and the distance that separated them, John could see her features well enough to recognize her.
He nodded at Sherlock, who drew a pen knife deftly from a pocket and sliced a neat line through the plastic next to the door frame. Sherlock twitched the now-loose plastic aside with one foot; John positioned himself quickly to fire if needed.
"Two, even," Hassard replied, standing on tiptoes to take it down, making a face at the thick layer of dust. Harry took it with a tea towel, shooting John a mild scowl.
He wanted it to end, his whole body hot and tense, the smell of sweat and sex assailing his nostrils – but oh god he wanted it to go on forever and risked a desperate glance down, swallowing hard when Sherlock met his gaze, grey eyes dark with wide pupils, lips swollen when he pulled away to lick them slowly.
"Information," Mycroft said smoothly, coolly, succeeding only in raising John's hackles all the more. "Decisions have consequences, John. He needs to know that."
