Other guests had crashed in the living room, and Dean tiptoed his way out with practiced stealth. He looked at each of the college kids, sprawled in the chairs or in piles of blankets on the floor, and couldn’t fathom what their lives must be like. What it must have been like to find each other.
"No, I'm afraid even our Heaven is limited to this universe. Jack's traveling between them, you know. The dimensions of the afterlife are complicated, but this Heaven is contained within the folds of our observable universe. Besides, that one," Cas brings his free hand up to trace the spot Dean pointed at, "is Uranus."
UPFRONT WARNING: MIND THE TAGS
It meant something with Benny, though. Not love, but maybe in another life it could have been.
I mean, thank you for telling me, finally, but dude, I've known since we were kids."
here.
Miracle goes absolutely mad with joy, jumping up on Dean until he gives in and plunks down in the grass to let the dog hop all over him and lick his face. It's first real feeling of warmth he's experienced in a goddamn while, to be remembered and loved and instantly forgiven.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Dean stares at it. "What? Why?"
After another twenty minutes and a couple of turns that lead them up and away from the sound of the rushing river somewhere out of sight, they walk into a new copse of trees and Dean can just
"Well, okay. Maybe. Still. You're such a dick. You could have just said no to the marathon."
He's a mess, basically.
Dean's grandparents are nearby, but they don't come around often. Pamela is around somewhere, eyesight fully restored. Dean even runs into Missouri, who he hasn't thought about in years.
Christ.
Dean is not going back in there. He's not bringing Cas back in there, Jesus. He knew one of these doors was probably going to pick up on this theme, this particular noxious strain in his past, but starting off there, in that dark bedroom…
“I’ve also died,” Jack offers.
“Don’t.”
No one is supposed to see this shit. This is supposed to be part of the whole Dean Winchester package, the quiet tragic mystery, the backstory of unsaid trauma, the understanding that he is a skin suit wrapped around some nameless darkness. You peel back those layers, and Dean’s not the troubled hero anymore. When you actually get to it, his trauma isn’t
So Dean didn’t say it, not when Cas had beaten him to a bloody pulp, and not after.
Dean is love. He is love, and loved, and loving, in all tenses, from every angle. It is the crux, the fulcrum, the heart of him.
"What?" Cas asks, but Dean just shakes his head.
Sam turns away from the passenger window at the loud thud. It seems that Dean has just punched the car door with his left hand. He's rubbing his knuckles with his right hand and Sam recognizes the look on his face. To the casual observer, maybe Dean looks blank or angry, but Sam can
Sam's chest is heaving with barely suppressed rage. He looks down at Dean - which twenty-two-year-old Dean still isn't used to, still thinks of his little brother as this kid he has to look out for, not this behemoth of a young man - and there are practically sparks flying in his eyes.
John stands up, and now-Dean thinks how stupid his younger self was not to recognize the warning signs, not to just curl up in the corner and make himself as small and quiet as possible.
Cas rolls his eyes, takes the phone, and proceeds to speak what Dean can only assume is perfect German into it. He stares a little, the abrupt switch to the guttural vowels suits Cas' gravel voice, and he's slipped into an accent. Dean tears his eyes away when Cas looks up at him, burying his face in the dusty tome on the table in front of him.
"What are we doing in this random-ass town, anyway?" Dean asks. They've hit the downtown block and it's pretty pitiful.
Dean is still sorting through the possibilities when there is a creaking in the hallway outside the door and he freezes.
Dean doesn't need saving. He saves his own goddamn self. He survives. Surviving has always been enough.
Older Dean shoots him a look. “Okay. Yeah. I’m gonna need you to get a lot cooler about a lot of things real quick. Like, seeing women as people. And definitely respecting the part where you just heard that Charlie’s gay.”
I tried my best to talk about what Dean has been through in a way that was explicit without being particularly graphic. There's a scene of coercion/sexual assault as an adult that has a little bit more detail than the other scenes, but hopefully in a way that provides information without eroticizing the violence. As Dean learns that his trauma is, in fact, trauma, hopefully this is reflected in treating that trauma as something not to be romanticized or glorified.
Rather than discover what horrors lay in the dilapidated bathroom, Dean ducked outside and pissed in the bushes, rinsing his hands with a water bottle he pulled from the car, and a liberal amount of hand sanitizer. He felt a little dirty, the further he came down from what had just happened, and then guilty that he felt dirty, and then confused and frustrated that he didn't know anymore how he
Sam looks over to the kitchen. "Dad?" He calls.
"Dammit," Dean mutters. He runs a hand through his hair reflexively. "How much time is left then?"
Dean had grinned, cheered up by not having to risk electrical shock for the ability to plug in his phone, and clapped Cas on the shoulder. "Knew we kept you around for a reason, buddy."
Forty-one year-old Dean is still in the kitchen when his younger self arrives, looking slightly lost. The irrational anger Dean feels at the sight of his own face isn't something he cares to meditate on.
"Hey, if you don't like it you shouldn't have named him after me while I'm still alive. I can't just call him
Chapter Content Warnings: self-esteem issues, depiction of therapy, past childhood abuse (physical and emotional), reference to past underage sex work, use of wh*re slur
When the B-side of Phil Collins runs out, older Dean sighs, seeming to wrench his thoughts from the road too.
without flushing at the memory of his own voice moaning out Cas' name.
Dean searches Cas' face anew, something tugging at his heart. Cas' confession, if that's what this is, sounds a lot like Dean's feelings, played out on a cosmic scale. It's bad enough to be the son of a man who's basically a superhero. How much worse must it be to be a son of God?
They fall into a dark room. It's night and the shades are drawn. Dean has no idea what this is, and there isn't much to go on. As his eyes adjust, he can make out what must be the shape of his younger self in a bed on one side of the room. There's a bed across from him, and that smaller lump under the covers must be Sammy.
For a good six months or more, writing fanfic was my biggest coping mechanism in all of this. I am perfectly aware that I was - and again, am - projecting my emotions onto a show I hadn't watched in 5 years as a means of dealing with everything that was too overwhelming to deal with directly in life. I am not making any claims on whether or not this was healthy - I wrote about 200k words in 6 months, which is like twice the length of my actual manuscript - and I'm not looking for validation of it here, I'm just saying, this fic (and others) were with me through some pretty dark periods and I think definitely helped me to get through them.
Dean unscrews the cap of the whiskey and gulps it down now, taking in about three shots in one go. It burns the back of his throat and makes his eyes water. The alcohol helps. It deadens him enough to the stimuli that might otherwise send him under, makes everything a little farther away. Of course, it makes the good things farther away too, but he’ll take that.
The two of them are fools.
“You said you wanted to go to the beach,” Sam says. He’s grinning. “I’m fucking cold, Eileen is bored, and Cas will love the manatees. Let’s go!”
He buys furniture at restores and secondhand shops, gets some new clothes from consignment and thrift stores, and fills a few shelves haphazardly with used books he picks out at random. He makes himself deal with a couple of rooms in the house first, because he knows if he leaves it alone too long it'll never feel right. Even if all he wants to do is spend his time working on the barn.
Dad kept this from him. He put all this crap on Dean to keep his little brother safe, and then he kept Dean's other brother from him.
That's John's voice, now-Dean realizes with a sinking, somewhat guilty feeling. John's voice telling him to toughen up - as if this fourteen-year-old Dean isn't tough just because his face looks like
It feels good to have a gun in his hand, good to let the anger and confusion and complicated emotions of the last few days out in the rush of bullets through the air, the push of the kickback, the satisfying
Eventually, Sam's shadow disappears into the fuzzy darkness of the road, and eventually, Dean turns and goes back inside, closing the door, feeling absolutely wild, feeling like he's just lost the only good part of himself.
"No," Older Dean looks up at the ceiling, like he's contemplating praying for mercy or maybe just for an anvil to fall from it. "Not exactly."
Older Dean stops in his tracks, tearing his eyes away from Dean to stare at Cas with disbelief and rage. He looks between them and his eyes narrow. Dean doesn't like the horrible little smile on this other Dean's face. He doesn't like to think that his own face is capable of that much twisted up pain.
It’s almost noon by the time Sam can get out on the road. He takes Baby, because he has the feeling it will be easier to coax Dean home in his own car. And, hopefully, to get him to talk in it. Because this isn’t quite the blatant suicide attempt that sticking that needle in his heart was, back in the haunted house when Cas was dead, but it’s running a pretty close second. Well, a second in the list of times that Sam knows about. He and Dean don’t really talk much about the years they were apart while Sam was at Stanford. Sam can guess what Dean might have been up to, though, what kind of dark places he might have gone to with only dad for company.
Cas doesn't mention that Dean apparently wasted 5 hours of his time-stamped coma being too chickenshit to go through the second door on his own.
Dean rolls his eyes and kicks Sam’s ankle lightly. “Shut up.”
Dean takes the bottle from Cas' outstretched hand and hangs it around his neck. Dean hasn't worn a necklace since he stopped wearing the amulet. Cas' grace is a little too pretty for his taste in jewelry, truth be told, but it falls to the middle of his chest and he tucks it beneath his shirt. The pendant is warm against his skin.
Because this isn’t just about Jack.
Dean raises his eyebrows. "What, have you got me on a reminder like your animal feeding schedules?"
The way Cas had smiled up at him and pulled him in. The way Dean had let himself be kissed.
"I… it's nothing," Cas mumbled, squeezing his eyes shut, embarrassed and feeling slightly trapped. He let himself have the second of darkness behind closed eyes before he looked back at Dean and sighed. "You wouldn't like it."
"You were taking too long," Cas says bluntly, turning back to Dean.
It was that, more than anything, which got to Dean. It burrowed into his chest and stayed there, pulsing in his heart, flaring up stronger than ever when later that same year, John left him at Sonny's.
The thing about being made of light: it's light in the physics sense of the word. Castiel's waves are gamma, x-ray, micro, and radio. He's visible light too, of course, a visible light so intense that it is blinding to most humans.
They've been doing this long enough now that Cas has a side of the bed, that they have a standard cuddling position, which is so grossly domestic it was definitely the source of one of  Dean's freakouts when he realized it. But that was ages ago, and he likes it now, when he lets himself. He likes having a pattern with someone.
“Yes,” Cas says, voice a little breathless, but also grumpy. “I just… need a moment.”
“Oh come on. I’m definitely not. Sam’s the one with the brains. I’m just, you know.” Dean waves his hands vaguely. “A grunt.”
"What's wrong?" he'd whispered. "Should I -"
"And he
“It’s just… I feel like a lot of stuff’s been coming up lately,” Dean admits. “I keep thinking… You know, my nephew just turned four. And he’s this incredible kid, reminds me so much of Sam at that age, but he’s mischievous like Eileen too. He’s a sweet kid. And I keep looking at him, thinking ‘he’s four years old.’ He’s just a baby.”
and Dean
Dean walks Charlie out to the door, and when he comes back into the living room, Cas looks up from his book with an expression that is a painful sort of neutral he's perfected over the years. Like it doesn't hurt him every time Dean rejects him, even in the little ways.
Dean had other questions. He definitely had other questions. But he steps through the door into the garage and his jaw basically drops, everything in his head replaced by the desire to salivate over what's in front of him.
This is apparently the great love of Dean's life, and he's not allowed to fall for him. It's just another utterly unfair thing.
Sam can put away the people he's lost. The grief never fully leaves, but he can compartmentalize. He can put it all somewhere in that darkness where it's quiet and cool, somewhere it won't explode.
Cas looks slightly apprehensive, but he waves his hand and the door to Dean’s bedroom closes. Dean rolls up onto one elbow so that he can look down at his best friend, this idiot that he’s decided to let ruin him. This person who has already put him back together once before. Dean kisses him again, and it’s so much. Too much. Dean absolutely aches with the feeling of it. He’s so raw and wrung out and cracked. But it’s Cas, who already knows everything now. Who loves him anyway, across time.
New Year’s Eve is unseasonably mild. Sam and Eileen have the day off and bring Jude up to Wyoming with them to spend the night. Jude loves spending time with the animals, especially the chickens which are his current obsession. Cas sits cross-legged on the ground by the coop and lets Jude hold one of the more docile hens while Dean and Eileen argue about whether or not to use the grill. Sam is in the kitchen ignoring them, sneaking treats to the dogs and cats. There’s also a gander in the house, but Cas has shut him up in the study out of concern that he might chase and/or bite their guests.
Cas." Dean trails his fingers along the bar as he walks over to join him. "And we're gonna treat her like one."
"I'm afraid I can't leave. I'm in your head, and right now there are no exits here."
“Do you feel this way about everything? About those who die in the hospital because you never got a medical degree? About those who die overseas because you didn’t join the military? Those who die in car crashes because you weren’t the one driving?” Hank takes a sip of water from the ceramic mug on the nearest side table before he continues.
“So,” Sam says when they’re done. “You’re not gonna run?”
"What?" Dean says, distracted.
“Am I high?”
Younger Dean looks at him sharply, searching his face. "What?"
This place, this spell, is breaking him again. It's all too much, too out there, and Dean can't seem to wrap all of the complicated things he's feeling up into his usual ropes of self-hatred. He can't just coil them up around the fence post and walk away.
been a hero, of sorts. He'd saved hundreds of people's lives. He'd sacrificed his soul to save Dean. He'd never wavered in Hell. The good that John did in life doesn't cancel out the bad, but it goes both ways. Sam can't erase the good things about John either, no matter how angry he gets. More than one thing can be true at the same time, and that's where Sam holds his memories of his father, suspended somewhere between hate and love.
"You're the one with an ad out for Green Peace or whatever to drop him off somewhere habitable. He's just gonna get caught again, dude."
Cas might know how to love out of time like this, might insist that it is Dean's soul he is in love with, which means he is
In the past, Dean kept Cas' stupid trenchcoat. He'd tucked it into his car, trying to give Cas a home in Baby, and tried to forget about it. His best fucking friend in the world, and Dean was always left with nothing more than a scrap of cloth. Sometimes less.
"Meanwhile, some shenanigans are going on in Olympus, Zeus and Apollo and Dionysus, who is the god of wine and partying, are all having a huge argument about the value of a human soul. So they go through all these acts of like “a soul has value when it does good things for other people,” or “a soul has value when it recognizes the good in itself,” or “a soul has no inherent meaning and human life is pointless except for entertainment value.”
Castiel did Sam a favor, in a way, when he took down the wall in Sam's mind so many years ago. Of course, Sam had nearly died first, but then when Cas took on the damage that had been done to Sam's soul, he left Sam with the memories. It's complicated, the way Sam remembers Hell, but it's like Cas took the deepest part of his scars away. So Sam had gone through psychosis and nearly fatal insomnia, but the point was that he'd gone
There's maybe something else to that, something Hank has pushed back against. It's got to do with how Dean's sense of responsibility has been about protecting the world, yeah, but it also made Dean special. The obligation to hunt hollowed him out, but the feeling that he was the only person who could do the job filled in that chasm. Filled it in with sand instead of concrete, maybe, but it kept him going.
"I think there's something wrong with my chest," Dean manages to get out. He's too young to be having a heart attack, probably.
It would be in line with what Heaven usually asks of them, anyway.
"Sorry," he says again.
"Christ," Dean muttered again. He slid off of Cas and flopped down next to him on the mattress, chest pressed to Cas' side. "'Course that was gonna be your thing. Look, I'm… Sure, we could do that, if you really want. I just feel like, I don't know, like I'm not doing anything for you if I'm just lying there, you know? Like this still feels like something you'd be doing
“Forget what?”
There is an in between moment of darkness where Dean feels himself fracturing. He’s splintering across time. He’s breaking along all his fault lines: his failures as a son, a brother, a father, a friend; his losses; his sense of shame and worthlessness and being unclean; his tresspasses; his desires. He’s a scared little boy who has just lost his mother. He’s a trapped teenager, out of options and disgusted with himself. He’s twenty-something, losing Sam and losing Sam and losing Sam. He’s forty-something and meeting his new-born nephew for the first time, all pink and wrinkly and looking like a long-forgotten hope. He’s thirty-something and Cas is bringing in a kid off the street, saying “I want to help them,” and Dean has never known love like he feels for Cas in that moment. He’s in Hell, ripping and slicing and knowing himself to be the thing in the dark. He’s in Hell, being ripped and sliced and raped and sewn together to do it all over again and again and again. He’s alive and dead. Light and dark. Particle and wave.
“I’ve got Cas to interpret, and new Dean to drink with, so take your time,” she says easily. She winks at Dean. “I brought the good beer.”
"For this? Of course he would. He'd be so pissed, man. I mean yeah, you'd think after I sold my soul for him, it'd be no surprise that I sold my body to put food on the table for us sometimes, but…"
"What about Slaughterhouse-66?"
“You were a possessive bastard even back then, huh?” Dean said gruffly, trying to break the tension the way he always did. Cas let him.
"You've had a long day," he mumbles. "I just thought… it'd give you the chance to - to get some rest."
"Goodnight, Dean," Cas says, blue eyes intense on him. "I hope you sleep well."
he says, breathless, radiant with excitement. "Hey! Guess what! Dorothy says I can sign up for Taikwondo after school at the community center this year! She says I can't use the self-defense stuff you taught us in class or they'll think I'm
Dean, for his part, doesn’t kill people anymore. He heals them instead. He helps the living.
Hank pauses, considering. “Normally, I’d be bound by patient-doctor confidentiality,” he says. “But as he came to see me on your behalf, I suppose I can bend the rules. He didn’t tell me much, just that you and him had been hunters for a long time. He wanted to know how much I knew about the supernatural. He told me that I’d have to be patient with you, that you wouldn’t trust me and might try to test me.” Hank’s eyes twinkle a bit. “Believe me, I’ve been tested before.”
Dean isn’t sure there’s a difference, but he’s not that interested in semantics. “Okay.”
As the years, and then decades, rolled by, Sam lost all sense of pointless protective brotherhood. He could barely retain a sense of self, not with Lucifer's true form pushing fingers of light into the crevices of Sam's soul.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs after several minutes of their mouths hot and frenetic against each other, their hands tangling and caressing and pulling. “I… What are we doing?”
And then there's Jude. Getting to see Sammy be a father is a revelation. Dean's love for his nephew is equal parts ferocious and terrified. He was somewhat surprised to find a lack of jealousy, to see his little brother raise a child. Maybe because Dean was so involved for that first year, when they were all too nervous and gun shy to leave a baby with strangers. Dean had spent three or four days a week with his nephew, humming classic rock to him, telling him embarrassing stories about his daddy that Dean knew he couldn't understand.
Dean had gone back to staring at middle distance, but he turns back, brow furrowed. "What?"
Dean let out a little breathless sound against him and crowded Cas back against the counter. He kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, for what might have been minutes or an hour, and time didn’t matter, nothing mattered, just the taste of Cas in his mouth and the feel of his skin under Dean’s fingertips.
"I'm gonna use the bathroom. Have the car started and ready to go." John's voice is clipped, empty. He pauses at the door to the motel bathroom though and says "You look just like your mother, you know."
Title from Leonard Cohen's
Older Dean goes downstairs with Cas to enforce a rest against Cas’ insistence that he’s fine, and younger Dean heads to bed only a few minutes after. Jack stays on his computer, half-angel insomniac that he is, and Sam keeps him company at the table for a while.
"Can I help you, sir?"
A younger boy, around ten years old, comes racing around the corner, followed more slowly by two teenagers who look younger than Annie. They all break into smiles at the sight of Dean.
"Jack," Cas says softly. His voice is sad.
Maybe having a home and enough to eat is all it takes to make Dean a sap too.
"What? No you haven't," Dean says, and it's an automatic bluff from years of defensiveness, not actual disbelief, because he follows it up with "How did you know?"
“Once I left the gas on in the kitchen, and when I remembered and rushed back to turn it off, all the windows were open and a heavy breeze was blowing just through the house, cleaning out the air.” Molly smiles fondly. “So you see, we’re quite happy to have him around. We just wanted to know if there was anything we ought to be doing to help him, you know, move on peacefully. But we don’t want to force him.”
It wasn’t quite in line with what they had discussed in the car, but Dean wasn’t going to say anything. He understood the need to believe you did what you did because it was right, not just because your father said so. It was so much easier to believe that they were one and the same so that each might become an excuse for the other.
He dropped it on the table with a loud thud. Michael moved towards it, surprise in his voice as he said,  “That's one of Death's books.”
Sam closed his eyes and sighed. Dean glanced around for a moment, surrounded by drawn and disappointed faces and said, “I need a beer.” He walked towards the kitchen, knowing the fridge in the library was still empty.
“But you always fight, Dean.”
Only Cas had sacrificed himself instead. Threw himself into the Empty for eternity, taking Billie with him, all because he loved Dean. Dean was still standing here, trying to figure out how the hell he and Sam were supposed to save the world now, and Cas was dead. Cas was dead.
“Look, kid,” Dean sighed as he shifted into gear. “This is - this is something we’ve never dealt with before. I mean, this is God, Jack. He’s -- he’s in his own league.”
“Thanks for the blade,**” Michael said. Sam nodded.
But he couldn’t. He couldn’t. Cas. Cas was gone. Dead. Sacrificed. Chose to sacrifice himself. For Dean. Because he loved Dean. Loved
“Death’s gone,” is all he managed to croak, his voice roughened with emotional aftereffects.
“He saved me.” He sounded robotic, but he knew that was the only way he was going to get through it. Just the facts, none of the details. “Billie was coming after us, and Cas summoned the Empty. It took her. And it took him. Cas is gone.” His voice nearly cracked at the last.
“Where?”
And wasn’t that the point? Wasn’t that why they were Chuck’s favorites? Because they always fucked up his plans. And for a while, that was entertaining for him. He enjoyed that they messed up his plans, gave him something new to plot out. For Chuck, they fucked it up when they won and they fucked it up when they lost, but they still fucked it up. And now. Now Chuck was done. He’d grown tired of playing with toys that did not obey. Like a petulant child throwing a temper tantrum, he now only sought to punish the those who upset him. No matter the cost to everything else.
It's just that if anyone touches Dean right now, he thinks he might shatter like glass. That he might break in a way that is unfixable.
Sam tries not to laugh and fails, snorting through his nose. "Oh man, you don't even know how rich that is coming from you."
Cas' head tilts a little. "It's late, Dean. Shouldn't you be heading to bed?"
Dean claps him on the back and Sam chances meeting his eyes. This Dean looks at him with all the worry he's always had, like no matter how big Sam gets or how much older, he's still that little kid Dean had to lead around by the hand.
But it's not like he does that anymore. It's not like he wanted to do it in the first place, anymore than he wants to get thrown into things in a fight.
It wasn't just the demons. Most people didn't have a father who abandoned them with strangers or alone in seedy motel rooms. Most of them hadn't been raised by their older brothers. A brother who, even when Sam left, was already becoming a functional alcoholic.
But he is still an angel, after all, perceptive to the molecular level. So he knows, when he cares to pay attention, about his own cell death and regeneration. Some of the physical body still belongs to a time before Cas took it over, but twelve years in, some of it never knew Jimmy at all.
Dean digs his fingernails into his palm and stops talking for a minute.
Dean feels suddenly self-conscious, like maybe he's stepped in something they don't talk about, something older Dean wouldn't want his Sam to know. But Dean can't see the harm in this memory, and anyway, it's his life too. He's a real person too.
"We don't have to talk about it, but I just…" Dean pushes the laptop onto the mattress so that he can sit with his knees drawn up to his chest, hugging them to him. "You gotta know how weird this is for me, man. Like, don't get me wrong, I get it, with - with Cas. But, was he… I mean, do we…" Dean ignores the closed off expression on his older self's face and fumbles his way to what he's trying to ask. "I get why it's him. But was he the first?"
"I know I've said some things and done some things that might make you think that I… I don't know, that I'm… bigoted or whatever. Narrow-minded. And yeah, I'm kind of… I mean, I like old cars and old music and old movies, but I'm not that old-fashioned. You know, besides you, Charlie's probably the best friend I've ever had. So, I'm just saying, I might not understand everything right away, but doesn't mean I won't accept it."
It was true, Cas had already tried to explain the relatively recent, and mostly colonized, history of categorizing human sex and gender. He'd already waxed poetic about the muddled myopia of good and evil. He'd pontificated on the falsehood of human dichotomies and admired the sometimes misguided evolutionary talent humans have for seeing patterns - whether or not they are there.
The summer after Dean turned eighteen was a bad one. Sam and dad fought anytime they were in a room together for more than five minutes, and while dad was gone a lot of the time, it happened often enough to make Dean feel anxious and desperate to keep the peace. He was basically taking a crash course in nonviolent conflict resolution with an angry fourteen year-old and an alcoholic father with a short temper and heavy hands.
Dean is worried about Jack. Their one, tiny, foolish and foolhardy hope in everything happening with Chuck depends on Jack amassing power and staying under the radar. Risking it all just to save Dean's neck from a stupid curse… Sam, Cas, and Jack can't see around it, of course, but Dean is pretty sure they're playing right into their weaknesses again. They can't keep throwing away the world to save each other - they will, it's what they do, but it's idiotic and reckless.
“Hm?” Cas may not sleep, but his voice is drowsy too.
Dean’s breath was heavy, hot where it pooled into the pillow, his eyes shut as he tried not to squirm beneath the slow stroke of Cas’ hands.
Cas wavers on his feet, but he doesn’t fall over. He hands the branches to Dean, who shoves them through the loops on the outside of his backpack.
There is a common urban myth - a piece of popular scientific trivia - that claims a human body regenerates all of its cells every seven years. This is utter nonsense, even if Cas is sympathetic to the underlying human desire to justify the reinvention of the self - whatever the
College took up pretty much all of Dean's time and capacity for two years, with the budding animal rehab filling up any cracks between studying, and now when he gets the itch to go hunting or he starts feeling like shit for being idle, he just signs himself up for a sixty hour work week. It's kinda brutal, but Dean's always tired out by the end. He always feels like he's accomplished
going to freak out, and I just don't want either of you to get screwed up over it. I don't want Dean - the other Dean, sorry - to ruin things for himself by panicking or doing something stupid when he's in this headspace over you being here already."
“I didn’t mean to hit you,” he said, because there was nothing else to say. This was not the first time Cas had witnessed Dean’s flashbacks or nightmares.
with a lot of people. He's charming, pretty, charismatic, can drink almost anyone under the table. He'd pick up one-night friends the way he used to pick up one-night stands, budding up with other hunters, with college kids out at bars who would take him back to the dorms and share their drugs with him, with bar owners who it was always useful to know.
This is exactly why Dean can't handle being around his younger self. Everything about him is
"Thanks, Bobby."
It's because of this that Dean starts snooping.
And okay. Yeah. In the moments when Dean's been very sleepy or very drunk, or both, when it's just been him and Cas and Dean's eyes have fluttered open just before nodding off, when he's seen Cas watching his face like that with the kind of tenderness that he had for the younger Deans, Dean has had the half-dreaming thought that he kinda wished Cas was closer. Like fingers in his hair close. Laying next to him close. Kissable close. But that's… Dean always tells himself that's just his lizard brain, his half-asleep mind just wishing he was cuddling someone. He tells himself it isn't about Cas, because Jesus. That is all a bad, bad, bad idea. Even if Cas was… even if he did… Dean is poison. He's ruined everything he's ever touched. He just can't help himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
"How long is it going to take to get into your thick skull that you are not some worthless, broken thing?" Cas growls. "I have been trying to make you understand your own value for eleven years, and I will go on doing it until you die, but how often have we had this conversation, Dean? Sometimes I think the very universe spins on its axis towards you, and you're too drowned in your own self-hatred to see it. Everything that you said to your past self tonight - it's nonsense. You have never in your life been reduced to nothing but orders. You have always been carving your own path, putting Sam, putting love, above -"
As the trail wound gently uphill, it narrowed, until they could no longer walk side by side, and Dean let go of his hand without comment. Cas didn't mind, not when they were still there together, just two of them, not fighting for their lives or fighting each other.
"Well, makes sense," Dean says. "It's not like you ever wanted this life to begin with. I get why you'd try getting out again." They'd talked about it a little over dinner the previous night, how Dean had come to get Sam when dad disappeared and why Sam hadn't gone back to Stanford after… everything. Dean is very stubbornly not thinking about dad dying. He's holding all of that suspended in time. "So where was I during your whole Rumspringa deal? Just hunting with Cas, or...?"
*  *EDIT to add* I don't think I'm going to change the text in this chapter, but I may try to bring this up in later chapters, because I'm uncomfortable with how I've presented the concept of "pederasty" here. Turns out it's actually a pretty complicated subject, and to say that it is a pedophilic practice is, in itself, something of an anachronism. Obviously, sexual abuse or abuse of power dynamics is an awful thing, but it's been suggested that these relationships were usually with young men who were at least military aged, in later teens to twenties - not necessarily what has been meant by "young boys." I'm not gonna get into the complicated moral weeds of this dynamic on an end note of a fanfiction - I'm not, like, trying to condone it or condemn it. I'm just saying it's complicated. It also seems to me that some of the scholarship of this practice is a little suspect, because of the desire to paint any "homosexual" behavior as being pedophilic/immoral. Anyway, I'm not an expert in *anything*, please take everything I say with a generous helping of salt.
"Cas, I don't… I don't want to cut these trees." The words are out before Dean really thinks them through, but dammit if they aren't the truth. Maybe he is a frikkin' tree hugger after all.
He doesn't recognize it at first. He just wakes up one morning feeling a bit strange. Cas is still asleep, snoring lightly with one arm thrown over Dean's hip. One of the cats is sleeping next to Cas' face on the pillow. Earp is resting her chin on Dean's leg and her tail thumps against the mattress when she sees that he's awake.
This is how it always is.
It's two years of earth time before Cas shows up.
He forgot about this.
Just down the highway, the rest of their family is waiting for them.
"Yes?"
Dean takes a deep breath. Another. He tries to loosen the knot in his chest.
It makes Cas ache, how far away Dean feels. Even in the middle of everything, the curse, Chuck, the end of the world, it is difficult to accept that Dean still cannot seem to differentiate between the pain of things he does not believe he is allowed to have, and the pain of things which he should not have to suffer.
"I mean, not to force your hand, but… yeah. Kinda."
"Oh come on, Sammy," Dean says, offering him his most ingratiating smile. Sam scowls harder at him. "We're fine. It was bound to happen. A little fight club therapy never hurt anyone."
Mary had stroked his hair and told him he was a brave boy, a good boy, her little angel. "I know it's scary, baby, but this is to keep you safe," she'd told him. She'd let them give her a shot too, Dean thought. Or maybe they just faked it, but she'd done it to show him it was okay.
And Jack had tilted his head, the way he’d picked up from his father, and said “I could go to a desert.”
Put the rest back where you got it.” Like Jack really is a wayward kid. Jack just frowns, contemplating the matter seriously and disappears again.
"Nope, sorry, little brother. Can't slow down. Can't stop, won't stop." Dean picks his duffle bag back up. "So if you're not gonna fight me…"
"So is this what you do all night? Just read until everyone else wakes up?"
If fish as a taxonomical category does not exist, what was that ancestor that climbed out of the ocean? What secrets did its insides contain? What bacteria lived and died on and in this holy grail of creation? Was it closer to the lung fish or the salmon? The catfish or the lamprey?
Dean hoses down the coals in the firepit while Cas gathers up the blanket and the leftover marshmallows. When they’re back in the bunker, everything put away, lights off, Dean heads down towards the bedrooms and Cas follows him. Cas stops at the door to his own room though, and just looks at Dean, not saying anything.
"You can see all the stars and planets that have lived and died since the universe was created," Cas says without prompting. "That's why it looks different here. All the light that might take a million years to reach earth, or faded millions of years before humans evolved, it all reaches Heaven. At least when people want to see it."
“No, it’s okay. We’re good. We’re… we’re good, right?”
"Good to see you too, Annie," he says. "Let a guy put down his wares, huh? My arm ain't made of lead."
Dean never really thought about Heaven having a junkyard, but he supposes it wouldn't be Bobby's Heaven without it. It isn't exactly the same as it was in life - it's downsized and not as full of potential for tetanus, for one - but it smells the same, that familiar mix of gasoline and old leather lining.
Cas slides into the passenger seat, dutifully buckling his seat belt as Dean takes a moment just to run his hands over the leather covering of the steering wheel. He's not even embarrassed about the little whine that escapes the back of his throat, although Cas glancing at him and then quickly away brings him back to the moment.
Dean has moved past that a little, maybe. Sometimes he feels like he has, like maybe he has some meaning in
Cas blinks at Dean, then tears his eyes away to focus on younger Dean again. It occurs to Dean that everyone in the vicinity will have seen him kissing himself, which he immediately decides to Not Think About.
Grief is so complicated in this life.
The truth is, as is generally the case, more complicated. When Lucifer blew Cas to pieces in 2010, Jimmy’s brain matter was about the age of Jimmy himself, but if anyone had wanted to go scooping up other bits of skin, organs, and bones, they would have been able to date his various types of cells with varying longevity.
"Great," Dean grumbles into his grilled cheese. "Jesus. Good to know, I guess."
“Well,” Dean says. “What about you, then?”
Dean hadn't counted on liking it when Cas' voice broke on his name again, actually enjoying the taste of him on his tongue, fingers pressed back up inside Cas to wring him out hard.
"Christ, Sam." Dean turns away from them both, leans back against the edge of the table, looking away into the shadows of the room. He can't look at them and say this. He can't say this.
Sam thinks about lying. His thoughts stutter over memories of the cage like they always do, power down like an engine failure, jump around the live wires threatening to tangle around his skin.
Chapter title taken from Leonard Cohen's
This is how it always is.
"When did I know that I loved you?" Cas' voice reverberates against Dean's ear where it is pressed to his chest. It is such a strange thing, to get to have this. To be allowed it.
in his head. It makes something in him squirm in a pleasant way.
Cas' expression is one of an endearing sort of long-suffering. "Yes, you still have your car. There are also a number of vintage vehicles in the garage that I could not begin to name. If you'd like, though, we could take one out."
It was late when Cas looked up from intensely studying a book on local lore obtained earlier that day from the town's historical society. "You should get some sleep," he said. There was nothing flirty or suggestive there, just Cas being earnest. Cas being a good friend.
Dean smiles wistfully down at the toy, turning it over in his hands. It seems so much smaller than he remembers them being. Sam used to shove them haphazardly into his backpack, so Dean never knew where he was going to find one of the little green guys when he went to empty out Sam’s bags or pack his lunch.
Four-year-old Dean is sitting with his back against one of the tan walls. He's still in his pajamas, his hair disheveled, his eyes red-rimmed.
Dean rakes his hands through his hair one more time, then throws them up, exasperated. "Really? What a bunch of dicks."
Dean folds his arms even more tightly into himself.
Cas was sitting on the couch while Dean sprawled across it, asleep with his head in Cas’ lap. Dean had his face buried in Cas’ shirt, his arms wrapped around Cas’ waist, like he hadn’t even been trying to watch what seemed to be a documentary on humpback whales.
“Did you?” Sam sounds surprised. His hand squeezes the back of Dean’s neck. “Good for you. I mean it, man. I’m glad you can talk to him.”
That alone is still weird.
"Just, you know, a banana, some low-fat yogurt, mixed greens."
Dean can feel the lump forming in his throat, the tears threatening to prickle at his eyes, but he can't attach those symptoms to any actual emotion. The emptiness sloshes around inside of him like the sea and Dean can't stand it. He shoves the photo back into the Bible and bolts, giving up on whatever secrets he'd hoped to find.
After the University of Wyoming awarded Cas an honorary doctorate for his work in some technical advancement in plant pathology - or something, Dean tried to pay attention but the ceremony was during his own finals and he was dead on his feet, and anyway he's pretty sure it boiled down to Cas (accidentally?) proving something about root systems functioning as a collective organism to prevent illnesses in certain species - Cas started getting invited to give talks at other universities. Other than one brief trip to Germany, Cas has only accepted invitations in the continental United States, and Dean always takes the time off work to drive him. It's nice, anyway, being back in the car with Cas, bickering about music and motels.
Now-Dean can't get up any emotion at all as he watches his demon self in a foursome with Crowley. As Crowley goes down on him, and one of the blonde women in bed with them gasps and says "God that's so hot" and sticks her tongue in demon-Dean's mouth.
"Nope," Jack says. "Why?"
The farmhouse creaks and groans in the high winds of the mountains. Dean doesn’t mind this too much, he’s used to old houses and even weirder noises, but there is a sort of emptiness to the place on their first night that makes him tense and fidgety. Sam and Eileen stopped by to see the place, but it was getting dark and they wanted to get to Fort Collins before it was too late in the evening. They’d all hugged goodbye - another thing they did now that still put a lump in Dean’s throat, like suddenly everyone had just decided they lived in a world where they could touch each other without the threat of catastrophe or near-death experience - and then it’s just Cas and Dean. Just Cas and Dean alone in
Dean had a list, but he shakes his head. He's feeling sort of weak-limbed again, and he's learned in the past few weeks that this physical sensation tends to be a warning sign of an impending emotional breakdown.
Unbearable.
He doesn't meet either Cas or younger Dean's eyes as he heads down to his room.
"Probably. Cas doesn't really do that anymore, though. He's not exactly on the best of terms with Heaven."
It hits him all at once, pushing into the hazy torpor he's been projecting all these months, too terrified to feel what's coming if he pauses. Nothing is working because nothing is going to work. That's the whole goddamn point.
Something like twenty years of living time have gone by. Baby Dean down on earth isn’t such a baby anymore. Dean, the original Dean, sneaks glances of his nephew with an equal mixture of sadness and pride. He knows he’ll meet him, in the end, but the thought of Sam’s son growing up not knowing Dean just about kills him.
That's the thing.
Dean takes a breath, embarrassed that it sort of shudders as he inhales. It’s not even like they haven’t talked about this before - not Flagstaff specifically, but John’s parenting style, as it were. Dean’s been kind of vague about it still, hasn’t really fessed up to how bad it could get sometimes. He’s pretty sure Hank has inferred more from the times Dean’s fallen silent about John than what he’s actually managed to get out about his father: that John was strict, a disciplinarian, that he raised Dean to be a soldier, that he was a righteous man, a man with conviction, that he hit Dean sometimes but that Dean made sure he never hit Sam, that he’d never even had to tell Dean what it meant to be a man because John lived and breathed his masculinity so easily.
"I could go with you," Cas says, in a voice that expects rejection.
, but of course Sam knows exactly what he's doing. He knows that Dean will work harder to control his temper with Jack around, that Dean still feels guilty for the time he spent hating Jack, resenting him for Cas' death.
to him?
Dean finds Cas in the library, sitting in one of the chairs and turning the Promethean disc that Crowley had thrown at him over in his hands. Cas is frowning at it, the tiniest crease between his eyebrows, and Dean leans against a nearby bookshelf and just watches at him.
"Can you hear my thoughts now? Did Heaven send you just because I was wondering about the stars?"
Younger Dean lowers his gun first, and Dean reluctantly follows suit, pulling off the headphones and letting all his wayward thoughts come tumbling back in.
At least, he had until Levi started pulling him back towards the door with no apparent intention of letting go.
Dean beats him to it before he can open his mouth.
“So what’s the point, you know? I forgave him at four, at fourteen, at sixteen. I can see that it’s… I get that it wasn’t great. I get that looking at it, you’d think I was a kid getting - getting abused, or whatever. But that was never how I saw myself. I saw it as heavy-handed discipline, and he was right to discipline me, most of the time, even if the way he did it was…” Dean trails off. The door is just a door.
"Bathroom," he called over his shoulder to Cas. "Not bailing."
“Okay, bud, let’s get you some water, huh?” Dean hauled himself up, head spinning just a little, and helped Cas get to his feet. “I might have made you take a little too much. You feeling okay?”
“Oh,” Dean echoed. “I didn’t know.”
"Yeah," Dean says, because it's true. The bunker is basically perfect. He knows Sam finds it too utilitarian, but it's home for Dean. Home enough. He figures it's as much as he's ever going to get anyway, and that is still so much more than he ever hoped for. "Yeah, it's cool. Got some weird features from the Men of Letters stuff, and it was a hell of a time getting internet in here, but it's home."
Cas sat on the edge of the bed behind Dean, his hand coming to rest again on Dean’s shoulder. Dean whimpered, pitiful and pleading as a child. He was still in it, the specific memory fading but the amalgam of thirty years on the rack rushing in to fill the gap.
John had walked out of the motel room, and they'd never said another word about that night.
Cas sighs and closes his eyes for a second. Dean wonders if he's always looked this tired, or if, like Sam and older Dean, he too used to be young and unbroken.
Jack looks up and gives him a little smile. "I'm okay," he says.
Dean's been to Hell, been a demon, lost everything that ever mattered to him more than once. But if there was one moment when his life changed, when Dean himself split into the Before and the After, it's this.
"Really? What is this crap?" Dean shakes his head at the stereo where the pop music is being rendered by the Impala's particular tinny quality. For grungier bands, this is probably how the songs are intended to be played - screw vinyl. It's the sound of the road, the smell of leather and gasoline, that makes Zeppelin sink into the bones.
So Dean drinks, and he tells his younger self about dad making a deal for him, because it's important to him that this other Dean understands that dad was once again showing Dean the way. What else was Dean supposed to do? If dad had loved him enough to sell his soul for Dean, then Dean sure as hell loved Sammy enough to do the same. It was either sell his soul or kill himself, although Dean doesn't say that part out loud.
"Oh," Sam says. "Oh, sorry. Is that it? I was waiting for more."
taste color, you know,” Cas said stubbornly. “Water tastes like clarity. And you,” Cas had pushed himself up from where he’d been leaning against the counter and taken Dean’s shirt front in his hands. “You taste like jade and honey.”
Not like this.
Dean turns over the moment Cas is gone and buries his face in his pillow. He can still feel the trace of warmth where Cas was lying next to him, can still smell him on his own skin.
“No, I’ll… I’ll go with you,” Dean says. He feels, for reasons he’s not willing to look into, suddenly shy.
The speed and the music can't quite drown out his thoughts though as he goes zipping down the road.
Cas is quiet in the way that Dean knows means he's thinking dower thoughts in his general direction. Dean kisses his collarbone, but it's not enough of a distraction.
Dean lets out a choked little sob and covers his face with both hands. Every last part of his gut is roiling. He’s going to tear himself apart from the inside out before he even has the chance to die.
"Yeah, okay," Dean mutters, because a part of him is always secretly pleased when Sam seems to be able to read his mind, when he shows Dean that he knows him as well as Dean knows his little brother. Even when Sam is using that brotherly connection to ruin his plans.
Castiel didn't really understand human feelings before he rebelled, before he fell. He'd always had something in him, he'd always cared too much, always been feeling blindly along the crack in his chest that had been shaped something like a question mark and is now closer to a yawning chasm. Cas has always cared and he has always doubted, but emotions… they weren't the same in Heaven.
Sam gets that same distinctively uncomfortable look on his face that he had earlier.
Castiel for the life of him can't understand why he shouldn't call a man "pretty," for instance. Or why Dean insists on "she/her" pronouns for his car. Or why to penetrate in sexual intercourse is "masculine" and to be penetrated is "feminine". Or why and how clothes are part of performing gender.
Jack looks at him blankly, the barest tilt to his head. “I don’t think there are any cases nearby,” he says.
Dean makes the turn and a sign for downtown Cawker City, KA, appears.
"Cas," he says, aiming for a casual drawl and lifting his empty whiskey glass. "You wanna drill me with your eyes like that, bring a guy a drink first."
The teenage girl leaps at Sam, her mouth open, fangs gleaming. A white man with a shock of ginger hair goes for Dean, and his instincts kick in. He can't get a good angle on the man's neck, so as he rushes towards him, Dean ducks away from his fist and kicks out at his kneecap. His boot connects solidly and the man drops to one knee. The machete sings clean through his neck like cutting into butter.
"Hey, c'mere." Dean grabs Cas' arm and pulls him into the illuminated ground in front of the Impala's headlights. Cas allows himself to be towed into the spotlight. He lets Dean takes his arms and place one hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean takes the other and puts his free hand on Cas' waist.
Annie lets go of him, and Dean drops the bags there on the hallway floor. He reaches out and rubs the spiky blonde stubble of Annie's shaved head.
It always feels good to come home.
Sam says a blessing before they eat - he’s practicing his Hebrew, which was already decent from years of biblical research, as part of his conversion. Dean doesn’t really get the conversion thing, and he wasn’t as supportive as he could have been when Sam first told him about it. Dean feels like his reaction was reasonable, considering everything religion has dealt them over the years, but still. He’s begrudgingly accepted that he doesn’t understand it, but it’s become important to his brother. And that’s fine. Whatever.
“I can’t,” Dean says finally. “But
Cas shakes his head, but he doesn’t try to argue the point further. There is a moment of silence, just them and the trees. The quiet reverence reverberates in Dean’s soul, and he’s not sorry about the kiss. He’s not sorry about any of it.
Dean certainly knew. He grinned back at her, a little hesitant. “I mean… We could? If you really want to?”
They chose each other too.
Dean closes his eyes as he leans in. When their mouths touch, Cas doesn't respond for a second, the surprise palpable between them. And then he does respond, and it's…
“Helpful,” Sam repeats dubiously.
They're in a house with boarded up windows. An industrial flashlight and a couple of candles provide the only lighting in the kitchen and living room.
He was fighting off any thought of comparison between the way men old enough to be his father used his body and the way his dad sometimes hit him.
Dean has been thinking a lot, naturally, about what it was like to be twenty-six. It’s not really that young, he was a whole grown-ass adult by then, had been for a long time. He’d still been following around after dad, true, but he’d been on his own for the most part. He’d spent four years basically floundering, his whole reason for existing having suddenly abandoned him, but he’d done a little living at least. Well, as much living as you could do never staying in one place. He’d fallen in love for the first time - it’s been so long since Dean really thought about Cassie (and the irony of the name of his first love is not lost on him), but he still believes that he loved her. As much as he’d known how to love anyone at twenty-four. He’d fallen so hard and so fast; he’d barely known Cassie for a week before he’d tried to tell her everything.
And yeah, demon-Dean was into it, into both of them, but it's
“Cas?”
Dean had broken off, still leaning his weight into Cas, and tried again, gentler. And again, Cas's hands tightened on him, face tilting slightly, but his mouth wouldn't return the pressure.
"Like hell you don't," Dean mutters, trailing after him now. "Anyway, that's not the point. The point is, after months of painstaking, strategic viewing of the finest action hero movies, you're telling me that Green Lantern, who you won't even admit is hot, is your
For a fraction of a second, it’s almost funny. They defeated God. The Winchester boys fought Heaven and Hell and came back breathing. They took on legion. They lost everyone and everything. They clawed their way back from the apocalypse - time and again. They saved the world.
"It's just about drugs so far," Dean said quickly. "I don't know. I don't really
“You on your knees?”
"It's… look, don't let what Dean said get to you. You know that wasn't about
"I'm not straight," Dean finally blurts out, because he can't truthfully say he's
Dean stayed there for over an hour, just looking down, letting the white noise play out in his head. He was trying desperately not to cave in to the nausea in his stomach. He felt sick from the ugly, terrible thing in his head, the thing he wouldn’t put into words because to acknowledge it was some kind of monstrosity.
Asking himself this question is like tearing up whatever roots of self-assuredness he had planted in his heart. It’s brutal. He keeps trying to buffet the feeling away, but the question keeps returning.
I'll do your fucking egg whites, you masochist."
It's a depressing thought, but Dean can't wallow in it when Cas has purple smeared into the corner of his mouth like that and is looking like he is trying so hard to enjoy his bogarted bite.
“I could map out the world on your body,” Cas said, soft as he’d ever been, running his fingers along the breadth of Dean’s back muscles. “And it wouldn’t be enough to tell you how important you are. How - how loved you are in this life.”
"Now what is this pretty little thing?"
"So, what? The longer we stay here between doors, the more likely we are to stay comatose?"
Dean rolls his eyes. “I’m not talking about cases. I mean, like, is there anything you do for fun? To blow off steam?”
"Fuck that," Sam says. "Seriously, to hell with that, Dean. You are so much more than what dad tried to make you."
Dean promises that they won't and Rhonda wanders away to tend to other customers. Dean grins down at the photo on his phone for a second. It's a good candid shot from a month or so back. Sam had been tickling his son and Jude had been squirming and shrieking with laughter. In the photo, one of Jude's little fists is clenched in Sam's shirt, pulling the collar down and exposing the silver Magen David hanging around his neck. Sam is grinning wide, his eyes crinkled at the corners with laughter. Father and son both look so happy, like they're fit to burst with it.
Shotgun rounds.
Being back so close to where it happened, seeing the signs off the highway pointing to Flagstaff, Dean had felt it closing in on him. He’s never talked to Sam about the details, never told anyone except Cas.
Hank glances at the discarded clipboard. "I wondered," he admits. "Your friend was quite… thorough. He must know you very well."
"You were a child," Sam goes on, a little cautiously now, with Dean just standing there unresisting in his grasp. "A child, Dean. We were both supposed to get a childhood. I used to be so angry, you know, all the time. I hated him, sometimes I still do. I know you think it's your job to take care of me, but I knew it was my job to look out for you too. But dad beat the shit out of you, and I couldn't do anything. I couldn't fight him, I couldn't get you to leave. I'm not… it's not your fault, I know that now, but at the time I didn't understand why you wouldn't just run away with me and I didn't know how to deal with any of it so I just got angry." Sam sniffs. There are more tears running down his face now, and it's almost, almost enough to bring Dean back. Sammy in distress is usually enough to kick in his emergency generator, get him acting like a person again even when he can't feel a damn thing. It's the special secret older brother override that always gets Dean back on his feet when nothing else will.
"Couldn't leave me and my brood alone, could you?" The man rasps. He takes a step toward Dean, forcing Dean further into the room. The cloying scent of death is in his noise, his mouth, making his eyes water.
Dean is glad he turned away before the tears started. He can see Cas' face back in front of him, crying, weeping, confessing, and Dean had just stood there like a stone, like a monster, as his best friend in the world told him…
"Oh no. No, no, don't get all fucking sappy on me. Keep moving." Dean pushes Sam lightly, and he rolls his eyes but leads them up the stairs and back into the living room area.
First sign of madness, Sammy, talking to yourself." Dean raises his eyebrows like he's just scored a point and Sam huffs out a sigh. Secretly, he's just glad Dean is up to joking about it this morning.
So when Cas gets going about isotopic geology or whatever, and Sam joins him, Dean feels the sweet ache of affection for both of them.
"Dude," younger Dean says, giving him a grin that Dean is starting to realize he hasn't seen on his own face in a while. "This place is awesome."
There's nothing particularly poignant about this morning. It's simply been long enough, or Dean is just sober enough or his room is enough of a desperate depression pit for him to open his eyes and see what he's been putting off.
He gets the feeling there aren't a lot of queer guys in the hunting business. Or at least, Dean's never met one before.
“That’s the idea.”
Dean rubs a hand over his mouth. “Yeah. I guess. I don’t know. I felt like… I’d lived my whole life looking after Sammy, taking care of him, doing all this shit to make sure that he was okay - and it wasn’t enough. I was never enough for him, or for our dad. And I just figured, if the people who knew me best in the world didn’t want to be around me, then what the hell was the point?” Dean shakes his head. “I mean, that’s how I felt then. I know that it wasn’t… I mean, Sam says it wasn’t about me. And I know he wanted to get away from dad, and I guess… I guess I didn’t leave him much choice, the way I was about dad back then. I would never have left. But I couldn’t see it like that, and Sammy was just so angry at everything, I thought he hated me too. So I… yeah. I didn’t know what I was living for. Just kept drifting, hunting, following dad around. I started drinking a lot, did more drugs than was probably good for me.”
Sam turns to Cas. “Cas? Where do you think he’d go?”
Dean slips out from his room and pads back up into the living room. The lights are off except the one still burning in the library. Dean braces himself and heads back to the scene of his crime.
Cas squints at Dean with a worried expression when he gets home early, and he endures Dean's surliness and uncommunicative grunts throughout the evening. After a silent dinner, after all of the evening chores that go into what is rapidly becoming some sort of hobby farm, however, Cas gets up from the table with a sigh and strips off his clothes there in the kitchen.
It was supposed to be a quick, couple of days trip at tops anyway, but there wasn't anything immediately urgent back in Kansas. Sam had an eye on Jack, Mary was nearby, their family was safe.
“Dean.” Cas’ voice is a low rumble. “I want you to know that you are so loved. As you are now, in the future, always. You are so
Crowley.
"Yeah, more or less." Sam still looks vaguely guilty, like he's waiting for some kind of reprimand from Dean.
He could have been so soft.
He hears it when Constantine says "You like this don't you?" and Dean's breathless, wordless agreement.
Dean sighs and glances briefly at Cas. "Apparently we only think of pink as a feminine color because it was associated with gay prisoners in the internment camps in World War II, and, y'know, homophobia took it from there. So. I'm giving up my crusade on the color, okay? Just let me be a better person, huh?"
"Cheers," Dean says, and shoots back the whiskey. Younger Dean is still on his first glass and he takes a sip.
Dean slides out and blinks up at the blinding morning sun directly behind Bobby's hat. He takes his time sitting up and wiping his hands on the grease rag, even though he's barely touched anything.
“So, what, can you talk to all animals?” Dean asks when they can drag Jack away from his admiring herd.
One moment, Dean Winchester is twenty-six years old, driving his 1967 Chevy Impala through a mountain pass somewhere between South Dakota and Montana, and the next he is falling onto his knees on a concrete floor. Somewhere in between, there was an unpleasant sensation of being yanked backwards by the nape of his neck and a blink of spinning blackness, but the change was so instantaneous that it's barely a memory. The Who that had been blasting from his car's speakers is gone and in the sudden silence, he hears a faintly annoyed British voice saying "There you go. As promised, one solution to your little problem."
"No, I mean it. I'm talking about literal Hell. Fire and brimstone and everything."
“Well, I… Cas is human now.”
"It was almost a month," Sam says. "I remember, ‘cause we were getting close to the start of the school year and we didn't know if we'd be going to the local district. C'mon, you remember, that hunter couple we were staying with, what were their names? Louise and Luke, right? They were talking about taking us shopping for school supplies by the time dad turned back up."
, Sam corrects himself as the traffic inches forward. The slow roll is doing nothing for his frustration. He’s pissed at Dean for leaving, angry that his brother chose to put him through this again. He’s suddenly, acutely annoyed that he’s had to spend literal years pretending not to know about this thing with Cas.
Part of the idiotic math in his head that justifies this thing with Cas is that Dean can't stand the thought of pulling anyone else into this life just to get killed because of him. He can't do it anymore. But Cas… he's probably going to get the stupid angel killed again, but at least Cas is already in it. At least sleeping with Cas probably isn't going to make him any more of a target than he already is. They were each other's weakness long before they started having sex.
“Please,” Dean mutters back, cutting him off. He wants it to hurt. Cas knows that’s what he’s asking for, because after years of this he knows Dean’s body better than Dean does, and Cas is always a little hesitant to be the thing Dean hurts himself with. It doesn’t always stop him, and Dean is grateful for that, but he’s grateful too that it always makes Cas pause.
"I hear you, man. I don't know what you want me to say." Dean shrugs. He feels all hollowed out again. Scooped clean. He read that phrase somewhere once, something Cas gave him, he thinks, and it's stuck around.
It's a nice photo, impressive quality, really. Older Dean is clearly the one taking the shot, holding out the phone in one arm, grinning into the camera, his other arm around Cas' shoulders. They're somewhere outside, sun shining in a blue sky, red dirt looking hot and dry behind them. Cas isn't looking at the camera. He's in mid-speech, saying something to older Dean, half turned to him. The way he looks at older Dean in this photo is just as intense. Cas' hand is reached up to older Dean's hand hanging over his shoulder and their fingers are tangled.
Hell. I'm always going to have that with me."
Cas finds he can't bear the idea of being somebody else.
How come there is this remembered emptiness like being scraped clean like the cantaloupe too? Why does he know what that poem meant by
When Cas finally straightens up, Dean sees the thin line of blood coming from his right nostril.
True, the sanctuary hadn't been touched in a century, so it's not surprising no one had updated their curses to be a little more on top of the zeitgeist, but Sam's had enough of the damn apocalypse to last a lifetime.
“Huh, yeah, okay,” Sam says. “That sounds familiar, but let me cross-reference here real quick. Hold on. I’m putting you on speaker. Say hi to Dean.”
Cas’ lips are always a little chapped these days, but they are warm and soft and he makes a little sound in the back of his throat when Dean bites on his bottom lip. Cas’ hands slide down to Dean’s ass, and Dean rocks down into Cas’ lap. They stay like that for awhile, making out and grinding against each other and Dean is pretty seriously considering just having sex here in the library and seeing if they can’t break this chair, but there’s just enough sense left in his head to pull back again.
Now-Dean can't smell John's breath from where he and Cas are standing near the motel room window, but Dean remembers. He remembers it was whiskey practically coming out of John's pores. And hey, Dean's no saint. A couple of beers, yeah, he knows it's bad, knows it's not safe, but he's made the calculated risk to drive tipsy before.
"That's Cas', ain't it?" He says. He shoots what might be a glare across the table - it's hard to tell with Bobby sometimes.
Dean shut his eyes, leaned forward and teetered, his arms straining, hands grasped around the railing. For a second, he’d imagined what it would be like to let go, the way his body would pitch forward and drop, the seconds that he’d spend in dizzying freefall, the momentary shock of pain, and then…
All Dean knows is that his younger self flings himself in front of Cas and Dean loses track of the arrow, but he sees younger Dean falling to the ground. Cas is on his knees in an instant, calling Dean's name, his voice broken, desperate.
He can tell from his peripheral vision as the door to the garage slides up that Cas is watching his face again and that his expression has lapsed back into a gentle sadness.
Having drafted his brainiac little brother into proofreading his binder full of paperwork, Dean and Eileen play a game of cards before she heads off to "shower off the drive." Dean sequesters himself in his room. As good as it is to see them, and as lonely as Dean's been, he's grown used to having space to breathe and be alone with his thoughts.
"What the hell?" Dean mutters. "What was the point of that?"
"Oh. No, I don't think so." Cas is still frowning. "I didn't - we didn't build this place for me."
There is a brief silence and then Jack says, apropos of nothing, "Oh look, a beetle" and promptly exits the kitchen, looking down as if following a bug on the floor.
"What's it about?"
Dean shakes his head again. "Okay, Cas," he says finally, throat full of something that won't go down. "Sure."
Cas must have given himself away by blinking or looking panicked because Dean's eyebrows rose.
“Sam, what-?”
"Dean," Cas says, as past Dean proceeds to beat past Cas up. "Nobody else sees you this way, you know."
"What about Jesus? Was he real?"
Dean had told himself it was just sex, that he could handle sex with Cas, and he probably could have coped with it fine if he'd just closed his eyes the entire time. But it was
Dean can tell that Cas is trying to give him as much time as possible, but eventually he clears his throat.
Dean for his part is feeling too many conflicting emotions to process. Shock, grief, jealousy, anger, confusion, fear, relief - they're all in there swirling around and the only way Dean knows how to deal with any of them is by drowning them in alcohol.
implies so many things about a physical form, speaks to appeal, to symmetry, to something you would want to look at.
"Dad?" Dean's heart skyrocketed even as his stomach plummeted. This wasn't an uncommon feeling for a reunion with his father. There was always the good and the bad with John.
While they wait, Dean keeps reading. He can't help but notice a certain trend in the literature, the deeper he gets. He has read about Achilles and Patrocles, about Hadrian and Antinous, Apollo and Hyacinth and Cyparissus, Alexander the Great and Hephaestion, and everywhere this word
Dean had practically heard his dad's shoulders relax. John had read
“Put him back, Crowley.”
If Dean had just known, he could have kept Adam safe too. He could have looked out for him, checked in on him when dad died. Adam would have had someone to call when the ghouls came after him and his mom.
Cas never needed to be seen before he fell, either.
The text thread between Cas and older Dean seems to be mostly the same, information-based and case-related, nothing terribly personal. Dean is a little disappointed. He doesn't know how to feel about his apparently impending sexual crisis, but he was kind of hoping to get a glimpse at whatever the hell is going on with these guys.
It’s a gay club, obviously, and Dean is a little overwhelmed by the amount of couples just really fucking going for it on the dance floor. There’s a couple over Cas’ shoulder who are basically dry humping with their tongues down each other’s throats. That’s a bit too much for Dean, but he puts his hand on the small of Cas’ back and lets their cheeks brush together.
older Dean says, hitting the eject button quickly. "Absolutely not."
At the heart of it, Sam is pretty sure this is the same story they’ve been told all their lives - the one where no one gets to be soft, no one gets to heal, no one gets to listen to Celine Dion or be queer or deal with their own shit. But this isn’t about Chuck, or John, and Sam is pretty damn tired of living out someone else’s prescriptive endings.
Eileen nods, looking at Cas thoughtfully while he speaks. "There are different words in Hebrew that all get translated into "soul." Depending on who you ask, they all have pretty different meanings. But it also seems like the general cultural conversation talks about the soul as at least three main ideas, without having the words to differentiate them." Eileen holds up a hand and ticks them off on her fingers. "There's the soul made manifest, whether as a body or animal representation or a ball of light. Then there's the idea of a soul as eternal - not necessarily physical but transcending planes of existence. And then there's the idea of the soul as your own sense of self. Not necessarily spiritual, but your
Dean comes skidding to a halt, standing over his young self, heart beating hard, head full of numbing adrenaline. Cas turns younger Dean onto his back, and Dean can see a wet, red hole in the side of his t-shirt just beneath his ribs before Cas clamps his hand over it, light spilling from his fingertips. The glow of his grace is faint.
“I…” Dean starts and cuts himself off. “I don’t know. My brother, Sam, he thinks it’s a good idea.”
Cas takes back the phone,
“C’mere,” younger Dean says.
Part of it's jealousy too, yeah, sure, that Sam got out. And Dean knows it's all moot now anyway, because here this Sam is, right back in it. But Sam
Cas watched quite a lot of porn in the weeks after he first had sexual intercourse with Dean. He still thought it likely that their night together had been a one time thing, something Cas would keep as a priceless gift tucked away into the fabric of his being, but, just in case, he'd wanted to be prepared. Mostly, what Cas learned was that he did not particularly enjoy pornography. There was a certain bodily reaction to it, yes, but as he studied the faces through the screen, he found the whole thing less and less arousing. Now that he'd had sex - sex with
“Hey, hey, I’m here. I’m here, Dean.” Sam kneels down at younger Dean’s head, and younger Dean reaches his hand for him. Sam takes his hand, openly weeping now.
It's the last time, for a long time, that anyone will hold Dean like that.
"Look out for Sammy," Dean said. "I know."
A newly clean Jack leans against the wall of the empty room where they do their summonings, Cas next to him, filling him in on the last couple of days. Sam has redrawn the devil’s trap, reluctantly explaining to younger Dean that, yes, Crowley is a demon, and yes, he’s as likely to dick you over as to help, but he’s sort of an ally some of the time, and yes, Sam realizes how this sounds.
"Nah, it worked. I didn't smoke another cigarette for years."
So young Dean, foolish and desperate, always so desperate, tells her the truth, says "I know you're not going to believe me, but monsters are real."
“And I you, Dean.” Cas’ fingers brush over his tears, so gentle.
Dean is struck by the nostalgia of the shop. A lot has changed since 1993, but not giftshops. There are still the stuffed animals, the jewelry, the big clear box of shiny rocks you can purchase by the bag, cheap little plastic toys in the shape of animals.
Dean deflates slightly. "We can keep looking," he says, shoving his hands into his pockets. "The market's not huge out here, and I thought this might be our best bet, but if you don't like it…"
“It’s something brave,” Cas goes on hastily. “To love like that. And to love even after all you’ve been through.
Cas returns the cheers, but Dean doesn't miss the look he casts at Sam or the way his brother's face crumples momentarily.
There’s so much that has always gone unsaid between them.
Dean closes his eyes for a second and takes a deep breath, letting those words and this feeling build in his chest. When he opens his eyes again, Cas is looking at him with the same sad smile he had on his face before he died.
"When I was in the cage, it… Well, there was just me for - for Lucifer and Michael to take their rage out on. Hell is… it's not like up here. So the things they did, Lucifer, mostly, it can't even… The violation isn't… It wasn't always what we'd call it here. But then, sometimes it was. And it's…" Sam pauses to breathe, but he picks himself up.
“Is there anything in there about how to kill this guy?” Older Dean asks.
"And your memories wouldn't interfere?"
Dean laughs, rubbing at his own eyes. “Yeah, sure, buddy.”
There’s a great nostalgia in the memory of all those motel rooms where Dean cut up stolen fruit from neighboring yards and reused ziploc bags for Sam’s school lunches. It’s not a pleasant recollection, it’s just something so familiar that he knows he’ll never have again. He’ll never be that kid again.
*** *** ***
Sam rolls his eyes and Dean feels such a rush of fondness for his brother. He'd missed him so much. It had nearly killed him when Sam walked out. It had just about ripped his heart out of his chest. But here they are, living together, hunting together, brothers again.
Dean believes this is Sam. There's just something about him, beneath all the crap he's been through, that is so innately Dean's little brother.
Dean sucks in a breath. He knows what this is too. There's no time between scenes to process and he's…
It hurts in such a profound, unnameable way. It hurts like wanting.
Charlie leans forward, face in her hands and sighs wistfully. “It’s awful, but it’s kinda romantic too, don’t you think?”
Dean is getting a better sense of his future self, recognizing himself more and more as older Dean begrudgingly allows it, but this is
Dean can’t get the haunted look of the young woman he spoke to at the hospital out of his head.
"I'm just saying, fifteen seasons of anything is too many seasons."
Dean swallows and nods. They’ve already been through the conversation that Dean is well over forty years old, that he feels stupid for bringing this up, that it doesn’t matter anymore. More than once, Hank has gently persuaded Dean that the trauma of his childhood is like an untreated wound that’s been left to fester - that just because the wound is invisible doesn’t mean it hasn’t become infected or that the scars aren’t still there. Dean tries to believe him.
“‘Grief of the Ages,’ huh?” Dean says. “That’s encouraging.”
“Yeah,” he says.
This was why Dean had been so resistant to Sam’s hints and outright pleas about going to therapy once they’d moved out here. Hank might be passingly familiar with monsters, but that didn’t mean the guy deserved the burden of knowing the truth about God. In any case, Dean was pretty sure he’d sound absolutely delusional, talking about how the entire cosmic plan had once revolved around him and his brother.
Sam laughs and shakes his head, shaggy hair flopping half into his tired face.
He can feel the metal bar deep inside him, mixing rust and blood, suddenly the thing killing him and keeping him from bleeding out instantly.
"Yeah, but I…" Dean trails off, sighs, and sits up. He dislodges Cas' hands, and Cas fights the urge to reposition them, to reach for Dean.
Dean laughed, the hot breath of it ghosting across Cas’ face. He didn’t mind.
Dean’s eyes were closed and he pressed his mouth against Cas’ shirt, landing a kiss somewhere near his clavicle. “Talk to me, Cas.”
"I'm not what?" Dean's voice is dangerous and low. "Not strong enough? It's my own goddamn head, Cas! It's all crap I'm already living with."
“Good. I do want to warn you, we have about ten minutes left today. I still have a few questions for you, but I want to pause first and see if there’s anything that you’d like to bring up before we finish our session.”
When Mary let go of him, they looked at each other, just smiling wetly while the music played on.
"Come on, Dean," Sam mutters. But he knows, has known in a spike of cold dread to his very marrow, that the one enemy his brother cannot beat is himself.
"Protected me?
"Dude. Was that Enya? Do you have a freaking Enya tape in your car?" Dean is torn between horror and amusement.
- and for most people, that's good enough. That is to say, to quote the poet T.S. Eliot: "Light, light, the visible reminder of invisible light."
“Cas…” Dean said again, staring back at him this time, his green eyes wide. He looked a little unmade himself.
It’s been ages since Dean was in a club, and he tries to ask Sam over the roar of the music if he’s ever even been before, outside of a hunt, in college maybe, but his voice gets lost in the noise. This isn’t really Dean’s thing, truth be told. Too many people, not enough exits. But he’s drunk and there aren’t any monsters here that he can see, and Cas presses against him without shame, his mouth hot on the skin of Dean’s neck. Dean glances over and sees Eileen and Sam signing to each other, once again a very convenient language to have. They’re both grinning, swaying just far enough apart to keep their hands visible.
It's Cas' turn to shift uncomfortably. He glances up at Dean, then quickly down again. "It's a privilege to get to meet you like this," he says finally, not quite finishing his previous sentences.
When Cas comes, he bites down on Dean’ shoulder, whimpering into him, hands holding Dean down reflexively. Dean can’t help smiling against Cas’ skin. Making Cas lose control, even if just for a moment, is such a goddamn heady feeling.
Cas finally looks up from the wealth of documents their realtor handed over before she tactfully withdrew to give them a moment to themselves in the wide empty living room of the old farmhouse.
Dean hates this. “Don’t. It’s fine. It’s… We’re not…”
And isn't that more or less how they've ended up in this predicament in the first place?
Sam had pieced the Dean and Cas puzzle together pretty quickly. He’d wondered for a while, since the beginning, really. Dean was an intense person, so it made sense that his friendships could be intense, but Sam had never seen him act the way he did toward Cas. Or maybe it wasn’t action so much as a frankly uncomfortable tension between the two of them. A line of energy that was stretched taut and ready to snap at any moment, ready to come to blows or… something.
"Anything interesting yet?" Sam asks, not deigning to comment on Dean's position on the floor.
Sam catches up to him in the garage as Dean is gently sliding the bag onto the passenger seat. He has the insane compulsion to buckle it in, but resists. It's just like last time, really. How many times has Cas died for them? For Dean?
They stand in a tense silence, staring at each other in a way that Dean, still peering unnoticed around the corner, recognizes.
"Yeah. Um. Don't mention it." Dean looks at the doors to the reptile house. "You might want to go get your kid though, or we'll be here until the place closes."
Sam's frown is back, but it's annoyance this time more than concern. "I'm not your boss, Dean. I don't need two weeks' notice from you. You want to stop hunting? Okay. Freaking Hallelujah, I say. Just… talk to me. What's going on? Where are you going?"
He doesn't say anything else, just pushes the door open.
“Let’s just get this over with, okay?” Dean says, like he has any control over the memory. Cas nods, slowly, looking Dean over with his kind blue eyes.
“Are you sure?”
Cas brings Sam a jug of water with a cross hanging in it from a shelf against the far wall. Dean watches carefully as Sam takes a drink, makes a face, and hands the bottle to the older Dean. Older Dean scowls but he takes a drink without flinching.
him. The only person who'd ever really given a damn about Dean, the kid who Dean had protected and raised, the person Dean would have given everything for, and he'd
"Talk about what?" Dean makes himself say through gritted teeth, dredging up the last fleck of angry defiance he can find.
Dean doesn’t bother to answer that.
But then they’re in Dean’s room and Cas’ arms are around his waist, pulling him into the warmth of Cas’ body, holding him, and Dean turns everything else off.
Dean shrugs. "I'm not really tired."
"I can make sure we're not tailed. It… it'd be good to have the practice."
Dean shrugs against him. "I don't know. I feel like you were trying to tell me something important and I just waved you off."
Can't believe I'm about to out myself like this by crediting an ABO fic, but I did get the idea to apply
Sam's face twists and he makes a sputtering sort of noise before literally throwing his hands in the air. "Oh my god," he mutters to the ceiling before he levels his glare back on Dean. "
“Did you run into any trouble?” Sam asks.
Later, when the lights are off and Dean is laying there on top of the covers in the spare bedroom, when he's alone and defenseless, when there's no one to talk to and no one to see him, no book in his hands to distract him, the tide comes in.
"I'm sure."
He feels Cas settling down next to him, and after a moment, Cas' knee nudges against Dean's head. Then Cas' hand. Then Cas gently pulls Dean's head into his lap, and Dean lets him. Cas' fingers hesitantly thread into Dean's hair and Dean shivers.
Dean comes back to the library with a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. Younger Dean raises an eyebrow at him, but does not say anything about 8:00 am being a little too early to be breaking out hard liquor.
A lot of Dean's music is tied up in memories of Cas now, which is a big neon warning sign Dean doesn't need. Cas is there in REO Speedwagon the first time they went through a Taco Bell drive through, complaining that this was
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam makes a grumbling sort of noise, but he gets in the passenger seat, sliding into place like he always does.
“Hey, Cas?”
“Invited her over to see the roadside attraction?” Dean asks, more snappish than he really means to be. Sam rolls his eyes, lets it roll right off of him.
Dean can't do it. He can't let himself want anything more than a few hours ahead, can't think of the future beyond planning a fight. He tries to pretend that he can, for Sam, tries so hard that sometimes he fakes himself out. But it's always there in the back of his mind, that knowledge that nothing gold can stay.
"I'll come with you," Cas says. He says it the way he always does, like it's obvious and inevitable.
"Thanks..."
It's just… well. Baby doesn't exactly have a kitchen or a shower. And girls are sometimes impressed if he takes them back to the Impala - it's alright for a one night stand, but if he ever stuck around longer than that he's pretty sure it would go from cool to sad real fast.
"Dean," Cas had mumbled when Dean's mouth was at his neck, pushing away the white collar of his dress shirt. "Are you-"
"You'll have to ask Dean that," Cas says.
“Hey,” Dean said, digging in his heels. “I… What are you doing?”
Four weeks later, Dean has a room in an old farmhouse that's way too big for just him and Miracle, and a barn renovated for commercial licensing that already features a modern bathroom and a small bar space. He's got five acres of land he doesn't know what to do with, and an extra cottage that probably belonged to a groundskeeper at some point at the edge of the property that's falling into ruin. It's all a bit extravagant, really, but Dean's committed, so.
"The verse I read over and over again, the one last hope I had that maybe my disobedience wasn't entirely against God's plan, was First Corinthians 13."
Dean wants Cas too, wants him so bad he doesn’t know how he’s still functioning without being able to touch him properly, and it’s so, so tempting to push it. But sex is… Dean thinks it would probably be good. Quite possibly mind-blowing, given that Cas probably knows his body better than Dean himself does. Dean really, really likes sex. It’s fun. It’s a connection to another person.
"How many times have you and Sam died, anyway?"
Cas ran his tongue over Dean’s other elbow, just to make him laugh again, before catching the skin there between his teeth and sucking gently. Dean squirmed some more.
They want to keep young Dean safe - and maybe more than that, they want someone around who still believes that they are free.
"I swear to God, Sam, if you tell me one more time that I've got to wait for the other Dean to pull his head out of his ass and tell me himself…"
Dean looks at his fingernails, feeling the shame and anxiety welling up in him the way it does every time he gets close to talking about anything like this. Normally, this is where he shakes his head or moves brusquely on, knowing that Hank won’t force him even when they both know Dean is avoiding the work of dealing with it.
Dean hadn't counted on Cas crying, and he told himself that was why he'd wrapped his arms tight around him, rubbed a hand up and down his spine, and eventually, when Cas had calmed down again, tossed a blanket over them, mess and all, and fallen asleep in Cas' warmth.
The case doesn’t seem that weird at first. The couple of older ladies who own the old mansion actually got in touch with Garth themselves somehow, so it’s a straightforward thing with no aliases or suits. They even have a pretty sound theory about a guy who died in the house a century ago, and after some preliminary questions about flickering lights and cold spots, Sam suggests they salt and burn the dead guy’s bones in the local graveyard.
Dean gets up, snags the now empty glasses and the bottle, as Cas places a hand gently on younger Dean's elbow and his grace glows softly in the room.
Cas’ hand drops from his jaw, but only gets as far as Dean’s shoulder, seemingly unable to let go. His thumb rubs circles through Dean’s jacket.
Chuck got it all wrong, as far as Dean is concerned.
It feels good to be taking Baby out on the road like this again, even if it’s just for a few days from Wyoming to Michigan and back. Dean still takes his car on long drives of course, but there aren’t a lot of road trips these days. Most of the mileage Baby gets is in chauffeuring Cas around to universities across the country a couple of times a year.
Dean's not gay. He doesn't really know what he is. Bi, probably. He likes guys, likes girls, probably likes other genders as well. It took him awhile to figure out, because when he'd been having sex with guys for money he'd still thought he was straight, and he knows he still has some hangups about it. He still kind of holds sex with other men in this different space then sex with women, maybe wherever trauma lives in the body. He has to go into himself and untie a bunch of knots and caution tape before he lets himself be attracted to men.
"Okay, fine, we're gonna treat her like a tough old broad. First drunk idiot who breaks a window gets tossed through it, though." Older Dean is still smiling, still giving too much away. And it's true that they've never had the most normal sense of personal space, but this Dean is standing so close to this Cas that he's practically straddling his knees. It's weird and embarrassing.
And shit. Dean doesn't know how to unpack that. He didn't mean to imply anything about Cas in that question, although now that he's overthinking it, maybe that's what it had sounded like.
Cas doesn't really understand why Dean calls him this sometimes. He knows it's a term of endearment, and he knows that Dean says it sarcastically, but it's also… it's only ever with Cas.
It takes the first year to stop looking over his shoulder. To start to heal. It isn't an instantaneous thing, and Dean is secretly, quietly grateful for that. It wouldn't feel right, wouldn't feel real, if it was too easy all at once.
While it's fairly important in terms of character development, you could definitely skip this chapter and extrapolate from the rest.
It wasn’t the most romantic or appropriate time, maybe, to realize he was in love with his best friend. But it made a morbid sort of sense in Dean’s head, knowing that he was in love with this idiot just as Cas was about to kill him. He meant to say it. He tried to, but his own blood was on his tongue, and the words couldn’t quite make it out of his mouth. Maybe a subconscious part of him understood, too, how much worse it would be for Cas to hear just before he killed Dean. How it would destroy him, if he ever came back to himself and remembered.
"And… I've been going to therapy." Sam says this last with some resignation, like he knows Dean's going to be a dick about it. And Dean has been, in the past, when Sam made good on all his old promises and asked Dean to go see someone.
“How did you do it?” Cas asks. “Copying a soul like that, it shouldn’t be possible.”
If they'd just been in one place long enough, Dean was pretty sure Sammy could have gotten a scholarship or been sponsored through the public school system to take accelerated courses, but moving from district to district, often unofficially, pretty much ruled out that possibility. Dean had already dropped out and gotten his GED, another reason he’d started going on more hunts. He just wasn't good at school, not like Sam, and dad acted like it didn't matter anyway because of course Dean was just going to join him on the job, so who cared about geometry? Dean could shoot a .44 faster than anyone, with a better eye than John even. Dad had never even asked about Dean's grades. That wasn't the point for Dean.
There is the problem of Dean, though. Waking Dean, that is. Sam is pretty sure Dean will never forgive him if he lets someone else go traipsing through his head. True, he'd hate the idea of Sam in there, but they'd work through that. Sam knows the darkness is deep in Dean too, but they'd work through whatever Sam saw.
Cas doesn't really
But John laid into Dean on that hot July day in Denver, about nothing, about everything, and soon there were bruises blooming on Dean’s ribs, and John was slamming the bathroom door and turning on the shower.
That isn’t really how Cas would depict Dean’s soul, but Cas doesn’t know how to explain in words what love looks like anymore than he can describe how it feels.
“I’d be a fool not to.”
Dean was just trying to find
Except, from the look on Cas' face, it seems like he might already know exactly what Dean's getting at.
Dean shrugs. He lets his legs fall back down from his chest. “Yeah. I mean, I don’t know. It’s all weird. But, it’s something that already is, you know? It’s already happened. So, yeah, okay.”
Sam is looking at him with pity when Dean opens his eyes again.
His baby brother. His son twice over. His Sammi.
"It did not. Take the next right."
“That is not it. I -”
It's Dean, in the hospital after Alistair, telling Cas that he can't do it, that it's too much.
"Stay out of this, Dean," John says.
“I didn’t want it,” he added, in a voice smaller than Cas had ever heard him use.
“Yeah, I guess. If we make it out of this, all of this, you better marry that girl.”
, something between the
It's finding out Sam never looked for him while he was in Purgatory.
"Kitsune." Dean looks around, taking in the dim lighting and deep woods of Purgatory, and sighs. "Killing her was… I
"Dean… please let me say that I'm sorry," Cas continues, quickly, clearly afraid Dean will cut him off. "Truly, for anything that I've done that-"
Cas picked up the hands resting on his thighs and kissed the back of Dean's fingertips. "I think I would rather you laid back and let me."
"Well, I suppose," the motel manager says, his voice rasping. "Let's see if we can't find a use for that pretty little mouth of yours."
The movie ends and Dean turns off the TV over the credits. There's a few seconds of silence.
Dean can't think about it. He won't think about it.
Sam gets past the exit for Brady, and suddenly the road is clear again, leaving the Impala free to rumble down the highway with the long notes of
John used to hit him. Not just hit him - a good number of times he'd beaten Dean all to hell. And for what? Because he was drunk? Because he missed his dead wife and their sham of a marriage? Because he was so angry and frustrated with himself and his inability to look out for his own family that he put that on Dean instead, made Dean his whipping boy?
Dean made a first muffled sob against him and Cas dug his nails into Dean's back, trying to reassure him that he was there, he was alive, they were both alive.
It makes Dean feel impossible, inexplicable things every time he looks at it.
"No," Dean says flatly.
“I’d kiss you too,” younger Dean tells Cas, smiling weakly up at him. “But I’m pretty sure he’d bite my head off.”
"What the hell happened to you, man?"
than it was for him in 2005. He’s used it, of course, he had a couple email accounts and obviously he’s used it for, like, porn, but beyond that and using it to get news stories from out of state, he hasn’t spent a whole lot of time on it.
It’s one week until the New Moon and so far, the plan looks like this: They’ll wait until Cerodicus manifests, just around dawn. They’ll pick two places with good visibility. Cas thinks that if they want to guarantee who the arrow goes toward first, the Dean in question should hold onto a piece of the broken vase. It will connect them more clearly with the curse, even if there is double the soul. Dean objects, of course, but there is otherwise unanimous consent that older Dean gets to be one targeted.
He’s thirteen and Luke McLeod’s hands are so much bigger than his. And Dean’s memory of it is warped now, the thing he thought he remembered flickering, some kind of amalgam he’d shoved deep down where he wouldn’t have to look at it.
It’s the thought of Cas saving him.
Finally, Sam says "If you just slow down, and give me a few days to -"
"Uh, was it Genesis 19?"
"How much time do we have?" Sam doesn't take his eyes away from Dean's face as he throws the question over his shoulder.
Older Dean yawns, stands and stretches, his shoulders audibly cracking. “I’m gonna go for a drive.” He looks at Dean a little warily and adds “You want to come?”
The third door bursts into flames. Dean turns to look at Cas, who is blinking the afterglow out of his eyes with a look of surprise.
How many ruined lives did Dean never notice, just because no one had died bloody at his feet? How many monsters were smart enough not to leave a trail like that?
The jacket goes up quick with the lighter fluid. When it's down to ash, burning itself out, Dean dumps the dirt he dug out on top of it. That's it.
Dean does not possibly know what to do with that kind of affection, so he ignores it. Cas is a weird dude. Maybe it's just like wondering what an adopted dog looked like when it was a puppy, or something. Maybe he's also feeling protective.
"I… had a year off a while back. Kinda picked it up then, just watched some YouTube tutorials, you know."
Dean lets go of Cas and steps behind him, wrapping his arms around his waist and pulling him into his chest. Cas' hand rests on his wrist and he leans back into Dean, head tilted back against Dean's cheek.
Dean cries until there’s nothing left in him. He sobs so hard that he feels like he might throw up. His stomach and chest ache along with the rest of him. The song plays over and over in his head and he’s surprised to find that he is still soft enough to break.
"He abused you, Dean. Okay? Can we call it what it was? He hit you, and he put all this crap on you about taking care of me because he couldn't or wouldn't, and he neglected us. He put you into situations knowing you could get hurt, and he wouldn't even take you to a real doctor half the time when you were. None of that is okay, it's never been okay. You would never, ever treat a kid of your own that way." Sam is breathing hard, like he hadn't expected to get all of that out at once without Dean fighting him or bolting or at least shouting over him. Dean doesn't do any of those things though. He just watches the tear spill out of Sam's left eye and run down his cheek. Odd, that Sam can cry in front of him without looking like the shame of it is ripping him apart. Odd, that his little brother turned out so well in spite of everything.
Look, I just think we all deserve for someone to pin Dean down and make him listen to words of love.
“But the Greeks wouldn’t have thought of it that way,” Sam says, like he can’t help himself interjecting with the relevant research, even if the time for it has passed. “It wouldn’t matter that you aren’t marked by Cupid or the gods. I should have… The concept of a soul in Ancient Greece wasn’t the same as the Abrahamic or modern concept, so their ideas of soulmates -  the myth of the soul being split in two and finding itself again in a lover, as a metaphor, that would have just meant… uh… true love.”
Cas manages a smile at that, hands still on Dean’s face. “Please don’t be. It was very nice to hear.”
Then again, maybe it's not so unreasonable to need the time to undo nearly forty years of neglect and repression and whatever else it is that makes up the darkness that is him.
"Pretty much. Not sure that the paradox part is going to apply if we can't send him back to his own timeline though."
John gets up slowly. Now-Dean glances at his memory self, sees the look of fear there as he runs calculations of risk.
When Dean meets Cas’ gaze again, there is that same cracked open wonder in Cas’ bright blue eyes. They stare at each other in breathless, panting quiet. Dean could probably stare at Cas like this until he died.
And Dean is still just fourteen the first time he lets someone bend him over a hotel bed, burying his face in the clean-smelling sheets, biting his own wrist. Because once he'd come so far, what did it matter, anyway? He was already…
"We don't have time for this," Dean says, frustration spilling into his voice. "For any of it. The curse, this other me, whatever. We're supposed to be helping Jack, get him ready to…" Dean doesn't end the sentence. They've taken up the habit of not saying Chuck's name in the bunker, trying to always assume he's listening, watching. For all Dean knows, he's somewhere out there enjoying the show, watching them squirm about what to do with younger Dean. For all they know, this is
"Hm," Cas said, considering this for the first time. "Is that something
It's Cas leaving him behind in Purgatory, Dean left on his own to fight against endless monsters, not knowing why Cas has disappeared, if he's just left him there or if he's dead. Now-Dean can see how desperate everything about Purgatory-Dean is, how positively feral he becomes looking for Cas. It's…
Dean reaches for his gun automatically again but stops himself from drawing it.
"Dude."
“And what do you think?”
at least looking at more art museum catalogues on his laptop, and Sam is wading through the PDFs he pulled days ago. They all look up at the familiar rustle, so they all see Cas go down.
Dean kissed his throat before sliding down, face pressed to Cas' collarbone.
And then it's Cas abandoning him at the portal, refusing to be saved, choosing Purgatory over Dean.
He takes a step forward and Cas shuffles ungainly backward. Dean tips his head back and laughs. He only stops laughing when Cas tries to let go of his hand.
He gets it, and it's as cruel as the rest of this spell.
Dean has fucked up in other ways too, but he's locked his secrets up and kept himself off the edge with the knowledge that at least no one had to know about those failures. They couldn't hurt anyone but him if no one knew.
She got to her knees and stared at them. Dean approached her cautiously and removed the cloth in her mouth. She head butted him and broke free of her chains as she stood.
Cas had told Dean he was. And he didsn’t want to make Cas’ final words a lie. Because Cas knew him better than anyone ever had. He had rebuilt Dean from nothing, had seen Dean in Hell and known every horror he committed. Cas had seen Dean at every possible ‘worst’ a person could have. Still, Cas believed Dean to be a good, loving man. The most loving. And Cas knew everything about him.
Dean opened the door with so much hope, but the face staring back at him did not belong to Cas.
. It was the first time he had felt at peace in a long time. Taking what he thought would be his last breath, Dean closed his eyes and prayed,
As though the conversation with Chuck had flipped a switch between them, Sam was now restless with angry energy. The way his emotions were prowling around the room left Dean feeling like prey. Eventually, Dean told him, “Take a walk, Sam.” The slam of the exit door was enough to draw Jack’s attention from the thread he was unraveling.
“There’s always something else.”
Dean wanted to feel like screaming, to feel like punching something or breaking it. Instead, he felt a long, aching, emptiness take hold of him. A seed had been planted the moment Billie had trapped his heart in her hand and squeezed. Now it consumed him.
“Father, no. That was a lapse of judgment, I admit, but I swear I...” Michael replied, panicking. He seemed to know what was coming now.
. Did they not at least deserve a minute to process what the hell was going on? Lucifer showed up, out of fucking nowhere, pretending to be Cas. Then, he brought in some random woman and literally murdered her in front of them. Dean wasn’t stupid, but fuck. They basically traversed the entirety of human emotion in the span of about two minutes.
“We're surrendering. We're giving up,” Sam said. The admission was a statement of fact, emotionless. A fleeting thought of Sam’s apathy cut across Dean’s mind. He wondered how Sam could stand there, so still and calm as though this were something simple. As though he wasn’t filled with the same rage and despair and hopelessness and fury that was surging through Dean’s veins at just seeing Chuck stand before them.
“What?” Sam asked as Dean looked over at his brother in utter disbelief.
“Hey,” Dean said as Jack came through the door. The kid still looked like he was still in shock – whether from the loss of the planet or the loss of Cas, Dean wasn’t sure. He knew which one cut him worse.
**“Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Look at you,” he said as he started petting it, “Hey. Wow. How did Chuck miss you? Whoever thought finding a dog would feel like a miracle? Come on, Miracle. Come here.” Without a second thought, he picked up the dog and brought it to the Impala. Hope flared in his chest. If Chuck missed the dog, what else did he miss? Who else did he miss? He was carrying a miracle in his arms, literally.  As he rounded the corner, he called, “Sammy. Check it out!”
Billie had gotten everything she wanted, in the end.
“But Castiel? He, too, was created to love God above all else. To follow the rules set before him. To abide by his commandments. But unlike the rest of us, when God commanded that he love humanity first, Castiel did. It seems that over these millennia, he had undergone several corrective procedures, in an attempt to restore him to his natural settings.”
“Well... sure. I always do. Me being me. Is that it or...” Chuck replied as he approached them. For a moment, Dean wondered how someone so small, so unimposing could truly contain the power of God. How could someone like Chuck control the universe?
** As soon as they reentered the library where the others had gathered, Michael demanded, “Are you seriously thinking about trusting him?”
“Alright,” Sam said as he approached Chuck, “Well... one for the road.” Dean was surprised to see Sam punch him. When his brother shook his hand in pain, Dean had to bite his tongue. He’d done the same before to Cas, who had been good enough to turn his head with it, and still felt like he broke his hand. Punching God was probably a lot worse.
Besides, once they defeated Chuck, there would be time enough to focus on a rescue.
With a mocking salute, Chuck disappeared.
“After everyone –” Sam cleared his throat and began again, “After everyone disappeared and we were in that bar in Minnesota? When you came in from outside, the plants around you just wilted and died. We didn’t say anything because we didn’t know what it meant.”
“Okay, be honest with me, please. Would you have let me in if I said it was really me?” Lucifer asked.
“So, he told you.”
“Mikey, Mikey, come on, man. I get the bitterness. For all you did for the old man, you got no better from him than me. The son voted Most Likely to Suck, and that sucks,” Lucifer taunted.
**“Dean? Hey.”
“Cas?” Dean answered the phone instead of responding to Sam, certain the confusion and disbelief were pouring off of him in waves.
“As far as we know, only Death can open it. But, um...we're hoping, uh...maybe you can, too.” Sam said, hope bright in his voice. Dean glared at him. There was no ‘we’ in the situation. Dean didn’t think for a moment that Michael would be able to read the book when God himself could not.
“Amazingly, the believers loved him. They have for thousands of years. I guess my efforts were more effective than I'd hoped,” Michael said as he moved closer. The action set Dean on edge, worried that Michael wanted to kill them. Though after a breath, he realized the futility of that. If Michael tried to kill them before Chuck wanted them dead, Chuck would either stop Michael or simply bring them back.
“I'm sensing a presence. There's something out there... besides us,” Jack said.
Dean drew a hand down his chin as he fought to control the thoughts coursing through his head. He was Cas’ kid. Of course, Jack was family. Of course, he was. As Dean thought back over his actions and his words from the last few days – months even – he wondered just how much had been his own anger and fear controlling him and how much had been Chuck’s machinations. In truth, it didn’t matter. Because he knew at least part of it was him, and that was enough. He needed to fix this. But how?
“Do you want to go for a drive?” Sam asked. Dean thought briefly about the feel of the Impala’s wheel in his hands, her engine rumbling beneath his body as he cruised the roads. He thought about how his whole life had revolved around that, about how that had been the only true consistency of his life. The only true comfort. But staring down an empty highway now? Well. The idea wasn’t comforting. It wasn’t freeing. It was terrifying. Looking out across an empty highway wasn’t a reminder of his freedom, but of the loneliness of coming home.
“I think he’s absorbing the energy. Like, kind of an energy vampire.”
Grabbing a beer from the fridge and leaning back against the counter, Dean said, “Yeah, well... glad you were here. Chuck's getting desperate. He knows something's up. Wouldn't take the chance of showing up himself.”
“You found a dog?” Sam asked as he finished refueling the Impala.
“What do you mean? Of course, he's gonna come back to the bunker. He's the man with the plan. He's top dog. He can do whatever he wants now. Come on. You know what? We'll spruce the place up. We'll get some recliners. We'll get you one of those big-screen TVs,” Dean said as he made his way back to the Impala.
“Dean. I'm here. I'm hurt. Can you let me in?” Cas. That was Cas’ voice.
“Look out.” Dean groaned as he woke. Groggily rubbing his eyes to ease the pounding in his head, he sat up.
Sighing, Dean made his way to his bedroom. It didn’t matter to him if they waited a few more hours. He wasn’t going to sleep anyways. Instead, as he crawled into bed, his mind reached out to Cas again.
Who could - how could-? The man - fuck Cas wasn’t even a man! He was an Angel. Castiel, an Angel of the Lord. An Angel of the Lord loved Dean. The possibility had never even crossed Dean’s mind. He hadn’t thought Castiel could comprehend love, let alone feel it.
“There is nothing for you to say, Dean. Merely to understand.”
“So... does this mean you're the new... I mean, what do we call you?” Sam asked.
“I don’t understand.” Jack tilted his head in the same confused way that Cas always did, his expression a mirror image. It was a punch to the gut. Dean was being held together by Elmer’s glue and Silly String, but Jack deserved to know. And even if Dean couldn’t manage to give him the details right now, the why mattered. Jack needed to know that.
“Oh, no, this is... This is the first reaper to check out since Billie, right? So... wait for it. Wait for it. Ohhh... And...” Her body started to revive. After a moment, she was back as though nothing had happened. Clearly impressed with himself, Lucifer said, “Meet the new Death.”
“What Naomi and the rest of the angels failed to realize was that there was nothing to fix. They tore pieces of him out and called it success. But they could not keep him from himself. The memories may have been altered or destroyed. That did not change his being. He always managed to pull himself from the wreckage eventually. Like a phoenix risen from the flames
Before Dean could suggest they get on the road, Sam announced that would need to get a few things on the way. But first, he demanded, they needed to sleep. Didn’t want to fight Chuck with an even greater disadvantage.
. “Ah, yes. Thank you. Her perspective was skewed. How fascinating that they could believe my true vessel capable of such corruption. No. Dean Winchester, you did not corrupt him, but rather broke him free of the restraints they had bound him with. He was not lost, but rather found.
“You can't,” Dean said, the words hollow as he felt. There was nothing else to do. There were no cards left to play. Each had showed their hand and Chuck had won.
Opening the door to the fridge, Dean pulled out a couple of beers. Sam, he expected, wasn’t too far behind him. A twist of his wrist popped off the bottle caps. By the time he made it back to the doorway, Sam was standing in it.  With an unspoken consensus, they sat down on either side of the doorway.
“When the rapture first began, I took refuge here. It is St. Michael’s; you may have noticed.” Michael said as he approached them, making it only halfway down the aisle before stopping.
“How's, uh, Sam doing? Any progress?” Michael asked.
“What if we want to see you? You know, or have a beer or whatever?” Sam said. Dean moved back towards them. He didn’t want to lose Jack. He couldn’t lose Jack. But Sam, Sam was acting like this was it. Jack was God and they were telling Dean this was the end for them.
**dialogue taken from the show**
“C’mere,” Dean told him as he walked towards the table with DW, SW, and MW carved into the top. As Jack approached, Dean handed him the knife. Clasping him on the shoulder, Dean waved his other hand at the table and said, “Go ahead.”
“Sorry. It's slow going. But I think I was able to piece it together,” Sam said as he came into the library.
As he approached the city, Jack texted him a cross street to meet them. By the time he hit MN-19, the Impala was the only vehicle on the road. Pulling into the small town, he only saw a few cars still parked along the city streets. Maybe Chuck was just clearing out his path because it interfered with the story. He wondered briefly what the streets in places like New York look like right now. Probably packed with cars, stopped forever in a traffic gridlock.
“Gone. I'm sorry to say. Exterminated by my father, like everyone else.” There was a tinge of bitterness to his voice. Dean wondered briefly how the two had carried on, what sort of relationship existed between a twice occupied body when the more powerful had no desire to destroy the lesser and no need to retain control. How they may have searched for balance. How their imprisonment in the cage changed everything.
and had come back to him.
“What, are you, uh...doing some reading?” Sam said, acknowledging the open books spread before them.
Every single one was empty. There were no bodies, human or otherwise. No blood. Nothing. As if every living creature but Dean had never existed. Slowly, as he pressed on, the cars began to disappear entirely as though Chuck was clearing his path. Dean never saw one actually vanish, but there were fewer and fewer cars lining the blacktop the closer he got to Hastings.
“Oh, no, see, I'm the almighty. I really can. I mean, picture it. The two of you... And your little lapdog Jack... Rotting on a lifeless planet, knowing it's this way because you wouldn't take a knee. Eternal shame, suffering, and loneliness. Whew! That's deep. That's sophisticated. That's a page-turner.”** And then Chuck was gone.
Part of him hated himself for doing this -- drowning his grief in alcohol -- because he wanted to be past following in his father’s footsteps. He’d spent so much of his time being “daddy’s blunt little instrument” and seeing his dad again had made him realize that he wanted to be a better man than that.
There really was nothing for Dean to say to that.
“Yeah, maybe that's the point. No one left to help. No one but us.”** Sam said.
Dean waited for Michael to continue, but when he said nothing more for several minutes, Dean said, “I don’t know what you expect me to say.”
“Do you want me to leave?” The question and its sincerity startled Dean, though he supposed they really shouldn’t have. The kid had always been earnest and after everything Dean had said these last few days? Well. Anyone with sense would have expected this. Dean, of course, had lost all sense some time ago.
“It's not his power anymore,” Jack assured them.
**dialogue taken from the show**
As if to prove herself, she opened the book and began reading, “’Behold, in the end, there is the ending of he who created the beginning.’”
“Eh, what the heck. I can get my hands dirty.”  The pressure on his heart let up and Dean almost wept. For relief or despair, he wasn’t quite sure. Chuck’s first assault was enough to distract him from it all. Throughout the hits, Chuck kept mumbling nonsense at them, but he and Sam kept getting back up. They could see Jack behind him, and they only had to last long enough for Jack to power up.
“Where’s Cas?” Jack asked. A swell of emotion surged through Dean’s body. He tried to form the words but couldn’t. Apparently, he wasn’t as strong as he thought himself to be.
. Trying to put together the kind of words Cas would have had for Jack, Dean remained quiet for the last minute of their drive. When they pulled into the parking lot of a motel, he turned to look at Jack and said, “I can’t - I don’t have the words like Cas does, Jack. Did. I’m not good with all this,” he waved a hand around, “chick flick stuff.”
But here he was, just as scared and lonely and empty as he had been as a child, staring up at the big buildings while his dad disappeared and left him to take care of Sammy. His feet felt like they had been filled with the lead in his heart as he stood outside this dingy hotel, waiting for Sammy to return.
Spitting out a mouthful of blood, Dean waved him off, “Yeah.”
“Way to go. I mean it. Way to go,” Dean told him. Fuck, he was so proud of his kid.
Instead, he turned on the radio to some nonsense station, ignoring Sam’s look as he climbed into the Impala.
Michael’s face was contemplative. After a moment, he said, “I had always thought myself to be Lucifer’s opposite. Father had created us that way. I was the good son, the faithful son. I wore my love for my father proudly, carried with me his guidance and his rules. Lucifer was the one who disobeyed. The bad son, faithless. Much the same way that you and your brother were. But I see now that in his creation, his writing—” the word was spoken with heated disdain “—that his parallels were only surface level. That in truth, it was Castiel who was my brother’s true opposite.”
“See, we knew Michael would warn you and you'd show up here. And you did. And you killed your own son,” Sam said.
“He died for nothing.”
“World’s empty Sam. There’s no one to check us in.” He waved at the dump in front of him, the kind of cheap place he grew up in, “Got the pick of the palace.”
“Why are you smiling?” Chuck demanded.
“This... This... ,” Chuck said, touching the ground in front him as if to emphasize his point, “This is why you're my favorites. You know, for the first time, I have no idea what happens next. Is this where you kill me? I mean, I could never think of an ending where I lose. But this, after everything that I've done to you... to die at the hands of Sam Winchester... Of Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer...It's kind of glorious.” Chuck’s satisfaction at his own ending rubbed Dean the wrong way, and he made a decision right then and there. Chuck had fucked around with their lives too much for too long to get to be satisfied with his ending. More than that, Dean wasn’t going to let him decide Dean’s actions ever again. Not through his power, and not through manipulation.
Dean didn’t stick around too long after that, afraid that Michael might decide to read his thoughts again. He figured the angel was too consumed with his own thoughts at the moment, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
Without bothering to respond, Jack closed his eyes. Between one breath and the next, the world was alive again. The thrum of energy almost knocked Dean over. Trying to keep to his feet, he set out across the street with Sam to look around.
“I don’t understand.”
Or maybe something had happened to Sam.
Jack was quiet for so long, Dean lost to the aimless tracing with fingers, that Dean assumed he left. He startled when Jack asked, “Can you tell me what happened?”
“Aw, hell kid. Why didn’t you tell us?” Dean asked.
But Jack was just a fucking kid and Sam could be a big boy and deal with his own shit. Dean had to help Jack, even if he had no idea where the fuck to start, because Cas wasn’t—because Cas needed him to.
“Poetic, isn’t it? That as he broke you free from the confines of hell, so you did the same for him. Even more so that my father never intended it, and certainly never could have created it.”
Sleep did eventually come, though only in bits and pieces. Sam didn’t return until later the next morning. Dean figured he had slept in Eileen’s car, searching for some sort of comfort in what remained of her. That was something Dean would never have.
“Oh.” Jack didn’t seem surprised at what happened. Before Dean could ask, Jack said, “That happened before, too. When we were painting the sigils on the walls in the silo. There was a plant by me. And when I went to get rid of it like Donna asked, it just. . . died.”
“I did what I did because it was the right thing to do, not to get his love,” Michael replied.
“You said Cas summoned the Empty to save you?” Dean managed to jerk his head once. “And you’re still here. He died for you.”
Finally, finally, Jack nodded at them. Sam helped pull Dean to his feet one last time, both of them grinning with the knowledge that Chuck was done for.
**“It's pretty quiet,” Sam remarked. And it was. Dean could practically hear their breaths echo in the big, empty room. When they had first come to the bunker, most of the time it had just been the two of them. They were used to the silence then. But, in the intervening years, there had been a large procession of people. Charlie when she had time. Mary. Jack, of course. All the hunters from apocalypse world. And Cas, who flitted in and out so often at the start. Cas, who had started to stay, and stay, and stay. Cas, who Dean finally managed to convince to claim his own room. Cas, whose presence was often as large as he claimed his true form to be. Cas, whose absence was far more noticeable.
“He told me not to tell you and Sam.”
“I couldn’t save anybody,” Sam told him. “Billie.” Her name was a quiet curse.
Slowly, when Sam had finally put away his phone, they all started making their way down the street. Not far down, Dean and Sam walked into a bar. When Jack remained outside, Dean didn’t press. There was no need to rush the kid through his grief. Dean wasn’t sure he’d be able to put this one aside and deal with the rest of the world disappearing himself.
Certain Jack had no answer for they had witnessed outside, Dean and Sam said nothing.
Steady on his feet for the first time since the night the Empty took Cas, Dean approached a cowering Chuck and said, “Sorry, Chuck.” Standing up, he started moving back to the car. He’d never been more grateful for the faith that Sam and Jack had in him as they followed behind him, leaving Chuck alone and unharmed on the ground.
“I looked, you know. Through the years when I returned. It was well within my power. I wanted to see what my perfect vessel had done with his free will.  What it was that I had been stuck in a cage for. Peace? Paradise? It seemed I had suffered that you might suffer. Each year worse than the last. Of course, I see now my father’s handiwork through it all.
“Us? Jack is okay?” A small tendril of relief managed to breathe into his muscles.
“This can’t be happening.”
“Alright, Chuck,” Dean said as he stood. “You win.”
“And what do you want me to understand? I already know that you and Lucifer were all strung up like puppets and you wanted us to do the same. I know that we chose free will and we’ve been fighting for it ever since. I know that that’s what got us into this mess.”
probably BAKED the first one - which gives you points in my book by the way - even though it was probably made of rocks and sticks or something.”
“Cas…” he began, not having the faintest idea where to go from there. He paused.
“Whatever, jerk. I think it’s sweet
choke - but when Charlie brandished a small pink bag with a silver zipper, he immediately reconsidered.
The second he reached the doorframe, heavy wool blanket dangling pointlessly from his arms, he felt stupid. This had all been such a
Dean’s entire being stalled in pleasure as Cas’ strong fingers anchored themselves around his ribcage as the angel leaned in, and scraped his stubbled cheek along Dean’s as his mouth made its way to Dean’s ear.
” Cas blurts out quickly. He looks uncharacteristically timid.
Cas’ face brightens in understanding, and suddenly looks appropriately smug for a guy who’s officially half-peacock.
“Thank you.” He replied. His gaze clouded with guilt. “Cyriel was loyal. He shouldn’t have died. Too many of my brothers and sisters have already, in the name of this War.”
?” Dean hissed, as his ride bumped again.
“He returned early this morning while you were asleep and left again. He said he would ‘catch you later’ and left for the town archive, apparently to research another case. He seemed… aloof, considering I haven’t seen him in a few weeks.”
Dean growled in annoyance before urgently fumbling into “Can’t you put your wings away then?” as though the angel hadn’t thought of that.
“Oh. Well, I’m a seraph, Dean.” he explains. “We have
Sam snorts.
He knelt down to Cas’ eye-level. It was his turn to violate the personal bubble commandment, and he ducked through the wall of feathers to get to Cas’ closed-off face. From this new vantage, it was instantly obvious why the angel wasn’t in a talking mood anymore. Namely, he was covered in sweat, strong jaw locked tight, while tiny fault-lines of creepy luminescent blue spidered up his neck, threatening to spill onto his face. He looked about ready to shatter from the inside out, into a thousand glowing angel-puzzle pieces. Dean couldn’t stop himself from framing Cas’ face with his hands, as though his mere mortal grasp might hold him together.
Dean glowers.
“Hey wait just a goddamned minute,” Dean blustered. He wasn’t about to take the blame for the one time he actually hadn’t been an asshole (all angelic love curses aside) to his long-suffering companion. “He walked out on ME, okay?”
“Dean. It’s
Charlie,” he hissed with all the disdain usually reserved for lesser sewer demons, “and that’s
Thusly revealed, Dean tried his damnedest to look casual as he approached.
“If I puke, it’s on you. Literally.” Dean gritted unsteadily, seeing nothing but flapping black wings in front of him. It was only then that he realized just how incredibly awkward a position this was; like a crushing hug 100 feet in the air, while he ‘stood’ on Cas’ toes. It seemed like mortal terror did nothing to dispel the intoxicating the feel of Cas’ lean body crushed against him after all. Go figure.
“There’s contention between historians regarding the sources of pie,” he clarified solemnly. “Some say Ancient Egypt, some say Ancient Greece. What do you think?”
“It was an unpleasant solution for you, and I’m sorry to have embarrassed you,” Cas began for him suddenly, “That being said, summoning a cupid would have taken hours that you possibly didn’t have. I did what I had to and I don’t regret it.”
“Good.”
He takes a breath and allows his head to fall forwards until their foreheads touch. He hovers there for a few moments, breathing in Cas’ soft gasp of surprise and swallowing his own, allowing himself to be anchored by the tender hands that come to greet his face.
Dean’s face instantly flushed.
The words are jumbled, but their intent is clear. He has never meant anything more sincerely in his life. He sits, swallowing down the pulse that drums thickly in his throat. Castiel considers him, blue gaze unyielding and undeniably intrigued.
“Call it a calculated risk. I know us pretty well, but that was a pretty close call, you idiot.”
“I’m so glad my humiliation is useful to you,” the angel snapped, turning in on himself. “I suppose it wouldn’t be the first time.”
him if he ever got back down to sweet, blessed firm ground. Yeah, he was going to steal the angel blade right from his stupid, stinky trench-coat, bend him over and shove it right up-
Cas’ grip on Dean had retreated to the platonic safety of his shoulders, and the angel refused to meet his eyes.
“I… well uh, I felt -... you were ….” Dean coughed. “Would you just freaking humour me here?”
At this, the angel frowned, the wings pausing their aerial tai-chi or whatever it was they were doing, in concert. A sturdy, solemn hand landed on Dean’s shoulder as he stared sullenly into the ground.
Castiel treated him to an exhausted glare.
grabbing onto his soul somehow, like some sort of metaphysical lamprey. Of course, he wouldn’t have put it past himself to have an out-of-body experience about kissing Cas, honestly, but this was something else… something
Dean sighed.
,” Cas growled, turning the black feather aggressively in gnarled fingers.
It was approaching 1AM when Dean finally decided he could take no more. He tore himself from his sweat-soaked sheets and launched himself to his feet with a howl of frustration. There would be no sleep tonight. Nothing had given him peace from his painful, vibrating limbs, churning belly and feverish thoughts; not TV, not porn, not polishing every weapon he owned. He felt as though he was teetering on the edge of a heart attack that refused to drop the other shoe. Chamber. Whatever. His veins thrummed with the frenetic wingbeats of a hundred beehives, his vision swam, and while he felt the lure of his one remedy wrenching at him from beyond the warm grey walls, he fought the roiling hunger with every atom he possessed.
He steeled himself as he put Baby into park, a safe, steeply-paid distance away from potential drunken bottle bashers. He reached for his phone.
“Oh,” Cas realized, his voice low. “I’m sorr-”
“So….?” Dean egged him on.
“Cas you gotta give me something here,” Dean demanded, trying to temper his mounting panic. “I ain’t no warlock, but I’m pretty damned sure that you leave your vessel with a curse like this on you, you might not -”
“It’s a sin to lie, Dean. I know you love the coat as much as I do,” he says between a yawn or two. It’s still disconcerting sometimes to see him do that, but for now, Dean tries to forget how much the Earth has tarnished him - how much Dean himself has - and smiles, instead.
just…. Let him be, for now. I already had this fight with him on the way back.”
Dean swallowed down his heart which was threatening to climb out of his throat.
“Look, I dunno. I brought it for you, ‘cause it seemed to help last time. But I get that you’re all good now so ….”
motherfucker, Dean marveled to himself.
“Go…” Cas insisted weakly, “Dean,
about 15 feet away from his starting point, and it took every ounce of restraint Dean had accumulated in his entire lifetime not to burst out into hysterical laughter. He failed.
“I didn’t know how much of you would be left to come back to,” was Dean’s muffled confession.
“If you love him Dean, just try again. Cas’ never given up on you, so… don’t give up on him. You both have given enough, and I just want you to try for whatever happiness you can get in this crappy lot we’ve been given. I know I have.”
“I promise I won’t drop you, Dean,” Cas whispered soothingly. Dean could
Dean's self-loathing is interrupted.
He just didn’t think it would be now - like right now - in the middle of the garage, with an unwitting audience.
Dean couldn’t help himself; decades of dad-joke defense mechanisms were hard to subdue. Castiel, meanwhile, had the look of forced patience reserved for overpacked subways and screaming infants on airplanes.
“Love ‘em and leave ‘em, huh Dean?”
,” he groaned.
” with Biblical conviction, and who had taken Dean’s heated suggestion of “taking a hike” literally one time, returning from Mount Fuji a day later with souvenir charms. In short, Dean dutifully reckoned with the idea that okay, he was undeniably crushing on an infinitely wise, glorious and powerful being… who also happened to be a completely adorable doofus.
He had Sammy back, but he
“Thanks,” is his meagre offering.
of disturbing things in his life.
“Cas?” he asked again, wariness mounting in his chest. His pulse skyrocketed and he instinctively reached for the knife he’d stupidly left on a nearby nightstand, not that it would make any damned difference. A faint groan escaped the heaving mass on the floor. Instead of the weapon, Dean risked a grope at the dusty lamp sitting crookedly on the nightstand. The dim orange bulb sputtered and buzzed its hardest, finally providing enough visual context for Dean to understand what he thought he was seeing. It didn’t help much. Squinting in a way that would give the angel himself a run for his money, Dean finally made out Castiel’s perma-tousled dark hair beneath the heap of what he could only surmise were feathers.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel greets as per usual, retrieving the mug in Dean’s frozen left hand. It’s the one sporting the cartoon bumble bee. “Thank you for the coffee.”
As expected, his stomach took a nosedive into his heels, but he nevertheless followed through with the other eye.
“It’s a spell,” Cas offered, vague as ever. “I’ll be fine.”
Quaking fingers venture to touch seared and searing skin, tracing a careful perimeter of where Cas’ shirt and tie dutifully hung mere hours ago. A singed hole has temporarily taken up residence in their stead, breaching fabric and delicate skin in an almost perfect and gastly circle. Seemingly sensing the aftershocks of this gruesome evidence, the angel sheds the remaining layers in one smooth motion, as though the tattered ensemble had personally offended him. Perhaps it had. Stubborn bastard never did like being proven wrong.
Castiel stared canted questions at him, flexing a wing in curiosity. Dean half-snorted, despite his awkwardness.
before,” Dean remarked.
Cas did the head tilt thing while his brows quirked in confusion, and a tentative flap confirmed the lingering presence.
The embrace deepened, and a tide of warmth that felt like his heart liquefied, or grace, or both, drowned out all the background noise. The entire world - the entire freaking universe - had been reduced to the elation of kissing Cas, to breathing Cas in, to devouring him from the inside out as his lips and tongue and teeth ravenously sought him out from all possible angles. He shook and gasped at the feel of it, reeling at his explorations being returned tenfold, being made whole by the sudden certainty that this was right and divine and immovable. He poured everything he was into that kiss, and let Cas take what he needed from the ineffable blaze erupting between them. It was everything he had, everything he was, and Cas could take all of it. And, thusly lost and found all at once, Dean let himself fall, tethered to the angel he’d loved with every molecule since before even knowing his name.
. So, I will
“That’s not… it wasn’t-”
wings.”
Just next to him, Cas hummed softly in response while the wings shifted slightly overhead.
There was a smile again, pressed into his shoulder.
“Lemme out Cas,” Dean sniped. No dice.
“Yeah.” Dean admitted quietly. “He booked it right after - And get your head outta the damn gutter by the way, it’s not what you think -” he added, tossing a perfectly innocent grape at his brother’s head. Its perfect trajectory did not lighten his mood.
And okay, so what if years’ worth of pent-up emotion was leaking through the floodgate, and nevermind that this might very well be the last and only opportunity Dean might ever have to smother Cas, enormous and unfathomable as he was now, with the all the affection the weird little nerd deserved, before he literally melted Dean into Plaid-Doh. If these were to be his final moments anyway, all the hunter cared to concentrate on amidst the blistering chaos all around, were the sinfully soft lips pressed against his own.
Dean whispered and dammit, this time he
Perhaps it was the drain of this most recent job. After all, this nest of vamps in particular could all have had prom dates for how disturbingly young they looked. Perhaps was it the frigid, psychopathic detachment with which Sam had dispatched these literal children of the night that evening, heads falling as easily as rose stems. Or maybe it was just that powerful longing for normalcy which breached him every so often, especially after particularly gruesome jobs, which in turn, fed the upsetting realization that he had no idea what
Dean’s stomach lurched.
“Dean,
,” Castiel dithered, still not meeting Dean’s eyes. “A mark of a sort. But I realize now it is a bird’s feather and that you couldn’t have- We never- Please, never mind.”
“Yes, I imagine they are,” he allows vaguely, “but my Grace compensates for their weight on this plane. I suppose I should be thankful for that. The curse could have been worse.”
In that moment, Dean instantly recognized the warmth pooling in his chest, and for once, he wasn’t afraid. He wanted to see this kind of reaction in Cas as often as he possibly could, wanted to be responsible for giving him these rare bouts of untainted happiness in an existence sublimated by blind, self-effacing devotion to others. Something heavy and self-negating had been dislodged in his chest, as though the toothy angel grin had somehow been the last heave necessary to send Dean teetering over a self-imposed edge. In fact, feeling the affection and adoration flood over him like winter thaw, Dean felt compelled to spew all the sappy Samantha stuff he'd kept bottled up right at Cas and see what would happen.
he surmised ridiculously, as his brain struggled to process the astonishing sight. The numerous miracles he'd seen Cas perform over the years seemed swallowed up by the sheer presence of these symbols, and it took Dean aback for a few moments.
“God you’re a stubborn asshole, you know that?” Dean grumbled.
He knew fine well that’s where the angel had been the entire time of course, as this was his roost of choice to meditate, commune, play celestial Yahtzee, or whatever it was he did when he was bothered by something. The pantomimed search had simply given Dean an excuse to calm his nerves and his reeling breakfast. It hadn’t worked obviously, and Dean felt like he was marching straight into a root canal.
“You’re worth it,” Cas reiterates. His hard blue gaze is sharpened to an icy point, daring him the hunter to contradict him. Dean is pinned into silence for a long while. He eventually nods, defeated. He’s so fucking tired.
“This is comfortable. Thank you, Dean,” Cas says in his usual deadpan, from the nook of Dean’s lap. He looks for all the world like he’s always belonged there, and this both awes and frustrates Dean, for the decade’s worth of wasted potential. He watches, mesmerized as Cas sighs deeply; his head stretching back, muscles uncoiling languidly against the rickety frame of couch and legs. The angel has drawn himself into a rather casual picture of exhaustion, which is impressive for a creature so covered in his own gore.
He should have seen it coming.
even was anymore. Normal for Dean fell anywhere on the spectrum between ordering a burger at a quaint roadside diner and stabbing some undead teenager through the brain. Sometimes, that could wear on a guy.
, actually,” Cas corrected him. “It’s a collection of testimonial essays about the history of baking as both a result and expression of culture.”
“Is it something I did? I thought we were finally-”
a loophole!”
“.... You wouldn’t happen to know about the physical mechanics of landing, would you?”
And this… this is a thing he’s going to have to deal with now.
“Damn, shoulda tried that years ago,” Dean sighed.
“I haven’t seen him since he left your room last night,” Sam needled. “Y’know, to tell me that we wouldn’t be needing the spell after all. Because he was able to ‘help’ you.”
He chuckled darkly, bringing a hand to knead at his wrinkled brow.
To emphasize his point, he reached over and lifted Cas’ stubbly chin, revealing a few endlessly Grace-spewing slashes down the column of the angel’s neck. It almost looked like he had gills. Cas said nothing, but those blue eyes bored into Dean mercilessly. Dean swore the angel had leaned into his touch, but he released him before he could confirm the impression.
” was nothing more than an empty title unworthy even of the cheesy Hallmark card it insinuated.
He knows how good a liar the angel is first hand. Dean sighs. Crosses a distance he usually wouldn’t, without much of a thought.
Cas sighed, raking trembling hands through his dishevelled hair. This expression of grief was proof enough that Cas was off-kilter. He usually let the deaths of angels and humans roll off his tongue without so much as a blink, regardless of how he inwardly felt about them. The brief, vulnerable gesture left Dean starving with the need to comfort him, but he locked his arms even more tightly around himself, his nails digging into the buzzing skin of his biceps.
“Cas? Got coffee, y’up here?” he calls.
“Well
had been, just now.
“You would like it. It contains pie.”
letting some douchebag egomaniacs from above, below and between dictate life on Earth, slimy as it could be. Since this was his cursed lot, he’d decided to keep pushing back in any way he could, kicking and screaming and gritting his teeth, and punching the gods right in their ugly, mysterious faces. It was vulgar but effective. And if the result was that the blissfully ignorant masses perched on his shoulders still retained their free will, well... On most nights, that kept Dean warm enough.
“What-uh…. Whatever is more comfortable for you, Cas.”
“I guess you’ll be going back upstairs to the big Chicken Coop in the sky now,” Dean accused, turning away. “Love ‘em and leave ‘em, I guess...”
“‘Course…” Dean muttered into the pillow. It smelled faintly of iron and thunderstorms; an angelic fingerprint as familiar to him as gun smoke. He bent his arms over his face to stifle the sting of his eyes.
just for shits and giggles, even though the situation had forced him into closer quarters than his nebulous heterosexuality might have preferred.
God, words were
The mantra had grown tattered and thin over the past few hours, but he persisted. He’d fought the Mark, for fuck’s sake. He could damn well fight this ludicrous situation. After all, Dean liked his room, liked the Bunker, and wasn’t too keen on spending the remainder of his already difficult life hiding under a rock because of a chubby guy in a toga, thank you very much.
“I wanted to thank you, Dean” said Cas then. “For having faith, and reminding me to as well. I have done a number of terrible things in the name of this War and… I…”
Castiel gifted him with a withering look potent enough to dessicate the Amazon.
in order to expose the soul. For humans, it’s often in the form of physical and emotional vulnerability. So violence, or alternately closeness, depending on the case.”
“Look,” Cas ordered him, his thundering voice far too close to Dean’s earlobe for any semblance of fairness in life.
So much for conversation.
“Cas, I- are you sure? This is- I can’t-“
He had his grandfather back, but Samuel was far from the illustrious hunting legend Dean had always imagined; He was actually kind of a slippery, cue-balled douchebag.
Tonight the years bear down upon him, heavy with endless twisting loops of regret, violence and loss. The near-missed opportunities flash before his eyes in merciless focus, scrubbing his habitual safeties away. He lets himself falter, for once.
It all makes sense of course, but Dean has absolutely no frame of reference for how ‘grooming’ even looks, or works. For the briefest second, his brain conjures a vision of Cas splashing around in a bird bath and he just about loses it right there and then, but manages to swallow down his laughter. Cas looks particularly embarrassed right now, and he figures it’s probably some obscure angel thing around which he should tread lightly. Tentatively, he places a hand on one of the folded wings, calling back Cas’ attention.
“That’s not true, Dean,” the angel managed, breathless but certain.
“Y’don’t gotta thank me, I was…”
“Yeah well, see, I think we do.”
“Point,” Dean agrees meanwhile, far, FAR too easily. “Pineapple it is. But make sure it’s on a separate pie, Sam. I don’t want that unspeakable shit on mine.”
“It’s not
Because, yeah: being “touched by an angel” was pretty fucking bewildering to put it mildly, even though the pain was curiously beginning to ebb, replaced by something else entirely. By the time Dean could wrap his limited human consciousness around it, a plume of liquid heat had begun to swell in his chest and he was suddenly sure, in that surreal, heart-stopping moment, that Cas was
This time, Cas turned fully and regarded him with such a familiar, squinted expression of confusion that Dean couldn’t help but feel fond despite his trepidation.
because Sam is right on the money. (Dammit, is he really that transparent?) He briefly considers giving one mug of joe to Sam, as though that were his plan all along; as though he didn’t know fine well that Sam has actually been drinking some fancy, flowery tea with his breakfasts lately. Before he can decide, his younger brother foils him.
“Okay well since you’re stuck here, if you wanna fly, let’s work it out,” Dean proposed with a clap of exaggerated enthusiasm, designed to dispel his reverie. “I think you’re probably flapping too hard, for starters.”
As he reaches Jack in the map room, he finds himself wondering if the past decade of barely-repressed pining was actually better than these jarringly-opened floodgates of unrestrained flirting, dirty jokes, and wow- LOUD smooching. (And dear god, how in the multiverse is it that he's able to
He wills himself to stop the flustered flailing, somehow. It's a near thing.
“‘Kay well, in the meantime, dontcha think this game of naked angel pinball you’re playing might attract some attention from the yocals?” Dean asked, sweeping a demonstrative hand towards the motel suites and their
Cas’ concern is a familiar tune, too.
In the middle of said lawn stood Castiel, plain as day with coal- black wings fully extended and bathed in a brilliant column of forest-filtered morning light. And damn him, Dean stopped right on his heels, enraptured by none other than his best friend
“Ugh, let me HAVE this,” Charlie pleaded, pawing at his habitual green plaid overshirt. Her puppy eyes could rival Sam’s… or maybe the traitor had taught her.
Mercifully, Cas seemed unaffected by Dean’s accidental visit to Euphemism Land and merely returned an uneasy look.
...Fuck.
“Yes, you were right, Dean! I believe I’m
“Dean-”
“Then why….”
version,” Dean balked, his acrophobia spiking dangerously around his belly in protest. “I like it just fine right here.”
Cas clearly needed more power, to tide him and his hungry wings over until the spell wore off, or until a better option presented itself. And just like that, as he beheld the terrible spectacle tenting them, the solution struck Dean like lightning. Even if it was just a bandaid for now, it was all they had. Because he sure as shit wasn’t going to let Cas go nuclear alone if this failed.
He feels Cas’ steady hands holding him together as they make their way into the dingy but seemingly clean room. Neither says anything about the breach of personal space. It’s more or less routine at this point, these wordless, wanting touches, and he can’t spare the energy for protest. He welcomes the support actually, because his body is endeavouring a full-on rebellion if the unpleasant tilt of the room is any indication.
“Hey, it’s working!” he beamed, “Toldja!”
They lapse into silence for a while, staring out at the horizon while they enjoy their brew. Cas stands as close as he usually does, despite the tripled forty foot wingspans crowning him. Three wings are carefully angled around Dean’s frame, meticulously careful not to touch him. Dean finds himself sort of wishing they would. He can feel their sumptuous warmth radiating from all around, somewhat like the comforting aura of a fireplace… or a blast furnace really, if angelic strength has anything to do with it. He feels safe and protected, berthed in their shadow.
Dean squeaked in protest but had learned long ago not to argue with Charlie, lest she choose an even worse outcome. After all, had he not complained, he might have gotten to keep his precious flannel. Regardless, it was too late and the merciless tyrant had finally peeled it off him, leaving him feeling all kinds of exposed.
There was the slightest hint of a grin tugging at Cas’ mouth.
“No, you don’t know- you…” His mouth struggled to form the words around the indefensible keen of want gurgling up from his throat.
Of course, the only place he’d looked so far was at the bottom of a cheap whiskey bottle.
Dean's vast sense of unworthiness immediately clamped his throat shut, but with Cas’ fingers leisurely caressing the freckled expanse of his forearm for a long, quiet moment, his opinion soon became moot.
“I would rip you apart,” he wheezed and Dean frowned into the increasing brilliance. Cas unfortunately had a point: if someone was going to pull a Kali-Ma on your soul, better that they have a steady hand and not turn your insides to pudding.
“Cas, come on man…” Dean urged. “You’re gone for months and this is how you decide to make your entrance? Stop being a drama queen and wake up.”
one down, but it was true nonetheless.
And somehow, the mundane comment instantly quells the storm of anxiety raging in the hunter’s chest. This is just the same old Cas.
Either way, the bodies were still smoking when they’d finally found Dean, tied up and bloody in a typically gloomy unfinished basement.
touching him. Dean suddenly got the distinct impression that Cas was treating him a bit like a spooked fawn. He wasn’t wrong.
“Point is, it wasn’t pretty. But I tried talking to him Sam, I did.”
Despite the shadow, he could picture Cas’ brows pinching together.
“That was too close, Cas,” he says. He hates the obvious tremble of his voice, yet makes no attempt to mask it.
“Whatever, Sammy. Is there even a case here? It just sounds like a bunch of rave-kids coming off their uppers. I mean, we thought there were a bunch of cases in Florida, but it was just
which had torn their way through his trademark attire.
He dug his fingers even deeper around Cas’ neck, far too terrified to even preoccupy himself with the full-on body sandwich press they had going on, and tentatively opened an eye.
“Cas,
“Well,” Cas attempted, “It’s nothing you haven’t seen before, really.”
you’re built like a tank but still, even for a solid dude they uhm… they… look uh, hefty.”
He turns towards Cas. The angel looks rough, too. The pleasing angles of his face have been splintered by small scrapes and bruises, his dark hair looks like it’s gone two rounds with a jet-engine and he’s (shockingly) shed two layers of his blood-soiled uniform. His exposed forearms barely distract from Cas’ unrelenting gaze though, and Dean can’t help but stare back, enthralled, while his pulse pounds an erratic staccato in his ears. He tries for mildly annoyed but his fractured voice betrays him.
have felt a twinge of misty-eyed pride about how Sam had been stealing his thunder in that regard lately, were the change not so drastic. In fact, despite how deliriously happy Dean had been to see him again on that fateful day in Lisa’s neighbour’s garage, this was only one of the many things that he’d come to realized had changed in Sam’s usually predictable personality. Sam had been different since his return from Hell, period. Of course, spending the equivalent of years in the fiery pits of bloody absolution wasn't exactly a recipe for mental health, but it was somehow more than that. Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on the root cause (and he was not getting
When Cas didn’t answer and instead turned his scarlet features away, Dean realized just how deeply he’d stepped in it. A prickling silence enfolded them both for a painfully long while.
“Hello, Dean.” he greeted as per usual, as though absolutely nothing had changed.
“Sam’s back?”
vulnerable, are the easiest ways to access the soul, other than literally tearing into it,” Castiel provided, lacing his long fingers together and setting them primly over his knees. He stared at his impeccably-pressed pants, as though their polyester folds held the secrets of the universe.
The bastards had flayed his angel to pieces.
The black wings trembled and creaked overhead, cast in the same ethereal luminescence. Cas’ skin grew disturbingly transparent due to the azure blight searing through him, the iridescent flow of angelic power pulsing from his shuddering center towards the great appendages in long, glowing veins. The light seemed to be fading from his torso, replaced by those brittle, scaly crevasses tattooing themselves onto his frame in their wake. The wings were as giant willows; firm, unforgiving roots steadfastly sucking the life from where they’d been planted, leaving crumbling, ashen pieces of what was supposedly unbreakable behind. Dean suddenly cursed them beneath his breath, eyeing them hatefully.
Fortunately, they were already halfway home when the effects started to kick in. Had he not already been paying close attention, he might have missed his symptoms entirely. It was nothing but a sudden spike in temperature; perhaps a light tug coming from the doldrums of his stomach. So far. The grudging gift of experience dictated that it would likely get much worse before it would get better.
demons - and how
“Cas,” Dean tried, still shaking the magical cobwebs from his head.
“Yeah well, the plan was to take a spin with that one blonde that kept giving me the eye but hell, I dunno. Guess I’m getting too old for this shit.”
or something just because I was rootin’ around in your chicken parts…”
. You don’t understand,” Dean pleaded outright, no longer able to mask the desperation in his voice.
voice. It was the placating, grisly-call-to-desperate-action-or-we’re-all-going-to-die sort of one he used whenever the latest apocalypse had befallen them, or occasionally, when the beer had run out. (He was a conscientious fridge-keeper.) Either way, Dean’s innards clenched with the anticipation of something drastically wrong and he bulldozed right past Cas and his stupid, harbinger-of-doom tone, cell in hand.
He deposits Castiel and takes stock of what he'll need before disappearing down the hall again. Once he returns from a brief and nerve-wracked jaunt for gauze and an abused plastic pale filled with warm water, the inky expanses of Cas’ wings have filled the space. There is now a veritable galaxy unfurled inside the muted oranges of his lamp-lit bedroom.
And while Dean isn’t one for prodding this hard at something that makes him feel actual feelings, he really can’t help his curiosity.
that Big Bird,” Dean assures him - he’s no idiot when it comes to angel lore by now - “but you never wear ‘em out, that’s all. I thought it was, I dunno,… a metaphor or something. Like halos and harps and togas, y'know, like lore or whatever.”
Dean barely registered the amusing way Cas had emulated the air quote, even though his execution had been understandably half-assed. No. Stupid, based human that he was, Dean was far too intensely preoccupied with how the angel’s lips, thusly
“Cyriel is dead. His grace seeped out of him on contact and then once he was mortal he was impaled on-”
“Yes, so do I,” Cas agreed knowingly.
Cas’ voice suddenly petered out as he hunched forward, clenching his sides in a vice grip. Knowing full well that angels were immune to what looked like a case of really bad tacos, Dean’s practiced cool was beginning to crack. Before he could intervene, Cas receded into the shroud of feathers.
Dean thinks he manages some noise of agreement, but it’s a softly stuttered breath in a gale. He can do little else but concede while his every facade crackles, bright and sudden.
In all, Sam feels curiously unprepared because honestly?
The narrow-eyed head tilt that followed made him falter, but he was determined to hold that infuriating cerulean gaze until it would yield.
“So, you’re absolutely sure that me digging my filthy mud-monkey paws around in those nice shiny feathers wouldn’t sully your precious angel flower or something?”
the grin in his words, and it infuriated him all the more.
Wow, there was a visual Dean and his merciless house-coat didn’t need right now.
Dean deposits the two coffee mugs he’d carried onto the table, and crosses his arms towards his brother.
“I said, my vessel is failing.”
Like so many other emotionally-charged issues, these were just more gaping potholes he’d have to detour and leave in the rear-view. It didn’t make it any easier to digest though, because as loath as he was to admit it out loud, their previous exchange had felt like a hell of a lot more than a last-ditch exercise of spiritual mechanics. And surprisingly, he’d felt pretty damned okay with that. What really rankled him was the idea that this whole thing might just have felt like celestial indigestion to Cas. It was a distinct possibility; angels were pretty robotic, even when putzing around with the very cores of people. But this was
, the feeling will punch the very breath from his lungs.
Dean feels himself flushing three shades darker, and tells himself it’s all righteous indignation. It’s definitely
somehow, seemed to physically break his heart out of all the things that had happened to him that day. (Cas had mojo'ed it back together mere instants after they'd gotten into the Impala, but still.)
“Advantage, huh?”
“Okayyyyyyy uh, Jack, how about we get some post-hunt pizza while your Dads uh... ‘unpack’, huh?” he offers, carefully ushering the wide-eyed Nephilim towards the door.
“I don’t-”
Dean knows he’s a dangerously eroded cliff right now, and he kind of wishes Cas would leave before the inevitable collapse.
“I… felt you. All around. I… it was… a lot.”
“You’re just a regular ole solar panel, huh?”
His giant hands still slick with vamp guts, Sam had insisted on doing his own thing straight after the last job, “to unwind”, he’d said. Usually, Dean would have been alright with that, because Sam’s thing typically involved dusty local libraries, bricky computers from the 90’s, and general nerdery that the elder Winchester only partook in during times of
By the time Charlie was done with him, she’d wrestled Dean out of two subsequent layers, until he’d been shucked down to his black undershirt. He was also wearing honest-to-god eyeliner (it enhanced his scowl, she claimed) and donning a “distressed” hairstyle which had consisted of her pretty much shake-and-baking his head until she was satisfied. Charlie had spared him the lipstick, but it had been a close call.
Dean doesn't know what to say to that. He sits stock still, letting it sink in. His whole life, his only purpose, his only
Sam eyes him. "Okay…"
Cas lets out a world-weary kind of sigh. "I didn't mean you, you…" he pauses, struggling to come up with an insult.
They’re quiet again for a while, and Dean is the one who breaks first. “I know it shouldn’t be… I mean, you
Which means it’s been seven hours. Which, knowing how Heaven likes its symbolism and symmetry, might very well mean that it’s already too late.
Content warnings in end notes.
"Yep," Dean says. He doesn't elaborate and younger Dean scowls at him.
"Uh," Dean stalls, not meeting his brother's eyes.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
Dean’s not stupid. He knows he’s got daddy issues or whatever. He knows, in an intellectual, adult sort of way that John’s treatment of him had sometimes crossed over into abuse. He knows that if he had a kid, he wouldn’t raise them like this.
Cas finally opens his eyes. His expression is soft. “Dean isn’t trying to punish me,” he says. “He forgives too easily, if anything. I only meant that I don’t resent him for any of it. What we have is… complicated, but it’s more than I ever believed Dean could give me. He forgives me, and I forgive him. The rest of it… It’s enough.”
Dean has always said he was never a child, and it’s true. Hunters aren’t. He couldn’t be a kid, not with everything on his shoulders. He’s not going to deny the adult shit that sixteen-year-old Dean was dealing with either. But looking at himself like that, seeing himself for the first time, really…
"Yeah?" Dean says around the cutlery.
Sam decides not to ask what Charlie was using the darkweb for. He suspects that there are plenty of things he does not - and does not want to - know about Charlie Bradbury, apocalypse version or otherwise.
The pressure in Dean's head tightens a little and he has to close his eyes for a moment. "We tried that, Sam. I tried. Didn't exactly work out."
Cas nods. "You don't need to do anything with it. I understand you don't know or trust me yet."
Dean would probably say it was creepy, for Cas to say he loves Dean as a four year-old just as much as a thirty-five year-old, but that's the problem with being a celestial being in love with a human. The way that Cas loves isn't like that. It's not that he doesn't like sex with Dean - he likes it very much - but that has so little to do with the way Cas feels about him. Sex is an act, a type of attraction. It's something they do together, something Cas wants with forty-one year-old Dean, but it isn't fundamental in the way that his desire to protect Dean is fundamental. Cas loves Dean like family as much as anything else. It isn't contradictory to Cas, doesn't mean anything incestuous. He just
Dean loses track of time like that. He’s not as young as he used to be and while his alcohol tolerance is off the charts, enough rounds of jello shots will do any one in. The next time he glances over to check on Sam and Eileen, he finds them a little ways away in the crowd. Sam seems to be getting hit on by a man in a leather halter and skinny jeans so ripped they might as well be shorts.
"I mean, for one thing, the feminization of pink was propagated almost entirely by Nazi Germany. Before the Nazis began using a pink triangle to mark homosexual detainees, there was no rigid gender assignment to color. It fluctuated over the years, and at one time pink was even considered the more masculine color because it was more "vibrant". It wasn't until after World War II that it became cemented as something that men shouldn't associate with. So really, the gendering of color is steeped in historic homophobia."
Dean had levered himself up and slid down Cas' body, Cas still unfinished and wanting.
"Can you just trust me on this? Let me find someone for you, and give it a little bit of time. Give it six months, and if it's doing nothing for you, I'll let it go."
Dean didn’t have any sort of soft toy like this after his burned up in the fire, and he can’t really remember those. He remembers Sam had a bear for a while when he was very small, that at some point got replaced with a dog. He remembers that Sam had worn out the ears first, and gradually the rest of the fur, until the thing was scraggly and a little gross. At some point when Sam was maybe four or five and Dean couldn’t get him to stop complaining about something - diner food or motel beds or something - their dad had reached back to where Sam was sitting in the back seat, plucked the dog from his hands, and tossed it out the window onto the side of the highway. Sammy had clammed right the fuck up, and it was worse, so much worse, to watch his little body racked with silent sobs. Dean had climbed into the backseat with him with the car still rocketing down the highway, and Sam had eventually cried himself to sleep with his head in Dean’s lap.
Dean knew Sam was applying, knew his wiz-kid of a brother would probably get in somewhere, but Dean didn't think Sam would actually go. Partly, because he'd never be able to afford it, even if Dean helped, but partly because Dean really thought this was more of a pride thing for Sam. Sam was just proving that he
Sam had never pictured being with a hunter. Not for anything long term. Surely, they'd never get on the same page for retiring, settling down. He'd figured it'd be too much damage, too much to have both of them be such a flight risk. He hadn't really considered what it would mean to be honest, to not have to hide things, to not have to explain everything. To look in Eileen's eyes and know that she understood as much as anyone could. It wasn't like she didn't have her own nightmares.
Dean confirms, as his hand reaches without permission and clamps down on the angel’s shoulder. He knows he’s caught now, but old habits die hard.
