Steve sighed. He wanted to talk to Tony about it. Fury had told him that he had talked to Tony about all the aims of the expedition. But Steve needed an ally, even if they were only temporary. And Tony was still holding him at arm’s length which meant he likely did not trust Steve enough to discuss any highly sensitive intelligence.
Inspired by Pensversusswords' stevetony roller derby au fic and hcs about it.
The next day Wilson summoned Rogers and Tony down to one of the cargo holds, the one where the expedition’s scientific equipment was stored. “Natasha and I were doing rounds and we found this --”
“This Miss Maximoff could live in the neighborhood.”
A contingent of the Wakandan army and the Dora Milaje were waiting for them, as Nakia promised. At first Steve had been concerned about who had jurisdiction. “They stole vibranium -- it’s a higher capital crime in Wakanda than theft of private property. These people will see justice.”
“They sent us a hell of a distance to get gift shop stock,” Bruce pointed out.
Redwing snored in her cozy box bed near the stove. She’d put on inches and weight during the two months since he found her. At least they were heading to a place where he’d be able to find food for her. Sam accused him already of spoiling her terribly, but that was because Steve had looked all over New Timely for dino toys and a durable scratching and nibbling post. It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t caught Sam sneaking her treats.
"Let me try something," Tony says even as he watches the ammunition being loaded. "This is Iron Man. I am here on behalf of SHIELD to ask a few questions about your unregistered operations in the area."
A look of amusement passed over Rhodey’s face. But whatever he was thinking, he decided against sharing. Tony waited a couple of seconds before changing the subject.
“Do you trust us now?” Sam asked Miss Maximoff.
The call with Reed Richards is short and Tony stares in morbid fascination as the man stretches across the room to reach a console. They are to head over as soon as possible so Richards can scan Tony and his suit.
by Laireshi.
"I wanted to focus on that, but after the debacle with Obie, I left Pepper to deal with the company. They're into communications and medical technology now." Tony is still ashamed of the way he left Pepper and Rhodey to deal with the fallout but he couldn't look at all that his family had built and not want to blow it all up. "I left the company in good hands. I'm just a mechanic now."
“What do you have?” Steve nearly jumped out of his skin at the voice.
“Do that. Pietro, protect your sister. Clint --”
“It’s not something I like to think about, no. I know Wanda uses magic. But it makes my skin crawl -- remembering the Void.”
“Fury and I have been investigating AIM for the past year. Not for smuggling though -- we were looking into bank fraud.”
“He’s got more than an hour to blather on about it at the Dinner. I hope they serve coffee or else Rogers is going to send us all to sleep early.”
“We need to go home,” Steve said to Sam.
Tony was checking his shipping manifest. “Not that I know of -- everyone was directed to select the equipment they had immediate needs for. Like Dr. Foster’s traveling telescope.” He flipped through a few pages. He leaned over to see the label on the crate. “It’s Dr. Banner’s -- his geology equipment.”
Inspired by these lines specifically:
Glancing between them, Tony can tell this is true. Stark gives him a wink he knows all too well, having given it many times himself while Steve just looks on with a small smile. The thought of sleeping with the two of them isn’t entirely unappealing, it’s just unexpected. And fast. He’s a stranger in a strange land and yet, he knows that given enough time, he’d come to feel right at home here. One night won’t hurt, right? It’s not like he and his Sheriff are together and this Steve is just different enough…
“And when they’re not velociraptors equipped with guns. You have no idea how much I’m looking forward to seeing those illustrations.”
And more art!
“Fury wants you to introduce --”
“Why not?” Tony decides.
“So I’ve been looking at the list of specimens, particularly the plants,” Bruce started.
"You didn't even drink!" Clint points out.
“I know -- it sounds insane.”
bonus sketch of tony walking into his dorm and seeing steve going :D and his reaction is ?!!!wtf?!!
They were now alone in the saloon. “I had hoped to keep news of my pet quiet -- I hadn’t told the rest of the expedition that Redwing was here.”
More arts!
“You keep saying that -- it isn’t going to change the past.”
For square
They were winning, with Steve leading the way. Until Skull got his hands on a fleet of zeppelins powered by an unknown power source and planned to rain bombs down on Marvel until the country surrendered. Steve lost his best friend Bucky Barnes during a mission to gather in the intel on the zeppelin fleet. His team managed to destroy most of the zeppelins in a daring raid. After he defeated Red Skull in a hand-to-hand fight on the last zeppelin that had been launched into the air, Steve destroyed the ship only to be ensnared in an exploding magic device and thrown into a magic void for over thirty years.
Peter treaded water, the Spider Sense blaring alarm bells in his head. Somehow they’d gone from quiet vacation in the middle of nowhere to two feet from a notorious super villain. What? WHAT?
"I meant with the smashing stuff," the blond added, coming over to climb up onto Hulk's back. "Let's see if that shield is Hulk-proof!"
"C-come here, I'll...I can help with that." Frankly, he looked like he was afraid to move enough to stand and walk around.
There was a piercing scream from the television. The baby had nearly caught the love interest's arm, but some other little monster had struck across the street, and now the crowd was in a panic.
“You’d think with all of this tech, I’d be able to get some good reception out here,” Tony mumbled, as if to prove his point. It was tough to be too irritated with him, knowing the level of tech he was used to and comparing it to their tent and campfire setup here.
“Whoa, you sound like that commercial!”
“Do you know Peter?”
"I'd better play it safe," Bruce said, smiling at him. The guy never exactly dressed up, but he looked somehow a lot more casual in pajama pants. Maybe it was the fact that they were Clint's borrowed PJ pants that was throwing him off. They were a little too big for a skinny guy like Bruce, but luckily they had a drawstring waist.
Tony gasped, groaned out as a burst of pleasure shot through him and his body went hot all over, felt himself arching into the wet hot grip of Steve’s mouth.  It took him a moment—his eyes wanted to clench closed—but eventually he managed to force his eyes open again, panting, and looked down at Steve.  His lips were so swollen now, so red and wet, puffy where they pulled taut around Tony’s length, sticky and slick with precome, his face flushed so red, hair tousled wildly.  His flush was still showing on his belly and chest, over his ribs, his belly heaving, rippling with muscle every time he tugged on his cock, which was leaking a steady stream of wet neediness all over his enviable abs, matting down his soft blond curls around his cock, soaking into the coverlet and streaking down his wrist.  His legs were parted, knee raised and hips canted forward to give Tony a good view.  His cockhead looked so huge and flushed and red and wet, the tip red and needy and flushed dark even as Steve played with his foreskin, pushed it up and down over his length.  Tony could have jerked off just looking at him like that—but he didn’t have to, because Steve’s hot, wet mouth was around half his cock, and damn, just thinking about that still had him dizzy.
Hot, Steve decided.  He felt . . . hot.  His head felt hot; his skin prickled.  It seemed to take him a long time to come to that conclusion.  He could feel his nipples throbbing, his cock, the raw, marked skin over his shoulders, over his rear end.  “Hot,” he managed to slur out.
And Steve stroked his hair until Tony fell asleep.  If that didn’t prove he was the best, Tony thought, his last conscious thought before sleep took him, nothing would.
Tony could probably have come just at the way Steve’s mouth pulled gracelessly, instinctively at him, through his orgasm, his wet gasps and the way his mouth hung open, wet with saliva unspooling from his tongue and slipping out of his lips all down Tony’s cock, the convulsive, instinctive, swallows that sent shockwaves of pleasure through Tony’s whole body, the vibrations Steve’s grunts and sobbing whimpers sent through his cock—but he held himself off with determination because he wanted to watch; he wanted to see Steve come, he wanted to see him through it, watch him the whole way through.
“Very sharp,” he said. “Love the white shirt and suspenders look on you, big boy.”
He squeezed Steve’s rear again, massaging firmly, almost roughly, the pain-pleasure of it kicking Steve up again into someplace even warmer, even
Tony moaned.  “Yeah,” he said, hitching, breathily.  “I, um.  I. Yeah, honey, yeah, I.”  He wasn’t thinking straight, that was obvious; he was a hot flushing mess under Steve’s hand at the back of his neck, rolling his hips helplessly into Steve’s hand.
When Tony finally did come, it seemed to go on forever, Steve working it out of him with gentle rocks of his hips and strokes to his cock, as Tony was tossing his head, not even sure what sounds he was making as bright warm pleasure swept through him, carried him away, took him up with it, like he was flying, going straight up, he was going to break atmosphere, he swore he was, panting, chest heaving, the pleasure so intense, ebbing and flowing inside of him until he finally came back down and felt it still gently flowing through him, like a wave, and trembled as Steve coaxed a little more come out of his tired cock, feeling himself arch and gasp and shiver, not even sure what his body was feeling, except pleasure, soft and bright and everywhere, before he finally slumped back against Steve, feeling boneless, his legs weak and slack, his body wrung out, and Steve finally went still inside him, gave his cock one last squeeze, one last gentle stroke, and let go of it.
“Yeah,” Tony said, with a little chuckle, sounding fond.  “You’re gonna smell good enough to eat, Captain Cupcake.  Oh cupcake, my cupcake.”
Tony was back with a nurse a few minutes later, and he was as good as his word.  Steve was dropping off, when he suddenly felt a jolt of fear, of alarm, and forced his eyes open again.  “Tony?” he said, panicky despite himself.
“Mmm,” Steve agreed. He forced himself to start moving again, twisting out of Natasha’s arm so that he could go back to jogging.
.  He brought his shield up and ran for the other man, hoping he could stop him, do something—and then the wave of heat and force of an explosion hit him like a wave in the ocean, sucking him under the water with it.  Steve thought,
He kept at it until Steve was whining, trembling with sensitivity under him, panting, “Tony, Tony,” in soft rough deep gasps, and he let him slip out of his mouth, dragging over the lower lip, painting it red with a squeeze of both lips, then let it flop down between them.  Steve was staring down at him, eyes glazed, lips bitten and puffy and shiny with spit, looking hot and swollen, cheeks deeply flushed, hands still tangled up in Tony’s hair.  His flush went down, over his heaving chest, down all the way, over his thighs, and he moaned as his cock slid out of Tony’s lips, as if the sight was just too much.
"I'm sorry about that," Bruce was saying, sounding tired. "Now you just need to rest."
But…Spider-Man, a cheater? That was really hard to believe.
"They'll just assume I'm shut in my room," Bruce sighed, dropping his side of the vest and standing. He took a few steps away from the bench and stuck his hands in his pockets, his back to Clint. "They might look for you..."
"Where I wanted to be, at the Hulk's side." Loki turned to look at Doom again. "I think you're going about this the wrong way, my good doctor. Bringing my idiot brother to you makes him expect trouble. He'll be more guarded. More alert."
Steve watched him go, glaring right back.
The green eyed man regarded him coldly from where he had his nose tucked under the blankets.
"I think that was his entire plan," the soldier said, bothered. "I j-just can't believe...Tony hasn't found us yet. Or even noticed t-that we’re missing?" He managed through a lot of coughing. Every time he tried to talk, it became more difficult. It felt like his windpipe was tightening up or something. "Doom must—" Cap suddenly glanced up at the spot Clint had pointed out as a camera, then cleared his throat. "Doom must be smarter than we thought."
“Peter, why’d you follow us? This was a secret mission from day one. And…” He glanced down at the red and blue costume. “Did you bring any spare clothes?”
Thor put a hand on Clint's shoulder as a show of support.
“You were busy drinking with Clint, so yes he came to me. Why does it matter? I’m more concerned that Peter’s in what he makes out to be a very serious relationship.”
Thor's smile was a very knowing one, and Tony instantly got the impression frisbee wasn't all they were playing at, here. The demigod stood up from the couch and came over to sit his drink on the counter.
The sand was surprisingly soft between Peter’s toes as he wriggled them. The water was warm too, swirling up in bubbling waves around his ankles. It was hypnotizing to watch it for too long. So hypnotizing, that he didn’t notice the wave’s much larger cousin as it knocked him clean off of his feet.
"He's a good kid," Tony said, "But he's also a very SMART one. Doesn't it seem kind of weird that he's all excited to spend time with both Wade and Matt, but the teams are two people so he can't do the kayak race with both?" He stopped short, a very strange idea occurring to him. "Oh... Oh, no."
"If I get hot dogs with you, then will ya leave me alone?" Peter sighed. He WAS kind of hungry...and now distracted by wondering where Iron Man was off to in such a hurry. He hadn't done a barrel roll to show off or anything—seemed weird.
The teen groaned and draped an arm over his face, reaching over with the other to turn the alarm off. It was time to get up already? He swore he'd just crawled in the window five minutes ago...
Steve loved him. He loved him! Things didn’t just work out like this, did they?
"No, come in here. It's warm." Clint fell back down into the bed, mumbling from under the covers, "I won't bite."
"Yeah!" Clint agreed. "Let's go save Steve and...me." He rubbed his head. "The Hulk left town for awhile so I don't have to babysit him, right?"
Wolverine just grunted, shaking his head sadly at Deadpool.
"Uh, Jarvis?" One of the Clints said.
Bruce had been locked up a few times at this point—and chased by various governments, and military units, and scientists, and aliens, and mutants. It didn't actually faze him anymore, beyond people poking him enough to bring the Hulk out and harm somebody.
"I'm beginning to think the same thing." Steve tried pressing different parts of the door—seeming baffled.
“Stop it,” Matt sighed, batting away Wade’s fingers. “Steve seems like the type who’d worry about people being struck by lightning—”
Bruce sighed, snatching up the medical bag and starting after them. He was sick of this room, too, but he was also sick of Clint tearing up his stitch work.
The bloodstained bandage on the second Clint caught his eye. The archer hadn't moved, even when Cap dove out the door. He waved a hand at Thor.
"Hey, somebody...f-fetch my spare Arc reactor from my room," Tony said, only half-kidding. The current one was just about fried.
"Why don't we ask Thor? I'm not even sure where the Hulk went the second time," Peter admitted, swinging right over the Avenger mansion's high security fence.
Paddling on each side, Steve slowed his pace.
Eh, Clint thought, smiling. Bruce didn’t have any jiggle and he was awesome. Too bad Clint was going to fall into the sky or he might have gone on a hunt to find his buddy.
"I plan to deliver him to my ally," Doom said matter of factly. "If he were to be snatched from beneath her nose just after, I will still have fulfilled my end of the bargain."
As consciousness returned to him suddenly, Clint's eyes fluttered open. Where was he now? He looked around the room, blue eyes hazy.
"She's talking about Thor," Peter supplied, hopping to his feet and giving the woman a smile. "Yeah, he left pretty early. I wasn't even awake yet."
"So...gardening?" The archer asked slowly.
"You might want to put some sunscreen on," Bruce laughed, starting after him. Wait, laughed. Laughed? Why did he seem so relaxed all of a sudden? Clint commenting on people thinking they were gay should probably have had the opposite effect.
The X-man, however, was making a beeline for the subway. Probably on the way to terrify Aunt May by ripping their garage door off.
They arrived to find the door standing open. The table with its bloodstains and dangling straps was sitting just as they'd left it. The synthesizer for the cure...was blinking a red light.
"Cap, Matt and Wade have to leave," Peter explained quietly. He hesitated, turning to Matt. "I mean, they don't HAVE to, but Matt thinks they should. I-I know you're trying to help him, Matt, it's just--I-I was really hoping..." Trailing off, he shook his head. "Never mind. You don't care anyway." Turning, he started to trudge back toward the cabin.
The purple Avenger stared at them.
“Well well. Peter Parker, I believe?”
This time, it was Loki's turn to take a quick step back. He shook his head, putting another few feet between them.
Peter sat down immediately, clinging to his latte with both hands. He had no idea what to do with this situation. The best case scenario he’d imagined was distracting Loki long enough for Matt and Wade to get out of the camp and then web-slinging off into the trees as fast as possible. He prayed the Avengers didn’t see him over here having coffee and chilling with the super villain they were so worried about.
"You were making my heart pound," Bruce said evenly, taking the pants from him and focusing on them. He just held them for the moment, looking at them sadly. "I-I would've liked to..."
"At least Matt's leaving today so we won't have to worry about him for the rest of the week."
“You’re paying for the sandwiches.”
“Is everything alright up here?” Steve asked, taking his time to come over to where they were standing.
"Heeey!" Peter said brightly, sitting up and waving. "You've got a big green problem down there, I was just about to call you." He pointed down at the Hulk—as if that was necessary.
Peter pointed ahead at the cabin boldly.
"I don't think this kayak's tough enough to handle that," Tony finished, sighing.
Wade’s voice easily carried to where Peter and Matt were perched in the trees and Peter heard Matt growl as the merc continued his charade.
"That's me!" The masked man said happily. He sounded like he was grinning. Flipping up over the fence and onto her side, he waved a hand. "You seen my boy Spidey around lately?"
"He'll be f-fine," Cap told, crawling to his feet. "A distraction is just w-what we need. We have to buy time for Tony to find us." He looked at her with determination. "We can't let h-his sacrifice b-be in vain."
"Thanks for putting in a good word for Wade," he told Cap. "Matt wasn't even planning to let him stay for breakfast."
"His...dads?" Pepper's brows rose. As far as she was aware, Peter Parker's only living family was his aunt.
The muscular blond let go of Tony's hand, backing away to the far end of the cell and sitting against the wall again.
“Hit?” Clint asked his friend, offering a card out to Bruce.
He paused, frowning worriedly.
Tony crossed his arms, narrowing those striking topaz eyes at him.
“Aww, c’mon. Just let me have a couple days without any bad luck. Is that too much to ask?”
The gas felt calming, though. Like it was warm tea and clouds.
"...Huh? Yes?" He glanced over at Clint like he'd just remembered the archer was even there.
“Hey, I’m here, too,” Tony grumbled from off to Steve’s right. “Is anybody else seeing the gigantic cabin tent camp across the lake, or is it just me?”
He headed back toward the medical room door, probably with the medical supplies there in mind. If the Hulk was there when Loki was, though, that hardly gave him any chance to escape...
“Let go of me,” Matt told him sternly. Steve complied.
“Huh?” Hawkeye asked, puzzled. “He could kill me anytime we go into a fight. He’s a big guy.”
Clint sat the water down, sighing.
A few deep breaths later, he had managed to focus on Clint's eyes, but his own were still very green.
“I can find it, thanks,” Matt replied dully, kissing Peter’s other cheek before turning to the campsite. With a sigh, he leaned down and started picking up cups and plates from around the fire.
“I like people who are smarter than me,” Clint added, dropping the sunscreen at the bottom of the stairs to the cabins. No one else was staying up there, so nobody better steal it. Wiping his hands on his trunks, he shrugged. “So you think Tony’s straight. I dunno, I’ve seen the way he looks at Cap in the morning. Doin’ his push ups.” Clint winked at Bruce. “I don’t think he’s as straight as you think.”
"That was WAY too easy." Tony had already said it back when they were leaving Castle Doom, but he repeated it since Steve hadn't replied back then. The blond was sitting on the back of his suit, holding around his neck while Tony tried to fly slowly enough not to plaster Steve's hair back. He WOULD have carried the blond princess-style as they flew, but Steve didn't like the idea of the hand repulsors being pointed at him.
Yeeeaah. Peter chose now to shrug out of the hug and step back, pretending to shade his eyes and look up at the spot where Iron Man had zipped by in the sky. His mask worked like sunglasses, but it was like a physical figure of speech.
The elevator dinged. Finally.
"You know, I hate to complain,” he began in his very best Clint Barton impression, “but can someone pull this arrow out of my side?" He gritted his teeth and pointed to it. "Seriously—OW."
The interior of the cabin he had opened first was all white and blue like the outside, giving it a decidedly beach-y feel.
"...Do they toast the sandwiches?"
Steve nodded to himself, staring down at the card.
He went to take a sip of his coffee, then froze, eyes widening. Sitting the cup back down, he turned to Steve grimly.
Lola considered the idea very carefully for a moment, her eyes narrowing a bit.
"Yeah. I heard he got out," Loki mumbled. Undoubtedly through some devious activities. Glancing up at Bruce shyly, he smiled. "Did my clone do it?"
“Uh, he was moving kayaks last time I saw him,” Peter offered, looking at Matt curiously. Something was up with him. “How about you check the kayak area and Matt and I will go see if he’s in the house?” Even he didn’t believe that they would actually find Thor indoors if the Prince of Thunder was directing the weather to storm like this, but it gave him a moment alone with Matt to talk.
"Probably." Clint said, shrugging again.
Tony now looked unsure what to think, and only squinted at him a little. Peter couldn't blame him, there. His mind was racing, trying to figure out some alternate meaning for 'consider yourself single' and coming up with zilch. Maybe...since he'd been talking to Peter's ex, Wade could be confirming that she was very much over him? Great, even more lies to pile on top of what was already here. Peter kind of wished he could tell Cap and Tony the truth, that he wanted to date Wade, but Wade himself didn't even know that yet.
Loki glanced that way, then turned his attention back to Peter.
The billionaire smiled back at him, opening his mouth to reply.
There was a tiny splashing sound from the lake shore. The warm torchlights from Loki’s camp flickered off of ripples made by the rock Thor had just skipped out toward it.
"Look. I'm going to go lie down. I'll be in my room if you need me..." Slowly, practically holding himself up with his free hand, he started for the door.
"No, it—" Clint groaned, blushing and rubbing the back of his neck. "It kinda had nothing to do with him." He dared a glance up at Bruce. "Just you."
She did glance at Matt as he approached though, frowning the smallest bit.
"Hey, I can be tactful," Tony protested, but not very strongly. He was glancing at the hand on his shoulder. Sitting his coffee mug on the counter, he reached up to grab and move Steve's hand, continuing, "Leave it to me, I know what I'm doing."
Bruce looked at him rather sadly.
"Oh, sure, who wouldn't be delighted to be written off without even thinking about it? I'm thrilled," he said sarcastically, shaking his head. "Do you even get that I didn't want to fake that because it's too close to home? That maybe, possibly, the real thing had occurred to me, and putting on the pretend boyfriend show would just underscore the fact that YOU have no actual interest in me like that? You don't, do you? You sure have gone out of your way to SAY you don't."
“This concerns Banner, not the Hulk,” Thor assured him.
"Can you take me upstairs, first?"
The blond’s attention was immediately moved to Bruce. Maybe he’d distract the scientist so Clint could get away?
"I'll come check on you, too, Cap," Tony added, crossing his arms and leaning back against the wall. He wasn't smiling so much now, though.
“Teleport or die!” The Enchantress shouted.
"Okay, but you owe me," Loki said, hissing under his breath. Deadpool followed them happily, much to Loki's disgust. Now he had two people around. But he was beginning to think that being injured could be useful. Despite all of his protesting, he still had a useful amount of control over Dr. Banner. It would be easy to get the Hulk to come out when he finally wanted him to.
"I bet he'll scare the sharks away. He'd be bad for them if they bit him anyway."
The guy dropped the suitcases with a start, though, staring wide-eyed into the trunk.
Tony was relieved to see the resort far ahead of them on the road. Most of the drive had basically been one long lecture from Cap and Clint about how this vacation was a terrible idea and how civilization as they knew it would collapse if the Avengers weren't available for a whole week. That level of insistence had the opposite effect on Tony--he was more determined than ever to make this vacation AMAZING and make everybody else admit it had been a good idea.
"Top secret," he said at last, guiltily. "Not that I don't trust you, Cap. I-I'm just a little, um. Nervous. Yeah, nervous." He gasped as his marshmallow burst into flames, pulling it over to blow on it hastily.
“Did you say Peter?” The man asked, suddenly turning around.
“Baby? Spider-Man already has a shitty image in Manhattan! Between you and that ninja nunchuck guy he’s gonna get demoted to super villain!”
Pepper glanced at the red and black clad man warily.
There was a sudden flicker, and the lights in the room all went out. The red glow of the taxi's big mileage counter mounted on the dash was the only light as the greenish glow extended out into the room...and a tall hooded figure approached the car.
"Well, we can scan you to make sure you're not a Skrull," Tony said, "And until we get the other Hawkeye back from whoever abducted him and compare you side by side, you're going in the lock up."
Clint glanced up as well, cell phone still in hand.
"Captain! You do not seem recovered," Thor said worriedly, placing a hand on Steve's shoulder. The other held Mjolnir still.
Clint rolled to face Bruce, grimacing as he remembered the broken ribs.
Loki found himself talking, but he didn’t know what he was saying. For a moment, he felt distant from himself, like he was magically projecting himself somewhere far away. As it began to fade, he found his hands being secured against the bed by Hawkeye.
He massaged his temple with the hand Wade wasn’t clinging to, sighing. Matt and Wade were extremely different people, but they usually got along well enough. For a whole bunch of past damage reasons, though, Wade had some major abandonment issues, and generally when he seemed jealous of Matt he was really just worried Peter might dump him.
"Huh. Makes sense, I guess."
Oh great. Deadpool was here, Cap thought to himself. They had enough trouble today. Where was Spider-Man when they needed him?
Thor offered his hand.
Wow. That was good stuff. The chocolate and the salt, with the nuts and the fruity bits. Chewy goodness.
Steve jerked him off a little longer, working him through it just the way Tony had done for him, feeling Tony’s head loll against his shoulder as he gasped out his pleasure. When Steve looked at him, his eyes were closed, his face twisted up as he shivered, panting, his stomach heaving, as he twisted his body as if he wanted to press himself in against Steve, curl up against him.
“Not bad, he says,” Tony scoffed, smiling at him, trying to keep it soft and light, show him how very attractive he did find Steve, in every way.  “You’re stunning, Steve.  Dazzling.  Magnificent.  My own prime cut of grade-A American beefcake, right here.”
He heard Tony flick the faceplate down, and sure enough, when he spoke again, his voice was staticky with the armor’s vocal filter.  “There’s a good boy,” he said, and something inside of Steve went liquid and warm.  He bit the inside of his cheek and called himself an idiot even through the cold haze he was feeling.  He realized he was standing on Tony’s foot with one of his own, the better one, the way Tony used to fly him, but clumsier than ever.  Tony was basically holding him up with that arm under his rump, but still.
“Sir,” Steve said helplessly, then had to swallow, hard.  Oh, God, the way his cock was throbbing now, now that he was aware of it.  “Sir, I—oh, Tony.  Sir.”
“Yes,” Tony said, and it came out raw and honest.  He rubbed himself with both hands through his panties, settling them along the weight of it, against his shaft, squeezed and rubbed, rocking up into it, reveling in the feeling of the smooth steel around his cock, the tight constraint, the way he could feel his own hands, the silk, but almost distantly, referred, just the feeling as his cock wanted to get hard, started to struggle, aching sweetly. He kind of loved the feeling of the smooth heavy metal, against his sensitive skin.  “It feels really good,” he said.  “I’ve been, I’ve been thinking about this all day, hon. Just having it on me, I—I.”  He swallowed, hefted it in his hands, lifting it against both his palms, presenting the heft of it, the jut against the silk, in his silken panties.
Steve held out his hand. “Hi,” he said, and swallowed. “I’m—”
Steve whimpered, still coming, somehow, helplessly, messily, into Tony’s hand, and then, then, finally, he felt as Tony’s hand squeezed and his rhythm stuttered, the way he gasped and groaned out Steve’s name, and he knew Tony was coming, coming inside him, and that knowledge sent a wave of warmth, of warm, all-encompassing pleasure over him, that and the pressure of Tony’s hand on his cock coaxing another throbbing spurt of come out of him, just the thought of it so good Steve was dizzy, heaving, hot with pleasure, even more so as Tony went limp and heavy over him, panting, his hips still working, thrusting his cock inside Steve, and Steve started to feel the messy drip of Tony’s hot come along his cock, down out of his hole.  That made his cock throb in Tony’s hand again, because, God, it was everything he’d wanted.  He could barely think, especially as Tony stilled, then went flat and heavy against his back.  Steve sighed and let himself sink down, let his legs and arms slide out from under him, not caring at all about the messy smears of come wet all over his chest and pelvis and the bed itself.  Tony was stroking him idly with both hands, up over his arms, his back, his shoulders, down his sides.  His backside throbbed, prickling with sweat against raw welts, the pressure of Tony’s pelvis, his thighs.  It felt wonderful.  Steve blinked back overwhelmed wetness out of his eyes and took a long, deep breath.
But before Tony could even catch his breath, Steve was already moving, thick hot cock dragging along sensitive inner walls before it pulled out of him.  Tony was self-consciously extremely aware of the drip, drip of come out his loosened hole, trickling down his balls, but then Steve’s mouth was there, warm and hot over his thigh, a hot tongue chasing it back up, laving wet over his balls, then dragging over Tony’s sensitive, stinging, open hole.  He licked around it, once, twice, then closed his mouth and sucked his own come right out of Tony’s sensitive, loosened hole.  Tony gasped, felt himself prickle all over, hot and very, very aware of his softly throbbing insides, the hot tingling ache of his well-used hole as Steve sucked on it, licked into him, gently, assiduously, sucking and licking his own come right out of him.  “Steve,” he gasped.
Steve stumbled over to his table, pulled out his chair, and slumped into it, even though it sent a jolt of pain up from his still tender rear.  He sank his head into his hands.
Steve was breathing unevenly, loudly, through his mouth, panting.  He moaned, shivering, gripping uncertainly at the bedcovers as Tony rubbed at him a little more, then patted his cock and drew his hand away, rubbing his fingers and thumb over his exposed hip, the warm, velvety skin of it radiating heat.
And then it was pressing against his sweet spot, and Brock
“I look fucked-out,” he muttered.
He welcomed it when Brock grabbed his shirt by the collar and pulled him into a bruising, biting kiss, pushing his hands back into Steve’s hair and fisting them there, making him shiver at the way the touch felt against his scalp, against the strands, the way his mouth felt on his, hot and wet, biting at his bottom lip, tongue against his own.  His hands were busy at Steve’s belt as he kissed him, and Steve could feel it as it came open, as he unbuttoned and unzipped his fly and his pants went loose at his hips and crotch.
This one was his absolute favorite to use on Tony out of all the ones they owned—one of the few things he’d ever bought for Tony in the first place, he’d bought it for him for their third anniversary together.  He’d read somewhere that the third wedding anniversary was leather, and, well, they weren’t married, but it still seemed to fit.  It was the first time Steve had even remembered their anniversary before the day itself, and he’d wanted to make up for the last two times.  But Tony had just about everything he wanted already, Steve figured, so what could he give Tony except himself?  But they’d just started playing with Tony on the bottom for impact play, just like this, and after the first time they’d done it that way, Steve would never forget it, Tony’s face, spacey, glowing, his soft, open, crooked smile, the way he licked his bottom lip and bit at it and smiled up at Steve and said, all breathlessly rushing words, that he’d never, ever enjoyed it before like he had enjoyed that, that how had Steve even done that, how had he made it feel so good, and Steve, overcome, had just slid a hand around the back of Tony’s neck and kissed him, deep and soft and long, as feeling as he could.  So Steve had thought,
“So good,” Tony hastened to assure him, lifting his head just slightly.  “So, so good, Steve.  It was everything I wanted.”  It felt so good to have Steve using him when he was like this, felt locked up and contained and ready to be used for Steve’s pleasure, to have Steve come inside him, down his throat, in his ass.  It felt so good to have that pleasure of Steve fucking him, slow and soft.
Stark smiled a little, a little smirk that was hard to read.  “Steve Rogers,” he said.  “I know.” He pulled out his other earbud, draped them over his shoulder, and held out one gloved hand.  “Tony Stark.  But you already knew that, too.”
, held steady like that, Steve’s mouth hot and wet, Tony felt so
“Can’t wait to see what we do tomorrow,” Tony murmured.  Maybe Steve would want Tony to fuck him in the cage.  Maybe he would come into Tony’s office in the mansion while he was working and take him over his desk; he’d done that before while Tony was in chastity.  He couldn’t wait, either way.  He loved the floaty, relaxed, easiness he got when his cock was locked up, not chasing an orgasm, not fighting with his body and himself to come, not worrying about coming too soon or too late, the way it took the pressure off, the way it made him feel loose and easy and good about focusing on Steve, about letting Steve focus on him.  It was going to be a good rest of the week.
Tony took a breath, made himself take his hand away from his mouth—he’d been drooling on it, Jesus—and slide it into Steve’s hair, combing it back for his face, tugging on it.  He always loved it when his partner pulled his hair when he went down on them.  Another thing losing his hair had made harder, because having it come out in their hands wasn’t exactly a turn-on.  These days, at least, he was healthy enough that it wasn’t coming out quite so easily.  But he loved it, and from Steve’s earlier reactions he thought he might love it, too, so he tugged gently at Steve’s hair, carded his hand through it, stroked through the short spiky strands, caressed the shape of his skull, and Steve shivered all over.  Tony watched his toes curling even through his own hazy, dizzy pleasure, and found himself smiling.  That was good.  “Are you going to bring me off, big guy?” he whispered, almost a moan, as he kept lifting his hips into Steve’s mouth.  “Are you going to get me off?  Gonna get me to come in your mouth?”
.  He found himself pushing his feet into the bed, lifting his hips, and Steve gave a pleased sounding noise and bobbed his head over him again.  He moved his hand away, rested it warm and impossibly broad over Tony’s thigh, started stroking the inside of it with his thumb, and something about the—the tenderness in that had Tony’s chest tight, had his eyes stinging, stupidly, all out of nowhere, his breath coming unevenly.  He closed his eyes, took a few ragged breaths.
“Oh, Steve, darling,” Tony whispered.  His face, the back of his neck felt hot.  His skin felt tight all over his body.  “My God.  This is—this is good.  You’re doing—doing really well.  Doing beautifully, sweetheart.”
He’d never done that before.  Never gone with a fella, though he’d imagined it plenty of times.  Never gone with a lady, either.  Or with anyone, really.  It had been—well, easier than he’d always pictured.  Sure, he’d gotten nervous on the way over, but he’d decided he’d already committed, had felt himself clench his fists and raise his jaw like he would have on the way to a fight—but then they’d gotten there, back to Brock’s place, and Brock had been—in charge, just like that.  Steve didn’t know any other way to think of it.  He’d shoved his knee in between both of Steve’s, between his thighs, and pushed him back up against the wall of his apartment and bit down on his ear, his scruffy stubble rubbing harshly along Steve’s neck and jaw as he mouthed and bit at the sensitive hinge of it, beneath his ear, and Steve just—he’d just—something in him had gone loose, liquid, melting.  He’d felt his spine go to mush, soft and pliable, his legs go weak.  He felt—so weak, so limpid, transparent, like Brock could see right through him, so helpless, so
“I bet you have,” Steve said, leaned in to press his lips against Tony’s ear.  “I bet most of your lovers liked it,” he said.  “They just didn’t say it out loud.”  He bit lightly at the lobe of Tony’s ear and reveled in the way Tony gave a little jump and then shuddered all over and pressed forward, down into Steve’s warmth and strength.  “But,” he said.  “You know me.  Captain Cannot Tell A Lie, right?  You’ve said it a million times.”  Tony laughed, ducked his head.  “I’m just too honest to keep my mouth shut,” Steve added, grinning.  “It’s gorgeous, and you should know.”  He squeezed again at the taut, muscular roundness of Tony’s rear end, appreciating the give of just enough flesh under his hands.  “People should tell you every day.  If I could write a word of poetry I’d write odes to it.  You should be sculpted in marble.  Nude.  In the Met.  No, the Louvre.  Hell, both.”
Steve almost always woke up quickly, instantly alert and ready, even when it was nothing more than an average morning, but this time, he came awake slowly, his thoughts feeling slow and thick.  There was a warm, pleasant feeling of caressing pressure against his scalp, through his hair, the weight of a hand he recognized, that went along with the scent surrounding him, pleasant and familiar, the crisp scent of a familiar cologne with an undercurrent of motor oil, metal, and grease.  He opened his eyes and smiled up at Tony.
When Steve coated his fingers in lube and returned one lube slick finger to Tony’s hole, rubbing it gently around the muscle, making Tony tremble at the cool slickness of the lubricant, it felt vivid and intense, made him moan.  “Shh, that’s it,” Steve murmured, sucking on his own bottom lip again. “God, you’re so smooth and velvety, your
“That sounds so good,” Steve murmured, sliding his hands back down over Tony’s sides, “but maybe later, all right?  I want to work you open first, use your tight little hole.”  His fingers petted down over the small of Tony’s back, slid down to rub there, massaging lightly, in slow circles, over Tony’s rim, not pushing in, just rubbing back and forth, and Tony moaned, felt his mouth open, wet, felt his eyes flutter, and then Steve’s other hand was coming up, curving against Tony’s jaw, stroking gently, pushing gently at Tony’s lower lip with his thumb, then pushing inside.  Tony closed his mouth, sucking softly on it, and Steve sighed, his lashes fluttering now. “I might have your mouth after,” he murmured, and Tony moaned, sucking, nodded his head, encouraging, “but right now I want to watch you, all right?”
Steve, incredibly, somehow, held still, just kissing Tony’s neck, rubbing his stomach, not moving the slightest bit, even though Tony could feel the strain of it in the hot skin under his hand, the trembling muscles of his thighs and stomach, the tightness of the body behind him.  Tony squeezed his hip a moment later, anchoring himself, rubbed at Steve’s skin. “Go ‘head,” he managed to gasp out, finally.  “Oh, yeah.”
“Yeah,” Steve breathed, both tired enough not to bother with trying to sound stronger and caught up in the feeling of Tony’s hand in his. “You should.”
Steve shrugged.  “Thought about it a lot,” he said hoarsely, blunt and honest as ever.  “Even before we started this.  How you’d—you’d put your hands on my head, let me use my mouth on you, come all over my tongue, down my throat so I could taste it.”  Tony heard himself groan, whimpered, thrust up against Steve’s mouth despite himself until Steve grabbed his cock, thumb sliding up along the side and gently rubbing up along the tip, and Tony fell back into the bed with a low huff of breath, let himself melt back against the pillows.  Steve smiled a little, still stroking Tony’s hot, wet cock with his thumb, making him tremble at the low level of pleasure that sent shivering through him, somehow just as affecting as the more intense, white-hot pleasure of Steve’s mouth on him, but in an entirely different way, leaving him boneless, head sinking into the pillows and his legs sprawled wide.  “So you’ll just have to deal with it, Stark,” Steve added.
"Good. 'Cause I'm cutting through this mess and going in. I'm leaving you the rest of those things."
“Are you up for it?”
“Walk it is.”
"Keep your sex life out of the comms! I can't believe I am now the voice of reason!" Clint despairs. "Someone kill me!"
“Found what?”
It was always like this when Rogers appeared in public. Tony had seen it enough times to be thoroughly disgusted by the show. Finally, the applause died down, the lights dimmed and the curtain rose.
"Got a client nearby," The man, Matt, replies. He cocks his head, like an animal listening closely to something. "Since when did you get yourself another Stark, Cap? He sounds like this one. Except without the--" he gestures to the reactor. "That is Stark, right?"
He pulled out a map and unrolled it on the table. “This is the most up-to-date map we have been able to secure of the Savage Land.” T’Challa pointed to the harbor. “Here is the only deep water bay that anyone knows of that ships can use.”
Steve bobs with the movement of the train and casually glances at the illuminated diagram of the stops over the heads of the other passengers. Tony leans into his side. He’s actually holding onto his arm because there’s no pole that he can reach - Tony’s only 3 inches shorter than Steve, but it’s enough to make reaching for the handhold difficult. Either that or Tony wanted to hold onto his arm, Steve thinks. And then he retraces his mental steps, notices something else, and freezes.
Steve said, “We need to go back now. We can figure a plan out in the morning.”
Fill for square 'genderswap', O5, for round one of stony bingo 2016 :3
So he was grateful to the New Explorers’ Club and glad to be asked to lead expeditions to far off places away from New Timely. He didn’t mind the odd requests from Fury or Hill about checking into a shady trade deal here or finding a person there. He’d also found out by accident that his new friend Natasha did the actual spying on the expeditions.
“You make it sound easy,” Dr. Foster said. “I hope to get my observations in.”
“Oh.” Tony was annoyed with himself. He should have guessed that Rogers was up to something like that.
my card for this round (w/out fills marked in) :
For stony bingo r2, fill for square T2, ‘art format: lineless’
Steve wished he understood Tony more. He’d picked up that Tony didn’t like him much at the beginning and now they were just bridging the gap between. Just as Steve was thinking of what it would be like to kiss Tony. He had no confidence that he’d be able to see Tony like this back in New Timely. Tony was a busy, busy man.
Adding arts that I for some reason didn't post here??? This one is from a while ago.
“We lost a shipment in the Savage Land, well, not that we lost it -- someone stole our airship! We need to get it back.” Pym thumped the table.
Steve bent over, started stretching out, reaching for his feet.  That same hush hadn’t dissipated yet, though groups of other skaters had formed, whispering to each other, even those much older and more famous than him or Tony—Stark, he reminded himself.  He didn’t even know him, really.  Stark was visibly isolated, the others giving him a wide berth, but he didn’t seem to notice as he bent down and placed his hands flat on the floor, stretching out.  He looked—good, Steve thought.  Fit, lean and trim.  Even stronger than he’d looked at Nationals and Worlds.  He’d looked a little pale there, a little out of condition, and he’d still wiped the floor with Steve.  Maybe he should be grateful this wasn’t a competition, Steve thought with a bit of a grin to himself.  He wasn’t ready to stand up to that kind of a challenge at the moment.  If Stark was going to keep showing up this season, well, he was going to need to train harder than ever.
“Mmm,” Steve groaned around Tony’s cock, then pulled off, just a bit.  He was panting, his mouth a swollen, puffy mess, his face smeared with saliva, damp with sweat, and he wiped at it with his shoulder, along his bicep, then looked up at Tony again.  He was playing his tongue over his bottom lip, and Tony didn’t think he was trying to be seductive, but God, the sight of it, slick and shiny over that swollen mouth, made Tony dizzy with want.  “I am enjoying it,” Steve mumbled, and his voice was thick, hoarse and raspy.  “I love it when you’re feelin’ good, Tony.  I—I love making you feel good.”  His face was bright red again, but Tony had no doubt of his absolute sincerity, and somehow those gruff words had his throat going thick, his chest squeezing, more than any of the extravagant praise he’d sometimes been lavished with in bed, because it was just Steve, Steve saying he wanted to make him, Tony, feel good, and nothing more.  Calling him
By the time Tony and Steve got to the beach, Clint and Pietro were being grilled by Natasha, Nakia and Hope. Sam followed behind with his map of the Savage Land.
A contingent of Dora Milaje met them at the Embassy, and escorted them through a back door, out into a market and up the backstairs of a restaurant. T’Challa was seated at the table. “Please,” he said, indicating where Tony and Rogers should sit.
Tony Stark didn’t always get what he wanted.
It was only through luck, quick thinking, and the frankly outstanding skill of Doctor Banner that Steve survived. Then Tony donned his experimental armor and kicked ass along with the rest of the town to avenge their Sheriff and rid it of corruption.
Steve closed his sketchbook. “Two months after I returned to New Timely and began working with the club. Dr. Strange had recommended that I contact Fury for work -- that the Club could always use someone with my skills. Fury had expedition work for me and assigned Nat and Clint. Clint left out his notes, I found them, and that’s how I found out about the Spy Network.”
“Maybe we can. I can’t say for sure unless I know what the crime is.”
“The problem?”
Steve is fascinated with Iron Man and wonders why Tony loves Cap.
"Goddamn it. Avengers Assemble!"
The expedition members on the airship gathered for drinks before dinner in the airship saloon. The well-appointed saloon with its wood paneling, woven rugs, thick curtains and leather chairs could have easily passed for any of the saloons in Tony’s clubs. Except for the brilliant sunset shining off the passing clouds in the saloon windows.
Tony lands in the underground area through the elevator shaft. Scientists are busy trying to salvage items and escape so he grabs one by the lab coat, and lifts him off the ground. "What's the power supply being used for?"
~~~~~
Rogers asked, “Are the crates marked as Wakandan?”
I think I improved quite a bit, though I do need to upload a nice scan and crop of this page with just those two on it, I think. :p
Rogers simply nodded again and Tony took the opportunity to escape.
Tony can already see people coming and going. A truck rumbles out the gate. A couple of people are mounting the haulers, exoskeletons for lifting and hauling, loading boxes onto the other truck. A couple of vans pass by the outgoing truck, kicking up dust on the desert road. The facility is a few miles off the beaten track. With the area known to be without public transport, the employees probably live on site or are transported in by private vehicles.
Rogers stood up. “Fury.”
"Copy that. Everyone's got the place secured. SHIELD's sending cleanup. I'm going down there to help," Steve replies.
(steve is a dorito, thus, triangle. tony is round just to be a different shape heh)
“Short trip by airship, long trip by cargo ship, then six weeks in the jungle or more, it will fly by,” Tony said.
Tony pointedly looked at his playbill. Avoidance meant not having to hear awkward stammering about what a genius his father was.
Fury sent Tony out alone on a recon mission. Tony's been on radio silence for three hours now. Steve can't breathe. The worry is killing him. He's been staring outside the ship waiting for Tony to return.
The rest of the night goes by in a blur of storytelling and laughter. It reminds Tony of home and his team. He'd sometimes turn to his left to tell Steve something and realize that this is not his Steve. He bites back a sigh, it's not even a day and he already misses his Sheriff.
fill for square Y5, ‘snowed in’!
Natasha pats his arm. "Oh, that's just a regular Tuesday."
“Yes? Hope it’s quick. Dinner’s waiting.”
“Focused on the mission.”
(not that I think I can manage both fills for au:supernatural and something for 'rube goldberg machine' between now and sunday anyway, but...)
But then his attention was diverted by sharp whispers between Pym and his daughter Hope who had joined their table. As far as Tony could tell, Pym was agitated about something Hope had said over dinner. Pym talked in hushed tones during Rogers’ talk.
“Why would Fury know?”
He caught up to Tony just before they reached the other camp. Tony had rigged a backpack with home-made grenades and canisters created from the few supplies they had brought. Steve was deeply impressed, but knew that now was not the time.
The rest of the expedition quieted immediately, sensing a fight brewing. Tony looked over at Rogers who had sat up wary and ready to jump.
And here's my card for this round:
“Right.”
“Don’t forget about the animal smuggling. Why is Fury freelancing on all of this?” Tony asked.
"Let go of the man, beloved." Stark calls out. "His portal's waiting."
He glanced down at the dinosaur sitting on her haunches and regarding him with curiosity. “Make sure that you don’t,” Tony said sharply.
Stark had a weapons background. He didn’t make them any more, but that didn’t mean that he lost all knowledge.
“No, Tony, not a dino -- you can’t --”
on tumblr, if you want!
Jarvis from Tony's HUD and Jarvis from the Avenger feed them coordinates from where the ship is docked at a SHIELD outpost. Reed's portal is reliable since his team uses it frequently.
“And where our next destination is,” Rogers said.
Steve nodded slowly. Tony seemed to move from anger to intense curiosity, even though the air was still tense. “If it helps, I was not happy that Fury grafted a spy mission onto the expedition.”
She squawked in return.
“How did that happen?”
a consentacles fill for square Y2, based on the image prompt of tony's arm sticking out of a mass of tentacles and steve having just entered the room:
“I don’t know. Hopefully this was just a mistake and we have no more problems.”
“Now, for the food. Come in, come in.” T’Challa waved in the long line of servers. “I am eager to show you the best we can offer.”
He’s about to tell Steve it's nothing when a hauler reaches for something on the ground, then accurately throws it his way in a pitch that would've made any professional baseball player proud. It would have hit him too, if not for his quick reflexes. The woman yells, forcing Tony to focus his cameras on her, and takes in the enhancement, like scopes on her eyes.
“It’s not that,” Rogers said. “It’s not easy to keep a lid on things on a ship, Sam’s working to tamp down on any rumors about broken crates and theft. If we’re seen talking, it might attract eavesdroppers.”
the wing colors aren’t really based on any particular birds ^^’
a fill for square T3, ‘amnesia’ on my
"Their union was most glorious." Thor is laughing now but allows Stark to shove him toward the sofa. "We were very grateful for the soundproofing."
The next day, Rogers summoned Van Dyne and Lang to his cabin. Tony had been invited along since he was Rogers’ de facto second in command these days. He had thought about it after dinner and he was convinced that Lang had nothing to do with the thefts. But Van Dyne wasn’t up to anything good.
The scouting party would leave in the afternoon, with the plan of arriving at the other camp as dusk fell. The party was larger than Steve would have liked. But Tony refused to be left behind at home base. So it was Steve, Sam, Natasha, Nakia, Clint and Tony in the group heading out.
art is also
"Oh my god! You guys are so bad at this!" Bucky yells from behind the wall of the ship's cargo bay. "Steve's crazy about you, Stark. God only knows why!"
When the man doesn’t reply, Tony shakes him.
Premise is awhile after this 616-based-au universe’s cw, where their steve died, their tony was supposed to be fighting Thanos or something w/ the gauntlet, but accidentally brings a steve back from the dead using the infinity gems!
BINGO #2
(thinking 616 or AA but could be any verse. also, spy the polaroid of little tony holding a paper shield!)
He consoled himself with a dinner out with Rhodey and a variety show. Pepper had talked non stop about the Modern Marvels show that she and Happy had attended. She had suggested that Tony see it before the show closed.
“Right. Of course,” Tony replied. He noticed the slim red-headed woman accompanying Rogers. She was dressed for the theatre in a dark dress with simple trimmings and hat with veil and held an intricately beaded purse. Rogers was holding a cape that belonged to her in one hand, apparently interrupted in the process of leaving their outerwear at the coat check.
“Hope,” Steve said, turning to her. “Investigating on your own undermined this expedition and Sam and Clint wasted time looking for the saboteur.”
“That or the animal handling?”
"What pot?" Tony asks Natasha.
Thor's summoning his hammer and Stark's yelling, "Not in the living room, Thor! Outside!"
Scott admitted to getting tips from Rogers for his photographs. For some reason, Scott had been designated the camp photographer. Then again, Scott was also the designated odd job person as he had no particular reason to be on the expedition except that Hope wanted him there. He wasn’t half bad with the photographs.
It didn’t take long for Tony to rig up a raft system based on rope and pulleys to move supplies to land from the ship. “Saves a lot of rowing effort,” Tony explained. He’d been complaining about sore arms from all the work.
And some bonus arts!
But Steve had lived. And was living. Sometimes Steve had the feeling that the world preferred him to be missing than alive. It was convenient and tidy and his life story had been wrapped up neatly with a big bow, monuments and solemn remembrances. Being alive kind of undermined the pleasant narrative.
“Thank you,” Rogers replied, declining to comment further on pet dinosaurs.
…excuse the fact that they’re drawn in completely different ways, this is what happens when i don’t plan ahead and finish one before drawing the other ^^’
"I'll see you in a few. Don't blow up our house." He turns to Tony and winks, making Tony's heart flutter. His Steve never flirts with him. "Don't let him bully you, Tones."
He ignores the way his heart speeds up at Steve's words. Don't get your hopes up. It's not like that.
fill for square S2! :D
Tony is excited to go. He's not been to a lot of places on Earth since he moved to Timely. He's shunned New York after he left his old life behind. He misses the place but unless the team has missions there, it isn't somewhere he wants to visit. These days, he was off planet ten months out of the year, with the occasional visits to SHIELD branches or outposts.
The last one is probably the least accurate to the outfit described in the story... :b
They were of course seated up front, though the printed name tags made the seating arrangements official. Carol and Rhodey headed towards the bar and Tony stole a glance at the other cards on the table. His shoulders slumped when he read Rogers’ name on the card at the seat next to his. A quick shuffle of the cards and the captain was safely seated across the table from him and separated by a barrier of the Pyms.
As soon as Wilson left, Tony turned to Rogers. “What are you thinking?”
"Well, there's certainly less people from other planets," he says ruefully. "The smells are different too. Less saturated with spices and fuel."
He blinked twice at the odd sight. The dinosaur slipped and twisted the leash around Rogers’ legs, sending the captain off balance and on his ass. Tony rushed over against his better judgment to help Rogers to his feet.
Due to the sudden nature of the expedition, the team had been allotted a small room, already filled with spare equipment from other expeditions. Tony could smell the dust when Rogers unlocked the door.
She stopped in front of a large gloomy warehouse with a few hard-looking people lingering in front of the solid wooden doors. “Wanda,” one of them said.
There was the single floor of cabins on this airship and Rogers’ cabin was located near the bow. Tony knocked on the door a few times, before he decided to find Rogers another time.
He couldn’t figure out what the hell made Steve Rogers tick?
He sighs. Hopeless. That's what he is.
They would have to leave soon after Clint and Pietro returned. The specimens were almost all gathered and ready to be packed up for the return. But everyone had an edge of disappointment, since they had still not discovered anything about the smuggling. As for himself, Steve had the most to lose when they left -- he’d finally found his place leading the expedition, and was perhaps on the verge of making a real difference like he’d always wanted to do.
“We are looking for the coffee -- we’ve run out,” Hope offered immediately.
"Where is he, Jarvis?"
“Behaving. She hasn’t shredded a single pillow today.” Steve grinned. “And getting far too much attention from people.”
“Great. They won’t be totally unprotected.”
“The technology pirates,” Hope added grimly. “I should have known that they were behind this.”
"I'm fine." Or Tony will be after food, water, and bath. Not necessarily in that order.
He grabbed an oil-cloth poncho before stepping out on the deck to clear his head and stuff down his suspicions. He turned the corner on the deck and there was Rogers with his dinosaur on a leash.
“I’d prefer walking.”
(2012 avengers time-set doodle, in the au where they all live in the tower together.)
“I wanted to go over shipping manifestos for my equipment. I can write up my concerns and relay them to you later.”
(direct link: https://i.imgur.com/HVkIhwR.png)
“Hurry up, Barton will be by soon on his morning patrol,” Hope hissed at Wanda. “Next crate, open the next crate.”
Steve dispatched them to Tony. “Tell Tony what you told me.”
The expedition would end, they always did, and Steve didn’t want this to end, his quiet reflective evenings with Tony talking about books or the weather or what Tony did that day.
some weird early 616 based identity prn thing where steve still doesnt know tony is ironman, except somehow both steve and tony wind up with amnesia so they dont know who they are (and they’ve been magicked to the middle of nowhere together)
“How long to shore?”
Tony scrolls through the findings and readouts on the console attached to the portal. "They managed to send a few items through the portal. At one point they tried to get a reading by tying a camera and sending it through. The camera shorted out. Then the power source died. Seems like they were planning to send someone through at some point. We probably saved some poor bastard from being jettisoned into the unknown. I'm shutting this down until we can get it somewhere safe."
“Wait.” Steve says suddenly. Tony looks up at him, curious.
As Natasha and Nakie continued their observations, Tony tapped his shoulder, “Okay there?”
That is a helicopter behind steve if you can’t tell… ^^’
“Hmm. Where do people get their dinos?”
Rogers took a sheaf of paper out of his inner coat pocket. “Pays to be ready.”
~~~~~
“That can’t be good.”
Tony was making the rounds of the crowd, smiling and nodding, looking stunning in his pastel linen suit. Steve couldn’t tear his eyes away. Jan was overjoyed to be hosting the event where Steve and Tony debuted as the newest power couple in New Timely, Hope gleefully told him when Steve accepted the invite.
Why in the world would the two of them suddenly not be at odds? Was Thor under some kind of spell?
"They clearly need some help," Bruce added wryly.
Cap stepped over, placing a hand lightly on Bruce’s shoulder to lead him toward the camp.
Peter blinked and glanced quickly from him back to Lola. She wasn’t human? But not an Asgardian, either…
The one with the blanket spoke first.
"Has anybody seen Thor or Jan today?" Tony just about spat out his coffee at the seemingly innocent question, and started coughing into his hand. He must have inhaled a drop or two.
Tony gestured down to the rushing water.
Thor's expression softened at that, and he reached over and put a hand on Loki's shoulder.
"Which brings me back to TV. Pretty mindless stuff." The blond sighed, sending a waft of hot air across Bruce's neck. "Fishing is just...too mindless. If that's a thing."
Even if he couldn’t get a date this week, it’d be nice to hang out with Bruce and get to know the guy better. Clint turned his head, watching the water dripping from his friend.
Tony started to say something, then hissed in pain and clamped a hand over the Arc reactor. The lights flickered threateningly.
"Really," Tony said grimly, picking up his drink. He turned and started off down the beach after Peter.
Thor arrived with an enormous bowl of popcorn right then, reminding him how hungry he was.
"Ahh—y-you did that on purpose," Tony hissed, laughing despite himself. "Twist, you've gotta twist."
At first, taking over the world involved destroying the humans and their culture and turning them into a slave race. That had been done before, though. Now that the demi-god had spent a few weeks milling around on Midgard, he was changing his plans.
Peter caught his shoulder and the red-clad hero turned with an impatient huff, crossing his arms. "Why right now?" Peter asked sadly. "I'm not excusing what Wade did, a-and okay, if you think he needs to be back there to sort it out then I believe you, but can't you hold off a few days? Even a day, just one more day before you take him away?"
"Maybe we should just take him to the hospital?"
The merc came inside too, glancing around.
Bruce quickly got to his feet, placing a hand on the injured Clint's shoulder to steady him—and to keep track of him in the dark.
Steve’s face dropped as he placed a hand on the Hulk’s arm.
“Thank you, Thor,” Steve told him.
What the hell was he supposed to do now?
It was strange to see Matt in his jeans and tee, without his glasses or mask while he leaped from tree to tree.
“We need to decide what we’re doing about Loki.”
Peter stared, too, the Spider Sense blaring tingly alarm now like somebody had poured water on his head. It was a good thing Wade had a healing factor, but that still had to seriously hurt!
“Yeah, what a relief!” Peter said, hopping to his feet and sticking his untouched cup of coffee on the table by Tony. Grabbing Matt’s hand, he shot Cap and Tony a big smile and started for the edge of the clearing. “The old bear encounter thing, we should’ve known! I’ll bet Wade’s up there laying the tent to rest—c’mon, Matt, let’s go!” He made a big show of leading Matt toward the trail up to their campsite.
Peter just about hit them into the side of a building at that. Wade wasn't exactly being subtle about his invasion of personal space today, jeez.
Meanwhile, Tony noted, Thor was looking like he wanted to get Loki a blanket or something. However, he seemed like he didn't want to let go of his brother's hand to go and get one. Loki seemed unusually calm and quiet. Probably from all of the blood loss.
"...Cap went to find YOU, Pepper," Bruce added quietly, going back to his chemical-mixing. "He knew you were outside. You didn't see him on your way, did you?"
Giving him a tired look, Cap gestured to the kayak.
"Thinking I'm gonna die just made him HONEST with me, th-that's all. So ya see...h-he'd pick me over you any day."
"Did we... Did we fall asleep on the beach?"
"Tony?" Came a familiar voice through the wind, rain and thunder. It was actually kind of amazing that Carol could be heard at all.
The comment didn’t earn him a response from Cap, who busied himself by snagging a bunch of the colored flags and leaning heavily over the side of the boat to tuck them into the rock. It took him a moment to find a spot for each one, but the result was very visible.
"Wait for me!" Wade yelled, leaping off of the roof. Dropping past Peter’s window, he landed with a thunk on the ground below. His pocket TV buzzed with static. "Sightings....of...hulk...sandwiches."
In response, a hatch opened in the top of the cell and a black T-shirt fell down onto his face. The hatch promptly shut again.
"Shall I order the Chinese?" Thor stepped over next to the cell and placed a hand on the clear surface, looking at his friends inside. It wasn't right to have to keep friends captive; he hoped they sorted this out soon. One of the Clints had to be false, but they both acted so much like him...
Laying back on the medical table, Loki glanced around. Being laid out flat helped with the haziness and he felt like himself again in seconds.
“I...” Clint started, freezing up. Gritting his teeth, he squared his shoulders. “I think you're too scared to show us who you really are.”
"Not gay. Got it." Pointedly sitting his hands on his knees, Loki gave Bruce a nod. "Let's just get this over with already."
Bruce wished he could go back to half-asleep. Instead, thanks to Clint being RIGHT THERE, he was overly aware of how close he was to the blond, and too focused on keeping tabs on his pulse to let himself drift off. Maybe once the others were distracted by food he could sneak off to his room.
"What is this 'anchovies'?" Thor asked curiously, glancing at them.
Bruce was pretty sure if he retreated to his room, Clint would follow him. That would be awkward, so he actually did pour himself a glass of water...and stood there in the kitchen sipping at it, looking at the microwave like it was something profound. Then the coffee maker. Then the blender.
"Tony, it's a frisbee," Peter said, holding up the plastic disc. "It's not like it's an ATTACK."
Bruce leaned to look at the ground curiously, his eyes wide but still soft and brown. He knelt down and scooped the sand aside from the spot with his hands.
A big hand gripped one of his arms and pulled him upright, placing him onto his feet. Peter wiped wet brown hair out of his eyes and looked up to find himself face to face with Thor. The most casually-dressed Thor he'd ever seen--the guy was wearing blue board shorts with yellow lightning bolts up the sides and a white tank top.
"Hey, you guys look cozy!" A loud voice said from in front of them. A red masked hero sat up from against the wall and headed their way. "Wait a sec. Didn't I just see you?" He pointed at Loki. "Only...you were purple. Do you remember me? I’m Deadpool. I’m kinda a big deal."
"I shouldn't have stabbed him. I sort of thought it would work, but I didn't think he'd bleed out. Geez." The blond stopped abruptly with a slam as he hit into something.
He sniffled and wiped at his eyes awkwardly. Peter didn't have any family left except for his aunt May, himself, so he was probably a little too close to that part.
"You ought to have at least thanked that nice young man for helping you up, Peter," Aunt May was saying disapprovingly. Oh, boy, if only she knew.
Creepy.
“Like you said, it’s great for team building. The rest of the team’s over there making s’mores—shall we?”
“I already ruined one good jacket,” Bruce muttered under his breath, shaking his head. He cleared his throat, adding more loudly, “I’ll be fine. Let’s go.”
"Very seriously," Thor said grimly, crossing his arms again and nodding. “Both the Captain and Hawkeye had been sighted climbing into a taxi and they have not been since.”
"That'd be, oh, 6 hours give or take." Tony shrugged, leaning back against the wall. "I know, 'so much for infinite'. It takes a lot of power to be this high-tech."
Finally, he said, “Hulk doesn’t spend much time with Spider-Man, so no. Steve and Tony, though, are not fooling anybody. Thor, either.” He frowned, threading a needle with some medical-grade thread. “That’s about half of the team, isn’t it? Unless you’re straight, I guess.”
Having spent all night in the cell, both Clints were becoming restless. The one that was wearing PJs kept fidgeting with his blanket, looking around the cell like he might be plotting how to escape. The other man, the shirtless one, paced up and down, arms crossed over his chest. The latter stopped and looked at Thor.
"Not good—somebody knew to turn 'em off," Tony said, just before his mask covered his face. "Jarvis, assemble anybody else who's available—we're gonna go on ahead."
Thor skipped another rock absently, sending it even further than the first. Steve was pretty sure he saw the demigod’s shoulders slump with a sigh.
“You need to stay out here,” Cap told him sternly, stopping the vigilante with a hand. “I’ll get Deadpool.” Turning on his heel, Cap hurried back to the cabin. Hopefully HE didn’t start a fight.
“Good morning…brother!”
Watching the steam puffing out of the sides of the waffle maker, the blond frowned. His plans to give Clint a good talking to had changed to giving both him and BRUCE a talking to. Playing with Bruce’s heart rate was very dangerous. If the scientist and Clint were together, and Bruce hurt him, he’d never forgive himself.
Of course Bruce would figure it out sooner or later. Clint cringed, slipping his shirt off over his head. He shook it out a bit before handing it over.
"It’s not your fault—I kissed you!" Clint stopped, staring at Bruce and shuddering from the cold rain running down the back of his neck. "And you freaked out," he added sadly, glancing off into the woods.
Earlier, he’d claimed that Steve had written him off and at least in some part, it was true.
It had started to rain much harder now, sending many of the late night weekend bar goers running for their cars. The archer walked in silence, eying passersby as if they were going to jump on him.
"No, y-you wouldn't." He crossed his arms. "You not being the 'marrying k-kind' was one of the main reasons that w-we can’t be together—other than t-the fact t-that we're both men. I know you like women, Tony." His voice was getting worse. "I'm s-sorry I brought it up. It’s j-just something that I occasionally think about."
"This isn't happening, then," the blond said. Slowly, he looked back at his friend, frowning despite himself. "Can't you...learn to meditate?"
"Tsk, tsk," Peter told the Hulk. He was promptly roared at, and had to swing out of the way when the park bench was chucked at him. "I'll see if mine still works! Hopefully I brought it..." He swung onto the roof of the nearest tall building and rummaged in the storage pockets on his sleeves and boots. "...Well, crap."
“Yeah,” Clint said, trying not to dwell on it. Okay then. Bruce didn’t like him and that was the bottom line. Tossing those thoughts aside for After Coffee Clint, he continued on down the beach, focusing on the people around them.
“I, uh, I usually order in. How big are these supposed to be?” The man chuckled to himself and shook his head. “THAT is what she said. I know, right?”
Leaving an illusion to tend the cart, Loki hurried over, donning a disguise that looked like a cheery college girl.
She leaned on him and said faintly, "M-my boss is still inside—I won't leave without him!"
“Tony and I are together. I’m not sure how that’s seen on Asgard, but I hope it doesn’t make you uncomfortable. We are still the leaders of the Avengers and that isn’t going to change.”
“That didn’t go well,” Cap mumbled suddenly, stepping around Tony to check on the sauce. His eyes met Tony’s and he shook his head. “I don’t know what we were thinking, Tony. Clint and Bruce aren’t together.”
Glancing up and down the sidewalk, Loki frowned. There weren’t that many people around. Most seemed to have retreated to cooler places. The demi-god made sure that he was alone, than he summoned an ice cream cart across the street. Immediately, a trickle of people turned off the main road to surround the imaginary cart. They’d thank him later when the illusionary ice cream didn’t make them fat.
Peter instantly shot a web to the nearest building and swung to stick to the wall, shoving his mask back on. He looked back the way he had come, trying to see who had attacked Wolverine.
Remembering to mind his words, he stubbornly looked away into the sea. It was strangely similar to his thoughts at that moment, a violent storm of barely contained emotions.
For awhile he’d had a slim hope that Thor would come gliding out of the sky to save them, but even that seemed unlikely. Thor was probably off with his new lady friend. Rising to his feet, Steve offered a hand up to Tony.
Deadpool nodded again, offering a hand down to Peter—and actually not talking for a moment.
Loki groaned, pushing Hulk's hand away.
"More like I take care of him, when I see him," she sighed, catching on. The distress signal device was in her pocket.
Bruce's brows furrowed as he took in how Clint looked. Like he'd been run over by a truck and dunked in tequila, based on how Clint felt right now.
"It's...uh, different," Peter replied as neutrally as possible, swinging them down past a street sign and to the ground at last. Why did skyscrapers have to be so tall, anyway? "We're almost there, eheh."
"Doom wishes to harm no-one," the masked man informed him. In that dark, ominous voice and coming from that scowling metal mask while they were in his own personal dungeon, that was just a bit hard to believe.
“Hey. We couldn’t just leave this one be,” he pointed out. “I know I sound like Peter when I say it, but we really ARE responsible for Matt while he’s here.”
Thor blinked and removed his hand from the other blond's back, looking a little concerned. He glanced over at Tony—and Bruce, who hadn't said anything so neither of them had noticed him standing there a step behind the black-haired man.
"They didn't make me angry, they just startled me," Bruce replied from across the room, quite calmly. "You don't expect your teammates to start attacking each other, even if it's two of the same one."
Eying Loki over the couch arm, the archer just shrugged again.
Loud laughter echoed from around the tree suddenly, and that booming voice was impossible to forget:
So, he was supposed to act like he had a crush on Tony? No wait. Cap wasn’t jealous. So, he was supposed to act like he had a crush on Bruce? He actually did, so that would be easy. Not that he was some damn high school kid or something.
They hadn’t actually gone to their campsite. The moment they were away from Cap and Tony, Daredevil had hauled Peter in the direction that he said Wade had gone. So they hadn’t had time to change.
Bruce felt a heavy sort of calm fall over him. He hadn't counted on that—on being drugged to keep the Hulk away.
Oh, yeah. He was dressed casually today…
The blond shoved him out the door.
"I'm f-fine," Steve said quietly, finishing with the wiring. He started buttoning the billionaire's shirt back up, only to realize that in his haste he had sent several buttons flying. Flushing as he glanced around, he squinted off into the dark. "I'm...uh, sorry about y-your shirt."
Tony shrugged, pressed back against him, leaving another lipsticky kiss on Steve’s shoulder, feeling his warmth all along his back through delicate lace, against bare skin, his strength, and shivering with it.  Steve stroked his belly a little more, ran his fingertip against Tony’s navel, tugging at it gently until Tony was squirming under him, trying not to laugh, then reached up, still holding Tony at his hip, over the garter belt, under the skirt, and took Tony’s jaw gently in his hand, turned his jaw to press a soft kiss against his lips.  Tony found himself panting into it, twisting back to met it, letting his mouth give way soft beneath Steve’s, feeling their lips sticky, catching and sliding together with his lipstick.
“Head hurting?” Tony asked sympathetically.  “You’ve got that glazed over, eyes half-open look.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, feeling slow and stupid, barely catching up.  “I—I mean, thank you for all of this.  Tony, I—sweetheart—”
“Hey there, gorgeous,” Tony murmured, his eyes lighting up and his smile widening, tugging at one side of his mouth.  The sight of that uneven smile, as always, had the power to have Steve’s heart beating fast, tripping all over itself, as well as the lights of Christmas reflected in his eyes.  “How’d it go at work?”  He slid one hand up over the back of Steve’s arm, and Steve shuddered under his touch, leaned into him.  Tony smiled even wider, beaming and soft, and kept his hand moving upward, over the back of Steve’s neck, making him shiver again, and up into his hair.  Tony’s hand felt very warm, having been curled under the blanket for the last few minutes, and made warm little tingles spread out through Steve’s entire body.  “You’re still in one piece,” Tony said, rubbing his rough, callused fingertips in little circles against the back of Steve’s neck in a way that made it incredibly hard to focus on anything else, “that’s a good sign.”
“It was a pleasure,” Tony said.  He had very long eyelashes. God.  “Steve.”
“Good boy,” Tony breathed, so he could watch Steve squirm, duck his head, whimper and push his hips down into the bed, thrusting jerkily, almost awkward, like his skin was suddenly too tight for his body.  He stroked his hand back through Steve’s hair again, over the back of his skull.  “Good, good boy.  Yeah, you like that, huh?  You’re so good at it, sweet thing.  So good at sucking cock.  A natural.”
“Now, what did I just say, babe?” Tony asked, his smile widening.
Steve gave him a few more hard swats on each side, just enough to get Tony’s skin warmed up, glowing, painful and probably stinging; he could tell more by Tony’s reactions than anything else.  When it actually started to hurt, the muscles in his arms twisted tight when he gripped at the bed, and the tension would torque all the way down his back.  But when it was just a little sting, his toes would be curling, and he’d rub his knee against the bed, jiggle his rear just a little, almost like he had an itch, and his breathing would be deep and juddery, not shallow and fast like it got when Tony was starting to hurt too much, and it was scaring him a little.  That shallow, fast breathing always meant it was time for Steve to back off, take it slow, slow things down and slip a hand around Tony’s, squeeze his fingers and rub at his palm and the side of his hand with his thumb and kiss his neck, bite at his ear and rub at his back and try to distract him from the slow-down as he asked for his color.  Otherwise, sometimes Tony would feel guilty, blame himself that Steve felt he had had to slow down at all, but if he distracted him, Tony would at least usually be honest.
,” he said.
He really didn’t know what Brock wanted at all, really.  Steve sighed at the thought, felt his head dipping down.  Sometimes Brock was soft and sweet, would let Steve sit in front of him on the floor after, as they watched TV, and pet his hair, dragging his hand slowly and a little roughly through the soft strands.  He’d spoon up behind Steve in bed, curl his arms around him, keep him warm through the night.  Call him “sweetie.”
“Sure I am,” Steve muttered doubtfully.
The first time he hadn’t even taken Steve’s clothes off, just unbuckled his belt, pulled it off and tossed it aside, then fisted his hand in Steve’s shirt, at the back of his neck and dragged his jeans and underwear down around his knees.  Steve heard him undo his own belt and shove down his pants, and then he was rubbing the blazing heat of his cock, wet and messy and smelling of sex musk, along the bare flesh between the curve of Steve’s rear cheeks, and Steve shivered all the way down to his toes, down into his core, and his mind just went—blank, blank with desire, with want, with how he felt used, degraded, messy, nothing like Captain America should be at all.  He could feel his mouth wet, drooling into the bedspread, his mouth hanging open, even as he panted for breath.
Steve moaned, buried his face against Tony’s neck, dragged in a deep breath.  “Okay,” he mumbled.  “Okay, sweetheart.”  He kissed Tony’s neck, then put both hands at his waist, his hips, holding him tight as he pushed him back up, irresistibly, impossibly strong, back onto all fours. “Hold onto the mirror again, beautiful,” he murmured in Tony’s ear, and Tony gasped, shaking at the feeling of Steve’s hard cock shifting inside him, obediently reached out and gripped the sides of the mirror, trying to center himself.  Steve laid both big, warm hands on Tony’s hips, gripped him, and then started to fuck him, really fuck him, this time, deep and long, with quick, efficient strokes.  It wasn’t rough, but it was deep and thorough, and after just a few, it was all Tony could do to hang on, squeezing his eyes shut again, looking in the mirror too overwhelming as Steve thrust and thrust into him, shuddering sensation lighting up his overworked prostate, Tony swaying slightly, helpless, with each thrust. He was overwhelmed, exhausted, legs trembling, gasping on every thrust in, but he didn’t care, he loved it; this was perfect, Steve taking his pleasure from him, every overwhelming thrust designed for Steve, not Tony, making all of Tony’s overworked nerves fire and jangle all at once.
"Look, I don't know if Bruce being alone with, um, us, is a good idea. I mean hey—what if we're both brain-eating robot aliens?" He shrugged even though Thor couldn't see it. "Did you guys check out the Baxter Building? Are they just gone or...?"
Lunging in front of him, Wade caught the frisbee, giving Cap a bright eyed smile like it was supposed to impress him before he threw it back across to the other team.
Bruce looked at them, frowning in thought. He seemed like he was about to say something when Hawkeye's Avengers card did the job for him, blinking with Thor's image on the little screen.
“Clint, stay out of this. I’ve had enough out of you this weekend!” Cap snapped, jabbing an accusing finger in Clint’s direction.
Clearing his throat, Cap spoke loudly enough that Peter had to be able to hear him.
"Maybe he's after our impostor Hawkeye and nabbed the real one," Tony suggested.
Loki glanced over at Bruce and then back to Hawkeye. Dodging back, Loki snapped a hand out to hold the bow—but not before it fired. The arrow missed, sinking into the floor and spitting crackles of electricity out from it.
If it had been the Hulk's head sticking through the door, he would have seen Loki sprinting off down the hallway, stumbling and leaning against the wall like the finale from a Midgardian horror movie.
Bruce glanced at him sidelong, knowing he looked like he hadn’t slept in weeks.
"Huh..." Peter tilted his head thoughtfully. The door opened before he could reply, though. Amazingly, it was not some random servant, but Thor himself. The blond man was even more enormous and god-like up close, and towered over both of them.
“Watch out, there’s a rock.”
“We’ll be watching you,” Tony told Loki flatly, grabbing Steve’s arm and starting back the way they’d come. “One hint of trouble and you’re not getting away with it.”
“Tony,” Cap sighed, still keeping his voice quiet. “I want to apologize for earlier. I didn’t mean to…hurt your feelings.” Cap added the last very carefully, seemingly unsure of the wording. “You caught me off guard. Arguments and all, we—”
"Please, Wade, just tell Cap and Tony that we're not together," he whispered. "I'm begging you, here. The Avengers actually let me stay after crashing their vacation, don't mess this up for me!"
"Was it the Wolverine?" Thor asked, wide-eyed. He seemed completely immersed in this weird story. HOW? Peter KNEW he'd seen things much weirder than this--he came from another DIMENSION.
"I'm not 'dosed up' on morphine!"
"It's...not even light out," he said, not caring that that wasn't an actual measurement at the moment.
"You say SORRY—what's little purple man sorry for?" The Hulk demanded, leaning far too close to his face for comfort.
"More of a Captain America type for you, huh? Hulk's really quiet all of a sudden." Bruce's shoulders shook as he laughed quietly to himself.
Huh, he thought sleepily, leaning to look around Wade, who had somehow switched to talking about Doctor Doom. Was Peter on the phone? How long had he been on the phone?
The parking lot was small, only designed to hold a couple of cars and maybe a boat trailer.
Having the Hulk smash up their camp must have been alarming for Matt. He wasn’t used to dealing with gamma creatures and demigods on a daily basis. Steve frowned.
“I’d go pack my stuff, but I didn’t…actually bring any stuff,” Peter said sheepishly. “Want me to make us some sandwiches for the road, maybe?”
Bruce glanced sidelong at the blond, trying not to look as awkward as he felt. Clint was definitely not acting normal...and he was beginning to put the pieces together.
Arms wrapped around him from both men as Wade spoke up.
“Nonsense, we’d love to have you over,” Cap assured them, pulling Wade along lightly by his arm and finally smiling. “So, where do you operate? Queens?”
Suddenly concerned that was going to happen to him, Clint tried to just coat his friend’s back and NOT waste time examining the kissable freckles.
"Listen, this isn't some stupid love triangle, okay? And it's not about crime fighting teams, either! This's about me, regular old Peter Parker, high school student, and who people think I'm dating."
“Oh boy,” Daredevil sighed above them, hopping down to the ground. “Can I come in? Actually, can I GO in? You two seem like you…need to talk,” he added uncomfortably, glancing between them.
They were almost to the room by the time Tony finally ventured, "So...how'd you find out Doom plays piano, anyway? Doesn't seem like something he'd mention offhand."
“Are you alright, Peter?” He asked gently, looking over at the teenager with sad blue eyes. “If you need to talk, I’m here.”
"They have this one sandwich with ham, chicken, avocado and sauerkraut. It's awesome." Clint brushed a trickle of water off his cheek, still smiling.
Bruce nodded.
"Not that I know of...any chance your hands are free?" Steve wheezed, sitting up a bit in his shackles.
A moment later, Clint came out with his arms hugging a big blue cooler. He was talking over his shoulder at Bruce.
“Not now. Is dinner ready?” Clint asked shortly.
Clint watched him go, brushing more sand from his hair.
"You're not fooling anybody," Tony told him, patting his back sympathetically. "Bruce doesn't seem like romance is even on his radar. I'm not sure he even realizes you're hitting on him." He paused to glance out at the silhouettes of Cap and the skinny scientist walking along the edge of the shore near the waves, frowning.
Bruce sat on the rock with his feet hanging off the side into the water. He was facing away from the beach, but looked over at Clint almost immediately, gaze traveling over the big scrape on his cheek.
Hawkeye sighed again, his hand squeezing Bruce's.
"You don't have to do that," Clint grumbled, wriggling in his shackles. “Trust me, you don’t want to. He’s got a thing for blonds.” The last was added in a mock whisper. Steve didn’t see the point in antagonizing Doom more, so he turned his focus back to their captor.
“Wow, this’s getting steep,” Peter commented, stepping up the hiking trail. They had been walking for almost two hours by now, and the path just seemed to slope higher and higher. Wade seemed unfazed, and Clint was keeping up fine (although he was pretty grouchy in general still, even after the coffee.)
"I'm fine," Steve sighed, watching the screens again. “Sat a lot in d-dungeons. Standing is nice.” There was a pause as Cap coughed wetly into his elbow, shaking his head afterward. “Carol went t-to get Bruce. I'm sure they're on their way."
"Here is f-fine," he said, starting to unbutton his shirt. Despite how clean he liked his room, right now all he wanted to do was slide on some PJs and get some sleep.
“Sorry. Look, we don’t want Steve and Tony to think that they’re in any danger, or that we are. Maybe we should ask Thor to dial it back a bit?”
The storm flashed outside again, growling thunder shortly after. What if the tackle box was out there somewhere, and got washed away? Oh, no... What if somebody put it on the beach and the high tide ATE it?
Squirming in Tony's grasp, black-clad Clint shifted on his feet.
“What he lacks is power. Too bad we are not outside with your hammer.” Loki sighed, reaching out to press his fingertips onto Tony's hand that covered his reactor. His hand began to glow—an eerie green quickly traveling through Loki’s hand to Tony’s.
“Peter, wait,” both Cap and Matt said together, stepping after him at once.
“Yes!” Came the immediately response from Clint. They exchanged a glance and Clint frowned, his face flushing a bit. “…Why? Did he say something?”
"Depends on if passing out on my face counts," Dr. Banner sighed, leaning forward to rest his head on his arms. He looked pretty exhausted, and sounded a bit dull as a result.
Deadpool ran to help her up.
Wolverine turned his eyes to Peter.
“Yeah, sounds good,” he said, staring out at the sea. Blowing out a breath, he slowly turned around to face Bruce. “Okay, here goes!”
“No, no! We should make it WAY worse. Bring in the lightning! Pssh pssh! Zzzt zzzt!” Wade said, jabbing at Matt as he made sound effects. Surprisingly, he caught the redhead off guard and made Matt flinch.
Man. He was kind of an asshole.
Matt actually laughed, taking a moment to reply.
Glancing at Thor, Loki quirked an eyebrow. The doofy blond was too noble to ignore a past lover if they were being kidnapped, so no, it wouldn't mess up Doom's plans. It would be nothing but harmless fun.
“This is ridiculous, Tony,” Captain America sighed, laying his shield on the big round table in the situation room. Sliding his mask back, he took a moment to try and straighten his hair. Even as a super human, the heat was pretty miserable. It wasn’t like he had a secret identity to protect, as everyone knew he was Steve Rogers, so he could have taken his sweaty mask OFF at some point. The blond man just hadn’t thought about it until then. His appearance was only a concern when the public was looking at him. As it was, the only person looking at him was Tony Stark.
“What?” Loki spat, grabbing the book. “No, they’re destined for each other!”
Dragged easily, Wade stared at Tony and Cap.
Taping his arm generously, Clint tossed the tape back into the kid’s backpack, but kept the trail mix.
"Look. I'm calm," Loki said, staring up at his double. "I don't need to be strapped down."
"When Tony g-gets home, please t-tell him to come see me." Cap said, carefully hopping down off of the medical table. Or at least, he tried to. He landed on his feet, toppled back against the bed and barely managed to catch himself. Wobbling out the door, he waved back to Bruce.
The teen actually flinched before realizing it was his phone ringing in his pocket. Pulling it out, he realized in bemusement that he had about 25 missed calls and 15 text messages from both Matt and Tony.
"Oh good. I'll finally get to meet him," Carol said sarcastically. "Doesn't he have better things to do?"
"Nah, you really taped me up." He smiled. "The bad news is that you'll probably have to go Hulk on this door." Jerking a thumb at the door, he stepped aside.
"Cap and Hawkeye are still with the bad guys," Tony explained, shrugging. "For some reason we've got two Hawkeyes on our hands—the one that got kidnapped, and this one." He pointed at Clint, arching an eyebrow suspiciously.
At least with the suit he would move around, right?
Tony winced sympathetically and held up his hands.
Bruce had seemed like he was actually having a good time splashing around.
"Tony's still out there to help Thor," Bruce reminded them. He sounded uncomfortable, though. Maybe it was just the subject matter.
“Look,” he said quietly, gesturing after Wade. “I’m sure you have a good reason—a really damn good reason—but you’re right that they won’t get it.”
“I like fishing, but what I actually had in mind was swimming. The water should be nice and warm today.”
"Man, that sounds lame!" Johnny glanced and noticed the mansion ahead of them. "Hey, are you on your way to a mission?" He suddenly sounded excited, speeding up to fly ahead of Spider-Man. "Can I come? Please?"
Still making a face, Cap continued up to the cabin.
"They still think I'm a clone, so they're letting the evil me run around instead. What is Deadpool doing here? Or better question—how'd he get IN here?"
Man was the right word. Matt obviously wasn’t a teenager like Peter was. Try as he might, Steve was having trouble believing that Peter could actually be involved with the handsome lawyer. It seemed so…so…bizarre.
"What?!" The red and blue clad hero exclaimed to himself, swinging a U-turn and heading back over to stick to the wall and listen to the report. As usual, Jameson's angry mustached face was taking up most of the screen.
Matt and Wade not getting along was really bothering him, and he’d laid awake a long time last night thinking about it. It was pretty optimistic to think a guy like him could manage to maintain even one relationship, never mind two. Two that couldn’t cross paths without bitterness and Peter feeling guilty any time he paid attention to one over the other REALLY sounded tough. He really cared for both of these guys, though—what was he supposed to do?
The blond stared down at his bare chest, then to his bare feet, raising a curious eyebrow.
Growing more serious, Steve stared over at him. After a moment of thought, he simply took a sip from his root beer and stared back out to sea as glumly as ever.
“If you have a better one, please tell me,” Tony sighed. “I don’t want to be right on this, but I have a bad feeling I am. It explains why Peter would even give this guy the time of day when he’s got such a bad reputation. He’d got a soft spot for him.” How Peter had managed to form any affection for a vigilante who was known for insanity and spraying places with bullets was another matter entirely. And that wasn’t even taking the age gap into consideration!
Returning the wave, Clint turned and sped up the stairs. Why were people trying to talk to him before coffee? Who did that?
“Rogers, you’ve come to join us!”
"Yeah...ah, but could you hand me a blanket or something?" Bruce looked far too tired to be embarrassed at the moment, but his pants were in tatters thanks to the Hulk.
Bruce blinked and held out his hand.
Sitting Bruce down, Clint looked at him and smiled.
"Ahh." Loki swirled back around, smiling. "Amora. Of course." He took Doom's hand and shook it. "She is a fool, but very well."
"I think we have the wrong mansion."
There was crackling static on the other side. Was Thor's card damaged? Maybe his electricity tampered with it, in the middle of such a storm?
Half buried in luggage, Steve started back to the cabin, adding to Tony, “Shouldn’t we send him home? I feel like there’s going to be a lot of alcohol this weekend.”
As quiet as he had tried to be, he noticed movement--the redheaded guy rolled over in his blanket and frowned as the penny thumped off Peter’s chest.
He’d faced off with cross-dimensional aliens, crazy robots, Nazi-wannabes and super villains, all while cracking a joke and a smile.
BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!
"He's just dressed up nice like he's trying to catch somebody's attention, and Jane Foster's not here, so I thought m-maybe they broke up or something? Maybe Thor just looks good in anything," Peter mused seriously. 'God-like' was a pretty good description of the guy's build. And not everybody could pull off that long flowing hairstyle, either. Sigh.
"Oh, suck it up! You're making me look bad!" Hawkeye grumbled from nearby.
Clint leaned in toward him, whispering loud enough for everyone to hear.
"How about this, Cap?" Peter held up the twig with the little seaweed flag he'd just stuck it through, waving it. Tony gave a thumbs up from his seat.
Bruce, who has arrived with Clint, gave them a really dubious look.
Watching Tony leave, Cap frowned.
“Hey, this isn’t a YOU problem,” Clint told Bruce, tossing a hand at him. Internally, he was screaming at himself.
"One of them stabbed the other. With an arrow," Bruce said flatly. "An arrow that actually pierced skin after a needle wouldn't, by the way. I guess we did say we'd run some tests..."
“Psst!” Clint hissed through his teeth, flicking a penny, which was all he could find, up at Peter. The kid had apparently managed to sleep in the main room with his buddies by letting them have the couch and sleeping upside-down on the roof, which left Tony and Cap to their own room. Clint had to wonder how that had played out, but at that moment, he didn’t care. At least he didn’t have to avoid waking up either of the parental Avengers while getting Spidey.
"He actually looks like he's having a good time. We should leave him be for awhile," he suggested. "And I should go find some clothes, anyway. I'm probably already sunburned from walking around like this." He sighed wearily. "Uh, by the way, I hope you don't mind if I exaggerated to Cap with the 'over-the-top flirting' talk. Some things we did yesterday would probably count as flirting. Maybe. I don't know, I haven't dated in a really long time."
Peter flushed, clearing his throat.
Tony watched him move the waffle while carefully staying super close. He smiled wryly.
Bruce smiled wryly.
"You'll have to move or I won't be able to reach them," he informed the room blandly.
Steve was distracted. He found his eyes wandering around the medical room—in particular, to Clint's bloodstained side and the straps around his wrists. He couldn't shake off the thought that if he didn't know Bruce, this looked sort of like a scene from an old horror movie. A handsome man strapped to a table, a looming villain poised with glowing eyes. He snapped back to what Bruce was saying, nodding quickly.
“Is that blood?”
“Okay…? I borrowed one of Hawkeye’s shirts last night,” he said, feeling silly since he was wearing the bright purple shirt with a bullseye in the middle right now while talking to them.
“Yep, right after you are.”
Glancing at Bruce, Clint wished he could be with him—it just wouldn’t work out. For all the reasons that Cap had and, more importantly, Bruce seemed pretty damn disinterested.
"Whoa, your face is all red. Allergies?" He mused. "How do you feel?"
“What? No, of course not,” he said, raising an eyebrow. “It just startled me, and I’m pretty sure Hulk gave it quite a scare after my heart rate spiked. Like I said, the wildlife around here has never bothered me before.”
"W-well...good!" Tony grumbled, still wincing. "Because Tony Stark's...not the marrying type..." He was leaving? Really? Not only did he decide Tony wasn't good enough based on gender—something he was born with, c'mon—but now Steve was leaving? Nope, that wasn't about to happen.
Since he wasn’t hiding up on the balcony anymore, he’d decided to casually search the entire damn beach. All with Bruce in tow, since the man was apparently determined to talk to him.
"The true horror was just beginning for Logan, though. Knowing the Skinner couldn't die by normal means thanks to that radioactive acid bath, the heroes banished him to another dimension--but they had to banish Logan right along with him! His would-be friends sacrificed him!"
“Well, hello sunshine,” Tony quipped back, slapping the newspaper down beside Cap’s shield and pointing to it accusingly. “I’d ask what you two have been up to, but the press answered that for me!”
Really? Tony looked at him and was grateful his sunglasses hid his eyes, because a whole bunch of things were probably readable in them right now. He arched an eyebrow.
Crossing the room, Cap easily pulled Tony under his arm to switch to holding him princess-style, then frowned at him. The weird spin had made Tony’s head hurt.
“DUDE,” he squeaked, practically crawling onto Peter’s back. “No thanks!”
“A fair try, friend! Try again, we have arrows aplenty!”
Hawkeye’s gaze dropped to the newspaper briefly, than he snorted, nudging the Hulk playfully in the arm.
"Did y-you know Doom plays piano?" Cap murmured.
"Okay, okay, you got this. It's a silver lining, now you have a sec to plan what you're gonna tell him," he said, as if coaching people on this was something he'd done before. Maybe he had with some of his high school friends. "Step one, take a big deep breath. Step two--uh, do you plan to confess feelings at him or let him down gently? Because step two's REALLY different depending on which one of those you pick."
"That's really not necessary!" Peter was pretty sure his voice just went up two octaves. Oh, jeez, his teachers didn't even know he was bi--what if they let Cap know he was lying about even having a boyfriend? Oh, god, what if Cap tried talking to Aunt May about it? "I-it's complicated! My super villains are psychos, and they'll go after anybody I care about to get to me, and I'm not out to anybody but you!"
“It actually had nothing to do with you,” Matt clarified, kissing Peter’s forehead. “It’s alright. We’ll work it out. Catch you for lunch sometime?”
Peter still felt guilty for walking off on Cap earlier, but his mind was unchanged--those two had something more going on between them. Maybe if he and Wade hurried up with the meatballs, they could leave and let Steve and Tony talk. He picked up the pace on the meatball shaping, hoping Wade would catch on and follow suit.
“Um,” Cap managed, staring at the pen.
"Be my guest." Peter hopped onto the railing of the front porch, gesturing to the door as he shoved his card away. Obviously something was going on to make the Avengers block off the mansion like this.
"I think you don't know," Clint retorted, turning to glare at him. "You can't tell—so you like us BOTH."
“Need Hulk to smash this puny bad guy, Cupid?” Hulk stepped up beside Hawkeye, huge green fists held ready in front of him.
Cap nodded.
“Ooh, what’s this?”
Wait. Smoochies?
"Thor cares about most of us like family, I'm pretty sure," Bruce assured him. He started to stitch the wound carefully. "Not me, but everybody else."
He fidgeted. Wow, he should remember that line for Cap and Tony. It was true, though.
“I’ve got a first aid kit, I’ll redo the stitches if I need to,” he told Cap. “Again.” He glanced at Clint and started down the trail without any further comment.
They weren't the only ones, Tony thought wearily.
“Why don’t you even want to think about that? Is the thought of an ‘us’ so horrible? If it is, just—just tell me already, so I can stop…” Stop what? Stop being in love with Steve? Well that was never gonna happen. If Steve ruled this out once and for all, though, Tony would have something to tell himself to stop himself hoping for anything more.
“Uhhhhhh…” Wade began weakly, glancing at Peter for some kind of cue, but not waiting long enough to get one. “Peter, uh, went to check out my college. In one of those programs that let people…check out colleges.”
"Let's get those flags set, huh?"
After bounding back to the mansion, the big green Avenger had gone inside and placed Clint into the chair with surprising care, before swiping the whole mess of papers and desk out of the way and sitting on the floor where they had been. Clint had to cringe a bit at that—poor Bruce had been working on those papers for over a week.
“No luck here, either. Figured as much,” Tony grumbled, tossing his own phone back into the tent.
"You still haven't told me why you want Thor." He looked up at Doom again, a smirk on his face. "And seriously, keep your freaky hands to yourself, R2."
“WHAT?” He repeated, the first part of Tony’s comments finally sinking in. “What’s a group thing?” Steve asked, barely remembering to keep his voice low.
"Doom tried to…drink."
"Seen Hawkeye or Banner lately?" Tony asked. That was nice and not-them-related, right?
“Wow,” Matt breathed, pushing up his glasses. “Well, I…I really don’t know what to say about that.”
“Tony, we agreed that we’d get to know him first,” Cap told him, though it sounded more like he was reminding himself. “Before we throw him in prison,” the First Avenger added darkly as he circled the kitchen counter.
"Just curious. And bored," the other man sighed, giving Bruce a sideways smile. "I'm assuming by meditate, you mean...something a little private?" He gave the brunette a nudge in the elbow. "Or does that make you turn green too?"
Clint was lounging on one end of the couch, his hood down, arms crossed over his chest…and a sandwich hanging out of his mouth. Stopping at the other end, Bruce blinked.
"I need to warn you before he talks to you," Bruce began, looking at Clint again wearily. "I let Cap think you might be interested in Tony when I talked to him last night. You can just deny it and say I don't know what I'm talking about, that's fine." He sighed. "I'm not around much that people see, so for all they know it's true."
Thor let his hand get pushed away without protest, placing it down at his side and continuing to look at Loki with a mixture of concern and anger.
“Did you mix in the spices?” Steve asked, suddenly over Peter’s shoulder. “And the bread crumbs?”
“Well, we kind of ran right into him,” Peter said sheepishly, gaze drifting toward the campfire. Sighting Matt, his eyes grew wide. “Matt?”
"Or they'll be out there when it gets dark."
Unlike Cap and Tony.
“The Avengers wouldn’t break apart, come on.” After sputtering about the idea, Clint thought it over for a moment, then frowned at Bruce.
Matt smiled at her, still perfectly calm.
"Oh, no need!" The driver said in a thick accent, turning in his seat to face Peter. Deadpool stroked his fake mustache. "Now, where would YOU like-a to go, Giovanni?"
How…DARE…they!
"Yeah?" Tony asked from the other room. "Need a hand in there?"
“Oh, that’s alright! We had a nice, long walk.” Jan beamed, leaning up on her tippy toes to kiss Hank’s cheek. The guy blushed a little despite himself.
Tony, he noticed, leaned against the wall near the door and crossed his arms like he was waiting for something.
Clint braced his feet on the back of the front seats and held onto the back seat tightly.
He…hadn’t been paying attention to THAT. Did any of the Avengers like each other? He thought, baffled.
“I’m down. I could eat a hippo,” Wade said, sneaking his arm around Matt’s waist.
Wiping at his wet hair again, Peter called uncertainly, “Sorry, is Thor in there? I need to talk to him.”
“I think you mean that I get you all to myself. No workshops, or press conferences. Just you, me, and a king-sized bed,” he whispered, kissing Tony’s ear.
He grabbed the last couple of suitcases out of the car--which looked a lot easier when Cap did it--and slowly made his way after the blond man. "S-so... What should we do with the evening? No TV to watch, no training room to work out in, no...no idea what we're having for dinner. Hm."
