Castiel puts his tablet safely away and shrugs in his trench coat before leaving the inn. The air is cold and brisk but feels good against his heated skin. The sky is clear with a few white clouds sprinkled about. The sun shines big down warming the air slightly when not in the cover of the trees and it truly looks like a winter wonderland out here. Sparkling snow is covering every surface which brings a smile to Castiel’s face the whole walk to town.
“Like I already told your buddy here, all flights in and out are canceled until the storm lets up, so I suggest you find somewhere to stay for the night and try again tomorrow,” She replies with one of those smiles that customer service workers have mastered. The one that looks friendly but you just know they are ready to flip any second now. Castiel knows since he used to have that smile memorized when he used to have to work at the local gas-and-sip when he was in college.
Cas nods and blinks his eyes. Dean can tell he's trying to pull himself together so Dean lets go of his shoulders with a little pat and looks around the room one more time. Yeah, they need a break.
Finally, with his bag fully packed, Dean checks the time to see he has exactly an hour and a half until his flight takes off.
“Claire’s fine I’m guessing. I didn’t actually know you worked at Shurley’s. Guess we never talked much more than about the girls huh?” Dean says with a chuckle. The thought strikes him as odd though. Claire and Emma hang out almost every day which means Dean sees Castiel almost every day. Of course most of their interactions are only a few minutes each and mostly about their daughters. Maybe it's time to change that? Dean wouldn’t mind being friends with Cas. From the little he knows already Dean thinks they could be really good friends.
Half an hour later, they pull up to a beautiful historic inn that captures Castiel’s heart immediately. With the fresh layer of snow covering the surrounding area, the inn looks festive and cozy. When they walk inside it's like they have entered an alternate universe. Castiel can count at least ten Christmas trees just in the entrance. There are lights and garland hung all over the grand staircase and windows. The sight is breathtaking, a little overwhelming, but truly amazing.
“Meg and I…” Cas trails off looking down at the floor searching for words he doesn’t have. Dean uses the time to blink up at the ceiling trying his best to hold it together. Letting out a long sigh, Dean looks back at Cas and finds watery blue eyes looking back at him. It breaks his heart to see his friend so distraught, but Dean’s heart is also broken and he needs to deal with that before anything else.
“Uh, yeah a little. I don’t even know if he’s single though, or even into guys to begin with,” Dean mumbles, slightly embarrassed at being so transparent with his emotions.
For years, going back to as far as Dean can remember having these feelings, he has tried to push them away. He tried ignoring them. That lasted a solid two hours until Cas just had to smile at him when he was picking up Claire. He tried finding someone else. That backfired majorly with three of the worst dates he has ever been on. The last one was with some crazy lady that told him they were soulmates and destined by God to be together. Dean got out of there as fast as humanly possible and gave up on that tactic. Finally, he decided just to accept his feelings for his best friend, but keep them to himself.
“Uh huh, watch yourself Winchester or you’ll be spending the night on the deck,” Cas states, still refusing to smile.
“Your dad talked to so many people, professionals and others that went through something similar. He read so many articles and books trying to find something that could help your mom. Amelia refused to leave her room. She wouldn’t eat or sleep or anything. Then the hallucinations started happening. Castiel would wake up in the middle of the night to her screaming about something that wasn’t there.
“Why don’t you focus on finding that certificate you’re looking for instead, so you can finish your article and save the inn?” Dean suggests trying to find something to distract Cas from the photo.
“No, really I need to know Castiel. It's only been what?  A month or so since you and Ketch broke up? I know you were looking forward to meeting his family this year at Christmas.”
“Yes I know that!” Cas huffs in frustration burying his face in his hands. Dean doesn’t know what to do. All he knows is he wants to comfort his friend but doesn’t know if he is able to do it the way he wants. Instead he reaches out and gently places his hand in Cas’ knee, his thumb rubbing soothing circles trying to get his attention. Finally those bright blue eyes look up at him through slightly crooked glasses that Dean quickly straightens.
Sensing his distraught Carol finds him again. “Oh Dean sweetie, the food isn’t going anywhere and you can have seconds if you'd like.”
Cas is the type of person that personally blames himself for problems that don't even involve him. A couple years back Cas first found out about what happened to Lydia when, on the anniversary of the accident, he asked if Dean could do him a favor. When Dean explained that he was going to the cemetery with Emma to see her mom, Castiel apologized immediately. The man blamed himself for weeks after, without Dean’s knowledge, for not knowing sooner and being more considerate. It took Dean practically yelling at him that he did nothing wrong for the man to relent.
“Later that night when your mom came home Cas went crazy. He didn't understand why Amelia would leave you unsupervised. She never gave him a reason, just promised it wouldn’t happen again. It wasn’t until much later that your dad discovered the drugs. The medication that they gave her caused her to get addicted, which led to an addiction of all kinds of drugs and other medications. She hid it well for years, no one had a single idea. Cas found a bottle once. He confronted her about it after you had gone to bed and it turned into a screaming match.”
“Would you actually mind taking her for a little while today? I still have a couple things to take care of and I don’t think it would be best for Claire if she was there,” Cas says quietly with a slight pleading tone to his voice.
“Oh like there is nothing going on between you and Castiel,” she states. Dean just stares at her, not sure how to answer. There is nothing going on between them, but Dean wishes desperately that there was. “Wait you’re serious? Nothing is going on between you two?”
Carol goes around to the other guests wishing them all a good morning and asking if they need anything. A quiet soothing bell sound comes from the next room over and Dean wanders over to figure out what's going on. He is greeted with one of the most beautiful sights he has ever seen. Tables filled with all the different kinds of breakfast foods you can think of, and not the cheap flavorless stuff you find at normal hotels. No this stuff is real and smells delicious. If it tastes half as good as it smells Dean is going to be in for a world of hurt. He can’t wait to eat everything.
“You’ll see me in a few hours kiddo. You’re going to have such an awesome day today and make a ton of new friends that the time is going to fly by! And when the day is over I will be right outside waiting for you to tell me all about the amazing adventures you got up to, sound good?” Dean asks, forcing as much enthusiasm into his words as he can. Thankfully Emma nods her head. With a gentle smile Dean fixes her hair  and kisses her forehead. “Alright sweetie, I love you and have a good day!”
“I love you too,” Cas whispers in the scant space between them and Dean can hear the smile in those words. A smile of his own finds its way to his face. He pulls Cas closer to him, his arms going around Cas’ neck to hold him close and releases a sob into Cas’ shoulder.
“Yeah okay,” Dean turns on his heels and walks out of the inn needing to find something to do before he goes stir crazy. Luckily the inn isn’t too far out of the downtown area so Dean stuffs his hands in his pockets and sets off into the brisk winter air.
“Huh? Oh right! I want you to come home for Christmas.” Sam says it like it should be a statement, but the way his voice goes up at the end makes it feel more like a question than anything else.
Yes, he finds Castiel very pretty. Who wouldn't though? With those eyes, and plush lips, and sharp cheekbones, and strong jawline covered with the perfect amount of scruff, and dark hair that is just begging to have someone run their fingers through. Dean scolds himself to knock it off. Castiel has enough on his plate already, there is no need to add Dean perving on him to the list. Plus he's
The thing with renovating an entire hotel on an island is that it is a lot more than just a normal project for either of them. They need to find a way to get materials to the island which increases the cost of shipping astronomically. They need a place to live while they work on the project, which luckily wasn’t too hard to figure out. In addition to the actual hotel there are a dozen villas that need to be renovated. Castiel came up with the idea to fix up one of those first and make it their temporary home. They also met a local couple, Cesar and Jesse, on the island that have a large house and are willing to house some of their crew members while there. Except Benny, who wants to live on his houseboat, which they will be taking down to the island as well.
To Castiel’s great pleasure, Dean also flushes at the question before answering. “Not too bad Carol, thank you for asking.”
Cheers go up around the room and everyone heads out to the pool deck for the grand opening celebration. All workers and guests are welcome to the party where the poolside bar will be open for drinks and food. When the sun goes down the fire pits will be lit and the party will continue under the stars. Dean and his little family of four follow the last of the crew outside and he enjoys every second he gets with the man of his dreams by his side.
Castiel rolls his eyes and looks at the adorable little girl in front of him. Her smile is bright enough to rival her father’s and Cas was never any good at denying that man anything. Same goes for this little one.
“Dean, I have loved you for years. I like to think it started the first time you made me dinner at your house. And then it just kept growing and growing. When you invited me along on your sacred trip to the lake, I know how much that trip means to you and what me going with you symbolized. I was a goner at that point. I wanted to be selfish and have the girls sleep on the outside and us in the middle so that maybe just maybe we would end up close together during the night. That trip gave me hope that maybe there is something between us. Over the years that hope grew right alongside my love for you, but I am so tired Dean. I am so tired of not knowing and having this hope taken away time after time. So tell me now if my heart is in the right place or if I should move on because I don't know how much more I can take.”
“Oh yes! Cassie tends to miss those types of things,” The shorter man says while nudging Cas in the ribs.
“What are you looking at?” Ketch’s voice spooks him from where the man stands next to him looking out the window frowning at the dark sky.
Okay that hurts, but then Dean thinks about it and realizes he has tried to do the same thing on multiple occasions.
“Oh Claire, I’m so sorry sweetheart. You shouldn’t have had to hear any of that,” Dean replies, pulling her back into a hug. To his great relief she goes willingly and relaxes into his hold. “Do you want me to continue?”
“As much as two people can date while working on a major hotel renovation on an island in the Bahamas, yes,” Jo says again. “We were going to tell you eventually! Just kept putting it off and then the last few months have been brutal and weighing on you so we just kept quiet.”
“Yeah, no that’s not happening. You asked me to go to this bar with you, so we are going to go. I’m only in town for this weekend and the next time I’ll see you is Christmas, so let's make the most of this.”
Dean opens the fridge and peers inside before turning back to look at Cas. “Want me to make you something?”
When it came to camping though, Lisa wanted nothing to do with it. She liked adventure, but not the sleeping on the ground covered in dirt' kind of adventure. It stung a bit when she refused to go with them, but Dean and Emma still had an amazing time like they always did. It was when they got back that everything came crashing down. Lisa had packed up all of her and Ben’s things while they were out at the lake. The only thing she told Dean when they got back was that she was moving back to Michigan to be closer to Ben's father.
“It's not going to get done tomorrow, so we can take a day off,” Dean replies. “Okay, you're going to go straight to our villa and lay down for a while. Read your book or sleep, I don’t care. Just don’t work, got it?”
“I’m sure if you got paired with Gabriel for this tour he would’ve loved your jokes and would have plenty of his own to add.”
“I don't need any of that sir stuff, ya idjit, Bobby will do just fine. Now come on in so we can eat!” He says over his shoulder. Castiel's own shoulders drop a bit not knowing what to make of that last interaction. He wants to make a good impression with Dean’s family and somehow he feels like he messed up with one of the most important people in Dean’s life. Sam and the girls follow Bobby down the hall and a hand on his lower back shocks Castiel. He turns to see Dean looking at him with happiness in his eyes.
Castiel watches her go already thinking about what kind of research he will need to do for this article. He feels a weight lift off his shoulders at finally finding a topic to write about and can relax a little. That doesn’t stop him from grabbing his tablet and immediately google any information he can find. A couple hours later he decides he deserves a break and might head into town. Last night when he went out with Dean it was too dark to truly take in everything so another walk during the day would be good for him.
Without another second of hesitation Dean rushes off in the direction Mark points him in. When he rounds the corner, his feet freeze in place. It’s not Emma, but he’s not sure if this is any better. Leaning against the fence in her dark leather jacket, ripped jeans, and combat boots is Claire. Dean can see her long curly blonde hair blowing in her face with the wind as she looks down at her phone.
“Yeah, that's what I said,” Dean says. “Anyways you guys are free to do whatever. Sammy is supposed to get here tomorrow morning with his family and I was thinking we could all take a little adventure somewhere if you guys want to join.”
Dean dries off and slides his sleep pants and shirt on before saying goodnight to the girls with a forehead kiss to each and walking back to the master bedroom. He hopes Cas is already asleep so that they can avoid any awkward conversation and Dean can just get into bed. Of course there is some god up there that absolutely has it out for Dean because not only is Cas still awake, he is sitting up in bed, still shirtless, reading his book with his damn glasses on.
“Oh yes!” Dean turns back the fridge searching for something to make. He’s not really feeling a full meal and definitely not feeling anything healthy. “How do cookies sound?”
“You’re giving me special inside access to the next great Dean Winchester article?” There's a teasing tone to Cas’ voice but the genuine smile he gives Dean calms him down.
“Are you going to invite us in Sammy? It's cold out here,” Dean deflects. Sam steps aside and lets them into the much warmer house. Castiel didn’t realize how cold it was until the warm air hit his cheeks.
A couple of the kids look genuinely confused at the joke while others are just waiting for the answer. Dean sneaks a peek at Castiel and sees his head tilted in confusion again. For some odd reason, the head tilt really does things to Dean and he really needs to get himself back under control and finish the damn joke.
Dean starts fumbling out an explanation — a story about pronouns in different languages, Jack saying he doesn’t feel like he’s any particular gender, but also saying he doesn’t especially care about pronouns. Dean’s face broadcasts earnest confusion, and for the second time, Eileen finds herself charmed. Dean, who clearly hasn’t any fucking clue about what Jack means about not identifying with pronouns, but is still taking the time to painstakingly explain it because he’s worried that Eileen’s definitions of sexualities have espoused some version of love that wouldn’t include Jack. Like he’s afraid this means that Jack won’t be able to find love.
They pull into the garage at the bunker, planning to split off, Sam citing need of a shower and Eileen citing Sam’s need of a shower (he knows it's so she can eat her caramels without Sam stealing any more — they were surprisingly good).
Dean's hands don't shake as he goes to restart the song. They don't, but only because Dean is holding them very, very steady, like he might take a shot at any second.
“I want to convince Dean.” Cas says, and a few seconds of short reflection reveal it to be true. This is what language he was struggling with before. He wants to meet Dean’s torrent with an ocean. He wants to show the depth of his feeling, the way Dean had with his kiss. He wants to respond to Dean’s sweet kiss in a way that makes Dean’s knees weak with the same overwhelming feeling of being cherished.
“I knew you and Sam would look after him,” Cas says, serenely, like he didn’t see the million and one ways that Dean has already fucked that up. Dean doesn’t have time to explain why leaving the Nephilim, who Dean had already tried to kill once, in his care is a stupid fucking idea.
It’s comfortable and it’s quiet. Dean explains some of the new warding, and then they drink beer and shoot the shit. Eventually, Dean cracks a yawn so big he swears he hears his jaw pop, so he makes his apologies and retreats to his room.
So, he sat with Jack and explained. To Dean, words are often just words. It’s his actions that matter. Saying “I love you” didn’t mean as much to Dean as something like the fishing trip or the driving lesson that Jack loved to talk about. Cas had rifled through the four days they’d been back and pulled out every instance of Dean’s affection for Jack, explaining as he laid them out before his son: cooking breakfast, planning a game night, teaching Jack how to dust, showing Jack how the record player worked, letting Jack brew the coffee (it tasted horrible, but Dean drank all of it with a smile).
So, what? Maybe Cas loves Dean. It doesn’t mean anything. It doesn’t mean he’s going to stay. Dean looks at the field of wildflowers, the sun beating down.
This song proves beyond any doubt what Dean already knows: his love is the same kind of destructive thing that lit up his childhood home. Cas knows that Dean is a violent man, and that
And then, Dean — because he’s not a coward, except for all the times that he’s a coward — takes a miniature leap off a cliff and says, “They’re very, uh, romantic.” Cas smiles, so Dean continues, softer and more honest. “It’s maybe the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me.”
Cas opens his mouth to say something more, but Dean’s hands fly off the desk, cupping Cas’s cheeks in a frantic bid to make him stop. Dean’s heart is pacing wildly in its cage, pushing at weak hinges and rattling the locks. Dean surges forward before he can think, pressing desperate lips full of things he cannot say against Castiel’s softly shocked mouth.
It’s worse every time Cas leaves the room. Cas is clearly still pissed, but he doubts either of them know what they’re fighting about anymore.
He thinks about Castiel, in his kitchen, saying, “I like who you are.” He thinks about Jack wanting to be like him. He thinks about crawling out of his own grave, deciding that he can still save people.
“Oh. Yes. Right.” It’s entirely possible that Dean has been kidnapped by a Djinn because Cas actually stumbles when he tries to get out of the door. Cas. Cas, who Dean’s seen kill hordes of demons because they happened to be in his way.
Frowning, Dean wanders to the garage. He closes the doors behind him, carefully replaying the conversation with Sam. Turns “Ew, gross.” over in his head. Tries to look head on at Sam’s fear that Dean would hate him. Wonders if there is anyone around him he isn’t chopping into pieces.
They’re not all winners, and some have too much butter for Sam to feel good about himself when eating them, but in general, it’s all delicious. Sam’s not necessarily surprised or anything. Dean was definitely an adventurous cook when they were growing up, but he’d been good at it even then. Sam still thinks about marshmallow fluff mac and cheese. If he wasn’t certain Dean would burst an artery about it, he’d consider asking him to make it again now.
‘Hey. This is Dean.’ he starts, because Sam usually texts Eileen when they’re not together, and Dean usually just texts Sam when they are. It feels weirdly formal, but for all Dean genuinely likes Eileen, they’re not really friends. ‘I’m about 3 hours from Tulsa.’ he adds next. ‘Mind company?’
The music isn’t distracting enough, but if Dean can count on one thing, it’s that the mixtape itself will be. He fast forwards a bit, finding the end of a Better Son/Daughter. He lets it play out, while he grates cheese.
Sam can be a bit over-protective, but she gets it’s a him problem, not a problem he has with her. Still, if this was some sort of elaborate shovel talk situation, Sam would probably interfere before Dean put her in the ground.
Claire, completely unfazed by Dean’s silent promise to extract vengeance at the next possible opportunity, eggs Cassie on with, “Oh, absolutely do that. Please do that.”
And now it's 5 in the morning, and Dean hasn't had enough coffee, and he has to come up with a way to tell Cas, who he is in love with and who is in love with him, that he doesn't need to make Dean mixtapes.
Cas is magnetic, is the issue. Dean had been really good about locking those thoughts away and not touching them.
Sam looks contrite. He seems to have found a stray thread at the corner of Dean’s bed and is working it between his fingers. “I dunno. A couple of weeks.”
Dean pulls back for a second, and Cas bends to follow, like he can’t bear to be disconnected from Dean for a moment. Dean can’t even make fun of him for it because he feels the same fucking way. Cas doesn’t devour him, or throw Dean on the desk. He simply sways forward and stops an atom's width away from Dean’s mouth. It’s Dean who pushes up against those soft lips, easing the tempo into something tender and pliant, moving the kiss from desperate to loving.
“No, I mean we’ll still go. But, it won’t be the same. Claire will be worried the whole time now. She won’t be able to cut loose.” Dean quirks his eyebrows and takes a sip of coffee. That's apparently enough for Kaia.
Claire, who can apparently be spectacularly rude, leans forward and shoots an extremely pointed, “Excuse me, who are you?”
Dean rewinds the tape again, paying careful attention. He deeply considers looking up an English translation of the lyrics, but it doesn’t sit right.
There was the First Blade, and the knife Alistair had gifted him with a sly smile. There was the demon-killing knife, and the angel blades, and the knife Cas had taken from Dean’s pocket to buy himself the time for a final confession, the price for dying free of sin.
Zadkiel must have landed closer to Castiel because Dean is able to make out, “I am unable to locate Dean Winchester, Castiel. It’s possible he’s been kidnapped by a great evil.” Dean, who has just made it to the kitchen to grab a beer, smiles at that. He decides to take his beer on the back porch to continue his torture at the hands of the great evil.
Her phone buzzes almost immediately. “I miss you, too” followed by a bathtub emoji — it’s something of an inside joke for them. A personal kind of kiss.
Jack is very invested in love languages. Also, personality tests. It'd taken considerable will power to stop him from getting invested in astrology. Dean's waiting for Jack to jump full hog into crystals and tarot even though he's literally (maybe?) God and could probably tell the future by just remembering that he can do that.
Then, he thinks about Cas putting so much love into a mixtape that it spans into other languages. He thinks of Bobby saying, “You're a better man than your father ever was.” He thinks about all the things he's done that make him just like John.
Dean won’t let Cas help him. Dean doesn’t want Cas to help him. Or perhaps, Cas isn’t capable of helping him.
He could stop it. Reach out and stop it. Unfortunately, the only thing worse than listening to Cas’s mixtape with Eileen in the car is stopping the tape now and having to explain why.
, but Cas also listens to some weird shit. They'd had a whole night once where Cas had gotten his hands on some Tibeten throat singing, and Dean and Cas had sat around the record player until they got drunk enough to try for themselves.
Briefly, she curses Sam. She’d have a perfectly normal relationship with Dean, if not for Sam and his stories and the love between the brothers that she could see from space.
It’d been a good night, but usually Eileen breezes through between hunts and her own life to hang out with Dean’s dorky brother. They tend to do their own thing together, which Dean is going to continue to believe is sit in the dark and hold hands, for his own fucking sanity.
Claire and Kaia are thrilled. They’re doing something that might pass as dancing, except they keep stopping to scream lyrics or sometimes laugh.
Dean runs through a mental litany of his own greatest hits and tries to find a way that could make sense.
Instead she signs back, “Welcome to the club. We should make t-shirts.” She knows it will make Dean laugh.
He has no idea what Cas was thinking including this song, and he has no way of knowing. It's almost a relief to not have to pull apart the lyrics.
Dean realises why Kaia had wanted Jody there. He fiddles with the wire on his own headphones and remembers being 21 — knowing that his family was falling apart, that he’d be alone. Getting just a little too drunk after a hunt, then getting jumped by the survivor of a vampire nest he hadn’t known he’d left alive. He wonders how different that night would have been if someone else had been there to watch his back, understands that he’d be dead if the man hadn’t wanted to take his time and
The next song starts with a high-pitched whine. Dean pauses the tape, still thinking about the violence he carries everywhere.
He slides the headphones off his ears. He scrapes gulping breaths until he can breath quietly. He leans forward, pressing his forehead against Baby’s cool metal.
“Dean?” Sam says worriedly as he walks into the kitchen. For an entry line, it lacks a certain level of inspiration. Dean’s done more with less.
That's not weird. Cas did a lot of driving, and he deserved good music. Who cares that Cas's car didn't have a way to play tapes until after Dean gave him the mixtape? That's not the point. The point was giving him the tape. Giving him the music.
Cas keeps doing all these things, keeps looking at Dean, keeps forgiving Dean and loving Dean and asking for nothing, while Dean stands there and can’t get simple words out of his sawdust mouth. Cas keeps giving, and Dean just takes and takes, and Dean knows in his bones the same way he knows how to aim a gun that he’s going to ruin Cas somehow.
That leaves him and Cas alone in the bunker. Dean’s not sure what happens next, but he knows he’s going to be the villain or the fool, and he has no interest in being either, though he knows he’s probably both.
Dean rewinds the song. Cas, finally free, has decided that he’s going to use his new power to hang out in the bunker with Sam and Dean. To date Dean.
“Cas, buddy. If you have a point here, we’re circling it. So, what? I didn’t want to let Sammy die alone. Nobody would leave their brother like that.”
Is this some kind of test? Is this some sort of weird, brotherly version of meeting the parents? Is this a threat of some kind?
Dean sighs wearily: the sound of a man who has realized that Castiel is going to kill him and has accepted his fate. Dean's watched Castiel slam demons down for daring to breathe wrong, and — nope, whoops, that's not supposed to be sexy.
Dean choked, but thankfully no one noticed. He decided right there and then that the kitchen counter was actually really fascinating, and really it was a shame he hadn't paid much attention to it before. He was going to fix that problem, pronto.
The next song starts, but barely 30 seconds pass before Dean gives up and retreats to his room. Sam or Cas can text him when they're back, but he is absolutely under no circumstances going to be caught with his pants around his ankles by Castiel while
“Dean. I'm sorry.” Dean, carefully, gently, slowly — so fucking slowly — slides his hand out of Jack's wrist. He's treated Jack with enough violence. Despite everything, Dean doesn't actually want to be John. He pushes Jack back onto the bed — a suggestion more than a shove — and sits down on the edge.
Aswangs are annoying. The only way to kill them is by hitting a specific spot on the small of their backs, and Dean and Eileen both wrinkle their noses at attacking an open back. It may be stupid, but still — Eileen doesn’t enjoy it. It’s also clear that Dean is not thrilled about doing this hidden and at range. There’s something a little wrong about killing that way, even when it’s the only way.
He thinks about black ooze devouring him. Thinks about poisoning everything around him. Thinks about Cas smiling at him, so happy to be destroyed by Dean’s selfishness. He doesn’t check for blood or a body, because the Empty hadn’t left anything to mourn. He places a hand over his chest, reassured by the beat of his heart carefully caged inside his body.
Dean remembers this moment. Jack had cried. Cas had reached out and put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Dean had carefully, carefully not looked at Sam, not looked at Cas, not looked at anyone.
Cas had no intention of excusing Dean’s actions, but he thought Jack was at least owed an explanation.
Dean doesn’t know what to say, or what to do. This feels like a conversation Patience should be having with Jody, who's good at these things. Or Donna, who can make anyone smile. Or even Sam, who might be smart enough to get what’s going on. Really, anyone other than Dean. He thinks about reaching out to Patience, but he isn’t sure how that’d be received. He catches a drip of melting whipped cream as it slides down the side of his mug instead.
He’s going to be late to the cabin now, he knows. Still, Dean learned a lot in Hell. He knows that agony can be turned numb by exposing oneself to it over and over again. Knows that if he learns this song by heart, it can’t be used against him.
Sam smiles at him, Cas smiles back, and they both retreat to their books. Dean is so good with Jack, now that he’s been given a chance to be. He has more patience than any of them for Jack’s antics, and he’s the best at casually redirecting Jack’s energy, even though he’s also easily charmed.
Anyway, yelling distance is good. And when they want privacy, well, that's why people buy headphones. Dean's always happy to throw on a tape. Any tape really. I mean, he has his walkman in the kitchen right now, and it has a tape loaded in it.
They find a couple chairs to sit and set their stuff on. Castiel immediately goes on his phone and starts looking up places they can stay. The first few places he calls tell him they are completely booked for that night. With a frustrated huff, Castiel falls into the chair next to Dean.
He is still smiling when he feels a presence next to him. Dean appears at his side with a small smile playing on his lips when their eyes meet.
Who knows what their next adventure will be? Maybe Cas will fall in love with another hotel on some other island. Maybe they will go back to their quiet home and continue their day to day lives. Maybe they will do something completely new. Dean has no idea and he doesn’t really care. As long as he is with Cas and their two girls, Dean will be perfectly content wherever life takes them next.
“No worries, just glad you made it safely,” Mrs. Mills replies with a gentle smile. Her words make Dean pause as he looks down at Claire again.
“I know princess,” Dean says, rubbing his hand on her back comfortingly. “I don’t want to leave you either, but guess what!”
Dean thinks back to the drive home when he was telling Cas about how much he enjoyed having him there with his family. How he made it that much easier for Dean to enjoy the holidays for the first time in who knows how long. How much it would mean to him if Cas would go back with him on Christmas Day. When he was met with silence he looked over to find Cas leaning against the car door passed out asleep. He had a slight frown pulling at his lips and his brows pinched together but he still looked so handsome. Dean had to force himself to look away before he sent them both over the side of the road for being distracted.
No one seems to be in too big of a rush that morning, the girls relax on the beach and the men enjoy their coffee. Eventually Dean and Benny head back to the villa to assess the damage and the work that needs to be done before it's livable. The deck needs to be fully replaced but that can wait a while, and there is some water damage from the roof so one of them will have to get up there to find the real source of the issue. Some of the floor is cracked but they know that won’t be too much of an issue since it is most likely just from settlement. Dean knows Cas wants to put some kind of flooring down anyways so the cracks will just need to be filled in before they cover them.
“Okay, great, now that we got that out of the way do the two of you want to come in so we can play charades?” Sam’s voice interrupts their moment, which earns him twin glares. Sam smiles in response before turning and walking back inside. Cas laces their fingers together earning him a bright smile from Dean as they follow Sammy into the house.
“Dean!” Luckily the man stops and turns around with a smile on his face. It looks all wrong though. There is none of his usual friendliness anywhere and his smile doesn’t meet his usually bright green eyes. His eyes. They seem so dull now for some reason when just an hour ago they were sparkling with so much joy that Cas couldn’t look away.
Cas makes his way to the breakfast room and settles at a table with his tablet ready to work on his article. The research he has gotten done the day before has given him an idea of where to start, he just needs to talk to the Winters to see if they have any more information. As if his thoughts summon them Carol comes over to the table carrying a plate stacked high with waffles, strawberries, and whipped cream for Castiel.
Morning dawns bright and early. Harsh sunlight hits Dean’s face, causing him to groan and roll over onto his back, only to find himself now half way on top of something firm, but still very comfortable. Dean buries his face more into his new pillow and settles down for a few more minutes of precious sleep.
“I couldn’t find the certificate. I couldn’t save the inn. And I couldn’t finish my article,” Cas mumbles looking down at their feet. Their dance has changed to more of a slow sway than the waltz Dean was leading earlier.
“So go home to your families, go enjoy time on the beach or by the pool. I don't care what you do as long as you don't pick up a power tool or anything like that, got it?” Dean asks, smiling.
He debates whether to play it off as everything is fine or to give in and tell Charlie how miserable he actually has been the last few weeks. Knowing the fact that his job is on the line with this Aspen piece and that if he told her the truth she would most likely take him off of it, he decides to play the part of a “not completely heartbroken writer who is very excited for the holiday season”.
“Claire honey?” he says gently to get her attention. “I promise you, your father will never leave you.”
Cas nods his head and tries to calm his breathing. His fists loosen their grip on his hair and Dean reaches up gently, his fingers curling around Cas’ and urging him to let go. When the other man does, Dean cards his fingers through the wild dark locks in a soothing manner, causing Cas to close his eyes and lean into the touch. Dean moves his hands down to cup Cas’ face between them and waits for Cas to open his eyes again. Bright blue filled with worry stares right back at him and Dean tries to hide his own feelings from his own eyes.
“Fine. There is an old legend that back in the early 1800s Santa crashed his sleigh in this very spot. He fell in love with the town and surrounding areas so he decided to make this place his home. Every year, at midnight, when Christmas Eve changes to Christmas day if you look up into the sky you’ll see a good streak of light flying through the air which is Santa on his sleigh heading out to deliver all the presents to the good boys and girls of the world. The catch is, that only those who truly believe will see the light in the sky”
After Dean hangs up the phone, he explains the game plan to his crew and they get to work immediately. The weather is finally starting to warm up after the extra long and cold winter they had. It doesn’t take long for Dean to feel the sweat on his back sticking to his shirt, but he would take a warm day over a cold wet rainy day every time. Those are the days he wishes he worked an office job instead of one that requires him to be outside no matter the weather. At the end of the day, with his muscles sore he is always satisfied knowing he got the work done.
The moon and stars light up the night sky just enough to allow Dean to see the dark ocean waves lapping at the shore. He gets lost in thought, watching the continual motion of the water coming and going. His feelings for Cas have completely gotten out of control and the divorce has given him a sliver of hope that shrivels more and more as time goes on. If Cas loved, or even
“Yeah no,” she says and her smile fades. Castiel recognizes it as the dismissal it is and gives her a tight smile. Dean doesn’t take it that way though. The other man starts to protest but is cut off when she turns a death glare on him. “I suggest you find somewhere to stay or wish for a Christmas miracle.”
Cas is standing at the gates with Gabe and Charlie one again waiting for Dean’s third grade class to file into the zoo. This year Cas was actually able to remember what day it was and prepare himself for the day to come. He sees the kids make their way towards the zoo officials and his eyes lock onto a little girl with blonde curly hair in the front. She has a giant smile on her face and is practically bouncing up and down. Once their eyes meet she takes off running for him. When she does reach him he crouches down to be at eye level and is met with a pair of very excited bright blue eyes.
“As I said, we all need a Christmas miracle,” Charlie states before turning on her heel and walking away. “Flight leaves at 1:00 PM sharp! Winchester, I don’t care how many kittens need saving, please don’t be late!”
“Anytime Cas,” Dean replies, trying to keep the heat he feels in his neck from rising any higher. Luckily it's starting to get dark, so the fading light should hide any pink tint to his skin. They finish the rest of their meal, then sit by the fire until the rest of the light disappears over the surrounding trees. Dean and Cas help the girls get ready for bed and before they know it they are all snuggled down into their sleeping bags listening to the sounds of nature surrounding them.
“Hello Dean,” Cas greets and Dean is speechless. Up close Dean can see how the dark charcoal of the suit causes Cas’ vibrant blue eyes to pop just that much more. He also decided it would be great night to torture Dean because framing those beautiful blue orbs are the thick frame glasses Cas has taken to wearing more often.
“No. That was weird, nice, but weird, and I’m not sure how to take it,” Dean admits. “I’m just not going to question it and let it go. I don't want to get my hopes up. Again.”
A shorter chapter for y'all this time, next one will be posted in a few days (Wednesday hopefully)!! I am so close to having the final chapter finished, I keep adding on so it kinda keeps growing... But it will be finished I promise!!
Castiel snaps his head up at the voice, but Dean is the one to answer. “We’re supposed to be flying to Colorado, but all flights are canceled so now we're stuck here with nowhere to stay.”
The remainder of the boat ride Dean and Cas sit pressed together. Dean has his arms around Cas’ waist with one of Cas’ hands resting atop and Dean’s chin resting on Cas’ shoulder. This is the most physical and intimate they have ever been while being fully conscious and Dean is already craving more of it. It feels natural and comfortable. The two things that Dean always thought you should feel when with the person you love and are with, but he has never been able to truly reach that point. With Cas though, they have had that level of comfort for as long as Dean can remember. If Cas could just love him back then Dean’s life would be complete. But for now this is enough.
With a huff, Castiel walks out and around the corner where he immediately runs into Dean Winchester. Literally runs into him. Castiel stumbles back until a strong hand grips his elbow pulling him in slightly. He finds himself chest to chest with Dean and his eyes fixed on his lips. Quickly realizing what he’s doing Castiel steps back and clears his throat before sending a death glare to the man in front of him. Unfortunately, it doesn’t seem to affect Dean at all since the man is still standing there staring at him.
“Can I kiss you?” Dean wipers in the space between them. Instead of getting a reply, Cas surges up and their lips meet in a burst of emotions.
“Yeah Cas! Sleeping! On the boat, you know like what we all did the first couple nights we were here,” Dean explains exasperated. He adds, “Besides he’s with Jo now.”
“For what exactly are you apologizing?” Dean said he would work with it, not that he would make it easy on the other man.
And there it is. Cas rolls his eyes, which causes Dean’s grin to grow. He quickly turns his attention back to the kids to find them all staring through the glass at the bears playing in the water. It brings Cas a little bit of joy knowing none of the kids laughed at Dean’s pun this time. It’s a little petty sure, but Cas doesn’t care too much, it still gives him some satisfaction. When it’s time to move on the two adults have to drag the kids away from the glass to the next habitat. Castiel gets a little pep in his step as they get closer to the sun bears. They’re his favorite bears at the zoo, and they’re also new this year. Which means there is no way Dean would have a pun planned for them.
Dean picks up on her reference and rolls his eyes again before fixing his gaze on her in a slight death glare. He hopes she is able to pick up on his annoyance, but knows that she won't care either way.
She rolls her eyes at him as if everything is obvious. “Sex, Dean. I’m talking about sex. Poor Castiel is wound up so tight he just about jumped at the opportunity to destress a bit.” The evil spark in her eyes returns and she even wiggles her eyebrows slightly, causing Dean to scowl.
Dean tries his absolute best to get himself back in control and attempts to smile his most charming smile. “Whale hello there, I’m Dean Winchester.”
“No, it didn’t. I kept saying some jokes and puns for the kids and Cas seemed to have no reaction whatsoever to me. I never would have guessed he was attracted to me if you didn’t just say something. Are you sure?” Dean can’t help the pain of disappointment that shoots through him. He might’ve had a chance with the unfairly attractive zookeeper and he blew it.
“My apologies,” Castiel replies, his voice a deep timber that does absolutely nothing to help Dean at that moment. Cas reaches out for one of the beers, causing their fingers to brush just the slightest amount, but it is enough for Dean’s face to feel like it goes up in flames. Dean doesn't think he has ever moved quicker than he does to the opposite side of the kitchen from Cas. He plays it off as if he was going in search of a bottle opener, even though there is clearly a Led Zeppelin bottle opener stuck to the fridge. Instead he uses the one attached to the can opener and does his absolute best to get his body to settle down.
Cas can tell the teacher is trying to play it cool like he always does but personally Cas kind of likes this flustered version of the man. He can’t help the feeling in his chest at the man's admission either. Dean remembered all of the fun facts Cas has told his classes over the years and then has the audacity to look adorable and embarrassed by it. Another soft smile makes its way to Cas’ face, seeming like no matter how annoying the other man is, Cas can’t help but smile around him.
Dean has been waiting for this day to come for well over a month and now that it’s finally here he can’t keep the smile off his face. It’s field trip day. He was able to convince, it really didn’t take much, the principal to allow him to take his class to the zoo for a day. When he brought it up to his class the kids were so excited he couldn’t get them to focus back on their writing for at least ten minutes. Permission slips signed and two parent volunteers to help corral the kids he started to plan his whole day. There's a chance Dean is more excited than the kids are, he hasn’t been to a zoo in ages. It’s safe to say that the night before, Dean didn’t get more than a couple of hours of sleep.
With a plan to meet up tomorrow around ten, the group disperses for the rest of the day. Emma and Claire managed to convince Charlie to go hang out by the newly completed pool while Benny and Jo plan on heading over to Jesse and Cesar's place. Dean finds some food and heads back to the villa to check on Cas. He finds him passed out on top of the covers with a book hanging limply from his hand. With a fond smile, Dean places the food on the table then gently takes the book from Cas’ hand and sets it on the bedside table.
Dean replaces everything that was rotten and by the time he is done he is drenched in sweat. He didn’t realize how much the humidity would affect him, but it didn’t take him long to realize wearing a long sleeved flannel is probably not the best idea. He strips out of his overshirt so that he is just in his black tee, only to find that soaked in sweat too and sticking to his body uncomfortably. He grumbles slightly at the insane heat but gets back to work. With the roof now finished they can work on the inside and access the rest of the damage.
The next few minutes are passed in a strange tense atmosphere as both men take periodic sips from their bottle. Dean checks the water to see if it is boiling and adds the pasta when he sees it's ready. Cas sits at the kitchen island on one of the barstools Dean has there, watching him work as Dean prepares the ingredients for the creamy garlic and cheese sauce.
That train of thought is gut wrenching and Dean quickly shoos it away to be dealt with at a later date. A much much later date. For now he will enjoy the time he has. His sweet blonde haired princess with the biggest green eyes that light up when she smiles. The little girl is his whole world and he can’t even imagine what his life would be like if he didn't have her with him, despite the story behind it.
It seems no one is able to deny the girls anything because the next thing Cas knows is they are all gathered in the living room with Mary in Bobby’s lap holding the book open and everyone else spread around the room. Castiel finds himself sharing the couch with Eileen sitting comfortably with one leg tucked under him and the other resting on the ground. Dean sits in front of him leaning against the couch and slightly against his leg. The warmth from Dean radiates up his leg and warms his whole being. Cas sees Dean and Sam exchanging some hands signals between them but can’t understand any of what they're saying. They're both smiling though so everything must be okay.
“We wanted to ask you guys about something and we need you to be completely honest, okay?” He tries to hide his nerves the best he can but his hand is fidgeting on the other side of the counter out of sight. Dean would never admit it, but Emma’s answer worries him. He doesn’t know what his daughter will prefer. It would devastate him not having her with him for the time he's working on the project. If she decides to join them in the Bahamas but later regrets it because of everything else she would be missing out on, it would probably hurt him a lot more.
“Seriously? Of course, she put our seats together,” Castiel grumbles. Dean, being the much more mature one out of the two, decides to ignore the rude comment and settle into his seat instead. He stares out the window before promptly shutting the cover. “This flight takes off in less than five minutes, are you seriously just getting here?”
“Even though Cas here is a very special treat, I have something else to sweeten the pot for y’all!” Cas looks at the other man very confused on what’s going on. This isn’t how it normally goes at all.
The sound of water running brings Castiel back into awareness. For a minute he thinks he is back at the Winters Inn and Dean is the one in the shower but when he rolls over and buries his face in the pillow expecting the smell of cedar that he has come to associate with Dean he is very disappointed when it smells like plain laundry detergent. Cas sits up with a frown on his face and takes in his surroundings. Even through his blurry vision, he doesn't see any Christmas tree in the corner, or warm sunlight filtering in through soft curtains, or beautiful custom dark wood furniture. It leaves his stomach in knots not having the familiarity of the inn or the comfort of knowing Dean is nearby.
“I tend to write about what I’m afraid of to help me get over my fears. I tried skydiving once to get over the fear of flying, but honestly it just made it much worse,” Dean answers with a self deprecating laugh.
“Wait, this is your first time with us right?” Charlie nods her head with a smile on her face. “Are we sure you have all of the koala-fications for this job?”
“I was planning on going yes,” Cas replies looking at Dean with his head tilted slightly to the side.
It's the fourth day of their vacation on the island and they have finally decided to take Jesse and Cesar up on the offer of their boat. The four of them piled on that morning, the sun already beating down on them, causing Dean to curse softly. He got burned their first day here on the beach because he forgot to put sunscreen on. Cas lectured him that night and has made sure Dean has sunscreen applied near constantly now. Dean would complain but Cas helps get his back where he can't reach and Dean will never complain about having Cas’ hands on him.
Dean can tell Cas wants to be mad but something is stopping him and Dean is very grateful for that. He didn't mean to overhear the conversation, it just kind of happened when he walked into the breakfast room. Cas just sighs and looks away from Dean which breaks his heart a little bit if he's being honest.
for the amazing prompt that I fell in love with and inspired this story! Hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it :)
“Alrighty then, folks! We got a very special treat for y’all tonight!” Ash says into his microphone while looking down at the list. “One of our very favorite regulars has graced us with his presence once again tonight. Ladies and gents, let's give a very nice welcome to our very own singing angel, Castiel!”
“Castiel we really have to go, they're waiting for us,” Ketch’s voice breaks through Castiel’s thoughts causing a wave of irritation to wash over him.
“Thanks Benny,” Dean smiles, finishing off his beer. Not able to help himself, he smirks over at his friends. “Should I go up on deck and give y’all some privacy or am I fine on the spare?”
“I thought you said the coffee here is the best,” Castiel says with narrowed eyes and a slightly raised eyebrow.
“Arthur,” Cas corrects. “Sure every now and then if we were going out he would tell me I look nice but he hated my glasses. Told me it made me look like a nerd and that I should stick to just wearing my contacts. Ketch and my relationship was never very physical, it was more business than anything. We both work in the publishing industry and on paper we were perfect for eachother. Which is honestly all I was looking for. I had everything planned out and it was going perfect until he broke up with me and the whole plan went up in flames.”
“Not really,” Dean mumbles. He still isn’t ready to talk about everything yet. “Cas and I got into another fight.”
The guy squints his eyes and tilts his head in confusion, probably wondering why on Earth this total stranger has his hand on him. He follows Dean anyways and soon Dean is pointing at the two girls laughing at the table.
“Oh, come on now Cas, I’ve told you before you can call me Dean!” He says with a wink, “That is unless the kids are listening, then it’s Mr. Dean!”
“Well what do you suggest doing then?” Cas raises his voice to a shout and whirls around to face Dean. Sure enough his eyes are rimmed in red and there are tear tracks running down his cheeks. The sight breaks Dean’s heart and he wants nothing more than to kiss them away and hold the man against him until everything is right in the world. “I can’t just turn off my feelings for you! Believe me I've tried!”
Dean turns to face Cas, bringing his arms up to wrap around Cas’ neck. He stares into those amazing blue eyes that captured his heart all those years ago and can’t resist the pull to kiss those soft lips inches from his. They keep the kiss chaste, with guests now swarming the property. When they pull apart Cas smiles, causing his nose to crinkle in joy and Dean can’t help pressing a soft kiss there as well.
And Cas does. He tells Dean about how he was always interested in cool unique buildings when he was a kid and that drove his interest in architecture. However, after all of the schooling and a few years of work experience he was slightly disappointed to find that it didn't live up to his expectations. During his time working as an architect he dealt a lot with structural engineers and was fascinated by the work they did. He became pretty close friends with one of them and he helped Cas study for the FE, fundamentals of engineering, exam which was all he needed to do to be able to work at a firm.
Ketch gives him the same unimpressed look he does when Cas does something he doesn’t approve of, but luckily he doesn't push the issue this time and moves on.
“Fuckkkk,” Dean curses through gritted teeth as he tries to navigate the blanket of white in front of him. He should just be thankful he thought ahead and took his truck instead of the Impala this morning. As much as he loves his Baby, that car is not meant for the snowy winters they tend to have. The roads haven’t been plowed yet so Dean does his best to follow the tracks in front of him from previous cars. He’s already running late but there is no way he is risking his, or other people’s, lives by speeding on the icy roads. The school will hold Emma for the few extra minutes it takes him to get there.
be singing, so don’t worry you won’t miss out on his beautiful voice. However, he will not be singing alone!” Ash pauses for dramatic effect, “That’s right, folks! We got a duet for you tonight!”
Castiel turns and sees a smirk on Dean’s lips, but he does as he is told and takes a sip. The sweet liquid hits his tongue and he realizes it is made exactly how he likes it. Confused, he looks back at Dean as they walk. “You drink your coffee with two sugars too?”
“Alright fellas, I got to head out but enjoy the party!” Chris announces giving Carol a chaste kiss in farewell.
There's no way a picture from 1842 with the Winters in it can be the same Mr. and Mrs. Winters. That doesn’t make any sense. But it has to be them! It looks exactly like them. Maybe the date is wrong? Castiel studies the picture again. He takes in the clothes and jewelry that matches with the 19th century style. Also the picture itself appears to be very old. Shocked Castiel puts the boxes back but holds onto the picture and rushes back down the stairs. He needs to find Dean.
“Dad, come on!” Emma calls from the other side of the pool area. Cas takes Dean’s hand and leads them over to where their daughters are waiting for them.
Dean leads them back to the bungalow the four of them have shared for the several months they have been living on the island. They find Emma sitting on her bed wringing her hands together. Her head snaps up at the sound of them walking through the door and there is so much hope in her eyes that disappears immediately when she realizes it's just them.
“Sure is! Missouri meet my little brother Sammy, his beautiful wife, Jess, and this sweet little monster is Mary,” Dean nods to each in turn, ignoring Sam’s mumbles about not being ‘Sammy’ anymore, and smiles as Mary giggles.
. Glitter in his hair, on his shirt, in his mouth. It's a disaster! When Liz finds the princess tiara her eyes light up and Dean starts protesting immediately. One look into those damn puppy dog eyes that they learned from their father has him caving in a matter of moments. So now Dean sits on the floor in a giant fluffy pink tutu, covered in glitter, and wearing a tiara.
“Your basic material, wood, roofing, plywood, you name it. Some tools and larger equipment. And some tiles, tables, chairs, beds, cabinets. Whatever came in on that first ship!” Jesse explains, pointing out boxes as he goes. “There’s some more back at the house that didn’t fit this time around so we figured we could unload this now and then head back and get the other stuff.”
“Turn it over,” there’s a hesitancy in his voice that sets Dean's suspicions climbing. He turns it over as told and sees faded writing at the bottom.
“Hang on, Charlie said my article got posted,” he mumbles quickly pulling up the magazine sight on his phone.
Sam hesitates so long that Dean worries the call is dropped before he hears a heavy sigh from the other side of the call. “Do you love me?”
Dean debated for a long time whether to invite Castiel this year. He figured Emma would love to have Claire join them and then inviting Castiel along too was a given. So far he hasn’t regretted that decision. Emma is happier than he has ever seen her and Dean has someone his own age he can talk with. Sure the lake is still sacred to him and this extended weekend trip with his daughter will always be special, but now he gets to share that with someone. It’s not the someone he thought he would share it with, since Cas is married and not to Dean, but it feels good to share this part of him with someone else.
Neither one knows how much time has passed when they finally pull apart, both breathing heavily with kiss swollen lips.They share a small smile. Dean brushes loose strands of Cas’ hair back from his forehead and kisses that spot just because he can. When he takes half a step back there is a beautiful light pink shade to Cas’ cheeks that causes Dean’s smile to grow with satisfaction.
It takes everything in his will power to not cave right there and then. Dean steels himself by closing his eyes and taking a deep breath before glancing back at Cas. “Yeah, I’d rather not. I’m going to go sleep with Benny tonight, don't wait up. And don’t bring Meg back to the villa with the girls there.”
“Sure,” he replies, climbing out of the sleigh. Dean offers a hand to help him down and to his great joy Cas accepts. Their hands clasped together as Cas steps down and they're about to exit when Chris pulls their attention back.
“Sounds good,” Cas replies, his voice kind of scratchy. Dean can’t tell if it's just the phone or from emotion. “Thank you Dean, I’m glad Claire felt safe enough to go to you.”
He's not sure how many hours have gone by or how many boxes he has gone through but he has found absolutely nothing. There's not a single piece of evidence in any of the boxes that will help his case in saving the inn. Castiel did find several creepy dolls and other decorations that he quickly shoved back into their box and placed on the other side of the room. He is about to give up for the night after he goes through one more box but pauses when he comes across something interesting. It's a picture. A very old picture if the clothing and the state of the photo itself is anything to go by. But what really catches his attention are the people in the picture.
They've been working for hours. They’re tired. They’re hungry. Maybe it's time to call it a day. With his mind made up Dean pushes Cas back again, keeping his hands on his shoulders and bending slightly to be at eye level.
It only takes a few minutes before the two of them are standing in front of classroom 2C. Dean peers inside and sees at least ten kids already in there, mingling. He sees a couple parents telling their kids goodbye too. A tight squeeze on his hand draws his attention and he glances down to see a worried look on Em’s face. The eight year old is no longer bouncing on her toes like she was the last time Dean looked at her. Now she is hiding behind his legs clutching onto him as if her life depended on it and worrying her lower lip, a nervous habit she picked up from Dean.
Dean reaches the room and slams the door behind him. With a silent apology to the door he leans against it and slides down until he's sitting on the floor. Pulling one knee towards his chest and the other leg splayed out he rests his head in his hands. He has no idea what causes him to open up to Cas about his mom. Dean doesn’t talk to anyone about his mom, that's just something he never brings up. Something about Cas though made him want to. Which is crazy! They don't even know each other! And he's pretty sure Cas hates him. Or did…
“A gummy bear!” He exclaims as he takes out a handful of mini gummy bear packs from his pocket. The kids make sounds of excitement and crowd around him wanting the sugary treats. Once all of the kids have their packet they watch the bears hanging around the exhibit. Dean finds himself drawn to the blue-eyed zookeeper and realizes they haven’t really talked much yet. He wanders over to stand shoulder to shoulder with the man, but finds himself unable to speak. Nothing comes to mind of what to say to the man and Dean is never one to not have words. In the past, he has always been able to turn on the charm whether he was talking to a man or woman. Cas here seems to render him speechless though.
A cool hand closes over his own, shocking Dean enough to open his eyes. Cas’ tan skin covering his pale white skin. Cas curls his fingers around Dean’s palm and starts rubbing soothing circles with his thumb on the back of Dean’s hand. Dean watches, unable to breathe for an entirely different reason now. It takes a while but Dean’s heart rate settles down to a more normal pace and he can breathe a little easier. Neither one of them has spoken a single word, content to sit in silence as Dean’s body finally calms down. His fingers unclench from the arm rest and his hand settles with Cas’ thumb still moving in small circles.
“Morning Cas!” Dean greets with a bright smile. Cas responds with a grunt before downing half his cup. Dean loves how grumpy Castiel is in the morning before he has his coffee, he reminds Dean of a cat that got woken up before he was ready. It really is adorable. Not wanting to show Castiel his article, Dean waits for Cas to wake up enough to say what he came over to say before Dean gets back to work.
Cas is working on his second Cosmic Cowboy beer when there’s a slight commotion towards the entrance. There’s too many people to see what’s going on, but knowing Ellen, it’ll be taken care of pretty quickly. No one messes around in her bar and gets away with it. Sure enough he can just barely make out Ellen storming to the door with an angry expression on her face. Cas chuckles a little and feels slightly bad for the person having to face that look directed full force on them.
“Thank you Dean! I’m quite proud of it, especially around this time of the year it can get quite busy.” Chris says with a chuckle.
“Anytime, now give the girl the keys so she can go back to that hotel of yours and tell the others everything is fine. Then you two are going to walk back and talk until you have worked through these issues of yours.”
Honestly Cas is still standing there in shock to feel any kind of way. Never once in the last eight years has Dean been this prepared with his students involvement. It’s actually pretty impressive if Cas really thought about it. He also has to admit the whole thing was kind of funny. Still irritating though he reminds himself trying not to cave to the other man's natural charm. Somehow, against his will, a small laugh does escape and it must catch the whole group by surprise because they go silent. Only for a moment though, because soon everyone is laughing again. Him and Dean both have a fond look in their eye when their gazes meet and they share a soft smile before turning their attention back to the students.
“Shush Sammy, you're on vacation and this little girl deserves some shaved iced, got it?” Dean frowns at his brother and then smiles at Mary. “Besides, Missouri only uses the good stuff! It's way better than the artificial sweetener crap they have back in the states.”
“How falling in love made me believe in Christmas magic again. By Dean Winchester,” he says out loud quietly. Honestly, Dean isn’t sure when it happened but he really did go and fall in love with Cas. His smile never leaves his face and his heart skips a beat at the idea of Cas reading his article. Which reminds him he has to get Cas to read it first in case he doesn’t return his feelings and Dean doesn’t embarrass himself in front of everyone. Cas feels the same right? It's not all in Dean’s head? There's only one way to find out, so Dean goes in search of the man he has come to love.
Dean glances at him out of the corner of his eye. The joyful singing man is now gone, replaced by someone much more serious. Castiel almost regrets asking the question and being the cause of Dean's mood change.
“Hey there little Mary, how are you?” he asks, tightening his arms around her and standing up. He grunts a little under the weight. She keeps growing and pretty soon he won't be able to pick her up anymore.
A deep chuckle sounds to his left and Dean turns his head just slightly to see Cas looking over his shoulder at the burgers. The simple touch of Cas’ hand has tingles shooting all through Dean's body. He fights back the urge to tense up, or even worse, relax back into the welcoming heat of Castiel’s body.
“Absolutely!” Before he knows it, he has a refreshing cold beer sitting in front of him. He takes a sip and finds he enjoys it quite a bit. There's a hint of pineapple and grapefruit that give a very refreshing taste.  Instantly he takes another sip, already thinking of ordering a second one since he likes it so much. As he drinks he lets his eyes wander around the rest of the bar. He can see Ash setting up the karaoke stage and the sign up sheet with five people already standing around it wanting to sing. Cas decides he will finish his beer then head over to put his name down on the list.
“Hey man, how's it going?” A smile pulls at Dean's lips, his mood already improving. They don’t know each other very well but at least Dean doesn’t have to work with Michael or Chuck himself.
Like having Cas sitting next to him in the sand on a beach looking out at the setting sun going down over the deep blue ocean with their shoulders pressed against each other and Cas letting his head rest against Dean's.
Dean will forever be grateful for the day when the Novaks came into their lives. He takes in the sight of the two young women in front of him. They've come a long way since the first time they met.
The sound startles both Dean and Cas. They look around until Cas’ gaze stops on a man walking their way. Dean takes a moment to take in the man's dark hair perfectly styled and the perfectly tailored gray suit. The man eyes Dean through icy blue eyes and there's a challenge there that Dean doesn’t quite understand.
“The captain did say that we are in for a bumpy flight due to some weather,” Castiel (un)helpfully provides. Dean’s glare is his only response.
“Of course Cas,” Dean says through his own emotions clogging his throat. He can feel tears pricking at the back of his eyes again.
Cas looks at the boy completely confused as to what he could mean. Do the cats dance? The kids start laughing and pointing at something to Cas’ left. When he turns to see what caught their attention he finds Dean dancing like a complete dork. Cas stares in complete shock at the spectacle in front of him. Dean goes from doing the robot to the running man to some other dance move that Cas finds a hard time even being real. He’s not sure how the teacher does it but even when he’s being a complete dork and should be entirely unattractive Dean still finds a way of being the most beautiful person Cas has ever seen. It really is not fair in the slightest.
When people grumble in response instead of more yelling, Charlie lets go of another heavy sigh before transforming into her normal cheery self. “Now who wants to know their assignments?”
They set up the sleeping bags with the two girls in the middle and the men on the outside. It makes the most sense to Dean and Cas doesn't say anything about it so he assumes everything is good. The rest of the day is spent sitting on the rocks by the lake watching the girls splash around. Claire manages to catch a garter snake slithering in the reeds which instantly freaks Cas out. Dean assures him that the snake is harmless to humans and can actually be quite friendly. They’re just very curious creatures.
“Oh don’t worry about that! Carol found a couple of my old suits for the two of you. They should be up in your room and tailored to fit you as well,” Chris explains happily. Relief floods Dean until he starts to wonder what Carol managed to find for them. Knowing Chris and his normal wardrobe choices, the suits are probably a bright red. Red is really not Dean's color unless it’s a darker shade like his favorite over shirt. He’s been told he looks very sexy whenever he wears it and starts to wonder what Cas would think. Dean really should’ve packed that shirt for this trip! Then again he had no idea he would go and fall in love with Cas and want to impress him every second of the day.
He takes a sip of his coffee he picked up from one of the many stands in the airport. The taste causes him to wince and pout as he stares at the plain cup. Castiel would do just about anything for the coffee from the inn. He misses the coffee Dean made him each morning.
“You two share a bed! You stare at each other as if nobody else exists in the world! You are seriously telling me you guys aren't hooking up?” Meg stares at him incredulously. Dean shakes his head again. “How the hell have you not hit that yet Winchester?”
“I’m sorry to hear about the inn closing down Mrs. Winters,” Castiel says sincerely. Dean nods his head in agreement. Even if he doesn’t believe her completely it is sad to see the inn go down so that a new more modern hotel can take its place.
“Hey Clarence, got some bad news for ya,” she says while leaning in the doorway. Cas raises an eyebrow, waiting for her to continue. “I can’t go with you tonight. Ruby said she has plans for me and there is no way in hell am I passing that opportunity up.”
Realizing he still doesn’t know why his brother called, worry starts to set in, “Seriously Sam, what’s going on?”
“No I mean would you want to go with me?” Dean asks, unable to look Cas in the eye any longer. Silence meets his question though so he risks a glance up and finds Castiel smiling at him softly.
“Yes home,” The British man continues. “I want you to come meet my parents back in New York and we can have the big family Christmas we were planning on. What do you say?”
They stay like that for several more minutes. Thankfully the diner is pretty empty so no one is staring at them or giving hateful looks towards Dean.
“You’re gay?” Cas almost shouts. Dean quickly shushes him making sure they didn't wake up any of the other guests. “Sorry, but you’re gay?”
“They’ve seen how hard everything has been on Cas and how much it is draining him to keep up with Amelia's rehab, care and relapses. Of course, they have helped as much as Cas would allow them, which isn’t much. Somehow they finally convinced him to let go a little bit and give them the responsibility to care for their daughter,” Dean explains.
“Every single one,” Chris states. He's so sincere that Dean believes him. The two of them continue rifling through the letters. Some of them make Dean laugh with what kids are asking for nowadays. One little girl, Emma, wants a purple and pink unicorn named Sparkles. Jake wants a different puppy for every day of the week and Abby wants an actual samurai sword. Dean would also love an actual samurai sword, but doesn’t think those are very easy to come by.
He shifts his gaze a little to the left and can see Claire staring out the window watching the trees fly by. She hasn’t said a single word this whole trip. Emma has talked non stop about anything and everything, but Claire has just sat there quietly. Observing the world around her. She is a lot like her father in that way. They both like to watch the world around them and are perfectly content to sit in silence for hours on end. Whereas Dean and Emma can’t stand the quiet for too long and always need to fill the empty air with something. Dean prefers music and Emma prefers her own voice.
When they reach the dock there is no sign of Claire's long blonde curls anywhere. Dean and Cas split up and start asking the locals if they have seen Claire. They have been on the island long enough for everyone to know them. Everyone gives them the same answer, they haven’t seen her since the last time all of them had been there last week. Dean watches as the panic and worry settles on Cas’ shoulders more and more as time passes.
Richard Roman. Castiel doesn’t really like the guy, but he does like his job so he doesn’t ever say anything. Roman Magazine is one of the top magazines in the state, even the country, and Castiel has had the honor of writing for them for a few years now. Also having to hardly ever deal directly with Roman is a huge plus in his books. Most of the work falls onto his assistance’s shoulders. Who also happens to be Castiel’s best friend. He can see the redhead enter the room directly behind Roman and take her seat by the door. She sends him a quick wink before turning her attention to the tablet in her lap.
The rest of the day passes in a blur of pool and beach fun. Benny and Jo come back with a delicious looking dinner which causes Dean to moan at the first taste. Man if he had known Benny was this good of a chef earlier he would have forced the man to chase his dream years ago. The group of friends enjoy their meal around the poolside fireplace sharing stories and just talking to each other. Laughter fills the night air and Dean couldn’t be happier. Also Meg is nowhere to be found so Dean has absolutely nothing to complain about. Except maybe the fact that Cas just looks so damn beautiful in the moonlight and Dean can’t seem to pull his eyes away even for a second.
Cas stares at him in shock. Dean is now standing in front of his friend pointing a finger into his chest and breathing heavily. There is only a few inches between them and the air around them is stifling. Taking a deep breath, Dean steps back and surveys the room again.
The onslaught of information takes Cas by surprise. He expected maybe one fact, not one from almost every kid. What is really surprising is that all of the information is correct. He has never had a group that has known so much about lions before. He turns to Dean and finds the man with a sheepish look on his face.
Just the thought of Cas finding someone else to spend the rest of his life with rips Dean’s heart out. Up until this point Cas has been unavailable because he has been married. When Castiel first brought up the divorce to Dean it gave him a little bit of hope that maybe they could have a future together. Something more than what they already have. As soon as that thought flew through his head, he shot it down. Just because Cas is soon to be single doesn’t mean he will want to be with Dean. He knows Cas swings both ways just like him, they talked about their college experiences. For Cas it was an exploratory time of his life after growing up in a very religious household and for Dean it was finally a chance to be himself away from his homophobic father.
“Thank you Dean,” Cas replies and actually takes a sip this time. He closes his eyes and hums in satisfaction. Dean smirks, satisfied himself, and returns his attention to the delicious meal sitting in front of him. The two men sit in silence, Dean eating and Castiel sipping his coffee. At some point Carol comes over with a plate of crepes topped with strawberries and whipped cream and some bacon for Castiel. He looks up and gives her a gummy smile in thanks before taking a bite of bacon. Just as Dean is about to take his own bite of bacon Chris comes their way with a concerned look on his face which causes Dean to pause.
Dean chuckles, “I know sweetheart, but you also know how your dad is. He is one of the most selfless people I know and always feels when something goes wrong it's his fault. I think he has always been that way and has taken a lot of the things that happened with your mom so hard. Cas felt like it was his responsibility to provide for his family and make sure everyone is happy and healthy. That's an impossible job though. I think he’s finally coming to understand that.”
“Fresh pot ready for you two if you want some,” he offers with a small nod before settling on one of the bench seats. Cas stands on wobbly legs then stumbles into the boat without saying a word or looking at Dean. If it were anyone else Dean would wonder if he did something wrong, but this is pretty normal behavior for Cas in the mornings. There is still a part of him that wonders if their accidental cuddle session will become an issue between them. He doesn’t think so. There have been times when they were at Dean’s place, sat on the couch watching a movie and they both ended up falling asleep. Usually with one of them resting their head on the other's shoulder. That never caused any issues between them and this shouldn’t be any different. At least that's what Dean tells himself as he gets up to get his own mug of coffee.
“Awesome,” Dean leans in and gives Cas a soft kiss before pulling back. “Oh, you forgot your coffee on the counter this morning, so I thought I would bring it to you at the start of the tour, but then I got too excited to annoy you all day and forgot it on the bus. It’s probably not good anymore huh?”
“Speaking of fast cats! I have a question for you guys,” Dean interrupts him. Cas sends him a glare wishing that he could smite the man here and now. Since he can’t do that, he lets the teacher have his fun this time. “Why did the cat get disqualified from the race?”
“I don't…” Castiel hesitates. This is everything he wanted. He frantically looks around for Dean hoping for some clarity in the other man but he’s nowhere to be seen.
“I think I love you too,” Cas smiles so big Dean can see his gums and the crinkles around his eyes. He is so freaking beautiful and all Dean can do is smile back. He steps out onto the porch right into Cas’ personal space and brings a hand up to cup Cas’ cheek.
“Mr. Winchester,” Castiel ignores the stupid animal pun. It’s the same one that he has been greeted with the last eight years. The worst part is, it’s not the only one he will hear today! Dean has a never-ending list of stupid animal puns that he puts to use just to annoy Castiel. Ok, that's not exactly true, he tells them to entertain the kids and annoy Castiel. The first year the teacher only had a few and they mostly confused Cas. Then the second year it happened again but with more and they annoyed him. This continues on for eight years with new animal puns each time, so Castiel strives to do his best at ignoring them as much as possible. Unfortunately it never works. The more he ignores them the harder Dean tries to get him to crack. Not this year though. Castiel is so sure that he will not give in to the teacher's antics and will focus solely on the kids. He can’t say the same for his coworkers though as they both giggle at the man in front of them. A quick glare from Cas thankfully shuts them up instantly.
Dean nods and turns back to where Meg is standing in the hall a few doors down. It surprises Dean to see actual worry and concern on the small woman’s face. Her dark eyes flash up to meet his own and he knows she heard everything. “Meg, can you tell the others to keep an eye out for Claire? Tell them to keep working but just to stay on the lookout for her.”
“Mr. Dean, stop! You’re going to make me puma pants!” Another big exclaimed while pointing at the next habitat with two black pumas resting in it. That seemed to be the last straw for the kids because suddenly there were eight kids and one grown man (definitely not Castiel, that’s for sure) laughing out loud and clutching their sides. Eventually when the group starts to settle Dean gives both boys a high five thanking them for their role in his shenanigans. He then looks back at Cas with sparkling green eyes and Cas can’t even pretend to be mad or irritated with the man.
“Hellloooooooo Sasquatch,” Gabriel slides right up to Sam with a flirty smirk on his face causing Dean to roll his eyes.
By the time Friday night rolls around, Dean has worked himself into a nervous wreck. He doesn’t quite understand why. Dean is usually the type of guy who can turn on the charm, with men and women, by flipping a switch. It comes naturally for him, always has. With Castiel though, Dean doesn’t even know if he can make it to the bar tonight. Doubts wash in causing Dean to rethink everything. He doesn’t even know the guy! The only information Dean has on the zookeeper is just that, he works at the zoo. Ok, that isn’t entirely true. Dean knows the man is amazing with kids, is incredibly smart and knows a ton about his animals, doesn’t understand most jokes and references, and is the most gorgeous man Dean has ever laid eyes on. If it weren’t for Gabe’s comment on Cas’ attraction to Dean then he probably would have moved on by now. But no, now there's this sliver of hope and it is driving Dean crazy.
“Seriously they couldn't splurge on a better quality shampoo and conditioner?” Ketch complains from the bathroom. Castiel rolls his eyes not bothering to acknowledge the other man with anything more. For what feels like the hundredth time in the last five minutes Castiel checks his phone for the time. 11:59. One more minute. He glances out the window back at the night sky waiting for something to happen.
“My mom taught me when I was a kid and told me the way to a person's heart is either through food or music,” Dean says quietly. His mom taught him to cook, bake, and dance. Dean’s singing isn’t too bad either.
The ocean spray hits Dean’s face every once in a while, leaving a salty taste to his lips when he licks them. Which is a lot more often than normal because Cas thought the boat ride would be the perfect time to lay out on the deck and tan,
“Oh yeah, I’m over at the Thompson residence and we got a question about the framing of the south wall with the big glass windows,” Dean explains. Cas is so quick and efficient in answering all of Dean’s questions, the conversation is almost over before it even begins. “Damn Cas, you really know your stuff.”
They look the exact same as if they haven’t aged a day since that picture was taken. Which doesn’t make any sense because the picture looks to be at least a century old. Castiel flips the picture around and sees the date in the bottom right corner.
“Oh yes, one minute please!” Becky says before putting him on hold. Dean lets out a sigh of relief, thankful to be done talking with the receptionist. A few moments go by before the line goes through again and a familiar voice answers.
“Charlie, I’m serious, I’m fine. This is never the best time of the year for me, but I think that is why I need to go out and do this Aspen piece. It’ll take my mind off things for a while,” He says, somewhat convincingly he feels like. If Charlie's suspicious stare is anything to go off of though, maybe it wasn’t as convincing a play as he thought it’d be.
“Oh that’s wonderful! Just in time for the festival! You are planning on going yes?” Carol looks at him expectantly, like he really doesn’t get a choice in the matter.
Every morning he wakes up with Cas wrapped in his arms or him safely cocooned in Cas’. They spend the days working on bringing their dream to life, Cas directing everyone on what needs to be done and Dean making sure it gets done. There were many tears and more arguments than Dean would like to admit, but they took Missouri’s words to heart and promised to talk through their problems when they arise. They both still struggle with it sometimes and constantly have to remind themselves what really matters. In the end Dean gets to go to bed with the love of his life every night and he couldn’t be happier.
Not sure what the other man means by that Castiel continues walking down the pathway taking in all of the different shops lining the street. He sees chocolate shops and souvenir shops and probably the coffee shop Dean was talking about.
“I don’t want to hear your complaints. Just know that if you do your job correctly then you have nothing to worry about,” Roman continues with that same sneer. “With that, I leave you Charlie’s hands for assignment distribution for the next issue. Remember, this may be our last meeting with everyone present. Oh, and happy holidays or whatever.”
Dean stands frozen in place. Still too shocked to even will his feet into motion. He watches Cas walk away further and further. Watches Cas walk out of his life step by step, all because Dean couldn’t say three stupid words back to him. Three words that Dean should’ve told him years ago. It takes several minutes for Dean’s brain to process everything and to get his body back under control. Once he can take a step forward he starts sprinting after Cas.
“Why do you think that?” Dean asks cautiously. He knows he has to be very careful with his words moving forward, knowing one thing said the wrong way will cause Claire to completely shut down.
Dean’s not sure if his words are meant to convince Cas or himself that they will be okay, but either way it works. Dean has a bit more confidence that this wasn’t the worst mistake of their lives and Cas actually has a small upturn to his lips. It’s hard to see, but Dean knows it's there and it makes him smile in return. He throws his arm around his friend's shoulders and leads him out of the cleaned out villa to watch the sun setting over the horizon. They join Benny and the girls sitting on the beach and enjoy the simple moment of peace. Tomorrow they have work to do, but right now they can enjoy a little calm.
“Claire?” Cas’ rough voice comes from the open doorway. Dean lets go of Claire and turns to see Cas, relief clearly written all over his face.
Cas looks like wants to argue but an impatient clearing of a throat behind him cuts him off. Dean gives him one last smile then turns and walks out the door. The cold burst of air prickles at his face and causes his eyes to water slightly. At least that's what Dean tells himself since he doesn’t want to admit he just got his heart broken and all he wants to do is sit down and cry. He takes a deep breath and walks around the property. It was obvious Ketch and Cas weren't planning on staying at the inn and there's no way Dean can go back up to the room yet if Cas is gathering his stuff. So Dean spends the next hour wandering with no destination in mind.
“Thanks to the Winters Inn, falling in love was the greatest Christmas miracle I could’ve ever asked for.”
“Conch?” Dean questions. He’s never tried conch before and isn’t so sure he wants to. Cesar leads them to a slightly rundown building with an open front and Dean’s mouth waters at the smell. If conch tastes as good as it smells then he is really excited to try it. Cesar orders from them, exchanging friendly words with the owner, making it clear they know each other well.
“No. I just can’t wait until we're there!” she exclaims with a huge smile. Dean chuckles quietly and agrees with his daughter, he can't wait until they're there either.
Morning comes early after a late night of family and good food. Dean and Emma stand on the pier with morning mist surrounding them watching the boat come in. They can just barely make out people waving from the deck; assuming it's Sam and his family, they wave back. This is the first time Sam has had the chance to visit the island and Dean is dying to show him everything. The place is beautiful and they have seen a lot over the last several months.
Claire reaches for the purple pencil and Emma hands it over and watches as Claire gets to work on her own addition. She sticks her tongue out a little to the side and her brows pull together in concentration. Dean watches with amusement twinkling in his eyes and wonders if Cas does the same thing when he is focused on a task. He could see it. Just from the brief interactions they have at pickup and drop off Dean can tell Cas is a pretty serious man and takes most things literally. Dean has seen him tilt his head and furrow his brows in confusion many times when Dean makes a joke or references something in pop culture.
“She's right boys,” Missouri says from the other side of the counter by the back door of her shop. “You two need to work through your problems because there are a lot more people at risk of getting hurt this time.”
Dean thinks back to the day he agreed to go along with Cas’ spontaneous idea. Looking back he wishes he would’ve asked more questions, including if his friend was thinking clearly. There isn’t a single part of Dean that regrets saying okay though. Even if Cas is going through a midlife crisis Dean will always be there to support him. It's months later when Dean finally stops asking Cas if he's sure he wants to go through with this. Cas gives the same answer every time, he has never been more sure about anything in his life.
“Umm…” Dean trails off not sure how to answer and he rubs at the back of his neck awkwardly. Another one of his nervous gestures that Cas has picked up on the last few days.
They sit in silence, Dean lost in his thoughts and trying not to crumble. He knows Cas deserves someone better, but Dean wants to be selfish. At the same time though, he wants what's best for his friend. If it's not him and Cas is happy at the end of the day, then who is Dean to stand in his way?
“That's because it is,” Dean answers simply. Castiel tilts his head in question. “I brought that back for you dumbass. It's how you like it right?”
“Cas, are you busy? I wanted to ask you something,” Dean turns his attention to the dark-haired man.
“I didn’t…” Cas trails off as the headline pops up. “How two writers found Christmas magic just in time to save a historic inn. By Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester.”
“Dean, I need to get out of that town! I’ve been there my whole life working at the bar with mom or doing construction with you and Bobby. This gives me the chance to break out and do something for me. If it doesn't work out here then I can just move back home, you wouldn’t fire me right?”  Jo looks panicked for a second and Dean instantly reaches a hand out to calm her.
“No, it's ok. I like it,” Castiel says with a small upward twitch of his lips. “No one has really given me a nickname before, or more accurately one that I actually like.”
“Dean?” Cas asks, bringing Dean back to the present. It’s clear by the worry etched into Cas’ face that this isn’t the first time he’s tried to catch Dean’s attention. “You wanted to ask me something?”
Claire has changed the most over the years, but no one can blame her for that, she's been through a lot. When the two girls first met Claire wanted nothing to do with school. It was Emma’s love for learning at their young age that encouraged Claire to try more. Claire took it a step further and decided she wanted to be the best. Now she is at the top of her class taking almost all advanced classes to gain college credit and thriving. Dean and Cas both couldn’t be prouder of their girls and they don't want to do anything that will risk the hardwork and dedication they have put into their high school experience.
By the time Castiel joins him Dean is working on his second plate. This one is filled with pancakes, some fruit, and yes, more bacon. Dean takes in the other man's appearance. He looks as put together as he normally does, no tie this morning and his hair is slightly more tame than when Dean saw him earlier. Cas also looks well rested unlike Dean who is still trying to get the krink out of his neck from sleeping on the roll away.
Cas calls Cesar and Jesse, letting them know they made it safely and are ready for some of the materials they had shipped to the island ahead of time. Dean and Benny had packed the majority of their tools with them luckily, so they get to work while Cas waits for the other materials to arrive. At one point (while up on the roof since he lost to Benny in rock paper scissors) Dean sees Cas giving the girls a tour of the place. The man is using big hand gestures and points excitedly at many different things as he talks through their plan. It makes Dean happy seeing his friend so excited about this even if he knows it’s going to be a complete nightmare to get everything done.
Once everyone knows what they’re doing, Dean leads Cas to the truck and they take off towards the small town by the docks. The two men are silent on the short drive to town and it's not their usual comfortable silence that Dean has come to love and cherish over the years. It breaks a piece of his heart not knowing if they can ever get that back. He knows the two of them need to talk and Dean knows it will go one of two ways. Either Cas returns his feelings and they can move forward in their relationship or he can lose Cas forever which would destroy Dean beyond repair. He would prefer the former to happen, but won't allow himself too much hope.
“I remember that article!” Cas exclaims with a smile. “It was so thrilling and terrifying, like I was up in the air with you. I remember feeling my own heartbeat pounding and not being able to finish the article right away. It was so well written that I read it two more times after that though. I think my favorite one is when you went diving with the sharks. The imagery you used painted the picture so well. It was beautiful.”
Once outside Dean takes a moment to compose himself. The air is a bit cooler outside of the tent so Dean grabs one of the spare blankets he keeps in the car and sets up his coffee pot. As he waits for it to brew over the mini propane stove, he wraps the blanket around his shoulders to stave off the brisk wind blowing through the camp. The sound of a zipper catches Dean’s attention and he turns around to find a bleary eyed Cas making his way out of the tent. Cas stumbles his way over to Dean without saying a word and grabs his own mug before standing there glaring at the coffee pot. The sight is adorable and Dean can’t help smiling.
“Here,” Cas finally says, thrusting a piece of paper in Dean's direction. Only it’s not a piece of paper but a really old photograph. Dean studies the picture confused why Cas would give him this.
“Huh, alright cool. Well I’m happy for you guys!” he exclaims honestly. Dean really is happy for his friends, but it also makes him worry a little bit. With Jo, Benny, and Charlie all staying back on the island after the renovation is done, it doesn’t leave many of Dean’s friends back home. Cas would be his only close friend left and he doesn't even know if he can continue that friendship. In a year Emma will be gone too, off to college living her life and forgetting all about her old man. After she leaves Dean will really be left with nobody and that scares the shit out of him.
“My mom was amazing in every way. I told you what happened to her but what I didn't tell you was that she died the week before Christmas that year. It destroyed our family. My dad was a mess and ended up spending the holiday drowning in booze at some bar while Sammy and I sat at home. We refused to celebrate that year because it just didn't seem right. The next year though we were doing better, Dad was still a bit of a mess, but he was at least somewhat present. Bobby, my dad’s best friend and basically our uncle, came and spent the holidays with us.
It takes the rest of the year to plan everything for the big move. Dean had no idea the amount of work that has to go in when dealing with the whole process. The amount of permits and tests and licenses that are needed to renovate the hotel on the island is insane. Castiel is determined though and Dean is willing to do anything in his power to help, so they get it done. Cas passes all of his necessary tests and gets all of the licences he needs to be the designer and engineer on the project. Dean makes sure he will have all of the needed tools and crew members to get all of the work done.
“Alright, here is what we are going to do. We are going to leave this how it is and call it a day. I’m going to tell the rest of the crew to go home and take the rest of the day off and the same for tomorrow. Sammy is coming early in the morning and then we are all going to take the girls out and go do something fun, okay?” Dean says.
“Not a problem,” Benny replies, leading the way down to the boat. A few minutes later they are all piled on the boat and heading south towards the caves. With the fresh sea breeze blowing against his face Dean feels a hundred times better already than he did the day before. He has almost all of his family and closest friends with him and they're going to have an amazing day.
“I’m sure I could find something for you, although it’ll be hard to find any real proof. I’ll check with Chris, though, to see if we have any documents or anything that’ll help you.”
Luckily, since it is technically a school day, the course isn’t too crowded. There is a group a couple holes ahead with younger kids and the mom keeps glaring at Dean when he makes loud whooping noises whenever he gets the ball in the hole.
Dean finds himself sitting out in the sand in front of the villa, watching the waves once again. He’s hoping that the continuous movement of the water will help settle him a bit before the day really starts. The sun is just starting to rise behind him, hitting the water with a splash of bright color. He sits quietly for a while, just observing the world around him and wishing he had some coffee to help wake him up. As if summoned, by some miracle, a fresh mug of coffee appears in front of his face. Shocked, Dean looks up to find a bleary eyed Cas holding two mugs and looking at him expectantly. With slightly shaky hands Dean reaches up for his mug and brings it to his face, breathing in the delicious aroma with a content hum. Cas sits down beside him, so that their shoulders brush when one takes a sip of their coffee.
Cas startles slightly, turning his head to look at Dean through bright blue eyes. “I think this was a good idea.”
“Of course he does, maybe he will keep his for a couple decades like you did!” Castiel teases before turning around and walking out the store. He hears Dean huff a laugh behind him and feels the man fall into step next to him. Castiel tries to hide his smile, but gives up after a few seconds. He’s happy, like truly happy, for the first time in a long time and he’s going to relish that for as long as he can.
“It really was just a kiss. Like I said, it didn’t mean anything,” Cas says, his voice also steeled and void of any emotion.
Dean is one of the most loving human beings he has ever met and the man has so much happiness that just radiates off of him when he's surrounded by those he loves. Cas feels honored to be able to witness this side of Dean and bask in the pure sunshine that is Dean Winchester. It's clear to see that everyone loves Dean in return. The two little girls never leave him alone and listen intently when Dean tells them stories. When it's their turn to tell their stories Dean is all ears and gives all of his attention to them. Mary shows them her favorite Christmas story and practically begs Bobby to read it for them.
“You know about our plans to renovate the hotel down in the Bahamas, but we haven’t really talked about what you guys are going to do during that time,” he explains.
“Surprise!” Dean says and signs when he catches sight of her. Castiel assumes the woman must be Eileen, Sam’s wife, that Dean was telling him about.
Cas freezes in place and turns towards Dean. Even from a distance Dean can see the panic on his friend's face. Instantly on edge, Dean rushes over, gripping Cas by the shoulders and taking stock of the other man, searching for what possibly could be wrong.
“Four days ago?” Dean replies looking at Castiel for confirmation. Has it really only been four days since they’ve been there?
“So Cas,” Dean finally says, breaking the silence. “Tell me more about this transition from architecture to engineering.”
Claire studies him for a moment. He forces himself not to break eye contact and to show her how much she is loved and wanted. Finally she nods her head and goes in for another hug. Dean allows himself to relax, knowing the hard part is over and that most things will be alright. The divorce won’t be easy on any of them, especially Claire, but they’ll get through it. When they pull apart for the last time, Dean grabs his food and slides it closer before shoving a few, now cold, fries into his mouth.
Confused Dean looks at Cas not quite understanding yet, “But when you were just talking to Gabe he looked at me and did not look happy at all.”
She must decide on something because her face lights up with an idea. “You know what I think? I think it’ll be good for you to meet someone new! Maybe someone in Colorado.” She does a little eyebrow wiggle that totally does not suit her in the slightest. “You need to be open to try new things! Let your hair down and enjoy life for once!”
Yes. Dean nods his head. Finally able to take in his surroundings again Dean forces his eyes away from the pair of lips and instead focuses on a pair of bright blue eyes.
Benny helps him remove the existing windows and doors since Cas wants to replace all of them with new hurricane glass. When they find a broken window towards the back of the villa Dean understands why Cas insisted on the expensive windows. Claire helps them in any way she can, usually handing them a specific tool they need or holding something steady for them. She asks a ton of questions, which they answer, and Dean is happy to see her enjoying it. They were a little worried that the girls would get bored with nothing really for them to do, but Dean is more than happy to have the extra hands.
“Oh that’s right,” Castiel had almost forgotten that the inn will be torn down within the next year. It’s so unfortunate that this beautiful historic inn will be replaced by a generic motel with none of this charm or history.
“Dammit Cas!” Dean reaches out a hand and grips Castiel’s shoulders to turn him. Before Cas can protest, Dean’s lips find his in a crushing bruising kiss that is years overdue. Dean pulls away, too soon in his opinion, but he knows he needs to get these words out before they can go any further. “I have loved you for years. I just never thought you could ever love me back.”
“It's keeping me distracted so yes I do seriously have to play this right now,” Dean replies with equal agitation in his voice. Can’t the guy just leave him and his misery alone?
“My mom taught me when I was a kid,” Dean replies easily. “We used to go every winter back in Kansas. She loved the feeling being on the ice gave her. It was like a whole different world and she was so happy whenever we went.”
“You’re the best, Clarence!” Meg says, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek before running out the door.
“I just need time Dean,” Cas says, his voice thick and Dean wonders if he has been crying. He can’t see his face so there is no way to tell for sure. “I’ll move into a different villa and we can just finish this project and be done with it.”
Blinking up at him, as if he's shocked someone is talking to him, the man replies. “Oh um, yes I am. Long morning is all.”
As carefully as he can he starts to shift away from Dean and he almost succeeds in escaping when a tired groan sounds from behind him causing him to freeze. Dean grumbles, but doesnt wake up, instead he reaches for the pillow Castiel was using and hugs it to his chest. Castiel almost melts at the sight of the adorable man clutching the pillow to himself. He forces himself to look away and return to the task at hand. If he takes one more long look at the gorgeous sleeping man in the bed before he walks out the door no one needs to know.
Dean shakes his head and decides he should take one more walk around town since they probably won't have time before they leave. He heads back up to the room to see if Cas would want to join him but the other man is nowhere to be found. With a slight frown on his face, Dean grabs his jacket and heads out into the snowy streets. He stops at the coffee shop for one to go and a couple bags to take back with him. The owner is also nice enough to give him information on how he can order some all the way from New York which Dean is incredibly grateful for since all other coffee is officially ruined for him.
“Who founded the inn?” Castiel asks. Dean is impressed he is able to keep any disbelief or anything else that may come across hurtful from his tone. He himself would have scoffed and probably hurt Carol’s feelings.
A noise from the kitchen draws his attention and sure enough there is Cas with his face buried for once not in a book but actually in the fridge. The guy is even wearing the complementary pajamas that match his perfectly! Dean’s gotta admit Cas’ ass looks amazing in them too. Does Deans look that good? The way he’s bent over right now with the fabric pulled tight over a thick muscled butt and thighs. Frowning at himself Dean forces his attention back on Castiel. Since Cas hasn’t heard him yet Dean sneaks over to the other side of the fridge door and waits for him to close it. When it happens he is so not disappointed.
“Did you not like my jokes then? Because if they were rude or disrespectful to you or the animals I can stop, I just thought the kids might enjoy them,” Dean says slightly embarrassed.
Dean and Cas spend the time playing with Mary in the small pond off to the side. Watching Cas play with his four year old niece just does something to Dean. He has always known Cas is good with kids. Cas has always been great with both Claire and Emma. Dean wishes he could’ve seen Cas with Claire when she was a toddler. He bets Claire had him wrapped around her little finger and Cas could never deny the little girl anything with those big blue eyes of hers. It's easy to imagine with Mary’s little blonde curls and Cas’ big gummy smile.
Dean nods his head slowly, looking down at the bottle in his hand and peeling the label a little bit. “Yeah, kinda caught him and Meg going at it in his office today.”
“I know, but I will have the promotion I’ve been waiting for by then and I’ll be able to take the time off,” he replies easily hoping it’s enough to satisfy his brother for now.
“Hi, welcome to the EmClaire Hotel.” Charlie greets from the front desk as yet another happy couple walks into the hotel lobby.
. God it has been years since he has felt any kind of intimacy like simply holding hands. He's not a saint by any means. There are one night stands every once and awhile when he has the time.
Letting a heavy sigh go Dean looks around the room and his attention catches on Chris studying the picture from earlier. Dean watches the man look at the picture with a fond expression and with something that looks like reminiscence which doesn't make any sense at all considering the picture is from 1842. Chirs takes the picture and safely secures it in one of his jacket's inner pockets before turning his attention back to one of his helpers.
“I didn’t think it mattered okay!” Dean argues, a little bit of anger creeping into his voice that tells Castiel to back off. “I'm sorry.”
“I’m coming Em,” Dean replies, trailing after his daughter. He absolutely loves her enthusiasm, but it's times like these that Dean wishes she would slow down, just a little bit.
“Huh, didn't see that coming,” Dean muses looking between his two friends. “Since when has this been going on?”
“Dean,” there is so much emotion in Cas’ voice. Dean opens his eyes, not even realizing he had shut them at some point. Bright blue orbs stare up at him in awe with so many emotions swirling in the endless deep blue pools.
“Hey kiddos I have a joke for all you,” Dean announces to the group. Here it comes, the teacher does this every year and the kids love it each time. “What do you call a bear with no teeth?”
They reach the room and with an unhappy groan Dean flops back onto the uncomfortable mattress. Castiel moves around the room as Dean tries to get comfortable and fails. Not a single position he tries works. If he lays in the center there is a spring that digs into his back but the mattress is old and caves into the middle causing Dean to end up there no matter what.
“Awesome.” Dean rolls up the sleeves of his flannel and heads to the back to start grabbing some boxes. Between the five of them the work is done quickly and the boxes are separated into two sections, things for Dean and things for Cas. Emma comes over and helps Cas organize all of the things that will go inside while Dean and Benny get to work on sorting their materials. Claire joins them and acts as a shadow, watching them work on the roof.
“It's from a local shop here in town! I’ll give you the address later and you can go pick some up if you would like.”
Really, it shouldn’t have surprised him. Each year the local elementary school sends their third grade class out to the zoo for a tour of the animals. This has been going on for the last eight years and Cas was the lucky one who got chosen to lead the tour the very first year it happened. Since then he has done all of them. Don’t get him wrong, he absolutely adores kids and loves giving tours! It’s the kids’ teacher that is the difficult part of this day.
“Awesome!” Dean says excitedly grabbing his bags and hurrying out of the small airport. With a heavy sigh, Castiel grabs his bags and follows the others outside.
“Yeah I know what’s on the line here, but seriously there is a whole town out there to explore and you haven’t even left the inn!” Dean argues. He’s not wrong. Castiel hasn’t even stepped foot outside but there are so many books in the inn for him to read and it’s easier to do his research and write in the same place at the same time. Apparently getting impatient of waiting for an answer Dean continues. “Alright I’ll bite. Tell me one interesting fact that you’ve learned from reading your stupid books.”
Dean bristles and steps around Cas to keep walking back to the hotel. “Whatever. I’m spending the night at Benny’s again so do whatever you want. Just make sure the girls aren’t at the villa when you bring Meg back.”
Many hours later, Dean wakes slowly with his arm completely numb and a warm weight pressed along his side. Flexing his fingers in an attempt to get some feeling back, they brush through soft strands of hair. It feels nice, so Dean continues to move his fingers through it, untangling a few knots when he finds them. The warm weight along his side wiggles slightly closer and lets out a content sigh causing Dean to freeze, instantly wide awake. His eyes wide, Dean peers down to find Castiel curled into him with his head resting on Dean's chest and an arm thrown over Dean's stomach.
“I’ll talk to you two after,” Charlie says, proceeding to pass out the rest of the assignments to the other writers in the room.
Dean makes up his bed for the night, smiling slightly at the laughter coming from the bedroom. His friends are happy and he is happy for his friends. Benny deserves to find someone again and Dean knows Jo would be good for him. He's a little disappointed he didn't see it earlier or even think about setting the two of them up.
He wanders through the inn until he hears Cas’ gravely voice coming from a room he has never been in before. It's a big open room with high ceilings and walls covered in several clocks all set at different times. Underneath are plaques with a cities name and Dean realizes they are the different time zones. What really catches his eye though is the magnificent red sleigh sitting in the middle of the room. Cas and Chris are sitting in the seat looking at a piece of paper that Dean recognizes as the picture Cas showed him earlier.
Dean picks up a stone sitting next to him in the sand and throws it into the ocean. The act soothes him a little bit so he does it again, and again. He’s not sure how many rocks he has thrown into the waves but soon a cold touch to his shoulder startles him mid throw.
Castiel’s hair is all messed up, as if someone had run their fingers through it all day. Not in a sexy way, but more like a frustrated way. It makes Dean wonder just how rough of a day Castiel has had and if it has anything to do with why the man was running so late. There are bags under his usually bright eyes and his whole face looks drawn in exhaustion. His usual five o'clock shadow is almost a fully formed beard which doesn’t seem like Castiel at all.
“What are you wearing?” Castiel can’t help but ask. When he thinks of what Dean sleeps in (which he never actually thinks about!) it most certainly isn’t whatever he has on now.
Castiel thinks about what Dean and his family would be up to. Dean probably already drank three cups of coffee and they are all probably sitting around the gorgeous tree while Mary and Liz open their presents from Santa. They probably will have a homemade breakfast and then sit in front of the fire watching Christmas movies. It’s everything Castiel has always dreamed of Christmas being. Plus he knows Dean would absolutely love his apple pie.
“Yes, she's okay. She came to the site today and I took her with me just to get away,” Dean explains. “Shit man I’m sorry! I should’ve texted you! I didn’t even think about it. I was just so worried about Claire that I didn’t even think about letting you know.”
“They were so excited and wanted to know more about the lions when I told them we were taking a field trip to the zoo, so I told them all of the fun facts that I could remember you saying over the years. Except for the liger one, that came from me of course,” Dean explained with a slight blush rising to his cheeks.
The group moves on to the next section of the zoo. Cas leads them to a few other exhibits of random animals and he has an interesting fact for all of them. The kids are loving all of the information they get from the zookeeper and eagerly write down all that they can. Dean already knows the whole class will have way more than the required five fun facts. He’s very proud of his class for how they’ve been behaving on the field trip so far. The teacher is already planning the trip for next year and however more years he will be teaching here. They come up to the otter exhibit and see the four otters playing in the water. The kids laugh when the otters come right up to the glass then swim away in a swirl of bubbles. Cas doesn’t appear to have anything to say about the creatures so Dean takes the time for another pun. He gets the class’ attention and some are already looking at him anticipating another joke.
“You like him, don’t you?” Gabe asks. Dean is surprised to hear no mockery in the shorter man's voice.
“Okay enough!” Charlie yells, causing the two men to stop in shock. Other people around stop to look at the trio, confusion marring their faces. “Listen to me, I am only going to say this once so you both better shut up and pay attention okay?”
The bed may have not been comfortable but damn those complementary pajamas are the most comfortable things he has ever worn.
“Well, I’m also gay, so that would be very hypocritical of me to judge you for who you’re attracted to,” Dean states simply.
“Hello, I’m Castiel and this is Gabriel. We will be your tour guides for today,” Mr. Blue Eyes says, and hot damn that voice is gravelly and smooth all at the same. “I understand you will split the class into two groups, correct?”
“Well let’s see if I can remember another fun fact for you guys then,” Castiel really does have to think hard for an interesting fact that the kids haven’t said yet. “Did you guys know that even though in stories and movies the lion is known as the king of the jungle lions don’t actually live there? They prefer the open savannah and grasslands over a whole bunch of trees.”
“Mrs. Mills, I am so sorry for being late,” he says in a deep gravelly tone, slightly higher pitched than what Dean is used to hearing in their brief encounters. The change causes Dean to frown slightly. He has never seen Castiel look this frazzled.
“I gotta tell Cas!” Dean smiles for the first time in what feels like weeks. He takes off in the direction of Cas’ temporary office, which will later become the management office, with a skip to his step. Not bothering to knock, Dean pushes open the cracked door with a smile still plastered onto his face. The sight that greets him takes a minute to sink in. When it does Dean carefully puts on his mask as quickly and efficiently as he possibly can.
“Lead the way Captain,” Dean says with a mock salute. The blue-eyed man looks at him with a confused head tilt before turning and leading the group further into the zoo. Dean’s hand drops from the solute to drag down his face. God this guy thinks I’m an idiot already. The teacher reminds himself that he is here for the kids, to keep them interested and engaged. He is not there to hit on an extremely attractive man who he has just met and knows nothing about.
They pile into the truck and Dean takes off for the hotel. He points out a few things as they go, like their favorite local restaurant, Jesse and Cesar’s place, and a few other places they have discovered during their time here. Dean is oddly proud of the island. He hasn’t lived here long but the people are incredibly welcoming and instantly made them feel right at home. He can’t wait to share this place with some of the most important people in his life and eventually many more people who will stay at the hotel and get to explore the island themselves. Even with the slight rush they are in, Dean stops at all his favorite places.
The major issue they run into is what they are going to do with the girls. Emma and Claire are both going into their junior year of high school. Emma has soccer and track commitments while Claire is at the top of her class. Both Dean and Cas feel like it wouldn’t be smart to pull the girls out of school and take them along, but they can't even bear the thought of leaving them behind either. They have spent months going over their options and ultimately decided that the girls should have a say in what they want to do. Which brings them to now, with only a few months until they head down to the Bahamas to start the project.
“Yes,” he replies, still confused. Why would Dean bring him back coffee? And why does that make him so happy? The fact that Dean already knows his coffee order surprises him. Maybe he just remembers it from the morning and will forget tomorrow but still. Even after dating Ketch for two years the man never knew how to make Castiel's coffee right. They walk in silence for a while, Castiel lost in his own thoughts until he notices Dean stopping. He takes in what's around him and finds they are at an ice skating rink filled with people going around in circles.
“Everyone is full,” Castiel sighs. He closes his eyes at the early prickles of a headache starting to form. “Maybe we really do need a…”
Dean pulls himself back to the present, with Claire sitting next to him staring out the windshield at nothing in particular.
“Did you - Did you see that?” She asks, walking towards him with a smirk firmly placed on her lips. “Did that go in the hole? I wasn’t watching.”
“It’s quite alright Castiel, we have accepted our fate long ago,” she says quietly. “You go and have a merry Christmas now.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean wiggles on the bench a little to get as comfortable as you can on a hard wood bench seat.
As if saying his name summoned him, Castiel rushes through the doors in a frenzy looking worse than Dean has ever seen him. His suit and trademark trench coat are completely rumpled and damp from the snow outside. He spies Dean and Mrs. Mills before heading their way, slightly slipping on the floor with his wet shoes.
“You do know it was just for fun right? It didn’t mean anything to either of us,” she explains. The way she says it seems like she thinks that will make it all better, but it just reminds him of what he can't have. “Look. Clarence was just really stressed with everything going on and I offered a solution. Because apparently you weren’t doing good enough of a job.”
“Now, these guys are jaguars. They can actually be found in some parts of the US and are the largest cat in the Americas,” Cas explains while pointing out the two sleeping cats.
“Dean, it’s just Dean, please. The kids call me Mr. Dean,” He replies with a smile. As the two groups start to split up, Dean stops Gabriel before he can get too far. “Hey, so I brought a treat for the kids and it kinda goes along with a joke I have. Would you mind doing it for your group, so they all can get some?”
“Also it’s the twenty-first century dad. There are ways to communicate with the people back here,” Emma adds with a slight eye roll. “Maybe there will even be some people on the island we can become friends with!”
“Oh, you know I meant that figuratively! Now get out of here, I have to do Roman’s work for him,” Charlie shoos him out of her office, already turning her full attention to the screen in front of her.
The girl continues down the aisle with her parents giving him a grateful look as they pass. Dean smirks at the bewildered look on Castiel’s face before settling back down into his seat and ignoring the other man's questioning looks. The captain's voice comes through the speakers announcing they will be taking off in a few minutes. Dean’s hands grip the armrest at the thought and he tries to calm his heart rate. He has done this countless times before and nothing bad has ever happened, so there is no reason to freak out.
“Would you like to dance?” Dean blurts. He can hear soft music coming from the other room and can see some people moving around. Talking he struggles with, but dancing he can do.
Cas’ eyes flick back and forth between the other two men and Dean can see how uncomfortable he is. “Um Ketch this is Dean, Dean this is Arthur Ketch.”
“Clean it out first, I guess?” Dean suggests. “After it's cleared out we can better assess the damage and work that needs to be done and then we can go from there. Jesse called and said they have the first shipment of material for us at their place, so we just need to call them and they can bring that over. Probably should wait for tomorrow though since I think this will take the rest of the day today.”
Doing his best to keep the panic at bay and his breathing even as to not wake Cas (because that would be awkward as hell), he disentangles his arm from underneath Cas and scoots to the edge of the bed. Somehow he manages to slip out from underneath Cas without waking him and when he glances back he finds Cas pressing his face into the pillow Dean was just using a minute ago. Taking a few extra seconds, Dean takes in Cas sprawled across the bed. At some point during the night they both migrated to the center of the rather large bed. Dean has no idea how they managed to do that with how much space they started with between them. Now Cas lays in the center with the sheets covering just above his butt with his naked back on full display. Part of Dean regrets moving and not fully enjoying having Cas press along his side, but the other part of Dean is already starting to panic again and telling him to flee. So he does.
Dean grabs the sludge of the coffee pot, pours it into a mug, and sits down at the table. He drinks it absently as he listens to the song another time.
Jack’s behavior wasn’t what Cas had thought. Not entirely. When Cas asked Jack about his difficulties, why he couldn’t seem to look at Dean, Jack had curled his knees up to his chest to mutter, “He’s so bright.”
As an angel, thousands of years before even the idea of Dean existed, Cas had protected the birth of a baby from a lineage in which Heaven held a vested interest. The mother had suffered in the birth — wracked with pain, coated in sweat — but she hadn’t cried out at any point. When she felt herself fading, she had prayed, softly, not for herself, but for her child, for the strength to complete the delivery. So complete had her faith been, not in God, but in her fellows, that she did not worry if her child would know pain, would suffer under God’s plan. She believed completely that her siblings, her husband, her people would protect her daughter, as they had protected her. Castiel himself had carried out the blessing, as the birth was on a Thursday. He had carefully corrected the child's pulmonary atresia, the weakness in her bones, the sallowness of her skin. He’d left the tiniest touch of his grace in her, so that she would grow healthy and hale.
He closes the door to his room behind him. His room. He has a room and a soft bed and a family, and everyone is safe and happy. They’re free and safe and Dean Winchester is falling apart.
Why not unwrite him entirely? Might as well rebuild him from better material. Really, why rebuild him at all?
Dean slides the headphones around his neck and heads to the stove. If Sam's up, Jack and Cas will be down soon. They're all gonna want breakfast, and none of them are going to cook it if Dean's around.
The corner of his mind that remembers Alistair’s blades in his chest rumbles awake, pulls out his ribs, slides fingers into Dean’s mouth, jeers, “Oh sonny, don’t you see — you were made for just this.”
Sammy shrugs. “Things have been pretty quiet.” Dean can believe that. Honestly, sometimes Dean thinks about how many things they’ve killed and wonders how there are any monsters left at all. Most of the time it feels like they’re a drop in an ocean that wants to eat them and everything else in the world. “You ever think it’s weird now?” Sam adds, not casually at all.
By the time he pulls into the garage, Dean’s tucked Hell safely back into his ribcage. He’s able to smile at a tired Sammy sitting in the kitchen, easy as breathing.
How fucked up is it that in a romantic mixtape for Dean, Cas includes a song about making yourself take the next step after someone dies?
Eileen keeps tripping up. She miscalculates, expecting Dean to do one thing before he does another. The case is already messing with her head, and hunting with Dean makes her hyper aware of every action, ready to justify any decision that Dean might question. Dean never does.
He feels anger bubbling out of his skin, spreading and dissipating into the cool air of his room. His right hand twitches with Castiel's grace.
“I don’t think your jury would agree with you.” Cas responds, because he’s a real expert at twisting Dean’s words to throw them back in his face.
“It’s more about identifying a place to put it than distance being an issue. It wouldn’t be wise to move it from it’s biome. Certainly not without reason.”
“I don't know if anyone ever told you. I don't…I don't know what you know.” Dean chokes, then starts again, because Jack is a child, and he can't be expected to know if Dean doesn't tell him. “I was in Hell when I first met your father — uh, Cas, I mean, not Lucifer. He dragged me out, and left me this nifty souvenir.” It's a good thing Jack has his hand curled around his arm because it stops Dean from smacking his own face with it.
