“They’re from Joey, nothing to get excited about.” He avoided eye contact with Sam as the two men lost interest and went to the couch to lounge. He finally looked over at his friend and offered a snappy, “what?”
Steve was in school to be an EMT at this time. Her dad, Bucky, had left some money behind, letting Steve go to school and watch her full time. However, the closeted twenty-seven year old wasn’t exactly educated in the whole ‘menstrual cycle’. So it’s funny now, thinking about the two of them freaking out about blood in her underwear. She literally brought him the soiled panties while he was cooking dinner. They panicked, ended up burning the food and setting off the smoke alarms. Then the cramps started and Joey legit thought she was dying; which meant Steve did a quick Google search after extinguishing the small fire. She couldn’t move, curled up on herself on the couch after he helped her get to the living room. Then Steve drove to the nearest store – bringing back pads, Midol, chocolate ice cream and a heating pad (apparently a little old lady saw him struggling and helped him after he explained the situation)
She thought that over, though the
“Well, it’s nice to meet the friends of the guy I’ve been doing the dirty with,” Tony countered, ignoring Steve’s eye roll and playful shove. Joey rejoined them, small bag in tow as she smiled at the people in the room.
,” she gritted that last word out making Steve’s eyebrows shoot up as she confessed, “he threatened to rape me.” Tony looked back at Steve both looking panicked as they turned back to the girl still staring at the tombstone.
Clint was trying to talk to her, fingers on his bow and was staying far enough away to not let her get a hand on him.
On the way back from lunch with Aunt Nat, she stopped to pick up the mail. After parking her car, she grabbed the envelopes and made her way inside.
“FAST GIRL,” he rumbled in excitement, throwing his arms up and smashing some of the ceiling.
“My apologies little warrior,” Thor said in a quiet rumble, something Daci didn’t know he was capable of.
"Ask Peter! Peter was I cheating?" Miles asked his older brother with his arms crossed in defense.
She won’t lie, she coughed. A lot. Kristen got her a glass of water and told her the one hit was probably enough for her.
“Hey Peter, I’m your big brother, Harley.”
“Um, Leo. I believe your foster parents require some assistance,” her Dad said as he ruffled the boy’s hair in passing.
His thoughts are interrupted by his larger, bulkier brother.
“She’s dying,” Jo said quietly. Steve sat there, absorbing that information as she continued.
Tony looked up, immediately freezing when he saw who the cough belonged to.
"Master," Emerson said as she literally bowed before Loki, still sitting on the couch. "Please tell us the story of why you are under house arrest."
Steve froze a little at that, looking up at his Pappy who was only looking at Harley. The Alpha even opened his mouth to answer for him but Harley beat him to it.
“Wow. You can go fuck yourself,” Barton snapped before shutting the door in his face. Bucky was tempted to continue their fight, but just brought his anger and confusion about who told on him back to his own floor, where a nervous Daci was waiting for him.
“Petey, that isn’t true baby,” Pepper said softly as Jim gently led the teen to sit down on the chair behind her. “He’s both your Daddies and she loves him just as much as you do–”
The blonde gently released his grip and pulled his own legs up onto the couch, bringing Tony with him as he gently pulled him down and into his arms – the two stretching out on the couch as Steve felt one hundred percent of his anger redirected to that man. He wrapped his arms around his husband, allowing all of the anger to be set aside for now as he worked on comforting the love of his life, gently kissing the back of his head.
“Hey, I side with you when it comes to Steve, don’t I?” the teen said in her defense as the car came to a stop in front of the entrance. She gathered her overnight bag and opened the door to get out.
“Actually, my favorite are hawks. Part of where I got the nickname,” Clint replied with a smile, squeezing her hand and leading the group to get tickets. Once inside, she couldn’t help but stop in her tracks.
“Come on baby girl, we got to clean up before dinner,” she said with finality as the little girl ‘humphed,’ but was otherwise silent on the way to the bathroom.
“Not the point! Come on, what did little Stevie wanna be when he grew up?” He took a moment to look at the brunette, finding it easier and easier to talk to him. And be near him. And imagine him without the well tailored suit.
am the one that is sorry. You did tell me, or at least you tried to. But I was so caught up in my own bullshit...I think I actively blocked it in my brain. I didn’t want to think about you leaving m-...well. I wasn’t even paying attention to you talk about your future…”
"You spoke to your mother?" Steve asked as Emerson shook her head 'no.'
Kate waited a few minutes before speaking again.
“Emerson,
She rolled her eyes heavily before leaning over the counter to bury her face in her arms.
The blonde went out to get his husband’s favorite junk food. He figured Tony would take his time getting home, and if there was something Steve has learned long ago with taking care of a small child – patience is a fucking virtue. It won him many an argument with a certain girl, whose name he won’t mention.
“That’s the idea,” Tony said with glee, “when I take over the company after college. My father made his money developing weapons for the government. I want to use the money and resources to make clean sustainable energy for the planet.”
. You literally make me a better man.”
“Holy shit. Is that where you went? To find him?”
A voice inside reminds her that
“You look gorgeous, made it hard to focus on the game,” Steve said with a smile, taking the lead in their dancing.
But then Steve’s phone buzzed, it was twenty past one and there was a text from his mom asking him to be home by two to help her with something.
Fuck it. She confidently thought to herself, consciousness fading as she drifted to sleep.
She turned around before scoffing at Steve. “We apologized two weeks ago and I have no control over my uterus. Plus it’s Sam, I don’t need to host him,” she said with a wicked smile at his friend – who only mockingly glared back at the teen.
“Tony, I wasn’t always like this. When I was younger, I was incredibly sick. I had asthma and I was frail and scrawny. The doctors didn’t think I’d make it. But my Pop found this doctor with an experimental drug. They said it would cure me of my ailments, make me stronger...but I would be infertile for the rest of my life. I accepted I could never have my own kids. It’s why when I saw you at the park...and I saw you had a pup of your own...I thought I could have everything I ever wanted…”
Now everyone was saying hi to him, trying to befriend him in some way. The same kind of people who shoved him into lockers and made fun of him at his other schools.
“Come on, Jo,” Tony encouraged. She released a dramatic sigh before confessing.
“I just don’t think you’re being entirely truthful, Petey. Like I said,
here?” Tony found himself chuckling at that, shaking his head in response as he beckoned her again to join him.
The archer was a much better man than Bucky and at the very least deserved an apology. Buck cleared his throat awkwardly when he made his way to the pilot’s chair, frowning at the flinch coming from the archer.
The possibility of any other scenario was not acceptable.
“Hey Petey!” she greeted the toddler first, reaching back to grabs his hands.
Clint took that opportunity to check out his own crush while he tried to come up with a plan to talk to Bucky again.
“Tell him I’ll be up in a few, Jay.”
“Petey what happened?” Tony asked, putting his coffee cup on the counter and walking over to them. Steve happily handed the boy over to his husband when his son reached for him, not jealous that he often looked to Tony for comfort.
“–UM I BELIEVE I am taller than you are now
“There’s my girl, where’ve you been?” he asked with one arm reached out towards her. Instead of answering, she gently bent over to hug him; burying her face in his neck. Tears she thought she was too dehydrated to produce flowed as she choked out a tiny cough.
"Oh get over it, you big drama queen," Rhodey said as he helped Joey put on the jumpsuit they had ordered for the occasion. Steve zipped his own up as he walked over to his husband.
“Yup, you are definitely a scary monster, Joey,” he agreed easily, getting a chuckle from the blonde when he threw a wink at his little brother. “Where’s your fin?” he asked as he walked over to help, sitting on the side of the tub while he helped morph the bubbles into a fin on her back.
“My pleasure, Miss. If you would, grab your smart phone from the bedside table and I will connect the call remotely.” She grabbed the phone Tony had given her long ago, ever amazed at technology, and placed it against her ear. She heard the line click and Steve’s voice in the phone.
“Those two aren’t the same and you know it!” Steve snapped.
“Are you…are you serious Joey?”
“You free Saturday evening?”
“Do tell,” Tony purred at him, attempting to cop a feel on their way out. Steve playfully swatted him away before quickly pulling the man back into his arms.
“Pretty sure old geezers just out of surgery aren’t supposed to eat donuts,” Clint said as he made his way to the foot of Tony’s bed.
died years ago. If you’re referring to your uncle’s sugar daddy…” he said condescendingly.
"Why would I save you? Are you serious? What kind of question is that?" the princess joked lightly as Emerson smiled in response, deflating a little.
“I know Stevie, me too,” he heard his brother say with a waver in his voice as the two practically clung to each other in the kitchen. After a moment Buck pulled away to smile at his brother and reassure him.
People around them screamed, but Daci was focused on Peter and making sure he was alright. Behind Peter she could see Steve sprinting towards them. Satisfied that he wasn’t injured, Daci stepped back and waited to be reprimanded. And sure enough, she could see her father right behind Steve.
“Tony. You are the most intelligent and capable person I’ve ever known. Regardless of your gender. If you didn’t want to go through with this, it wouldn’t change how I feel about you.”
“Miss Emerson? Are you alright?” came the sound she once thought a little scary, now beyond grateful to hear – reminding her she isn’t alone. “Shall I call Dr. Banner for assistance? He is three floors below you working late in his lab.”
Steve heard Peter grumble something in the background before she continued.
“Papa?” Peter asked after pushing the button for their floor.
“Yeah I figured you wouldn’t mind, she’s only in town for the weekend,” Obie said passively as he grabbed a menu and began looking at his options.
“You both knew about Daredevil?” the teen asked in annoyance, wondering why neither bothered to tell him.
“Fis ‘s amafing,” the pup said around a mouthful of cookie, prompting his Daddy to flick the boy’s ear.
“Hey Petey-pie, did you have a good nap?” Steve asked, reaching up for the pup as Tony gently handed the giggling baby to his Papa.
Since he wasn’t drinking, he entertained himself throughout the evening by watching Tony try desperately to flirt with Steve while the blonde stayed blissfully unaware that that was what he was doing. Buck couldn’t help but roll his eyes at the two, nodding to Natasha who stayed in the room while he let himself wander the mansion.
“S-Steve,” Tony hiccuped, unable to say anything else when his husband smacked their mouths together in a harsh kiss. The brunette could only hold on tight, melting into a puddle.
“Do you want to know what your fucking idiotic brother in law did??” he asked the man, ignoring the scoff from the stupid teen. “He replicated my spider serum, got bit, and is now asking me to train him!” he shouted thrusting a hand towards the stupid teenager in question.
“So,” she began interrupting his thoughts, “should we do some zone defense or man on man and work together to tackle this?” She moved to put her empty bowl in the sink, turning to her brother with her hands on her hips.
“Oh, then yes of course I’ll be your date,” he said with a sigh, smiling when his husband tightened his hold around him. “What was the good news?” he asked, suddenly remembering.
Most of the Avengers were there to congratulate him, as well as Ned and MJ from school. He hadn't realized that Emerson was video chatting with Shuri - so she could watch from the other side of the world. All telling him how happy and excited they were for him.
“Are you cold?” she asked the blonde who saw right threw her, smiling before nodding.
“I notice you’re alone here for lunch. Your newest boytoy too busy to support his handsome fella?”
It was a detailed drawing of the two of them on their most recent date. Tony had surprised the blonde with a moonlight rooftop date, complete with a picnic, candles, and music. At one point the brunette had felt inspired, grabbing Steve’s hand to stand them up to start dancing.
…feeling genuinely happy…
“Do you think they…” she began quietly, stopping to let a few tears drop. “Do you think they’ll hate me if I tell them?” Watery green eyes looked up at the kind woman, now leaning forward to hear her better.
“Peas Yuncle Bucky?”
"I'm really not. Look, have I not slept for the past four weeks? Sure. Has the stress of all of this given me a grey hair on my right temple? Perhaps. Am I in way over my head? You bet your skinny ass I am," he said, pausing when Steve genuinely laughed at that. "But I don't regret her, Stevie. As crazy as she drives me...I don't know how to explain it..." he trailed off as he smiled at his daughter - who was currently cuddled up against his chest.
He didn’t hear the rest when he dropped his phone onto the floor. The blood pounded in his ears as he struggled to get oxygen into his lungs.
So yeah, he went to the roof to smoke a joint. What he really hadn’t expected was for Coulson to follow him up there and confront the teen about it.
“Can’t you two sit there without acting like you have ants in your pants?” Tony asked, opting for the change in subject.
“Cause you care, right mister jock?” Clint slurred out and scooted away from him, almost falling off the bed.
"Is there something funny about that?" Peter asked. The husband shook his head before responding.
“What exactly are we doing up here?” she asked as he gently placed her on her feet. He looked considerably less frustrated then before as he took a step back to start stretching.
Tony sat there another moment before admitting, “that does sound complicated.”
“Dammit I have to follow him don’t I?” Tony asked as Joey laughed aloud at him.
“Carolyn…do you know I’m gay?” The older woman almost choked on her water, taking a moment to catch her breath before responding.
And then he heard a voice that was so familiar it sent a chill down his spine.
“How’s my other bambino handling it?” And that quickly got rid of the smile Tony had on his face.
“-Her name is Vivienne and don’t fucking talk about her like that!”
“Let’s do it,” he said in finality, kissing his husband’s neck more vigorously as they finally walked back up the stairs to resume their vacation.
Bruce was kind enough to not only offer cranberry juice but also analyzed her urine while the fathers offered comfort through it. As it turned out, she had a semi-serious infection, which meant the doctor would need to do a more invasive procedure.
“Pretty sure he just started his afternoon nap, so you’re safe. Also I thought FuckFace McNoStones was supposed to take the pup?”
The warm fuzzy feelings Clint had started feeling again were welcome, but they also made him a little weaker in his resolve as he turned his face into his boyfriend’s neck.
“This is late for me,” he said with a smile as the man stood up to walk over to him. Steve took a step back from the smaller man, a smile on his face as he looked between his own clean uniform and Tony’s dirty lab-wear. The brunette pouted at the distance, which made Steve roll his eyes before closing the gap and kissing the man – still keeping his clothes out of reach of the oily and always grabby hands.
“P-Papa?” Tony asked skeptically, hope and happiness in his voice as he turned to the Alpha.
The people he had begun to consider not just teammates...but friends, were all hurt in some way because of him.
“I don’t want you and Steve to have a baby, Daddy.”
“Did you tell Sam about her?” she said accusingly, eyes opening again to glare daggers at her father.  Steve found himself wordless, mouth gaping a little as he also noticed out of the corner of his eye his husband come join them in their conversation.
He was still quiet as they arrived out of the elevator and walked silently together to the living room.
“Yeah Barton, don’t tell people to shut up,” her father muttered back, tightening his arms around Daci who couldn’t help giggling again.
The blonde instantly froze at that, Tony grinning as Steve’s face began to blush furiously while his blue eyes widened. The song also ended at that time, which had Steve quickly release Tony and take an awkward step back. The blonde blinked several times while he also opened and closed his mouth, clearly flustered.
The toddler climbed up on the couch next to Steve as the man pulled the toddler onto his lap, smiling when an exhausted Jo came over to sit next to them.
“You know, Staci, you could probably stand to get your carpet munched. Might even make you less of a bitch,” she retorted, smiling back at her as the crowd erupted in laughter.
“Alright, that’s enough ya heathens, Happy’s waiting downstairs and if you’re late for school I’m eating your desserts.” Both kids quickly sobered up, offering their sorrys before running off to do as told. Steve eternally grateful they did for once…
“Hey,” Clint said gently as he grabbed his boyfriend’s hand. “Everything okay?” James looked back at him with a forced smile as the brunette tried to lead the two inside. But Clint stayed put. “What’s wrong?” he asked in a more serious tone.
He had one eyebrow missing, burn scars along the side of his face and his neck. Still hair on his head and incredibly good looking, the bastard. Peter swallowed as he stopped in front of Wade, taking a moment to enjoy the flowers. He looked up at Wade, waiting for him.
Which, unsurprisingly, ended with his husband grabbing his ass. He swatted the man away before walking back to the living room and sending little glares to his little brother.
On this particular day though, she had a funny feeling as she approached the train stop. An older woman appeared to be staring at her and was standing directly in her path. Joey found herself slowing down a little as the older woman smiled at her.
A small voice inside told her she was being irrational, but that voice was squashed down by the anger she felt in her bones.
“Daddy, she isn’t in da game room. Or da movie room…”
Tony felt the couch shift behind him as Steve got off and stood up next to him, stretching his body out.
“Bambi, pass the pepper, would you?” Tony asked his son during dinner, who shot him a quick glare before obliging his dad’s request.
Steve waited until she left and they had settled in the hammock before searching his husband for his hidden pocket, smiling as it seemed to tickle him. He decided to change tactics and focus on digging his fingers into the man’s ribs as they wrestled in the hammock.
“No, Tony, it’s fine. Just a one night thing.”
"Yeah, for the record, I would've happily gone to your class to show those little shits what's cool. Like actually winning the prizes without bribes." She smiled but remained silent.
“You can’t read my mind, Sambo. You don’t know what color card I have left,” Emerson teased at him.
“Say, Peter. Could you actually do me a favor and go grab your Dad from his lab? You know he locked me out last week after turning down his stereo and it’s his turn to do dinner.” Both Steve and Peter knew those were lies, but Peter could tell his Pops wanted to talk to Emerson in private.
Her parents sat next to each other, her Dad holding up his phone to record as his Pop was turned to talk to Wade sitting next to him. He was holding a sign in his lap she couldn't quite make out - and decided maybe she didn't need to know anyway. Miles was on the other side of him, looking like he'd grown a foot since she last saw him, though the boy was barely ten years old. Peter and Shuri sat by Miles, her girlfriend holding noise makers and handing them out to the rest of her family.
“I’m sorry can we? Can I just take a nap?” she asked, turning to look at both men. They shared a look, like they didn’t want to leave her and wanted to stay to make her to talk about it. Tony eventually nodded at her, extracting himself from the bed while Steve stayed sitting a moment longer.
was an amazing dad.
EMERSON
He put his mask back on to start swinging back to the Tower when he heard gunfire. He changed his route, forgetting about the conversation he had with his Pop as he heard screams and could see smoke rising. When he landed on top of a nearby building, he could see several men with guns pointing in the same direction. He couldn’t see what they were pointing at and was about to swing down to help when he suddenly saw what grabbed their attention.
She waited patiently, surprising the blonde further, until he brought the sandwich and sliced banana over to watch her eat.
The three were sitting around the kitchen table eating pizza when Harley started talking.
Of course, it was only after Happy had dropped her off that she got the message from Xavier that he couldn’t go. His sister was going into labor and he was the only one there to drive her.
“James,” Clint finally said, temporarily forgetting why he was here. Bucky smiled back as he walked over to him, his free hand grabbing the door while a little blur ran behind him. “Damn, how many baby mamas do you have?” he asked, smiling when the teen rolled his eyes at that.
The woman sat across from her on the chair, smiling at Emerson.
"Did you have fun, sweetheart?" he asked her as he freed one arm to wrap around her. She snuggled against him and nodded yes, smiling and watching her dads still dancing and swaying in each other's arms.
“Come on, you picked out these pj’s!” he said as he added a little rib-tickling for good measure. The boy finally relented, giggling still as he ‘played dead’ while Steve finally got his pajamas on – further being unhelpful.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve growled out before attacking his lips again. They made out for a bit before Tony heard one of their phones buzzing. They ignored it until the buzzing continued for a few minutes, Steve crawling off him to grab at the newer Stark phone and handed it to him.
“I was thinking pottery, to start with…”
, she thought bitterly to herself,
“Yeah...and you still want to be with my brother?” the older blonde asked. Bucky chuckled again as he heard his boyfriend defend his own honor.
“What’s really wrong, doll? You know I’d pick you over Tony every time right? He has scrawny little arms and you have bulging biceps!”
He was making Tony a latte in their kitchen, drumming his fingers against the counter while he wondered where she was. His husband had spent the day in his lab, and after a quick welcome home make-out session, sweetly asked the blonde to make him some coffee.
After several gulps and a few chocolate pieces, he turned to the man who had been waiting patiently. And now that he was here, on a beach with his husband celebrating their one year anniversary...the whole thing seemed kind of silly. So he decided to start with that.
“That depends,” Wade offered.
She bid them both goodnight, walking away as they watched her leave; Tony wondering if she’d ever feel comfortable enough to take him up on his offer.
“You’ve been married over twenty years, I’m pretty sure you’ve done enough
With a slight skip in his step, he quickly opened her bedroom door. And was met with nothing.
Familiar arms wrapped around him from behind, his husband’s head gently resting in the crook of his neck.
“Please?” Steve added, kissing Tony’s neck with feather light kisses before pulling away to pepper some on his hair. “I’ll throw in a trip to the kitchen to get you coffee and chocolate…” that crafty bastard proposed, knowing Tony’s weaknesses. The genius couldn’t help but smile, wiping his eyes and nodding yes.
"Do you see anything? Anything new?" she asked as he looked another moment before he gently lowered her shirt back down.
“Dad?” he heard Joey ask next to him. He quickly turned the screen to his smart phone off, turning to her with what he hoped was a straight face. “Did you hear what I asked?”
“I know the Starks are loud, but you can always excuse yourself if you need a minute. Now come on, I hear Stevie’s making you some special breakfast.” She left wolf on his bed, not bringing her back up after the Morgan applesauce incident. When they got in the elevator, she grabbed his hand, trying not to seem too needy on the one-floor ride to the Starks floor.
“You read my mail?” she asked angrily and in shock, distancing herself a little from her father. “That’s illegal!” He at least had the audacity to turn pink in shame.
“Alright then, come on kiddo,” he said gently as he turned to walk over and get behind the wheel. She joined him a moment later, considering her options and waiting for them to start driving before voicing it.
“I wasn’t talking about the pup, love.” Tony looked up at the older Omega, wondering if he’ll ever have the same mind-reading super powers that came with having kids.
Well, to be fair Rumlow and his crew had just started to ignore them all together, but it was refreshing to see two men kissing in public without ridicule.
Rumlow had a few guys behind him and presumably on his side across from Sam, Steve, Clint and Natasha.
“She could’ve told Jarvis to let us know that…” Tony bit his bottom lip at that, not wanting to worry the toddler but becoming increasingly concerned of the situation.
She looked back up at him, wondering how he would react to that and also wondering if she should’ve said those exact words.
...yeah there was no way she would win that argument. She certainly didn’t feel comfortable telling him the truth…if he’d even believe her right now.
Going against his better judgement and taking two, though he needed it. Tuesday afternoon and he was still feeling completely broken. All of Monday he had taken his hearing aids out and shut off his phone, not wanting any human contact. He considered doing it Tuesday, but eventually decided he wanted to watch TV so reluctantly put them on.
The blonde moved his hand to cover his husband's mouth, preventing him from talking further.
The super soldier continued laughing when he felt his stubbornly silent husband extract himself from his hug – going to grab his plate and moving to the dining table, head high in the air from the betrayal. “Love you,” Steve called out before turning back to Sam to share a laugh.
” the man trailed off.
Her thoughts wandered until her Dad pulled up in to his parking spot back at the Tower. She started to unbuckle and get out when she felt a hand on her shoulder.
“Clearly,” Tony said with sarcasm, Steve smiling at the man for being on his side.
“I think that’s than enough for today, Emerson. If you’d like, I can start seeing you weekly?” She didn’t hesitate before nodding, smiling at the warm woman sitting across from her.
Coming down from the most mind-shattering orgasm took him a while, but he was thankful for the steady weight on his chest slowly bringing him back to the land of the conscious.
“Jo, you have lumps, plural?” he asked carefully (and skeptically). She looked panic-stricken and quickly grabbed one of his hands to place on the outside of her right breast. His Captain role easily took over, gently feeling what she was talking about…before laughing fondly.
He held his hand up to his ear, seriously contemplating taking it out to have an excuse when he heard a familiar voice.
“Seriously, Cara. Just stay the fuck away from me. What you did is unforgivable…”
“Morning, where’s Nat?” Steve asked the genius as Morgan crawled over to sit on Clint’s lap.
“You okay?” Buck asked, frowning at the scoff that question got.
“I am bambino!” Tony said with equal excitement, stretching his arms out to hold his pup.
“Yeah,” Steve said with a frown he didn’t realize he was sporting. He saw Bucky out of the corner of his eye roll his eyes dramatically.
She was covered in peanut butter and jelly, most of it on her body and not in her mouth. Her banana was squished between her fingers and also somehow in her brown curls. He growled a little in frustration, deciding on whether or not he would wake his brother up to deal with her.
Around 6pm he got a call from the station that flowers and balloons had arrived for him. He and Sam had just dropped a patient off at the hospital when his curiosity got the better of him. Sam smiled as they made their way back to the station, running ahead of Steve to check the note himself. He let his friend read the note as his inspected the bouquet of wild flowers.
Steve turned back around before replying, “yeah? Well back then I got to be your fun uncle. Since your dad…since then I’ve had to be the responsible guardian.”
“Yeah, but I’m
“Now, Emerson, I realize that being new to this family, means you’re still learning the rules. But, as I said before, the only way out is to admit defeat by saying the two magic words. Observe,” he then dug his fingers along Peter’s ribs and under his arms to get the shriek of laughter he was looking for. Steve didn’t relent up on his torture until he heard Peter finally conceding.
“Well…to be fair…it was
Speaking of, he had to leap forward to catch her when her legs gave out and she suddenly collapsed to the ground.
“Am I in trouble?” Joey asked as her hands subconsciously reached back to cover her behind. “It was my idea, don’t blame Jose.” Steve was proud of her honesty while Buck was somehow even more upset.
you liked me and wanted me to be happy?” Tony asked seriously, loving that the blonde immediately smiled and groaned back at him.
“How’s that possi...shit,” Stark grumbled as he grabbed his nearest tablet and started typing furiously.
Except Joey hates shopping.
“Let’s go talk to Peter,” the genius suggested when they finally broke away for air. “Calling the social worker and all that can wait until morning.” He grabbed his husband’s hands, pulling one up to kiss the palm, before entwining fingers to walk together to their son’s room.
I think you’re big sister’s pussy tastes.” He sat back in shock and disgust, even funnier since his big sister was actually pansexual. And single.
“I like it, less maintenance,” Barnes said with a blush and a shoulder shrug. “Where’s my kid?”
“Of course you can, sweet girl. I’m so proud of you for how far you’ve come.” Those words only added more salty tears to stain her cheeks.
“Oof, tough break Steven,” his bastard husband agreed, pointedly tightening his arms around her at the implication.
“Where’s Cara?” she asked.
“THAT bitch?” Tony asked incredulously, startling the other two.
“Daddy!” his baby screamed as he literally jumped his little body up and down in joy. May, bless that beautiful woman, stepped back and pulled her phone out to snap some pictures as Peter ran into Tony’s outstretched arms.
Which Steve matched with his own, hands resting on his hips.
“Oh please,” Howard said with a scoff. “That took a few minutes, I did actually have business around the world. Plus took your Mother to Italy to visit your Nonna, she’s getting better, by the way. The little Stone shit was just a detour in our travels. A successful detour that involved intimidating a punk little Alpha…” Tony absorbed that information with a satisfied smile on his face.
“Damn right you will. Rogers’ always apologize and own up to their actions. They’re good people,” he said pointing his finger at his teen. Her eyes rolled as she smiled at him.
- for him to complain.
He continued his assault, hands trailing down to his ribs as James fell back against the porch; Clint took that opportunity to straddle him.
Peter sent a mental thank you to his father for giving him an excuse.
"Nope," he said quickly and honestly, which caught Steve by surprise.
The teen took another large gulp of her drink, wondering to herself how many of these she’d need to get at least buzzed.
“That. Sounds. Amazing.”
Sam clapped him on the shoulder before continuing, “look man, you two are great dads. Just…give her some space to figure out what she needs. She’s a good kid, have a little faith.”
“Is it okay if we…um…if we don’t talk about her right now?” she asked hopefully. She smiled when she felt him kiss the top of her head before he reached over to grab the remote. They sat in silence for a few minutes, watching some cartoons.
“AH!” she yelped at a particularly hard swat to her upper thigh. His hands were even larger than her smaller self remembers, her entire backside quickly lighting up as his powerful swing never relented.
“Yes, I’m aware, can we plot his demise now?” she asked. He laughed fondly at that before turning back to be more serious with her.
“He already told me,” Peter said sitting up a little in anger. “He was looking for some drug lord.”
“What?! What the fuck does that mean? How did she leave?” Bucky asked the ceiling, instantly alert and feeling adrenaline course through his veins.
Pietro and Wanda had been a short but sweet visit, only dropping by before heading off for a side mission in Europe. Steve noted how she was a little wearier of them, but to be fair they weren’t exactly the most social people either.
STEVE
“Cub?” she heard, snapping her out of her it and turning towards her father. He was sitting on the mat, looking tired but happy and reached an arm out towards her in invitation. She smiled back at him before giving him a hug, sitting with him and staring at the giant in wonder.
She’d seen it plenty of times before, she just still stared in awe at it whenever she got to see it up close like this.
“You’re sitting on it,” he said as they heard the sounds of Barney opening the front door. James frowned at him before turning to the older blonde.
Tony smiled another moment before he felt his husband tug his arm in the direction of the hallway. He took a breath before following.
“I love you too,” she whispered back.
“My love,” Vivienne said with a shaky breath, playing as if she was somehow innocent in all of this. Bucky didn’t fall for it, instead reaching his flesh hand out to grip her neck before slamming her against the wall behind her.
They played games until dinner time, where there were plenty of pizza boxes waiting for the return of the Avengers. Which luckily was just after they finished dessert - where her Daddy made them all ice cream sundaes. Daci was ready to grab her spelling test to show her Tati when JARVIS suddenly spoke up.
“Babe, you really shouldn’t worry. Even with him, it was nothing compared to
"No, your Daddy is a child," the super soldier said as he kissed Miles on the cheek and placed him next to him on the couch. He then turned his attention back to the wannabe chameleon before adding, "a
Steve could feel his anger growing, “you know damn well what I’m talking about.”
“My Dad is back there, he got hurt. Please, can you unlock the doors and let me back?”
This wasn’t going to be easy. But hey, he was a superhero and the son of superheroes. He could do this.
“Um…well. May called cause she got a promotion which will require a lot of traveling so…the next three months?” he answered apprehensively. Steve’s face morphed into a surprised-excited combo, Tony still unsure how he actually felt about the news.
“This is not about you and your obsession with clogging your arteries, Tony! If she just wants pancakes then I’ll make her pancakes,” the blonde said with his arms crossed and throwing a glare at his husband. Joey wiped her tears away as she laughed a little at them, grateful for the distraction.
"So, Peter how are we getting back at these so called teachers?" she asked, chuckling when she heard her parents groan in protest.
,” the man whispered, squeezing her hand for emphasis.
“Steve,” the pup whined, drawing out the first ‘e’. “Those aren’t dorsal fins! They’re bony plates! Dinosaurs and fish aren’t the same thing.”
“I was supposed to spend the night at a friend’s and I think he got overwhelmed being alone,” she said with her eyes now covered by her hands. Steve blushed before finishing getting dressed.
“Oh hey Steve,” Tony said with a bright smile, putting his phone in his pocket and turning towards the blonde.
“Hey, it’s not our fault Daci,” Steve said in reassurance as he hugged the boy in his arms.
"I think so," she admitted.
“Is it the letter itself, that bothers you? Or the thought of seeing her again and meeting the child?” he asked after a moment.
“Okay so I can’t do it on command but! It was really awesome. Like I looked down, and there was just nothing. And firefighters walked right past me!”
He loved his husband.
The only one he’d really been worried about was Harley, but the pup quickly took a liking to his new grandparents and even managed to squeeze more cookies out of them. Warmed up to his aunt who coaxed him into playing MarioKart with her.
. Kill him, Weapon.” A million thoughts rushed through Bucky’s mind, but they all came to a halt when the small fingers gripping his wrist squeezed twice.
"I don't think any superhero is all good, little bro. But no, Deadpool is definitely one of the good guys. Even if he's been known to cheat at Mario Kart," she finished with a smirk at Wade. Miles looked back and forth at Wade and Emerson, slowly connecting the dots. He got up and went over to sit on Wade's lap.
The man huffed before answering, “oh sweetie, do you really not know who I am?”
His poor brother looked so exhausted, still getting over being a single parent and losing the mother of his child. The four week old screeching infant didn't make that any easier, and Steve thought to himself - not for the first time - he would
. He should be back soon. Also, I think since we’ve moved in it’s your mansion too.”
When she woke up, she blinked realizing there were voices around her. She felt groggy and sleepy and wondered why the ground was cold beneath her.
to hear Emerson had also somehow been involved and had sustained a few injuries along the way.
"Mhmm," Steve responded as he grabbed the blankets to further curl into a comfortable sleep by his husband's side.
“So impatient, Suzie Q,” Clint admonished as he continued his assault, smiling at the little girl’s laugh.
“Hey! Jerk.”
“So terribly sorry for the torture you go through with having me as your parent. You should go on Oprah,” the blonde said sarcastically.
Like in this case.
His belly...it was gone. His hands grabbed onto his mostly flat stomach as the Omega burst into tears. He’d lost the baby.
He guessed by the pink twinge in Tony’s olive skin that he had hit the nail on the head. That, and his husband’s sudden pout.
Tony knocked on her door, waiting for her welcome before opening the door and pulling them inside. They were both shocked to see Joey waiting for them, complete with several stacks of papers next to her on her bed.
He double checked nothing was visibly hanging out of his backpack before slinging it over his shoulder as he made his way to the elevator. He checked his watch again, quickly doing the math.
“Barton?” the brunette asked in surprise, just as a toddler walked over and clung to the teen’s leg. Clint watched him reached down before pulling him up to balance the boy on his hip, which - fuck since when was he attracted to that?
Of course…the more time passed…the more Steve’s mind started thinking of the medical effects of her actions. He found himself looking down and adjusting the loose ring on his finger, hiding the tattoo of ‘
It was after he said he’d never have kids, just as Joey has said happened when she was 8. He remembers that conversation, though he also remembers giving her a hug and telling her “a niece was all he needed.” He would have to explain himself to her.
“Yeah and you’re stuck with us now, little bunny!” Tony added, smiling at the groan his daughter, his daughter, offered in reply. He turned back to his husband, who was smiling back at him.
“No, Peter I need your help here. Daci...just, tell JARVIS if you need me, okay? And please be careful.”
Furious. Livid. Enraged. Fuming. He wasn’t listening to his calm husband go over the next steps in all of this…this absolute bullshit. Who the fuck could ever do such a thing to a little girl? He recognized, and sure Steve did too, the welts on her back from a belt, other marks that looked like a cane or switch. Along with scars and bruises that he saw on his own body after a battle! Not on a kid barely living day by day. He didn’t need to be a genius to recognize some of the other marks on her body. His own past helped connect those dots, unsure if Steve knew what the little dots in the crook of her elbow meant. The vein in his head might’ve popped was it not for his husband grabbing him for his attention.
"I thought you said he like Iron Man!" he said in protest, even going so far as to cross his arms. The little boy spoke up before the blonde could reprimand his husband.
“Didn’t say he didn’t love me,” she muttered with a smile. He laughed with her at that, thinking about her father again.
“Yes you absolutely did say that!” her Pop retaliated, standing by the giant pot of marinara sauce he had on the stove.
“I don’t know, not having rights to my own body?” she asked dramatically. Steve opened his eyes again, opening his mouth to respond but thankful his husband cut him off.
business?” she asked hopefully.
When he didn’t hear a verbal answer, he turned to Steve who had bent over and covered his eyes with one hand.
“Thank you.”
“I love you Steve,” Tony whispered after Steve pulled him onto his chest and settled the blankets around them. Tony’s head rested on his upper chest as he lightly traced a finger over Steve’s collar bone, sending a chill down Steve’s spine.
“I owe you both an apology,” he began, ignoring the surprised looks on both of them. “You’re right, I haven’t been doing a good enough job letting the two people I love most in this world…know that I love them the most in this world.” He saw Tony smile out of the corner of his eye, but he turned to address Joey first.
“Josephine!” he barked, glad to see the three other teens tremble and scatter. Upset to see his niece just looked annoyed at his presence.
“Come on, you can shower on our floor and grab Wolf,” Tati said with smile, holding his hand out for her to take. But the idea made her heart race in a good way, so she turned down his hand and turned to her uncle currently staring at the coffee pot and holding a clingy Harley.
"No, we're just glad to hear it's not two men raising this kid. That'd be unnatural," the man said as if it was obvious.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve whispered as he gently stood up to bring Peter over to lie back on top of the genius. He smiled without responding, knowing the man was right and preferring to snuggle back up with his son.
“…that she’s pretending to be gay so you’ll drop your guard?”
“Aw…looks like we’ve got a Thumper to go along with our Bambi, babe,” Tony realized aloud to his husband, whose smile grew wider at the realization. She simply rolled her eyes and wiped some of the tears away.
Fairy lights spread across the ceilings and the walls, as candles help light up the space as well, his eyes also catching the bouquets of star-gazer lilies lining a path through the warehouse.
“Joey, when I said I didn’t want kids, it was because I was closeted 22 year old and was pissed about it. It wasn’t because I didn’t enjoy little people…having kids would’ve felt like…conforming to the very hetero-normative ideas that oppressed me to the point of waiting 30 years to come out. You think I didn’t want you? Kid,” great, he was hoping he could hold off on the tears. “I’ve loved you since the moment I held you the day you were born. I stayed with you while your dad…stayed with your mom,” he said carefully.
STEVE
“Captain returned approximately two minutes ago and is currently using your shower,” the AI replied.
“Don’t look at me,” the older Omega said with a laugh and shrugged shoulders, taking his turn to hug Tony before the two turned to the pup.
Who never once made her feel in any way unwelcome in his giant mansion or like she was any less his kid than Peter.
“I...this is not the same thing!”
each other. Grow together. The sex was more of a reward system –” Steve stopped as he laughed aloud at his son’s overdramatic groans. Especially since Tony was the one to be crude – only adding to the super soldier’s hilarity. Steve stood up a moment later, still laughing. He grabbed his son’s hoodie he had changed into and pulled him into a hug.
“Fuck you!”
The thought of once again upgrading his arm got him distracted long enough to stop, which had Pietro collide into his legs. Knocking him flat on his ass.
“Yeah, I think you tired him out,” he said as he took the two into the kitchen. “What do you want for lunch little one? PB&J?” he asked as he set her down in her high-seat.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked as he shook off Pepper’s grip.
“Say, kiddo, Ruth should be dropping Peter off any minute…do you wanna go wait downstairs for him while I talk with Steve?” Tony asked, surprising Steve with the announcement. He thought Tony was going to pick Peter up tomorrow morning, smiling when he realized he must’ve asked Ruth to bring him tonight…so the four could hang out…as a
About twenty minutes passed before he heard the familiar ding from the elevator, indicating his son was home. He glanced up at Peter and the classmate as they walked into the living room. The young girl had long brown hair and green eyes, tan skin and clothes that reminded him of his own hand-me-downs as a child. He smiled at the pair, stood up and offered his hand to introduce himself.
“Of course not!” he giggled as he tried to escape her grasp.
When he opened his arms she accepted the invitation instantly, hugging her father with Wolf squished between them.
It was of a note Peter had written for him {I LOVE DADDY} for Father’s Day, including a small drawing of the two. Steve smiled as he bent down to kiss that scar as well, chuckling when Tony ran his hands through his blonde hair in approval.
They sat together in comfortable silence, smiling whenever she laughed at Bugs Bunny.
PETER
“Well,” his husband said before huffing out a laugh, “this can only end terribly.” Peter couldn’t help smiling back at him, accepting the hug the taller man was trying to pull him in to. The arachnid tightened his arms, relishing the moment until he felt a certain pair of hands roam down his back and cup his ass.
He felt his shoulders go rigid at the site before him, noticing his husband had also halted next to him.
“No,” Steve answered honestly. “But I’m taking the rest of the day off to make it alright. Sam you’re my second in command. Thor, don’t let the power go to his head,” he said with a wink and laughed along with the taller man. Sam glared at the blondes but didn’t say anything in his defense, which was very unlike the man who always had a comeback.
“Captain, I’ll just cut to it. Rumor has it that Tiberius Stone is trying to get you fired. Lucky for you, you’ve got friends in high places,” he pointed to himself before continuing. “That and, you’re fairly good at your job.” Steve felt himself smiling despite the news.
“Like, you love him forever and ever...or...like, actual soulmate?” Clint asked, scent now just curious.
The next morning he woke up, alone in bed.
"I'm excited for the landscape, technology, and sunsets not for a princess who doesn't even remember me," she said as she gathered her plate and cup to deposit in the sink. She turned to exit the kitchen, stopping when her little brother piped up.
“Tony, he pushed you down a flight of stairs…”
He opened the door when he heard her cry out again, paternal instincts taking over as he walked over to her bed. He switched on the lamp on her bedside table, able to see her tear stained and scrunched up face, obviously mid-nightmare.
“Director!” an agent called from the other side of the hall, leading Fury away while Bucky stood there, mouth gaping.
She smiled before answering. “Surgery went well – your father will live. He’s got some recovering to do, some physical therapy, but we believe he’ll be back to his old self in no time. The doctor will be out soon to explain in more detail, but with everything Mr. Stark has done for the hospital over the last decade…we figured you guys have been waiting long enough.” Emerson was crying listening to the woman.
“It’s nothing guys, seriously.”
“Don’t mention it…she definitely has her moments,” he teased as they both suddenly cringed – she was practicing her high notes. And was not very good.
“Papa it’s too tight!” the boy complained loudly as he looked on the verge of a tantrum. May joined them a moment later, bless that beautiful woman, as she quickly joined Peter’s side.
“Dada, down,” Joey said, trying to wiggle out of Bucky’s embrace. He relented, frowning as he placed her down on the ground. She immediately reached her arms out to the blonde, eyes focusing on the shiny camera in his hands.
“Why was he at the courthouse?” Steve asked seriously, hands on his hips, temporarily not embarrassing his son with pictures.
Tony walked over to kiss them both on the cheek, loving the blush that only a Rogers could really do justice. He walked alongside the pair, making sure to snap a picture or two when they weren’t looking.
“Plus Tony’s bi,” she muttered lamely, knowing it was a useless argument.
“Okay, but what if the car isn’t as conspicuous as you think it is and people take a million pictures of us?”
“And if it is?” Peter asked.
,” he said, directly to his now calming brother. Everyone froze again at that, before the scents and air around them turned more relaxed.
“Clint why were you on the gym ceiling?” Steve asked as he pushed some of the papers out of the way so Daci could continue practicing.
“My child will not smell like that, they feed that boy Mexican food.”
He did, immediately, squealing in delight and racing off to the game room – guitar in tow.
“How…” Tony asked with a thick voice, unable to process he had actually found his soulmate, “how can I be sure though? Maybe I’m just super fertile?”
Bucky simply tightened his hold and shushed him gently, rocking the two back and forth until Lucky interrupted their moment and barked at them. The blonde didn’t feel as bad about the tears in his eyes when he pulled away, able to see the brunette wipe a few of his own.
“Love you, Pop.” She said without hesitation. Still wasn’t entirely sure how she deserved this kind of unconditional love.
“Where is she?” he growled at her, trying not to be too satisfied to see her gasping for breath. When her mouth curved to ask a question, he used his metal hand to punch a hole in the wall directly next to her head. “Tell me where she is.”
“Thought you could use some cheer. And an ear,” the woman said, chuckling at her own joke which finally put a smile on Buck’s face. The teen also rolled his eyes, because she always thought she was funnier than she really was.
Her face morphed from petrified to dumbfounded to pure glee as she collapsed back on the bed and erupted in laughter. Steve sat there, very confused but enjoying seeing her laugh at such a delicate subject. He couldn’t help himself, he started laughing too.
He turned back to smile at his husband who had rolled his eyes fondly back at the man.
Clint had even said those exact words to him.
“Sunset, what a surprise,” Tony said as he finally sat down across from Obie. He didn’t bother returning the compliment. Her ego was big enough without it.
"Hey Miles, I'm Steve, it's a pleasure to meet you," the blonde said before turning to his husband...who was staring at the toy with a small pout on his face. "And this grumpy old man is Tony," he added and smiled when the little boy giggled at the description.
"Mr. Barnes, it's a pleasure to finally meet you," Emerson said politely as Bucky turned to greet her with a smile. Steve could see Tony giving him a look out of the corner of his eye, but chose to ignore it as Miles ran over and asked the blonde to be put on his shoulders. Steve smiled as he complied, avoiding Tony while he focused on his daughter while she started grilling the man.
“Anthony Edward Stark so help me,” his love growled as he walked to the kitchen to grab the ice pack.
“It’s too early for her nap.”
“Daddy is bringing a boy home that needs a safe place to stay. We don’t know how long he’ll be with us...so we’re all going to be extra nice to him and make him feel welcome here, okay?” Just then they heard the sounds of keys jingling that had his toddlers sit up in excitement.
“Tony, what’s that?” Steve asked, squinting at the corner. The brunette sighed heavily, putting his screwdriver down before turning to Steve with an exasperated look.
“You know what? That sounds amazing. Who wants a Disney movie marathon?” Tony asked his kids and sighed in relief as they all cheered happily. Well...Harley still clung to the man but turned his head to face the others with a small smile.
Not just at the possible punishment.
He was starting to regret asking his parents to move back. Sure he loved being around Bucky and within driving distance of his grandma, but was it worth the endless stares and constant attention?
Writing action scenes is not my forte. Please look past it.
“What’d she say?” Peter asked before Tony flicked his ear. “Ow!”
So that Friday he dragged Tony with him to Buck’s baseball game, sitting on the bleachers behind home plate with Clint - in what he realized was a perfect view of the senior’s ass. He hadn’t even known his friend was the catcher, which only kind of made him feel worse about not paying attention to him.
"Oh, well we should hold Daddy to his promises, huh? How about we grab just three bags and I help you try on the first outfit while your sister and Dad talk, okay?" The blonde asked with an extended hand to their youngest, who easily accepted and jumped to grab some bags and race to the closest bathroom. Tony laughed along with Emerson and Steve as the taller father followed the very excited child.
But he got it, hearing more than once around school that Clint was the ‘girl’ in the relationship. There wasn’t a girl in a male-male relationship, it’s literally there in the fucking name - but he understood the ignorance behind it. Didn’t agree with it, but he understood.
“Who all participated in that conversation, Romanoff?” he gritted out.
"Pop, do you want to know why I skipped school or continue answering your own question with hypothetical scenarios?" she asked, getting a snort of laughter from the genius. He quickly composed himself at his husband's look, clearing his throat to cover.
“So…you’re his new arm candy, huh?”
Once outside and heading toward the open car door Happy had for them, they verbalized their approval.
Their friends were happy for them, even if some thought it was a little soon. But once everyone had found out about the soulbond and Steve’s childhood sickness, they all got excited with them.
“Yes but before we get started,” she turned to Peter, “may I use your restroom?” Peter pointed to the hall before responding, “of course! Second door on the left down that hall.” She smiled again at Steve before leaving.
And some of this was for Tony, his
“She’s my friend,” Peter explained, moving back so Steve could move her. The blonde gently lifted her up into his arms, following Peter who helped pull the covers back. The boy then scrambled off his bed and went to his toy box, throwing toys around until he found the one he was looking for. Steve gently removed her shoes and socks before pulling the blanket over her body.
Steve gently rocked the two back and forth, vowing he wouldn’t let that abusive fuck get anywhere near his man again.
"Of course we do, we're still human after all," he said gently tucking the boy in to Steve's side of the bed. "Well, most of us anyway," he said with a smile as he leaned down to kiss Mile's cheek again, laughing a little at the boy's giggles. He then moved around to his side of the bed, kicking his sweatpants off to sleep in his shirt and boxers. He climbed in to cuddle next to his youngest before remembering something else.
“Hey,” she said, continuing when he made eye contact. “For the record, in case it wasn’t completely obvious, I am so
“Hey now! I am almost thirty and you are over a hundred. I think it's fair game at this point.”
“WADE!” he shouted at the now stilled figure.
as he instead curled his hands into fists.
"Happy birthday Emerson," her Dad said as he walked over and wrapped her in a hug. She thanked him after he kissed the top of her head, letting her go as he went to get more coffee. Her Pop turned back around after he turned off the stove, wiping his hands before walking over to her.
for a lifetime,” Peter quipped.
They took Tony’s car, since apparently Steve had purposefully left his truck at home. The sneaky sexy bastard must’ve planned this. He even snuck his card in front of Tony to pay for their ice cream.
“Thanks,
parent,” Steve answered the boy.
“What?”
“Hey Steve, was Fury mad?”
“Oh I am going to kill Barnes,” the blonde growled out, expression softening when the shorter teen took a step towards him.
So needless to say, she was distracted at school. And because she was, she ended up getting detention from her favorite teacher – Mr. Jefferson. Who, she swears, has a personal vendetta against her.
"Hey, so...I kind of need your help with something," she said as she grabbed a handful of his popcorn to eat.
“You are right, my love,” he whispered into his hair. “Now go to sleep.”
, Tony. And yes I think it might somewhat satisfy my inner protective rage,” the blonde teased. The genius knew he was absolutely joking, since he could see the man using the same hand to punch a certain person in the face…
“Fuck you, best two out of three,” Bucky growled out, hating his stupid luck with this stupid game.
“Steve?” the pup asked again, which got a hum from the Alpha for the pup to continue. “Did you know...Father and I never built the dinosaur robot he bought me. He said he was too busy and had to work really hard. It’s still in its box.”
She found the way to them, but was stopped short by a locked double door. She looked around and saw a glass window that had people with badges behind it. She moved to the glass and froze a little at the two girls sitting behind the barrier, both wearing scrubs. She hadn’t spoken to her classmates – who apparently intern at this hospital together – since they tricked her into coming to their sleep over last year. Those same assholes looked up and laughed a little when they noticed her in her ragged state. She took another deep breath and steeled herself to ask them for help.
“What?!”
Honestly? He had never felt taller - even if everyone else was sitting down. Obie looked like he was going to blow a fuse, Sunset had her mouth hanging open in confusion, while Steve was giving him a look that seemed like
“Oh shit, does Rogers have a secret admirer? What’s her name?” Rumlow asked as he wiggled his eyebrows.
Two weeks after they brought Peter home, Steve could barely stand on his own two feet. He was so incredibly exhausted. Every time Tony got up to feed, Steve got up as well. The Alpha insisted on changing diapers and got up with the colicky baby whenever it wasn’t food the pup was after.
book tonight – no none of that pouty lip – I’ll read you as many books as you want tomorrow but Papa’s really tired tonight, okay?” he asked hopefully.
Miles stood gaping at him, wondering who the hell this guy was when his senses warned him of the goon still behind them. But again, before he could do anything an escrima stick went flying past his head and knocked the man down to the floor.
When they pulled apart, Wade was smiling back at him. “More of that later, now, we dance,” he said, grabbing Peter’s hand before heading back inside.
Coffee usually helped the genius. Plus Bruce probably helped. Speaking of, the doctor smiled and waved at the super soldier before making his quiet exit to no doubt go find his girlfriend.
“Tony…” he heard his husband whisper. But before he could convince him otherwise, Tony strode off to the elevator to call Pepper. He didn’t notice the teenage girl hiding behind a bookshelf on his way out.
“You said it all with your eyes.”
“Damn I really thought you were too scared to call him,” he said as he fished some cash out of his wallet and handed it over to Natasha.
When they were done, they joined T'Challa as the group boarded the plane to return to the city. The King's bracelet went off, T'Challa revealing a holographic call from Okoye - who alerted them of the stolen vibranium.
," she whispered to her brother who was shaking with fear.
“Wait, Emerson. You know how I feel about skipping meals. Sam is our guest tonight and it sounds like you and Pete might owe him an apology.”
She thought to herself as she let out a little scoff, debating whether or not to tell him the truth.
“I know, I didn’t mean…” she trailed off, looking away from him again.
“Wait, what?” Tony began to ask, clearly not awake yet. In one quick move, Tony was thrown over the super soldier’s shoulder as he squawked out a “Steven!”
"What are you so worked up about? Harley's fine and he's obviously going to be an Alpha when he presents at twelve and won't have to worry about that anymore."
“Rhodes, can you stay here for me on standby?” he asked, not waiting for an answer as he grabbed his husband’s hand to lead them to the bathroom.
“Then pick a damn color,” she snapped back.
“You think you’ll be okay to sleep in the guest room?” Tony asked. She only shrugged in response, causing the two men to share a look of concern.
“Thank you,” she said with misty eyes. “I love you, Dad.” His eyes got waterier than hers as he smiled brightly back at her.
“How about,” the shorter man said as he gently grabbed Steve’s arms, pushing him back onto the bed, “you just let me take care of you tonight?” Steve fell back onto the enormous mattress, smiling as Tony crawled over to straddle him.
“Watch it bird boy,” his husband said, snaking his arms around Steve’s waist. “That’s our terrorist you’re talking about.”
Which of course is endearing and hilarious to look back on, but it could’ve been avoided if she had a mom.
“Yeah Poppy,” Isaac piped, giggling on his lap when Steve poked his tummy.
He hadn’t heard from Steve all day, and was too busy throwing a pity party to return Pepper’s numerous and unsympathetic texts. He went back to his bedroom to take a shower, suddenly noticing that in his rush to leave, Steve forgot his medic badge.
“–No!” she said, drawing back and protectively wrapping her arms around herself. Steve sat back and glared at her a little as she glared right back.
Right now, he needed to focus on his son.
“He does look damn good in baseball pants. Stevie why don’t you play baseball?” Tony asked him with a pout while also leaning heavily into his side. Steve tried his best to keep a stern face, because the man was implying he should play a sport just so his boyfriend could watch his ass. But the pretty brunette was wearing glasses and Steve’s letterman jacket after overdramatically shivering earlier, so the blonde couldn’t help himself and just kissed the brunette in answer.
“I mean, I won’t lie, her tits are amazing but you know who would’ve done the comic justice?” he asked.
heart surgery?” Steve asked coyly.
“That’s going to be so much fun baby! I was thinking you, me and Steve could go to the dinosaur museum tomorrow, just the three of us. How does that sound?”
“Yes well, that could be part of the reason why you are overthinking this.” She could only gape back at him at that, offended at the accusation. But then again, she did ask T’Challa, the man you can always count on to tell the blunt truth. “Perhaps if I could read the letter, I could help you find your answer.”
“My mom’s allergic too,” Tony said quietly. Steve turned to him with a smile.
“The cunt?”
“Sounds good Pop, I wanna see if I can make Sam cry,” Peter joked. They laughed at Sam’s expense, who only offered a glare in response.
“Talk first, sex after.”
How they’d both recently danced around the “L” word…
“I haven’t forgotten about him, if that’s what this is about…” her Pop tried.
“Oh right, yeah that was dumb.”
“Miles you shut your goddamn mouth,” Peter snapped at him, clenching his fists in anger again.
"Actually, I'm going to head down to the lab for a bit," Tony replied. "Congrats again Barnes," the genius sent her father a wave before leaving the others. She noticed Steve had a frown on his face but he smiled when he turned to the others and waved farewell as well, heading off to their bedroom.
Daci felt her shoulders slump, noticing the way Clint looked sad in that moment as well.
“Yeah, why? What’s up?” she asked.
“I hit her Steve,” his brother said as he brought his hands to cover his face in anguish.
“What, Pete?” his husband inquired.
“No I -” she got out before being electrocuted once more. She cried out in pain, earning her another slap on her face. Tears fell down her cheeks, the gut-wrenching desire for her father suddenly crushing her soul.
Since she was basically a limp noodle at this point, it was easy for the man to handcuff her and escort her out to his car. She saw teachers and other students shaking their heads at her as officers also arrested a few other seniors for presumably drinking as well.
“I can’t! I’ve tried, trust me. Give me a few more years…”
“I’m sure your dads’ would be fine with it!” she encouraged, seriously looking excited at the prospect of the two hanging out.
“How long do you get him?” Steve asked, ignoring Joey’s rudeness in favor of the excitement.
“You became the Hulk in your lab. Tati is taking care of Morgan and Harley so I came to help.”
“So,” May started, taking a swig of her drink, “wanna tell me what’s bothering you?” Joey took her own long swig, wondering to herself how honest she should be. However her insecurities got to her first as she offered this kind woman a way out.
“Just the one! No offense handsome,” Mr. Stark said to Sam, “I’ve just got a thing for blondes, Pepper can vouch for that.”
“Oh, sorry. I took a detour to the cemetery. I wanted to talk to Dad today…”
“Drama queen, you are sixty. I am over a hundred.”
Even if Leo and him didn’t always get along, it was refreshing to see the boy get along so well with his dad. He made it a point to visit his parents more often - especially since they lived closer now - to see the two bond. And yes...maybe also give Peter a break. He was tired of being the bad guy.
He heard Bucky grumble above him, muttering something about how he ‘
“Hulk! Buddy aren’t you tired yet?” Clint called out, laying across Natasha as she carded her fingers through his hair.
“Um...look I’m okay with you two dating and all but I’m going to have to draw the line at you two fucking on my bed while I’m here…”
"I've got pot roast in the oven, but if you're hungry I've got some snacks in the kitchen-" he was cut off from saying anything else when they heard a commotion in the kitchen, shortly before hearing their son shout.
“Clint owes me $50.”
“You won’t like mine…so I wanna hear yours,” he tried again, smiling as his husband shook his head fondly.
“Is this a medical emergency?” he asked her as he kept half his body inside the building. She rolled her eyes at him and stood up straighter to respond.
Bruce she met when Tony took her to his labs at Stark Industries, Steve remembering Tony and Emerson retelling of the day. He hadn’t realized she was interested in science and loved the way she went off on a tangent about Bruce being smarter than Tony, only earning a glare from the genius. Who, the captain noted, was also sporting a small smile.
You know, after what she did to her son.
“Everything okay?” Steve asked after a moment, shifting on his feet at the feeling of still wearing his uniform - but wanting to be there for his friend if he needed to talk about anything. Getting Bucky to talk was like pulling teeth, so if he was willing to talk Steve would seize the opportunity.
"You have to babe, you already promised her," Steve reminded him, ignoring the man's puppy dog eyes.
“Ladies? Is there a reason you’re not walking to class?”
“I need to go too,” Daci added, looking around and finding restrooms nearby. “Look Peter, they’re right there. Let’s go.”
He needed to rid himself of a certain…item and also didn’t want to leave Steve alone right now. After dragging Steve into the big stall, he quickly discarded the expensive toy because he knew his own limits…and this seemed to be the beginning of a long night. Steve wordlessly nodded in understanding and offered a small smile to the brunette before following him out while he washed his hands.
An eternity passed before either spoke.
him! I told you it’s only when we drink. Christ on a cracker just fucking drop it, okay!?” Clint snapped, which had Bucky close his mouth in regret. All he was supposed to do was make sure Clint was okay, and he did that. So why wasn’t he leaving?
“Tati…” she said softly as Bucky walked past her to head to his room. He could see if Vi knew who it was for sure before getting his
"Master Loki can you teach me a spell?" Miles asked excitedly.
“You’re just excited we can sneak off and fuck.”
She heard him take a deep breath, wondering if he was mad enough to skip the usual lecture that came before the punishment.
He didn’t regret any of it, just basked in his own happiness next to his new sis.
“Let me try, Jarvee can tell you guys if I need back up,” she said quietly as she smiled at the two before turning away. Tony rolled his eyes fondly at her nickname for his AI.
But she must’ve been getting sleepy, as just she turned back to Steve with big blue eyes and reached up for him again. They both laughed as Steve bent down to pick her up and saw Bucky check his watch out of the corner of his eye.
He and Tony won homecoming kings by a landslide of write in votes, but Nat and her girlfriend - Valerie from Australia - won prom queens so it evened out.
“Sorry…” Tony trailed off, unsure what to say to that.
“That could have gone a lot worse,” the brunette said as he reached out to rest his hand on his husband’s knee. The blonde smiled back at Tony, nodding in agreement with eyes that said the opposite.
“Yes ma’am,” he whispered. “Please, I can call the cops, or your social worker, or whomever you feel safe with just …” he trailed off, not completely sure how to finish that thought.
EMERSON
May smiled fondly at her as she thought about her friend.
“Hand it over, Barton,” the genius said seriously with his hand out. Clint again rolled his eyes before handing back the folder. Tony then handed it to Emerson who gave him a grateful smile before turning to grab the twenty dollar bill Clint was begrudgingly handing her. Natasha moved to join Rhodey at his bedside.
"Of course I did," the other woman said with a small smile, making the butterflies in her stomach go crazy.
"The vibranium is on route out off the continent, how are the men doing with the diversion?" Klaue asked as Emerson felt her insides coil.
Apparently Tony wasn’t much of a chef, so Steve picked up some ingredients before making his way to the much more expensive two bedroom apartment.
“Hey…what are you two doing up?” he asked as he made his way over to the bed. When he got close enough to her, she turned to wrap her arms around his middle.
“Of course I want to be with you,” James suddenly said in a more serious tone, like the very thought offended the older teen. “Clint...I love you. More than I thought was possible to love someone. I don’t care what happened in your past. I mean...I care that it still affects you today. But...that’s why I’m here. It’s why I brought him,” he finished with a smile, pointing to the fluffball in Clint’s arms. “And I get it...you know if you really don’t want to be with me...I don’t know if I remind you of someone or maybe I’m just a monumental screw up. But...regardless, I love you and want to help.”
When Steve told him he had to get going to help his grandma, Tony had been kind and offered to host next weekend.
So, here's the thing. His little brother absolutely
“Do you have any questions?” Steve asked her gently. She felt her jaw lock to the side as she shook her head no, staring at her plate in front of her.
“What did he say then? You can’t keep me in suspense! I know you’re in love with the guy.” He quickly glanced around embarrassed.
marriage, old man?” Pete teased the other brunette.
“HEY! You all get out of here and out of the line, unless you want us to call the cops.” Peter looked at Emerson, prepared to explain the situation when the group behind them spoke up first.
“Right, well please ask for help the next time that happens. We have this giant here, let’s put him to good use and make him reach for things up high, alright?” Steve pinched the brunette’s side when he came into reaching distance, letting out a yelp and shooting the blonde a pout.
“Suzie Q how did you even get up on the counter? I told you I was going to get you a slice,” Bucky growled out as he wiped the girl’s face and hands with a paper towel.
“Woah, Alexis, we agreed! Nothing to the face. Wouldn’t want the little tattle tale to go crying to her faggy-daddies,” Staci said with a laugh.
His brother’s voice floated through his head, reminding him to never do this angry. Steve swallowed what anger he could as they stepped out of the elevator, walking to the living room.
STEVE
“Yeah, nothing to be ashamed about. Plus he’s a pretty good teacher,” she said to him with a smile, noticing the man in question was swimming over to the two. “Speak of the devil.”
“Ya know, I really think I have enough gifts,” she said before joining the two on her bed, motioning to the cascade of unopened present on her chest of drawers.
“Holy shit,” Steve said, tears in his eyes as he kissed Tony so sweetly. “I think...I think Bruce was right.”
“Is that the only thing that’s bothering you?” Tony asked anxiously, because
“I know, you’re a very sweet young man. But you have tried to get him to talk…”
Because he knew deep down this day would come. The day Tony breaks up with him, moves on for a more exciting and brilliant man. One that comes from money, or matches Tony’s intellect. Maybe he’ll fall for a girl this time. Steve will see him in the magazines with a beautiful woman on his arm.
“Harley! Bambino there you are,” Tony cried as he saw them, grabbing Harley from Steve’s arms to hug the pup. “How are you my love?”
Like Thor’s New Year’s Eve party.
“They are though. By definition, if you think about it. But they’re our parasites, babe,” the brunette said, temporarily stopping his groping attempt.
It didn't look good, as the tracer had brought them here...and there was nothing here.
Peter shook his head at his father, “not that I can tell. I don’t tend to believe rumors. I don’t know why, but hers are particularly rough, which makes me think they might not be true. It’s stuff like her living in foster care, someone told me she used to be a prostitute…I don’t know stupid stuff like that. Again, I try not to listen to that stuff. She seems cool, kind of quiet but I am too…”
“It’s um,” Tony explained as he continued staring at the ceiling. “It’s how I got pregnant. Or at least that’s what Bruce hypothesized…”
He would need to see a doctor to be absolutely sure, but holy fuck...looks like he’s pregnant.
“Smart for a blonde?” he asked as he continued his torture, the brunette’s laugh was music to his ears. Just when he thought Bucky would concede, the older teen reached his hands around and pinched the blonde’s ass.
“Officer Hill almost charged me with…
. We were supposed to run away together.” Clint didn’t respond to that, just looking down at his lap as Bucky saw a tear splash the hospital sheets. The brunette walked over and sat on the chair Natasha had been sitting on.
Since her Pop still had her phone, she used the school phone in the front office to let him know. He sounded frustrated but sympathetic, telling her he’d let May know.
,” she whispered back, squeezing his wrist twice. “Go kick butt.” {
In fact he often daydreamed about it.
“You alright?” Clint asked him, gun lowered to his hip as Bucky barely managed a nod in response. Before either of them could talk, Brock groaned on the ground and attempted to sit up.
“Hey Miles, how was your outing?” Peter asked, but with something sinister happening in his smile. Wade turned around with a matching cheesy smile on his face, crossing his arms over his chest and waiting for Miles to answer.
She loved cookie dough and he loved gushing about the foundation, so really it was a win-win.
“Joey, wake up, you’re having a nightmare.” Her eyes shot open and blinked at him a few times. He offered a half-smile in return, once again wondering if he should’ve gotten Steve for this.
“Okay!” she exclaimed with a smile, hopping a little in place as she considered what to do first.
“…it’s why…it’s why I’m not
"I love Iron Man! Spiderman is just my favorite and I couldn't carry both," he said almost sadly. Steve smiled as his husband instantly caved, kneeling down to address the boy.
His love always read with enthusiasm, voice changing for each character. His face would scrunch up adorably when he read a dramatic part, or stretch out to emphasize an excited character. Really it was more fun to just watch Steve’s face while he read, rather than the occasional picture he’d show to Peter to help legitimize the story.
With some help from those that loved him...which included his new furball.
Wade had been out of the country the last week, unable to meet the newest addition to the family. When he finally got back earlier today, after giving Peter a kiss in greeting, he had called Steve to ask if they could take Miles out for a few hours. The vigilante was obviously still exhausted from his trip and it just seemed like...well, Wade was avoiding Peter.
“Good for you,” Peter muttered before walking him and Leo back to the car.
“Good, then I’ll be waiting for you in the bedroom,” the blonde said with a wink before stealing a quick kiss from the brunette’s lips.
HYDRA training her to…” Steve watched as his oldest friend took a deep, shaky breath. “They were preparing her to...seduce world leaders before killing them. And earlier...I wasn’t in the room but she apparently ‘showed Clint’ what HYDRA taught her.”
"I'm sorry," he said quietly.
“Okay,” the brunette said with less confidence. “How about you circle the block while I put someone d-o-w-n for a n-a-p,” he said, spelling out the words. It didn’t work.
“Well, I’ll see if I can ‘persuade’ Tony,” the blonde added with a wink before waving at someone behind the teen. “I have to go to a meeting, it was great seeing you honey. I’ll see you soon!” she called out already clicking her way down the hall.
Guilt crept in the back of her mind with that thought. Then that guilt immediately dissipated when Cara grabbed her hand briefly amongst the crowd.
He cautiously walked into his bedroom, careful not to wake the occupants. His smile stayed plastered on his face at the scene before him. Tangled limbs could be made out under the mass of blankets covering everything but two sets of brunette hair. He never understood how Tony could sleep so smothered, the thought made Steve claustrophobic, but seeing him and his foster daughter snuggled warmly made him a little jealous.
“You had a seizure?” he asked quietly as she felt her body attempt to freeze again, only to sag in his arms from exhaustion. She nodded in agreement as he led the two to a chair and pulled her onto his lap.
She pulled back to laugh at him, rolling her eyes fondly at the man before she wiped her eyes with her hands. He chuckled along with her as she shifted more comfortably on his lap to rest the back of her head against his shoulder, the genius wrapping his arms around her once again when she settled back against him. She then gently grabbed one of his hands and started tracing the lines on it.
However, when she saw the tear tracks on her little brother's face, her excitement quickly morphed to anger. She listened to him explain what happened on the ride home as she decided she'd let her dads have the honor. They took the elevator up in silence as Emerson held his hand on the ride up. They walked into the living room, able to hear the sounds of the men laughing about something as she released her grip on his tiny hands. At the sight of the crying boy, the three superheroes were instantly alert. Her Pop immediately walked over to the boy who had his arms stretched out to the man. The blonde brought him into his crushing embrace before he turned to his daughter for an explanation.
“Tati?” the girl asked in confusion, not jumping into his outstretched arms.
“None of you are doctors, okay? You guys have no idea how close I was to taking the stairway to heaven,” he said with a smile, laughing as his family groaned at him. Like hell he wasn’t going to milk this for all it’s worth.
“I don’t think -”
As he swung around a building down the alleyway, he froze realizing his target had evaded him. He took another moment to look around; surely he could spot a red suited figure creeping around. Disappointed, he swung back to the crime scene, surprised to find a duffle-bag he must have missed earlier. He carefully stepped around the dead bodies before squatting down in front of the bag. He slowly zipped it open, not that surprised to find bundles of cash inside.
so I only had to worry about
“Oh nonsense, Howard ordered Thai and it should be here any minute. And you aren’t to blame for anything dear, so don’t apologize,” Maria said as she sat back down on the couch. Just as Tony and Peter joined them, the doorbell rang. “And that would be lunch. Want me to take him so you can eat?”
“Harley isn’t his biggest fan. I think he’s not over what happened with Sunset,” Tony said quietly just as the little devil they were discussing turned towards them.
“Where’s Tony?”
Peter realizes after an hour of playing games on the tablet that this is the first time his Pop used him for comfort. His Dad had done it plenty of times, especially when Peter was young and Pop was away on mission. He slept in his dads’ room a lot, but especially when his Pops was away and even found his Dad had curled up into his own bed on some of those nights. He remembers his Dad coming home from work and just pulling Peter into his lap in comfort as he was reading or watching TV or playing video games. He wouldn’t interrupt Peter for long, just enough to get him comfortable before Peter resumed whatever he had been doing.
It was such a different feeling than when he’d considered this six years ago with Ty. Well, when Ty had still been an option. His ex wasn’t anywhere near perfect, but the fleeting feeling of not being alone to raise the pup had put hope in Tony’s heart. Of course, the Alpha had squashed that when he upped and moved to Europe.
He even crossed his arms as he thought, tapping his foot a few times before looking back at her sadly.
Squeezing Wolf helped her a little bit with the shame she felt, but her father towering over her almost canceled it out.
And since he did, he released his prisoner at nine seconds, ready for the pup to pop back up again. Instead Harley just stayed on his back, wiping his eyes from happy tears and gazing up at Steve.
“I’ll come back as soon as possible,” Steve said to Tony in an apologetic voice. The brunette glared at the blonde before using the hand that wasn’t holding Harley to pull his husband’s shirt towards him before kissing him harshly.
“I’M” Peter barely managed between laughs, “I’M TOO OLD.”
“No one calls me James, you know I go by Bucky right?”
“I wouldn’t twist your arm,” she said sadly, watching Clint turn around and face morph into panic.
“Well it’s a good thing you never did, or the world wouldn’t be blessed with this,” Clint said as he made his dramatic entrance from the bathroom, stopping to pose in front of them.
And his incredible family.
“You’re everything to me, Steve. I don’t care what you decide to do. Honestly, it’s stupid of society to assume we can make a life-long decision at eighteen anyway. You’ll figure it out, I know it cause I have every bit of confidence in you. You can move with me to Massachusetts and just work if you wanted. And if all else fails, you could just be my trophy husband. You could do art during the day and 'entertain' me at night. I’d probably have to enforce a no-clothes rule, purely for the sake of your creative spirit, but I’m sure I could find an apartme-” Steve stopped this ridiculous fantasy with a gentle kiss.
“His name’s Lucky,” he heard his boyfriend explain, before the brunette walked over to the dog pile Clint still refused to extract himself from.
She stayed in his embrace but watched as Vivienne had her phone back to her ear and was walking away...while her father turned to her with even angrier eyes.
“You...y-you can’t do that-” the man sputtered out.
“I’m good.”
“Don’t you ‘doll’ me James Buchanan Barnes! You really think Tony is hot, don’t you?” Bucky looked at his brother for help, but Steve only offered him a smug smile as he took a sip of his beer.
“And how is that, Miss Smith?” the official asked.
Nope! See you soon.
“You forget I befriended your teacher, Miss Bishop. She told me what happened but left out the juicy details. Spill, peanut,” he said before running a hand through her hair, instantly making her feel better.
Except there waiting for them, was Staci and a few of her goons.
“I just want him to be safe,” Steve said quietly, starting to feel defeated.
talk to me,” Steve pointed out, hugging the man a moment later before releasing him. “Now, do you actually want tea?” he asked, frowning when the other man shook his head no.
That shit was amazing.
“And what, I’m dating you for your brains?” Clint couldn’t help but punch him in reflex.
"Um...wow," the man said as he genuinely looked amazed at the family. "She really doesn't tell anyone anything, does she?" All - minus Miles - quickly realized who he meant as Emerson and Peter shouted the answer.
“Just…stay away from it until you’re of age. There’s this man…he’s trying to ruin my career. And my boss thinks he’s trying to get a scandalous pap picture of you drinking. Which means he knows about it, but doesn’t have any evidence to back it up. And if he did…well it doesn’t bode well on my leadership skills if I can’t get my own kid to obey the laws.”
"Peter just said his first word!" Tony explained with a grin, watching as his family all came over to them where Peter was grinning from all the attention. Minus Pappy, who was in fact still napping.
“She’ll be back by the time you wake up, Peter,” Steve assured the sleepy looking boy.
. So you belong to HYDRA.”
“Remind me again why I put up with you?” he asked before pulling back, though still staying in his husband's hold. A dopey grin spread across that handsome bastard’s face before he bent down to steal a kiss from the shorter man’s lips.
“Leo?” Steve asked the boy, who looked up from the tablet to smile shyly back at the man.
“But maybe if he knew-”
“I will, thank you Commander.”
“–Seriously?” Steve interrupted and shoved his husband in response.
“Give Petey my love and tell him I’ll see you guys on Thursday,” she said after Tony easily accepted the kiss, waving at her as she made her way to the elevator.
He should've known better, Tony was just standing behind him staring at his ass when the blonde checked behind him. He quickly turned around, trying to get the child to act like an adult as he processed this information.
“No, no it’s an expression,” the blonde said, arms waving frantically as he came to squat down in front of the girl. “Like you
He got up, feet moving on their own accord as he left his bedroom in a huff. Daciana was walking in the hallway with a scared expression on her face, Bucky not even registering it was his demeanor that was frightening her.
“You can paint whatever you want on the canvases I ordered, it’ll be fun, I promise. I also ordered little smocks so you won’t have to shower after,” Steve added before turning the stove off and helping her down off the counter.
“Well that’s silly!” they turned in shock at their son. “My daddies are superheroes, Ashley! No reason to be scared,” he sassed as they saw her face perk up a little in hope.
She watched her father open his mouth to respond before being interrupted by Peter calling from the kitchen.
Steve closed the last book as Daci began to shift next to him, looking around and realizing Peter, Harley and Morgan were all asleep. She stretched her arms out as the two men began to shift around her.
"God I love that chick," Clint said before he heard his -
“Text me, maybe we can hang out later,” Cara said with a wink as she turned and walked away with the kid.
"You're right...only good things to look forward to," Steve said with confidence as they got into Tony's car once more. The brunette reached over and grabbed Steve's face in his hands, pulling him in to kiss his lips before pulling back abruptly.
The four waited as the music and lyrics played throughout the kitchen. Peter and Emerson started dancing on their stools to the beat. Tony held up a finger to his husband, indicating the reference would come soon. After some crude words the chorus started and Tony looked back into his husband’s eyes as it played.
"Em if you're not comfortable with Bruce doing it I'm sure we can schedule something with your doctor..." Steve offered as she shook her head no.
“That’s true Petey, but Momma is more of an Aunt to Joey than a Momma…” Tony tried to explain as Peter just looked more confused.
Peter’s eyes narrowed a little, not entirely sure where she was headed with this. “Yes…”
Probably free babysitting for the rest of his life. Well, he already kind of offered that all the time; whatever he would babysit without complaining.
He scanned the building, frowning when he finally spotted a little boy sitting on the concrete next to a standing teacher. Steve quickly put his truck in park before rushing over to the pup.
She felt warmth throughout her body as she sat with the people she loved most.
“Thanks for telling me,” the brunette whispered and kissed his temple. “Anytime you wanna talk, I’m here for you, okay?”
Steve’s smile brightened as he thought about his little genius
“Look at you, my lad! You have grown since we last met! Soon you will even tower over the Captain here. How are you, young one? Your fathers have failed to keep me updated on your latest adventures.”
Bucky saw red.
“Just because I’m not responsible doesn’t mean I can’t feel sympathy for you.” She was notably taken aback by that, eyeing him suspiciously. “And for the record, I’d happily rip out her ovaries. All the ovaries and all the balls necessary.” He smiled when she smiled, glad to see her be a child for just a moment.
“I meant it Steve,” his brother said without looking at him.
to fuck his daughter. I’m the other one,” the brunette quipped back, getting a laugh from the teen who tried her best to hide it.
Rumlow and will probably only love you more for it.”
“At what? Talking about your feelings? Cause I feel like most guys have that problem…”
"No," the boy confessed, "I had an accident." The genius realized then that the blankets were bundled up around him as he continued sniffling. Without hesitation, he reached his arms out to bring the soiled boy on his lap. He ignored the way it made his own sweatpants damp, as he gently rocked the boy back and forth and shushed him.
And out of the shadows, like a knight in shiny black armor, came Clint with a gun extended from his right hand. Clint eyed Bucky while he walked over to them, Rumlow’s friends quickly abandoning him on the floor, scrambling to run away.
He never lost his accent, which was always entertaining to Steve and Bucky.
She looked back at May, who was simply smiling patiently back at her.
“It means at least temporarily adding another member to our family. Taking in a scared shitless kid who desperately needs someone to give a shit,” he said nonchalantly.
She was walking in the halls when she heard commotion around the front office. Since she wasn’t necessarily in any hurry to get to her English class, she tried to peer above the crowd to see what all the hubbub was about.
“Oh, cool. Daddy told me my name means ‘rock solid.’ But I would rather it mean wolf.” She chuckled a little at him before taking another long look at the wolves.
...though that usually involved dragging James back to his apartment with him.
Leo woke up every night in screaming nightmares, only comforted by Wade - and that was only about half the time. When Peter tried, nearly breaking down at the sight of the terrified and crying boy, Leo made it clear he didn’t want him by screaming ‘don’t touch me!’ at the man.
“Buck…” he began to whine, even though he had complied and was currently leaning against the counter.
“I love you,” the Alpha said before pulling the Omega into a kiss.
Steve took a deep breath and replied calmly.
“Steve!” Tony cried, anger and sorrow battling through the bond as the Omega rushed over to the Alpha. “That...that sonofabitch! Harley heard him and ran away! I can’t find him anywhere!”
The genius felt a small wave of anger roll over him. “You think I find this amusing? Do you really think we bring this up for our own enjoyment?”
But then a familiar voice pushes the others back, a gentle hand grasping Joey’s as she made out Officer Hill kneeling in front of her. The woman tenderly grabbed the teen’s wrists and placed them above her head, calmly talking Joey through what she voiced as a ‘panic attack.’
“You love us.”
The next day, he leaned against the counter as he waited for both the coffee to finish brewing and his oldest friend to join him. Steve, Emerson, Peter and Miles were in the screening room having a Disney marathon as the genius asked his friend over to talk to.
But to have malicious sluts trigger something out of you that left her unconscious and vulnerable like that? What if they removed her clothes and took pictures? What if there’s more pictures than the ones they posted? Or what if they invited one of the three guys that also got arrested to…do things to her?
She wasn’t in trouble. She hadn’t done anything wrong and her parents believed her. Even if it was only because that bitch confessed…
an apology.”
“I wouldn’t get too excited, mostly I’m curious as to why now,” she said bluntly. Carolyn’s eyes narrowed a little before she put a smile back on her face. The waitress came back to take their order, Joey hastily picking a burger and fries to be safe.
The genius’ eyes watered as he looked between his husband and his son.
“No, if the faggy wants his ass beat, who am I to deny him of that?” Rumlow slurred out as Clint felt James take a step closer to him.
“HEY! I----I wasn’t the one who broke the glass!” yelled the short brunette who made his way into view. Steve immediately became distracted at the sight of the beautiful olive-skinned man stumbling his way over to the group. He recognized him from the magazines, hair a little messy from drinking but still rocking a well tailored suit.
“My airplane got stuck on the bookshelf,” the six year old said simply, shrugging his shoulders in response once again.
Again, he felt terrible…horrible and incredibly guilty. Not only was he keeping a huge secret from his dads but he had also roped his sister into keeping the secret. She hadn’t seemed to mind when he talked to her in private later, more curious about his powers and abilities. But she didn’t deserve any weight of his guilt.
After listening to the inputs of two teenagers giving his husband a day and a half to blow off some steam – Steve thought he had an idea of how to handle the fight he was having with Tony. He put some of the supplies he had gathered, putting it into his gym bag before texting Pepper that he was headed to her place to talk to Tony.
Bucky was on his back, groaning over dramatically while Harley giggled over him.
“Mr. Stark, that is a matter of he said/he said –” Jennifer began.
“You were supposed to go to May’s because I fucking told you to; not because you were babysitting your brother
“Hey Peter rabbit!” Harley called, swimming over to his Papa and wrapping his arms around the Alpha’s neck. Upon seeing his brother, Peter squealed and reached for the other pup. Clint had other plans as he swirled the baby in the water and away from his brother.
“My daughter,” he corrected her. She sneered at him but didn’t address that further.
“Come on,” Tony finally said, remaining mysterious as he got out and walked inside, not waiting for Steve to follow. The blonde did after a moment, looking around suspiciously as he followed the brunette up to his old room. The place hadn’t changed in the year and a half since he’s been inside, Steve momentarily wondering who was in charge of upkeep when they arrived at Tony’s room.
Peter did a quick eye roll before responding, “Happy is driving the limo, I have the tickets, made the reservation for dinner and have his boutonniere. I promise to be home by one am, won’t touch any alcohol or drugs offered to me, remember my manners and only sip the koolaid of the Satan-worshipping cult –” Steve smacked the back of Peter’s head, eliciting a “my hair!” from the sarcastic teen.
“I’m sorry baby, I’m so sorry,” Buck said quietly, bringing his head out to look at Clint while also adding a few kisses to his clothed chest. His boyfriend’s fingers continued detangling his brown locks, gently massaging his scalp but eyes still trained on the clouds.
PETER
“And yet you managed to win?” Tony teased with a matching smile.
“Grow up, I was going to suggest - the possibility - of getting back in the dating pool. So you can have a partner to sleep with,” Steve said, his seriousness undercut by his mocking tone.
“You’re not going to greet your old friend?” Rhodey spoke up, getting a chuckle from the genius as Ty’s face flushed at seeing him again. “Or how about Tony’s husband? Steve? I believe you two have met?” the man said while gesturing to Steve.
“You deserve it for calling a child a whore!” another woman yelled, this time in front of them in line. The crowd was on their side, murmuring in agreement.
“This is powerful shit you were exposed to Barnes, could’ve made me cheat on Steve,” Tony said, which did nothing for Bucky’s current shitstorm of emotions raging inside his chest.
And to Clint’s delight, it involved secretly molesting the older teen.
His thoughts were interrupted when his phone buzzed, a call from an unknown number – with an area code he didn’t recognize. He stared at it, unsure if he wanted to answer. After a moment it went to voicemail and he looked a moment longer before picking up his phone to listen to the message.
“Good to be met,” Tony said with a squeak.
“That’s incredible, Tony. I…” he felt his eyes get watery at the idea.
“And why the sudden interest in
“Okay, you wanna take lead again? Since you’re so good at it?” the blonde teased with a smile at the love of his life.
She was angry thinking of Steve. And terrified.
“I’m sure there is, but right now
“Steve’s phone. Oh my god...yeah of course, which hospital? Oh...okay we’re on our way. Stevie get up, come on, I’ll drive you.”
“Get off me faggot,” Rumlow growled and wiggled some more.
“Oh honey, why not? You know this won’t change things between us, right? I know a lot has changed with you in the last few months...with me and Steve bonding, then us moving into this house and now I’m pregnant...but baby, It’s not like you're going anywhere,” Tony said as a joke, feeling bad when his pup shut his eyes and actually began crying. “Bambino,” the Omega murmured, reaching over to grab his boy and bring him into his lap.
She told him about Xavier, and Cara and even whined to him about Mr. Jefferson. Which he was not happy about, but he also opened up to her about this Stone guy and work drama – even confided in her about how at his next birthday he’ll be older than her Dad had ever been.
“He’s Elsa,” Tony answered for him, the man notoriously hated that song.
“You may want to move bro, Steve called dibs on that spot.”
“I’m going to make some tea,” the doctor said quietly, standing up and triggering Bucky’s reflexes. He moved to stand in front of the man when the redhead suddenly appeared in between them, blocking Bucky from his target. But before he could attack, the doctor spoke up again.
“Iron Man.”
“She’s not a nice person, Tati! You don’t know what she’s like when you aren’t around.”
“Well now, you said some dinosaurs could swim!” Steve teased further, keeping a straight face when the pup pulled back to glare at him.
,” the blonde said with such sincerity and confidence Tony melted into a puddle below him. “Tony...I know we shouldn’t rush things but...I think I already told you I love you. This is everything I’ve ever wanted...with my dream guy.”
"Em, I'm...I'm so sorry," the genius said as he felt his eyes get misty. He looked down at his hands in embarrassment as his daughter moved sit in the genius' lap, wrapping her arms around him. The billionaire happily returned the embrace as he felt his chest warm up in love, growing when he felt his husband shift to join the hug, hands rubbing their daughter's back.
“You mean that she was so blase about replacing Samantha Rose?” he interrupted her train of thought, continuing while she looked back at him in shock. “But she did not replace Samantha because no one can. She also, my dear, did not replace you by having another daughter. Your birth mother is simply living her life and inviting you to be a part of it.”
His husband, Em happily noted, was not. Emerson continued smiling as her darker-haired father simply shrugged at his disgruntled son.
Standing a few feet away was a woman who looked…just like…
Listening to the sounds of his happy older pup recount their amazing day with his grandparents.
A smile broke across James’ face before the brunette gave him the middle finger. Then, an idea came into the blonde's mind. Clint smiled, stood up a little straighter and signed as quickly as he could: ‘
“Am I spoiled?” he asked again, ignoring his father’s question.
“Is that why you’ve been hogging the bathroom for two hours??”
there was a pause, Peter could feel his heart drop.
What he hadn't expected or counted on - was the painful side of the bond.
Which was all…so incredibly lame.
"Hey," the blond one said, before the brunette lovingly replied, "hey stranger." Emerson looked away at their undying cuteness, grimacing when she could hear them kiss very loudly - despite her and Pete groaning even louder in protest. They ignored the oldest until the youngest spoke up.
All of that flew out the window when he met Steve Rogers. A tall, blond and gorgeous Alpha who was kind and shy. What he first thought would at least be the most amazing one night stand turned into running into the same Alpha again in the park. He had felt horrible for leaving without a note, but his Mama had called and said Harley was going to the hospital.
Tony was wracking his brain trying to think of a way to help when they heard tiny feet quickly approaching. He looked up in time to see their no-longer-eldest sprinting towards them with Miles trying to grab him.
Emerson smiled at that, even if that was a lot people, she was never one to turn down Sam’s cooking.
“Now what’s this I hear about you and Clint and a bow and arrow?” At that Daci’s eyes lit up, and as she began giving her father a play by play of her day - Tony decided that was an opportune time to excuse himself to the kitchen.
"Also, yes," Wade answered with a smirk as Peter pulled back to glare at him. "So damn cute when you pout," Wade said as he pulled Peter by his jacket back into his embrace and onto his lips once more.
“Well then, it’s settled. You wanna help me propose to him this weekend?” he asked. She nodded yes, but before she could offer any suggestions they heard a knock on the door.
“Thanks, Dad,” Tony said quietly, warmth filling him until Howard opened his mouth again.
“Karma my love,” their mom said as she kissed his cheek in passing.
“Toys of course! But leave the stuffed octopus, that’s for Morgan. Oh, who’s this?” Rhodey asked as he made his way over to sit on one of the couches. Daci looked skeptically back and forth between Tony and Rhodey, so the genius went back to sit in his original position.
“It’s fine, he was a great man. He was smart and kind, funnier than I’d ever admit to him,” she stopped to smile fondly at the memory. “He was a mechanic, owned his own shop up until I was about 10. And then…something about the economy and he had to sell the shop. So then he had to work odd jobs – thus the carnie – until he ended up in construction.”
“You’re going to need to be more specific…”
“I think you should go,” she gritted out at him. Wade stole once more look at Peter before following orders. Steve felt bad for the kid, he still wasn’t sure the whole story, but he could tell one thing – his kids were
“We should,” the blonde said as he kept kissing him, “go…” he fumbled when Tony rolled his hips against him. Tony kept kissing him, hands roaming across the broad chest and resting on his nipples, rubbing them over the fabric of his shirt.
“You wanna put your money where your ugly ass mouth is?” James asked with a smirk, snaking his arm around the blonde’s waist. Clint watched as Rumlow eyed the two for a moment before he pulled his wallet out and put two twenties on the table, eyeing Hannah until he followed suit. Clint pulled out his own wallet and watched as he and James put the money on the table as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Xavy’s fine, still feels guilty though,” she responded to her Dad as she focused on scooting next to her brother to color with him.
He told them what happened the night the three had tried to go to dinner, how some creeps from her past had confronted her. Surprised and grateful Wade had sticken up for her, he was still fuming from the story. Peter finished his story mentioning her sperm-donor, causing the two parents to lock eyes.
It was domestic and calm and all Steve had ever wanted. And as loath as he was to admit it, the Alpha could clearly use the help. So he decided to take full advantage of the situation and enjoy the next few days of rejuvenation.
“I…I…” Joey began to stutter out as the beautiful woman’s nose scrunched up adorably.
If there was any adult in the tower who would let her try with a
“You know what? Fuck you Xavier,” she said, unable to think of anything else and turning to walk away from him. Her feelings got the better of her, but she was unable to stop as she walked in the direction of Build-A-Bear.
“Lead the way.” Steve followed the man, stopping at Tony’s recovery room to show Harley his Daddy through the glass. “
“Okay!” Peter choked out between laughs. She stopped her onslaught and gently placed the boy down.
Regardless, the superhero worried even as he was distracted by his ridiculous family.
, he thought to himself.
“What do you mean? One, you get to decide your own grief, and two, I catch you thinking about him a lot. Nothing wrong with that.”
“Aw, you know me so well Esteban. Yes that is exactly why. Also because I’m sure I’m going to make a beautiful redhead.”
“¿Porque no los dos?” she asked with a wink, popping another strawberry in her mouth before exiting out of the kitchen. The blonde turned to look at Tony with a brow raised.
“Have you heard from Peter?” Emerson asked as she disentangled herself from Tony, suddenly actually uncomfortable from the physical contact. Tony didn’t seem fazed or offended, turning his attention to the remainder of his pancakes before answering.
“G’aff, g’aff!” Morgan called from the stroller, tiny hands reaching out towards the animal.
“I love you,” he whispered after resting their foreheads together. Tony smiled in return before whispering it back.
Joey stared at the woman…considering her words as she still wasn’t sure if she could fully trust her. The train whistle blew from a distance, indicating her train was arriving at her stop. She looked at the woman before continuing on her path.
"Yes," the arachnid said without hesitation, laughing as Wade stumbled to fit the ring on his finger before smashing their mouths together in joy. He barely heard the cheers from the other loves of his life as he focused solely on the one who held his heart.
“I know I
They were alone in a secluded mansion, fifteen miles from the nearest town. Norman Osborn, Harry’s father, was always at his company. His mother died years ago and Harry had told him that ‘the help’ only came on the weekends.
“Hey, I thought you liked those pajamas,” Tony said accusingly.
between Peter and Steve, one eyebrow raised the whole time. Steve, ever the concerned parent, asked “is everything okay Emerson?”
Their dads spent most of the day in their bedroom – which neither teen was really complaining about. Out of sight, out of mind and all that.
“I kind of like watching Morgan pat your face,” she said with a smile, which made Clint frown, which made Morgan laugh with delight, which made the smile on Daci’s face that much bigger.
“Stevie! Seriously, come on man. I can’t go out and have fun knowing you’re sitting here with Lucky watching FRIENDS reruns,” the Alpha whined,
,” she whimpered out before curling her arms around the pillow to cry the rest of herself out, not caring about anything else at this point but the intense pain consuming her backside and twisting her stomach into knots.
“Rogers, any idea why I called you in here today?”
It seemed like a good decision though, when the brunette squealed adorably before kissing Steve like his life depended on it. He balanced the love of his life as he walked them to their shower, before quickly helping each other strip down completely.
“Then, you should get married.” She watched her Tati with a smile as he moved to sit next to her so she could see his face.
Steve finally looked up, knowing Peter had had enough as he moved to shoot his web to the ceiling. He shot upwards before settling upside down a few feet above an amazed Miles. Peter looked smugly at the five year old, who was too excited to notice as he quickly stood up on the couch and extended his arms towards the superhero. He smiled as his husband used his phone to take pictures and Emerson moved to spot them. Peter carefully pulled the boy up with him and swung hum around a little with his webs.
She closed her eyes and loudly proclaimed ‘fuck!’ since she wouldn’t be able to again for the next few days.
“Good,” Steve said in answer, loving the surprise on the boy’s face. “If I’m ever mean to your Daddy, you should absolutely tell on me. Your Daddy is nice and deserves someone who is nice to him.” Harley clearly hadn’t been expecting that answer, as he stared at the older blonde for a few more seconds before puffing up his chest.
He didn’t verbally answer, but his big smile at watching the two guys juggle the twins kind of answered her question for him. The toddlers were both in their bathing suits, but were being fitted with floaties when Isaac toddled away fast enough to jump into the pool. Peter held Lilli back from doing the same as Wade quickly jumped in and pulled his giggling toddler up out of the water.
He came back with some cough syrup and other medications, Gatorade bottles, a thermometer, a trash bag and more tissues. He knew how difficult it was to make someone drink nasty cough syrup and also knew his family well enough to deal with the most difficult one first.
He would rather Bucky and Clint tease him rather than pity him, so he chalked it up to a one night stand and snuck out for a run. Sure enough, the two teased him relentlessly when he got back, which he took all in stride. It was just a one night stand, he’d held up his end of the bargain so neither could whine at him about going out again.
Said spineless sperm donor decided to grace Tony with his presence the next day. The Omega was hard at work with his latest design in renewable energy, elbows deep in designs when there was a sudden knock on the door.
“I know Steve...so do I,” the other teen said sadly. When Steve looked back up at him, he seemed deep in thought. He stood there another moment before snapping his fingers. “Jarvis!”
his mate chuckled before hanging up
“You’ve used that argument before, kiddo.”
"You could try talking to your husband," the kid suggested sarcastically, smirking at his Dad. Tony returned the retort with his own suggestion.
Steve was pretty furious, but the man could still sleep through just about anything. So he didn’t notice the last few nights when Tony slipped out of bed to either work in his lab or watch TV in the living room.
“Hey, I would’ve guessed it when your husband came home and you acted funny with him. This way, we save time and cut past your bullshit,” Sourpatch said before taking what looked like a victory sip from his mug.
"No you're not."
“Yes, my name is Steve Rogers, I’m a-”
“I’m not thrilled you went behind my back…”
She ran past Sam when they got back to the floor to find her Dad’s room. Rhodey and Bruce were standing outside of it, smiling at her as she opened the door to enter. Peter was curled up on Tony’s  right side, arms snaked around him in an octopus hold as his face rested on his chest. Her Pop was sitting with his back to her on her Dad’s other side, laughing at something someone had just said. She quickly moved up to that side of the bed to see her Dad’s face.
He felt a hand gently pressed against his chest, turning his attention back to see Clint signing '
Steve hummed in thought as he slowly started unbuttoning his button down shirt. Tony stared at his hands, a smile spreading across his face as he watched his husband undress. The brunette raised a brow at the blonde, who smirked back at him before idly throwing his uniform top over the nearest chair closest to them.
Her heart ached with all that’s happened today. She was too tired to continue playing like this woman was the real reason she was so upset.
Pete took that as a sign to stand up and introduce himself, instantly freezing when the boy startled back in fear.
“Fuck,” he heard again before finally seeing the cause of the profanity. A very beautiful young woman stood in the kitchen, keeled over and holding onto her bloody foot. She was wearing Steve’s pajamas, brown hair thrown up in a bun and sporting thick rimmed glasses. Steve somehow had a broom appear in his hands, cleaning up the mess around the girl until he could safely get to her.
“Oh, I um...I passed,” her Tati said with a blush on his face, walking towards the recliner before sitting down with Harley in his lap. Daci watched with a smile as everyone congratulated him before she walked over to sit on the ground next to Steve and Morgan.
“Yes, I saw her...
“Goddammit,” he said before looking up at the two confused people. “All this time I thought you were turning into Bucky…but I’ve
"It's your hair baby girl," he said before adding, "besides your Dad's the one who will protest."
“How come wolves are your favorite, Daci?” Peter suddenly asked beside her, no longer on his father’s shoulders.
“That’s not the point, Tony. Peter - though he’s doing a great job as a stay at home dad,” his Pop emphasized, “is struggling with the twins and his husband didn’t acknowledge that.”
“Well…at least it sounds like you and your dad were close,” he said with a smile.
"Thank you for bringing our son a present, it's just not appropriate here for someone his age," Steve explained as he turned his attention to his quiet son. He rubbed the boy's shoulders in comfort, glad to see him smile when he realized he wasn't in trouble.
The family leaned back into the couch, making themselves comfortable as Steve sent a thanks upstairs for his life.
“Dude…you
“Hey! Both of you, go sit down. Before I put you both in time out,” he chastised them as Joey couldn’t help but laugh along with Tony as they only walked a few feet away to the other side of the kitchen island; both watching him and oogling at the food.
“–I’m well aware of what you are,
“Oh that’d be fun!” she said in agreement, laying on her stomach next to him and reaching over for a pillow. He obliged, handing her one of Tony’s, smiling when she smelled it as she settled it under head comfortably.
he sees him?” she repeated back to him.
Clint had been so busy petting Lucky and reminiscing about his brother, he just caught the tail end of their conversation.
Beautiful mountains cascaded the landscape flourished with some of the tallest trees she's ever seen. There was an enormous waterfall lining the horizon as the sun set on the African county. Her fears were squashed by her excitement, momentarily forgetting about meeting the princess again. Her Pop tapped her shoulder, offering a smile as she got up to follow him off the plane.
CLINT
The Captain came out of his office when he heard the commotion in the common area, smiling at seeing his husband and daughter surprise him.
"Does this mean I can call you Dad?" the boy asked unsure into Tony's neck. The man groaned in fake pain from the overly adorable question.
“Andy, this is my friend Clint. Clint, this is Andy,” James answered with his back to them.
His little brother's giggles interrupted his train of thought as Peter turned to wave at the laughing boy who was trying to swing higher than Wade. Miles waved back as he shrieked with laughter.
“Jo…?” Steve asked in disbelief.
“Pick a damn color, Sam!” Rhodey snapped.
“Kids, don’t tease the fossil” he said before leaning up to kiss his husband’s cheek. This only added to the growing giggle fest happening in front of him. “Tonyyyyy,” he whined.
“Baby boy we talked about this,” Tony said before whispering the rest of the conversation with his son. Her father had gently grabbed her wrist, turning her attention towards him.
“Told you Staci!” she heard Alexis laugh, “told you the dyke had a dick!” She heard the others laugh around her, keeping her eyes down as she planned a counter attack.
“Fuck yes I would. I’ve seen his pictures, he doesn’t look that tough.”
“-That woman has a name and if you just came down here to try and tell me how to parent my child -”
“The FUCK is your problem, archer?” Clint blinked back at him, as if he didn’t know why he was angry. The nerve of this guy.
“What happened
When Clint shrieked out in laughter, he found he didn’t really mind it.
Tony finally opened his eyes and turned his head to see his love, who was smiling back at him as the brunette moved to roll on top of his husband.
Peter hesitated before continuing. Now or never.
“Uh huh,” the super soldier replied, not really minding if that’s what they were doing. Steve started making eggs for breakfast, smiling as he remembered Emerson’s slight beam when Thor called her “niece.”
“Well, one year ago this weekend, Daddy and I got married. So we’re going to have private just Papa and Daddy time to celebrate, okay?” Steve responded gently, knowing how Peter can be.
“Okay,” Peter said with a shrug of his shoulders, focusing his attention on the legos.
“Hey! I was thinking of having a party tonight, you should come. Back. This evening,” Tony sputtered out, fidgeting in place as he stood by the door.
,” he clarified when they heard the elevators ding again and the quick patter of footsteps approach. He stole another kiss from the brunette, relishing in the smile he felt against his lips.
“How did you already eat your ice cream?” Tony asked in disbelief as he put his hands on his hips at the sight of the dirty pup.
“Please! He’s not actually my type, I just decided to keep him around cause it meant having you in my life,” she looked at Tony who was trying not to laugh aloud at Steve…who was still glaring at him.
“My middle name?” she asked in confusion.
"Of course, I should let you and your family settle in. If you will excuse me," Shuri said with a little bow, luckily turning away before she could see Emerson try to bow in return; earning an actual snort from her father. She quickly turned around to glare at him, which only made him laugh harder. Her Pop saved her, walking over to them giving her Dad and older brother
“Three?” Clint asked as he followed him inside, excited at the prospect of cake, shutting the door behind him and taking a look around. “Jesus how many Barnes’ are there?”
He stood a few feet away, hands grabbing his hair as he looked back at Steve in disbelief. Concern washed over the blonde, immediately squashing his anger as he frowned at how scared his husband was at the simple mention of that man.
“I told you I wasn’t mad at you and I meant it. I knew that kind of thing was inevitable.”
It just didn’t hurt that he had an awesome Australian accent to go along with his tall muscular frame.
“How old is he?” Steve asked, confused because Tony didn’t look much older than him, and this pup was at least…
“Hi,” the boy said back, offering a smile and a wave.
"Because...because I hear you guys joke to the other Avengers that you're glad you have older children. That you guys will get more
“My man?” he asked her with a smile. She smiled back at him before responding.
“Peter, with me. Emerson – I’m trusting you to wrangle the Avengers enough to not overtire your Dad. Who” he added a sharp finger point back at Tony without looking at him, “is to remain in bed until Dr. Chase says otherwise, clear?”
“You think I’m worried about me?” she asked interrupting his train of thought, hopping down before taking her cup over to sit on a stool. “I’ve survived up until this point; I’m not worried about my housing. I’m worried about you.” He looked at her surprised and at a loss for words.
Emerson nodded, heart beating faster as she planted her feet to listen.
Then they heard another explosion, coming from the somewhere in the city.
He opted to be quiet when he felt her slowly fall back against the bed, her feet now dangling off the side but still laying over the super soldier. He smiled when she stretched and yawned, exhausted probably physically in addition to emotionally.  She finally broke the silence between the two.
son as the big blonde Alpha purred in return. Cheeks adorably flushed pink, scent of happiness and insecurity wafting off him. Unable to resist any longer, Tony leaned forward so he could kiss his pup on the head before turning to kiss his Alpha on the lips.
“Ah! Because I disobeyed you! And put myself in danger,” she said between crying puffs of breath.
When he continued mercilessly moving up and down her backside, she started apologizing in hopes of easing the pain.
“Well, what do you think about Vivienne?” he asked her with a bright smile. She looked at him for a moment before shrugging her shoulders. He didn’t seem fazed by her displeasure, just continued walking around the kitchen with a weird smile. “Yeah, she’s pretty great. She’s the reason I’ll be joining the Avengers.”
“Okay,” Steve said in reluctant agreement.
They manage to get to Tony’s car without bringing any attention to themselves. There weren’t many people around, but Steve suddenly felt self conscious actually considering what would happen if someone saw him get in the car with THE Tony Stark. Those thoughts quickly slipped from his mind as Tony placed a gentle hand on his knee the ride to his mansion.
He actually beat her a few times.
“Yeah, that’s not a bad idea,” Barney said with a smile. “You know for a dude that’s dating my brother you’re not nearly as stupid as I thought you’d be.”
“Regardless, it’s not happening tonight, Tony,” the blonde suddenly said in reassurance. He was too tired after their long flight, and his pride was getting in the way…again. “But I also don’t think she should get off the hook for putting her life at risk…”
“–oh I’m sorry are you the pot or the kettle in this scenario?” Sam asked with a brow raised. Steve looked at him confused as the man rolled his eyes. “Seriously, Steve? Like I would ever
"SHIELD," her father replied in a slightly quipped tone.
She continued holding his hand as they crossed the street to get to his parked car. Her grip loosened when she was within arms reach of the car, letting him go to slide into the passenger seat.
Wondering if maybe, just maybe, Steve could fit into the mold of a family Tony had created.
“When I was six, my mother gave birth to my little sister, Samantha Rose. She left me to take care of her while she went back to her life of shooting up and putting out with any and anybody. And for two weeks, I loved my baby sister. I changed her, I fed her, I sung to her. And when she was two weeks old,
“Now, would you give us your reasoning behind this new housing arrangement?”
“Dada! Imma mons’er!” she growled at him. He smiled back at her as he leaned against the doorframe, crossing his arms before he responded.
"Food's ready?" a now awake Pappy asked, getting up off his seat and wiping the last of the sleepiness from his eyes. Tony laughed as he stood up, grabbing a towel a passing Sarah handed him to dry both himself and Steve off as everyone else made their way to the burgers.
Tony found out he was pregnant when he was sixteen, just a few months shy of his seventeenth birthday.
“Don’t listen to your brother, why don’t you just come have fun? I’ll even be DD so you won’t have to worry about any of us getting home safe,” Clint offered, acting responsibly for once and making Steve rethink his plans for the evening. “I’ll buy your drinks too,” the other blonde threw in, making Steve cave immediately.
,” she returned quickly, eyeing Steve the whole time.
He had seen it a few times before in his life and they almost always led to something involving his fists. Somehow, God only knows, he swallowed his anger enough to not be violent to this awful woman. The rest of the room sat in stunned and awkward silence before shoving back in fear when he stood up quickly – accidentally knocking his chair over with his strength.
“MY EGO?” Steve roared. “If you took two seconds to take your head out of your own ass, you would hear me long enough to –”
-" Dad said as the same time Pop spoke up
Tony's heart broke a little more before he smiled at the love of his life, knowing how to make his man feel better.
She wasn’t trying to eavesdrop, but she might have had a bad dream and just wanted a late night snack. But she would have had to walk around the living room to get to the kitchen. And that was not an awkward experience she needed to participate in.
She couldn’t help but laugh at that, nodding tiredly as she wiped her eyes with the back of her hands.
“That’s all I was saying!” Bucky shouted, mostly to his mate. Clint of course didn’t look convinced, just walking around to sit on the chair farthest from Bucky. Sam had plopped himself on the couch next to a grumpy Bucky.
He could do this.
The brunette scoffed at his question, replying “what do you think?” turning back to the blonde to show the bags under his eyes. Steve sat with him at the table. Neither spoke for a long moment.
"I'm good," Steve said, shifting on the couch to face the two. "Any regrets yet?" he teased to his big brother.
All of the Avengers piled onto the quintjet, even both Steve and Stark who contacted Miss Potts to watch their kids. Bucky couldn’t stop pacing, frustrated with himself for allowing her to brainwash him. And that this was all his fault. And what he would do to Strucker when he saw him. He ignored both Steve and Thor’s attempts to soothe him in favor of focusing on how it will feel to strangle Strucker with his non-metal hand.
“I know,” she returned, rolling her eyes as she smashed herself further into his embrace. He chuckled at that, humming to himself as the two sat there quietly for another moment. Before the bastard interrupted the silence.
“Sorry Mr. Jefferson, just trying to convert a walking sinner to Christianity. It seems the dyke is a loss cause, sir,” Staci added before the basic bitches laughed along and followed her down the hall. Joey stood there a moment longer, glaring at the group before turning to offer a glare to the man who just stood there.
And Steve simply nodded a third time, standing up to follow the kids out…
“What happens if you have a seizure in the wrong place, kiddo?” he asked calmly, but with a hint of ire in his voice.
Steve couldn’t control his smile as he replied, “fine, Tony. There’s no need to apo–”
“He’s all bark, no real bite. Plus you’ve got what...fifteen pounds of muscle on the guy?” Clint asked as he casually got his phone out, set the flashlight on and proceeded to entertain himself with shadow puppets on the ceiling.
“Stevie did you give her any cream?” he asked as the teen shot back up with an offended look. However in doing so, she also sat back on her bottom and quickly stood up off the bed to steady herself after yelping in pain.
"We get you for all major holidays and birthdays, Wade included," his Pop said with a brow raised.
“The Sarah Rogers Foundation. It’ll help single mothers. Like those in DV relationships, immigrants, homeless, trafficked, in recovery; it’ll act as a resource center as well as a shelter. The whole shebang. What do you think?”
Joey sat between two medics, the male of the two with an arm wrapped around her as an officer squatted near her with a pen and pad of paper.
He had about forty-five seconds to wallow until there was a knock on his door, growling at his bigass nosy family for caring.
“Well, mister adult should know better than to attempt to find a loop hole in a legally binding contract…”
“-Hey!” James interrupted him, sitting up on his elbows and glaring. “You want your ass kicked? Cause anyone who talks shit about my boyfriend gets there ass kicked.” Clint couldn’t help smiling at that, rolling his eyes fondly as he moved to sit next to him again.
“Isn’t his class the only class you’re failing?” he asked, surprising the teen.
“What?” Steve asked quietly, clearing hearing this for the first time. “Wait, what? What are you talking about Joey?” Tony shifted closer on the couch to her, and also to his slightly frantic husband who looked thoroughly confused.
After they checked in, Clint grabbed his hand and raced them to the elevator, immediately attacking his lips when the door closed. Bucky smiled against his lips, feeling more love and confidence than ever before as they rode up to their floor.
"Poppy! Granddaddy!" the little boy shouted in excitement as Tony sat up on the couch to catch him.
“I wanted your help with something, if you’re not busy…” she said as he stopped cleaning the bowls to look at her.
"Did Daci meet her?" Tony asked curiously, putting a frown on the girl's face.
"Perhaps next time," Loki offered with a wink to the kids who giggled and clapped in response.
His kid.
“You sure you want to get out of the bubbles?” he asked, just to be a shit. It worked for a second, Joey looking down at the bubbles while Bucky gave him the cut-throat sign.
“No of course not, just bring your headphones,” Peter snarked at the teen. “Now I think we should head back before more people check on us. Miles, you take care of JARVIS and we’ll go tell dads you’re having girl problems and wanted my advice.”
“There’s not going to be a fight, cause we already kicked their ass at beer pong fair and square,” Clint explained to the god as he saw Rumlow lunge for him out of the corner of his eye. But before he - or James for that matter - could react Thor had a hold of Brock and brought him to the ground in one swift move.
, you are a silly goose who needs his
“Mama said you were picking me up and I got so excited I told everyone my Papa was coming to get me!” Peter practically shouted to the blonde as he helped Peter sit and buckle up in the backseat.
“Oh you’d love him,” she said with a laugh, “he was quick to put Steve in his place. It was hilarious, he always pulled the big brother card…”
"Talk," Tony corrected. "
“Peter-” the blonde began as he tried to close the door, but the observant child already saw.
“I’ll take him, Maria,” Steve said as he took the pup from her, bringing Peter up to his neck to calm the squirming baby.
“Morgan said her second word. It was Tony,” Daci informed the blonde who only laughed at the explanation.
“Okay!” he exclaimed as he climbed off Tony’s lap. “Come on, I’ll show you!” he shouted in excitement as he didn’t wait before taking off to his room – shyness clearly dissipated. She quickly followed, poking Steve’s ear in passing to annoy him. He half swatted at her before turning back to Tony with a smile.
“Moana!” the boy says excitedly as he threw his tiny hands up.
“Steve?” Tony asked, still waking up and getting his eyes familiar with his surroundings. The blonde turned back to his husband to reach down to give him a kiss in greeting. The genius hummed in approval before looking around the room.
“You don’t ruin perfection,” he said before gently rolling the man back on his back to focus on the one that started this.
“Yes! Thank you Steve,” she said sincerely before giving the man a hug. He returned it before placing her on the counter to watch.
She winced as she shifted off of him, guilt still fluttering in her stomach at thinking of Tony having heart surgery earlier.
“Sounds good, I love you babe.”
“I thought Stevie here was the mom,” one of them jeered.
How had he screwed up so royally?
“Kick his ass, babe!” Sarah shouted from the door, getting a chuckle out of Tony even in this serious situation.
“-I wouldn’t need to tell you how to parent your child if you were actually
“Nope!” Joey practically shouted, immediately closing her eyes in embarrassment as she heard the angel laugh again.
“I legit forgot about,” she said, “I didn’t remember it until later and by then I didn’t know if it would do any good.”Steve ran his hands over his face in frustration, stopping to grip some of his blonde locks.
She had questions – lots and lots of questions especially about her idiotic brother…but she knew Happy probably knew the bare minimum enough and couldn’t answer her questions right now anyway. When he pulled up to the emergency room entrance she jumped out of the car, not even grabbing her backpack.
“As entertaining as that would be, I’m not sure that’s necessary. Rumlow here is too much of a chicken shit to start anything,” Clint said with confidence as his old flame shot daggers with his eyes.
"Mhmm," he heard Jo say, causing the man to steal a look at his girl...who was falling asleep against him.
Steve did love cooking.
“Here Steve!” he heard his muffled husband’s shout.
he reminds himself.
"Miles is currently in the living room with his elder siblings, sir." Tony smiled as he made his way to the kitchen, knowing he'd need coffee before properly functioning.
Commander Fury was mostly pleasant, but wasn’t exactly a giddy or joyous man. He can count on his hand the number of times he’s heard him laugh. So his genuine act of kindness was a little surprising, but not unwelcome. It actually squashed a little of the worry in his gut.
“You did? That’s amazing! See, told you you could do it,” Clint said proudly before giving her a kiss on the cheek.
“We already got a new couch, Pete…” Pop began before Peter again interrupted.
weekend together went? Cause if I find out you’ve been fucking Rumlow again...”
“Be good!” her father called out before they left, putting a smile on Daci’s face. It dropped when she noticed how stressed Tony looked now that the others were gone. Harley was still wrapped tightly around him and Morgan was starting to move from her spot next to Peter towards Tony - she decided she would do her best to help him.
Sure seemed like it now.
Steve prepared to roll his eyes at his brother but stopped when he saw the pure happiness in her eyes from walking. The blonde smiled and scooted back, encouraging her to walk farther. Bucky let go of her, the two watching as she toddled but finished walking - actually walking - to Steve.
His eyebrows furrowed as he turned to get a better look at her face. She looked a little skittish but also kind of excited, nervous energy evident as she bounced back and forth on her feet. He did a quick three sixty scan, trying to see if it was obvious what she was talking about.
“I told you blue, Sam,” Emerson said sadly.
"Who are those for?" the shorter father asked as he rocked on his heels. His Pop rolled his eyes as he handed his husband the bouquet while the giant collectively whined.
“Am I wrong?” he waited until the blonde finally said, “no, it’s just, she’s still a kid Tone-“
“Hey, chill, Rogers. It was just me and Barton in the truck. Technically, there was a patient in the back but he was unconscious,” she said with a smile. Steve felt himself unhinge from her words, tension slowly leaving his body. He took a deep breath, remembering that she was not a threat – and was in fact a friend.
“For Christ’s sake! Go, all of you! I will punch whoever’s crotch is in punching range.”
“You love someone in spite of their faults…and I have a lot of them…including drinking. Which is why I haven’t done it in front of you since the first night we met…” Steve hadn’t realized that, frown deepening as he took in Tony’s words.
“I wouldn’t lie about Dad, I did go to the cemetery to talk to him,” she said, eyes lowered but voice filled with anger.
"You should text Tasha, we'll need a witness," the brunette added, gently rubbing the ring on Clint's finger as they walked.
“We have to break up,” Clint choked out, burying his face in his arms, not able to handle this actually ending. James had been the best thing that had ever happened to him.
“Ow! Fine, alright, thank you both,” Miles grumbled before slipping out of the bathroom with a frown.
“She has a point, Tati.”
“Is this about Peter disproving a teacher again? Because we talked to –”
“Well…how do you expect me to lay low when people at school want to start fights?”
A moment later the AI spoke, “I do not detect Miss Josephine in the mansion or on the surrounding perimeter.”
Which – shockingly – woke up the guy recovering from surgery as he blinked his eyes awake. Joey saw him frown at the sight before him before speaking up.
“-I can actually. Like I said, my Aunt Peggy is amazing and I also made sure to get rid of the few board members you’ve convinced to be on your side. Which means I’ll have to decline your offer,” Tony said casually, pausing as the waiter brought the food to the table. “Could you wrap ours up, actually? We’ll take ours to go,” Tony said sweetly to the waiter, pulling some cash out to leave him a hefty tip. “You know what? Lunch is on me, since I’m not so sure you can afford it.” He stood up and smiled at the awed silence.
!” she said with disgust.
“No, um, he uh…sorry, he doesn’t want to see either of us right now; he has…the shits...”
“Took some pain pills after we put the two youngest to bed, he’s passed out back on his floor.”
"You're welcome Thumper," he said with a big smile as he moved out of the blankets, still remaining on the bed with her. She pulled the blankets back as well, sitting up and stretching next to him.
Peter was on his best behavior as he carried the pillow down the aisle, smiling at the men who each kissed him on the cheek. Joey, being one of Steve’s groomsmen and also rocking a suit, pulled Peter back to stand by her, the two smiling at their parents.
“Yes, I remember…” she said, glad he couldn’t see her roll her eyes at him.
“Pop, I told you Tony
“You wanna sleep on the couch tonight?” the blonde asked him, pulling out the slicer to cut up slices of pizza for them.
wished he could just take care of this man himself – but as Pepper so politely reminded him –
The truth came out, just like Vi said it would.
“I mean yes, he said yes, but I think because I don’t know why he did it.”
…like she had a seizure.
she realized with a frown at his hesitancy. Tati had explained to her something called ‘good vs bad touch’ and Clint was just trying to give her a good one.
“I think I see someone I went to high school with,” Natasha said as Steve suddenly felt the need to pee. Excusing himself, he weaved his way through the crowd to the bathrooms. A couple was making out in front of the door, which annoyed him but not enough to say anything, just squeeze by the pair and ignore the envious feeling in his stomach.
“Well…yeah…but, you’re not my
“What kind of ignorant, dumbass, rednecks throw away a perfectly good twinkie?” He couldn’t hide the smile from her antics; laughed a little along with the now bigger crowd that had formed.
Finally able to see him, she looked up and smiled at her Pop. He smiled back at her before making his way around to bed to give Tony a quick kiss in greeting. She watched him and shook her head fondly at the two. She continued watching him as he went to their closet to change, before she turned back to Tony.
Joey managed to kick her a little, but got slapped back across the face by Alex to do any other damage.
,” emphasizing his point by pointing to the teen still trying to catch her breath.
Too corny?? Jk I fucking live for this shit :D Hope you enjoyed it! <3
“Actually...Uncle Tony?”
“Hey! I’ll make you a deal. You don’t talk about wanting to have sex with my parents, and I won’t talk about how
“Can we help you gentlemen?” Helen asked as she suddenly appeared by Tony’s side, causing the genius to send a thank you to the man upstairs for the first time in his life.
"Everyone has nightmares, little one," the man said as he reached out to ruffle the boy's hair, retracting when the boy shook his head.
“So, Harley, wanna go on a shopping trip with me? I heard you like...dinosaurs?”
"Cheap shot my ass!" her best friend piped in, mock offended.
He was glad he asked Tony ahead of time about using the ride, giving the driver the address before attacking Clint in the back. The blonde hummed happily below him, hands reaching down to cup the brunette’s ass. Bucky pulled back, looking down at the man with a smile and a nervous breath.
He tries again as he feels the metal shift in his ribs, nearly making him pass out.
“Woah,” she heard him say before he returned the hug. “What’s up Jo? Bad dream?” he asked her quietly. She only cried at that, tightening her hold on him.
” She turned to throw a wink at the brunette who was looking back at her in amazement before continuing.
And black dress shoes.
Tony laughed into the phone, smiling harder when he heard her return the laughter.
“How about you and Tony get the snacks ready and Morgan and I will go pick out the book, and we’ll all meet in the living room?” Steve suggested with a smile as Daci felt her slight fear dissipate.
“Thanks Tony, that was a lot of fun,” the blonde said and Tony felt his heart ache.
“Right?” Tony said still looking down, finally quirking his brow when he saw Steve standing directly in front of him.
“Dad was fun,” she countered.
dad, Joseph, who my dad told me I was named after…well he met your mom when my dad was like, four? And when Joseph found out your mom was pregnant with you, he told my dad he was going to adopt him and marry your mom. But…then he got sick with cancer. Then, you know…he died when you were like six months old? I don’t know, some of the details are fuzzy. Anyway, I didn’t take Stark as my last name cause I…wait,” she paused…sitting up as if she was sobering up. She handed the ice pack back to Steve hastily and stood up.
"I uh…liked helping people and knew it was something that was stable.” Tony stared unimpressed at him for a moment before actually scoffing.
. He never worked for any of that, pup. And it’s not about being a powerful Alpha, it’s about being a good one. And Sarah Rogers - your Poppy who loves you - is one. Just like Steve, who is also a decorated war hero. Regardless of his reasons for joining, he signed up to protect this country which is something your cowardly father would never do.” Tony had finished his speech with a snap, partly because his ex makes him so mad and partly because his son knew better than this.
