“I’m sorry,” Cas said again over heaping plates of breakfast-for-dinner. He speared a bite of eggs and sagged in his chair. “I was really looking forward to meeting your family but I couldn’t let her miss Christmas with her kids, you know? I promise I’ll make it up to you.”
Despite being on a busy avenue, the prevalence of small but neatly-kept lawns, mature trees and bike paths separating the sidewalks from the street, and the one-way cross street keeps it from feeling too citified. Dean’s hopeful apartment was nestled in the midst of it all; a corner unit with a steep little driveway that angled down into a garage for his Baby, his painstakingly restored and perfectly maintained ’67 Chevy Impala that he only drove in good weather. That alone was nearly enough to sell him on the place, since apparently the owner who lived on the main floor didn’t have a car
When they were done, Cory had held his hand out for Dean’s, and when Dean had taken it, Cory had tugged him in slowly, a smile revealing a dimple hiding in his right cheek. His other hand had gone up to Dean’s neck, calloused fingertips gentle as he’d maneuvered closer, gaze flicking between Dean’s eyes and mouth, a silent question.
“Much,” Dean said primly, then lightly slapped Cas’ already-tanned stomach. “Alright, off to the shower with you.” He made a show of turning in to sniff Cas’ armpit and didn’t have to entirely fake his recoil. “You’re rank, sunshine.”
Curious, Castiel prepares the cart before he starts over to the specialized wing of the hospital. It's a long walk over through identical beige hallways - purposefully designed to be separate from the main floor and hard to stumble upon. He feels the faint buzz of magic wards as he makes his way to the right area. Nat is at her station, and hops up as he approaches. Castiel can always see the magic boiling behind her eyes and knows she can see him just as well.
“Stay right outside and I’ll yell if I need you?” Dean asked, and Benny nodded in reply. They got out of the car and crossed the street and up to the house. The lights were all on, which was promising, so Dean knocked on the door, Benny at his side. He swayed on his feet.
Castiel debated not telling him anything for a second. “They were tipped off during a move,” Castiel replied, finally. “Most got caught during the transport of two omegas across the border. The rest would have been named under torture, or-”
He was so tired, it took him a minute to realize Castiel wasn't answering. Dean sighed, and laid back down. “And who told you to protect Sam?” he murmured into the air.
The first thing Dean wanted when he first woke up was a quick death. His head throbbed with every heatbeat, and the fact that his mouth tasted like a small animal had crawled in there to die did not help the queasiness roiling around in his stomach. It wasn’t the worst hangover he’d ever had, but that wasn't saying much.
“Looks like it got hit on the top panel and the dent broke some of the inside wiring. I think I have all I need to repair the circuitry, but I’ll just have to leave the panel open. Jo, can you hold this open for me?”
They sat in silence for a beat. “Thanks Jess,” Dean murmured, touching her shoulder, and she nodded.
Street. I need immediate assistance, we have a man down. Repeat, 10-71, man down. Shot came from the other side of Vermont - shooter still at large and- “ shit, as soon as Dean looked through the glass door, he could see Henrickson’s legs still moving, trying to find purchase on the ground, only a few feet away from the door. Sonovabitch was still alive. The dispatcher replied, asking him a question, but he dropped the phone on the ground instead of answering.
Curious, Jess cocked an eyebrow. “Well then, come on in. Are you on duty right now?” she asked, eyeing his uniform.
Jim Myers is the Speaker for the werewolves tonight. Castiel knows him well, so it’s easy enough for him to gesture Inias over from his place by the near wall. “Inias, can you go tell Jim that I have his charge Dean Winchester? There’s no need for him to collect Dean immediately.”
Four more silently emerged from the blind spots of the cars around them. They were dressed in regular black suits, but they all had a blood red line painted down the middle of their faces, showing what they really were.
Dean finally appeared from the bedroom in the back of the apartment, hair still dark from a recent shower, wearing a worn T-shirt, a necklace, and jeans torn at the knees. It was disarming to see Dean in such casual clothes.
“And you expect me to go along with all this?” Sam asked, catching himself before he started pacing in agitation.
Dean’s inviting scent had all but dissipated in the open, but Castiel was still drawn to him. It was up to Dean how much he wanted to share, but Castiel couldn’t help himself in wanting to be closer.
“I disagreed with their punishment. But I am only one, and they are many. Last time they – I didn’t know they would continue. I thought once they’d taken Hephaestus back they’d be satisfied.”
Dean found his eyes straying to the photo of Jimmy with his family, and back to the other, with the man with the dark line for a throat. He couldn’t imagine Castiel – well, the man currently alive and kicking – as the man in the photo, happily living with a wife and kid. But if Jimmy really had been the alpha of the two, the man who called himself Castiel was definitely that same alpha. Henrickson seemed convinced that Jimmy had been the one that had survived.
The more he learned about these people - Castiel was making this harder for everyone, again. He was pulling Dean into the grave he’d already made for himself. Charlie would soon follow, if it came to that. At least he had gotten the chance to give Gabriel the warning he needed at lunch. He clenched his jaw, and turned his head to the side. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
Castiel glanced back at Dean, a few steps behind him. “Can we have a moment?” Dean nodded and stepped back, out of earshot. Daphne watched him go before she turned to Castiel. She definitely knew something was up. They talked in quiet murmurs, and then Daphne finally nodded once and stepped back. With a glance back at Dean, Castiel started to move past her, and Dean took that as the gesture to follow.
“No, but she’s been here since the start of the semester, maybe even before. You remember the case with Cas? The one with the alpha who had taken Red?”
“Your freaky long legs can’t save you now, you little shit-“ Dean tries to lunge past Castiel, and this time Sam is brave enough to grab Castiel by the back of the shoulders to physically push him in Dean’s way.
With that one comment, Henrickson's face twitched in anger before smoothing out into an amused expression. “You’re willing to live here to keep Daphne and the two kids out of it? Interesting.” Castiel only watched him placidly, and didn’t answer.
For a moment, Dean considered not doing it. He could just choke the life out of her right now, satisfy the mindless rage scorching through him, but Cas’ blue eyes were on him still. The moment passed. Dean let up, and Ruby wheezed in air.
“I don’t know.” Henrickson admitted after a beat. “Both names were flagged in our database, so using one in place of the other would be - was - useless. He must’ve known both names would –“ he paused. “Well, the man himself can tell us once I meet him. You
“No, I haven’t.” Dean had called him only once when John had gotten in the accident, but when he’d found out that Sam wouldn’t even fly home to see John, maybe for the last time, there’d been another fallout. Sam had gotten one text after that when John had mostly stabilized, but nothing else since. Of course he still cared about Dean, but Sam had seen no point in caring about John after everything.
He fumbled his phone out with one hand and dialed 911, making his way to the door. Alfie whimpered again, and Dean glanced back towards Castiel, but Castiel was already making his way behind the counter, crouched low.
It had been less than a week since his fall, and his bones still ached. It had also been the reason for his reluctance to sneak out of school with his girlfriend, when he would’ve jumped at the chance at any other time. They wouldn’t even miss class, but they weren’t allowed to leave the premises when school was in session, let alone go out to get lunch at the nearest fast food joint instead of their school’s dispensary (but seniors did it all the time to flaunt the establishment, so).
Before Dean could respond, a man stepped out from behind one of the stacks of twisted cars, an old rusted metal collar in his hand. The metal chain attached to it dangled from his hand, trailing along the ground behind him.
Within five more minutes his leg was at it again. Maybe he really should invest in an iPod just so he had
“We got too bold for their tastes.” Castiel turned his head, done speaking. This obviously was not how Henrickson had expected it to go.
“Would you just check on it for me?” Jess didn’t answer, but once they reached her office she went to the file cabinet in the corner and looked back at him. “Name’s Castiel Allen. Moved here just a few weeks ago?”
Everything turned a bit blurry after that, though Dean had enough sense left in him to toss his keys to Ellen.
They only had to wait a moment before Daphne was opening the door, and her face turned from inviting to anxious in an instant.
“Don’t let them take me.” she whispered, but Castiel heard it as clear as day. He spun in place, but the earth shifted under his feet and he fell to his knees and hands, hitting dark wet loam instead of grey concrete. When he scrambled to his feet again, Claire was gone. In her place only a black night remained, a weak filter of moonlight wavering through the trees of the old forest.
“There’s no way Rufus didn’t do his scans, right?” Pam interrupted, leaning forward over her coffee, but Benny shook his head.
“He was supposed to have dinner with us right now but he didn’t show up.” Daphne answered, and paused, “Though I think I heard him come through the front door a while ago, so he’ll be up in his room if he’s-“
“Don’t be a smart-ass,” Bobby replied, exasperated. “So why is this Castiel crashing at your place? It’s not like he doesn’t have a place to stay.”
Charlie turned to them both and looped an arm around Castiel’s, “Ooookay, hi there. Want anything to drink? Or eat? Or let’s just meet the rest of the gang, yeah?” She dragged him away from Jo.
“Good.” Dean said, and got to his feet. When he offered a hand, Castiel took it, and Dean helped haul him upright.
“Even after Krissy and Shawn left, the security guard let them keep their mattress here. Follow me.” Castiel got up, and Dean leveraged himself out of his chair, head still throbbing and too fuzzy with fatigue to really process that sentence until Castiel led them to the next small room, and he found himself staring down at one – count ‘em – one – mattress.
so ive been struggling with this scene for a while because ive been trying reconcile writing these scenes as an asexual and my comfort level with it. if youve been wondering. anyways, ratings gonna stay mature and not change to explicit.
“Not officially. Didn’t want to tarnish themselves when my Dad presented as an omega, but they didn’t cut all ties when they kicked him out of the Forests. Organized crime is always better with the enemy you know and love, isn’t it?”
“I’m inviting you along, Castiel. I’m not gonna kick you out.” Charlie told him, exasperated, but with a grin on her face. Castiel stopped moving and looked back up at her. “Would you like to come to the Roadhouse with us? You can say no.”
“Where is this person?” Dean pointed back to their booth, where Charlie and Castiel seemed to be in deep discussion, and Ellen hummed in thought.
Dean pulled out the package of hamburger meat and looked for the right knife to cut through the plastic. “Well then,
The blood units he receives as payment for working with the blood bank and nearby hospital are only the red blood cells of a regular donation. The other components of whole blood - the plasma, the white blood cells and the platelets, have been removed or made into different products. Although it’s less sustaining and doesn’t taste the same, it’s safer for young vampires to drink from, before they learn the self-control needed to not kill a live donor in the middle of a feeding. Other vampires, Castiel included, prefer the blood units for other reasons, be it personal or otherwise.
They held hands and watched as another shuttle took off, joining two more flying low overhead. The low roar of the engines pressed against their heads and ears, overpowering the echoing siren that surrounded them.
Dean nodded. “She was Sam’s supplier when they were in Des Moines, but it’s a family business thing. From what Sammy told me, her father is a big name in drug rings all over the place.”
Krissy’s arms were folded in front of her, stiff but trying to act casual. “Uh, is your offer from last time still-?”
Gabe gave him a two-finger salute before walking past him and disappearing around the corner of the Roadhouse. A car door closed, the sound of a starting engine loud and sudden in the dark, and Castiel stood there, unconsciously rubbing his arm, until the sound faded out.
There was a sharp, loud sound, flesh on flesh, and a sliver of ice went up Dean’s spine. He could barely make out another voice, low and threatening, from where he was standing. “Shut. Up.”
To say Charis station had been unprepared to deal with the massive numbers of refugees was an understatement. No one on the station had even known an evacuation order had been issued until the evacuees were already on their way, due to the interference caused by the meteor field Hephaestus was still passing through. Charis station was a significant distance from the planet of Hephaestus - in fact, it was in orbit around a more distant gas giant, which made the sudden resource crunch very dangerous for everyone.
When he finally made it out of the medical center, Dean was waiting for him, arms crossed. He still had his coveralls on, and dark oil streaked his arms and face. Obviously he’d come straight here from his job at the hangar.
When Dean left, Charlie turned and hit Castiel in the arm multiple times. “What the frick happened?”
Castiel undid the belt without too much trouble, and by that time Dean had shrugged out of his own shirt, and then shed the jeans after a few more seconds. Castiel drank in the sight of freckled shoulders and flushed skin.
A hand to the back of Dean’s neck interrupted him mid-sentence. Instinctively, he ducked his head, arm coming up to knock it aside. “Don’t touch the back of my neck.” Dean warned, turning back to glare at Cas.
“Well, he was part of it when the whole network was destroyed, and the only survivor we’ve ever been able to confirm made it out. Ever since then, all efforts to reestablish it have failed, and we need to know why.”
Charlie clapped her hands together. “Perfect! I’m gonna get ready. You guys can wait in here while I change.” With that, she bounced out of the room, no doubt cackling evilly under her breath as she abandoned Dean to his fate.
Sam nodded and took the proffered post-it note. “Thank you, Marjorie,” Sam said, but he was already turning from the desk, eyes dropping to the hastily scrawled digits. He didn’t recognize the area code, couldn’t remember if he’d seen it before. Sam didn’t even tuck the piece of paper away, he just waved at Marjorie and walked outside the hospital and into the parking lot before taking out his phone and punching in the number.
“I don’t think-“ Castiel started, trying to lean back himself, but Dean grabbed a handful of shirt and stopped him.
When she got enough breath back, she turned her head at an awkward angle, “Fuck you, Dean. I never told Gordon to kill Henrickson-“
Ash took another moment to reply, finally taking the cast away from Sam’s arm and sitting back. “All yours, Jo.” He finger-gunned at her.
PLANET WIDE EVACUATION ORDER IN EFFECT. PLEASE REMAIN CALM AND MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE NEAREST DESIGNATED EVAC POINT –
“Then ask me in the morning,” Castiel said, getting up off the bed. He came back with a glass of water to find Dean shirtless and fumbling with his belt with intense concentration. “Drink this,” Castiel ordered, and Dean looked up, surprised, and left his belt to do so.
Finally, Dean could be sure that Castiel was safe and fed and taken care of. The memory of Cas being homeless weighed heavy in his chest still, and Dean had to make sure it never happened again.
The Gate was so close, only the black of the wormhole filled the cockpit window. Dean could feel the subtle vibration of the Impala as it approached, ready to shake apart. Castiel let go of Dean’s arm to go directly to the window, and suddenly he changed direction midair to land on the floor in front of Ellen and Jo’s chairs.
This was a well-trained pack, all moving together in silence and going for their prey in the most effective manner. They were not going to fail here, and they knew it. Castiel knew it as well.
“I think we’re ready to check out our things now.” Castiel went on, cutting him off. He turned to the kid as the cashier moved behind the counter again. “Did you find what you wanted?”
Once he had taken off his outer layers and fallen into bed, he closed his eyes and tried to fall asleep. It stayed stubbornly out of reach. The day’s events kept replaying in his head, against his closed eyelids, sending phantom aftershocks of adrenaline through his system. It had been a long while since he had last needed to fight anyone.
This time, Daphne walked past him and linked her free arm through Dean’s, still supporting Krissy with the other, and she turned him around before he could protest. Castiel took the opportunity and slid past them. “We need to go now, officer. Castiel will meet us at the house later and give you his statement then. Krissy takes priority at the moment.” She sounded like she had done this before. Actually, both of them sounded like they had done this before.
They all ignored him, and Dean crossed his arms and huffed as Sam turned to Jessica. “But I would’ve seen his name on-“ he paused and thought it through, “unless Castiel wanted anonymity and used a different name.”
They nodded as she turned back into the forest, her shape twisting in the shadows before she disappeared. Balthazar sighed. “Well, I’d best be off as well, then. I should make contact with the outside before Uriel gets too cautious. Meet at the usual spot?”
“He’s not going anywhere right now, but once he gets back on his feet we’ll obviously have to have someone watching him at all times.” Ellen stopped for a brief moment. “If he doesn’t make a wrong move further down the line, well, there’s always compulsory manual labor. Joshua?”
The three nurses ignored the two of them as they wheeled the cot down the hall and disappeared around a corner.
“I don’t understand,” Cas said for the millionth time, squinting suspiciously at the screen from his nest of blankets. “Why did he lie to the nurse?”
Luckily, the boy caught on fast. “Yeah.” He took his meagre haul out of his pockets put them onto the counter, along with Castiel’s things.
Mortimer watched him for a few moments before speaking again. “Imagine my surprise when the surviving twin we had been looking for turns out to be an alpha, but says his name is Castiel. Everyone thought you were actually Jimmy going by his brother’s name to throw everyone off, but…Jimmy never had the training Castiel received as a peacekeeper, wouldn’t have been able to escape quite so neatly,
Dean finally broke eye contact, looking down at the carpet for a brief second before he could look up again. Henrickson had turned to pick up the folder, and now held it out to Dean.
“Orion.” Dean craned his head around to look for it. “Not seeing it though.” The constellation fit Dean perfectly now that Castiel thought about it. The Hunter.
Anna approached the physical human bodies of her brethren, stopping a few paces away. Uriel and a few others looked around, scanning the ground, stepping over skeletal remains. There were many concentrated in this one courtyard, around a central point. Anna queried her host’s memories for the answer.
Dean was obviously more experienced at this than he was, and sober enough to use it to his advantage this time. A few careful press of lips against his and then Dean put a heavy hand on the back of his neck to deepen the kiss. Castiel lost himself in the sensation, too inexperienced to do anything but take what Dean was giving him. Too soon, Dean pulled back, Castiel trying to follow until he understood what was happening.
“It’d be damned convenient if she was the mystery-“ Bobby acknowledged, but a knock on his closed office door cut him off. Dean glanced back at the door as Bobby sighed in exasperation. “What is it?”
The lights in hydroponics were also off, to simulate the day cycle for the plants as well. It was darker than the hallway, and Dean toggled the flashlight on his comm to make his way into the room without running headlong into the grow beds. The scent of plants settled over him like a blanket, and the tension in his shoulders eased. A cushioned nook in the corner of the room had long been used for personnel to relax and soak in some UV rays from one of the grow bed lamps during the day cycle. His mother had loved sitting in this exact spot; a place to read one of the precious physical paper book she always brought with her on trips as he played among and under the grow beds.
He fell out of the air, hitting a metal surface a few feet below. The momentum caused him to slide down a slight gradient, tilting to the side. Instinctually, Sam tried to grab onto the surface with his gloved hands, finally catching on a metal handhold and stopping his descent.
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment in resignation and opened them again to turn on his side, half leaning over Dean. “Stop this,” he said, pulling Dean’s arm away from his face so Dean had no choice but to look at him. “You are not a ‘fuck up’.”
It was different, with her. Dean had grown used to the feeling of rough hands, looking to harm him through Raz, but Lisa just ran a gentle hand down the middle of Raz’s back, like she - they - were something precious. After Raz moved away, Dean hadn’t been able to meet Lisa’s eyes for the rest of the night. The small, secret smile she’d had when petting Raz faded, turned into something else entirely, and when Lisa led him up to bed that night, she didn’t make him talk about it. Raz had cuddled up to Lisa’s fox Silas, like usual, and by the next morning, everything had gone back to normal. It never happened again.
When Dean left him still leaning against the wall, Castiel looked more tired than he had at the beginning of their conversation.
Dean could only shake his head as he gathered up the rest and stood up, leading Cas back to his apartment. “So, uh, you here to hang out with Charlie?” Dean asked, looking back over his shoulder at Cas.
The pit of worry got bigger and heavier, burning a hole of uneasiness into his stomach. Maybe - maybe he was really busy at the garage, maybe he lost his phone. Sam emailed him after another hour.
Gordon just looked at him. “This so-called New Hierarchy is shit,” he said. “I’ve gotten sick and tired of upholding the law when no one respects us anymore. And when Ruby came around promising something new? You bet your ass I took her up on it.”
.” Castiel corrected her. “Almost of the omegas in the Preserves, and even most betas, have no idea of the outside world. They know no better than what they are given. It’s why the Underground was, in actuality, small.”
“Of course he did, but he was well enough to go back to college today, and retrieved it then. You would’ve known this if you’d called earlier to check up on us.”
“Ah.” It’s enough of an answer that Castiel doesn’t really need any more information. There’s a reason the Western coast has a much larger nonhuman population than the Midwest – and it has much to do with tolerance. “Are you going to join Jim’s pack, then?” If Myers hasn’t already made an offer to a born werewolf, he's making a grave mistake.
Dean saw Benny’s pickup truck turn sharply into the road in front of his apartment building, so he waved the arm that had been clutched around his stomach. “I know. Just watch out for Jessica, okay? I need to go.”
That got a reaction. Castiel turned his head, and all his attention focused on Sam. Without a word, Castiel tossed Jess away from them both, and had a hold on Sam in the next heartbeat.
“One of Sammy’s TA’s is doing his minor in Enochian Literature.” Dean added. “We can call him up, tell him it’s extra credit. Kevin something.”
Dean walked him to the door, but he paused in opening it all the way. He wanted to say something. Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean turned around to face Castiel. "I, uh, just need you to know that - I knew showing you that movie was a dick move, okay, but I really didn't- I didn't know-"
“Daphne can tell you more.” Castiel told her, in a more serious tone, and Krissy nodded. He bent down, resting on his heels, and almost fell backwards when Shawn darted forward and hugged him tightly, bony arms around his neck. Surprised, Castiel froze for a few awkward seconds before he remembered to return it.
One of the two saw him coming and turned to stop him from going after the other, jumping back when Castiel swiped at him. The other three caught him from behind, and Castiel was tackled to the ground, gravel biting into his face.
“It’s- yeah.” That was exactly why Dean loved his showers here. Castiel wore a faded grey T-shirt and sky blue pajama pants on with- Dean did a double take – yup, those were cartoon bees. He was having a hard time reconciling this picture with a man wanted by the FBI. “It’s fine. Just don’t use up all the hot water.”
Much like how time had been suspended in a frozen twilight, Dean’s body had somehow slowed down too. A power nap here and there seemed to do the trick, and hunger remained a nagging want instead of a dire need.
Overwhelming disorientation made him stumble and gag with sudden nausea. He put out a hand to steady himself, clutching his cast to his chest as he dry heaved.
Dean shrugged Castiel’s hand off his shoulder. “I don’t need your fucking sympathy,” he snapped, not turning around.
“Technology is no different.” As soon as Castiel said that, Charlie looked back down to the flash drive.
“I’m sorry I can’t help tonight.” Anna said, from her place by the tree. “The other peacekeeper packs are having a meeting I can’t miss.”
He looks down when his foot hits something, only to find a folded pile of his own clothes sitting in front of his door. There’s an envelope on top with his name in big blocky letters on the front.
“Yes, please don’t,” Castiel advises. The Pacific Northwest does have a large vampire community, and none of them are happy about the Twilight jokes that inevitably follow. It’s such a common pop culture reference that even Castiel knows what it is.
Castiel nodded, but he didn’t elaborate. Okay then. Castiel’s behavior and answers were perfectly fine, but Dean felt himself growing more and more suspicious as the interview went on. First the stilted speech, the covered scent, and now evasions in his answers. He didn’t like it.
“Dean, wait.” Castiel said, grabbing Dean’s arm in a hesitant hold this time, and Dean paused. “Last night, when I asked you about how long you’ve known that we’re-“
He felt himself changing, teeth and claws lengthening and pricking skin, calculating his lunge over the table to slit Mortimer’s throat open wide. Dean grabbed his arm in a vice-like grip. He wasn’t strong enough to hold Castiel back, but it was enough to jar him out of it. Castiel took a calculated breath, trying to compose himself, and looked down at the floor. He closed his hand into a fist, claws pricking into the flesh of his palm and drawing blood.
Samuel had told him before that they were descendants of an old clan right outside the Preserves, but their relationship to the Old World, so to speak, had turned a bit sour once T-1’s had vanished from their bloodline, leaving them like the rest of modern society. Their family was apparently still a trading point between the two worlds, so it wasn’t surprising that they were all classist assholes, and the worst kind of traditionalists imaginable. Samuel had demanded that they get in contact with Sam, and that Dean had to go back with them, leave the house and his job as a mechanic, like he couldn’t take care of himself, wasn’t fit to.
"Everyone, this is an urgent alert. Meeting in the mess hall in thirty. This is not a drill. Repeat, this is not a drill.”
When he recovered enough, Dean hovered a hand over his comm. He didn’t know who to call. Ellen? Bobby? He brought up his contact list and dialed the first one.
It worried him, not knowing if he’d have been able to resist a fully functional Dean, using his considerable charm to get what he wanted. Castiel didn’t know if he’d want to resist that. Thankfully, he didn’t have to fret over this for long. In the light of day, and sobriety, Dean wouldn’t remember, or if he did, would never mention this again.
“Then all ships and stations in range are in danger. It's a homing beacon. Anyone who listens to it is giving away their position."
They heard movement from the hallway, and sure enough, Castiel shuffled zombie-like into the room, only permitting a curt nod to both before heading over to the coffee pot. He looked disheveled all to hell, dress shirt untucked, wild hair sticking in all directions, and stubble darkening his jaw. But for a man who had been pretty much black-out drunk for the first time ever, Castiel was behaving suspiciously well. Getting out of bed without any prompting? Not projectile vomiting into the sink? How was that possible? They'd put enough alcohol in the man to put down a rhino.
“Hectic. But I’m used to it. Keeps me on my toes. Sam’s cooking dinner right now if you’re looking for him.” Her blonde hair flipped over one shoulder as she looked back into the house.
Too agitated and restless to wait in the makeshift barracks the station had set up in the ship hangars, Sam got to his feet. He weaved his way through the crowded floor, making his way to the entrance to the station proper. There were a few guards there overseeing traffic, trying to keep most of the new arrivals contained to the hangars.
Henrickson spread his hands again. “I’m here, and no harm has come to you yet, has it? I just need information from you. That’s it.” He lifted his chin a bit, turning to expose his neck. An outdated gesture of submission, but one that seemed to work, especially when coming from another alpha.
“Just go along with it for now,” Bobby told him. “Play nice. I didn’t come out of retirement for nuthin’, so don’t get in too much trouble while we figure this out. Ya hear me, boy?”
Castiel’s fangs always start to itch when exposed to the scent of fresh and close blood, but he doesn’t let it deter him, and he gets through the short list faster than he usually does. When he sees the orders for his last patient, Castiel feels his eyebrows rise high up his forehead. He's surprised they didn’t think to mention this patient to him, but maybe the nurse didn’t realize, or forgot to.
Marjorie waved a hand, “No! Not- he’s a big flirt – all the nurses come by and chat when he visits your father.”
Cas turned in his seat when he saw them both approach out of the corner of his eye, moving his chair back so he could stand up to meet them.
Tired but feeling too jittery to try falling asleep, Dean made his way out of his room. He hesitated in front of Sam’s door.
“I believe you should ask Dean about that. I’ve found it impossible to talk to him about anything that could classify as feelings.” Castiel replied, tone dry. He kept his attention on putting the cans back in their place.
It seemed like he’d fallen into a tunnel, though it was so dark that he couldn’t see anything past the glare of the flashlights. Sam tried to block out the noise from up above, strangely disoriented when he tried to look around. The nearest tunnel wall matched the ruins above, crumbling grey stone laced with creeping roots instead of vines.
The schedule followed the same pattern of that first day; mornings with a grumpy Castiel, utter boredom while sitting outside his classes, more boredom in the library (cut short most times when Dean irritated Castiel enough), a visit to Daphne's house, and evenings at Dean's apartment, where Castiel mostly followed Dean around or retreated to his room when Dean got tired of him breathing down his neck. Of course, Dean missed actually
“I’ve been trying to buy Charlie time to figure out what I’ve been hiding these last few years by making myself an easy target. I didn’t know what else to do. After Henrickson, I knew that someone else would be coming for me from the Forests, and they’re more powerful than you think; smarter as well. Since they had known about the Underground before-“ Castiel paused, but Dean filled in the next part just fine, “-I couldn’t trust that I’d be safe with the Underground outside, either. So I kept to myself, living in the streets, but I’d thought, after a year of nothing, that I’d finally escaped, but – they never stopped looking.”
“Nothing is going on.” Castiel told her, and immediately doubted it himself. Dean had been staring at him?
They sized each other up through the bars. Gordon was leaning against the plain brick wall, at ease, seemingly unconcerned. “Not feeling up to visiting Ruby?” Gordon asked, a glint in his eyes.
Before long, Ruby was trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey. “Wait, wait.” Dean said, and brought out his phone to snap a picture and send it to Sam.
Castiel made a noncommittal sound. “I’ll see you then. Goodbye, Dean.” He hung up before Dean could respond in kind.
Jess pointed an accusatory finger at Castiel, drawing his attention. “Looks like you just got involved, since you revealed the secret early.” Castiel’s look turned contrite before she continued, “So you’re going to be there tonight as well if you want back into my good graces. Bring Daphne and the two kids, too.”
Sam took a swig of the spiked whiskey still left in his flask, glancing furtively up at the house he was parked in front of. Ruby had mixed up this batch herself; she liked Sam when he was on the stuff, and to be honest, he liked it too. He’d felt so powerless these last few months, since Dean had disappeared and John had finally kicked the bucket, and Red made him feel good again.
“Dean, we have to get to the cockpit. Now.” Castiel ordered, and Dean was too shell-shocked to do anything else as Castiel led him forward by the arm.
Sam frowned, but she went on before he could respond, “Your father’s status hasn’t changed at all, but I’m, um, I’m actually calling you about your brother.”
When Daphne laced her fingers together, Dean noticed she wasn’t wearing a ring. At first it had seemed like the two were an item, but she had given no indication to it, no matter how much he tried to draw out an answer. Before he could ask anything else, Dean heard the creak of the front door opening. Both Daphne and Dean stood up to meet Castiel as he entered the front hall, one hand on the shoulder of a young boy, no more than seven or eight years old. It was obvious that this was the omega’s brother, his sharp angular face and threadbare clothes a sure sign of hard times. His small frame tensed when he saw Dean’s uniform, panic blooming across his face. “You promised-“
“I got this!” Dean snapped. When he twisted his head up, ready to tell them to fuck off, Dean came face to face with Cas, already bending down to join Dean.
“You two can stay and watch if you want. Benny can show you the AGF when it’s ready to turn heavy, too. I’ll have you go see Ash and set you up with a bunk afterwards, but until then Jo and I will be busy piloting out, so feel free to do whatever.”
They picked up the rest of the cans in silence before Castiel couldn’t help himself any longer. “What mixed signals?”
“No, I am still me. I’m not different as one form or another. Only, one moment I have a human form, and in the next I have a wolf one.”
, and when he was in the med bay he was brain damaged and comatose, but woke up as soon as we got there, and- and-"
“Oh, before we get to the party,” Balthazar says, pitched low so it’s obviously only meant for their group. Bess and Garth pretend not to listen. “I brought gifts to share!”
“I’d walk off the bus. I’m not giving up my life with Sam for an unknown, no matter what people tell me.” She sounded so sure of herself. If only Sam had chosen that, Dean thought, and instantly felt guilty.
“Besides some rather personal reasons, it is much easier to help omegas when they do not see me as another threat,” Castiel replied, moving out of the kitchen into the front hall to shrug on his trenchcoat and grab his backpack. “If you’re done questioning me, I need to get to class. I’ll set the house alarm again, and Daphne and I will both have our cellphones if you need to call us. The officer should arrive after I return from my classes.” Castiel paused in the doorway to await a response, but Krissy only nodded her head once and didn’t say anything else. This conversation was definitely not over, but Castiel could tell it had reached a stopping point. For now.
He dropped in front of the cage, and the girl stared at him with large, glassy eyes, still bound and gagged. “I’m gonna get you out of here, okay?” he whispered to her, and fumbled his wallet out for the lock-pick kit he always carried with him. It came in handy at the best of times.
When he had some semblance of a plan, Dean walked back into the main room to find Cas and Ruby where he had left them.
Castiel feels himself grinning wide before he can stop it. It’s been a while since he’d intentionally used his full powers to compel someone. He’d forgotten how revealing it could be.
“I’ve been doing this route for years, Jimmy. You have to trust me. Stay here, away from the windows. Turn out the lamp. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“No, but seriously, what was that sound?” Dean asked, appearing around the corner in only his jeans, shirtless
After Benny passed him, Dean stared at his computer screen for a bit longer. He really shouldn’t. Dean clicked on the shortcut to bring up the search bar. Why not? He typed Castiel Allen and hit enter. A few seconds later the query was returned. 0 hits. Damn. He'd known that had been a fake name, as weird as it was. Dean couldn’t request and receive more information unless he was working a criminal case on this Castiel.
“Cas?” Dean called, coming down the stairs again. He could still see the burner phone where he had left it on the kitchen counter, alongside the weird silver knife Cas had put beside it.
The sound cut short as the alpha pinned her to the alley wall, one hand on her throat, and the other pawing at her shirt. He was taller and bigger than Castiel, but that would hardly be a problem. Castiel didn’t make a sound, so the alpha was unprepared when Castiel rammed into his side and knocked him down, breaking his hold. As the alpha scrambled upright, eyes still red and mouth open in a snarl, Castiel stepped between the two.
Castiel nodded as the professor moved to the door. “Yes, he’s one of my professors. I - I think he wants to talk about the paper I recently turned in. Excuse me.” Castiel stepped past Benny and walked across the room and through the door. Now that the sun had just set, the parking lot had descended into darkness, devoid of streetlights give any light. Although he didn’t see the professor, he heard the crunch of gravel underfoot coming from around the edge of the building. Castiel followed the sound and rounded the corner to find the professor leaning against the wooden side of the Roadhouse, arms crossed in front of him.
Several of the others choked at that, not bothering to cover it up until Gordon glared in their direction. Turning his back to Gordon, Dean ignored them and finally made it to his car. He couldn't help but risk glancing over to the group again as he pulled out of the parking lot, only to find Gordon meeting his gaze through the windshield.
Castiel took a ridiculous amount of time in the shower. Dean groaned when his brain supplied that Cas might be Up To Something, and threw his head back, knocking it against the headrest of the couch. Dammit. He just needed to not think about it.
Castiel nodded and rose from his spot. Gravel crunched under their feet as they walked back together, so loud Castiel almost missed the faint sound of metal clanking against metal.
“Mmm, I like it. You’re a little rebel.” His head ended up in Charlie’s lap at the end of the sentence, and Charlie petted his hair. He got a bit flirty when he was drunk, so what?
“One of the people at the safe-house I took her to is licensed under a fake name. And Jess knew about it, but couldn’t tell me anything. No scent, no real name; it’s driving me insane.”
parts of this meeting here. And if you’re out early, that means you have a parole officer, and I’ll bet they’ll freakin’ love hearing about all this.”
Dean made a noise of assent, and they fell silent again. Castiel tried to still himself. He only had to make it through the movie. And he managed well until the blind omega girl started to travel through the woods, alone. Castiel tried to stay calm, but it was in vain, muscles tensing as another tree branch snapped off screen. The Omega ran, gasping for breath in her fear, and Castiel couldn't help his own breathing match hers, and then the creature was suddenly
The house was dark and silent, and there were no new scents besides the grossness of the kitchen sink, and a half-evaporated cup of coffee on the table, but the faint smell of Dean, and slight traces of John, permeated the house. It was obvious that Dean hadn’t been home in a week at least, and the Impala was absent from her spot in the garage.
Castiel glanced back at the omegas trailing behind him. “Krissy would not accept our help unless we…retrieved something for her. Daphne and Krissy will go with you immediately, and I'll join you as soon as I can.”
Even during the Mischel test, Castiel had never been so affected by a scent before. He’d never felt such an instinctual need to grab hold of whatever this scent was and never let it go.
Castiel closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. “Go away.” He says it loud enough to carry, but the two are already climbing the creaky stairs.
Sam almost did a double-take. Obviously he had not heard the new developments of the night. “What?! Castiel is an alpha?” he turned his gaze to Dean. “But you said-“
A small form slunk into view. Raz was a house cat of some sort, whipcord thin, with a long tail and almond eyes. Her large ears were laid back.
“That’s-“ Castiel paused. “A matter for another time, perhaps. But first, I need to know what’s on that flash drive without the old Hierarchy finding out about it, like last time.”
After a moment of silent conflict, Dean sighed and leaned forward again. Fine. Wasn’t like Sammy or Benny hadn't done this before for him anyways, after he'd gotten himself into a scuffle.
“Where did you get that?” Castiel asked, gesturing, and Dean looked down where he pointed to the necklace.
Castiel ran a hand through his hair, messing it up even further. “I don’t know,” he admitted, after a moment. “When I found out it was a flash drive, I plugged it into a public library computer, but I couldn’t-“ he paused “-I didn’t know how to – it said it couldn’t access it. And then a police officer came to detain me not an hour later. I escaped, but I never tried again.”
“Yeah? Well too bad.” Dean said, and made the mistake of looking up at Cas. Their eyes met for a frozen second before Dean looked away.
“Hm? Wh- oh, no I haven’t.” Dean remembered the Impala, but Mary hadn’t been able to do long hauls across deep space with two small kids in tow. Instead, she’d done courier runs between Hephaestus and Charis Station until her accident. Dean had been old enough to remember that much at least.
Once freed, she clutched at her leg, putting pressure over the bullet hole and hissing at the pain. “
For such a gathering, alphas made up an unexpectedly large proportion. Ellen and her daughter Jo were both alphas, and so were Sam and Benny. The rest seemed to be betas, and Daphne was the only omega. She didn’t seem to mind. Charlie took Castiel over to meet Bobby and Ellen, the oldest of the group.
Castiel looked at him funny. “I assume since you’ve never seen anyone change before, it would be difficult to tell them apart. It was Mortimer.”
Castiel looked up from buttoning his shirt, the upper half still gaping open over tan skin. “Yes, Dean?”
“And what about you?" Dean interrupted. "Why aren't you killing humans, like the rest of your kind?"
Dean sighed. “Alright. Thanks.” They both hung up and Dean dialed Castiel’s number this time. Jimmy’s number? God, who knew at this point. Best to just keep thinking his name really was Castiel. It rang for a long time, and Dean was prepared to go to voicemail when Castiel finally picked up.
“Yeah, my thoughts exactly.” With nothing more to add, Dean turned up the music as Benny looked out the window for a while, making the ride to their next stop uneventful. Only when Dean had pulled up to the complex did Benny turn to face him again.
Clutching his arm to his chest, Sam hauled himself upright and looked up at the ceiling, high above him. A line of dirt cascaded down from the side of the hole he’d left behind, where the ground had given way beneath his feet. No chance of getting back up there without help.
Shawn had made it back from school to where the two had been squatting only to find an alpha’s scent over upturned belongings, Krissy nowhere to be found. Luckily for Shawn, they had agreed on a safe place to wait for the other if such a thing ever happened, and that’s where Castiel had found him, waiting for his sister in the dark behind the public library. It was a good thing they had met before, or else Shawn would have bolted at the mere sight of an adult coming for him.
At first, when Dean passed through the entryway, all he could focus on was the green around him, and the relaxing smell of soil and growing things. Plants of all kinds lined the walls and were suspended in tiered platforms throughout the space. The huge algae vats were in the back, hidden from sight.
Castiel had been frowning down into his coffee like he was trying to set fire to it with only his eyes, but he looked up at Dean’s question, squinting, and nodded after a moment.
He could only do another half hour, just to get out of Springfield, before Dean was pulling up to a small motel and jumping out like his seat was on fire. For a few seconds, he just composed himself, breathing in clear air, before heading inside the building. Castiel trailed behind Dean as he went up the the desk to get a room with two doubles, and then followed him to the motel room. As soon as they walked in, Castiel sat on the farthest bed from the door, claiming it for himself.
It would be improper to offer help, or ask further questions, so Anna could only nod. Her curiosity stirred, but it was not her place to satisfy it here. No matter how much she wanted to. “I see. Then let me get out of your way.”
"Earlier this morning, the Old Hierarchy formally requested the extradition of Castiel Novak, and police have agreed and are offering a $300,000 reward for information that can help in apprehending Castiel Novak. If you have any in-“
“My twin brother gave this to me just before he died,” Castiel replied, quiet. “He told me that they were working on something terrible, and this was the proof, but he didn’t get the chance to tell me anything else.”
By the time they had touched down on the ridge of a distant crater, Sam’s arm had already started aching again, but he tried to ignore it. The air was thin and clear up here, cold enough to fog his breath when he exhaled. Without the light pollution from their small city, the stars glittered bright overhead. Already, a few streaks of light had caught Sam’s eye.
“Oh, pretty sure Castiel should do that instead.” Benny drawled, lacing his fingers behind his head.
“The security guard makes one round at night and another early in the morning when she locks and unlocks the doors of the building, but the basement isn’t used, and she’s known about Krissy and Shawn for months. The backdoor has a broken lock, but no one else knows that besides the security guard. We should have no trouble tonight.” Castiel told Dean, leading the way through the dim hallway, into what seemed to be a small teacher’s lounge.
Letting go of the receiver, Dean turned back to the woman comforting the omega. “Does she have somewhere to go?”
He wants to enjoy the look of complete shock on Dean’s face, but the reminder of the worst night of his life makes his insides roil instead.
off the grid, but I’ll try. I’ll see if I can track her from when she got out of prison ‘til now. Just, if I get in trouble for this, I want immunity or whatever.”
Daphne hummed in response, nodding. “We fell in together almost two years ago in Chicago. I had already been certified with a safe-house there, so we just continued the process here. You won’t be able to smell him, if you’ve been wondering.”
part of my program, but I’m also part of your family, and you’re part of mine, so I’m doing what I can, okay?”
“Dean,” Castiel warned, and Dean tried to glare at him as the man stepped forward again and patted him down.
“Yes, I’m quite aware of your capability,” Cas told him, ignoring his outburst to pick up wayward items and redistribute them in the remaining bags.
“Are you cold?” he asked, concerned, but Dean shook his head and kept his eyes on the corner of the wall and ceiling, and Castiel resumed after another pause.
Castiel didn’t blink, but a muscle clenched in his jaw. He looked down at his chest and then met Dean’s eyes in a direct challenge. “Shouldn’t you know your brother best? Why can’t
The professor glanced to the students surrounding them and leaned forward, voice urgent. “Cut the crap, man. How are you alive?”
His two days off went by like normal, despite the recent craziness. Dean spent the rest of the first day holed up with Charlie, marathoning her favorite TV shows late into the night. When he finally made it outside the next day, Dean noticed a few leaves already changing color. He'd been so busy he hadn't even paid attention, but it was hardly surprising for late September. Sam and Jess remained on high alert because of Ruby, but unfortunately it wasn’t something that could be resolved in a few days. Dean hadn’t called Daphne at all, he couldn’t bring himself to do so. Maybe he’d have Benny field that particular conversation.
"No! Not without Jess!" Sam growled, and his eyes caught on the closed shuttle door on the other side of the ship’s hull.
Castiel shushed him, swiveling his head to listen closer. The junkyard was quiet, but the sense that something was wrong did not go away. Listening to his instincts, Castiel turned around and surveyed the rusted shells of old cars that surrounded them, growing indistinct in the growing dark. The clink of metal on metal that he had heard before did not sound again, but the pervasive sense of dread only increased. It felt like they were being watched.
Maybe they were lying about it being a safe-house. That idea concerned him. Police officers also had access to the safe-house database in case they needed to find a place, quick, for omegas. Dean brought that one up and scrolled through the list for Lawrence. It checked out – it was a real safe-house, with both listed as residents. Things had just gotten interesting.
“Turn on the news for a second, would you?” Dean called, still dragging blankets out of the back of the flier.
“Dunno.” Shrugging, Dean turned back to his computer. “Just moved into town. Couldn’t tell what he was. Scent blocker. Without a cover scent.”
Immediately, Sam felt himself tear up. He let out a shaky breath and after a long moment pulled back. “Dean-“
Curious, Sam reached out and touched the near wall with his good arm as he started walking again. The whole surface felt glassy and smooth to the touch. It all looked and felt like it was made from the same material, with no joins or creases to indicate individual pieces fitted together, just like the ruins that were up above. Sam looked back behind him and watched as the dirt from his fall disappeared around the slight curve of the hallway, and then both directions looked exactly the same.
It was blessedly silent in the next few minutes, but – goddammit. The side of Dean’s face still prickled with awareness. Cracking an eye open, Dean scowled at Castiel, caught him staring back, looking very uncomfortable.
Sam shook his head and ducked out of the room, looking to talk to Marjorie in person. Luckily, a matronly nurse with the name-tag
Once the omega chanced a glance back and saw the red eyes of the alpha approaching, she made a mistake and darted into the alley between buildings, heading towards the busier street one block over. The alpha followed, both disappearing from sight. Castiel cursed and sped up, rounding the corner just as the omega screamed.
At the end of the hallway, Alistair opened a dark wooden door and stepped into the room behind it. “Come in and meet my pet, Sam.”
Jess stepped away from the cabinet. “Oh, yes, I met him when he and Daphne moved here. They had to check in with me. What about him?”
Before he could try to talk again, an older woman with long blonde hair came over from where Dean had been sitting. “Sam?”
Smirking, Dean didn’t say anything as they gradually left the AGF of Charis Station until it was too late for Sam to do anything about it.
Dean collapsed into one of the rickety chairs around an old plastic fold-out table, groaning, as Castiel made his way to the sink. “So, Gordon got you in the leg, huh?” He rubbed at his face, fingers coming away bloody.
“Their other two subjects were torched, and they couldn’t retrieve any good samples of the virus from them after that. I’m sure I don’t have to tell you what they’d do if they somehow found out that there was still a live subject in the wind, that might even have their dormant virus somewhere in his system.” Mortimer tapped the side of head. “Suffice it to say, it wouldn’t be something you would walk away from.”
For all that he had excitedly pored over the information for this site, Sam remembered no mention of an underground section. The possibility that he had just discovered something new sent a little frission of excitement through him, but then the pain from his arm dampened the feeling.
But when he inhaled again, that same omega scent washed over him. Oh, God. It was just like John had told them about, that first time he met Mary, that same reaction to the other person.
Alistair choked and gurgled for breath, his struggles weakening, but Sam only squeezed harder, snarling, arms tensing with the effort.
For several minutes, Dean just watched the screen without paying even the slightest attention to it. His entire focus was on the man beside him. Even though he couldn’t see what was happening, he could feel the moment Castiel started petting Raz, first gently and then with confidence when she didn’t try to avoid the touch.
Dean leaned back as far back in the chair as he could when he realized, and Castiel paused, frowning. “I can do that myself, thanks.”
When Dean got back to the cruiser, Benny woke from his catnap at the sound of the car door opening and closing as Dean slid into the driver's seat. He stretched, making a noise as his back popped. “So, how’d it go?”
At that, Dean slaps his free hand to his forehead and groans. “Ah shit, Jim’s gonna kill me. I was supposed to stay with him. Got distracted.” He eyes his plate of food woefully.
“He doesn’t want me to get lonely,” Ori muttered, and hunkered down in the hollow of Jimmy’s throat.
Castiel didn’t know what came over him, but he shook the offered hand a little stiffer than usual. “I could say the same, Benny -?”
Castiel turned his head slightly, squinting at Henrickson. “He’s talking to a superior, if I’m not mistaken. Does the name Tessa mean anything to you?”
A familiar high pitched hum filled the air, and Castiel was so bright now that Dean had to close his eyes and shield his face.
No doubt she had been seeking asylum from another omega, but this wasn't Castiel's first time helping an omega in need, either.
Henrickson paused for a second. “No, I’ll tell you. I need Castiel to come with me willingly, and you seem to have an in that I don’t. You’ve probably heard of the Underground that helps omegas escape the Preserves?”
“Fine,” he says, begrudgingly. It's not something he would normally do, but Castiel has always had a soft spot for other supernatural creatures in need.
Sam could only hunker down in his seat, the knowledge of his spiked flask taunting him from the glovebox. “What are we gonna do?” he asked faintly. The life he’d planned with Ruby had unraveled in the span of minutes, and he was at the bottom of a hole he didn’t know how to climb up out of.
As the last Friday he’d have off for a while based on their staggered schedules at work, Dean was obligated to make the most of it. That usually meant a trip to the Roadhouse, but he really didn’t want to go on his own. Sam and Benny were with their ladyfriends and Jo couldn’t go near her mother without inciting an alpha stand-off, so his last hope lay with Charlie. He’d even tried to cajole Charlie into going with the premise of visiting Ash; they always liked getting science boners over computer things, but she still hadn’t replied.
“Ah.” That really isn’t the real reason, of course. No doubt the two didn’t actually have a bed, let alone two. Shawn was used to sleeping with another body beside him, with Krissy, but she was in her heat. Without another word, Castiel scooted over to make room, throwing back the covers.
Dean truly doesn’t look to happy at the ribbing, so Castiel decides to take pity on him. “You’re right, I shouldn’t have used my full power. I apologize if it caused any discomfort. I’m one of the only vampires in the Northwest that’s old enough to induce such a state for so long.”
That wouldn’t do. With a grunt, Dean hauled her up and deposited her face-first onto the hotel bed, kneeing her in the back to keep her in place. She didn’t appreciate that. “-ful with the merchandise.” Ruby complained, muffled by the mattress before she turned her head.
“What, you talking about Gordon and the recent Red cases? ‘Cause I’m thinking something a bit more small scale. Tampering with evidence, resisting arrest, all the really
Charlie still had this suspicious look she kept throwing at them both. She wasn’t being covert about it. Although both Castiel and Dean didn’t say anything to one another, it seemed as though by some mutual agreement they ended up on opposite sides of Charlie.
Sign hung from the handle. Dean slid the keycard into the door, hissing when it beeped and flashed green, the deadbolt unlocking with a faint clunk. Quick as he could, Dean opened the door and slid inside, Castiel following behind him.
Jess reached over and took his good hand in his. “You’re doing that. The score you got for the placement means you can go into any field you want, regardless of the dumb shit we teenagers do.”
It didn’t help that every time he went back to his room, the cracked photo display sat and taunted him from its place on the desk.
When he reached the end of the hallway, Sam stopped and craned his neck back to look up into the vast chamber it opened into. He’d only fallen maybe two stories down past ground level, but this room seemed to rise a hundred or more feet above him.
“No, she’s assisting me with computer issues today. I thought I would buy her pizza as payment. She seems to enjoy pizza quite a lot.”
Castiel’s impassive mask of a face was goddamn hard to read, but Dean was getting better at it. “Fine.” He shrugged and dropped the subject. For now.
“He-“ she stopped and shook her head, but then decided to go on with it, “Okay, so – I know where he is. If he's not- k'now.”
Dean was leaning up against one side of the doorframe, arms crossed, watching him with an inscrutable expression.
The planet blinked back out of existence when she dropped her hand, shrugging, “Someone – something, is attacking us, starting with Hephaestus, and no one this side of the colonies have any idea what it is. Someone from Hephaestus, who survived whatever happened, dropping into a colony world with no data footprint on how? It tripped some flags. You’re lucky I stopped the ID upload locally. Who knows who else would just love to find you.” Charlie tapped a finger to her head. “Do some data mining on that brain of yours.”
Krissy appeared in the threshold of the kitchen, face set, and Officer Winchester nodded to the living room, “After you.” Krissy trudged through the doorway.
When a breeze blew by, ruffling his clothes and hair, Castiel closed his eyes and placed his hands behind him on the cool metal, leaning back. Soon enough, the crunch of gravel alerted him to someone walking closer. Maybe Daphne or Charlie had come to find him and bring him back.
Castiel made a thoughtful noise and his eyes slid over Dean’s shoulder. He swiped two fingers under his eye, gaze still fixed in the distance, and Dean turned around to look, accidentally knocking their knees together again, but he didn’t see anything besides college students still walking by or eating their lunch. Hm. He turned back to see Castiel finally biting into his sandwich, done talking.
In a burst of speed, the white form darted around the side of the house. Castiel and Dean ran after it, but when they turned the corner, their guide had vanished.
on so little information would get him nowhere. No wonder Henrickson was so impatient to meet the survivor. Dean tucked the first photo back under the paperclip, closing the folder carefully.
The air had turned cold without the sun to warm it, which was probably why Dean had decided to come out here. He’d been trying to sweat this wave out instead of going to Castiel.
Almost all of the students were gone, the last rush making it to the door. “I’m sorry, but I really have to go.” Castiel said, backing up.
so that was what they were doing. Well, Castiel was doing. Dean was doing his very best not to spiral into madness in this musty smelling hell-hole called the library basement. It was so quiet that they could probably hear a moth fart at twenty paces, and Dean had become intensely aware of one flickering light a few rows over that was
“It’s fine. Nothing that everyone else already knows. Mom died, Dad raised us on the road, I looked after Sammy. Old news.” He paused, hesitating. “What about you? Not too bad at the whole kids thing, yourself.” Dean glanced over, gauging Castiel’s reaction.
if y'all need trigger warnings on any of these chapters just holler cause I don't even know where to start for that. anyhoo, I think we all know what's coming....
Castiel watched as Dean set up a new email account and started to compose an email to Charlie. “What are you doing?”
i hope everyone realized it was indeed the croatoan virus in the last chapter lol. i had a heck of a time researching that (and then I realized about how castiel was put under the attack dog spell and everything is awesome now)
After another long moment, Dean sighed in defeat and sat up. He couldn't be mean - not here. “I’m guessing your kind doesn’t sleep.”
Marjorie started to shake her head, “Dean was the same as always,” she said, and then paused. “I don’t know if this is what you’re looking for, but something new did happen. All of John’s medical bills are now being paid by a relative of yours.” She tapped her chin, “Um, what was his name? He had the same first name as you, but a different last name than you two, - Cooper? No… Campbell, I think it was.” Samuel Campbell?
Daphne sat in the back of the cruiser with Krissy and directed him to her house, spending the rest of the time in silence. It wasn’t far. They arrived within minutes, and Daphne lead Krissy into the house as soon as Dean had parked, gesturing for him to follow. The small gold sticker of an Omega safe-house caught his eye from its corner of a window as they entered. While Daphne took Krissy upstairs to get her settled, Dean waited in the living room, but he didn’t sit down or relax. He couldn't help himself from snooping as he waited for Daphne to rejoin him. The small house looked picture perfect, but strangely empty and suspiciously clean. He didn't trust clean houses. Pictures of Daphne and other strangers in shiny picture frames sat on the mantle, but none of them had Castiel in them. When Dean sniffed the air, he could only smell lingering traces of Daphne, a sweet and faint omega scent. Hm.
Dean sprinted out of the diner, banging the door open with his shoulder, but he wasn’t fast enough to ever catch up with a car. He couldn’t even recognize the make or model from this distance before it disappeared behind another building, but Dean didn’t slow down.
They sat in silence for a long moment, while Dean gathered his thoughts and Sam tried to pull it together.
The crew would congregate at the cockpit to find out why the red alert had gone off, and he had no doubt Joshua and Castiel would be right behind him.
Castiel snarls, and stalks to his dresser to rip out the warmest clothes he doesn’t mind ever seeing again.
“Not much. Just the usual. Y’know, how they broke away from the Union when the T-3’s were freed from slavery, and they claimed land in the west for their own sorta country.”
He didn’t yell for her, knew they would hear him if he did. Crouching low, he ran through the trees, suddenly barefoot. Castiel knew these woods, could run them with his eyes shut, and he ran between the twisted trunks as fast as he could, relying on memory rather than sight. His foot encountered an unexpected shape and he tripped over it, falling again onto the ground.
The inside of the ranch house is all earth tones and rustic themed. Meg draws in a breath behind him, the smell of the home of other predators overpowering at first. Jim appears in the doorway to what looks to be the living room, and comes forward to greet them.
“You want me to be a freakin’ babysitter?” Dean asked incredulously, the same time Castiel said, “We don’t have the room.” Castiel glared at Dean again when he processed his response.
The original flashdrive Jimmy had given Castiel did indeed rest heavy against his chest, but Castiel didn’t let his eyes waver. Dean asked the next question for him. “And you wouldn’t be the wrong hands?”
Dean closed his eyes, letting his head thud against the metallic wall behind him, and drew in a long, shaky breath. When Dean opened his eyes again, he didn’t bother raising his head back up. There was an expression on his face that Castiel couldn't read, eyes flat and still. “Guess that means you didn’t listen.”
“Thanks.” Dean replied awkwardly. If he'd been in a better mood, Dean would have tried much harder to start a conversation, but he wasn't.
, but it also blunted the edges enough so that his thought processes weren’t as sharp as he would have liked.
“Would you like some coffee or tea?” Castiel asked, trying to be a gracious host. Officer Winchester sighed and rubbed a hand through his short hair, face more troubled than it had been going into the conversation with Krissy.
It gave Dean a moment to evaluate Castiel fully. He was actually…really attractive. Dean hadn’t been able to notice it before in the dark alleyway, but now under the hall light, the wild dark hair and solemn blue eyes were striking in their intensity. Daphne had told the truth; the man didn’t have a scent at all. That was weird as hell.
Ugh. He still couldn’t believe his drunk self had thought it acceptable to sleep in the same bed with a man he had literally met a week ago. Well, acquaintance. Okay, yes, it had been a couple years since he had slept with anyone, both the innocent and not so innocent kind, and not to say that he didn't have his fair share of sex with absolute strangers, but - context. It was too risky here. If someone found out he was an omega during sex or close contact of any sort, he was
“You lookin’ for him ’cause you missed the shot the first time? Not like you to miss.” With his previous years abroad in active duty for the military, Gordon had continued to be one of the best sharpshooters in the Lawrence police department – and now everything became a little bit clearer. He was such a good soldier and policeman that a lot of smaller offenses had been brushed under the rug, but this wasn’t anything minor now. He’d gone completely off the deep end.
Drawing back a little, Dean blinked at Castiel. With the scars on his arms, it was obvious that Castiel knew exactly what Dean was so worried about - had lived through it. But that didn't stop Dean from feeling horribly exposed. Every single time he’d been found out on accident, something terrible
They were two hours in and Castiel had already blown them all out of the water. Charlie and Dean had kept it slow, making sure Castiel didn’t get too drunk, too fast, but once he hadn’t shown any signs of approaching intoxication, it had gotten intense.
Castiel gestured to Uriel with his head, trying to convey himself, but Jimmy shook his head again. Uriel caught the gesture and narrowed his eyes. “Castiel, is there something you want to tell us?”
They arrived just as the airlock fully depressurized. Dean got to the inner door and found himself looking through the port hole window. There was someone in there wearing a space suit, facing the outer door as it opened and revealed the shimmering halo of the Gate. They were very close to the black maw of the wormhole, but that wasn’t what Dean was focused on.
She ducked out of the doorway, vanishing from sight, and Dean could hear her muffled laughter receding down the hallway. Thinking as fast as he could through his pounding headache, Dean picked up Castiel’s draped arm with as little contact as possible and untangled himself from the position. Once he rolled off the bed onto the floor, Dean chanced one quick look back over the top of the mattress to see if he had woken Castiel, but the man only frowned in his sleep and clutched at the empty space before settling again.
“I don’t even know what I have, let alone how to use it.” Castiel told him, suddenly finding a very interesting thread on his pants leg to pick at. “I’ve been trying to give Charlie time to figure-“
When Dean made no other move, Castiel turned back to watch the show, and Dean, being the coward he was, did the same.
Castiel inclines his head. “It has been indeed. I hope the Northwest has been treating your pack well.”
“Looks like I can stay to take Castiel’s statement when he gets back with the kid. Do you mind if I take yours now?”
“Yeah, so…” he paused, but couldn’t come up with anything else to say while Cas was still staring at him like that. “See ya in a bit.” Dean said, and shut the door in his face.
“Okay, now we can go.” Dean told Cas, who picked up the files and laptop Dean had set aside. Halfway to the door, Dean turned back. “Ruby, it’s been nice. Rot in hell, bitch.”
“Well, good news and bad news fellas,” Ash said, still typing away on his comm. “Good news is, Sam is fit as a fiddle physically. The picture of health, if you will.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean started, mightily annoyed. “Happened anyways.” When Castiel didn’t say anything else, Dean opened his eyes again and stared at the ceiling. He did not get up. “What do you want?”
Alistair just watched him, eyes glinting. “You’ve been sampling the goods for free up until now. It’s time for you to earn a place at the table.”
“That bastard.” Dean growled out, eyes on the medical bill in front of him. It had only been a few days since those douchebags claiming to be family had shown up at the house unannounced, making themselves at home, and that asshole Christian had poked his nose in where it didn’t belong to find out he was an omega. Hadn’t thought he’d need to hide his stuff in his own house, but obviously that was a mistake.
But he didn’t know any better. It would make sense. The reflexes from the night they'd met, the ungodly tolerance, scarring from wounds that looked like it would’ve killed a weaker man. But that was one in a million chance of being a T-1 unless-
“Confused?” Henrickson asked. “Isn’t it fascinating? Identical twin brothers, and yet they presented differently. It’s very rare, but I’ve been told it does happen. Something about gene expression. I don’t know. I’m not a scientist.”
“No, can’t say I have. Last I saw him was last week, after he found out, well, found out we were paying for your fathers medical bills. Why do you ask?”
That was true. Depending on the monsters, and whether they started as human or not, some lost their daemons in the transformation, or never had one at all. A few would kill for the chance to have their daemons back again.
The single room he’d managed to snag this school year had at first been a blessing, but it had come with an awful caveat – being on the first floor, right next to the dorm building entrance scanner. Any drunk students who somehow managed to lock themselves out in the cold, unforgiving Minnesota winter would inevitably wake him up, begging to be let in.
Castiel turns away to ready the things on his cart, almost rolling his eyes at the response, but he stops himself. He of all people knows pain brings out the worst in people. “I’ll just need to verify some information with you, and then we’ll get started. Do you consent to being compelled-“
As soon as his own paws touched the dirt, Amelia shot off into the forest, leaping nimbly over the small stream. Unused to running very far, Amelia couldn’t outpace Castiel, so he stayed comfortably beside her as she enjoyed the day inside the forests.
He smelled something burning right before he collided with something in the middle of the hallway. Unprepared for debris, Dean let himself glance off and hit the wall with a grunt.
Castiel scans the list for another moment before looking back up. “I’ll get started on these shortly.”
Smiling wide, Jess met them halfway. “You made it!” She turned her gaze to the shorter two. “You must be Krissy and Shawn. It’s nice to finally meet you.” Shawn remained a step behind Krissy, so Jess shook Krissy’s hand first before bending to do the same with him. “I’ll introduce you to everyone, but I bet you two will like Ash the best.”
“Cas-“ he wheezed, grabbing at the hand around his neck with his own free hand. For a split second, Dean felt Castiel start to leverage the rest of his weight behind the stranglehold, but then he let go, realization flashing in his face. Dean gasped for air and sat up, coughing a little as he rubbed his neck.
“Dean- what-“ Castiel withdrew, putting distance between them, eyes wide. “ I – are you alright? I’m so sorry – I-“
“Coffee’d be great,” he said, moving more into the room. As Castiel turned to pour him a cup, Officer Winchester leaned against the counter closest to him. “Krissy didn’t want to press charges, and it’s not like it would be successful anyhow, but I did get her to agree to a court order so he can’t come near her again. He’s definitely the one who broke into where they’d been squatting and waited for her, but I guess when he didn’t find her he went out looking for a more available omega.”
All three wolves stopped and turned at the sight of the first glittering light on the dark horizon. It disappeared before the sound of the explosion could be heard, hollow and faint from this far away, and Castiel shifted back when the other two did to watch with human eyes. Their vantage point on the top of a large bluff made it easy for them to see the next flare of light, a blue one this time, and hear the low boom roll over the silent tree tops.
A loud grumble made her stop talking completely. In the silence, Castiel’s face flushed red, and then Dean tried really, really hard to stifle his laughter, shaking silently.
Still trying to absorb this new information, Dean ate what Charlie put in front of him on autopilot, not even noticing what it was.
While the rest of his classmates had stayed on the marked path, too bored on this field trip to even misbehave, Sam had seen the faded marks of writing on a far wall, overgrown with vines, and had ducked away to explore by himself. A dumb move in hindsight, especially since the tour guides had taken all their comms at the beginning of the field trip.
“A swan can fly wherever it wants, but this one always follows the same path, over and over again. I find it fascinating.”
“Should’ve woken me up earlier.” It was obvious she’d been up for a while, and that they’d let him sleep way longer than he had wanted to. “Where’s Sammy?”
It only takes a few more minutes before reflective yellow eyes flash in the darkness surrounding the bonfire. There are excited yips and growls as the werewolves prowl along the edge of the light from the fire with their distinctive loping gait.
Though it’s tempting, Castiel can’t bring himself to do any serious physical harm, but he grapples with Dean as he tries to open the door wider.
“It’s bad.” Benny said, “Cut up Jess’ clothes, tore up her office real good, even put another bottle of Red on their bed. We need to do somethin’ ‘fore -” His eyes darted over to Jess.
Ash clapped Dean on the shoulder, having made time to see this spectacle after coming over to talk to Charlie. “Damn, where did you find this dude, amigo?”
Once Bobby had been updated on the break-in, the effort to locate Ruby redoubled. They still had no luck. There wasn’t a lot of evidence to go on anyways - just the notes and the drugged wine, which made some of the officers question if Ruby was indeed the person responsible. It
Putting out a hand, Sam smiled winningly at Castiel, who in turn looked a little shocked by his height. “Hello! I’m Sam Winchester. You’ve met my wife Jess and my brother Dean before, but not me.”
instead of what he was currently doing, but for now Dean felt as though they were currently hovering at a weird tipping point, and he wasn't gonna mess with it. Henrickson hounded Castiel every day, meeting them every day at Daphne's diner to check on Castiel, and to remind both of them of his presence. He was becoming increasingly fed up with Castiel's continuing unwillingness. Castiel still wouldn’t even give him the time of day, which only made Henrickson angrier, and Dean liked those moments a lot more than he should. Of course, Dean actually had to keep Bobby updated daily as well with a short call, but nothing
Standing up turned out to be a very bad idea. He grabbed the doorframe and took a second to recover, head splitting and his stomach protesting the sudden movements. No time! He moved into the hall, but Charlie was long gone.
He didn’t recognize the number, but the area code was where John and Dean were living at the moment, so he turned off the radio and answered it. “Hello?”
Dean’s phone buzzed on the table. “Doing what on purpose?” Dean asked, grabbing it and swiping the screen.
He nodded to Joshua and backtracked back through the green room, ignoring the feeling of eyes on the back of his head as he left.
It was Sammy, so Dean picked it up without stopping the game. “This better be important, dude. I’m kicking ass at Life right now.”
From down by the beach, there’s a commotion that can be heard from up where they are. A shout, and the thud of feet running up the trail. A large man bursts into view, scrambling up the trail, laughing. It’s Sam Winchester.
The table turned out to be one of those shitty, wobbly piece of crap tables the college could manage to afford, too small for two fully grown men, so their knees knocked together until they figured out what to do with their legs.
Castiel slouched a little bit, apologetic. “I’m sorry, it was obvious you wanted to keep it a secret. I didn’t want to say anything. You must know I won’t tell anyone.”
"Like the Great Cloud massacre?" Pam questioned. "Will they care if they know we didn't know what we did wrong?"
His first stop is Mr. Riggs, an elderly man who lands in the hospital for a day or two every month or so. He doesn’t usually get a central line, but it’s always harder to draw from smaller fragile veins without one. Mr. Riggs spots him immediately, pale and frail in his bed, but eyes clear and responsive. “Ah, thank god you’re working today, Castiel.”
He should’ve known better than to show such a suspenseful movie to an omega from the Preserves in hiding. God, he was stupid.
Making sure to appear unhurried, Castiel paid for all of it and lead the kid out the door, neck prickling with awareness as the cashier stared after them. They both walked down the sidewalk until they were out of sight of the store’s windows, and then the kid turned around, looking like he would bolt at any moment.
“Dude, these’re awesome!” Dean traced the shiny scar tissue, starting from his wrists and ending in the crease of his elbow. “Did’ja get into a fight with a bear or somethin’?”
“Figured what out?” Charlie glanced back over her shoulder to the door, and Dean realized. “Mr. Comatose?” Assessing, Dean looked Charlie up and down. “No way you figured anything out.”
Something whispered at her feet. Anna glanced down, but did not see anything of note. “Uriel.” Anna called out.
Castiel leaned forward from his place at the doorway. “Charlie, before you start, have you made any progress on my, um, my-“
When Castiel arrived at their agreed meeting spot, the wind had stilled, and everything was silent. Balthazar was nowhere to be found; not surprising, considering Castiel had come too early anyways, spurred by this new emergency.
They’d been at this town, this school, for almost a month now, and Dean was enjoying his continuing status as the new bad boy in a leather jacket. Everyone assumed, with the help of the cover scent, that he was a regular beta. It helped that he was tall and good-looking. And a huge flirt. Girls loved the whole mysterious bad boy image, so he never had trouble getting a girl to complete the image at a new school, and this town was no exception.
“Dean,” Bobby said, and Dean turned in his direction. “Agent Henrickson here wants you to be his consultant until this is all resolved, and I told him you would be. You’ll be released from your regular duties and you’ll assist Henrickson while he’s here with daily reports to me.” He didn’t seem too pleased with it himself.
“No, I’d prefer to walk.” Castiel didn’t think he would ever get used to cars. He passed Daphne to get a granola bar from the cabinet, and she handed him a mug of coffee when he turned back around. “Thank you, Daphne,” Castiel murmured.
Mortimer turned his attention to Dean. “Tell me, if someone released a virus so deadly that only shifters, the ones with the best immune systems, could survive, what would happen?”
After a moment’s hesitation, Castiel sighed and bent down and undid Dean’s belt as quickly as he could. When he looked up again, Dean wasn’t smiling anymore.
He fell onto his side, elbow connecting with a sharp rock, and Castiel looked down at his leg just in time to see Uriel in wolf form, teeth digging into his ankle, before Uriel violently shook his head, tearing into skin and muscle. Teeth gritted in agony, Castiel lunged at Uriel with the dagger, but Uriel let go and darted back before the steel could touch him.
“Ow! Jesus, dude, get off-“ Dean said, trying to get the phone back, but Castiel was stronger than he was, and held him at bay as he listened to the man on the other end of the line.
Henrickson raised an eyebrow. “If that’s what you want to call it, yes. But just a few years ago, communication went dead – literally – when the whole Underground was found and destroyed by the Old Hierarchy, just as the news we were getting turned…concerning. So our government wants to know why, badly, so we can find out what else has been brewing.” He gestured to the folder on the table, and Dean looked down at the unassuming blank cover before flipping it open.
Castiel went back to reading the book he had found in the drawer, relaxing back into place on his motel bed. “Yes, I too think quite a lot.”
on me and shot me, and-“ Krissy’s lip quivered as Benny interrupted, alarmed. “-No. In the leg. No, it’s not bleeding too much, I’m putting pressure on it. – Yeah, he’s still here, I handcuffed him. – No, I kicked him with my other leg and managed to get his own handcuffs on him. Can you please come get me?” Krissy nodded and told him the address, voice wobbling. “Okay, hurry, please.”
Once the preliminaries were over, Dean put away his small recorder, satisfied with her answers. They had migrated to the living room, Dean claiming the comfortable couch and Daphne taking the armchair facing it. She hadn’t seen any of the action, but Daphne had noticed the alpha on several occasions in the diner before this, just staring at her. Castiel had not liked him at all.
Castiel still held the plastic bag containing both of their items, so he dropped to his haunches with a sigh to sift through it and take out his things. “I don’t want anything. But you want these, don’t you?” Castiel held up the food that the kid had tried to steal, who looked hungrily back at it. “You should do this when the elderly lady is behind the counter. If she catches you, she won’t call the police like the other two cashiers.
“Hmm.” Castiel took a minute to drain his glass. After a beat, Castiel said, “I’m unsure how to explain something you’ve never experienced before.”
When he recovered, Dean looked back up. “Your plan with Lucifer won’t work, Cas. I know you’re having doubts about it. Why do you think so many of your kind stayed true to your Father’s orders and fought back?” he gestured around them, to the towering figures overhead.
“Just hide out in a bathroom if you need, bro, okay? And try not to drink anymore. You’re gonna end up passing out, or hooking up with someone and regretting it.”
It was, however, Christmas season, Dean reminded himself. Crowds weren't that peculiar in Christmas season.
“I have many sources. I’ll see if I can find anyone who was at the party and can see colors.” She closed out of the image and lifted her head. “It won’t give us a clear cut answer, but it will give us a narrowed list, at least.”
The employee pointed to a section in the back right. Dean thanked him and walked over to the assortment of books, letting his eyes drift over them. There were guides, textbooks and even a few fictional stories, which had obviously been taken from a different section and misplaced. It took Dean a few minutes before his eyes finally landed on one, and he grabbed it. It was a guide for future lawyers or something like that, so Dean figured it’d be good for Sam.
"I'm good," Benny replied, shrugging as he gripped his bag, "My roomie is giving me a whole lotta crap lately. He's an early bird, so he doesn't like that I'm a night owl." Benny turned, stopped for a quick second, and glanced at Dean. "How's your roommate? You two getting along?"
Dean shook his head, but Cas shoved the money into his hand and took off without another word. Dean groaned and stared at the money, eventually turning to stuffing it into his wallet. He muttered something under his breath as he began to walk to the nearest map of the mall. He had decided to buy his brother three things: a book on law, a new plaid shirt and something from Harry Potter. Dean didn't know exactly what from Harry Potter, but given that Sam was most likely a Ravenclaw, Dean wanted to get him something to do with Ravenclaw.
Soon, Cas was dressed, and Dean ushered him out the door early, wanting to go out. The two decided to stop at a nearby Five Guys and get burgers. Cas ate his happily, and Dean, for once, didn’t engulf his food. Rather, he ate it at a normal pace, taking moments to say something to Cas as he ate. Cas smiled at the small progress Dean was making. Dean’s eating pace was something that always slightly concerned Cas. Even with his energetic and food-crazed siblings, he had never known anyone to eat as fast as Dean did. Still, Cas didn’t say anything about it. Rather, he just basked in the sight of Dean happily eating food at a normal pace.
Dean rubbed his eyes tiredly as he stared at the paper in front of him. It was currently 4pm, and school was over. However, Dean had opted to go to the library right next to the school, in order to work on some homework without distractions. Sam was there too, but was in a different section of the library, avidly reading.
By the time the clock struck 11pm, he had already managed to avoid most of the party by staying in a relatively quiet part of the backyard. By midnight, he was hiding out on the second floor, eating cookies and praying no drunk person found him or threw up on him.
“My day’s good. I had a good first class. Math, with Ms. Bond.” She shrugged her shoulders. “She’s a pretty cool teacher.”
“She's my adoptive mom.” Charlie explained, a small smile still present on her face. “My real parents… they got into an accident when I was 12. Karen and her husband adopted me.” She tilted her head, ignoring the shocked expressions Sam and Dean both wore. “Was that your dad?”
“So what are we supposed to do with the list?” Dean whispered. “I barely know anyone at this school. It’d be like… like searching for a needle in a haystack. It’s damn near impossible!”
“You must be Dean.” Spoke one of those people, a short, blue eyed man with a crinkled smile. Dean nodded, and the man smiled even wider. “The name’s Chuck Novak. I’m Castiel’s father.”
And so, after Lucifer barked out orders, everyone went to a specific part of the house, as they awaited the clock to strike ten.
Dean looked somberly at Bobby, realizing Bobby was referencing his own soulmate, whom he had lost a few years prior due to illness.
Anna, who was sitting at the bar, fell out of her seat with a loud clatter. As Cas and Balthazar turned their heads towards her, she stood and advanced towards Cas. “You can see colors, Cas?”
“We will!” Cried Anael, dumping her plate into the sink. She rinsed it off with water and then left it as she ran upstairs to get properly dressed.
Dean drove to the nearest IHOP, and he walked with Cas up to the door of the IHOP and walked in. Dean and Cas found a booth near the front door, sat down, and began looking at their menus.
"Hello Dean." Cas murmured when Dean walking in, setting his stuff down on the table. "I made burgers."
“Can’t I just be smiling because a friend texted me, and not because I’m in love?” Dean asked defensively, and Charlie thought for a bit.
The two boys walked around the aquarium for quite a while, Cas pointing out tanks while Dean would clamor over them. Cas nearly laughed a few times; it was far too amusing to watch Dean get so excited over something as simple as a fish tank. Then again, from what Dean had said so far of his interests and experiences, it seemed there was still a ton of things he hadn't yet done that most people had. Towards the end of the day, they bought some snacks and sat on a bench, eating and chatting. And both of them could agree that it had been an incredibly fun day.
Dean turned that over in his head for a minute, eyes bouncing between Cas and Jack. He prodded at the idea, turned it this way and that, flipped it over and poked at it some more. He finally nodded to himself and leaned forward.
“Why?” he asked finally, staring off the far edge of the deck towards the path that he was pretty sure led off to the lake Jack had mentioned, hands braced on either side of the open door.
Nodding thoughtfully, Jack watched squirrels racing through the yard. Sadie grumbled at their nerve but didn’t chase.
“I’m around,” Jack answered, saying something poetic about being in every drop of rain or some crap, but all Dean could hear was the most hated word in his lexicon underscoring all of it:
Cas nodded without any hesitation and stepped off the porch, wandering towards the garden and its beehives. “Just don’t leave without saying goodbye,” he said, half turning to meet Dean’s gaze with a soft smile.
Sam put Donna on speakerphone as Dean peeled the Impala out of the garage aiming for Eileen’s place, motioning for Dean to keep her talking while he simultaneously tried to reach Eileen on Dean’s phone.
The undulating ellipses that show Sam typing appear, disappear, appear again. Dean frowned at his phone.
Clocking Sam’s frustrated expression—he wasn’t having any luck reaching Eileen, it seemed—Dean shook his head as he focused back on the road. “Not long, couple days. So if you showed back up where you were when you poofed out, I guess that means everyone else did, too, and is probably none the wiser.”
“He saved me.” And wasn’t that the truth, dozens of times over? “Billie was coming after us and Cas summoned the Empty. It took her…and it took him.”
They discussed the merits of domestic beer (Dean’s preference) versus imported (Castiel’s) while working their way through their first bottles. Dean was never more grateful to have a pizza come out perfect, although once he’d stuck a couple of slices on Castiel’s plate and had to hear the
The extra light from the small side window that overlooked where he had parked his Baby made all the difference to what could have otherwise felt like a skinny shoebox of a room.
“You look incredible,” he said honestly, if a bit shyly, as he accepted the proffered bacon bouquet, setting it down on the wobbly-legged table near the door where he usually left his wallet and keys.
Dean took a second to look around and savour the feeling of real air in his lungs. Heaven was great and all, but it would never beat earth for him, at least not until Sam was up there, too.
Oblivious to Dean’s onset of wariness, Gabe took him across the hall, waving a hand into the bathroom as they passed. Unlike the kitchen it looked like it had been fully redone, and the bold choice to replace the typical apartment tub-shower combo with a spacious walk-in shower made Dean shudder with longing at the idea of never banging his elbows on a wall or being too tall to fit under the showerhead ever again.
They had just wandered out of a shared shower and were getting ready to head out for brunch with Gabriel when Dean’s phone buzzed on the dresser.
It would have taken some time back on Alistair’s rack to make Dean admit it aloud again, but Sam had been right to call him out. That drunk driving shit had been too far, even for him, and Dean wasn’t too proud to agree that he never would have forgiven himself if he had taken some poor soul out just because he couldn’t handle himself like a damn adult.
Dean tried to think of everything he usually did when shit went sideways and losing himself at the bottom of a bottle was top of the list. Cutting out the heavy stuff was as good a place as any to start, he figured, and he’d try to work on the rest as it came up.
"Dean," Gabe said sharply, pointing at the exit that they were about to miss. They made it with only two horns blared at them, but it forced Dean to focus. Bad enough if he lost Cas, but if he wrecked his Baby on top of that...well, it just didn't bear thinking about.
Dean had kissed a lot of people, even more than he had hooked up with, certainly, but nothing really compared to kissing Cas. It wasn’t perfect; they bumped noses more than once and Cas was a little hesitant to offer his tongue, but it was slick and warm and sweet nonetheless. When Dean pulled away slowly, letting the kiss wind down to a natural end, Cas’ dazed, breathy little “Wow” made him chuckle.
When the nausea had abated somewhat, he slumped even further, letting his fingers run into his hair and
While Dean fought a confused blush and the sudden urge to trip over absolutely nothing because he became a fucking disaster whenever a guy complimented him, Gabe pointed to the front window.
Apparently a nephilim desperate to set things right—and possibly juiced up by some additional Rowena-inspired magick—was more than capable of taking on God; Jack had ruthlessly turned the surge of power that Chuck had accumulated from his Thanos-style move back on him, effectively obliterating him.
It sure seemed like it; Gabe’s teasing never failed to get a rise out of Dean, even though this was already the tenth time over the last few weeks since they had started taking turns making dinner and watching the pre-season games together. Not that Dean was keeping count of how many times he’d hung out with Cas or anything.
The strains of a perky little ringtone started tinkling from Sam’s pocket. They both stiffened and turned to catch each other’s eye.
They sat quietly for a while, Cas’ ragged breathing the soundtrack to the twisting of Dean’s heart as hope was wrung out of it one drop at a time, leaving it hollow and ringing with despair.
Dean nodded, pressing the toaster button down and then neatly cracking four eggs into a pan. “I’m even putting lettuce and tomatoes in it this time.”
Bobby’s brown eyes crinkled at the corners as he looked Dean over. “You’re a little earlier than expected, but I can’t say it isn’t good to see you.”
His words seemed to have the opposite effect, though, and a few more tears dropped free from Cas’ wet lashes when he turned his face into the soft touch, mouth trembling, eyes pinched closed.
Soundlessly, Cas stepped up to his shoulder, his body perpendicular to Dean’s. His hand lifted, hesitated, before he settled it on Dean’s forearm and squeezed lightly.
Cas had been remarkably patient with him. He’d leaned into Dean’s neediness instead of pulling back like the loving, considerate, amazing boyfriend that he was, trying to alleviate it however he could even as his eyes reflected his growing concern.
Bumping his forehead lightly against Cas’, Dean shook his head. “We’ll talk it all out, Cas, I promise, but I’d really like to kiss you right now if that’s ok with you?”
In spite of the heaviness of Dean’s heart, it leapt at Sam’s shout when Dean lunged at him and got him in a headlock, sticking a wet index into his ear with a triumphant “Hah!”. John didn’t laugh, but some of the deeper lines around his mouth and eyes softened watching Sam trying to tangle his long arms around Dean’s knees to take him down onto the muddy drive.
Gabriel shrugged easily, turning to let Dean pass through. “No hard feelings, Deano, it’s just too much fun to make you blush.”
“Are you dying?” Dean asked suspiciously and (mostly) jokingly, half expecting Sam to have doctored his brew with salt or something.
Cas chuckled, and Dean allowed himself to enjoy the little shiver that raced down his spine at the rich sound of it.
Dean shook his head, nose wrinkled now as he eyed the pot skeptically. “Throw a pound of ground beef in there and we can talk.”
After a fruitless hour of poking through empty homes and businesses—even the local pet store didn’t have so much as a guppy left in any of the tanks—Sam was the one who finally made the call.
It was one of those rare, perfect late-April Sundays where the sun was warm and the air was fresh and just a bit cool, the trees nearly quivering with pent up energy. Their heavily budded branches were just waiting for that silent signal to burst into joyful spring-green bloom.
Sam’s big paw gripped his shoulder where Cas’ handprint had once been seared into his skin. “And you’re doing good. I’m really proud of you.”
While Dean tried to figure out how he could respond in a way that didn’t involve begging Castiel to tell him that he was joking, Castiel cocked a brow at him. Going for broke, Dean held out both hands to him in supplication.
Being a reasonably smart guy, Dean knew a golden opportunity when one was presented to him. “You might regret that invitation when I show up in full Habs regalia and my extremely classy beer hat with dual straws.”
The question seemed to only deepen Dean’s discomfort as his face twisted in…distress? Identifying human expressions still posed some difficulty for him, especially without the extra sense his grace used to provide.
Self-Aware Sasquatch using the talking-to-the-victim voice was Dean’s least favourite thing. Yet the calm understanding written all over Sam’s face and the compassion just about dripping off of him made Dean want nothing more than to spill his guts…or maybe smack him upside the head. He wasn’t sure. Was Sam pulling some reverse psychology bullshit on him?
, Cas opened his eyes and looked at him appraisingly. “The resemblance is quite good this time; you’re getting better. The freckles are a nice touch.”
In the periphery of his gaze he could see Dean wiping at his face, pushing slowly to his feet. He didn’t leave though. He hovered, the angle of his body suggesting that he was looking down at Cas. His hand twitched like he wanted to reach out. Even if it meant he was pathetic, Cas wished he would. How could everything be over so quickly? A couple of hours earlier they had been lying on Dean’s kitchen floor—
The sound of his blood rushing in his ears was so loud that Dean had to struggle to focus on what Sam had said. Sam, who apparently gave no fucks about who Dean was with, who—
He watched Sam’s confusion clear as recognition dawned, except that after a few seconds, Sam’s brows pulled together again. He opened his mouth with an inhale then hesitated, looking at Dean questioningly to see if he was done yet.
, kicking off in the depths of his damp eyes. “No. ’m fucking it all up, like I usually do. But…you’re right—”
They clinked beer bottles solemnly and then Cas picked up his utensils but waited until Dean and Gabe had loaded up their first bites before he started in on his plate. The sound Dean made when he got that perfect first forkful into his mouth made Gabriel choke on his while Cas beamed, all kinds of pleased.
The idea of telling Cas sat like a frozen rock in his gut, but the idea that Sam would look at him differently after suffused him head to foot in a boiling hot blanket of shame. And that was where the root of the problem lay: what he told Sam would be what could either cost him his little brother’s respect, or Cas’.
Running his fingers into his already disheveled hair, Cas pulled in exasperation, staring down at his rumpled bedspread. “I don’t know what there is to even talk
“Because of a story I told you about my mom.” He looked up slowly at Cas who was biting his lip and fidgeting.
Turning back around to stir the stew and deal with the rice halfway through one of Sam’s epic eye rolls didn’t diminish the power of it one bit. “Shut up, you had three helpings and asked me to make it again.”
. Something about the mellow vibe of this song captured the sad but still hopeful feeling I was aiming for - let me know if it was successful!
There wasn’t much that could put Dean off his food, but anything to do with Cas these days was definitely on the short list. He carefully set his fork down with a sigh at the waste of all that beautiful bacon-y goodness.
“Damn, Winchester,” Gabe said softly from beside him. An open beer was in one of his hands, a second in the other that was practically under Dean’s nose, and judging by the knowing look Gabe gave him, had been for a while. “Shut your mouth or you’re gonna get drool on the floor.”
The drive to work wasn’t a long one, but he hauled out the same ideas he’d been turning over in his head for months now for review anyways. They were practically ragged from overthinking, aching in a dull yet familiar way like a tongue that just kept prodding at a sore tooth. They were also all terrible plans, assuredly destined to fail spectacularly.
A few more seconds passed and Dean finally seemed to realize that Cas wasn’t going to answer him. His feet turned away and he walked slowly into the hall, like he was hoping Cas might stop him.
The sound of the front door closing behind Dean seemed to break the iron hold Cas had kept on himself; he gasped like he’d been doused in icy water as devastation was replaced with panic. Logically he knew that his body was sensing a threat to his well-being and responding with another option in its repertoire. He had held still long enough, now it was time to flee.
A low growl came from Gabriel. Cas was surprised to see his tawny eyes narrow, his usually gregarious expression twist down into a furious scowl.
Dammit. Sam deserved better. Jack deserved better. Cas…well, he deserved so much better than he’d gotten, too.
Throwing caution to the wind, Cas’ hands snapped out to pull Dean in against him before he fully realized what he was doing. Shockingly, Dean not only let him, but even shoved his own arms through the mass of pillows behind Cas’ back to hang on to him in return, sprawled a bit awkwardly across Cas’ lap.
No one answered him. The bright glow of early morning sunlight gave enough illumination for him to see that, unusually, both Gabe and Cas’ bedroom doors were open.
Still casting odd glances at Cas, Sam raised his voice to call down the hall. “Hope my room is ready for me, jerk!”
It was one of the many reasons why, despite his growing-by-leaps-and-bounds attraction to Cas, he tried to keep his crush in check. Although at least he now knew for certain that Cas was gay, Cas having mentioned it offhandedly the first time they’d hung out.
He slipped back into his apartment just long enough to grab his stuff for the day and left Sam a note in front of the coffee pot with some cash, letting him know he’d be home around five.
Focused on listening for his phone to ping with a ‘Ready?’ type of message from Cas, he was startled to hear a knock on his door.
“I don’t know.” Serious for once, Gabriel’s hazel eyes met his. “I honestly don’t know what he’ll do.”
“Yeah, you weirdo. I “reciprocate” your “interest”.” He used air quotes like he’d seen Cas do before, and the way Cas’ eyes lit with amusement even before his lips curved up was
He had started off this conversation with a destination in mind, and instead he was off on an unexpected side trip, ranting away at Cas whose worst crime was, what? Being selfless and loving the dumpster fire on wheels that was Dean Winchester?
“No, shut up, I know what you’re going to say.” Sam’s face was painfully earnest, his eyes all but begging Dean to listen, and damn but the kid was persuasive when he wanted to be.
Finally, blessedly, alone, Dean stopped pretending to fuss over the car and tilted his head back to stare at the ceiling, letting his shoulders sag. He and Sammy seemed to take turns with these kinds of things, one of them always finding a way to carry on despite their grief when the other couldn’t see a way forward out of the darkness.
More worried by the second, Dean grabbed at Cas’ hands before he could drop them, yanking him up with all the grace of a ragdoll only for him to let himself flop over limply, half on and half off Dean’s lap. “
“Can I kiss you now?” he asked, watching hungrily as Cas’ tongue darted out to wet his lips. He looked back up, saw Cas nod silently.
It felt like every muscle Dean had was bruised and aching by the time he hauled himself out of the car back in the bunker’s garage. Even his scalp was tender when he ran a hand through his hair, the roots nearly groaning with discomfort.
“I mean…” Dean shifted uneasily under the glare Sam turned on him. “He said it was ok, Sam. He told me to come. We’ll have, like, literally forever together later on.”
Sam seemed alright with the arrangement, contenting himself with sending increasingly grumpy texts as he headed back to school after the Christmas holidays.
Dean could have said something. He could have reached over and flicked through to the next photo, where Anna had dragged Cas into the frame but he hadn’t looked up at the phone in Dean’s outstretched hand; he’d been looking at Dean, a private little smile on his lips.
Cas was tucked up under the cozy-looking duvet, resting quietly. Dean, on the other hand, was still getting his body back under control as the adrenaline wore off.
“I don’t understand,” he whispered, utterly bewildered by the idea of being loved so profoundly by someone who had apparently never intended for him to know. “Sammy? I don’t…”
It echoed on repeat in the vast empty places inside of him, the spaces where other (normal) people had partners and kids, or family and friends that hadn’t died in myriad tragic, horrible ways… The spaces that had started to feel like maybe they wouldn’t be so empty with Sam, Cas, and Jack around him, Team Free Will two point oh turning the bunker into a real home.
He picked a strawberry out of the bowl on his lap and bit into it. He savoured the incomparable sweetness of a locally harvested, sun-ripened berry, infinitely superior to the bland, soulless facsimiles available the rest of the year.
“I had so many chances to just tell Sam the truth about you, about me, but I always had some stupid reason why it didn’t feel like the right time or whatever, and then before I knew it I was back home for Sam’s spring break.”
As it turned out, Jack had never actually gone to the library that day. Grieving the loss of one of his fathers and then witnessing the anguish of the others at their own losses, he had channeled all of his raw nephilim power and summoned Chuck to answer for his actions.
“Yes, Dean Winchester, grace makes an angel. And you are about to offer me Castiel’s grace in exchange for whatever scrap of him will be left without it.”
Sam sighed, but didn’t take the bait. “I could set up the phone lines like Bobby had ‘em, use some better technology to keep track of who’s where. If someone needs some extra help we can see who’s closest and send them out, help out with research, stuff like that. What do you think?”
Sam’s eyes were mostly blank as his attention turned within, listening to whatever the agitated voice on the phone was saying, then he all but knocked Dean over as he bolted for the garage.
He knew he was being difficult, but when he tried to feel bad about it, he found he just didn’t care.
“I know. He’s in the Empty, but I can’t…I can’t leave him there. Me 'n Sam, we had a plan, memorized the spells and everything to get him out, but we didn’t have time before I…you know. Died or whatever. I—I need to talk to Jack.”
. After nearly thirty years of shared rooms he had relished the peace and privacy of his own room; the rare time he had bothered with a hookup the last few years he had kept up with his usual habit of going to the chick’s place and had rarely spent the night. But tonight…
Dean was surprised by Sam’s suggestion; it felt more like something he’d say than anything he would have ever expected to hear coming out of his brother.
A quick check of his weather app showed a dry and cool evening, no rain forecasted. Cas had a jacket folded over his arm, so with a shrug, Dean left the keys on the table and went to grab his leather jacket for himself. “Sure, it looks like it’ll be a nice night for a walk.”
Dean hadn’t really had an idea what to expect when he got to Cas, but a resigned “Not this again,” definitely hadn’t been on his list.
Jack didn’t answer his phone, and when Dean pulled up at the library, the car Jack had borrowed, like the kid himself, was nowhere to be found.
Castiel was funny as hell in an entirely unexpected way, all Sahara-dry comments with sneaky little hints of what Dean had a feeling was more than a passing familiarity with sarcasm. He didn’t hold back, easily countering Dean’s banter like he’d been doing it for years and dropping little tidbits about himself between questions about Dean’s life.
A restless wind had kicked up, whipping branches in the trees back and forth in an echo of Dean’s own churning insides. He looked around, eyeing the massing dark clouds in the distance. Thunder rumbled threateningly.
He started off the damp and drizzly Saturday morning by lugging his few boxes up the stairs of his new place by himself.
Warning: Sam says something in a flashback that Dean interpreted as a homophobic comment. There is a reason for this, I swear, please don't riot
Dean would have paid more attention to what was coming out of the oven, except that Cas was wearing a loose pair of grey sweatpants that were riding low on his hips, t-shirt all rucked up in the back by the knot of the apron he had on. The resulting exposed strip of skin was as golden as it was on his arms, and to make the whole picture just that much more tantalizing to Dean, the sleeves of Cas’ t-shirt pulled tight over his biceps as he reached forward to retrieve his prize.
(can NOT say enough good things!), who captured the intimacy and quiet calm of that moment and even made it into a stunning title card for this fic. Thank you <3
Cas twisted around to move closer, his eyes practically glowing in the dim light from the home screen on the TV.
The humidity against his face as he sighed heavily into the pillow made him grimace and pull away, resettling on a dryer spot.
The corners of those incredible eyes crinkled as Castiel offered a small smile. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Dean.”
Caught with his mouth stuffed with lettuce, Dean worked it all over into one cheek and tried to not spit half-chewed leaves at Sam. “You don’t want to hunt anymore?”
Figuring out he was bi had taken him every ounce of what limited self-awareness he had possessed at the tender age of eighteen, and it had been a rollercoaster of highest highs (novelty and excitement and rightness) and lowest lows (despair and self-loathing and shame).
Sam shook his head. “He didn’t seem too keen on it, but with both of us and Bobby out here now I’m sure he’ll come around eventually.”
Speaking the last word of the spell over the parchment inked with sigils painted in Jack’s blood, Dean had no idea what to expect, but he’d been in weirder situations before. He’d figure it out.
“Dean...” The thoughtful way Jack said his name made Dean’s anxiety spike. After everything, with Cas here, so frigging close to actually having something he had finally admitted to himself that he wanted, was Jack about to pull some kind of Chuck-like shit and—
Although that seemed increasingly unlikely when he got downstairs, Cas’ book in hand, and found his usually unflappable boyfriend huddled on the floor in the middle of what looked like nearly all of his clothes, refusing to even look at him while Gabriel shoved his finger into Dean’s face, eyes bright with fury.
His reality began warping around him. The drone of cicadas celebrating a hot summer day morphed into a silence that reminded him of stepping into a soundproofed room, the insides of his ears feeling…fuzzy at the utter lack of sound. The bright sunlight flipped into stygian darkness, and the air felt cool and faintly misty against his skin, like he was standing in front of a humidifier.
“How can you be so sure?” God, Dean hated the ache in Cas’ voice. Cas was usually the positive one, all hopeful and upbeat and ready to take on the world. He should never sound so uncertain, and Dean knew it would take a long time to forgive himself for being the one to make Cas sound like that.
“Maybe,” Cas whispered, memories trickling in that betrayed his instinctive denial that Dean could be capable of something like that. He rubbed roughly at his face, surprised to find his cheeks dry. His heart wasn’t so much beating as throbbing uneasily in his chest, coils of betrayal tightening around his guts.
“He, uh… He made a deal, he said, with the Empty after the thing with Jack? But it didn’t—It said it would only take him when he was at his happiest, ‘cause it’s a giant bag of dicks like that.”
He knew the drill by now, how to avoid letting his mind drift in the rapids where it might catch on a thought or a memory that would drag it down and trap it under rushing waves, drowning him with every single thing he didn’t want to think about.
Phone in hand, Sam strode off a few steps. Dean knew what he was doing but didn’t try to stop him. It was the same thing Dean had been doing for the last few lonely hours on the road; calling every number in his contacts over and over and over again, hoping that someone might miraculously answer.
That familiar call to duty was what finally got him to his feet, joints popping and clicking in protest. Sitting on cold concrete for who knew how long hadn’t done his battered forty-
Wrong-footed by Dean’s one-eighty that seemingly came in from left field after Sam’s Hail Mary attempt at getting through to him, Sam fumbled for an answer and couldn’t find one that didn’t involve an enormous sigh of relief. He finally settled instead on a decisive nod and a pointed twist of the faucet.
, Cas wouldn’t dump him for being such a fucking coward. Maybe he could end this day like he had ended most of his previous ones, tucked into one of their beds with Cas across from him, playing rock paper scissors for who got to be the little spoon (although Dean was pretty sure Cas let him win most of the time because being the little spoon was secretly his favourite).
They had both lost so much over the years; every dream they had ever dreamt, virtually every person they had ever cared about. They should be immune to feeling
Still twitchy, Dean looked down at Cas who, while sprawled a bit awkwardly on the grass, was at least breathing easier; his lips were no longer blue.
it all.” He turned away to look at Cas, his expression fond. “But I can feel it. It’s…nascent, still fragile, but it’s there, and so bright it almost hurts to look at it. Do you understand now?”
By the time Sam finished getting Dean cleaned up and into bed, he was already out. But unlike most nights, when sleep would soften the tense lines of Dean’s face, they just seemed deeper, etched in like they might never ease again.
Steady hands took the mug from his shaking fingers. It was Jack, Dean noted dazedly, crouched in front of him, eyes shiny as he set the cup aside and lightly touched Dean’s shoulder over where the scar of Cas’ handprint had been, where his bloody handprint still marked Dean’s jacket back in his room.
“I was thinking that’s something I’d like to try to do again,” he said, adding salad to his own plate. Glowering at Sam’s heavy hand with the offending greens, Dean shook the bottle of ranch dressing and gave them a good dousing all the while keeping his brows raised challengingly at Sam, sitting on the other side of the table.
After Dean had demolished two helpings to Gabriel’s three and Cas’ one, Dean insisted on helping to clean up. It felt a bit surreal, how quickly they had established a routine, Dean taking up his post at the sink to do the dishes in deference to Cas having cooked, Gabe scooting off to the living room to ostensibly “set up”, which really just involved him getting comfortable in his preferred spot and waiting for the others to join him.
The girl nodded and walked back to the first floor with them. “Alright. Well then, I wish you luck in your search.”
As he made his way towards the snacks, he bumped into someone right next to him. As he quickly turned to apologize, he saw a pretty girl with dark hair and a kind smile.
“Ya bitch is here with breakfast!” Gabriel yelled when Cas opened the door for him at 7:16 that morning. Cas held back a laugh as Gabriel practically ran into the dorm room with a bag of donuts in hand, stumbling a little from the sheer force of the speed he was going. Gabriel, once steady, placed the box on the table and opened it, waving to the selection of donuts. “Alright, pick your poison.”
The boy suddenly placed the box he was holding on the second bed, and the second boy also dropped his box. They walked out to go get more boxes, and Dean saw this as an opportunity to go out and buy himself some actual breakfast with the money Bobby had given him for food.
Sam nodded and grabbed a paintbrush and some paint bottles, not bothering to look at the labels. Dean also grabbed a paintbrush and a few bottles of paint, also not looking at the labels. Sam quickly realized this mistake, but thankfully neither Dean nor Charlie seemed to notice that he had grabbed the correct colors without even glancing at the labels.
Dean eased the car out of the driveway, and once he rolled back onto the road, he drove off towards the school, leaving the house behind.
Other than the TV, there wasn't much noise. It seemed as though anyone who was in the house were in their rooms, not making much noise.
"I'm majoring in Creative Writing, so my first class is creative nonfiction." Cas replied, glancing at his schedule. "What about you?"
Anna then slapped her hands together and laughed. “And we siblings can be the soulmate hunting team! I’d be glad to help my big bro and little bro find their soulmates!”
Dean shook his head and grabbed his wallet, looking at the money that Bobby had given him for his December allowance. Bobby gave him $1000 a month, way more than Dean wanted. However, whenever Dean tried to fight Bobby on this, Bobby would insist that Dean needed that money, that he made enough to give Dean that much and that he would not take it back.
The sound of waffles actually perked Dean up, so he shooed Sam out of his room so he could finish getting dressed. He tugged on a gray Star Wars shirt, a red flannel and a pair of jeans, patted his hair down, then headed downstairs.
Cas rolled his eyes and let out a sigh towards his twin. “Do you even remember the face of the guy that made out with me?”
Sam’s next class was French 1, and he didn't know anyone in the class, but he liked it regardless. The teacher, Mr. Anthony, had the same first name as him, which he found interesting. The teacher was also actually French, having been born and raised in France. Given that, he knew a lot about France and its culture, and was happy to tell the class about it.
Humans were always intriguing to watch, a fact he had reached after years of living amongst them. They were complicated things, varying in their motivations, goals and actions. Emotions were another thing entirely. Even after spending time as a human himself and becoming a father, Castiel still found emotions a difficult thing to grasp. They were perplexing, difficult to recognize or wrap his head around.
The rest of lunch was pretty uneventful- though then again, there wasn’t much that could compare to finding one's soulmate in a lunch line.
Cas could tell Dean didn't want to talk much more, so Cas stayed silent, then struck up a conversation about something else, and the two talked happily.
When Sam nodded, her lips curved into an even bigger and somehow even shyer smile. “Thanks. People tend to think I’m bragging.”
Bobby just nodded his head as Dean grabbed the bottle of aspirin from his hand. “You’re welcome, Dean.”
Gabriel and Balthazar, however, both went upstairs, wondering where Lucifer even was. Turns out, he was in his room- as they discovered when they swung his door open.
Dean smiled at the simple text, stowing his phone away as he waited for a waitress so that he could pay for his food.
Sam had been placed next to a kid named Andy, whom he had noticed on the first day, sitting in the back corner. When he sat down next to Andy, Andy didn't say anything.
Dean woke up the following Monday at 7 in the morning exactly, from his roommates alarm. Dean groaned as Castiel turned the alarm clock off.
"Poptarts again?" Dean remarked as he walked out of the bathroom, only to see Cas munching on a strawberry poptart, a common breakfast for him.
Jess just gave a small smile, and the bell rang just seconds later. She kindly bid him farewell and took off, as he himself also went to his next class.
Gabriel sighed and nodded. “Alright. But make sure to add ‘High’ by Sir Sly. It’s a good song, good for dancing to.”
“Okay, I say this with no offense, but you’re dressed like a lesbian.” She laughed, taking a moment to scan the flannel he was wearing. “What color is it?”
"Is the food okay?" Cas asked, tilting his head. Dean nodded, making a noise of delight as he wolfed down his burger. Cas smiled and took a bite of his own burger, which was, to him, mediocre at best. Cas didn't like his own burgers.
Still, the world had gone on. Leaves slowly turned to delicate shades of brown, orange and gold outside, crumpling softly into small piles on the ground. The air had begun to chill ever so slightly, with delicate gusts of wind blowing through every few days or so. Cas had been slightly amused to see Halloween decorations already littering store fronts and houses. He wasn’t sure what to think of the holiday, but it seemed to be a happy thing, so he didn’t so much mind it.
“Bobby Singer, pleasure.” Bobby took the woman’s hand and shook it politely. “I won't be doin’ much if you need to get ahold of me later on. The boys shouldn't cause too much trouble.”
Cas ended up sitting down next to Jack, who was near the end of season 2 of his show. Samandriel caught interest and sat down on the couch as well, watching the TV eagerly.
Dean’s alarm went off at exactly 8am in the morning the very next day. Dean, who had fallen asleep at 3 in the morning, groggily turned his alarm off before sitting up on the bed Bobby had let him sleep in. Dean stood up and began looking through the tiny amount of clothes he owned. He soon decided on a leather jacket, green jacket and black shirt, along with a pair of jeans. He patted down his hair, which was resembling that of a hedgehogs hair, and glanced at himself in the mirror. Other than his hair attempting to rebel against him, he looked just fine. Dean sighed and walked out into the kitchen, only to see no one but himself was awake yet. Dean grabbed a chocolate muffin to munch on before he began grabbing all of his stuff. Dean then suddenly realized he needed to take a shower, and he grabbed a towel out of the laundry room before he walked into one of the three bathrooms.
The mall was fairly crowded for a tuesday, Dean thought. Cars littered the parking lot, so many of them that it was actually challenging to find a place to park.
Andy arched a brow, obviously skeptical, but shrugged his shoulders. “You seem a little bit more than just ‘off’, dude. I’m serious, are you okay? Did something happen?”
"We're gonna live here?" Asked Sam incredulously, staring at the house in awe as he stepped out of the car.
As he started the ninth episode, Dean had to look off at the kitchen as to avoid staring at Cas. Dean didn't seem to fall easily, but when he did, he fell hard. And he was trying valiantly to convince himself that he wasn't falling for Cas, but he was failing tremendously.
The morning of November 21st started out normal for Dean, at least until he saw Cas, still asleep, trembling underneath his covers. Dean tore the sheets off of Cas and shook him awake.
His loyalty to the brothers had only increased over the years. Now the very emotions he always pondered over had found a heart with the two men, specifically with the shorter, freckled man- Dean.
“Thank you.” Dean spoke before walking out with his schedule. He got back into his car and dialed his father figure, Bobby, who was living in the town Dean was staying in.
When he stepped into the hot water, it was as though anything bad he was thinking off washed away in the water. The hot water was comforting and warm against his bare skin, and he sighed in content at how warm the water was. He washed his hair and the rest of himself, and got out of the shower a few minutes after he was done washing, as the water was just too comforting to step out of. Alas, he had to actually do stuff today, so he turned the water off and stepped out into the bathroom. The icy cold air nipped at his skin, but he quickly dried himself off with a towel, which made the cold air just a little more bearable. He then got redressed in the clothes he had originally put on, and finally opened the bathroom door.
"Alright, let's go in half an hour." Cas suggested, making his way to the bathroom. "I'm gonna change, you should too. My first class is at noon so we gotta be back by then."
Cas finished his omelette first, and his fork fell to his plate with a clatter. "That was amazing!" He exclaimed, standing up to put his plate in the sink.
“Lucifer Novak’s party.” Charlie cocked her head, taking a quick glance at a table near the corner window, “He always throws a party every year at the beginning of school. And every year, the entire school is invited. It's a pretty big deal.”
Eventually, Charlie made her way to the table, setting her plate down before glancing at the stares greeting her.
“They were alright. My geometry teacher is fine, my law studies teacher is british, I believe. Oh, my french one teacher is also named Sam, and my culinary teacher was pretty nice. She just handed out cookies to everyone in the class and introduced herself.” Sam took the brownie out of his lunchbox and handed it to Dean. “No colors yet, though.”
“Oh, and I’d add Apple Bottom Jeans. That is always a crowd pleaser. And Back In Black, if it isn’t in there alread- oh, you do have it! Nevermind then.”
After leaving his dorm, Dean reached his 8 am class pretty quickly. It was mostly because he decided to speedwalk to his classroom, given how far it was from the dorms. Dean might’ve hated running, but he was the type who easily excelled at athletics. He tended to be the fastest runner in all of his gym classes, something he actually prided himself on.
“Mornin’ son.” Bobby spoke as Sam walked into the kitchen, a smile still on his face. Bobby turned and faced Sam, placing a plate of french toast in front of him. “Fixed breakfast for you and Dean. He up yet?”
His ass hit the cushions so hard he bounced, but who fucking cared because Cas had yanked him back down, was still holding onto his arm with a grip that might actually leave a bruise. Dean ignored the part of him whose interest flared a little at getting manhandled like that, looking instead at Cas’ wide eyes, the way his head was cocked a little to one side like he was puzzling something out.
After his third cup of coffee, he desperately wanted to switch to bourbon, but he had to go to work. If Bobby smelled booze on him he’d probably “accidentally” drop a car on him just to make a point.
“I’m…not sure what you mean.” Thankfully he managed to keep himself from tacking on a ‘man’ or ‘buddy’ there at the end; he really was his own worst enemy sometimes. He’d even called Cas ‘bro’ one time, much to Gabriel’s horrified amusement.
The loss of Dean’s fingers against his wrist as he sat back in the chair next to the bed was disappointing, but the grim expression that took over Dean’s face was worse.
Still, he had a job to do, and he wouldn’t be much help to Sam if he fell asleep halfway to Hastings and wrapped the Impala around a telephone pole.
Sam settled down on the other side of the steps with his own cup, cradling it between his palms instead of drinking.
Flushing a little (god, he hoped the ruddy glow cast by the fire didn’t show it), Dean made a show of wobbling his head around in a
The empty wardrobe in the bedroom had just been waiting for Cas to decide what he wanted before it filled up with casual pants and dark jeans, interspersed with neatly pressed t-shirts (some of them Dean's) and a variety of hoodies.
Castiel cocked his head to the side as he considered the offer. “...if you’re sure I wouldn’t be imposing?” he said finally.
On the first day of June, Dean woke up—not that what he’d been doing could really be called sleeping—and sat for a long time with his head in his hands. He had specifically made sure to spend the last few nights with Cas so his feeble excuse about wanting to grab a night to himself didn’t ring too false.
“I didn’t say it because I needed to hear it back. It was,” he huffed a little laugh “wonderful to actually say it, though. But I had just hoped that it might bring you some comfort to know that you were loved by someone who had seen you, someone who knew the very best and the very worst of you, and loved you anyway.”
Daphne opened the door when they arrived. “You’re back early,” she told Castiel, not taking her eyes off Dean.
Castiel slams the door closed. Makes sure he locks the door as loud as he can, heart beating hard in his chest.
Without turning to see if Dean had listened, Castiel snarled a challenge at the hunting pack, eyes burning. The two to his right turned to sprint towards the house, after Dean, and the other three headed for Castiel.
“Who is giving you your orders?” Castiel growled, voice deep with intent. Dean picked up his keys off the ground and uncuffed himself with ease, heading towards them. Castiel finally noticed him as he neared, but didn’t let up on Gordon.
Castiel and Charlie were still watching him apprehensively, like they thought Dean would explode in their faces, and it just made Dean’s head throb worse. “You know what? I’m not dealing with this shit right now,” he told them, arms crossed. This day just needed to end right now before anything else could happen.
“I was curious as to why you were in the hydroponics room instead of your bunk at such an hour. Is your bed not satisfactory?”
He got everything out, ready to start cooking, when his phone buzzed against the table. He ignored it until it buzzed again, signaling a call instead of a text. Benny’s name flashed on the screen as Dean picked it up, so he pressed call and held it to his ear as he turned back around.
It was a Wednesday, which meant he went first to Class Relations. The professor arrived late again, by only five minutes this time, disheveled in a way that seemed to be usual. He set up the projector while talking to the class. “Okie dokie, I ended last class on the old Hierarchy, so let’s talk about the remaining parts of it in today’s world.” Castiel looked down and tapped his pen against his opened notebook as the professor continued talking. He knew these topics well already. “Any Forest Preserves you might know of, especially the larger ones in the north of the country, are all the property of the old Hierarchy, who are completely separate, both politically and – and-“ the professor trailed off into silence in the middle of his sentence, prompting Castiel to glance up.
