Castiel's hand soon reached inside of his boxers, taking out his
They turned back to look at me, Mom raising her eyebrows expectantly, a silent question in her eyes. I nodded, giving her a silent, 'Go ahead, he can move in,' and she smiled, relieved. I'd never stand in the way of Mom's happiness and apparently this Dean really did make her happy. I certainly wouldn't screw it up for her just because I got a strange vibe from him...
"Yeah... Yeah, you might be right," Dean agreed hesitantly, still sounding a little doubtful, but determined to go through with it. Sam felt his heart swell with pride for his bigger brother.
"The black one?" he asked and Castiel nodded. Dean did.
, Sammy," he said, nervous anticipation still in his voice.
"Here," he offers and holds out the opened box to me. I take one of the pills carefully. Dean gets one himself, closes the box and throws it to the ground carelessly, eyeing me up in challenge and cocking an eyebrow. He's waiting for me to swallow.
"Dean!" I gasped, showing him that I was ready and desperate to take his cock. He leaned down to kiss me.
"It's gonna be pretty cool," Cas mumbled and yawned, stretching himself. I couldn't help but smile at him because he weirdly resembled a cat when he did that.
"I thought he was you," Dean said silently.
Dean with his arms tied to the headboard, legs spread on the covers, leaking from his freshly-fucked hole.
He was awkward like that.
Alastair's words slur in my brain when anger suddenly clouds my thoughts. The guy who has bullied me for
"You'll see. Now stop bothering me and go upstairs, I'm sure you have work to do. Or not. I don't even care," Dean was waved off and since he knew that arguing would do more harm than good, he disappeared towards the elevator.
"Eager, aren't we?" he growled in obvious arousal and I nodded without hesitation, breathing heavily. I couldn't think about anything but Dean.
The dinner was over almost as soon as it had begun, leaving Dean and Cas tired after the long drive, and Cas ended up sleeping in Dean's room with him -- Mom had probably laid out a mattress for him before. I didn't actually know.
"That's...?" I asked, ignoring Dean because this was more important. How could it be that Cas was engaged? Who would he even marry? Did he even talk to anyone besides Dean and me?
The first time he rapes me I cry.
he thought, realizing that once again he'd forgotten it at home.
"How many do we have now?" the man sitting in the too-big-for-him leather chair asked in a bored voice while plucking at the wooden desk with his fingernails. The sound it made felt weird on his assistant's skin.
And he did exactly that.
"Cas," Dean slurred when Castiel pressed him against the door, locking lips with the beautiful, only half-conscious man in his company. God, he was gonna have
?" Dean started whisper-yelling once they were out of Cas's sight and Sam let out an annoyed, 'Ow!' when Dean seemingly punched his arm. "You
Without further ado, he grabbed the chair and ripped off one of its legs with superhuman strength. Yeah, sometimes being a robot had its perks.
"We, uh... we actually kinda are the same person," he explained slowly, holding Dean's gaze. "This is... a parallel universe, more or less."
They left a few minutes later. Jimmy egoistically decided that burgers were the perfect distraction from just about anything and Castiel grudgingly agreed. There was nothing a good burger couldn't fix.
It was heaven on earth and the moan that left Dean's mouth was other-worldly. "Holy fucking shit," he cursed, bucking up into the heat and holding on to Castiel for dear life. Nothing he had ever felt compared to this. Nothing had ever felt this amazing.
of people!" Castiel exclaimed and tugged on his tie nervously. It was cutting off his airways. Dean instinctively reached out and fixed it for him.
"Do you know what kind of factory hall?" Sam inquired.
"Not really what I was going for, Charlie."
"Sammy, we went to a
Cas didn't notice.
that one of our robots is missing?" he gave in when he realized Inias didn't plan on humoring him. At that, Inias looked away uncomfortably.
"I feel bad when you just sit around like that," Dean started and Cas looked up at him in surprise. "This should keep you occupied for a few hours at least," he explained and was about to turn away when Cas laid a hand on his arm to stop him.
Over the course of the year, Castiel makes friends with a quirky redhead named Charlie and the demon that is Meg. Dean only knows this because despite intentionally avoiding Castiel, the boy is always in his periphery, and Dean can't help but notice these things. He also doesn't have much else to do, between him not having any friends and being bored all the time. Not that he is complaining. He could have friends if he wanted to. At least that's what he tells himself.
"Come on," he'd said, standing up with a smirk, and Cas had followed curiously. "I'm gonna teach you about Baby," he'd announced, leaving Cas wondering about who exactly Baby was supposed to be.
Dean nodded and smirked stupidly, a little spaced out, but Castiel knew that was his own fault. "Let's go," Castiel said and grabbed Dean's hand, pulling him with him. Dean followed willingly.
But man, what was blue-eye's name again? Dean had known it once, they'd had a class together last year, he believed. He was pretty sure it was something with a 'C'. Casper? Castille? Something like that, he was sure. He'd probably remember if he wasn't as drunk.
"I will." And glancing down at the paper in his hand one more time, Dean smiled to himself and turned away to leave. "I'll see you later then?" He glanced back one more time.
"Alright, so what do we know so far? Firstly, we have Cas and a few thousand more robots that look like persons. What else would they be meant for than to replace the original? That's something we can be pretty sure of. Secondly, Cas had a tracking device and signal receiver inside of him and I'm betting the others do, too. They're obviously in charge of the robots and who knows what they're gonna do with them. Therefore, world domination!" Dean explained, ignoring Sam's rolled eyes and his sarcastically muttered, "Duh."
"Mom mostly. Bobby, too. I'm not sure they still love me," I admitted and immediately I realized how stupid that sounded. I flinched when Benny fixed me with an unbelieving look.
I hesitate. What can I do to make him suffer? What can I do so this man gets what he deserves? Dean has the answer.
Simply ignoring his texts was easy, even though it hurt and had me conflicted, over thinking my decision again and again, but once I'd turned off my phone and given it to Castiel, I started feeling better. I couldn't lose Castiel over a stupid thing like this, I needed him more than I needed Benny. And if it was the only way of being with him, I'd be glad to leave Benny behind.
"You stay here until we're back," the second one said. "We're gonna talk to Metatron first and get you right after."
Starting that day, I saw Castiel almost daily. It was mostly coincidence, pretty much every time I came back from school or work. He was always in front of his flat, just about to open or close the door, when I arrived. Sometimes he had grocery bags with him, another time he was about to leave for the laundry room. No matter what he did though, I somehow managed to see him every single day.
invention at the day of the public demonstration.
When he passed her, he threw her a distracted smile, lost in thought, when he suddenly remembered something. He stopped in his tracks.
"Hell yeah, something happened," she said bitterly. "Someone died, actually. But you wouldn't know because you haven't been here," she said and Dean's eyes widened in shock.
"Not with that face and body," he decides and I flush again, looking away.
"I'm Castiel," he introduced himself, setting down his drink on the small table in front of them and held out his hand for the man to shake.
"Listen, Miss, I'm truly sorry, but this has
It happened again after that. They saw Castiel enter the classroom seconds before Dean did and listened to him talking about 'that mouth made of gold.'
"My thoughts exactly," Dean continued. "I had it all figured out but that was the one thing that just didn't make sense. Until I saw this," Dean announced, beckoning Cas to come closer, which he did, letting Dean touch him to show Sam what they found. Gently, Dean pulled away Cas's hair, exposing the plug on his scalp.
It wasn't until Friday that the argument started all over again.
"S-Sorry," I whisper, face red, but Cas doesn't seem too bothered and simply continues soothing the bite with his tongue, sliding his fingers under my shirt inconspicuously.
about me, was he? He'd gotten what he wanted after all.
"The hospital." He laughed. "See, of course the hospital had to play a role in all this. It's where Cas was sent to, so
Most of all though, Castiel loved having control in the bedroom. I quickly learned to follow his orders and stay still unless he told me differently. Punishments included not letting me come and spanking, which I was not a big fan of. I deserved it though, sometimes.
It was the sixth or seventh time they hung out together when Dean wanted to try bottoming the first time. Castiel promised to be careful and promptly gave Dean the orgasm of a lifetime. Half an hour later they did it again.
"Yeah, okay, sure. Let's watch that movie," Castiel agreed. Maybe Dean was simply nervous about them fucking again. They'd both been pretty drunk last time after all. Maybe Dean simply needed to get up the courage before jumping right in.
The invention was all he had and it wasn't even working properly.
The three of them stopped in front an inconspicuous door at the end of a hallway. Jerks one and two looked at each other and then at him, seemingly discussing something with their gazes. Then they made him turn around and opened his cover. Cas fake-froze again.
"It means
"The very same, hot stuff," he responded, smirking.
It was Dean who continued.
"That's right, baby, that's my boy," Dean muttered above me, relentlessly fucking into me, and I shuddered exhaustedly. I wanted to come; I
Not everything was perfect though.
Okay. So what? Dean cocked an eyebrow in annoyance.
loves you?"
A few seconds later, the door was opened and a smirking Dean stood in front of him. When his gaze fell on the massage table under Castiel's arm, his smile faltered slightly.
Silence.
"Kid. Singular," Jimmy corrected him. "But, yeah. Wife and daughter. Met Amelia in high school and haven't been with anyone else since." He smiled a little at the memory. "And my daughter Claire's ten now. She's wonderful. If you're hanging around, you could meet them, maybe. We could say you're my long-lost twin." He cracked a smile at that and Castiel couldn't help but smile back.
Wouldn't it be better to make Castiel break it off with Dean? It wasn't like it was gonna be hard – Dean had a lot of poor qualities. He was obnoxious and annoying (according to his brother), he was over 40 (then again, so was Cas, so that probably didn't count), and he was a lowly, widowed mechanic who was raising an eight-year-old kid on his own. He was, like, a consolation prize among men, and Castiel would see that, too. So, no worries at all, right? Right.
"Why would I leave?" I mutter and the moment I say the words I know they are true. "I don't ever want to leave you, Dean."
"Yes, I very much am," Castiel said, and a tentative smile appeared on his face. "If you tell me your number, I assure you I'll remember it."
"Oh," Castiel said and paused, trying to understand what the hell was actually going on. Dean didn't care about people knowing he was fucking a guy? He'd just thought that Castiel wasn't into PDA?
"Cas?" he asked, surprise in his voice, and the dark figure halted its movement.
It was awfully quiet in the room before... "Hell yes," Castiel shouted and fell to his knees as well to pull Dean in for a passionate kiss. Awkward coughing and tentative cheering eventually pulled them out of their stupor.
at Dean without getting flustered. It was embarrassing...
Deep inside we were broken though. Deep inside we were scared.
, she was good," Dean told his friends one day when he entered the classroom, hair a barely fixed mess on his head, face still flushed. Everyone knew he wasn't lying. And why would he? Dean Winchester had no reason to.
"Call them," he then demanded and only got a confused frown in return. "The guys who are getting the robot, call them
And naturally, because Castiel was Castiel, he had a breakdown at about midnight. It was all too frustrating, the situation impossible, and it proved to simply be too much for him. So, crouching down behind the console, he started sobbing his freaking
I ignored all the signs that this was creepy and wrong, and forced myself to calm down instead. Maybe Castiel was simply attentive, and he'd heard me talking to somebody in the hallway. Or he'd talked to Mom and she'd mentioned it to him. I didn't know. But there was probably a really simple reason for it all.
Dean sat down -Castiel would clean the chair from the cum stains once Dean was gone- and stared at the cup of coffee with a blank look. He glanced up. "You didn't roofie this, too, did you?" he asked and even though his tone was serious, Castiel could see the sparkle of mirth in his eyes.
clumsy. It was nothing new for him to show up at work with various injuries and every time you'd ask him what had happened, the story was even more ridiculous. Usually, it wasn't as bad as two broken legs though, so he always managed to come by Castiel's laboratory when he had to.
"Shut up," I mumble again. Okay, yes, I do have a small (read:
"Hello Dean," Castiel greeted back, unsure about what to expect.
He opened the bottle and squeezed some of its content onto his hand, covering his fingers with a generous layer. Then his fingers were at my hole, massaging the ring of muscles slightly without actually pressing inside.
"Sure thing, Clarence," she finally said and winked at him. Castiel only fixed her with an annoyed glare.
"No," Inias answered coldly. "It doesn't appear so."
"What guy?" I hissed, trying to control the burning sensation, and turned on the water quickly to cool my hurting pinky. Why did this always happen to me?
And Dean took him by his word.
"Not hungry," I said when he raised his eyebrows, and he dug in without hesitation.
"God fucking damn it, Dean," Castiel cursed breathlessly, right before he clamped up and came untouched all over Dean's stomach. Dean didn't even notice the sticky feeling on his skin, since he was coming as well, emptying his load into the other boy. Riding out his orgasm lazily, he eventually slipped out of Castiel's body, dick soft.
!" he exclaimed. "Why would you even think that?"
"Hey," he answered and the look he gave me sent shivers down my spine. It was only for the fraction of a second but his gaze was more than just intense, lust evident in his gaze. As quickly as I saw it, it was gone though.
John handed him the microphone.
"Exactly," he agreed and his gaze lingered on Cas's face for a little longer than what would be considered normal, before he turned back to the TV himself. Even though he knew the episode, he didn't want to miss what he knew was gonna happen.
When in the bathroom, Dean steps into the shower with me, helping me cleaning the parts of my body I can't reach and I do the same for him. I know I should not feel this domestic with a serial killer and kidnapper but after such a long time without human contact, I don't have the strength to pretend I don't like it.
"They're great," he announced and took another bite. It was just as good as the first one. He decided right there and then that pancakes were a creation of God.
So, logically, I started taking comfort in Dean's presence... I started sitting closer to him while eating, I started asking about things and replying to most of his questions, too. If I'd been able to, I would have probably crawled over to him and touched him, seeking human contact, but I was still too scared I'd make him want to fuck me that way.
"That's awesome, man," Dean said and again, Castiel was slightly overwhelmed by the fact that this gorgeous man truly admired him for his work. How did he deserve this? He surely didn't. "What's the other thing?"
, his mind screamed at him.
"And Balthazar won't do that to me tomorrow, but because we're not dating at the moment, or
I decided on simple mac and cheese since we didn't have all that much at home. Castiel had been right, we really did barely scrape by. I wondered if he'd been right with his other claims as well...
his cock.
The tips of his ears growing hot, Castiel blushed and stared some more, not a single word leaving his lips.
At that, Sam's eyebrows raised again and he looked at Cas contemplatingly. Then, he nodded to himself, obviously having come to a decision.
His screams echo across the room.
"Hey," I said.
"May I ask what happened, Dean?" Castiel asks again, and Dean instinctively knows that this is the last time he'll mention it. If he ignores him now, Castiel will drop it forever.
"A whole week?" I asked, slightly worried because I was gonna have to spend so much time alone with Dean. Completely alone, no Mom in the room next to us.
second, we'd already be finding out things about him."
"We might even get a promotion, dude!" number two said excitedly.
"Of course. Still do. You
The door is open, I think to myself. I can leave. I am completely free to do whatever I want.
I add hurtful wounds in places I know are gonna hurt, I cut off two more fingers, I cut off one of his nipples -- that last one having the worst reaction until now. I am proud and continue.
to go in there and she tried to stop him, but I'm betting my ass that's not true. Novak's too smart for that and Amara's too much of a beast." Meg took a short break to collect herself then. "Thing is, she had her brother with her -Chuck, you know him?- and he backs up everything she says. And she wiped away the fingerprints on the button. That's why your dad can't really blame anything on her yet and he can't fire her either. It's pointless," she decided and stopped shortly. "But I'm sure he'll find a way to get rid of her. Poor Castiel though," she then said quietly and the sincerity in her voice made Dean's heart crumble. "I heard his screams down here."
I'm as good as dead.
"Mechanic," Dean replied, taking a sip of his new beer. "So, I guess you're real good with numbers, huh? I always sucked at Math."
. He was probably one of the shiest persons to walk this Earth and totally not cut out to talk to strangers and help them with their requests. Oh, and of course he didn't know how to deal with all the unwarranted complaints.
I don't have the patience to torture him much longer. I don't have the nerve to listen to his desperate pleadings to 'Stop, stop, stop!' and I certainly don't want to hear his apologies. They're not genuine anyhow.
"Feelin' good yet?" Dean asks, tongue obviously starting to feel heavy, and not even a second later, he's pressing me into the mattress, attacking my mouth hungrily. The pills make horny, I realize, they make horny and happy and insane.
"I don't know, it was not my fault," he said slowly, sounding pissed, and Metatron rubbed his temples with two fingers. He could already feel the headache coming...
"What the hell?" he asked nobody in particular and frowned in confusion. His fingers found the cold thing again and pushed away Cas's short strands of hair to get a better look at whatever it was.
"Hey, what are you doing?" a voice sounded from behind him and Cas turned around to look at its source. It was another man, obviously human, with a clipboard in his hands.
Benny's party was huge. Not that Benny's parties usually weren't rather large, but this one was just... huge. Dean wasn't sure whether he had ever seen so many people in one place.
In an attempt to save what was left to save, he muttered, "That doesn't mean all love hurts though. Love can be amazing if you let it be." He didn't know what even made him say it -he wasn't usually the emotional type of guy-, but it seemed like the obvious thing to do when Cas was having that forlorn expression on his face.
that made Cas's heartbeat fasten that much, sent a pleasant shiver down Dean's spine, and a desperate wave of want made his own breathing stutter.
His hand froze halfway to the book, getting stuck in the air as if his arm was made of stone, and no matter how hard Cas tried, he couldn't move it one inch. Not forwards
They met up that next day, had amazing dinner and then fucked like rabbits on the kitchen table. Then they met up another few days later for another movie and fucked in Castiel's bed and then in his shower. The next time it was the couch and the floor and then they had a shower together without any sexy times. Their arrangement kept going for a couple of weeks and Castiel soon realized that he had never been so into another person.
"Oh, um... Beer, please," Castiel said, and Dean quickly waved Ellen over to place their order.
I reach for the knife on the table. Alastair blanches.
Sam hummed in agreement. "Speaking of disconcerting things," he then said. "There's one more thing we saw when we opened you up and it's some kind of tracking device slash signal receiver. I'm not one hundred percent sure but I'd say it's probably used for remote controlling or something, meaning, there might be someone who's controlling you -- or could
"I'm not," Dean replied out of reflex and Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. "I mean... I might be ... bi or something. Apparently," he admitted.
"Yeah, let's start."
When they left the building, Castiel stopped a few feet from the car. "I don't really want this night to end yet," he admitted, looking up at Dean through his eyelashes. "Would you like to go for a walk before leaving?"
I never seemed to be able to think when it came to Castiel.
, Castiel; I wanna see something revolutionary! Something like human teleportation."
"Ew, okay, that is
"Nothing at all, buddy. Just fancy is all."
"Who've you been talking to, man? That's
"Uh," Dean replied smartly, but caught himself quickly. He flashed a quick smile. "Yeah, sure. Awesome."
"A movie?" Castiel asked.
"Oh. Well, I'm a tax accountant," Castiel said. "What about you?"
"Yeah, sure," he answered instead, scoffing a little. "He's right in front of the hospital. He got hit by an
. Thank God, he would only be here for a few days until Gabriel was back...
Castiel thought. Or so Dean believed.
"Alright," Castiel starts and his eyebrows lower dangerously when he comes to stand in front of him. "Here's what I think. I'm assuming you just found out I'm gay, just like everyone else at this school. But let me tell you, if you're following me around for an opportunity to beat me up, I suggest you back the hell off, 'cause I know how to throw a punch," he says darkly, a glint in his eyes that Dean can't help but feel intimidated by. He hasn't done anything wrong, Dean knows, but Castiel is fucking scary like this.
anything," I grumbled and ignored him, then I held out my hand to Cas. I smiled at him, friendly, trying to calm him down slightly. He looked like a deer in headlights after all.
made Novak try out his teleporter on himself. Needless to say, it didn't work," she said dryly. Dean's vision blurred all of a sudden and he had to lean on the counter to stay upright. Cas was dead.
The following Monday, Castiel went to school like every other day. Yes, he'd fucked Dean Winchester, ladies' man extraordinaire and straightest guy to walk the earth, but he had fucked enough straight guys in his short life to know that Dean would never say a word to him about it. Too embarrassed and scared of the repercussions, he would keep it to himself and leave Castiel alone just like they always did.
"You'd be a
All of a sudden, the front door opens and I look up curiously, expecting Dean to be back but instead meeting the gaze of somebody else.
after all -- no offense.
"Or some kind of clone...?" he tried. "Either way, it doesn't sound all that reassuring," he muttered uneasily.
?" he exclaimed and a relieved smile broke out on his face. His hands found Castiel's cheeks instinctively. "God, Cas, I found you, I really did, I'm so glad," he said, not really believing it himself, and whether it was the dizziness from being unconscious or whether he was simply being emotional, he pulled Castiel down swiftly and pressed his lips against his passionately.
. The teleporter simply isn't
"Dude, he can't even hear you," the first one retorted. "Are you dumb?"
Castiel pulled my chair towards him and tangled our legs together, bringing us even closer. Fuck, I was kissing a guy that was twenty years older than me and I fucking
Also, for some weird reason, she'd kept sending him angry glances lately.
Benny scoffed. "Dean, you're not seriously cutting me off now, are you?" he asked, disbelief and forced humor showing in his voice. "Don't listen to whatever that guy told you about me!"
parties, in general, but what he hated even more than regular parties were the stupid posh parties the company he worked for held regularly. There wasn't much to do other than eat and talk politics, and since Castiel didn't have many friends -or any for that matter-, he was left standing alone most of the time. He was somehow meant to be the pathetic, lonely man standing next to the buffet all evening.
"All done," I whisper into his ear quietly and we don't move for another minute, just reveling in the feeling of each other. It's only when I start feeling stiff that I sit up reluctantly, muttering, "That, uh... That should be enough. He'll probably believe us now..."
Dean turns towards Castiel as well, heart stuttering behind his rips as they both wait for his decision.
"It just... happened, I don't know, we just talk sometimes," I said and if Benny knew I was keeping a secret, he didn't comment on it.
"None of your fucking business," Benny growled and knocked at my door again.
"I dunno, it's nothing," Castiel said, trying again to get to his diary and failing. He couldn't look Dean in the eye.
, so his brother wouldn't feel too guilty. Then he put his phone back into his pocket and waved at Ellen for another beer.
. And he doesn't know where he's from? Yeah, right. That's called
he could have a chance that got her all riled up. Stupid, arrogant prick.
So, like I'd decided, I walked back to Castiel's door the next day after school, hoping he wouldn't be too pissed at me for not showing up yesterday. I'd broken an unspoken rule and I was sure Castiel wouldn't take easy on it.
"18," I answer quietly after I swallowed. Dean is playing nice, I know it, weighing me in safety, only to stab a knife in my back later on.
I pull my hand away as if I burned myself. The door swings open slowly, creaking unnaturally loud, and I stare at it in shock.
"Open up, sweetheart," he orders. My breathing is shallow but I part my lips reluctantly, pretending to be somewhere else, anywhere else. It doesn't help.
else?" he insisted.
And then his hands are all over me. In seconds, I am pushed onto the bed, strong hands pulling on my shirt and shoving it off my body, and then Dean's taking off his own shirt as well. I am slightly overwhelmed by the feeling of skin on skin, taking every touch as if I'm starving. I haven't been touched in days, so it's almost too much all of a sudden. I'm thankful for it though.
In the aisle, standing next to the shelf, there was a tall man with shaggy brown hair, book in hand, who glanced up for a second when Cas walked in. Soon enough he lost interest though and turned his attention back to his book. Cas was thankful for it.
He should probably sit down somewhere comfy and sober the hell up, he thought to himself. He didn't need to end up lying on the floor near the bar - just imagine how that would look.
"Hey Cas," Dean greeted and sat down in the seat in front of him.
What he is, he doesn't know. He looks human, he feels human, but deep inside he knows he isn't. There's something off about him, the way he feels caged inside his body, but he deals with it. He's used to it. It's all he's ever known.
"Of course," he said and cupped my face with his hands, kissing me softly. It was slow and sweet, harmless and without any sexual feelings. It was good to know I wasn't just a plaything to him.
somebody, needed them to be his, and for the first time in his life Castiel was ready to take a risk for that.
Dean thinks but he forces himself to focus on his breathing. He's no use to anyone like this, and he doesn't want to make Castiel witness his freak-out any more than he has to.
"I have to travel to California for a week," Mom told us at dinner one day. Dean had been living with us for almost half a year, sending me lustful glances whenever Mom wasn't in the room, which always left me hot and bothered and jerking off in the shower. He never did more than stare and give me the occasional lingering touch though, thankfully.
some. Have you never had pancakes?" he asked, even though Cas was pretty sure he'd already told him his whole (embarrassingly short) life story -- no pancakes involved.
The sound of electricity filled the room, sparks flew, blue light illuminated everything; then the clipboard appeared on the other side. Castiel picked it up and smiled, relieved. It had worked!
I am just as bloody as Dean is, only now beginning to feel the wounds we've inflicted on each other and hissing from the numb pain. Obviously, the time of pleasure is over and reality is crushing down upon us quickly.
"Cas," Dean then said, leaning his forehead against Castiel's in exhaustion. "I'm so fucking happy right now."
All of a sudden, I'm moving. I leave the room, carefully checking my surroundings, and I follow the voice down the hallway. I stop in front of Dean's torture chamber. Somebody's in there, crying for help... I don't really intend to let them go, but I'm still curious.
"Dean?" Meg's tentative voice pulled him out of his silent suffering. "Are you okay?"
Why does he have to be so stupid anyway? Why can't he be normal like most people, and not have to deal with all of this bullshit? It's not like he ever did anything to deserve this either. All he wants is to live his life without complications, but even that is too much to ask, apparently. Just because cute, dorky, little guys like Castiel keep messing with his head, making him gay and breaking his heart, no matter how unintentional it was.
"I-" Dean starts, not knowing how to explain himself. What is he supposed to say? 'I was protecting you from bullies?' No way.
kill him.
- and blue eyes, the expression on his face seemingly nervous and a little uncomfortable. When he caught my eye, he shifted in Dean's direction slightly and started looking even more uneasy. I immediately felt bad for staring.
"I have a confession to make," Dean said quietly, smiling up at Castiel the whole time.
!" I complained frantically, trying to thrust up into his hand but his grip was made of steel. It was starting to hurt now, too.
Dean presses his eyes shut. Castiel can't see him like this, he can't; he'll know Dean's weak and pathetic and a coward, and Dean can't deal with it, no way. Unfortunately, Castiel is about to know all that anyway since the panic inside of Dean hits him full force once again, even stronger than before, and he can't even try to hide the desperate noises he's making.
When Castiel awoke, Dean was leaning over him with a smirk on his face.
Forcing himself to calm down, he tried to go over the problem rationally.
It's not even two weeks later when Castiel comes out as well. Or rather, is outed, by Meg of all people. According to her, she tried to ask Castiel out, but he told her no because he was gay. Now that sounds like hurt feelings and petty revenge on Meg's part, Dean thought at first - if it wasn't for the fact that she and Castiel are still tight as ever. So, Dean figures, it must be the truth. Not that he really cares.
vegetable soup," Dean moaned behind me, withdrawing his arms slowly. "When will it be ready?" he asked and his hands lingered on my hips for a little longer.
"Fine," Castiel grumbled and picked up the red box still lying on the bottom. "Just great."
"The memory is hazy but ... it was full with people like me. Robots, as you would say. We were not allowed to move, but we would not have been able to anyway if we tried. I assume the covers on our back were kept open."
Castiel caressed my cheek lovingly.
And he didn't let me come the next time either. Or the next.
without the barest hint of a choke. Castiel know that was thanks to the roofies, but he didn't care either way. Dean felt amazing.
"Duh," Dean said, looking at him like he was crazy.
And that was when he saw Dean tense almost imperceptibly.
"Really? I'm so happy for you! Good luck," I exclaimed, knowing that Charlie had had the biggest crush on her for ages. "But if I don't have someone to go with, I won't attend it. Have fun though," I decided. I could always go next year.
A smile spreads on his face.
Nevertheless, I am lonely for the time being. And also a little hungry, I realize. For whatever reason, despite having had a big breakfast, my stomach is growling relentlessly.
"Believe me, it gets more confusing with every episode," Dean commented, perking up visibly. "I can explain it to you, if you want to?" he offered and Cas nodded curiously.
Castiel threw a glance back at Dean. "Dean, if you would be so kind."
'It's a trap,' something in him tells him.
"Why?" the man asked. "What's your business in the control room?" He seemed suspicious.
Castiel didn't react immediately. He looked up at me from his food and eyed me up thoughtfully. Then he said, "He's exploiting you."
I didn't sleep at Castiel's that night, trying to stay true to my promise and stay away from him. It wasn't as easy as Benny had made it seem. I felt unbelievably lonely and missed Castiel horribly, needing his warmth behind me and his loving words to fall asleep. He was like a drug I was addicted to.
Cas's gaze lifts up and he stares at me for a few seconds, before his eyes fall down on our hickeys. Sam didn't even notice them and believed us anyway.
"Is that why you tried to roofie me, even though it was clear to everyone that I was willing to come home with you? Because you preferred me unconscious?" Castiel asked with raised eyebrows and Dean's smirk told him everything he needed to know.
The next day he awoke naked and alone but clean and covered by a blanket in one of Benny's guest bedrooms, the happenings of the night before burned into his brain.
"Yes, Dean?" Castiel replied.
"Would you like to come in?" Castiel's calm voice cut off my words. My heartbeat sped up.
It was obvious who I would decide for. But that didn't change the fact that it hurt like a bitch.
The smile never leaving his face, Cas turns his head away and keeps going.
"They taste amazing, too," Castiel said cheekily and there it was again, that sassy side Dean would never have expected from someone like Castiel but absolutely loved.
wrong.
...I miss them.
They've left him behind. He isn't sure why and whether it happened on purpose or by accident, he just knows that he wants to go home. He doesn't know where home is though.
"Morning, Meg," Dean greeted their secretary when he strolled into the building.
"Of course, Dean," Castiel said and smiled slightly.
Except, "That's fine with me, Dean," Castiel said and squeezed his hands, and he sounded so goddamn honest that Dean didn't know how to react at first, because who the hell just accepted that their date had a kid and went with it, this fast?
Metatron was watching him with a furious look on his face. He already knew what was going on from Inias's half of the conversation.
He forced himself out of bed in the mornings and drove to work, taking the stairs when he arrived instead of the elevator to avoid coincidental meetings with Dean. He stopped sending flowers, knowing Dean wouldn't want them, and buried himself in his work, distracting himself from the rejection he still hadn't fully recovered from.
!" he shouted, not caring that he literally pulled his brother out of his beauty sleep. "
His movements got a little quicker, jerking and squeezing his dick experiencedly, slick pre-come already forming at its head. He was panting by the time it was dropping to the floor, and I couldn't help the moan, my hand cupping my own crotch to relieve some of the pressure. It was obscene watching Castiel do this, but it was so weirdly arousing as well. That man knew exactly what he did to me.
"Then I'll cancel my date with Alfie," Castiel decides, and Dean can't even begin to describe the feelings exploding inside of him at those words. Could it really be this easy? Nothing in his life has ever been this easy, so why would this be the exception?
"Hey, you know what I just heard?" Dean hears Jess whispering to Lisa during class. He doesn't want to listen in, but it's hard not to when he's this bored and the girls are so close.
"Sorry, Sammy, but I'm going with Gilda already," she replied and smiled happily, ruffling my hair.
"Okay, let's do this," Sam suddenly said, announcing that he was back, and opened Cas up without further interruptions. Cas froze once more.
"Your cocksucker mouth can finally do what it's made for," Castiel said breathlessly, and slowly pushed his cock into Dean's slack mouth. Moaning at the feeling of
"I'd prefer the term uneducated. Less dumb, less ass," Castiel commented, hesitant hope slowly seeping back onto his face.
"Uh-uh, not just
"What? How?" How did he possibly explain to her that I stayed the night at my forty-year-old neighbor's apartment?
didn't," Castiel said. "Oh Dean..." he started, but Dean stopped his 'You're nice but we're better as friends' speech in his tracks.
to read it."
you?" the man asked frantically and received a head tilt from Cas in return.
...A teleporting malfunction maybe?
It was quiet once more. Neither averted their eyes and just continued staring at each other, aware of the tension in the air but too captivated by the other's stare to do something against it. It was Dean who eventually made the first move.
"Are you okay, Sam?" Cas asked, concerned, and laid a calming hand on my knee. I gulped slightly, stuttering, "Y-Yeah, of course... Just kinda-- surprised."
What? No!
And he intends to use it.
Slowly, I was beginning to feel drained, my complaining becoming less and less, and I was exhausted beyond belief. After the sixth time he denied me an orgasm, my head dropped forward onto his shoulder, tears burning in my eyes and soaking his shirt. "Please, Cas," I whispered into his shoulder weakly. I was sure I'd die if he refused me one more time.
"Hey, Sammy," he said, sounding uneasy, and Sam's face contorted into an even deeper frown. Dean was behaving weirdly. That didn't sound good at all.
"I'm curious."
"You're mine!" she continued and her voice was venomous. "I will not let him have you!"
"Oh?" I asked, not meeting Benny's eyes. Thankfully, he didn't comment on my weird behavior. "Well, Castiel is... special, I guess," I forced out.
"That was..." Dean started but didn't know how to put it into words. Luckily, Castiel knew exactly what he meant.
At that exact moment, somebody called Dean's name from across the room. They both turned their heads.
I blink in surprise and look up. Dean is still in front of me but he's not touching me, eyes dark and angry. I crumble under his gaze.
That thought sobered Dean up a little. If he was being honest, he had completely forgotten he wasn't here on a real date, as weird as that sounded. And he still hadn't come clean about actually being straight and having a son, but it had been going really well and he hadn't wanted to destroy the nice time they were having. He probably shouldn't keep it from Cas any longer though... That would be unfair to him.
"Oh, you're awake," Castiel -that was his name,
button on this thing?
Ten more minutes passed, luckily without Dean trying to eat more dumpster food, and Castiel almost gave up and considered raiding the third dumpster. It had to be somewhere, right?
"Tell me about your son," Castiel said when they started walking, and shyly took Dean's hand in his. Dean let it happen and held on tight at his suggestion.
Castiel smiled, "Thank you, Dean." And once again he was on cloud nine.
We had sex a lot. The first time I'd bottomed, I'd been scared and insecure, but Castiel had assured me that it was fine. He'd told me to relax and trust him. I did.
him because the stupid sexy bastard drunkenly kisses Dr. Wayne, who's a total, arrogant bitch by the way, even though she's
"What do you say, you move upstairs with me?" Dean suddenly suggests between kisses and I can hardly believe what he's asking me to do.
"I've been horny the whole damn drive, baby, and all because of you," he mutters and pulls his hard cock out of his boxers. I press my eyes closed. The head of his dick touches my lips.
"So..." Jimmy started awkwardly.
to roofie you, Dean. But I had no other choice. You needed to learn your lesson."
"I'm Sam," the man replied and continued his query. "Has this happened before? The 'getting stuck' thing?"
I dealt with it all, somehow. Time passed, and I had to admit, it was weird, having to hide and pretend, and I kind of felt like a criminal. It was not a nice feeling... But like I said, I managed.
to watch these movies, wasn't actually interested in the plot like Dean was, he never objected and instead paid vivid attention to everything Dean pointed out to him.
They climbed into their dumpsters -and that was something Castiel never thought he'd say, ever- and tried to avoid landing in anything gross or moldy. It wasn't as easy as it sounded, and good lord, it
boyfriend,' Dean wanted to correct him automatically, but kept quiet when he saw Balthazar winking at him. The bastard knew. What an asshole. Dean opted to silently glare at him instead.
"Come on, we both need a shower," Dean suddenly says, ripping me from my thoughts and I look up at him in surprise. He barely lets me shower, normally he just gives me a cloth and a bucket of water and leaves me to it.
Was this gonna be my routine now? Feeling great while being fucked by Dean and feeling like crap as soon as he was gone? I wasn't sure.
"Well, yeah. I thought they deserved to know, considering we're, you know," Dean explained and shrugged, and finally Castiel had an inkling about what the hell was going on.
"Yeah, okay."
"Well, they certainly suit you," Dean said without thinking, and wasn't that kinda weird? "Is Gabe the brother that put you up to hitting on me in the first place?" he quickly changed the topic.
"Do whatever you want, brother. Bar's over there, drugs are in the basement, I'll be around and about. I'll find you later, gotta take care of some guys for a second. Have fun!" Benny said and then he left as fast as he had appeared.
"He's con--" Benny repeated but stopped mid-sentence. "He's
crush on me," he said and laughed at the memory. "He'd write me poems all the time, it was kinda cute actually. But I wasn't really interested, you know? Also, taken." There was a wistful smile on his face now. "But it was still nice... Especially because Dean was the most popular guy in school and if that didn't boost my ego, then I don't know."
"Relax," Castiel said. "I set an alarm for 7:30, you'll get to Bobby's on time."
What the hell?
Benny might love me. Maybe Bobby. I wasn't sure.
"Hey, Mom," I started, Castiel's words nagging at me still. "You know that I love you, right?" I said. I needed her to know. And more than anything I needed her to say it back. Prove Castiel wrong.
"So, what do you say," Castiel started. "Wanna go back to my place?" his voice dropped significantly.
"Oh, nothing special," Dean said, leaning forwards slowly, so his lips were hovering right next to Castiel's ear, hot breath making the younger man shudder involuntarily. Dean's hand wrapped around Castiel's glass, delicately touching his fingertips. "I just want to shove you against a table and hold you down while I fuck into your tight little ass until you're screaming," he explained. Castiel let out a silent groan at the explicit picture, only barely stopping himself from tending to the half-hardness in his pants.
Yeah, things with Castiel were getting more and more serious, indeed. I was beginning to depend on him, following him around like a puppy, and I knew it was dangerous but I didn't mind.
"Aaaaalright, I'm out of here," he announced, sensing a private conversation coming, and left the room quickly.
know?" Dean asked.
"You," Dean replies without thinking. "It was you."
"Exactly, how the hell would you
disappointed in me for not having the power to refuse.
Dean rolled his eyes at his apology but didn't comment, and took out his phone instead.
sleep in one bed," instead of 'we'll,' suggesting that it happened on a regular basis.
Dean ignored it pointedly.
naked," he emphasized. My stomach turned.
"You mean that – that it's okay that I wanna kiss you despite having been with women? I don't have to choose, I can just – I can just do whatever I want?" Dean asked, just to be sure.
Fact was though, I didn't leave my room at all that day, and when it was time, Dean came to find me and fucked me into the mattress, all the while comforting me with soothing words. It worked long enough for me to be able to fall asleep.
"So, in the very beginning, Dr. Sexy is new at the hospital and meets Dr. Piccolo, the sexy yet earnest doctor who seriously overuses the word 'seriously'. They get to know each other and there's loads of unresolved sexual tension and after a season or two, he finally gets together with her; but then she
"I..." Dean supplied again, a pained expression in his eyes. "I don't--" he stuttered, not knowing what to say. Then, a defeated expression spread on his face.
Apart from that, Dean wasn't gay anyway.
Well, not exactly...
He refused to believe it. It was irrational and stupid and oh god, how catastrophic would it be if Dean really
On some days though, I couldn't help but be a little freaked by his actions. Like when he talked to me about things he shouldn't even know about in the first place, or when he showed up at my working place to pick me up, without me ever giving him the address. It was weird and scary, and it made me worry about how he knew so much about my life, but I kept telling myself that there had to be a harmless reason for it all. And if you looked it at from another angle, it did have its perks! It meant I didn't have to keep secrets for example. Castiel knew pretty much everything about me, for whatever reason, and the fact that he was still with me assured me tremendously.
Huh, maybe Dean wasn't as straight as Castiel had thought after all.
"I know, baby, I know," Dean said, pumping his finger in and out of me slowly. "You need me to fill that hole, need me to show you what it's like to be fucked. And I will show you, baby, I will. But you have to be patient for just a little longer."
Yes, he hadn't known Dean for long but Castiel had fallen hard enough for it to sting horribly. His heart hurt but Castiel chose to ignore it and forced himself to keep going. He'd lived through worse after all...
At that, Castiel pulled away, laughing out loudly when Dean's lips attempted to follow his instinctively, and turned his head to look at the rest of the football team. The sight Castiel was met with was amazing, all of them staring, standing completely still, too shocked seeing their captain full on making out with a
"Call me," Dean repeated and winked one last time. Then he left the store, seemingly satisfied with the way things had turned out, the pain in his back forgotten.
"Perfect," he decided when he saw how it had turned out. He set the phone aside.
Castiel was walking towards, and the small gleam of recognition in his eyes when he realized who Castiel was. To Dean, he was '
"If I shut up, how am I gonna help you find a solution to your problem?" Cas asks and cocks an eyebrow, smirking. Okay, sometimes I hate him and his smugness despite my feelings for him.
"You're still young... Oh, I can teach you so much," he swoons and his gaze wanders to the ceiling, probably lost in his daydreams of a hundred different ways to fuck me.
It couldn't be true. She'd heard it herself while pressing her ear against the door, she had seen Dean leave the room with her own eyes, but it
He stands up. "Not now though, we need to get going. I'm on the run after all," Dean tells me and pulls a key out of his pocket. He opens the handcuffs on the sink, just to attach them to my other wrist instead, and pulls me up harshly.
And when Castiel suddenly remembered there were cameras watching, he muttered into the microphone, "If you have any questions about the teleporter, ask John Winchester, I'm a little preoccupied right now," and pulled Dean with him off the stage quickly.
And with that, Benny had officially left my life.
It all depended on whether robots
I waited just behind the door, standing still, staying silent, and Benny knocked a second time, louder now. I still didn't react but my heart bled.
Not that it mattered anymore, he told himself. It was too late anyway.
"Oh, right. Of course," Dean mutters, being pulled back to reality, and introduces us quickly. "Benny, this is Cas. Cas, Benny."
"It's okay, Dean, you know now," Castiel promised. He was fidgeting in his seat slightly. "Was that..." he stuttered. "Was that the only reason why you can't be with me?" He didn't dare look up at Dean.
On the other hand though, the robots working in this building wouldn't have to be based on real people, would they? They wouldn't have to get new memories and they might even be aware of what they were. Hell, Cas himself had had an inkling about not being human.
I'd say, at the bottom of his heart, Castiel was a good man. Most of the time, at least. He worked from home, and he sometimes ignored me for hours and hours when he was on his laptop, but he provided for us both without much effort.
"Wow, uh," Castiel starts, blinking in surprise, but a slow smile starts to spread on his face. Dean's heart sinks in anticipation. "I don't know what to say. I didn't expect that," he continues and laughs a little in disbelief. "But yes. Okay. Let's go out," he agrees.
"Dinner," I replied, voice rougher than usual. "I'm making vegetable soup," I explained, clearing my throat. Dean's arms tightened around my waist slightly, his warmth sending a pleasant shiver down my spine.
"Doesn't mean it was comfortable..."
Or was he something else entirely?
important thing you need to remember is that the cowboy boots are what makes Dr. Sexy sexy, okay?" Dean asked and Cas nodded attentively. "Good. It's important for the season finale.
I sucked on his tongue eagerly when it entered my mouth and moaned thankfully. His kisses were like a drug to me.
I'd been thinking about it all day, actually, replaying every conversation Mom and I had had in the last four weeks and, honestly, there were only a few. Mom was no workaholic, not by decision at least, but she didn't earn enough to be home more often. It sometimes made me wonder if I really was a burden.
The rest of breakfast passed quietly, the only sounds Dean's occasional moans and Cas's own noisy eating, until Sam barged in the door, back from his run, sweaty and smelling like he desperately needed a shower.
I'm in a basement.
Why the hell did Castiel not spontaneously combust when that smile was directed at him? How did he survive? Castiel didn't know either. But he suddenly remembered vividly why he wanted this guy so badly and what he'd promised himself this morning.
If Dean said it was important, it probably was, and since it wasn't like Dean to talk on the phone much anyway, him wanting Sam to call was unusual enough on its own. Sam didn't know what to expect. He hoped it was nothing bad...
Did she know I hadn't come home yesterday? Did she notice the empty bed when she checked in the morning? I was so screwed.
Dean comes back hours later. I don't know how much time has passed exactly, but it's been a long while and my stomach has already started growling. I'm so hungry...
Jack was already waiting by the car, when Dean finally decided to screw it, and gave his dad a thumbs-up for the outfit. Dean blushed but nodded, and then they both climbed into the car to drop Jack off at Mary's.
When he looked down at his watch the next time he was surprised to see it was already past three. Damn it. He'd missed lunch again.
When he was thinking clearly again, Sam was holding up something metallic that was about hand-sized and looked pretty heavy in Sam's grip. It had a red light at the side which was blinking slowly.
I find out a few days later.
"Straight-forward, aren't we?" he joked, but started taking off his clothes nevertheless. To give him a little privacy, Castiel turned away for a few minutes. Meanwhile, he opted to pulling the bottle of massage oil out of his bag -- it was his favorite one because it smelled like watermelon.
"36, but you'd be surprised by how fit I still am." He winked. "And you, gorgeous? You seem a little young for a place like this," Dean asked in return, trying to gage whether or not Castiel was already of age. Castiel smiled in response. He had the suspicion Dean was one of those men who liked 'em young and Castiel wouldn't disappoint.
Sam looked at him expressionlessly, arms crossed over his chest, and waited for him to elaborate. Dean didn't indulge him though and simply grinned at him instead.
what exactly our plan is?" he asked, as if the plan hadn't been the only thing they'd been talking about for
Castiel simply huffed out a laugh, but pulled out his softening cock nevertheless.
Oh man, his thoughts were all over the place.
Acting on instinct, I opened my mouth and let him in. I'd almost forgotten all about the pie he didn't swallow, so I was a little surprised when something soft and sweet was pushed into my mouth. No one had ever done that to me, shared their food with me this way. I knew it should be gross, but all I could think about was how hot all of it was.
My hand comes up and touches it.
Then again, my panic was long overdue, seeing as I've been in Dean's basement for about two weeks already without any serious attack. I knew it was gonna happen sooner or later. That doesn't change the fact that I hate the feeling of helplessness and like I'm not getting enough oxygen.
That was about all anyone knew about him.
"I thought you were going as friends!"
"This, Sammy, is the answer to everything," Dean said smugly while watching Sam frown down at the thing in Cas's head. "It may sound a little sci-fi, but just imagine if someone managed to do a
I almost felt like hitting my head against the wall. Of course, Dean only shared his bed with Castiel for
"Oh, I see how it is," Dean laughed bitterly. His chest hurt all over again. "So you're
that made his brow furrow. Could it be...?
In that moment, the oven started beeping, announcing that it was time to return to the kitchen, so Dean turned to Castiel and said, "Are you okay on your own for a while? I'll be back soon, okay?" He knew it was a dick move to leave Castiel in the daunting presence of his disapproving son, but he had to get the food out of the oven. Also, if Jack didn't like Castiel, Dean would have the perfect excuse to send Castiel on his way without hurting his feelings too much. Or that was the plan at least.
of me, moving in and out slowly. I realize I'm being fucked. But I don't feel scared or panicked. I also don't feel any pain.
"Get out of my asshole, you dick," Dean growled, not able to move under Castiel's weight and the handcuffs, and he groaned again, closing his eyes. He'd underestimated the murderous headache that was starting to settle in.
Honestly, I didn't know if that feeling of fear would ever disappear. We didn't know if one day our past would catch up with us, rip us apart and make us even more miserable than we already were. And I didn't know if one day Castiel would just stop loving me and leave me for someone better. Everybody else had left me after all. Why not Castiel?
"Okay," Sam said, unimpressed. "Go ahead."
Suddenly, he felt something wet graze his lips -- Dean's tongue asking for entrance.
you, Castiel, mind readers are real," Charlie assured Castiel, eyes gleaming excitedly.
"Hello, Dean," she said when she pulled open the door and entered. She didn't smile but that wasn't anything unusual. She never smiled. "You didn't call."
'. And that was all Castiel would probably ever be to Dean if he didn't make himself known...
I was sweating by the time three fingers were fucking into my hole easily, my dick leaking pre-come and hovering heavily over my stomach. I needed
He let his eyes roam over the crowd. Even though the party had been in full swing when he'd arrived, it seemed as if even more people had joined them since then. And as far as Dean was concerned, he didn't know a single person around him, except for maybe one or two. The guy standing near the bar directly across from him for example, he looked familiar. Dean didn't know his name at the moment but he'd definitely seen him around school. His face had stuck with him. Those plush lips, those ocean blue eyes, that sex hair he always seemed to have...
"I apologize," he said after a few seconds of contemplating and left without another word. He opened the door of his actual flat and disappeared without sparing me another look.
"Listen, Cas," he started, determination in his gaze. "You misunderstood me yesterday," he continued, and his determination flickered slightly under Castiel's skeptical gaze. "I actually wanted to ask you whether you'd like to... you know..." He hesitated. "If you and me could... um... Would you like to, like..."
it even, and took control quickly.
They didn't stop kissing for a while.
The rest of the night passes without conversation.
That elicits a reaction. My gaze flies up to the helpless man on the ropes immediately, eyes narrowing in anger when I realize what the guy has done. Raping children -- in my eyes, that's the worst crime one can commit.
you by asking him, Dean, but it seemed like the easiest solution to the whole boyfriend problem," he protested, sitting up straight. "My mother wanted me to bring a date and Balthazar just so happened to be the perfect choice. What was I supposed to do?"
Soon enough, his tongue asked for entrance. Cas opened up without hesitation.
And he came back with loads of pictures to show Cas. They went through about thirty photos until Cas saw something that looked familiar. "It is this one," he announced, gaining Sam and Dean's attention immediately, and pointed at the photo in question. "I remember the apple tree."
Okay, wow, this was really happening. How was this happening?
when his diary hit the walls of one of the dumpsters -which one he couldn't tell- and felt his heart sink to the ground.
I wake up in an unfamiliar bathroom with a headache so strong I barely keep myself from throwing up. I feel like shit. Not only my head hurts but everything else as well and I suddenly realize that I can't move my right arm. Why's that?
"Never mind," the same one muttered. "Metatron'll get it out of you. Just get in the damn van."
"I don't," I hiss. "I would never."
There was no way Castiel deserved to be looked at like that...
him winking. I shook my head in amusement.
They continued staring at each other for a few more seconds.
I shook off those traitorous thoughts. Lies, all lies. Bobby loved me like a son and nothing would convince me otherwise.
"Well. Yes," Castiel admitted and he averted his eyes bashfully. "He noticed me ... looking at you and told me I needed to be braver and approach more people or else I was gonna die alo-- uh, I was gonna stay alone. Then he told me to try my best, gave me that line, and sent me over here. I didn't even know what I was doing, I'm sorry," Castiel explained.
"Hey Cas," I said shyly when he opened the door for me. He didn't seem to be in a bad mood exactly, but he still waved me inside without a single word.
"Castiel," I replied.
pregnancy test as an explanation. For a second, Castiel wondered which poor girl at his school had gotten herself pregnant
Cursing Gabriel in his head, Castiel struggled to calm down the woman in front of him yelling about how they should've
After what felt like forever, Sam closed the cover again and Cas was able to think again.
Opening his drawer, he pulled out a small bottle of lube and put some of it onto his fingers. It wasn't necessarily to decrease the pain Dean wouldn't be feeling -because Castiel doubted Dean was able to even feel anything at the moment- but more for his own good. Nobody wanted to chafe their own dick, now, did they?
"Seriously. What's wrong?" he repeated.
"Uh... No," I replied, still a little dazed, and tried to lean in again but he kept me from doing so. I squirmed in his lap. I
"In here," Castiel said and opened the door to his left. Dean gulped down his nervousness again, but still stepped in behind him.
"Dean," said Dean, hoping he sounded a little more sober and a little less bewildered than he was. His throat felt hoarse and his mouth was dry, and there was no way another word would leave his mouth right now. Instead he opted for simply staring back at Castiel.
"Sorry, I shouldn't have... Sorry," Dean muttered guiltily, not knowing what else to say or why exactly Cas had reacted as strongly as he had. Dean hadn't meant to grind against him like a horny teenager, and he certainly hadn't wanted to give him the impression he was forcing him into something. The thought alone made Dean feel sick to his stomach.
It soon became clear that Baby was Dean's car. The
He took a chance. "I am robot, sir," he answered and got a nod in return. The relief Cas felt was almost overwhelming.
Suddenly, Dean sits up. "I wanted to show you something," he remembers.
Castiel was used to Dean's inexplicable temper tantrums and even though he didn't know the reasons for most of them -mostly Dean's possessive tendencies-, he was a saint for putting up with them. It was a surprise Castiel hadn't figured out what was going on yet, but then again, maybe he
He pressed the button without much hesitation. Dean disappeared and then waved at him from the other side of the room. Castiel smiled as the crowd applauded.
me. You feel bad for the guy who's so desperately in love with you, so you don't wanna let me do things for you because you'd feel like you owe me. Well, news flash, Cas, even though you don't like me back doesn't mean I can't still be your best fucking friend!"
"Have you ever loved before, Cas?" Dean asked, now smiling slightly again because he'd figured it out, and leaned his head against the arm he had propped up on the headrest. Cas didn't meet his gaze, proving him right.
Cas didn't even remember how it happened, but a little while after the episode ended -in another huge cliffhanger, naturally- Dean had looked at Cas with a frown on his face until he'd seemingly made a decision and beckoned him to follow.
Every once in a while, when Cas managed to stay awake long enough for a change, it'd be Dean who would doze off without warning. When that happened, Cas would gently nudge him awake after the movie and there'd be the quiet whispering of his name, "Dean," and Dean would try not to snap at him, he really would. But Dean was an angry sleeper and an even angrier awaker, and it didn't matter how gently he was pulled from his sleep, he was still
After this incident, everything went downhill really fast. I got into a huge fight with Mom, about why I didn't go to school anymore -- because apparently, the school had called her at work and told her about it. My attendance had been close to non-existent the last few weeks and they were simply 'worried' about me. Of course.
The car parked in our driveway and hearing the familiar rumble of the Impala, I left the house to run towards Dean and hug him -- when I stopped in my tracks. Not one but two doors were opened and I stared dumbfoundedly at the unfamiliar man climbing out of Dean's car.
Inside, it was quiet. Somewhere in the back of his head Cas knew that was what libraries were supposed to be, but the silence in combination with the relative emptiness of the building had a somewhat eerie effect. Cas didn't even notice though. Fear was an emotion he did not feel.
, Dean had decided to ask Castiel out? This was amazing.
"No, of course not," he said, looking irritated. "Why would somebody be holding it?"
I went three days without hearing from Benny. I'd kind of hoped he'd just leave me alone once he realized I didn't want to talk to him, but I'd hoped in vain. It was on day four when he knocked on my apartment door.
"Thank you, Sam," Cas said genuinely and turned around to face him and his brother, their gazes on him feeling weird on his bare skin. Especially Dean's, who was eyeing up his muscled abs with a scowl. Cas looked away.
Surprisingly enough, the rat, too, came out unharmed, no parts missing for once. Castiel beamed in happiness.
that I'm trusting you this quickly."
"Cas," he breathed into Cas's mouth and without meaning to, he grinded his hips against Cas's.
"Well, I was... I was busy, I'm sorry," he apologized half-heartedly.
"I'm Dean," Dean responds. And then he doesn't know what to say next.
"They truly are a work of genius, though, don't you think?" Metatron asked, wandering back to his desk, and flopped down on the chair clumsily. It seemed to eat him alive, that's how deep he sank into it.
"Thanks. But, you know, my room is even nicer," Castiel promised, winking at Dean suggestively. It was better to get straight to the point in cases like this. "Want me to show you?"
"What are you guys talking about?" I asked.
"Yes, you will."
Then, Dean pushes the knife into my hands all of a sudden and closes his hand around my grip. "Now you," he says and holds out his arm towards me.
Dean stayed silent, thinking about it for a few minutes -because if there was one thing he was sure of, then that Cas deserved an honest answer-, and came to only one obvious conclusion. "People aren't perfect," he ended up saying, sounding surprisingly quiet and resigned. A picture of Lisa appeared in his mind, but he shoed it away. It was a long time ago. And he certainly hadn't meant to sound so depressing about it.
"It's nice to meet you, Dean," Castiel says, a hesitant smile on his face. "Thanks for your help. I really gotta get to class now but I do hope I'll see you around."
When the door eventually opens again, I'm relieved to see that Dean has food with him.
Damn this fucking day.
This was
"Um... C-Compensation for... for what exactly?" Castiel asked warily. The day had taught him to be careful with his words or otherwise people would explode in his face.
When the tests turned out to be successful, they decided it was time to get in themselves.
It was almost too good to be true...
"If you say so," Castiel muttered.
"You cook?" Castiel asked, surprised.
Dean presses out a laugh, but it sounds more like a scoff. Maybe it's a mixture of both.
"Just a little more patience. I'll make it good for you," he promised and pulled me back towards him, drawing my lower lip into his mouth. I moaned at the feeling but otherwise didn't move, not wanting to make him angry and deny me pleasure yet again.
"Bullshit," I said, despite the doubts creeping into my thoughts. "Mom does love me."
He let go of Dean's hand reluctantly.
"So, uh... Anyway. Let's not talk about our love lives anymore. What have you invented so far?"
Giving Dean his best bitch face, Castiel grabbed for Dean's cup and took a sip of his coffee in reply. "Happy?" he asked.
My eyes widened comically. Did that mean what I thought it meant?
Not able to hold himself back, Dean reached out and grabbed Castiel's ass, feeling his smooth skin and the firm muscles underneath. Castiel only glanced back at him for a moment, not even pausing his ministrations. He didn't seem to mind that Dean was touching him this way.
Not wanting to make him angrier than he already was, I started stripping down, throwing my stuff on the floor carelessly. Castiel only had to look at it disapprovingly for me to bow down and neatly fold them instead.
"I'm so proud of you," Dean whispered against my lips, sending one last pleasant shiver down my spine, and then he was gone, leaving me cold and alone in the darkness of the room, Star Wars IV the only source of noise.
Dean stared at Castiel for a few seconds, thinking about all the time they'd spent together and then decided, "Yeah. That was the only reason."
"Okay... Okay," the man repeated and was quiet for a few pensive seconds, then he asked, "Do you, uh... belong to someone then? What's your name?"
"I think I know what's wrong, Cas," he uttered, shaking his head slightly. "All you wanna do is make your Mom happy and you don't think what we did would make her happy. And I think you're right," Dean said, hitting the spot immediately. I pressed my eyes closed.
"O-Oh," he stuttered, seeming a little overwhelmed. How could one send flowers with such straight-forward messages and still be as awkward as this? "That... sucks," Castiel added and his eyes flickered between Dean's eyes and the flowers again.
Still, his thoughts drifted to Cas's sleeping face every night he couldn't fall asleep -which was more often than not lately- and somehow, he didn't even mind anymore. Sure, it hurt like a bitch, but the memory was still precious.
"I - I've never done this before," Dean explained when Castiel searched his eyes questioningly. "With a guy, I mean."
" he finished quietly.
He grips one of my wrists with his left hand and pulls my arm closer, then he sets the knife down against my skin. He looks up at me. "Ready?" he asks and his eyes are gleaming with happiness.
"Wanna go somewhere else then?" Castiel asked, a mischievous smirk on his face.
"I'm not sure I wanna know the answer to this, but... Is this your Dean or my Dean?"
"Now just relax," Castiel said awkwardly and slowly began his magic. He started with a light caress to Dean's soft skin to get his back oily and smooth, and then patiently began kneading out the lumps in his shoulders. He'd barely even touched Dean when he already let out a happy sigh.
He pressed the door bell.
Either way, the speculations reached from 'he has a girlfriend' to 'he's gay' to 'he grew out of it' to 'Castiel talked some sense into him'. Because it really had been a little embarrassing now that they thought about it. A guy shouting out just what kind of sexual act he'd just engaged in was a little childish after all.
"I... I didn't know," Castiel said. Dean wondered if that was the moment he understood that Dean wasn't gay. But then Castiel continued, "I'm glad though. I haven't been with a man either. We can figure it out together." Castiel smiled happily, and Dean's heart thumped in his chest at the sight.
Anyway, the days passed quickly and soon it was Saturday, Dean having spent the time either working, texting Cas, or playing with Jack. Even early in the morning, Dean was already nervous for their date, but luckily not as much as last time. Apparently though, Castiel was a lot more nervous than before, and Dean honestly got it. He'd be nervous too if he got to meet his date's kid, especially if said kid was kinda picky with whom he liked.
Getting the toy car from his desk, he held it up for the camera shortly and set it down in the teleporter. He wasn't too concerned about it not going to work; Castiel had teleported lots of toy cars in his latest tests and they'd always appeared on the other side -- flawless or not.
The silence is deafening.
We were quiet, concentrating on the screen in more or less comfortable silence.
"You okay?" he asks and it almost sounds like he's actually worried. I make a sound that he can interpret however he wants.
I sat down on the couch, making sure to keep enough space between Dean and me, and settled to watch the movie. It was Star Wars IV. I'd seen it before but didn't mind watching it again.
loves it. Calls her 'Baby' and all," he explained, a small smile on his face. "So, just don't touch anything." And Cas nodded, even though he didn't quite understand.
Dean blinked.
Jack nodded in response and even shot Castiel a smile as well. Then, to Dean's great surprise, he pushed one of his trains in Castiel's direction and wordlessly indicated that Castiel join him on the floor. After a second of confusion, Castiel did, sitting down next to Jack and the trains. He reached out a hand to the one Jack had given him and picked it up slowly.
Knowing himself though, Castiel had brought a box with a sandwich in it, so he'd have at least a little something to eat. And that's what he did, opening the box hungrily, and proceeded to take a huge bite of his tuna sandwich. Amazing. He hadn't realized he was starving.
"You're always so good for me," Dean muttered and I felt warm all over again.
too small for Castiel.
There was silence when Dean stopped talking to take a frustrated breath. Staring Castiel down with fury in his eyes, Dean noticed Castiel's mouth opening and closing, not a word leaving his lips. Now he appeared to be the one rendered speechless.
"I'm Jimmy. Who are
"We'll just have to work jobs a little more to afford it. We almost have the money together," Cas said proudly and I instantly wondered for how long those two had been planning to buy that space. Must've been a long time.
"Wanna join me?" Dean asked on day two, sitting on the couch while watching a movie. It was already dark outside, the only light in the room coming from the TV.
"I--" I started, about to say no, but Castiel interrupted me once again.
Dean knew he wasn't what Castiel wanted or needed, but did he really have to like someone like
He pushed two fingers in with next to no resistance and his heart skipped a beat. It was hot and wet and so much tighter than any girl he'd ever fucked. Castiel would feel absolutely amazing around his cock. Oh God, he realized, he was gonna have Castiel around him in a few minutes.
"Yes. It's me," Castiel said and drew his fingers out of me. He pulled me back against him quickly, so I was pushed down onto his lap, and his dick entered me without warning. I gasped in surprise, throwing my head back against his shoulder at the burning feeling. Castiel's hand came up to my throat unexpectedly, cutting off my airways when he started fucking into me quickly. I wanted to protest, to ask what he was doing, but I was too overwhelmed by the feeling of his dick hammering into my prostate and the desperate need to scream in pleasure, but I could do nothing but take it. I couldn't breathe, I couldn't move, and weirdly enough, I
"Don't act like you don't know, Cas! You asked
, you're perfect," Dean moaned, a hand burying itself in my hair. "All the things I could do to you, all the things I could teach you," he continued, voice hoarse. "Would you want that, Cas? Me teaching you all of that?"
"I liked that very much," he said and before Dean could answer, Cas eagerly pulled him in for another kiss. Not able to suppress the laugh, Dean smirked into Cas's lips and returned the kiss eagerly. Cas's lips were soft and tasted amazing and Dean couldn't seem to get enough of them.
I open the door slowly.
release. I needed
. There was just empty space and the feeling of loss, and
And just thinking about what we'd done made my dick twitch in arousal again, which had me feeling even worse about myself. Dean was more than twice my age and my
"Of course," he replied defiantly. And then, because he simply couldn't leave it alone, he added, "It's just that I'd be a
They ate in silence, both of them too focused on their burgers to talk more, and it didn't take long for them to finish. Dean didn't think he'd ever had food as good as this, not even at the Roadhouse – not that he'd ever mention that to Ellen.
"We didn't have much else," I explained and she looked up at me quickly.
The next few days passed in a blur for Castiel.
"I - I - I," he said smartly, giving up after his third try, and simply stared at Castiel instead.
laboratory! Winchester Corp is paying good money to keep me here!" Castiel shouted, exasperated, completely disbelieving this guy's ignorance. Yes, he might look like Castiel but that was no excuse for being an assbutt.
For some reason though, I felt like I needed to protect him. It was probably his stupid good looks.
, man!"
Cas had been wandering around for hours. The mist had disappeared and it had started getting dark, raindrops beginning to fall. The wetness made his skin feel uncomfortable.
Rolling his eyes, Sam gave in. "Okay,
I couldn't deal with it.
Dean stared at him blankly for a few seconds. And then, the look on his face slowly changed to one of utter horror and he paled until he was white as a sheet.
"Alright. Kitchen's over there," Castiel instructed and took the movie from Dean's outstretched hand.
Slowly, the street is getting busier. It's some kind of market place, he realizes, and it fills with humans, walking together, talking and laughing. It's loud. It serves as a sharp contrast to the spooky silence of the mist.
Dean disagrees. They wouldn't be cute together at all.
Dean couldn't help but stare back, not knowing what to say all of a sudden, and Castiel's eyes flew up to his. Noticing he'd been caught looking, the man blushed furiously. It was kinda cute -- not that Dean would ever admit that.
"I'm Dean's boyfriend," I say defiantly, raising my chin at the stranger. "Who are you?" I demand.
with him...
After long minutes of worshipping my body and pressing little kisses against my hip bones, successfully getting my dick to full hardness, Castiel let go off me and said, "Turn around."
"Feels good, huh?" the face asks, voice slurred, and I can
"Swallow," he orders and presses it into my mouth. I fight against him harshly. I've never taken anything before -I've always been scared of drugs- and I don't want to start now.
"No," Castiel ordered, not stopping, and I resignedly forced myself to hold still. It was torture, not being allowed to act on instinct.
Dean Winchester just couldn't be stopped.
"That should do," Castiel nodded and took the object from him, setting it down in the teleporter. "Press the button."
the episodes of Dr. Sexy MD- but for some reason it had still caught him off-guard.
When they eventually stopped, Cas almost believed they were only stopping for gas. But then the back doors opened and the same small man from before shut his cover forcefully and pulled him outside. Or, well, inside. Since they were standing in the very same factory hall Cas had started out in.
Stupidly enough, they were still close enough for Cas to understand every single word they said.
He didn't look at me lustfully the rest of the day.
"Hey, no worries," Dean said, smiling despite himself. It was kinda cute anyway, and even though Dean was most definitely straight, Castiel could probably do with a good experience, so what could it hurt to talk to him a little more. Besides, he was lonely and Castiel had made him laugh, so there was really no downside to it.
Dean gulped visibly. "Okay."
Oh shit. Mom.
"It's-- it's okay," Castiel pressed out. "I understand, you don't have to justify yourself."
knows about it," Dean emphasized. "It's no secret."
They wouldn't be able to tell who closed the gap first, afterwards. Probably Dean. Fact was though that pretty much as soon as those words had left Cas's mouth, Dean's hand was cupping his cheek, lips pressed against the other's. It wasn't a very long kiss, but it was affectionate and intense and one of the nicest kisses Dean could remember having.
"Do you think we should lie him down somewhere?" the first voice said tentatively. "A mattress or something?"
I stayed on the couch for about an hour when I suddenly heard Cas giggling in their room, shouting at Dean to let him down. I didn't hear Dean's answer, but I did hear Cas starting to laugh even louder. A second later, the bedroom door was opened.
"Sure," I said, smiling brightly, and passed him the saltshaker. He smiled back at me, eyes warm.
"He's not
Tricky question, Cas thought. The man was smart. As far as Cas knew, none of the robots who got their new memories were aware of not being human. Looking at that, it was only obvious Cas had to reply with, 'I am human, sir.'
, his mind supplied helpfully.
"Hello Dean," Castiel answered, a bright smile spreading on my face. His crush was so painfully obvious. "How are you?"
want to hear it," he hissed and Inias lowered his head in submission, while at the same time trying to hide his anger. It wasn't his fault things weren't going the way they were supposed to go.
"You're one to talk," Dean replied breathlessly and started tugging on Castiel's shirt impatiently. Castiel did him the favor and pulled it off. Dean stared.
even... It was crazy. But it made sense.
"Why are you helping me?" Cas inquired, finally asking the question that'd been on his mind since he'd let the brothers help him. "I do not have anything to give you in return and yet you are helping me. Why are you so interested?" he continued.
"Okay then," Castiel smiled. And with those words, he grabbed Dean's hand and pulled him up the stairs behind him.
He began grinding down on him. Sucking marks into Dean's skin, he grabbed his arms and pulled them above Dean's head, trapping him underneath him. Dean wouldn't fight Castiel -
I don't allow myself to do so though. I'd feel too filthy giving in.
out of the room. I didn't look back the whole way upstairs, ignoring everything and everyone around me until I was in the safety of my flat.
I don't know what I expected, but it feels different this time. I don't black out like last time, instead, I can clearly feel the drug beginning to infiltrate my system. My sight is starting to get blurry at the edges, my focus sharpens, colors seem to get brighter and words spoken echo across the room. It's similar to last time but not as sudden.
He'd pay for this, Amara would make sure of it. He'd pay for this and if it was the last thing she did.
The man in question came to a stop right in front of him.
"Not a chance," he'd say.
And that's when Dean noticed everything else. The unusual quietness of the lobby, whispers where loud conversations usually filled the air, the shocked looks on some of the people's faces. Everything just seemed wrong and Dean couldn't pinpoint what exactly was the source of this behavior.
"Don't, Cas, just leave it," he said. "I know you don't like me back, you don't have to go ahead and say it."
"We're together," I continue for him, eyes still on Cas, and we smile at each other happily. If only all of this was real.
"Like I said, I'm okay with that," Castiel repeated, squinting a little at Dean's incredulous stare. "You being a single-father and having been with a woman doesn't change how I look at you, you don't have to worry. You're still the same Dean."
"Pretty fucking awesome?" he suggested.
, who has caused more harm on my body than a teenager should ever endure, is asking
Of course, in the meantime rumors had started spreading. The big question was, why had Dean changed his demeanor? Had he really stopped fucking a different girl each day or had he just stopped talking about it?
"We found the tracker, but no robot. They've been separated somehow. He must've... I don't know -- lost it, or something. Fact is, the robot's not here," he concluded and Inias closed his eyes in exasperation. This whole project had been doomed from the start but somehow it only got worse and worse the longer it went on.
," he clarified, shooting Castiel a warning look. Dean couldn't help the snort that left his mouth. Neither of the two noticed.
, pulling a moan out of me that I am incredibly embarrassed about.
it? "You ever killed a person, Cas?"
Cas, he sure was intend on teaching him about 'the important things in life'.
And Dean's heart shatters where Castiel drops it.
Castiel's smile slipped off his face slowly. He visibly gulped down his disappointment, glancing away to hide his unshed tears. Dean knew they were there anyway.
It was in that moment that the guy's gaze suddenly crossed his. Dean hadn't even realized that he was staring when the guy's eyes laser-focused in on him, looking confident and knowing. It made Dean feel like he was hit with a whip and still, he couldn't look away. He wondered what his own face looked like right now. Probably really fucking peculiar.
Watching silently for a few minutes, Cas decided that he had no clue what was going on. Like, at all. Dr. Sexy had made out with two different nurses and one dude, and Cas was man enough to admit that he didn't understand what was happening.
We continued playing video games until it was late and Mom threw Benny out. I decided to walk him to the stairs, so we could talk a little longer at least.
"So?" he asked. "What's up with him? I've heard some weird stories, man."
Castiel nodded again, reluctantly. His stomach agreed with Jimmy's decision and even though Castiel was hesitant to leave the laboratory, he knew there wasn't much point in working in the condition he was in.
"I--"
Dean's about the same as I but clearer. The first time's overwhelming, he tells me later, the second time it will be easier to focus. He says it'll be even greater and promises to show it to me soon.
admit to having an effect on him (even though they most certainly did).
"I am looking for the control room, sir," Cas offered the truth. "Could you, by any chance, tell me where it is?" he prompted. It was worth a try after all. "I have trouble remembering."
Tears well up in my eyes when I realize what I'm gonna decide for.
"You know there's no going back from this, right?" he asked and I nodded again.
Instead, he walked back to Dean quickly and started coating his hands in massage oil.
"So, where were we?" Dean asked and the conversation went on as it had before -- laced with innuendos and 'what I want to do to you's. It was a pleasant talk, considering the circumstances, even though it kind of strained on Castiel's nerves. He was really starting to get blue balls from the lack of real action.
"I'm well, Balthazar," Castiel replied, smiling slightly at his friend's enthusiastic greeting. "How are you?" he added.
"You a virgin, Cas?" Dean asked, pressing his crotch against my ass again, making me gasp quietly. I nodded breathlessly.
That one earned a laugh from Michael's friends, all three of them cackling stupidly. Castiel wanted to kick them in the nuts. "You know what this is, Cassie?" Michael then asked, holding up the notebook to show him. "It's
Still, he didn't know if he could look Dean in the eye when he saw him again.
After that night at the party, Dean hadn't been able to get Castiel out of his head. He'd replayed the memory of that night in his head at least a hundred times since then, fuzzy as it was, and had jerked off to it more often than he'd like to admit.
I contemplate screaming for help. But I have no idea if there are any people nearby and I might just draw my kidnappers attention. I don't exactly want that.
"Shh," he said, soothing me slightly. My head was still buried in his shoulder. "You're alright," he whispered into my ear and I shuddered tiredly. "You did amazing, Baby Doll."
...But had he really 'taken advantage' of me? I mean, I had wanted it in that moment; I hadn't put up a fight. God, I'd
"Can you walk to the bedroom?" Castiel asked when he pulled away, only to have Dean nod determinedly and stumble a second later. "I suppose not," Castiel mumbled to himself and laid Dean's arm around his shoulder, heaving him up. The way to the bedroom wasn't a long one, but it seemed to take forever.
"Please," I start, sounding even more frightened than before, and a wayward tear leaves my eye. "Please, I won't tell anyone, I don't even know your name, just let me go, please," I whimper. I'm a pathetic mess, that's for sure, but I'm hoping for a miracle.
Like some kind of miracle, he's survived. He's alive and standing, watching calmly as policemen infiltrate the building, watching calmly as a small, chubby guy is being dragged outside, raising his fists in anger.
I wonder what my family's doing at the moment. Are they looking for me? Are they worried?
"Hey, you are
I sucked in a sharp breath when he started stroking, teasing me with experienced hands, and I couldn't help but thrust up into his grip.
I asked him hesitantly when exactly he planned on giving me that raise he'd promised me but Bobby only shrugged, saying he couldn't afford it at the moment but he was gonna 'try' and give it to me as soon as possible. "Maybe in a few months," he'd said, shrugging it off, and I'd left, having been proved right. Bobby had never intended to give me more money. It was all some kind of cruel joke.
Maybe April Fools isn't so bad.
"Hey," the guy said, no hesitation in his voice. "I'm Castiel."
As soon as Dean had heard about Amara's attempts though, he'd started coming to work earlier, so he'd be there to accept the bouquets. He didn't want to take the risk of Amara getting to them. Yes, they were just flowers but Dean had never received that much attention from a person that wasn't Amara, much less a
"Oh fuck," he cursed again. Somehow, his vocabulary seemed to have been reduced to only those two words in the last few minutes.
Then again, he was hardly one to complain, since he was a known ladies' man himself and had done similar things on multiple occasions.
progressing," Castiel replied, focusing his attention back on Amara, and was a little taken aback by the scoff that followed.
"Come on, man, I'm your best friend, you can talk to me," Benny assured me and I breathed out slowly. I could trust him, I knew that. But did I trust him with this?
Dean gets rid of our boxers soon enough, ripping them down as if they offended him, and then he rubs his erection against the crack of my ass eagerly. He doesn't prep me before he enters, just covers his hand in spit and strokes a few times, making his dick nice and wet as well, and then pushes in.
nice. Castiel believed he could kiss Dean like this for hours on end and not feel the need to stop.
"True, it's such an invasion of privacy," Charlie complained.
amazing," he said.
"Sam. I met an awesome guy," Dean said when I was on the phone talking to him.
Sometimes they'd only watch one movie, sometimes they'd watch four. Most nights, they watched until they couldn't stay awake anymore, and every once in a while, one of them would fall asleep on the spot, head lolling backwards onto the couch, not even realizing the latest movie was still going. Back when Cas was still human, he was usually the one to fall asleep first and every time that happened, Dean would take his time to enjoy the picture Cas made, peaceful and calm, the near constant frown disappeared from his face, his breathing regular and steady.
Turning his head towards the stool, Cas frowned in contemplation. It was better than nothing, he assumed.
Cas looked at it in interest, squinting his eyes.
I started eating.
Mary of course gushed about how handsome he looked when they arrived, and wished him 'all the luck in the world' on his date with this Cas-girl, and even though he felt kinda bad about keeping the fact that Cas was a guy from his mother and son, Dean didn't correct her. It wouldn't matter later anyway.
Yep, that was Castiel.
"Alright," Dean said with a smile, looking down at Castiel with kind eyes. "I'll help you look for it."
"You don't understand, Cas," Dean said because that was the only possible explanation. "I was married, to a
Dean nods and grins manically. "Hell yeah we will. Dude's been hanging from the ceiling for days already, he won't last much longer anyway," he tells me.
"You're adorable, Cas," he tells me. I look up in shock. He knows my name. "We're gonna have a lot of fun," he promises and smirks at me cockily. "A
Castiel chuckled.
I don't react. He doesn't continue.
They got rid of the rest of their clothes and then Castiel grabbed some lube and a condom out of his pants' pocket and impatiently started fingering himself. Dean watched him with eyes as wide as saucers, staring at Castiel's hand that was hidden from his view but obviously pushing fingers into Castiel's hole. Dean could hear the squelching sounds they made as they slid in and out of him and the breathless moans that left Castiel's mouth, and suddenly had the desperate desire to
"Giving up already, Dean?" Castiel asked, smirking at Dean's reaction. He was shaking his head furiously, slurring a protest immediately.
"An hour maybe," I replied breathlessly and suddenly, Dean's lips were right next to my ear, whispering, "Thanks for cooking, Cas. You're amazing."
I sighed. It was great.
I set my empty plate down at the kitchen counter and left the apartment, feeling violated, angry and insecure.
One moment later, Castiel was moving. His feet worked without command, slowly stepping closer and closer to his teleporter, his most precious possession, his
"Whatever. I'm going home."
It wasn't like they'd ever even talked before.
Blinking, I watched Dean pouting a little, mumbling a disappointed, "Alright," and let his best friend down to the floor.
"Dude, what's going on with you lately?" Benny asked, interrupting my thoughts and simultaneously the video game we'd been playing, and I turned my head towards him.
"De-Dean!" I shouted, oh so close, and with a last few hard strokes, I fell apart in Dean's hands, trembling and moaning while he milked every last drop of cum from my dick. His lips were pressing against mine again when he finally slowed down his strokes, my cock softening in his hand, heart hammering in my chest.
romantic atmosphere to him. He didn't dwell on it...
All Castiel could answer with was an unintelligible muttering that was supposed to sound like, "I'm fine." Whoever was with him sighed heavily.
We had each other, that much was true, we weren't exactly
"Since they worked fine the last times, I'm gonna leave the basic settings as they were. I'm simply increasing the intensity to 65 in the hope of improving the outcome," he said for the camera absentmindedly, fiddling with one of the regulators until it was set on the right amount.
"Great," he said, feeling a whole lot better, and playfully messed up Cas's hair with his hand.
"And what about Cas?" I asked, finally giving up on cooling my finger, and shoved the pizza onto my plate, sitting down at the table.
Apparently, he'd taken too long to decide because Dean was already looking back at the pages. "
Dean sits down by the desk and watches me attentively. I am unsure of how to proceed. Does he want me to stop? But I'm so hungry... So I just keep nibbling on my bread, staring back at Dean self-consciously. I feel like a child. But I can't seem to be able to look away either.
there's been more than enough second chances for the Winchesters, and he knows there's no way Cas really is alive, but the hope is still there, betraying Dean's desperate attempt at staying rational. It's of no use. He still pressed down on the gas and drives there as fast as he can.
I'm killing a man, I realize. A guilty man, yes, but I'm killing a man nevertheless.
make out session.
He got to work. He set up his camera, making sure to check the position and angle, and wandered towards the shelf he was keeping his test objects on. What would he try this time?
"Try to breathe through your mouth, and
And then there was that
to do something like this!
"Are you okay, dude?" the same voice as before called out to him. "You don't look too well," he stated.
in a restaurant? Over a glass of wine and with music in the background? Then again, we're not the types to go to fancy restaurants, so what if he'll feel uncomfortable? God, Sammy, I'm losing my mind here!" he complained and Sam couldn't suppress the chuckle. It was kind of hilarious to hear his brother being self-conscious. Sam hadn't even known Dean could ramble like this.
"C-Castiel?" he then asks, recognition on his face, and I can almost see the huge 'oh shit' in his expression.
Looking at Dean with wonder, fork still in his mouth, Dean smirked at him knowingly. "Good, aren't they?" he asked smugly and Cas nodded eagerly.
He let me eat in silence.
"No! Michael, leave it!" he begged, shouting, trying to get past Michael's friends once again, but they pushed him to the floor carelessly. Castiel heard a
"But don't worry," he said, his voice even lower than just a second ago. "I'll make up for it now."
"Good luck, fellas," he said and pushed it.
I lightly press the knife against his throat.
Castiel then pulled out his dick, probably feeling uncomfortable now that he was getting soft again, and I turned in his arms, curling up in them.
"I have an idea," Dean announced, smirking and looking pretty damn confident.
"I- Yes," Castiel started and he looked so unbelievably confused that Dean couldn't help but feel bad for him. "Did I do it wrong? My brother told me that's what you say when you want to pick someone up at a bar and I just assumed he knew what he was talking about..."
for Castiel, Dean can literally feel his skin crawling. His stomach knows it, too, since it's tying itself into knots at the very thought.
"So Cas is, what? A doppelganger?" Sam guessed and Dean 'hmm'-d thoughtfully.
"So," Sam started again. "You promised I could ask a few questions?" he asked more than said and Cas nodded without hesitation. A deal was a deal.
doesn't love me, then who will?"
"Yeah, let's hope so," Castiel agreed tensely. He looked up at Dean. "Are you ready?" he asked and Dean nodded. "Okay then."
"I know you're not," Castiel agreed sincerely.
"Alright. Whatever it is you mean by 'your standards,' we're gonna get there, okay? Stop stressing about this so much, you can't change it right this second. And I'm gonna help you," he said encouragingly and Castiel looked up at him hopefully. Then he nodded.
"Uh... Meg?" he started, hesitating for only a second before stepping up to the counter slowly. Meg leaned forward attentively.
A sigh. "Well then, I suppose I'll take the first, you take the second one?" he suggested and Castiel nodded quietly.
And suddenly, Castiel knew what this was about. Of course Dean wanted to make sure Castiel kept quiet about their encounter. It hurt a little that Dean believed he would kiss and tell, but it was better to be safe than sorry he assumed.
"Oh, uh... Sure," I stuttered and got up to sit at the table. Dean and Cas sat down as well, leaving little space between each other and started shoveling in their pancakes.
When I was halfway done, Castiel suddenly stood up and came to sit next to me. I looked up at him questioningly, mid-bite, and let go off the pie.
me exactly, but it was a cute coincidence. The moment I passed his flat, the door opened and Castiel stood in front of me with his own laundry basket in his arms. He didn't seem surprised to see me, just greeted me with his usual "Hello Dean," and walked the rest of the way with me. I was excited to be walking next to him.
It was the next day when Dean cornered him against his locker a second time.
The woman in front of him now scoffed in exasperation and, waving her finger in front of his face, spit the words, "I want to talk to the manager," into his face. Not that the manager would tell her anything different. Still, Castiel was relieved that he'd at least get rid of her that way.
"No, he's not," I defended him instinctively. "Yes, he can be an ass and he makes me do a lot of work, but he told me many times that I'm his best worker. He likes me a lot, he's just... grumpy. And he promised to raise my wages soon, as a reward for working so hard," I told him, needing Castiel to see that Bobby wasn't taking advantage of the cheap worker that I was. Bobby loved me.
did he agree to this? That was the question Castiel kept asking himself while being shouted at in the middle of the store by an unhappy customer.
Nevertheless, it somewhat annoyed Dean.
Dean didn't know what to do.
Weirdly enough, it didn't stop at the car. Over the course of the next few days, Dean had apparently made it his mission to educate Cas on everything he deemed important. Whether it was cars, TV shows, food or music.
Even without my own help though, I was about to come within minutes. I was panting hard, forcing myself to stay still with everything I had. I was so close.
Dean nods heavily. "I'll see what I can do..."
"Okay," Cas replied and got to work. He picked it up, inspecting it for a second or two and then started twisting and turning the parts around. He was slow at first, but once he figured out how it worked, he got a lot faster.
Castiel thought.
The cut actually isn't all that deep but almost immediately pearls of blood are forming on my skin, the red color glowing beautifully. I dip my finger into the liquid, watching in awe when my finger is suddenly covered in red as well.
Castiel let out a shaky breath. "I know, you said my name, I just... I thought I wasn't... I thought you didn't want... I thought you weren't gay," he settled on saying and finally, he looked back at Dean. His gaze was full of hope but also a little bit of hurt. Dean knew that last part was his fault.
He got blown while skipping class? Only few people found out, if any at all. And if Castiel was in the room, not a single word would leave Dean's mouth. There was not a single time anyone had heard Dean brag in front of Castiel and no one was quite sure why.
to know. "Do you love me, too?" I forced out and Mom didn't even look up when she muttered, "Of course, sweetheart, you're my son."
compliments," he says and winks, and I can feel myself blushing furiously.
"Nope, still taking Balthazar," he then said, adding a wink afterwards.
I don't know what I feel. It's not pain, not really, because nothing hurts when you're as high as we are. Instead, a pleasant shudder runs down my spine and my eyes widen in surprise. I can hear my heartbeat thumping in my chest and suddenly, I know what's so amazing about those pills.
"You're... straight?" Castiel asked and his face was scrunched up in a mix of confusion and sadness. "But I thought... And you said the dates were great and you really liked me, and... I just hoped... Are you sure?"
Mom had a new boyfriend. And frankly, I didn't know what to think of him...
"Are you sure you'll be okay?" Mom asked, frowning at me, and I nodded quickly, cracking a reassuring smile. I couldn't make her stay home just because I was afraid of her boyfriend. I knew her boss, and if she didn't do as he said, that'd be the end of her career for sure. So I sucked it up and played the good little son, just like always.
I first heard about our new neighbor from Mom. The flat next to ours had been empty for around half a year, so when someone finally rented it, news travelled fast. Unusually fast, I noticed, which was probably thanks to the fact that the new guy was good-looking, apparently -- at least according to
"So am I, Dean," Castiel replied, beaming. "So am I."
"What's the knife for?" I ask, slightly worried but overall trusting Dean. He hasn't killed me so far, why would he do it now? Still, the sight of the knife makes me queasy.
"Cas!" Dean exclaims and hurries over, too relieved to recognize the warning signals Castiel is giving off. He's alright - that's all that matters.
"Fucking
"Hey, Asstiel!" Michael, the asshat, exclaimed when he walked by, having spotted him by coincidence, two of his friends in tow. God knows it was just Castiel's luck to have his favorite bullies finding his secret spot.
"You know what I'm gonna do to you first?" Castiel asked conversationally, letting go of Dean's arms and looking down on him predatorily. Dean was staring up at him with a blank look in his eyes, eyelids heavy, and his lips were parted slightly. The sight made Castiel's dick throb painfully. "I'm gonna fuck your mouth and then come all over your face," Castiel decided and got up on his knees, crawling forwards and stopping right above Dean's head. Gripping his dick and stroking it one or two times, he pressed his cock against Dean's lips.
Turning the corner, he slowed to a stop. Because there he was, standing with four of Castiel's most frequent bullies, leaning against the lockers without a care in the world. He was laughing at something Alastair had said, eyes crinkling and shining with amusement, and Castiel had the weird urge to know what had made him laugh like that. And if he himself could ever get Dean to laugh like that...
Instead, Amara set her jaw and balled her fists, holding herself back. She'd obviously decided she wouldn't hit the person of her affection.
"Ew," he replied and the search went on, this time with the occasional conversation commenting on their findings, and as much as it was disgusting, it was unexpectedly fun as well.
kissed me again.
"At least have the decency to tell me I'm right, Cas," Dean said quietly, when the silence became too much for him. As much as it hurt, he needed the affirmation.
It's the first time since I took that pill that I'm truly feeling good having sex.
"Come on in," Dean said, deliberately not reacting to the compliment. Castiel did so, taking off his jacket, and followed Dean into the living room where Jack was sitting on the floor, playing with his model trains. It was what he usually did when Dean's dates were coming over, probably because it gave him the opportunity to show his disdain by intentionally ignoring them. He was sneaky like that, and if Dean was being honest, he was kind of impressed by it.
I pushed the plate over to him, not wanting to waste the food.
Dean doesn't reply or look up. On the one hand because he doesn't want to and on the other because he can't. He's still breathing in and out as hard as a vacuum and the fact that Castiel can see him now isn't helping. Castiel seems to realize that he won't get anything out of Dean in this state, so he carefully sits down next to him and soothingly starts caressing Dean's back. "Whatever it is, it will be alright, Dean. You're alright," he mutters.
"Um, since the beginning?" Dean replied, cocking an eyebrow at my unbelieving expression. "What's going on, Sammy? You
The next thing that happened was that I stopped working at Bobby's. I used to love the job, I was good at it and I was bound to be successful later, but Castiel's constant reassurance made me realize that I deserved more than minimum wage for all the work I was doing. And Bobby knew that. So I confronted him.
Castiel and I moved a while later. I woke up to packed bags and a flustered looking Castiel one day, telling me to hurry up and get out to the car. Apparently, Mom had called the police on him when she saw me entering his apartment and staying the night. As soon as Castiel had found out, he'd started packing. Just like always, I didn't ask where he got the information.
As if that would still bother Inias at this point. Nevertheless, he nodded and turned to leave the room, already planning what he had to do to find the robot for Jimmy Novak. First, he had to find out which hospital he'd been delivered to.
"But, Mr. Metatron, sir..." the assistant tried to calm him down but the man didn't care to listen.
"No," I answer truthfully. "There was no one. School hasn't exactly been easy for me anyway."
Dean didn't bother replying and simply smiled instead, taking a huge bite. It tasted just as heavenly as it smelled. "Holy fuck," he cursed unattractively with his mouth full of burger. "So good."
Cas: "I love you with and without red hair, sweetheart."
On the fourth day after, Dean stayed home instead of going to work. He called in sick, not wanting to deal with people, or anything, really. He didn't even want to deal with himself, but sadly, there was no escaping there. Still, it was better to stay home for a day and figure it all out before he started going mad and throwing stuff around.
"You know, you're actually quite handsome," Dean mutters, realization in his voice. "I might just keep you," he announces and his gaze snaps up to mine, a smug twinkle in his eyes.
"Is... Is it true?" he then asks, avoiding my eyes for the moment. "Do you really like me?"
, sweetheart," Balthazar announced, pressed his lips to Castiel's cheek with an obnoxious kissing noise and stole one of his fries. Then he said, "Well then, see ya later, Cassie-boy!" and left them alone again.
those lips.
not a good idea. "You seem bored, Dean."
"Cas, could you put that fucking thing away for just one second?" he asked, impatient but not entirely unkind, from where he sat next to Cas on the couch. "It's annoying," he added.
The man looked him up and down.
Yes, he decided, destroying it was better.
When we passed Castiel's door, it opened suddenly.
The shameful encounter he'd suffered through yesterday couldn't be erased off his mind even now, replaying in his head over and over again and Castiel had been cursing himself violently ever since. It had been
Jimmy looked at him quizzically. "What the hell is Winchester Corp?" he asked.
"Oh, uh... That's great, I guess," I said, not knowing what kind of response Dean was hoping to get. "As long as Mom's happy, I'm happy," I added and Dean's gaze shifted again, that lustful gleam in his eyes that was gone in a second. I blinked.
"Yeah, well," Jack said, seeming a little surprised at Castiel's response. "You're the first man he's brought over anyway." He then continued playing with his trains as if the conversation was finished now.
No matter what he should or shouldn't be feeling though, Dean was on edge all day long, snapping at everyone who even dared to talk to him. And despite knowing he wasn't thinking rationally, Dean couldn't help but curse all these people for addressing him like it was just any other day. Because actually, it was exactly that, just any other normal day, and still, for some reason, Dean felt like it wasn't.
"Your new neighbor?" he asked, frowning in confusion. "Why would he say something like that? And why would you even talk to him about it?"
I didn't show up for work the next day. Or any day after that.
I didn't hear from him again...
to keep.
Despite all of Dean's affections, Castiel never actually thought about how maybe they had been dating all along. They never talked about being boyfriends, Castiel had simply assumed Dean wouldn't want them to be public, so it came as a huge surprise when Dean asked him to Prom.
The night passed slowly but after long hours, Cas noticed that it was slowly getting brighter again. According to the clock, it was sometime around six o'clock, which meant Cas had been sitting on the couch silently and unmoving for at least six hours since he'd last looked at the clock. It wasn't possible for him to sleep, but he could stay in a more or less trance-like state if he wanted to and that was exactly what he'd done.
Dean's heart started racing.
, Castiel thought. This had been supposed to be a punishment for Dean. A humiliating experience! Instead, Dean had taken it and made it his masturbatory fantasy...
"I would've," Castiel interrupted, surprising even himself with his words, and almost fell into the dumpster in his attempt to get back in front of Dean. Not that he wasn't already filthy and smelly.
The pain of rejection was almost worse than the shock of the realization that nobody's mind had ever truly been their own. Because who cared about stuff like that when Dean Winchester didn't like him back! There were times when he'd really believed he might...
He wondered what Castiel was doing at the moment. Balthazar and him were spending the night, meaning they'd share a hotel room, just the two of them... What if Balthazar actually liked Castiel and confessed his feelings in the dark of the night, and then they had sex until morning? Dean could feel his heart clenching at the thought.
"Then what's the matter?" Dean asked, touching Cas's hand hesitantly, and breathed out in relief when Cas didn't pull away.
I don't know what Dean does when he's not with me but since I'm under the impression that he doesn't have a lot of inhibitions about killing, I'm pretty sure it's not something I want to know. Maybe it's good that the rooms in the basement are more or less soundproof...
"So," the stranger says and raises his eyebrows at Dean. "Aren't you gonna introduce us?"
"I--" Dean started and stopped. Did he
It was Castiel. And he was staring at Dean, or rather at the bouquet in his hands.
"Stuck how?" he asked and closed his book slowly, putting it back on the shelf. Obviously, his attention had completely shifted to Cas now.
"Dean, did you think-" he started, his heart beating loudly. "Did you think we were dating?"
smile at him like that? How could anyone smile like that, period? It was a smile that could light up the sky, Castiel was sure of it.
He pressed the button.
"Ask her," Castiel then said. "Ask her and tell me you believe her."
because you're a needy boyfriend."
It's a man with a scruff, he's tall and bulky and wearing a baseball cap. I have never seen him before in my life. When his eyes meet mine, he stops in the middle of the room, eyeing me up curiously and frowning.
The man's head jerked up, his curly gray hair moving on his head agitatedly, and his face distorted into an ugly grimace. "250?" he asked, unhappy. "That's the population of a small city! It's not nearly enough," he decided and slammed his hand down on the desk for emphasis. It didn't do much except hurt his hand.
It was an awfully dull morning, Dean decided. Outside it was raining, the falling drops drumming a tiring rhythm against his bedroom window, and even the prospect of coffee didn't make him perk up like usual. It had gotten a little late yesterday. After the party his Dad had made him attend, he'd gone to a bar with his friend Benny to relieve some of the evening's tension with some drinks. He might've had one too many...
Sometimes, like today, work was a pain in the ass. Bobby had ordered me around all day, complaining about everything I didn't do and ignoring the things I did do. It was infuriating and annoying, but I guess that was just what Bobby was like. No appreciation and full on complaining, and at the end of the month a pay check that didn't make up for it all.
"You heard me though, right?" Castiel asked and looked down at me. "I don't want you to see Benny again."
But he didn't
avoiding you yesterday, but-- but not for the reason you might think..." he continued cryptically, his hand gripping Castiel's shirt to keep him from leaving. Not that he would've had to do that since Castiel was frozen, leg still halfway over the edge of the dumpster, staring up at Dean in alarm.
"I - guess I am," Dean said with some effort. He didn't know what else to say. 'Trying to sober up' probably wouldn't do much good.
His eyes met familiar blue ones.
"Now you," he mutters.
world domination."
"Engaged, actually," Cas said, wiggling his fingers at me, and both of them smirked brightly.
"Sammy? You coming to breakfast?" Dean yelled fifteen minutes later, ripping me from my thoughts.
"Do you--" I start and the tone of my voice makes Dean stop and look up. "Do you still have -- those pills?" I ask, gulping down my nervousness. Being bashful is of no use when it comes to Dean; if I want something, I need to tell him directly. And I
"Talking to who?" he wanted to know and I squirmed again, feeling
"Do you like that, Dean?" he panted, sheathing his cock up to the hilt and slamming back in a matter of moments. It was a relief Castiel didn't have to aim for Dean's prostate and could simply... well, fuck himself in him.
Dean shook his head vehemently. How could Castiel even think that?
"It can be like that all the time, angel," he says and his voice continues making me sleepy beyond belief. "It's easier if you don't fight it all the time. It'll feel better for the both of us."
Castiel didn't do anything though. He just waited for me to calm down, hand still gripping the base of my cock tightly and his other hand coming up to caress my face soothingly.
"Then get the hell on with it," Sam exclaimed impatiently.
"Thank you, I made it myself," Castiel mentioned and smiled knowingly. God, he was perfect, making a mean pie like that...
"Finally," Castiel sighed when he pushed the older man onto the bed, not a protest in sight. Standing at the edge of the bed, Castiel looked down on him with hunger in his eyes.
Dean grinned at his enthusiastic response, seeming content, but, remembering he was supposed to be skeptical of Cas, he forcefully hid his smirk by looking down at his own plate. He was glad Cas agreed though, pancakes truly were awesome. Also, he couldn't possibly start trusting someone who disliked pancakes.
Without hesitation, Castiel crowded Dean against the lockers, gripped Dean's face with his hands and pressed his lips against the other's passionately. A muffled noise of surprise escaped Dean's mouth when he realized what was happening but he seemed to be too taken aback to push Castiel away immediately. That realization had Castiel feeling a little too smug about himself and he boldly buried one of his hands in Dean's hair. God, he'd wanted to do that for so long...
He entered without hesitation.
He could have Dean all night after all...
Suddenly, the door to what Castiel assumed was a bedroom opened and a tall guy with shaggy brown hair stepped outside. When he saw the two men in the living room, he stopped in his tracks.
"I know," Dean said desperately and looked down at the floor, obviously ashamed of himself. His fingers tightened around Castiel's hand. "I know, okay? What I did was wrong, but... But the thought of seeing you with somebody else, hearing you think all those sweet things about someone that wasn't me, I just... I couldn't. It hurt too much. I'm sorry..."
Not long after, Dean got up as well, but unlike his brother he wasn't dressed yet, a robe hanging from his shoulders, leaving his chest and stomach free for everyone to see. He was wearing boxers underneath, which was the only piece of legitimate clothing on his body, and he seemed a little grumpy in general. His appearance was disheveled and Dean himself seemed disoriented.
"God, you're perfect," Dean said, taking in my body from where he was standing in front of the bed. I blushed under his intense gaze and tried to cover myself up, but Dean didn't let me. "Don't," he ordered and climbed onto the bed, hovering over me. "Don't
When Dean awoke the next morning, there was a new message on his phone. He didn't usually get texts from people other than Sam, and he didn't recognize the number, so he opened it curiously and squinted at the bright screen.
It was the next day -day number four- and I was mostly over my crisis from yesterday. So what, Dean had jerked me off, it wasn't like it was gonna happen again, right? I wouldn't let him do that to me a second time. ...Right?
Oh, damn. He'd really made Cas worry. Poor guy really didn't date much, did he?
"The dance we are going to attend together," Cas answered for Dean, seeming tired but happy.
When they eventually arrived at the checkout, Dean made Cas choose some candy for himself and then smiled contently when Cas hesitantly decided on some chewing gum.
It was during lunch when Dean started teasing me again.
"W-What?"
The rest of the week passed as if nothing had happened. The fight from before hadn't been mentioned again, things returning to normal as soon as Dean had calmed down.
"Okay, Sammy. Thanks for calling and... everything," he said. "I'll text you when it's over," he promised.
"Okay, you know what? You're right, I wasn't gonna tell you. But it doesn't have anything to do with you or my feelings for you," Dean said firmly, holding Castiel's eye defiantly. "Truth is, being a mind reader sucks. And being in relationships while you're able to hear everything the other's thinking about you, sucks even worse."
"Please, Dean, please, I need--" I muttered frantically, not knowing what exactly I needed but knowing
I feel so close to him in that moment, it's almost as if I could just climb inside of him and stay there forever.
After handing me the plate, all the while carefully keeping his hands away from my skin, Dean turns to leave the room but I'm reaching for him on instinct, hand in an iron grip around his ankle. He stops and turns towards me curiously.
Dean knows it's futile, that it doesn't make a difference either way, so he loosens his death grip on the toilet bowl for a second to click the lock open. It'll be easier for Castiel to get help if he's not locked inside a stall anyway, him passing out is after all a pretty likely outcome by now.
Dean scrolled through Jimmy's posts, his face screwed up in concentration. "Okay, you're not him," Dean then decided and turned his phone towards Sam and Cas again, showing them a picture Jimmy had posted half a year ago, when he was at a beach in California. It showed him running towards the sea, back strong, sunburned and
He knows he can't let it happen, can't let Castiel end up with the wrong person when he deserves better than that. He has to try and stop it, some way or another.
Grocery shopping, Cas decided, was one of the most confusing things he got to know so far.
"Hello Dean, come on in," Castiel said instead and stepped away from the door. Dean came inside, sending him a shy smile. "Nice house."
"I was planning to go upstairs. Why?"
Cas!?
"It doesn't matter whether someone was holding the fucking thing or not!" he suddenly exploded and stepped closer to Castiel. "It's your fault my back hurts something awful, so it's
He remembered countless nights spent watching Netflix, Dean knocking on Cas's door with intent and grinning at him when it was hesitantly opened. All Cas needed to see was Dean's smirk and he'd know what was up, and he'd roll his eyes, say, "Give me a second," and follow Dean into the living room where Dean had already picked out the next movie Cas simply
If only it wasn't pretend.
they were robots or not. And how could he possibly know that?
"Doesn't really matter, I guess," he said, so Castiel simply put it down in the middle of the living room and began unfolding it.
"I suggest we destroy it," Dean said but Sam hesitated.
Dean with Castiel's dick down his throat for the second time.
Trying to be inconspicuous, he put the small book in his lap down on the ground, pushing it underneath his backpack and letting the pen drop between his fingers. The last thing he needed was for Michael to find his -yes, he said it- diary.
It was true. Despite being Dean Winchester, future heir to Winchester Corp and son of John Winchester, he often jumped in for whoever was absent, doing whatever job needed to be done. Once, Dean had even helped out in the canteen when Ellen called in sick, and even though he almost didn't dare to admit it, he was surprised to see it wasn't as easy as he'd suspected.
"Hey, Cas, can I have your notes again?" Dean exclaims when he's within hearing range and comes to a stop in front of the two, effectively catching both of their attention.
Just because he felt like it, he stretched out his legs and trapped Castiel between them, engulfing the man's legs in a weird embrace of sorts and causing him to step closer towards him. Castiel went willingly. Once he was close enough for Dean's taste, Dean let his hands come to rest around his waist, legs still trapping Castiel against the table.
He continued looking around, trying to tune out the voices from the kitchen. Ignoring the brothers' fight was nearly impossible but Cas certainly tried.
It sounds muffled.
I stare at the slowly opening door in panic, eyes wide, anticipating to die in a few seconds, and my stare meets the handsome man's gaze involuntarily. I can't help but keep staring though, as much as I'd like to avert my eyes.
"Oh, and you had a delivery today," Meg interrupted his thoughts, a smug edge to her voice that he couldn't quite decipher.
But Dean still didn't let any of it get to him. He reveled in the attention, lived on with his not-so-secret-to-anyone-who-wasn't-oblivious boyfriend and had fun bragging about him having sex in school like he'd always done.
, no metallic cover in sight.
when I'm coming.
Cas was weirdly relieved. It was a small comfort that at least he hadn't forgotten about 30 years of his life. But then again, it raised the question, who was he if not Jimmy Novak?
Dean simply stares at me for a second or two, not quite getting what I was talking about, when it suddenly dawns on him.
Noticing Cas's gaze, Dean nodded at him and disappeared in the kitchen for a little while. He came back with a cup of coffee and sat down at the table alone. His eyes found Cas's again, the look in them evaluating and skeptical.
The second thing that made his week weirder than anything, was that Amara didn't so much as
Deciding that Dean deserved some kind of revenge at least, Castiel quickly slipped the little pill into Dean's own drink that was still standing on the table. Oh yes, he would show Dean what it was like to be drugged against his will. See if he liked that.
The one who had exposed him to the subject, of course, was Dean -- again.
those pills.
Reaching out with his hand, he quickly shut the cover on his back and hurried back the way they came from. He needed to find the control room as soon as he could and shut off the system if possible. There were too many doors...
Our kisses are sloppy, tongues sucking on each other's, strings of spit connecting our mouths together. It's amazing, with all of my senses heightened.
"I'm trapped in a parallel universe."
"No!" Castiel exclaimed and pushed further into Dean's space. "I haven't been with a single other person since that night at the party, I swear."
Hours later, there was a knock on his door, a questioning, "Dean?" sounding through. Dean sighed. He'd recognized the voice immediately.
"Mh-hm," the man made. "And if I ask Metatron about it, he'll be confirming what you're saying?"
kind of acknowledgement from Castiel. One word. But he couldn't think of anything.
