Castiel’s stomach leaps at the idea, his heart at the sudden surge of hope. It’s been so long without it…
Castiel looks at him, that earlier sadness returned. His lips part as if to answer, but the wolf howls again just then. Castiel glances into the wood then back at Sam and squints, frowning slightly.
Dean has gone slightly red, and his eyes flicker downwards for a moment. “We are talking bodies, not true forms or whatever,” he says. “Whatever your angel dick looks like doesn’t count, Mr. Chrysler Building.”
“You wouldn’t believe me.”
Ishim doesn’t seem to have noticed anything.
But then why had he spared Sam? Or…(and this thought is unsettling) why had he saved him?
he thinks wryly.
good at what I did. Got the promotion to captain within two years. Pissed a lot of folks like Zachariah off, of course. Upstart commoner and all that. Still, Michael liked me and I got results. That was good enough for most people.”
“Let’s just see if this place has any fucking heat.”
The North Wind scoffs. “Your blade can’t do more than discorporate me for a time.”
“Bobby knows his business,” Castiel says. “I’ll be fine.”
It’s almost a physical lash, the way the insult hits Sam, and he watches, slightly stunned as Dean turns away from them both and grabs his saddlebags and tosses them onto Impala, then mounts her.
Dean breathes slowly in to try and get himself back together and realizes too late how bad that idea is as he scents Cas again. For the first time ever, Dean suddenly feels
“Where’s the prisoner?” he demands, fingers tightening around the list in his hand.
“See you tomorrow,” Sam says.
"You remember that promise I made you?" Dean levels his sword, adjusting his stance, preparing for the fight. "Time for me to keep it."
“I know this place,” Cas says. He starts to lead the way.
Castiel puts his wings away soon after, once the heater has warmed up the cabin enough that they are no longer needed.
Dean shrugs.
They lapse into silence again, and Sam starts to feel sleep creeping up on him again.
Castiel nods and after a moment, he throws the cloak on the cage and has Sam and Bobby help him cover it up. The wolf is not best pleased, but quiets, only growling and snarling as it’s jostled along the road.
Sam nods, still staring at Castiel.
Castiel’s gaze flicks to Sam momentarily, then back to the wolf-hunter.
“He said that?”
“Thank you,” Castiel says. “For getting us here, and bringing us back together. You’re the truest friend and brother we could have.”
And now Dean is going to go into that fortress, kill the man who cursed them and destroyed their lives.
“Yes.”
When he crests the hill that overlooks that house and hears a scree-ing from above. Dean looks up, his heart leaping in his chest. He reigns in the horse, and tilts his head towards the sky, shading his eyes. He grins broadly, in joy and relief.
Dean laughs.
Finally he stands up and mutters. "I'll be in my room if you need me. And you’d better
"That’s a little too close for comfort,” he says to no one in particular, dropping his bundle of sticks. He unties the squirrel he caught, and sets it next to his soon-to-be firepit. Soon he has a fire going, and the squirrel is roasting on the spit.
“Fuck,” Dean swears. He yanks the crossbow up and readies it.
“It’s okay, you’re going to be fine,” he says, over and over. He doesn’t look at Sam but orders, “Get me a cloth or something.”
Dean stares up as the hawk flies up and out of the pit. He lets out a wordless shout of frustration and grief and curls into himself, shaking with too many emotions to name.
"What the fuck," Dean says exactly 11.4 seconds later. "Dude, this is porn." He reddens. "Porn about…" He makes a gesture. "Us."
With nothing to do but wait to find out exactly what the curse was so they could undo it, Sam and Dean had finished eating. Then they and Cas had gotten into the Impala, with the intent to find a nearby motel and wait for the fallout while they figured out how to break the curse and kill Boreas, Greek God, North Wind, Ardent Lover of Pecan Pie.
“Rumour has it, it killed a man a few days ago,” Ishim continues, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s reaction. “I aim to catch it and put it’s head on my wall. Would be quite the prize, don’t you agree?”
Sam rolls his eyes and sighs.
Dean looks at the other advisors as Zachariah approaches.
Sam grins. “I may have failed to mention to Dean that you kicked my ass a few days ago. Still, if you’ll allow me, I’ll take care of you another way.”
“Not for a wolf,” Castiel replies, closing to grapple Ishim. He
Dean turns his head sharply to look at Sam. His grip on Impala’s reigns tightens enough that she starts to slow down, but then he loosens and they continue trotting onwards.
Dean huffs out a laugh. "Yeah, thanks for that," he mutters and looks at Cas. "What? Angels can scent people too now? Ridiculous." Dean sits down on the edge of the bed.
Sam wrinkles his nose. “Same.”
But after spending so much time on earth (where time moves much more subjectively than it does in heaven), Castiel has learned what very well might be his least favorite human emotion: Boredom.
“Are you sure it will hold?” Sam asks doubtfully.
In lieu of a greeting Sam says, “Arf, arf.”
Sam grabs Dean's wrist instead and fricking sniffs him. Dean jerks back immediately. The water in the glass sloshes and falls to the floor.
Zachariah salutes again and leaves.
“Ishim was my commanding officer before I got a promotion. Not long after that, I took one that he wanted, and that outranked him. It left some bad blood between us. He and Dean…never got along.”
Dean hears that and shouts, “No!” fighting his two opponents with renewed vigor. One of the crossbow men changes his aim.
Castiel does try to go out to get more wood, but stops when he notices that the snow has reached a few feet deep. It would be foolish to open the door again. They’ll have to hope that what he’s already gathered will be enough to last them.
Dean straightens, his glare increasing.
“You need to understand, Dean was….his pet, his favorite soldier. The rest of the army-they’d nicknamed him The Sword. Dean was a weapon for Michael to use. He did not take well to Dean refusing him...anything. He sent another team, and they did the deed, but Dean remained locked up.”
Dean’s expression tightens for a moment, before he splashes on a cocky grin.
“What?” Sam asks.
“I assume there’s an explanation for this.” He offers his hand for the wolf to sniff in an attempt to soothe it, but withdraws when the wolf snaps at him and growls.
“Very well. In that case,” he brings his sword up and barks an order to the room at large. “Kill them!”
Castiel finishes, feeling both pleased with the fictional ending and suddenly much less content with his own.
“What, you want to share?”
Sam nods.
When he hears the faintest crunch of snow, he stands and turns quickly, his dagger already in his hand. When he sees Sam approaching, he relaxes and sheathes it, then picks up Dean’s cloak where it had fallen as he stood.
Dean snorts.
Not far down the road, there’s a small village, little more than a small collection of houses, but among them is a tavern with stables and a barn. Sam hesitates, but as the first drops of rain begin to fall, he makes his decision and rides towards the tavern.
Castiel looks at his boys, and smiles. “Yes. It is.”
“Sure I do.” Dean makes a face at him, trying to look grumpy and annoyed. “I mind a lot.”
Sam snaps to attention at the sounds of shouting. Dean and Cas, it has to be. He heads straight for the door. The guards there look at him suspiciously as he approaches
Cas-hawk finds them eventually, and lands on Dean’s upraised arm. Dean mutters nonsense to him as he ties on thin leather jesses and slips on a hood. Cas-hawk protests a bit, but settles, and Dean gently moves him to a perch on the cart. Then Dean settles back against the cart, and continues to wait.
“Mhm?”
Castiel is trying, desperately, to grab hold of the thrashing wolf. He’s managing to keep its head above water, but only just barely. Another minute, one wrong thrash and the wolf will sink.
“Not hell,” Cas corrects, and he is as pleased as a cat.
“Yeah, we guessed,” Dean says, gesturing to the darkened room. “Looks like we don’t have heat.”
“No it ain’t. There’s records of something like that happening before, when the sun-”
“Then let’s just say that… that he took a liking to me, and we’ve been together ever since.”
“No, but I'm not following you either.”
Then, when he runs out of Sam’s works, he clicks the relationship tag "Castiel/Dean Winchester” and begins to read through those as well.
Bobby growls, exasperated.
"Cas," he says, unable to find any other words.
Bobby rises and lays a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I’m truly sorry you got involved with this. But I fear you may be trapped in this tragic tale with the rest of us.” He leaves, walking outside.
“Thanks.”
There on the cot, in place of the hawk, is Castiel, an arrow sticking out of his shoulder. His eyes are closed and his teeth gritted as Bobby dabs some sort of black paste around the wound.
Dean gives him a pleading expression.
He looks down, kicks at the straw littering the floor. It’s cold in the barn and his clothes are damp from the rain outside. He shivers.
They make out, hands running under shirts and touching skin, and both groan in appreciation.
“Why does this matter so much? What did the general actually do to you?”
“I know you Dean, and something’s not right with you. And then there’s Castiel and this revenge mission of yours. Just tell me, because what I’m thinking right now is already pretty unbelievable.”
“He didn’t say anything. Other than that...well, it was after dark, so I couldn’t really see much. Dark hair like a bird’s nest, intense eyes. That’s about all I could see in the dark.”
“Oh, that. A man has things he has to take care of Sam. Or are you expecting me to leave you a note whenever I need to piss in the middle of the night?”
The sun sets.
Castiel tilts his head, his frown deeping. "No, it's not nothing... you... smell different."
Sam and Dean share a look with each other, one that says, Damn aren’t we lucky. They grin at each other, all tension between them evaporated for the moment.
“You held him long enough for me to kill him. But that’s not what I meant.” Castiel looks up from the fire. “Thank you for this night. Taking me to that tavern. For a good night and good company. It’s been years since I spent a night as pleasant as that, Ishim aside.”
“Yes.”
Sam raises an eyebrow, surprised as much at the choice of words as Dean’s giving in.
“I know. And you really are better off not knowing, trust me. At least stay and help me eat this.”
Cas likes holding Sam, and closes his eyes as he lays curled around the hunter. He breathes in the scent of Sam’s hair, which still retains a few traces of the shampoo the hunter favors. Castiel likes it. He resists the urge to bury his face in his hair, not wanting to disturb him. He does give in to another impulse though, letting his lips brush ever so lightly against the back of Sam’s neck. Sam sighs in his sleep and tightens his hold on Cas’s arms.
“He’s a big one.” The man grins as he examines the beast. He prods the wolf with the tip of his spear and it growls and snaps at him. “I’ve never had the pleasure of killing a wolf before.”
The hawk comes back while he does this, perching in a nearby tree. It tilts its head and makes a high pitched noise at him.
“What’s one more day?” Sam asks.
He stops, pulling on the reins. Impala stops trotting. Sam sees the camp ahead at the same time and stops his mount.
Dean bursts into the war room, finding Michael surrounded by his advisers and a few aides. Zachariah stands at his side.
The guard sighs loudly.
For the first time ever, Dean decides to actually do something about it.
“My apologies sir, but I come bearing urgent news.” Zachariah pauses. “Captain Winchester has returned."
Dean looks at them again, expression hard. “Don’t follow me. I have enough enemies to deal with in front of me.”
Dean opens his mouth to say yes, but then Sam comes in again, and he shuts it. Sam wants Cas. And Cas wants Sam. But Cas also wants Dean. And Dean has wanted Cas for so long he’s forgotten when it started.
Dean dodges Zachariah's charge, whistling for Impala. She turns and runs down Zachariah's mount, teeth bared. She snaps at Zachariah's leg and he jerks, throwing his horse off balance. Dean takes the opportunity to grab hold of his ankle and yanks him out of the saddle, throwing him to the ground. He levels his sword at the captain's throat.
he prays desperately.
"Zachariah. How do Michael's boots taste these days?"
“Most likely.”
Castiel looks around and sets himself at a table against the wall, where he can see the whole room.
“How’s your shoulder?” Sam asks, breaking the long silence. They’ve been riding for an hour, not a word spoken between them.
“It’ll help pass the time,” Dean agrees.
The curse is starting to itch faintly. They only have a few more minutes. Castiel grits his teeth and shoves.
be the top.”
news?”
“It’s a long story.”
They are both tired now, panting with effort, but this. This is where he thrives, devoid of hope, filled with rage, at the last minute. Zachariah lunges, and Dean sees his opportunity. He yanks his dagger out of his belt and stabs upward just in time.
They trade lingering kisses and morning orgasms, before finally rising to tear down their camp.
“Have a good day, Sam,” he says, rising.
“Yeah,” Sam sighs. “The way today has gone? I doubt that.”
“Is there some reason we can’t do that?”
Soon though, biological necessity forces Dean to leave, heading off to brave the cold cabin bathroom.
Dean sighs, and Bobby eyes him but doesn’t talk.
“I’ll see what I can do.” He gets up and follows Dean outside.
“Thank god,” Dean says. “Another day in this place and I would consider burning it down.”
Castiel looks down at himself, recalling the point of this. He was not wrong; his vessel is larger than Dean’s in this respect, but that didn’t matter when this began, and it matters even less now.
Two more steps, then Sam springs to grab and Castiel rushes forward, dagger raised and ready.
“Drop it, Sam,” he says, voice a low growl. “And don’t you dare mention this to Cas.”
Zachariah fidgets slightly.
Michael's face is no longer furious. He looks between them, apparently resigned to his defeat.
“Later,” Bobby growls. “If you hadn’t noticed, I’ve got an injured man here, so either make yourself useful or get out.”
They return to their horses, walking in subdued silence. Once their mounts are collected, they walk rather than ride, and look for a place to camp for the remainder of the night.
They talk intermittently, sharing their lives and experiences of the past few years, and fall into a comfortable silence in between that. It’s good just to be together.
Dean nods, wrapping his arms over Cas’s, holding him there.
Sam pulls Charger to a stop and looks at Dean.
Castiel feels like he is glowing, physically. His core, his grace feels brighter, and he's sure it must be showing through his physical body.
“We aren’t that close,” Dean cuts in, afraid of the path this is taking.
Cas is prevented from exploring further with his mouth by Dean’s own shirt, and pulls back.
"You can rot in hell, you son of a bitch," Dean says, and he swings.
Castiel wants to protest, because it’s been at least thirty, but movement on the horizon catches his eye. He squints for a better view, to make sure.
They travel in silence the rest of the day, that undercurrent of resentment between them making even light conversation difficult.
He picks himself up, cursing, and stares at the horse in startled recognition. The horse snorts at him.
“It’s really us,” he says. “I missed you.”
Castiel is too comfortable and warm and sated to want to move. He is not ready to let Dean go until he has to. This is just another bodily fluid and those are easy enough to deal with, so he spares a bit of grace and vanishes it away.
“I can't hold him, Cas,” Sam says. “Hurry up.”
“You can sleep in the barn, over there,” the man says, nodding to a ramshackle building close to the edge of the clearing.
Castiel makes as if to shrug again then remembers himself.
Castiel turns to look at him.
“He’s good. He wanted me to pass on a message: he loves you.”
Wounded, unwilling to admit it, Dean glares at Sam.
Every touch they share as they pass the food back and lay out the bedroll to sit on is heated, and lingering. Anticipation builds in them, buzzing under their skin.
They’ve left the forest a ways and found a hill that faces the west, and are digging a pit they hope will get the dawnlight slower than other ways. A lake nearby is still covered with ice
"Parts of it."
“Should this prisoner escape, it would be seen as a weakness, a flaw in our defenses that our enemy might try to exploit. The war is not going well for us, you know this. This prisoner might be the stray spark that ignites a full seige.”
Dean thinks and thinks. Then when Sam finally goes uses the bathroom, he and Cas are alone and it’s his chance. Dean asks, not looking at Cas. “So. I couldn’t help but notice that you and Sam were, uh, close, earlier.”
Dean shrugs and offers a final strip to the hawk who considers it then turns its head, clearly rejecting the strip.
Cas raises his eyebrows.
“We can stay in here,” Sam tells him. “I’d keep an eye on the charcoal burner though. Might be the type to rob us blind in our sleep.”
“They became friends...and, eventually, lovers.”
Dean comes in and looks at the blankets in disgust. “Seriously, how is our luck this bad?”
“A few days after they were cursed, Dean showed up at my door, a hawk on his arm, and begged me for help. You can imagine my surprise, when just before sunset he bolted out the door, and I saw him transform into a wolf, turned to find the hawk had become a man.” Bobby shakes his head. “In all my days I had never heard of such a thing.”
And Castiel says "Yes",” short and fast.
Cas actually smiles properly, one corner of his mouth lifting up. “Us. The three of us. You don’t have to worry,” he says, and kisses Sam.
Sam grimaces, grief tinging his thoughts.
“Sorry Bobby,” Sam says, chastised, and heads out to watch the water. When it finishes boiling, he takes the kettle to Bobby.
"New orders, Captain. Capture the brother and bring him back here. We may yet snare our wayward captain once more."
Cas looks at him, surprised.
Sam kisses him, and when Dean walks in, Sam doesn’t stop until Dean coughs. Then Sam does suddenly feel a little embarrassed, but it seems to be okay.
He turns to Captain Marquet.
“When the wolf attacked, you were gone.”
“I will,” he promises. He slips out of the room.
“I barely did anything in that fight.”
“You saw him again? Did he talk to you?”
The wolf howls again, still far too close. Sam checks the crossbow beside him, making sure he’s ready should it decide to try for him. Something rustles in the forest behind him. He jumps and turns, but sees nothing.
"Yes, I had noticed."
The bruises and ache in his shoulder from where it had hit the ground while grappling the charcoal burner tells him that that at least was real. He’s still not sure about the wolf and the man. There had been something so odd in that interaction. Vicious wolf turned to pleading pup. Unless perhaps the man had set the wolf on the charcoal burner?
“Shit,” Sam swears.
Sam expects them to be stopped by someone, but no one does. Dean nods at the guards at the main entrance and the four of them walk straight on through.
Dean knows Cas saw him, though, and the angel hadn’t looked guilty, but...pleased. As if he was fine with Dean seeing that, even though he was supposed to be with Dean…
“It will come,” Bobby says, interrupting Dean’s brooding. “Give it time, boy.”
Morning comes, and the wolf changes into Dean. Bobby hands him clothes through the bars, then they ditch the wagon and, with a hood hiding Dean’s face from those they pass, find a discreet hiding place not far from the entrance to the main keep.
“He’s not wrong,” Dean says, coming to join his brother behind the other wing. “They really are awesome.” He too touches the feathers, a lighter touch than Sam’s.
“Leave this to the general,” Sam advises the men he faces. “You heard what has been said. Michael is a sorcerer, and he did terrible things. You know them, do you really think they would betray a
Sam doesn’t move. “I’m innocent, you know.”
Dean stands and turns, and thrusts the bundled bird at Sam.
It’s mid morning when Dean shows up at the house on the stolen charger, hawk perched on his arm.
Sam agrees.
“Part of the plan to get you both into Aquila,” Bobby says. “We’ll tell you the rest on the way.”
He rescinds that thanks two seconds later, as he realizes this is just some sort of courtyard. He curses.
Castiel tilts his head.
They grapple for it, the charcoal burner strong from his work. Sam is about to gain the upper hand, when a loud snarl comes from nearby. Both men freeze, and turn to see a huge black wolf headed straight for them. They spring apart in opposite directions, scrambling to escape the beast.
Castiel turns his head to look at Sam.
It takes Dean a moment to get his meaning, and he flushes pink as soon as he does. Castiel is expecting Dean to stutter something and leave, but to his surprise, Dean nods, accepting the challenge. “Okay. Fine.”
When he’d come to and found the camp, he’d been expecting to find Sam there, had been looking forward to talking to him again. But instead, there wasn’t even a sign that the younger Winchester had been near, only the firewood and camp set up as Dean always left it for him. Cas wonders what went wrong.
“Charger,” he says.
Castiel rests a moment, then carries the cold-stunned wolf into the pit, kicking aside the boughs that had been meant as cover. The wolf whimpers and struggles some, but Castiel manages to get him into the pit. The wolf whines, but stays laying on his side, panting heavily.
Just as well, too, Dean thinks, a bit annoyed. More false hope, more wasted time.
When the road swings towards the moat, Bobby slows and halts the horses. As the cart stops, Sam and Cas both slide off it.
Sam does not sleep well, but he does sleep. When he wakes up, he thinks the events of the previous night must have been a dream. Surely none of that had actually happened.
“Did you hate him?”
Dean notices and looks up. “Jesus, Cas. You can't help with this. Just leave me alone, okay?”
“Get him!”
“Escaped,” the limping man says, his voice hoarse. “Stole my armor.”
"Nothing."
, that Castiel finds himself reacting to them, warmth growing inside his vessel, increasing blood flow to his lower regions.
The hawk is perched on the fence post by the horses. Sam looks at it.
Sam rides almost directly up to the door and slides off the black mare, hawk carefully cradled in one arm. He bangs on the door.
"Sam?" the rider asks, clearly astonished.
“Both,” Dean says darkly.
ever going to tell me?”
You, is the answer Dean thinks without prompting. He means to shove it back but can’t. He knows he didn’t speak, but perhaps Cas read his mind, because he seems to understand. Dean can’t make this move, it’s too big.
Bobby is stopped when he reaches the bridge to the walled city. Two guards stand at the bridge, and one comes over.
“He misses you.”
Castiel flicks his eyes to Dean then and nods as he steps back.
The sad smile again.
“Don’t wait so long this time,” he says gruffly.
Dean opens his mouth then, surprisingly, he laughs. “Fuck. It is, isn’t it.”
Cas resists the urge to look at his boys fondly, not willing to give the god any opening. “Love,” he says simply, letting the wind take that as he may. “And for that, I thank you. “
“Good to see you again, boy.”
“Aquilan soldiers,” Dean mutters. “Just what we need.”
“I’m just going to check on whatever that is,” he says cheerfully, and reaches for the handle of the door, pulling it open a few inches.
“My quarrel is with Michael and him alone. Leave, and I won’t kill your miserable ass.”
"Has he indeed?" And if Winchester has returned...Michael wonders. “Was there a hawk?”
“Good. It wouldn’t change anything if you did but...good.”
Cas raises his own, and their hands meet.
Zachariah swallows.
Cas’s eyes crinkle and he brings a hand to stroke Dean’s face. Dean leans into it, and then pulls Cas into a kiss. It's brief, but it’s pleasant, and Cas seems happy.
Day without night. Night without day.
"Dean! Stop!"
“Clothes off?” Dean says, grinning, already pushing Cas’s shirt up, slowly, letting his hands drag over Cas’s sides.
“Well, uh, that part missed you too,” Dean says, unable to suppress a moan, or the way his hips jerk instinctively.
“You bloody-” the guard starts, and Sam gets him in a headlock. With one hand he rips off the man’s helmet and then squeezes tightly around his now-exposed throat, grappling the man as they both topple to the floor.
Dean eyes them, and looks around.
“Or one of you can take the other blankets and I will wrap the other in my wings,” Cas suggests, when Dean fails to properly respond in time.
Sam stares. He looks around, but the pieces have already fallen into place. All of the strangeness of the past few days. Why Castiel only shows up at night, why Sam, now that he thinks about it, has never seen the hawk at night.
“I think it will work,” Sam says, oblivious to Castiel’s increased heart rate. “I’m positive.”
Sam grins, and Bobby grunts in satisfaction.
“I’m here,” Castiel says.
Sam considers him, and looks at Dean.He shrugs, casual but clearly interested as well. Sam gestures for Castiel to join them. Dean scoots over so there is enough space between them for the angel to sit.
“Yes.”
Castiel breathes heavily as he looks down at the corpse, then turns to search for the black wolf. He stands distant, hackles still raised, but no longer growling. Castiel watches the wolf and  wolf-Dean watches him, until Sam moves. The wolf startles and runs off.
he thinks, and closes his eyes to try and sleep.
Castiel looks out the window, apparently done talking.
Dean sighs.
Castiel considers his answer. Saying that it is, in a way, a fantasy fulfilled would send Dean running. He also thinks he should avoid mentioning the interesting effects it has on his vessel, but Dean does need an answer. He settles for the reason he had had when he began reading a few hours prior. "Curiosity. I was not aware until now that Chuck's novels had sparked so much artistic outpouring."
"What question?"
“I’m not an enemy,” Sam says, still not moving. “Was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
For a horrible second, Castiel wants to fall to his knees, then the anger and rage returns. He stalks towards Ishim.
Cas pulls back once more, moving to kiss Dean just below the ear. “I love you, Dean Winchester,” the angel says, kissing his way down the hunter's throat and back up.
“That’s exactly what Dean said about his hawk.”
Only one dares attack him. Bobby fends him off.
“God, you’re beautiful like this,” Dean says, running a hand through Cas’s hair. Cas’s eyes close slightly and he starts to go down again, but Dean grips tighter and tugs him upward. “But if you do that, I’m not going to last at all.”
“It’s over,” Castiel tells him. “All of it. It's done. You are done.”
“There there,” he whispers. “You’re safe now. Everything is going to be fine. I promise.”
Dean stares a moment too long, paralyzed by the thought,
On this particular night, Castiel is attempting to avoid the pitfalls of boredom with the use of a laptop and the internet. Sam, however, has been kind enough to lend him his laptop. Without anything else to occupy him, Castiel begins to look through Sam's various internet bookmarks.
Before Sam can ask him to elaborate on that peculiar comment, Castiel turns back to him and asks, "How is Dean?"
“Stop following us.”
“He’s out there,” Castiel says. “Follow that sound, and you’ll find your brother.”
“I’ll have to take your word on that.” He pauses a moment, then asks, “How is Dean? There was a fight, wasn’t there? Is he-”
“Thank you,” Sam says, and makes a mental note to keep a careful eye on their valuables.
After a few minutes, they lay down and curl together, arms wrapped around each other.
“Thank you?” He tilts his head, studying Sam. “What’s wrong?” he asks, then understanding dawns, but Dean comes out at that point and they don’t get a chance to talk until just before bed.
He's in a meeting with his advisors discussing an ongoing siege when noise begins to filter from the hallway. Some of the advisors look up, and around, but the council continues on. The bells have not yet rung, so whatever the ruckus is, it’s being handled.
“Oh shut up,” Dean says, annoyed. His expression changes, becoming guarded. “So. You know then.” Sam nods. “Bobby told you?”
“How?”
“I don’t know,” says Cas, and Dean can hear the effort it’s taking Cas to say those three simple words. The angel sounds almost helpless. “Perhaps when my father remade me…” Cas looks away, and seems to be fighting himself. He lets out a noise between a growl and a whine. “I...
Castiel makes a couple more trips outside to get more firewood, then joins the brothers by the fire. The Winchesters huddle near it, blankets draped over their shoulders and laps. Castiel settles behind them .
“Can’t I do both?” Castiel glares. Ishim smirks. “Relax, Castiel, I’m just making conversation. Just curious about why two of Michael’s most loyal would suddenly desert. What’s the story there?”
The room is very quiet for a few minutes before Dean says, sounding thoroughly taken aback, “Dude.”
“No. Leave it Cas, just...get out, okay?” Dean pulls at his shirt again, before dropping his head into his hands. “Stupid, stupid genes. Stupid Sam getting to be a stupid beta…”
“We...” Castiel’s throat feels dry. Why does it feel dry? “We should probably be closer. If we want to resolve this. Properly.” He barely keeps his voice steady, and he’s not sure about his face. The line is not subtle at all, and it’s clear that Dean knows it as well.
Dean kills his opponent, and has two more to deal with. He dismounts and meets them on foot.
Dean and Sam exchange a glance, but they join Bobby, Sam on the wagon and Dean riding Impala as they ride with as much haste as they can manage towards Aquila.
“You should take the blankets,” he says. “It’s Sam’s turn.”
The sun is completely unshrouded by the time they reach the cart and horses. Castiel tilts his head towards the sky a moment, eyes closed, then opens them and turns to Sam.
A soft expression spreads over Cas’s face, and he looks down briefly as if to hide the smile.
Castiel sighs, but he nods and agrees. Sam scrambles up, and he just manages to fit. Castiel helps boost him up until Sam’s fully in the tunnel. Castiel pushes until Sam stops moving, then just stands there at an awkward angle, arms partially inside the drain, preventing Sam from sliding back down as he fiddles with the grate.
“I hope that was okay,” Sam says, when it’s clear that Dean isn’t in the room. He doesn’t say what, though, just in case, and keeps his voice low.
“Bobby told you.”
“I'm surprised that worked,” Castiel tells Sam, breathing heavy for a moment. He looks around, then starts tugging off his sewer-ruined shirt, the itch stronger. Castiel recognizes the layout of the walls, if not the courtyard itself, if it can be called a courtyard.
“Cas.” Dean doesn’t mean to say it. But he’s getting hotter and hotter and Cas looks so good and Dean hates how this day is going. He stops just in front of the angel, barely aware that now
Dean nods. “Let me know if you see him again.”
“Is there anyway I can help?” It’s suddenly more important than ever to help Dean, to take care of him.
“I do. We just have to convince that idjit not to kill Michael.”
“Why don’t you ask him yourself? He’ll surely be back by dawn.”
Cas nods. “How is Dean?”
Cas hums, the rumble of his chest something Sam can feel against his back.
Castiel turns from his vigil.
Cas stares at the light reflecting on his hands for a long moment, tilting them this way and that. Then he looks up and lets out a soft exclamation, half laughter, half relief. He takes a few more steps towards Dean.
Three years of living in the woods has given Castiel a light foot. He’s attuned to the nuances of forest life, and follows the silence as well as the subtle tracks left by Ishim. It’s slow going to follow the hunter, but while Ishim is good, he is not good enough.
Zachariah attacks, footing regained. Dean drops his sword, and they grapple, turning.
“Shut up,” Dean says around a mouthful of pear. Then he points his fork at Sam. “And you shouldn’t talk. I saw you flashing those puppy dog eyes at him.”
“It’s really broken. It’s really over.”
Shaking his head at the pointlessness of such wonderings, Sam climbs down the ladder. Dawn has broken already, perhaps two hours ago. Outside, Sam finds Dean sitting by the fire pit outside, eating some hard bread and a few strips of jerky.
Cas takes a bedroll, tying it so it rests against his back, and has Dean grab food supplies, then leads him up a hidden deer trail that goes up and around. At one point they have to climb up and over a series of small ledges.
Sam and Bobby watch him go. A moment later, the hawk flies after Dean, and they watch him go as well.
“Good. You deserve happiness, you know. Both of you.” Sam hesitates, his mouth partially open as if about to say something then he changes his mind.
"One day," he swears to himself. "One. Day."
“They’ve got stew too, and we’ll get that in a few minutes once the barmaid can get to us.”
Dean glances at him, brow furrowed in confusion.
“Bobby has a theory about that. It’s silly but...wolves and hawks-they mate for life. Maybe that’s what we sense. Or maybe it’s just the curse, the magic binding us. I dunno. Doesn’t matter though.”
Sam doesn’t watch. He runs into the barn, the man’s screams and the wolf’s snarling in his ears until the screams suddenly cut out. Silence descends.
Michael tilts his head thoughtfully.
All of this wanting poured into this kiss. Castiel takes and takes, as much as Dean is willing to give, consuming lips and tongue. Dean’s hand stutters in shock, but he kisses back, answering the angel’s own passion. Dean’s free hand guides one of Castiel’s to join his in circling their cocks.
“No,” Castiel says, closing the distance.
For a moment as they stare, Castiel becomes very self conscious of his wings. Burned, partially torn, with whole sections of feathers missing, they are not pleasant to look at. He begins to draw them out of sight behind his back, but no. He brought them out for a reason. And besides... the looks on the brother’s faces are not of horror or pity. They seem to be...amazed.
Castiel makes a mental note to look up this musical, and turns back to his reading. He expects Dean to either leave or attempt more conversation. It's too late for him to do much more.
Slitted amber eyes look at him from half closed lids, but there’s no understanding in them. Castiel closes his own eyes and presses his forehead to the wolf’s.
Cas pulls back with a frown. “You know I don't understand your references.”
"Ishim."
Sam wakes in the morning to find Dean snoring on the other side of the fire. Sam stretches and goes to answer the call of nature, then returns looking for food. He finds some strips of meat and sets them aside, taking one to chew on for a breakfast of sorts.
Castiel tilts his head to the sky just for a moment. The itch is stronger now, feathers prickling under his skin.
“It’ll hold,” Bobby growls. “Now come on, we’ve still got to get to the damn fortress.”
Cas’s expression flickers rapidly between confusion, surprise, nervousness, before settling on something like longing.
“It’s not important.” He changes the subject. “Nice place isn’t it?”
Sam nods, and puts a hand on his shoulder briefly. Cas looks up at him, startled by the contact.
They just smile and smile and smile at each other for a long moment, completely forgetting their audience. Dean leans forward, Cas readily meets his lips. They kiss long and slow, three years’ worth of heartache and longing needing to be released.
“Must you keep poking me in the liver?” Bobby demands after the fifth such jab from Sam’s elbows.
Dean nods slightly, glancing at the hawk briefly. His lips curl and his expression lightens as he turns his attention fully on Sam.
“I will find my own way in.” He presses his heels to Impala’s sides and canters off.
“It’s so bright,” Cas explains, when he catches Dean looking at him. “And there are so many colors. I’d forgotten.”
"It's nothing okay? Nothing." Dean says, rubbing his neck and pulling at his collar.
“Sorry. Shouldn’t have brought it up.”
Checking that no one has seen him emerge, Sam wraps his arms around himself and sets off away from this cursed place.
Castiel kisses his cheek.
,” Dean replies. They’re arched together, and Caa stares up at him, in wonder and awe and love. His mouth forms an O and his eyes close for just a second, but he forces them open to stare up at Dean as he comes, spilling over their joined hands.
Then the light strikes Castiel’s hand.
Castiel nods, turning back to focus on the road. “I always liked it when you camped here. There’s a path up. I want to show you.”
The ride is tense for Sam, but the distance is not as much as he expected. There’s still a sliver of light on the horizon when he reaches the cottage.
All of it is fascinating, and Castiel can see how a species that thrives on stories would want and use a site that caters to them.
"Oh, that's just fucking fantastic," Dean mutters, reading the article with increasing horror. This cannot be happening to him.
“The thanks is letting you live,” Castiel says. “But if you ever come near the Winchesters again, it will be the last thing you do.”
“You had to piss off a weather god, didn’t you,” Sam gripes at Dean, rubbing at his clothes and peeling off his snow-soaked jacket. “Did you really need that piece of pie?”
Bobby and Sam finish off their opponents, one dead, the other surrendering when he sees his general defeated for the second time that day. Together, they turn to watch the rest of the drama unfold.
“Perhaps. You are the only one who has ever escaped from there, you know. You can get me back in.”
Yet, the name does seem to mean something, because although the man doesn’t move his arms or even give the slightest bit of room for Sam to maneuver, surprise registers on his face.
As soon as the three of them are on solid land, they lay there, panting for a moment. Then Sam starts shivering. Bobby grunts, and goes to help him up.
Cas goes to the window.
“I will.” Sam taps his heels against Charger’s side and rides off.
“Is that your wolf?” Sam asks.
“Wait,” he says and grabs Dean’s sword and the rope from the pit. He ties it and hands it to Sam, who wraps it around his waist before he splays himself and begins to crawl on the ice towards the hole.
Dean stalks forward, backing Zachariah up till he’s pressed against the war table.
The barb hits its mark, and Bobby's face hardens. Dean turns and looks at Sam next.
They slide into the water, and swim towards the castle, aiming for the stretch of wall where the drain that had been Sam’s escape  a mere week earlier was.
Straight across the ice.
“Oi! You!” The call is directed at him, and hurried footsteps follow him.
“It will be alright,” Cas says again. This time, Sam is more inclined to believe him. To have faith.
The two men circle each other, each looking for openings. Dean feints to the right, watching Zachariah’s feet to see if the knight takes the bait. As soon as the other man shifts, Dean throws his shoulder forward, slashing at Zachariah’s knees, making him dance back out of range. Dean takes the advantage and harries him around the room.
“I can’t do that!” Bobby says, aghast.
They pass through a tiny hamlet just outside the woods of Aquila, and pause to refresh the horses. Sam buys an apple from a man on the side of the street and offers it to his new charger, which happily accepts the bribe.
“For a very long time, I thought the same. I was...pleased when that wasn’t the case. Surprised, but…” Castiel trails off, and looks a little distant, fondness in his eyes. “He thought I hated him at first. He was a good fighter and his men loved him, but he took so many risks...but that was part of his value to the general, why
“Yes. Dismissed.”
“You could say that,” Sam says. “You wouldn’t happen to have a weapon I could borrow?”
Sam, however, is stiff in Cas’s arms at first. “Are you sure,” he mouths, turning to the angel, not daring to speak out loud. There’s barely enough light for him to see Cas’s face, but he knows that doesn't bother the angel.
Dean looks up, seeing through broken glass how the sun is fully covered now, too late, far, far too late. The bells tolling outside aren’t an alarm, they’re a death knell.
“Not really. Last night was…” He exhales, words failing for the moment. Dean offers him some bread and Sam accepts it. “The charcoal burner did try to rob us,” he says, glancing down at the bread as he tears off a piece. “But then this huge black wolf attacked.”
Buoyed by such thoughts, he crosses the few miles and comes to the outskirts of the town relatively quickly. He doesn’t enter the town proper, all too aware that the bells would have alerted the townsfolk and any lingering guards to his escape. Instead he sneaks around the edge of the village, where he’s less likely to run into anyone.
Castiel stretches a hand out, Dean mirroring the motion. Castiel opens his mouth, ready to speak. Barely an inch separates their fingers.
Castiel huffs, but follows. Yet another
“There were nights I missed this part of you in particular,” Cas confesses, as he wraps a hand around Dean.
“I’ll do it,” Sam says, rolling his eyes as he unwraps the blanket and passes it to Dean. “I’m sure it will be very effective.”
“What makes you think we’d ever join you again, after
“He’s fine,” Sam says. He doesn’t think it would help if he mentioned Dean’s own wound. “He fought well.” Sam hesitates. “You don’t remember anything?”
“That and a barrel of mead. Since when did ‘I’ll be back in a few days’ become six months?”
Bobby takes the hawk and peels open the blanket a bit. The hawk shrills and Bobby’s eyes widen at the sight of the arrow.
His head is full of Cas and the loss suddenly made new, even as he focuses on Bobby and demands, “Was that your idea?”
Castiel slumps back onto the bed, clearly exhausted. Bobby finishes his wrapping and stands up with a grunt. He looks at Sam and gestures to him to follow. “Let him rest a bit,” Bobby says quietly. “You should try to get some sleep as well. We’ll talk later.”
“When you see him tomorrow...tell him…” Castiel pauses. “Tell him I love him.”
Castiel pulls back, until he is as far against the side of the pit as he can manage. The wolf’s eyes are all the way open now, and he lifts his head, curious.
Dean stirs and opens his eyes, blinking at Cas, then a soft sleepy smile spreads over his face.
He eyes Sam, gauging his reaction.
“Goodbye Dean,” he says, and turns, stalking back to the horses.
“Dean used to talk about you. This is his horse.” Castiel gestures at Impala. “It seemed like a logical guess.”
Sam nods and walks back into the house.
Cas meets his eyes, as he wraps his hand around Deans. Together they stroke and thrust, each moaning at the pleasure every time they slide against each other, precum smearing and mixing between them.
Sam scoffs, incredulous. “Dude, have you met yourself? Besides, he’s a god. They hold grudges for centuries.”
Castiel nods, and closes his eyes for a moment. He looks at the dead wolf in the trap.
“We’re at the wrong end of the castle,” he tells Sam. “You need to get to the other end to find the war room. Michael usually holds his meetings in the afternoon, so you should have time.”
The arrow hits.
“Oh shut up,” Dean gripes. Grabbing a fork, he spears a peach out of the can.
Sam snorts.
“He seem weird to you?”
Dean reaches down and tugs on Cas’s hair, gently, getting Cas to look at him.
"What is it, Captain?"
Sam nods, and calls out to the charcoal burner. The man is suspicious and contrary, but when Sam pulls out a couple copper coins, the man relents, a gleam coming into his eye.
“Is everything alright?” Castiel asks.
Michael looks up at that. Winchester. He hasn't thought about the wayward captain for years.
“Are you just here to insult me, or was there another point to approaching us?” Cas asks.
“But Dean escaped.”
In the afternoon, the lights come back on. “Oh thank fuck,” Dean says at the same time Sam says, “Oh finally.”
Sam hesitates.
Finally he says, “You wouldn’t believe me.”
Sam watches him approach from his spot on Bobby’s porch. He’d been enjoying the morning air. Dean looks tired, but after the past few days, Sam guesses that’s normal. He seems cheerful enough though.
“Hopefully you’ll have better luck talking sense into him.”
“Heya Richie,” Dean nods to him.
“I might.”
Bobby sighs.
“You’ll have to tell me that long story of yours later.”
The fingers stop just as he notices them.
“Sam? Sam Winchester?”
“Which you escaped from.”
Sam tries to smile, but his mood has darkened with thoughts of Jess.
The hawk chirps again.
"Sir?"
“Why not?”
Zachariah puts a hand on his sword.
“Who are
Bobby glares at the interruption, but after a moment and another swig of ale he continues.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, though it feels inadequate.
Dean is ready to strike the killing blow, but Cas puts a hand on his, stilling him. Dean looks at him questioningly, but Cas is focused on Michael.
“What is it?”
Sam raises his eyebrows slightly at the eagerness in his tone. Interesting.
“Yes. It's on the fire. How are you the hawk?” The wolf howls outside and another piece falls into place. “That wolf-it’s him, isn’t it? Somehow, it’s him. Just like-” Sam stops, thoughts racing, falling over each other.
Dean groans. “Go away, Sammy.”
“How so?”
Sam shrugs.
“He’s losing,” Castiel says, understanding. He looks at the table, the map, and the smaller number of captains and advisors in the room. Several of them shift uncomfortably.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam says, because one of them needs to be grateful.
Dean waves a hand, sinking onto the bed behind Castiel, eyes on the screen. "Not important."
Castiel lays down and both of his boys come and lie with him. He covers them with his wings as they snuggle against him. His arms are under them, one wrapped around Dean’s waist, the other around Sam’s shoulder.
Castiel means to move, means to leave as asked but the thought suddenly feels so wrong. Another growl escapes his throat as does the word, “No.”
They arrange themselves on the bed, the two brothers getting themselves all cocooned in their respective blankets. They lie on the edges of the mattress, leaving just enough room that Castiel can crawl into the middle and lay on his stomach between them, wings covering both.
“It’s fine.”
go, when crossed like that. At the time, it seemed the only option.”
Dean snorts. "You should have seen the musical."
“What are these?” he asks.
Then Sam has a grip and holds Ishim fast. Ishim swears, and Castiel picks himself up as the other two wrestle, Ishim trying to get out of Sam’s expert hold.
Stuck in that half-life, alone, knowing from Sam and Bobby that Dean had given up on them. And Michael would still walk around, still free. Cas would probably go after him, and if Dean was no match for Michael-
it is, but it’s not a normal bird.
“We’ve waited three years, we can wait another two hours. Come on, let’s eat.”
They eat, and chat, but every touch, fingers skimming over each other as they pass food back and forth is distracting.
Eventually, Dean mutters, "We should clean up."
“Don’t even try it,” he growls. “This ain’t between you, it's between those three and them alone.”
Sam heads for it, and is relieved to find this grate in even worse condition than the one in the courtyard. He pushes it and it swings out on creaky hinges.
Bobby nods, then sighs.
Castiel hums in agreement, already looking at Dean instead of the sunset.
Ishim just manages to duck Sam’s attempted hold, but in doing so Castiel manages to get a swipe in, opening up a line of blood across Ishim’s arm. Ishim hisses a curse, and swipes with his own dagger. Castiel steps back to avoid it.
Dean wakes to find Cas has draped a wing over him while Sam is at the table eating.
As if watching a play, Castiel watches the room around him, attention flicking between tables. A group of farmers sit together drinking and laughing uproariously. In another corner two men play at dice while others look on. At another table, two women sit talking with a man in a cloak.  A woman walks busily between tables, delivering food and drink and collecting used dishes. At the bar, Sam is chatting comfortably with the barkeep.
“Fuck,” Sam mutters, and gets up, going to the counter to pay up the bill so he can rush after Castiel.
And then he finds the erotica.
“Complete with just enough complications to keep it interesting,” Dean says.
While Sam pokes at the embers of the fire, he watches Castiel. The wolf howls again, and Castiel pauses his search, looking towards the sound. It’s hard to see, in the dim light, but his expression seems almost longing to Sam.
“He doesn’t think it will work.”
“Idiot is going to get himself eaten by that damn wolf,” Sam mutters, turning back to face Castiel a moment later.
The thief hears him when Sam is only a few steps behind, the leaves beneath his feet too damp to crunch but not enough to mute all noise. The thief turns sharply at the noise. Sam registers it as the same man from the previous night, and he lunges towards the man, intent on driving the thief off. Instead of fleeing, the man takes his lunge as an attack and meets him, blocking the lunge and punching out. Sam narrowly avoids the blow. They circle each other, eyeing each other up.
“Dunno if I’m keeping it long.”
The noise of a horse and cart picks up from behind them prevents Sam from answering. He and Dean both turn to see Bobby emerging from the trees, his tired rust-colored horse coming to a stop.
“Oh? How…interesting.” Ishim addresses his next remark to Sam. “It's funny. When I knew him, Castiel here was the best of the best. A real soldier. And now...from the war table to a common tavern.”
Castiel stares down at the defeated general with glacier-cold eyes and reaches into his pocket. He pulls out a few small objects and holds them up to show Michael: his hawk bonds, and the falconry hood. He tosses them at Michael’s feet. The general looks at them bitterly.
“What the-”
“We’d have to go outside for that,” Dean says. “I’m not sure I want to brave that again, do you?”
“Me too,” Sam admits with a small smile. He closes his eyes, content. He lets his hand rest on one of Cas’s. Their fingers intertwine, and Sam falls asleep, warm in the angel’s wings and arms.
“Fine.”
“Dean...disobeyed an order. There was a town-enemy territory, where the opposing general’s family lived. He had a large family. Children, servants. All innocents. Michael wanted them killed, the town razed. A message to the other army. He asked Dean to do it. Dean refused, said that wasn’t what he signed on to do. General Bishop was furious, and locked him up.”
“The storm has lessened,” he says. He considers for a moment, then glances back to them. With a whoomph, his wings disappear, pulled back to invisibility. “I’m going to get more firewood.”
“Really?”
Castiel pauses in his reading. He takes half a moment to consider several things, before saying, “Perhaps, in real life.”
“It appears that someone has.”
Then he spots an open door and turns through it into another corridor. He follows the passage, turning at the second door he comes to. This one leads to a hall with windows on one side, and on the same side as those, a door that leads outside.
Castiel hums. They lay together for some time, limbs tangled together, cuddling. Castiel likes this almost as much as the sex, this holding and being held.
Dean looks at him, eyebrows raised.
“We’ve, well Bobby really, found something.” Sam looks at him, something like hope and desperation in his eyes. “A way to break the curse.”
“‘Course those are usually a man and a woman. A single couple,” Dean says. “Not…” He stops.
Dean glares.
“It’s a fairytale,” Dean scoffs. “There’s no such thing.”
Sam stares after him, turns to look through the gap in the barn wall and watches as the man, insanely, walks towards the wolf.
When he hears the quiet noise of a kiss next to him, and feels as Cas moves, he thinks this might be the weirdest relationship he's been in, but...it might just work. And he finds that as Dean and Cas whisper to each other, he doesn’t mind. Hell, he is happy for them.
Sam hesitates a moment, then, quietly, he tells Castiel of his own loss. The fire, the girl.
Castiel rolls over a little, the easier to face Dean. "No, we didn't." He eyes Dean speculatively. "We could always try both, and see which is better."
Cas is holding his wings in a curve to help hold heat around them, and he drapes his wings over both of the brothers’ shoulders as they play.
“Did you get the water?”
The captain of the group looks at them, and his eyes widen as he sees Dean. Then he smiles a self satisfied smug little smile.
“He’s well.”
Sam turns to Dean, his own mouth open in shock and finds Dean staring at him with an almost comically offended look.
Cas smiles and shakes his head. He leans his forehead against Dean’s, reaching a hand up to cup Dean’s cheek.
The rabbit is ready soon after, and Dean splits the meat between them. They eat in silence, while the hawk looks on and the horses graze.
“This thing killed a man, and here you are, defending it.” Ishim laughs, a short-sharp sound. “You always did like to keep the worst company.”
Castiel frowns as he walks into Dean's bedroom, sniffing the air. "What is that?" He asks and looks at Dean who is pacing around the room.
“Dean, that doesn’t actually tell me anything.”
Ishim nods, and in the dim moonlight, Castiel can just see the condescending sneer.
They travel through familiar woods, late afternoon sunlight illuminating the path. Cas looks around with a faint frown, then his expression smooths into something like excitement.
“It should be soon now, once the clouds break.”
Castiel gives him a blank look. "Going through what?"
“You’re okay,” he sighs, eyes closing again. “Good.” The words are slurred and barely audible, and Dean is asleep again in seconds.
“Not you too.”
He looks at the bars with some discomfort, but all he says to Sam and Bobby is, “Good luck tonight.”
"Tell him what I said," Castiel says, and climbs out of the bit to grab a second blanket. He goes back into the pit and covers the wolf with it.
“I heard the alarm bells.” Dean pauses, and looks at Sam. “You got out of there,” he says. “Do you think you can get back in?”
The moment the guard is in the cell, Sam moves, fast as he can.
For a moment, just a second, the lovers gaze at each other, a moment stolen from the curse that binds them.
“We should go,” Sam says.
Sam isn’t sure if he should ask why, but there’s a more pressing issue.
When they are done, Dean suggests they get going, automatically assuming that Sam will come with him. This rankles, but lacking anything better to do, and not really wanting to go on his own if he doesn’t have to, Sam agrees, and they pack up the camp.
Michael frowns, glancing up.
Sam looks at him, exasperated. “I’m not doing it on purpose!” He sighs. “This hole really isn’t big enough for the two of us.”
"Come on, best get you dry and those scratches tended to."
Castiel tilts his head in that birdlike movement that Sam is beginning to suspect is habitual with him.
Dean opens his eyes at that.
The fresh air is a relief to his senses. Some of the sewer stench now entrenched in his nostrils is replaced with the lake-smell of the moat below him. A smell that promises freedom as he looks across to the shoreline, a mere thirty feet away.
“Maybe it was. What did he look like, this man? Did he speak?”
Dean doesn’t look at Cas, but says, “The blanket thing. You take those tonight and Cas can, uh, spoon me, I guess.”
“Two brothers and the angel they’re both in love with?” Sam supplies. He sounds a bit awkward as he says it out loud, and doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
“Is just another false hope, and a nonsense one at that. ‘A day without night?’ Impossible.”
-In Dream, by Anna Akhmatova
“We?” He looks behind Sam to see the approach of Bobby on his cart.
“You’re crazy.”
“Me too.”
“I suppose not. It’s just interesting is all.”
The fire had gone out during the night, and Castiel hadn’t wanted to leave the boys exposed while he rekindled it, so the first order of the day is getting it going again. The boys do keep moving to keep themselves warm, and Sam does start to just run lightly around the room until Dean complains about the noise and about getting dizzy watching him.
Cas had thought for only a moment, before suggesting this plan.
"No. There's no trace." Castiel looks around the room. "Where's Dean?"
Dean doesn't know when his feet moved, but he, too, is closer, his sword dropping to his side. He raises his free hand, reaching.
At last he spots them, two large ornately carved doors. One of them stands open to a room with a large table in the center. Two guards stand on either side of the doors, looking bored.
Sam looks around for something he can use to block off the door. There are three entrances to the war room, and Sam intends only one of them to be usable in the upcoming confrontation.
From above, the hawk shrieks and dives to harry a man taking aim at Dean. Sam has to pick a new target, and finds one, coming around from the side of the tents with a group of them. His shot goes true this time, and the men nearby race towards them, taking their moment while he’s forced to reload. Then Sam has to duck, and spur Charger to move as he’s now made a target of himself. The shot aimed at him passes close enough he feels the air from it.
They bang into the cabin, the two humans shivering as the cold wind practically blows them into the room, snow following. The angel follows, unaffected by the cold, but brow furrowed in concern over his friends as he forces the door closed against the gale force wind.
So, when Sam decides to steal a kiss while Dean is out of the room, Castiel lets him, and kisses him as thoroughly as he can, attempting to distract him enough he won’t hear Dean coming back. It seems to work, as Sam doesn’t pull away when the door to the bathroom creaks open once more.
A couple hesitate, then decide they’d rather wait and see how this plays out. Two still approach, and Sam finds himself locked in combat.
“Has anyone you don’t know come through here?” someone demands.
Castiel wants to ask more, but he can feel the dawn approaching, itching at his skin. He nods instead.
He looks back once, to see Dean standing where he’d left him, a silhouette against the late afternoon sun, watching them go.
Sam stares at him, wide-eyed.
“If I do fail…” his voice is quiet, wrecked even to his own ears. “If you hear those bells ring, you’ll know I failed. That I’m dead.  If that happens, please...take his life, quick and painless.”
Castiel’s expression has gone from polite impassivity to murderous. If a look could set things on fire, the tavern would be in flames already.
“I can take care of myself.”
Dean takes it, his sarcastic reply forgotten as soon as he sees the familiar handwriting. He goes to sit some distance from Sam and Bobby to open and read his letter.
“And what are those?”
Castiel squints at him. "What musical?"
He goes to Impala’s saddlebags and opens them, rummaging until he finds a shirt and a pair of trousers. There’s a creak of wood behind him and he turns to find Castiel standing by the low wall. He’s completely nude as he looks around the barn, orienting himself.
Dean tosses him an odd look, brows furrowed in confusion.
Dean watches in awe and not a few seconds later comes himself, eyes closing of their own accord and he collapses onto Cas’s chest.
Castiel nods, somewhat confused, and heads into the hallway.
Sam automatically accepts the bird, but he shakes his head.
“I think,” he corrects. “I meant, I think mine’s bigger.”
So he lets himself relax further into Cas’s embrace and tries to sleep again. It doesn’t come, but he does drift in and out of that half wakeful half dozing state that he rarely gets to enjoy. Their life doesn’t allow much for mornings like this.
They get back on the road, still wandering nowhere in particular. Sam wonders at that, until they reach a crossroads and Dean picks the path that takes them perpendicular to their former course, as if to continue circling Aquila.
“I told you not to tell him!” Dean practically bursts. “I told you-”
The hours move slowly, the sun gradually creeping up in the sky.
“I suppose you could say he and I are...bonded. We travel together, as much as we are able to.”
He sends up a prayer of thanks.
There’s the faintest hint of movement behind Ishim as he talks. Castiel keeps his gaze focused on the hunter, not wanting to give Sam’s silent approach away.
Castiel is frozen, as he rapidly tries to understand what’s happening. He involuntarily breathes in again, that scent like gunmetal and leather, burnt apples and wood smoke. A smell that is so very, very, “Dean.” Castiel stares at the hunter as he realizes what’s happening. This can’t, shouldn’t be possible.
Boreas spits, a glob of ice forming on the pavement before melting. Then with a strong wind that sets everything loose around them spinning, he is gone. Castiel puts away his blade, returning to the Impala.
Sam shakes his head, half-smiling.
“That he loves you. That he has hope, faith, in you.”
“I will.”
Dean meets one of the men on horseback and they battle, swords clashing, horses prancing.
Dean is frozen in the angel's grasp.
“And you thought Dean would have some.”
“No!”
"What? I'm fine." Dean doesn't like the way Sam is looking at him. "I'm fine, Sammy, really. Just hungry."
“Oof,” they both grunt in unison, and the charcoal burner drops the axe.
“Good to see you too old man,” Dean says, his face slipping into a warm grin. He embraces Bobby, a quick thing, but Bobby’s expression softens. “I owe you thanks, I think.”
The captain swerves out of the way. The friendly guard side-steps his horse to avoid Zachariah’s, straight into the path of the arrow meant for Dean. He falls, and his horse startles and runs into the nearby field.
Sam shrugs. "Just testing a theory. How long have you been feeling warm?"
Bobby nods.
They reach the town that surrounds the fortress just before sunset, and stop in a wooded area, away from prying eyes.
“Nice,” Sam says, finding a thermostat on the wall and turning it on. “Looks like we’ve got heat as well as the fireplace. We should see if we can find logs, just in case.”
A few minutes later, he’s walking out of the dungeon wearing the guard’s armor. It’s ill-fitting and too tight across the chest, but he gets not a single second glance from the other guards he passes.
Dean stops when he sees Sam and Bobby watching him. He scowls, but there’s no bite to it.
Dean shakes his head.
“Where are we going?”
“I’m fine,” Dean says, scowling briefly at his brother then glancing back at Cas before getting up. “Just not used to sharing a bed.”
Walking through the halls of the fortress in his stolen armor, Sam contemplates how completely full circle he’s come: From escaping this place to infiltrating it. Perhaps there’s some higher meaning to all this, some cosmic significance.
“Good night.” Sam says, with warmth and affection.
A few advisors, not liking the hard glint in Dean's eyes, slip out. Sam lets them pass. Dean pays them no mind. He stalks towards the general.
"He's going to kill the general.”
Sam gets a look at the bird’s wound. The arrow has gone through part of its wing.
Sam eyes it.
Then out of the corner of his eye, Michael notices one of the guards starts to move across the room. Something is off about him, and as the noises grow louder, suspicion flares in his mind.
Sam looks up once more, but the overcast sky prevents him from getting a good read on the sun’s position.
Sam grins. “Yup. Trapped in a cabin, only one bed, cuddling for warmth, romance ensuing. Very chick flick.”
"Why, Captain, surely you know that if you kill me, you'll never have peace."
Dean calls to the hawk and raises his arm. The bird comes swooping in and lands.
Dean’s never been shy about touching Cas...well, maybe he has, but now instead of just clapping him on the shoulder and pulling away, he can let the touch linger, and become a proper caress.
While Sam is busy doing that and Dean fills Baby up, Castiel gets up to walk around the place. Being cooped up for so long has gotten to him as well.
Sam nods. Dean considers for a moment.
Castiel walks in a bit more. "I've always been able to scent people.” He sniffs again. Something about the scent is...enticing. “Sam said you hadn't... Presented yet." Castiel tries to ignore the scent, turning his attention to Dean. He's concerned for the hunter, who is clearly struggling with this sudden change.
In his study above the main keep, General Michael Bishop looks up briefly from his reports,  brow furrowed in broken concentration.
"Dean, I-" Castiel says, all the warning he can manage, the rest of the words cut off as he comes. His physical body bears the brunt of the pleasure, and ah, such pleasure, but even his grace surges in that joyous hallelujah. The lights flicker as he gorans into Dean’s skin, spent.
Far, far distant, upon the lower slopes of the mountain that overlooks the fortress city, the tolling of the bells is faint. Even so, at the sound of them, a rider dressed all in black draws up his mount and looks towards Aquila. Above him, a hawk circles. The man holds up his arm for the bird to land.
Castiel eyes it and nods, then smiles at Sam.
“What’s your story? You didn’t trust me enough to tell me before, I think.”
Dean snorts. “Right, forgot about that.”
Sam’s expression shuts down completely.
Sam snorts.
Michael is clearly displeased with Dean's open acknowledgment of the curse, but replies, "And what of your lover? Does Commander Novak agree with this decision? Ah." He pauses, smiles faintly. "I suppose you haven't been able to ask him, have you."
“Fine,” he growls, “Go, run away again. That’s what you're good at, right?”
“Not that it did any good.”
“What, do you expect to find him here? Hiding under the war table, perhaps?” He wrinkles his nose, taking in the dusty state of the captain, who appears to have neither shaved nor bathed yet that day. “And to appear before your general in such...condition.”
Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s, gentle and chaste, unmoving until he feels the faintest pressure in return. His hand moves of its own accord to cup the back of Dean’s hair, even as Dean hesitantly, almost reverently lets his hands skate over Castiel’s arms.
Cas comes back in soon after, completely soaked in snow, with flakes in his hair, his white shirt damp and plastered against his chest. He drops the pile of logs by the door before he pulls it shut, then turns to see both brothers staring at him. Cas tilts his head in a question.
Castiel stiffens, his face going impassive. He turns around slowly.
“And you have no power over me, so you can stop with the wind,” Castiel says, voice still hard. The wind dies, and Boreas scowls harder. “As it happens though, your little vengeance had a few unintended side effects.” Castiel lets go of him and Boreas rubs at his collar. Castiel keeps his blade at the ready.
Sam waits a little while before he asks, “So. Where were you last night?”
“It is a little bit.”
The human penis is an odd-looking thing, Castiel thinks. He’s never quite understood why humans might find them appealing. But then again, his true form is mostly light and wings and eyes, so perhaps it’s another species difference.
“Then more.”
Cas smiles, mounting his own. “I look forward to trying it.”
Even before he opens his eyes, Dean feels safe. He curls his fingers into the soft feathers of the blanket around him, then faintly remembers that it’s not a blanket but wings. That the solid weight at his back is Cas, the arms around him Cas’s, the fingers stroking his arm ever so faintly Cas’s.
“I didn’t ride here.”
Sam obeys, heading out the door. Bobby speaks behind him.
Sam stares at him, then he grins. “How the hell did you pull that off?”
“Is that what happened to you? He kill the girl you loved? ”
His work done, he leans against the wall and stares at the hawk.
The advisors move to the sides of the room, keeping out of the way. Michael watches, arms folded, his back to the stained glass windows.
Cas resumes his earlier exploration, at first rushed and impassioned as if they’ll never get this again, then suddenly slowing down and teasing. He sucks a bruise into Dean’s collar bone, kisses his way down Dean’s chest, stopping to suck at each of Dean’s nipples, before kissing down his stomach. Dean shudders and jerks, and watches heat coursing through him. Cas looks up at him as he reaches the line of hair leading to his groin, his hands on Dean’s hips.
“Fine,” he says. “I’ll do it. Now tell me this ‘excellent’ plan of yours.”
“Morning,” he says, softly.
It is true, Castiel is in love with Dean. Has been since… well, not quite as far back as hell, for all the other angels talk, but very nearly.
Late nights (and sometimes afternoons and even mornings) at the bunker, are dull affairs for Castiel, with the two brothers asleep for their respective 4-8 hours. Once upon a time, he would have been content to just stand guard outside their bedrooms, waiting with patience learned from several millennia of unmoving vigilance among the stars.
Sam decides he should maybe find a place to wash off the sewer smell first. He collects the armor, and then makes his way into the fortress.
When they play a round of cards, and Cas wins yet again, he gets that tiny satisfied smirk on his face. Dean stares at him for a moment then just as Cas notices his stare and starts to tilt his head in question, Dean leans forward and pecks him on the cheek.
“Yeah, I remember.”
The guard struggles, kicking and punching Sam in the side, on the arms, anywhere he can reach. Sam holds on through sheer force of will, tightening his grip as much as he can.
Then Dean has to refocus, keep Zachariah off him.
Sam turns his head. Dean’s gaze is on the fire.
It’s not as comfortable as it could be, but Castiel doesn’t quite want to disturb the brothers yet with what he thinks would be more effective. Instead, he tries to be quiet and let as much warmth radiate off him into their bodies as he can.
Dean looks at Castiel. He would rather die than go back to work for the man who stole their lives, and he finds the same thought reflected in Cas’s eyes.
The howling urges his feet faster, and it’s fully dark by the time he comes to a small farm. He slips into the barn there, and lays down exhausted from his long day of escape and fleeing.
Sam nods.
Castiel comes up behind Dean and wraps his arms around him, hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder.
Castiel frowns.
Sam opens his mouth to ask exactly how, but Dean turns the conversation.
“Oh. Right.” Dean tries not to sound to disappointed. It’s only fair, he reminds himself.
Almost all his meetings were held here, anything requiring more than two or three of his captains and advisors, messengers and allies. It was for the allies’ sake, more than anyone, that he chose this room. The high ceilings, the stained glass, the double doors (thick and easy to barricade and the servants entrances equally easy to guard), made it both impressive and safe.
“Beginner’s luck?” Sam suggests, failing to keep the grin off his face. Cas’s lips quirk as well, very briefly.
“What are you whispering about?” Dean mutters groggily.
“I understand.” He seems to consider a few things, that appraising glance making an appearance again. “Dean and I used to fight together,” he says after a minute or two. “Before Michael…” he stops, tilts his head. “How much has Dean told you?”
Cas’s wings relax slightly. “Good.”
. “Son of a bitch,” he says out loud.
The touch is enough to send shockwaves through Dean, because this cannot be real.
“Very well, pass on.”
“There was very little to do,” Castiel says. “I took to exploring the woods wherever we stopped. This was one of my favorite spots.”
“Something is definitely up,” he mutters to himself, spotting a squirrel. He shoots it, then ties it to his belt and turns his attention to gathering firewood as the early twilight fades into dusk.
Ishim nods.
Sam considers how he might convince this stranger to simply tell him. While he’s deciding between “pretty please” and “fuck Dean, just tell me”, Castiel fetches another bit of firewood and tosses it in.
“Heading back to Aquila then?” Sam asks.
“Are you sure?”
soon.
The day goes much like the last few, with them passing the time as they can, but for Dean at least, some things are different.
After a few minutes, he pulls himself together. He picks up the cloak next to him, breathes in the scent of Castiel as he wraps it around him for warmth (it really is damned cold) then rises to go find proper clothing.
“That’s nonsense.”
Dean’s lips quirk, as if amused at a private joke.
The storm abates very little during the night, but it seems to lessen as the Winchesters sleep, only to renew as dawn breaks.
And he needs to make sure Dean shows Sam he is okay with this. Cas thinks he will be fine, at least in the end. He hopes he is right.
Their stew arrives, and they eat.
The hawk looks at him, impassive.
"Day after tomorrow," Bobby says. “If we can convince that idjit to give it a chance." Bobby sits back, his work done. Sam wraps the blanket around himself tighter.
Dean half smiles.
As Castiel creeps along a deer path, he narrowly misses stepping into a trap, never even noticing his peril. A few steps later, he finds one of the other traps, kneels by it to examine the area. He looks up, searching the darkness for his quarry.
Sam quickly kicks Castiel under the table before he does anything rash. Castiel‘s fixed gaze ahead breaks, and he glares at Sam, the fire in his eyes barely dampened. Minutely, Sam shakes his head, willing the ex-soldier to calm, at least for the moment. Castiel remains tense for a few long seconds then relaxes, his mask of polite impassivity falling back into place.
“I-We-” Dean pauses for longer this time. “Things changed.”
"Feels fine to me."
Dean withdraws his sword but holds it at the ready. Zachariah scrambles up. He raises his hands as he does so,  face exaggerated in mock surrender, but he makes no move for Dean.
“We’ll have to hope the spell wears off soon,” Sam says with a sigh. “I can’t even get a phone signal in here.”
Dean turns and looks directly at General Michael. Grief and anger war inside him. He tamps down the former and focuses the latter on the man who brought him to this point.
The sound passes through the anger, and Dean notices as a line of red seeps through Sam's shirt. “You’re hurt.”
“This is perfect,” Dean says.
“Yes.” Castiel looks at him, almost entreating him. “That was your worry, wasn’t it? That I want him only, not you. That’s not true. I want both of you, in equal measure.”
The hawk is unconcerned by the movement, wings slightly open to adjust its balance as it surveys the clearing.
"Hey there, boy," he says, approaching the stolen charger. "Fancy meeting you here."
“Okay,” Dean says, perplexed. Castiel smiles, his hand lingering for a moment  on Dean’s arm before he turns.
It chafes, waiting in this alley, knowing that Michael is just there, in that fortress. Dean is so close to his revenge, he can practically taste it, copper and salt like blood.
“Only if I had to.”
Bobby nods.
The cold water shocks him, his body already tested and sore from the exertions of the day. His stomach cramps a little, reminding him how little food he’s actually had these past weeks since his capture. He struggles on, cutting through the water, ducking under when he hears a shout, fearful they have spotted him.
“It’s more beautiful in the daylight than I imagined,” he says quietly.
“Hmph,” Dean says. “Let’s play something else.”
“It’s day, old man. Like it was yesterday, like it will be tomorrow.”
,” he says.
Once he’s out of earshot, Dean grabs a pillow from behind his head and presses it over his face, letting the fluffy darkness overtake him. Above him, Cas shifts to sit beside him on the bed. Dean mourns the loss of contact, but he understands. His boner is pretty effectively dead at this point, and he doesn’t think he can get it up again any time soon. He presses the pillow into his face a little more firmly.
“Take it easy, we’ll figure it out,” Dean says, and he smoothly parks the Impala outside of his building. “Okay, let’s get you inside and cleaned up.”
After what felt like ages of Cas stretching him out, they’d stumbled over to the chair, parting only to shed as much clothing as they had to before collapsing onto it. The chair was barely sturdy enough to take both of them, creaking ominously and shuddering beneath them, but Dean found it hard to care, not when Cas was lining himself up carefully and sliding inside, guiding Dean’s hips down until he was settled in Cas’ lap.
“Didn’t realize she had that kind of power.”
Cas nods, shifting next to Jack. “I’ll fix the mess you’ve made of the carseat, don’t worry,” he deadpans, fiddling with the straps.
“Strange how?” Dean pours a couple dollops of batter into the pan. “Do you feel lethargic, or have any sharp pain? Low-grade pain is still pretty normal right now.”
Dean sighs and unwinds himself, sitting up. He promptly groans as the room spins a little bit -- that whiskey is starting to hit hard. “I’m worried about him, and he doesn’t want to listen to me,” he says. “He’s so focused on this project at work, and he says he’s fine, but I just… I want to trust him so badly. But I’m scared. I don’t know what to do.” He squeezes his eyes shut tight, rubbing the palms of his hands into the sockets hard enough that little colored lights explode across the darkness.
In the stillness of the night, under the gaze of thousands of stars, Dean and Castiel savor their reunion. There are few sounds but that of insects and the rustling of nocturnal animals in the woods nearby, nothing to disturb the lovers.
“Good night.”
“How did you find this?” Dean says, panting as he pulls himself up
The guard snorts.
A wolf howls nearby as Sam crosses back into the clearing.
“So what happened?”
The wolf, still snarling, leaps and tackles the charcoal burner to the ground. The man screams.
They’d trudged through the snow, already built up a foot high with no signs of slowing, until they reached the cabin and entered.
“I’m leaving. Thank you for saving Cas, Bobby, and for your help Sam.”
Dean is staring at Castiel’s dick with straight-up fascination. In a half-strangled voice, he says, “Bro. You’re fucking hung.”
“Thank you for not giving up on us.”
“Okay,” he says. “Tell me again how you propose to break this curse.”
But he’d promised them all to wait, give it a chance, so he sits there as the morning drags by, endless. He stares up towards the stained glass windows of the great hall. Michael is likely already there now, his councilors trickling in. Dean wonders idly how long it will take Sam to reach the room and infiltrate it. Is he there yet?
“Dean-”
“He’d expected that of course. Declared that if they would not be his loyal servants, he would make sure their loyalty was justly repaid. Then he called down wrath upon them and cursed them. You know how that turned out. During the day, Cas is a hawk, and at night Dean’s that wolf you hear out there. Poor, dumb creatures, no memory of their human life. Unable to meet, but for a split second at sunrise and sunset, when they could almost touch.”
Dean starts to say something, but Sam stops him with a hand.
Sam cracks open the door to the spare room. Castiel is leaning against the wall, eyes cast out the window, a quill in his hand and a sheet of paper resting on a book propped in his lap. He glances at the door when he hears the door creak open, acknowledges Sam with a nod before returning his gaze to the woods outside.
“I’ll be seeing you later,” the captain says, as he mounts his horse.
“You’re…not going to kill him in here, right?”
“They’re still amazing,” Sam says firmly. “Beautiful.”
The two lovers finally notice the way everyone is talking, a few watching them with undisguised interest or question. Dean picks up his sword, and cleans it on Michael’s robes before sheathing it. Cas takes his hand and they all exit the room together.
“Okay then.” Sam considers Cas. “There a story there?”
"Hey there," Dean says, grinning, and raises a finger to stroke the bird's head. Cas-hawk bites at him. "Hey!' he exclaims, snatching his hand away. "Is that any way to greet your master?” The hawk makes a bird noise that means nothing, but makes Dean laugh anyway. "I'm glad you're okay, buddy."
They lie together for a while, and Cas has his wing up to give them the illusion of privacy from Sam, which Dean is grateful for. He and Cas don’t kiss again, just lie together until Sam coughs loudly and asks Dean if he wants breakfast. And he does, so he gets up.
“Do you ever remember anything?” Sam asks, curious.
“Is that an issue for you?” he asks.
“It’s not night yet,” Cas says. “I wanted to-” he looks at Dean, eyes dark. “Fuck,” he repeats and kisses him, hands tight on his waist.
“Five years,” he says finally. “I started off as just a merc, like Dad used to be, and Michael- the general- took a liking to me.” He grins ruefully. “I was
Cas tilts his head ever so slightly as if questioning, and Dean comes back to himself. “Guess I should get up,” he says, uncomfortably aware of the direction his blood is flowing.
, where did the angel learn to do
“Good,” Dean repeats, and pulls Cas into a kiss.
The general’s body crumbles to the ground.
“Like a bird’s nest,” he says aloud, amused by that description Sam had given, but his smile fades quickly. It’s been three years since Dean last saw Cas, and he’s beginning to forget what his lover even looked like. The only thing that remains unblurred by the time is the memory of his eyes, always so blue, always so intent on Dean.
“How did you know who I was?”
Sam sighs heavily.
“And yourself.”
“Here.”
“Never been the little spoon before,” Sam says quietly, seeming content with Cas’s arms and wings folded around him in a cocoon. “Feels kind of odd.”
“Well?” Bobby asks.
“You should be careful,” Sam says, edging inside the room. “You might reopen the wound.”
The hawk shrieks high above, then again, warning them of its approach. Dean raises his arm up and it lands. It fluffs its wings out before settling. Impala trots onward.
“You’ve been drinking too much again. You’ve said that a dozen times, and it’s never true.” He starts to turn away. “No more of your false hopes, old man. Save them for someone more gullible.”
“Well, you won’t have to live in this hellhole and eat our shitty gruel anymore,” the guard says. “So that’s a bonus.  Move to the door, hands behind your back.”
The sun sets. Inside the cage, the wolf paces its short space and growls, then starts to howl.
“He’s taking us back to Aquila, isn’t he?”
Sam says, “Well, good luck with your hunting.”
Dean shakes his head, still chuckling. "We didn’t actually answer the question."
Dean grins. “Oh I make it hard do I?”
Dean halts the horse in front of the house and shakes his arm, sending the hawk into flight.
Sam shrugs and turns his laptop to face Dean. "It's been known to happen. And it explains your symptoms. Your scent has changed too."
“I suppose he wouldn’t.”
“I’m sorry I doubted you,” Dean says, not looking at Bobby directly.
Sam is a little awkward for a few minutes after, seemingly guilty, but he doesn’t say anything, and they play their now usual card game in silence today.
Castiel comes to a decision. He cannot do much, but he can help at least a little.
“I’m Sam,” Sam says, as if that will help or mean anything to this mysterious man. “Who the hell are you?”
Cas's hands slip downward and Dean gasps as the angel slides his hands under his clothes, under the elastic of his boxers to take hold of Dean's cock.
Sam watches Castiel, suddenly cold. This is a side of him Sam hadn’t yet seen, and it’s a bit terrifying.
“Why? You were to be apprenticed somewhere. Learning a real trade of some sort. Dean was proud, said you were going to make something of yourself. But you look like you stepped out of a peasant’s hut to tend the dung heap.”
“What’s family for?”
Satisfied that Michael has obeyed him, Dean drops the collar and steps back, so that Michael is forced to see him and Cas together.
“You know Dean?” Sam looks around, suddenly realizing that his brother is nowhere to be found. “Where the hell is he, anyway?” He turns to look around the camp, and peers off into the forest.
The hawk swoops up, shrieking yet again, its victim bleeding from the face. The bleeding man shouts curses and yells something to his compatriots, telling them to shoot the cursed thing.
“It’s Sam.” Then Sam relents a little, returning the grin. “Good to see you too. You headed towards Aquila?”
Michael moves a piece on his map, considering it.
. Great, now he’s producing fucking
Dean shrugs.
“I suppose not. Michael said you had an odd attachment to the beast.”
Sam stares at him. "Are you okay?"
“They do have that look, when the other is mentioned,” he says slowly. “I think I would have guessed eventually.” Sam looks at Bobby. “Go on, I won’t interrupt.”
“Something on my face?”
Castiel nods, his expression reserved and wary.
“Likewise, Cas.”
When dawn begins to light the sky, Sam nudges a dozing Bobby, who jerks, then nods as he sees the light. The two move to a point where they can see inside the pit.
“That was very localized,” Sam comments, in something between surprise, admiration and annoyance.
Dean eyes them for a long moment, several expressions crossing his face. “You do know I get him tonight,” he finally says to Sam.
He’s out of practice with crowds, and he’d never been good with ones like this. He’d be more comfortable being asked to fight a battalion singlehanded. Castiel has been in far, far busier taverns than this, but that was before. Before three years spent living in the woods alone, with only infrequent trips to Bobby’s providing him with any relief from the solitude. Dean had never camped them near civilization, but then, there was a good reason for that.
Both Sam and Bobby have also rushed forward, but Bobby grabs Sam’s arm before he can join Castiel on the ice.
“Yes,” Sam says, his tone firm and confident.
Castiel’s smiles and closes his eyes. Sam watches the transformation, as the light burns off the shape of a man and only a hawk is left.
For all three of them.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I mean, there are other concerns when two dudes do that. Like, size. I think my cock is bigger, so I'd top."
Castiel glances up at him briefly, then returns to the story in front of him, eyes squinted, as he reads further, even as he answers, "No. Reading."
He walks the corridors, searching for the hallway that takes him to the door he’d been brought in through. He’d done his best to memorize the path when they had dragged him and the other captured prisoners in, but he still takes a wrong turn and has to backtrack a couple times.
Multiple times.
“Yes.” Castiel smiles into his mug before he sips. “It was after his entire unit got captured and my unit took on the rescue mission. We-”
Sam leads them through a couple turns, then they have to backtrack when one turning leads to a dead end.
The guard unsheathes his sword, then fiddles with the key ring at his waist. The door creaks open, and Sam tenses.
Sam nods and goes to the cart with him. Bobby shoves a blanket for Sam to wrap himself in and begins to tend to the scratches bleeding down his chest and arms. They aren’t so very deep, so all Bobby really does is to disinfect them and bandage them up.
going to be pleased.
It’s clear that pressing further will get him nowhere, so Sam bites his tongue. He walks to his horse and checks the saddle. Behind him, there’s silence for a moment. Then:
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“Thanks.” Sam finishes the last of his stew. “I definitely wasn’t expecting to run into any family here, though. Hell, I didn’t even know Bobby had moved.”
“Yeah,” he says, softly. Then he shakes off the sudden gloom. “So. Tell me, tell me everything.”
Cas looks at him, and he has a very pleased look in his eyes that is almost triumphant.
The knot in his throat tightens as Dean answers, voice rough with suppressed emotion, "Cas is dead."
Dean throws up his hands.
Cas gasps in shock when Dean touches him, pulling just far enough back to look into Dean's eyes, his mouth half opened and Dean immediately yanks the angel's head forward with his free hand mashing their lips together as they both stroke each other, Dean teaching Cas how to properly handle a cock, sliding his thumb over the uncovered slit, pleased to find that Jimmy had apparently been a
Dean laughs shakily.
Sam sits there, quiet, stunned by this tale. He gets up and walks to the window, wrapping his head around that level of cruelty. Around the idea that magic was real, not just stories. He has always thought there might be something, whether God as the church held, or spirits as the pagans did. But to be confronted with it, in such a way...
about how Dean sees their relationship.
Michael rolls his eyes, but says to the advisors, "Let him have his way. It matters little."
“Did you just...smell me?”
Castiel smiles, a slight thing.
"If I ever see you again, I will stab you in your face."
Sam’s eyebrows go up.
“I’m glad.”
Dean laughs bitterly.
“I’ll stop following you if you’ll stop being an idjit and follow me. We’ve got a real chance to break this curse of yours, boy.”
Then Dean starts laughing.
“Not a dream,” Cas agrees. “Still real.”
Sam rolls his eyes. "Even betas have a sense of smell, and I've lived with you for most of my life. It's be weird if I didn't know your scent, and trust me, it's changed. And it's way stronger than it should be for someone who is null."
"That's bullshit," he finally says.
“Why would it make me feel better?”
Dean lets him, still memorizing the shape and feel of Cas’s face. Then he cups the back of Cas’s neck and pulls him into a slow kiss.
“Yep,” Sam agrees.
The view is stunning. This high up, he has a view over the forest below, and can see for miles upon miles. The sun hasn’t yet set, but the low fall of light still paints the landscape in gorgeous colors.
“Yes.” They’d covered this, he thought.
“A few.” He’d been running through the list of them in his head for the past two hours, unable to sleep. “What happened? What on earth did they do to get cursed like that? And-
They haven’t lit a fire, and they sit holding hands watching the sky as twilight falls. They want to be sure the curse is truly broken, not just Castiel’s half.
"Captain. Have you tracked down the criminal?”
“Sam will be fine,” Cas says, but he sounds distracted.
Castiel looks at him.
Sam holds his gaze.
As he steps around the wolf, something about it catches on his awareness. His gaze flickers for just a second, trying to pinpoint the anomaly. Ishim rises, and Castiel’s attention snaps back.
“But-”
Sam shakes his head. “Maybe if I get that desperate for moving.” He sticks a hand out of the blankets and winces. “Jesus, it’s cold.” He pulls his hand back under the blanket and stares at the ceiling.
Sam nods.
“I thought you’d be shorter,” the man says. He hesitates. “If I let you up, will you refrain from attacking me?”
“Morning,” he says just as softly back.
Sam flushes. “It’s not that bad.”
“Fine,” he says, and joins Dean again. “I’ll stay. For now.” After all, he can always leave later, if Dean insists on going back to Aquila.
“As I should have done in the first place,” Michael says, and launches into an attack at Castiel, who’s already dodging, going for Zachariah’s lost sword. Dean blocks Michael’s swing and keeps him busy. Then he kicks the general, forcing him back and Castiel attacks. Michael attempts to dodge the blow and the cut scrapes over his armor.
Crouch-walking very uncomfortably, back aching, face screwed up against the smell, Sam sends out another prayer,
Bobby climbs back onto the cart, takes up the reins and clicks to the horses. They start off again, heading for the entrance to the castle. Cas and Sam turn towards the moat.
“You know him?”
Sam sighs. “Yeah, you’re probably used to it. Maybe it’s just me.” He grabs the crossbow and heads into the forest, to get some firewood and, hopefully, find something to kill for a better dinner than the strips of jerky in the saddlebag.
Sam pulls out his own knife. He and Castiel circle Ishim, who has to keep turning his head to keep them in view. He feints towards Sam, who dodges and raises his blade to defend himself, then Ishim goes for Castiel who blocks the blow with a clash of metal. They fight, a flurry of blades, and Sam joins in. Ishim is quick, and holds them both off, though he’s panting with effort.
Castiel opens his eyes, and smiles weakly at Sam.
Cas nods, eyes closed, looking almost overwhelmed. They kiss again, until Castiel breaks it, with a soft, “
Dean shakes his head and stands up.
“Was that not okay?” Cas puts his hand on Dean’s, dragging Dean’s gaze to him. Cas’s furrowed brow is just typical of the angel. He doesn’t get how weird this is, Dean thinks.
“I’ve given it plenty of time, Bobby. Just- let me do this.”
Cas tugs down Dean’s pants. Dean lifts his hips to help, and kicks off the pants, as Cas comes back up, taking his time to kiss Dean’s ankles, his calves. He plants a kiss on each of Dean’s knees which makes Dean laugh, and Cas smiles up at him before he moves up and starts trailing kisses up both thighs.
Sam dismounts his horse, to make a less appealing target, just as one of the archers takes his companions' request and changes targets.
Castiel wonders what that dream was.
"You all know me. Stay out of the way and I won't harm any of you. My business is solely with these two."
“You’re serious?”
“Jerk.”
Dean's face hardens momentarily, as he sees the sun's rays dim.
“So,” he says to it. “You hungry?”
“I believe in miracles, Marquet.”
Dean shrugs, and looks down. He methodically skins the rabbit.
Castiel half smiles.
At breakfast, he comments, "It's kind of warm in here," to Sam who gives him a surprised side eye.
“Oh.”
The next day, there is still snow, but enough of it has begun to turn to slush in the fall air for them to trudge out to the Impala. The further away from the cabin they get, the less snow there is.
The two turn and look at Sam and Bobby.
Sam nods, listening.
“You two as well. Don’t get caught.” Bobby’s tone is grumpy, then he relents and gets down to embrace Sam. “Come here, boy.”
Sam considers, and his stomach growls, deciding for him.
“Dean,” Castiel sounds unsure, but he doesn't release the hunter. “Is this...okay?” the words come out hesitantly, like the angel isn't sure what the right ones are. “Do you really want this? It isn't just your...your heat affecting you?”
They find a deck of cards in a drawer and though it is missing a couple cards they make due and play a game of Texas Hold ’Em to pass the time.
Anger instantly replaced with concern, he yanks at the shirt, ignoring the swat Sam aims at him.
"And Samuel," Sam adds. He shrugs. "Maybe there's a recessed omega gene in there somewhere. It's hard to tell without a full family history."
Dean undresses and crawls into the cage.
“You think it’ll come back?” Sam asks, clearly expecting a negative answer.
"At last," Zachariah says, staring Dean down. "You've been too cocky by half, showing up here."
Zachariah nods and salutes.
Dean sighs.
“Cas was already working for the army. Commanded a unit of his own. Some distant relation of the general, but not close enough to warrant any special privilege. He and Dean met. You want to see either of them light up, ask about those days. They didn’t immediately get along, but after a while…”
For just a moment, Dean’ entire face lights up. He doesn’t meet Sam’s eyes, looks away, a smile clearly tugging at his lips.
They find a clearing to set up in. Castiel sees to the horses, and Sam finds wood enough to get a fire started. He goes to get a few more sticks from the surrounding area and returns, setting his bounty to the side and joins Castiel in crouching by the fire.
“I don’t know if we can do that,” Sam says, once his brain processes that statement. “Dean-”
“Stick him on the cot,” Bobby says, and turns to rummage in a cabinet. “Then go get me some water from the well out back and put it on to boil.”
Dean glances at the hawk, affectionate and sad.
“Getting him to Bobby in time.”
Dean sheaths his sword and whistles. The hawk turns in the air, flying back to land on his arm.
Dean can’t look at him. His eyes fall to Cas-hawk and he looks away from him too.
Dean freezes, sword arm extended. He'd never thought to hear that voice again. He stares down at the general for half a second, then turns slowly to face the door.
Zachariah follows them out, though he has a different destination. He can feel a headache coming on, his good mood completely vanished.
“I can help keep you both warm,” Castiel says. He offers the trench coat to Sam and the jacket to Dean. Mystified, both take the offered clothing, clearly seeing the practical value of the action.
Cas lays down with Sam and they briefly adjust until they find something comfortable. They end up with Cas's arms wrapped around Sam's chest as well as his wings.
“No way. I barely escaped that place alive, there is no way in
“You said that before.” Sam crosses his arms. “Shouldn’t I decide that?”
“What?” Cas mutters into his shoulder. Oh God, Dean thinks biting back a laugh. He literally has an angel on his shoulder right now. It's hilarious but he doesn't want to startle Cas away.
, it will work. Even if it’s only for a second. And I think it will convince him to try.”
Sam interrupts, “Cas told me this part. What about the curse?”
Bobby nods.
Dean makes a surprised noise, but settles with a grin. "Useful."
“Sam?”
A man is rummaging in the saddlebags. Sam tenses, pulls out his knife. Then as quietly as he can, he stalks towards the would-be thief.
Sam runs a hand through his hair. "You know how humans have secondary genders?"
“I’ve waited three years to hear those bells, Sam, for something-anything-that could give me the edge I need to get into that godforsaken place. You can get me in there, Sam, and I can finally kill that son of a bitch.”
“Paper?” he repeats.
Another few minutes, another few yards. The sewer splits, and with no indication of light, Sam takes a guess at his location and turns right. It splits soon after and he turns again, wondering if he’s trapped himself in an underground maze.
Dean brings his arm closer to Sam's, and together they get the hawk to change perches. Dean looks at the hawk.
Castiel nods and lifts his wing all the way, releasing him. Dean is almost regretful, but he’s super pleased and happy anyway, and besides Sam is right there. So he gets up and goes over to find that Sam has not in fact eaten the food left out for him.
Dean stares at him, then back at the scratches. He lets go of the shirt and steps back. Sam jerks the fabric back in place and wraps his blanket around himself again.
The wolf growls, but it stops when it turns and sees the man. The man squats down, holding a hand out to the beast. Sam is disbelieving. “What the hell is he doing?”
“I can switch with you Bobby.”
Something moves against his legs and he bites back a yelp. He’s fairly certain that was not a rat...unless it was a more-than-unusually large one. Sam decides it’s best not to think about it and forces himself onward.
Dean looks at him in surprise.
Their swords clash as Dean blocks the strike, the ring of metal echoing in the vaulted ceilings of the hall. He disengages then strikes back with a slash. Zachariah jumps back to avoid the blow.
Michael’s face remains impassive.
“Was that...was that acceptable? What I did?” Cas's voice is low and his breath is warm in Dean's ear.
“What did he say?”
Castiel finds his dagger lying in the dirt and picks it up. He stalks towards the two, steel gaze on the wolf hunter.
Dean heads into the stall, taking one of the saddlebags inside with him. Sam turns and heads out.
“It’s a very… apt comparison.”
Sam considers.
“Easy there, it’s okay,” he soothes. “You’re going to be fine.
Zachariah’s mouth thins. “Enough of this.” He signals the attack
Ishim smiles, and it does not meet his eyes.
The bird flies up and lands on the roof of the woodshed and shrieks at him, then it flaps and takes off again, calling as it circles over the fortress. Sam watches it for just a moment, praying this is in fact the last time that will ever happen.
Castiel leans against a tree, wrapped in both his cloak and Dean’s in an attempt to stay warm. He contemplates making the effort to build up the fire, but doesn’t move.
He thinks of Dean’s reaction to the open marriage they had seen in the Fred Jones’ case. He thinks of how often he had seen similar things in cultures long gone, furtively hidden in cultures still here today. He hadn’t understood until now that that was because of the difficulty involved.
Sam obliges and Bobby leads him to a room, handing the bird back to Sam.
Sam curses and follows at a run.
Dean buries his face in the angel's shoulder gasping and he breathes in hard, and tastes Cas's scent. It's not just arousal he's scenting, it's ozone and heather, honey and the smell of dust after rain. There's a word for that, he thinks fuzzily, but the feeling of the angel's hand stroking his cock is too distracting. Dean breathes in the angel's scent once more, moans, “Cas,” and kisses the angel's neck as his own hand finds its own way into Cas's pants.
“You wouldn’t,” Dean says. “Trust me.”
Dean half laughs.
“Yes, we talked a bit.” Sam decides not to mention getting bested by the man. “He says hello, by the way.”
Sam knows from the journey on the prison wagon to the fortress that there is a town not far distant. He heads in that direction, the cold air burning, his wet clothes freezing in the chill fall air. He keeps moving, one foot in front of the other, rubbing his arms for warmth.
Castiel shrugs. He’d long since lost concern for them. The army had become his family, or close enough for him. Then there had been Dean, and then Bobby. Perhaps Sam now as well. He isn’t sure about that last one, how long Sam will choose to stick around.
Dean spears the rabbit forcefully.
“Yes,” Cas murmurs, barely loud enough for Sam to hear. The angel places a kiss on his forehead, then says into Sam’s ear, “You are worried about Dean. Don’t be. I will talk to him tomorrow. For now though, you should rest.”
The day is another boring one, cooped up in the cabin, the blizzard still raging outside. Sam seems distracted and out of sorts and Dean can’t really blame him.
The general is
A few moments of thrust and parry is all it takes to disarm the general. Dean gains a cut upon his right cheek during the fight, such as it was, but the blood dripping off his chin and rolling down his throat doesn’t even register to him.
Zacharaiah just snorts, and he turns to kick his heels. His remaining guards follow him. The hawk flies after and dives to harry them more.
Nothing does.
When Cas pulls back, Dean finds himself embarrassingly start to chase after, but he stops and opens his eyes, the fizzing warmth in his veins not settling.
"Yes sir."
The bird cocks its head and makes a shrill chirrup noise.
“I’m sure.” And Dean is. “Are you?”
“That’s what I would have said about men turning into hawks and wolves five days ago.”
“Morning Cas,” Sam says. They look at each other another moment, something odd flickering over Sam’s face. Sam turns his face away and starts to get up. Then he stops himself with a faint laugh. “Normally I’d go for a quick run but I suppose that’s not happening.”
Castiel hums, and they just look out over the landscape together.
“That said, I have zero interest in seeing you and him do anything that is not fully clothed.”
“You okay?” Sam asks, coming to stand beside Castiel.
He forces his mind away from his brother and foster father left back there in the camp, drives back the guilt of how he’d lashed out at them. He thinks instead of Michael, letting the rage inside him boil up and keep him warm.
Dean mounts the horse. Sam watches as the hawk circles above them, then follows as Dean leads the way in the opposite direction from the guards, farther away from Aquila.
“It’s over,” Dean tells him. “You’ve lost.”
, hands and knees in front of him, he’ll take that one’s part of the curse and put it on the other. One human, one animal, no more changing for either.”
“You shut your mouth,” he growls, and shoves Sam to get past him, to go to Impala. Sam steps back to avoid the shove, but Dean makes contact with his chest still and Sam hisses in pain.
Dean rolls his eyes, tired of pretending.
It takes him a moment of looking through the user dashboard of "noonesuspectsimsam0502" for him to realize what, exactly, it is. A website for fiction. Fiction based on other fiction.
"Now. Look at us." It takes effort to keep his voice from cracking completely.
“Everything is good,” the angel tells him.
“Not a dream,” he says. “Good.”
Dean laughs faintly, as he tucks his outer jacket into a saddlebag, then fondly pats Impala’s neck.
“While I would like nothing more, I doubt he will return so soon.”
"There should be a hawk with him. A...spirited one."
Castiel shrugs a shoulder and begins to read again. “Or perhaps they just think it’s more sexually appealing this way.”
“Dean,” he whisper-moans.
Cas nods.
The wolf makes it halfway before Sam and Bobby finish their trap and go to hide behind the cart. They are only partially there, when the wolf is only ten feet out and the ice cracks beneath its paws. It scrabbles for purchase as the ice cracks further, then breaks entirely.
Sam curls himself onto the stool across from Dean, collapsing in on himself, suddenly looking like the scared little boy Dean remembers reassuring every time their dad left them alone for weeks on end in dingy hotel rooms with dirty coverlets and buzzing fluorescent lights. Sam’s big hands flex on the cool metal tabletop, thumb smoothing back and forth over his palm in a leftover reflex from the months he spent hallucinating Lucifer.
Mouths at the soft stretch of skin under Cas’s ear, prays
This early morning walk has two purposes. The first is to pluck the tree’s final offerings for the year, the second is to ask it’s permission. Dean isn’t going to track down Chuck, if he’s even still alive, to ask for his permission. Fuck that. Cas’s grace though? Dean figures it’s only polite to ask considering it used to be an important part of his angel. He’s pretty sure he knows what the answer will be. Castiel’s grace always did like him.
Dean smiles, completely and utterly delighted with himself. Its not often Castiel, Angel of the Lord looks completely dumbfounded, but he’s managed to do it. “Cas” he says softly “I’ve loved you for years sweetheart, I will love you for the rest of my life. We’re going to get old together.”
Silence reigns over the dungeon broken only by the sobs of a man shattered beyond recognition. Dean has felt himself die before, but it’s never felt like this. How can he die alive? He’s been a dead man walking before, gallows humour is the old-faithful of coping mechanisms when your life is one apocalypse after another. This though, this isn’t that. This is the thing that makes good men go mad.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to fill his bucket with the last apples of the season, dropping them into the sturdy container one by one until it’s full. Before turning back up the house, he pauses and rests a hand on the rough bark of the trunk one last time, mentally projecting gratitude with all the force he can muster.
Hoisting the bucket up once more he makes his way back up the gravel drive, pausing at the seventh fencepost to grab his coffee mug from the nail on the way.
Stepping out the front door mug in hand, Dean makes sure to close it softly behind him. Even though Cas’ll be up in an hour to greet him at the door with a fresh cup of coffee to warm him up, he knows his angel would be ferociously unhappy to be woken earlier. Cas had once accused Dean of being an angry sleeper, completely failing to recognize how poorly he himself reacted to mornings. Dean loves morning-Cas. Sleep rumpled and grumpy with his hurricane hair and squinty eyes, morning Cas looks soft in his blue plaid pajamas, wrapped up in a shirt stolen from Dean.
Needing to see him Dean turns, leaning back against the cool tile of the shower wall, hand slowing to a lazy glide as he makes eye contact. He drops his shoulders, rolls his hips, catches the swell of his bottom lip between his teeth as he looks at the angel through his lashes. Cas’s eyes rake down his body to where the thick head of Dean’s cock disappears into the tight grip of his fingers. Pupils blown, only a thin ring of blue visible around black, Castiel stands in front of him looking absolutely
Cas blinks, surprised. Dean think he looks like a rumpled up, startled little owl and it makes his chest ache, so unbearably fucking fond. “God, you’re cute.” He says.
“Dean?”
It’s the work of seconds to pull two tumblers and a bottle of whiskey from the cupboards. As much as Dean wants to go back to his room and watch over the unconscious angel in his bed, his first job has always been to take care of Sammy.
Standing in the stillness of the dungeon with the pounding of fists on the door ringing in his ears, Dean’s expression is torn open; the visual equivalent of nails scraping over exposed nerves.
The water pressure in the bunker has always been one of Dean’s top favorite things about having a permanent home base. Drawing the curtain closed on his favourite shower stall, the one right at the end of the row tucked away in the back corner, Dean hangs his towel on the hook outside and steels himself against the momentary coolness of the chilly underground air.
he thinks deliriously,
Buried in the heart of the orchard is Dean’s favorite tree. It’s not the biggest one, nor does it have the highest yield, but it does have his and Cas’s initials carved into the trunk. More importantly, this is where the last piece of Cas’s grace resides.
Leaning forward, Dean cups a calloused hand around his angel’s cheek, thumb running lightly over the corner of Castiel’s plush lower lip before he leans in to brush their lips together. “I love you too” he whispers.
On the seventh day they beat Chuck and Dean doesn’t kill him. He wants to, can feel the ache in his trigger finger, but he refrains. Chuck doesn’t know it yet, but he’s going to be useful one last time.
The farm is small as orchards go, but the surrounding forest makes it seem so much larger. It’s quiet in the early fall mornings, only the small rustling sounds of soaked fallen leaves coating the grass under his boots and the soft cawing of crows for company.
Dean whirls around, heart in his throat, overwhelming relief flooding through him. Flat on his back in Dean’s bed, hair an absolute disaster, his angel squints up at him from the nest of blankets.
he can see reflected back at him and his hips jerk, sliding them together in slick heat of Cas’s palm.
Sitting at a table in an uncomfortable chair watching the security footage of Cas being taken from him over and over Dean gets drunk.
In his mind he hears the rough gravel of Cas’s voice,
It hadn’t been long after Jack brought Cas back from the Empty the second time that Cas had decided to become human again. Dean and Cas had only officially been together for a month at that point, they’d just gotten the keys to the farmhouse, had been sitting together on the front porch looking out at the tiny orchard, basking in the thrill of having a home of their own. I want to grow old with you Cas had said.
Anger gone, Sam doesn’t look him in the eye when he whispers “I thought you’d killed yourself.”
Dean’s soul is screaming screaming screaming through the white noise in his head as black erupts from the bunker wall, sick and roiling towards his angel. A last touch, Cas’s hand blood-hot on his shoulder shoving him out of the way and all Dean can do is fall back and pray.
The angel who entered his life in flashes of electric light leaving it drowning in darkness seems like a particularly cruel parallel, one that could only be written by a capricious god capable of unprecedented cruelty.
Clutching a steaming cup of coffee in one hand and a hopeful second cup in the other, Dean backs through his bedroom door and plunks both mugs down on the small table beside the uncomfortable olive couch he’s been camped out on for the better part of two days.
It had been their first fight. Dean had bypassed the romance of the moment entirely and gone straight to panicking over the thought that Castiel some day would die. Eventually though, they’d come down to the orchard and Cas had used the last scrap of his grace to heal the carved initials into a scar on the thick trunk.
Dean’s gone, eyes closed and facing the wall as Castiel steps fully clothed into the shower stall, bare feet silent on the wet tiles. Unable to stop himself, uncaring of the ruin of his suit, he presses close up against the naked back in front of him, gets his hands on Dean’s hips and grinds the aching hardness trapped in his pants against his ass. Voice dropped down into the gutter he grits out “Dean, your prayers – I –“ he’s cut off by the low choked out groan that erupts from his throat when Dean grinds back against him, once, twice. “Dean.” And this time it’s a warning.
So he and Cas have been talking. Talking a whole hell of a lot. They’ve spent hours hashing out old hurts, apologizing with words and lips and teeth and touch. They’d come close to having an actual fight when Castiel had been told about Jack’s new position as God, narrowly avoided by Dean’s realization that he too had hoped that the four-year-old wouldn’t be subject to the crushing responsibility of the universe.
Dean threads his fingers though Cas’s hair, the strands wet-black and soft in his fingers.
The orchard is coated in a thick blanket of mist, rising sun casting long shadows through slowly browning branches. Autumn came early this year, and hard. October is waning, the true frigidity of November beckons. Soon the small farm will be blanketed in white, softening the landscape with the simple poetry of snow.
, Castiel thinks with greater certainty.
It’s that thought that brings Dean back to earth. That’s the thought that has him stretching numbed muscles and standing on unsteady legs. He pockets his phone, not bothering to check the messages. Debates changing his jacket, decides against it. He wants a piece of Cas on him when he bends God to his will.
He hadn’t meant to pray, had been too caught up in the fantasy to even consider that this type of longing could constitute prayer. Castiel had once told him that good things do happen, and this, this has Dean thinking that he was right about that.
“I wish I hadn’t told you about that.” Dean groans.
Being very careful not to further damage the book, he sets it down on the little side table beside the plush leather chair he’d been sitting in and heads towards the shower room.
“A dream is a wish your heart makes” Sam says sweetly
Castiel completely ignores him, trailing those chapped lips down Dean’s neck, mouthing across his shoulder. Dean fumbles with the buttons on Cas’s soaked shirt, white fabric translucent and thin under his unsteady fingers. He gets one button open, two, three, and there, finally Dean gets his hands on skin. Pushes his hands up under the clinging fabric to rake his blunt nails down the muscles of Cas’s back. The angel shudders against him, presses in, grinding as he bites down on Dean’s shoulder.
Annoying an ancient cosmic entity shouldn’t have worked the first time, and it definitely shouldn’t have worked twice but there is no one in this universe more stubborn that a Winchester in love.
The angels don’t deign to answer.
Deans’ boots are water resistant, thick red socks insulating his toes from the dew drops gracing each blade of grass. He’s after the last of the apples this morning, sweet from the cold, ripe and ready for picking. This is Dean’s favorite part of the harvest, this last morning with the sweetest crop. These are his pie making apples.
Finally accepting the proffered mug, Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s temple, “Come on, got something to show you.”
The prayer
Dean doesn’t know that the last words Castiel ever broadcasts over angel radio are layered over a symphony of joy and love and hope and a distinctly un-angelic air of self satisfaction.
Chapped lips brush across his, once, then again. “You’re pretty.”
Always the tactician, Cas had identified a problem and solved it.
Even in his mind, Dean’s voice is raw, half-crazed. He gives up on rational thought, tightens his grip on Castiel’s hair, sends a wordless prayer that hits the angel’s mind like elation and electricity.
Castiel wakes in increments, awareness slowly creeping up on him through a fog of oblivion. Textures come to him first. The slight roughness of a blanket over his bare feet, cool softness of a pillow under his cheek, the familiar slip of Jimmy Novak’s cheap suit pants over his legs. His body feels cradled in this bed, because he’s in a bed.
Worried at not having seen his brother surface for breakfast by 11 am, Sam goes to relieve Dean of his bedside vigil. Expecting to see him huddled on the couch in the corner, Sam is momentarily caught off guard by the empty puddle of blankets.
The entire tree is gloriously in bloom, impossible frothy white flowers decking every little branch, the tree smells like spring. Dean had figured it would approve if it heard him, but this seems like the arboreal equivalent of a standing ovation.
Dean whimpers again turned on beyond belief. He’s close, so close, can feel the heat pooling low in his gut. Beyond words, he closes his eyes, surrendering to the pleasure.
Dean scrubs a hand over the back of his neck, a small smile warring with annoyance on his face. “Well shit.” He grumbles, “Kinda wanted to say it out loud the first time.”
Cas had marched down the driveway one day to hammer it in almost violently. See, the problem was that Dean’s coffee was never quite done by the fourth fence post, but he would get sick of holding onto it and toss it to the ground by the tenth. Mug half hidden by the long grass; he would always forget to pick it up on the way back up to the house. Repeat until they were out of mugs in the house and Dean had to make a precarious walk back up the driveway with too many mugs hanging from every finger and spilling out of his arms.
Cas’s expression is new too, tears pouring from those blue eyes while a beatific smile graces those chapped lips. “I love you”
Dean doesn’t realize he’s crying until Castiel brings a hand up to cup his cheek, thumb smoothing away tears as Dean’s voice breaks. Blue eyes meet green as the angel murmurs condolences “I’m sorry. It was the last thing I wanted to do. I didn’t intend to burden you Dean, I just wanted you to be safe.”
Dean doesn’t know how long it takes. He doesn’t need to eat, doesn’t need to sleep, doesn’t get tired. In this place that just
For the second time that morning, Dean finds himself with an armful of ex-angel as Castiel kisses him blind. When they draw apart, panting slightly, Dean smiles tentatively “Was that a yes?”.
“Yup.” Dean acknowledges, pleased that Cas knows it on sight.
He doesn’t have the breath in his lungs to yell, but he yells anyways “Come on out you ugly sonofabitch, you go someone of mine and I want him back.”
Still on his knees beside the bed, Dean’s lips drop open as he flushes, pink washing across his cheekbones and creeping down his neck. “You heard that?”
Cas had quirked a suggestive brow, shot him a heated look from under his lashes,
“Dean, you left a note that said, and I quote “Going to get Cas, back soon.”” Sam hissed
Castiel’s eyes soften, kiss-swollen lips curving up in a small smile “I love you too”.
painting Dean’s chest as he shoots all over him.
Dean’s head snaps back, in his minds eye he sees himself dropping his head back onto Castiel’s shoulder as the angels’ lips twitch up in a filthy smile. Dean groans, fingers tightening, palm moving slow and slick, expertly working himself towards incoherency.
Dean had expected Cas to be unsure of himself in bed, almost the same awkward blushing celestial virgin he’d been back on their first last night on earth when Dean had promised that Castiel wouldn’t die a virgin. Somewhere along the way the angel had figured out exactly what he likes and wasn’t shy about making it happen. When Dean had mentioned it the response he got –
Cas lifts his head to glare at him, blue eyes narrowed “This is not how prayer is meant to be used Dean.”
Dean nods, dropping heavily onto his seat at the kitchen table, bone tired after however long spent in the endless expanse of the Empty searching for Castiel. “Well yeah Sammy, that’s what I did.” He says evenly, doing is level best to sound reasonable.
“Dean” Cas breathes, “I don’t know if you are aware, but you are praying very loudly right now.”
, Cas thinks hazily.
Gravel crunches underneath Dean’s boots as he walks down the long unpaved drive, parallel to the apple fields. He likes to start at the bottom of the orchard, working his way back up to the house as the sun rises, golds and pinks painting the Adirondack chairs sitting side by side on the front porch in a rosy kind of glow. It makes their home look like the dream that it is, safe and warm and full of love so strong that Dean’s almost embarrassed by it.
“So close, you’re so close for me aren’t you Dean? You were before, praying to me under the water while you fucked your fist wishing it was mine.” Voice in the gutter, Cas leans forward to suck another mark onto Dean’s neck, rolling the skin between his teeth before soothing the sting with his tongue.
he chants in his head
“Don’t you sit there and look at me in that tone of voice you absolute
The first one had been a joke, a six-year-old Sam having made it for Dean in his first-grade class, stubbornly insisting that it was because Dean did “mom stuff” and that made him Sam’s mom. Dean had taken one look at it and had burst into tears, sobs shaking his tiny chest as he bowed into himself, intensely grateful that John wasn’t there to see him break down. When it was over and Dean could breathe again, he assured a concerned Sam that he hadn’t done anything wrong. Those were happy tears.
Dean loses time sitting there under the low hum of electric lights, carried away by a current of grief so overwhelming that even Sam’s repeated calls can’t haul him out of it.
He’s never tried to communicate directly with grace before, but he figures it can’t be too different from praying right? Resettling his forehead against the bark, Dean conjures up an image in his head. Soft glowing white-blue flowing gently through sap and wood and leaves, perfect vitality, heaven and earth in one. Holding the image in his mind, strangely nervous, Dean holds his heart open and asks.
The prayer startles him, a bright spark of light the same colour as Dean’s soul.  It winds around Cas’s mind like a friendly cat, rubbing itself up against his grace, half joy and the other half barley restrained desperation.
Cas turns to him. “Blooming is not correct seasonal behaviour for that tree.”
The things I am going to do to you Dean, you have no idea. The ways I am going to make you come,” Cas groans, mouth never leaving Dean’s neck. He pauses to leave the indents of his teeth in skin before continuing “You can’t possibly imagine what it’s like to hear you pray that way, can’t imagine the things it makes me want to do to you.”
Cas makes the noise again, reaches down, frees himself from the soaking confines of his suit pants, gathers them together in one big hand. Gets his other hand under Deans jaw, tilts his head to make eye contact. Dean’s breathing goes ragged at the sheer
Gooseflesh pebbling his skin, he quickly turns the knobs to just the right side of boiling hot and leans back to avoid the initial spray of ice water before stepping under the waterfall of heat. It doesn’t take long for the water to lull him into a state of relaxation, the relentless pounding of the water working loose the muscles in his shoulders and back.
Dean grabs his coffee off the banister to finish on the walk down to the bottom of the orchard, cradling it between his palms to savour the warmth. The biggest mug he owns, its part of a matching set Jack had given him and Cas on Fathers Day. It reads WORLDS BEST MOM in bold letters.  Dean knows Sam must have helped Jack to pick out his and Cas’s gifts, must have told Jack about the Mother’s Day cards Sam had hand made for Dean year after year.
he thinks, eyes shifting over to the bed –
“Dean. That’s our tree.” Cas says.
Scent comes next. Gun oil, leather, whiskey. Clean laundry smelling sheets, the ghost of cheap shampoo on the pillow.
Dean thinks hazily,
“Thanks man. No idea how we’re gonna do this considering I’m legally dead and Cas is technically Jimmy Novak, but we’ll figure it out.”
Nothing happens. No thunder, no lightening, no sudden gust of wind. Nothing. Feeling foolish, Dean internally shakes his head at himself. Even trees that have grace in them aren’t sentient. Letting out a slow breath, he lifts his head and opens his eyes, and goes completely still.
Dean hums, pressing a kiss into the disaster Cas calls hair. “Good morning sunshine. Come have coffee with me outside?”
Brows drawing together in a glare, Dean’s voice is wrecked when he answers “Burden me? Are you fucking kidding me right now Cas? You tell me you love me and then you just fucking die on me?”
Cas blinks again, and then ignores him. “Why did you ask my grace a question?”
“Oh, I asked it if I could ask you to marry me.” Dean says, deliberately casual.
Dean nods “Little bit, but the sun’s up. Cold’s burning off. Everything’s all gold and pretty.”
Cas wearing Dean’s clothes makes Dean borderline feral.
Dean rests his head against the thick trunk of the tree and closes his eyes, breathing slowly, calming his mind. He’d never say it out loud, but he swears he can feel Cas’s grace in the tree.
Imagines Cas pressing harder in behind him, hips working, sucking bruises into his neck, possessive marks left for anyone to see.
What Dean failed to realize about the Empty before he stepped inside of it is that it is simultaneously a place and a thing and a being while also being none of those things at all. The Empty just
Crashing their mouths together on a punched-out sound, Cas keeps stroking them together, thumb working the head of Dean’s leaking cock and that’s all it takes. Dean fucks up into Cas’s grip, body chasing the touch as he comes with a choked off curse, profanity and Cas’s name spilling from his lips as his brain blanks and his vision goes white. That’s all it takes for Castiel because Dean’s still praying. An incoherent litany of filth mainlined directly into the angel’s brain and Cas is
“Cas” Dean says, words falling off his lips low and ragged “You gotta – I need –
“Dean?”
Eyes wide, Cas nods wordlessly.
Long forgotten, the coffee gets cold sitting on the side table.
” and the supplication is a prayer.
Cas straightens up and outright glares at him. “What exactly, did you ask it?”
“Thank you.” He rasps, voice cracking with gratitude.
Cas looks up at him, squinty eyed “It’s cold.” He rumbles accusingly.
A month later, John was away on another hunt and Dean found a Father’s Day card on top of the thin pillow of his bed in their motel room. That morning he pretended not to be hungry because there wasn’t enough cereal for the both of them, and Sammy needed it more than he did. Besides, he didn’t know when John was coming back, and he had to make their last ten dollars last until he did. His job has always been to take care of Sammy.
“Jody called, we uh – “, he starts. “We got a case. Vamps nest, not too far from here. Eileen and I are going, you guys wanna come?”
, he notices. Whatever that means – before finally looking up and making eye contact. Cas’s eyes are blue and steady and
But there’s still something he needs to say, something he needs Cas to know and why are these words so hard, he’s used them before after all. But they were different back then. Since Cas used them, they’ve changed.
Or an envelope and a box whacked on the book in front of him where he was just deciphering a spell.
Silence. Then, “I don’t regret what I did, Dean. I did what I had to to safe you.”
“Hey …”
His hands still.
, because apparently Dean is allowed to do this now and there is nothing holding Dean back because he’s free, finally free, and he wants this. There is a low noise of surprise in the back of Cas throat and that does things to Dean, so he opens Cas’ mouth and deepens the kiss. And they are so close,
Instead, he should be thinking about how he’s gonna tell Sam. It’s not even the fact that he will have to say,
Now to the talking part.
He feels Cas’ eyes on him, but he doesn’t turn his head.
And yes, this is so typical for Dean, to change the topic to food when emotions are involved. Castiel thinks it might be his way to say how much he cares.
“Well, that was … weird”, Sam speaks his mind.
He should tell him that.
He knows the language of food, it’s easy. Definitely easier than to say
He focuses in on Cas’ eyes. They’re blue.
He holds tight onto Cas’s hip because if he lets go, he thinks he will break, or fall, or both.
“Well, it’s Cas.”, he says as if that explains anything. “He was always in love with you.”
No, that’s not allowed. He looks away.
Close enough. “Something like that.”
Except now he does.
Yep. Fun.
He scoffs.
Castiel frowns at what Dean threw in front of him then frowns at Dean. He is still showing no intention of explaining, his back towards Castiel, moving the groceries out of the bag and into the cabinets. Castiel frowns back at the kitchen island again. The box is small and black. There are wet patches on the envelope where the raindrops hit it. Castiel reaches out to the envelope first. There are documents inside.
When Castiel takes a sip from his coffee it is already cold and stale. He grunts and pulls a face. Castiel has come to love coffee during his time as a human. He probably drinks way too much of it if Sam’s eyebrows and comments are to be believed but he can’t help it. Castiel also found out that he isn’t much of a morning person, and if he happened to drink coffee around the clock now instead of just in the mornings, well, “sue him”, as Dean would say. Dean probably doesn’t help, offering and bringing him coffee at least five times a day.
He nods. Of course he wants lasagne. All of Dean’s food is amazing.
it, always, in every situation. He gets lost in reading, not even noticing that he doesn’t notice anything else anymore. Then, something would suddenly snap him out of it. Dean waving his hand in front of his face, repeating his question with an amused smile, or Eileen tapping his shoulder to get his attention.
He’s kissing his best friend,
Dean feels like he should respond to that, something like “yeah, right”, but Cas continues, “Everyone can understand poetry as long as one can feel it.”
. It’s not unusual for him to wear Dean’s clothes either, at least at home. Dean doesn’t know why he doesn’t wear his own clothes, since he has them now, but he doesn’t mind; he likes it, rather: seeing Cas in his old Led Zeppelin shirt, drinking coffee, squinting at the paper.
He continues, a little bit more careful, “I just wasn’t sure if you were … you know.”
Next to them Cas and Eileen chat. Yes. Actual chatting like fourteen-year-old girls. Dean isn’t fluid enough in ASL to understand everything, but he gets the picture. He looks away, down at his plate. “Right”, he mumbles again more to himself than anyone else. When he looks back up, he finds a smug grin on Sam’s face.
He shakes his head. “You keep saying that. You just – you assume what I –“, he stops, presses a fist to his mouth. But he needs to say something before Cas can leave again, because he
Dean just got him back and this time he won’t just stand there, useless and unable to stop him, to say anything, because
And yeah okay, he says it. And it does something to Dean, hearing it. And he thinks that maybe this isn’t so bad, that maybe he can get used to Cas using that name as his own, used to others using that name when they talk of Cas, because, after all,
More footsteps, getting closer, shuffling, a deep breath. “Dean, I know I can’t have what I – what I want.”
, okay? But then we –“
The door opens and Cas looks surprised, frowns, opens his mouth; probably to ask Dean what he’s doing here, why he pulled away earlier, what the hell it is he wants from him, but Dean doesn’t let him talk – half because Cas might say
“Right.” Really, where was his eloquence today? “So, you’re … good.”
Cas lays his left hand –
“Then what –“
Because they need to talk. Because Dean and Cas are married. Because Cas signed the papers while they were cooking. Or at least Dean thinks he did since he couldn’t actually bring himself to look at it. He wonders which name Cas chose, wonders how he’d feel if Cas didn’t take his name –
He is right.
but that
Cas sighs, letting his hands fall in a very dramatic gesture – and yeah Dean loves this, this human Cas – before starting again. “What does – what is marriage?”, he squints at the ceiling. “Does it solely exist for tax benefits? Or is it a ‘covenant in the presence of God’? How can it be before God if he – “
“He’s in heaven. There’s no hate, no anger, no fear.” He pauses, turns his head to look at Dean. “He can’t see you, not in the way you think, but – in his own way … he loves you.”
“What?” He turns back around because
It is just Castiel in the bunker now, Sam having left an hour before to meet up with Eileen, and Dean still not being back. Castiel stands up, groans quietly when his back pops, takes his mug in one hand, the book in the other so as not to waste time, and goes to the kitchen. When he wants to fill up his next dose of caffeine, he finds the pot empty. Did he not just fill it up?
Castiel forgets his surroundings again until Dean moves away to finish the lasagne.
Shit.
Chuck is gone. Dean is free.
“It means your family, Cas”, he starts. “You were always family but now people see the ring and they – they know. They know we’re family. You and me. Now they know. Now they can’t … can’t just – “,
Just one day, that’s all he asks for; one day with his family. And really that’s not a lot to ask for after everything Dean’s been through, after everything he sacrificed. But he hears footsteps rounding the kitchen isle, diminishing the safe space between them.
They should say something.
but Dean keeps his jaw set because if he says something wrong Cas might leave again.
but for once he doesn’t care, and he thinks Cas should have fucked up years ago because his lips are warm and softer than he thought and his heart is racing and he shouldn’t be liking this but
When they break apart, they are both breathing heavily.
“We don’t -- we don’t have to tell Sam”, he continues. “Or -- y’know, or anyone.”
Cas looks at him again and then moves closer until they are flush together, Dean’s hand around his shoulder, Cas’ wrapped around his chest.
And that’s not really what he needed to say but it’s close enough.
Dean still doesn’t look at him, but he has stopped moving the groceries that are still laid out before him. Castiel rounds the kitchen island to stand next to him. He is looking at his hands, probably doesn’t dare to look Castiel in the eye for fear of rejection.
“Hey”, he mumbles, nodding at them. “So, uh”, he takes a quick look over his shoulder as if wanting to escape the situation before he continues. “I’m gonna go out for a while. Grab some stuff on my way. You need anything?” He was gesturing with his hand before stuffing them in his pockets. A sign of nervousness, Castiel notes. He has seen people do it before.
“Dean …”
Dean huffs, looks on the ground.
“Don’t stop”, he mumbles after the silence has stretched on for a bit.
“What does it mean?”
“It means we’re married”, and there, he said it again,
Right. “Right.”
“I – shit, Cas – how do you fucking know?” There it is.
When the box opens it reveals an embedded ring. It is plain and made of silver. He picks it up, carefully, as if not to break it. Of course the ring wouldn’t break, not that easy, but whatever it means could. There is an engraving on the inside.
And Dean tells himself it’s okay, kissing boys, but he shuts his eyes tightly just in case,
Best to just rip it off, right?
He can basically
Sam keeps frowning.
“Will do”
Ah. There it is.
“Then what?” But Dean doesn’t respond so he prompts, “Made up?”
And Dean thinks
“It’s called research, Dean”, Sam chimes in, mockingly, eyebrows raised and pulled together in that typical face he has only ever seen Sam make. “You should try that too sometime.”
There is a short moment of silence – Cas is giving him a last chance to turn around, to say something – before Cas’ steps vanish into the hallway.
“What’s up with you two?”
“How do you know?”
Castiel puts down the book (he isn’t sure why he even picked it up in the first place since he knew the words) and lies down next to Dean. His chest only hurts a little bit while he is adjusting himself. The wound is basically healed.
“Right. Okay.” He licks his lips. Then again, as if to assure himself, “Right.”
Castiel studies the pages in front of him, looking for some kind of clue. But the book is useless, just like all the other books stacked up on the table between Sam and himself. He notices a weird tingling sensation creeping up his left leg. Sam had told him that means it’s falling asleep and that he needs to move. He doesn’t even remember how long he has been sitting in this chair without so much as stretching his legs. Castiel still isn’t used to this kind of feeling. Of course he has felt his body before when he was still an angel. He has felt pain, and touch, and pressure. But he has never felt anything like this before; his body has never responded so strongly to anything. Except pain, maybe. Castiel remembers studying books and reading lore whole nights without so much as growing tired or feeling the need to stretch his limbs. Now, his eyes are getting heavy from looking at the page for too long, he feels a grumbling in his stomach, his back aches, and the tingling in his legs turns into a stinging sensation. He is about to tell Sam as much when he hears Dean walk into the library. He is wearing his jacket and boots. He looks uneasy.
When he was still an angel, Castiel could sense everything that was going on around him. Even while concentrating on a task, he still heard and understood every noise around him, sensed every soul near him. That was why it was practically impossible to startle him. And that is probably why it is so easy to startle him now. Castiel simply doesn’t think about his surroundings because he is still used to just
He starts with “The Road Not Taken”.
Sam is right.
“… that would be good both going and coming back. One could do worse than be a swinger of birches.”
that he keeps thinking something must go wrong because something
He closes his eyes and grips Cas’ hands tighter – and he’s right there and he’s not leaving – and he hopes he understands. He does, he knows he does. Cas always understands.
He scrubs the dishes.
Just what? That happened over twenty years ago. He shouldn’t feel obliged to rules someone imposed on him when he was a teenager, someone who’s dead anyway, someone who had no right in the first place.
And he wonders what would happen if he were to just reach out and pull Cas in and kiss him on the lips, so he shakes his head, and he runs his hand over his mouth and he says, “Fuck it”, and just does it.
Cas doesn’t answer right away, and Dean thinks he might break in those few seconds, then, “What do you think?”
“But Dean. I found my peace with that, a long time ago. I never expected anything to change.”
He doesn’t. He nods in response.
When Cas speaks up it’s quiet but steady, “Dean, your father … he’s proud of you.”
Dean turns his head. Cas looks at him, frowns. “Poetry means whatever you make it, Dean.”
But he doesn’t want that anymore and it’s all going to hell anyway, so he grips the counter and he waits.
But today, instead of exasperated sighs and headshakes, and “give me that”, and “don’t, please”, and “just go read a book or something”, he gets gentle smiles and Dean’s hand on his back, his shoulder, instructions mumbled close to his ear.
He’s heard the poem before, Cas is a sucker for that Frost-guy.
“It doesn’t have to be a big deal”, he repeats, and is that really all he can say? He should explain, he should tell Cas why all of a sudden, why now, why in the first place. He should tell him how they said that
and a
He should tell him that it wrenched his gut when they said that because after all, after
The alarm goes off, they put the lasagne on the table, they sit down, they eat.
When he pulls away Cas’ hands are still gripping his shirt and they are so close they are still breathing each other’s air and his heart is racing so fast in his chest it should topple over.
“It … I – What?”, he splutters.
It doesn’t really matter, anyway. Not right now. Right now, all that matters is Dean’s hand on his hip, steadying him, and his own touching Dean’s jaw. His stubble turned into a scruff lately. He thinks Dean is trying out a new style. Castiel likes it. It feels nice underneath his fingers and so does the wet hair that, if he thinks about it, has also grown a bit longer.
“I can call Garth. I’m sure he’d be happy to help out”
“You keep saying that”, and that’s not what he was supposed to say at all.
“You just assume that you can’t – that I don’t want –“
weird, isn’t he?
Cas’ grip around him tightens.
He scrubs harder. “Waddaya mean?”
“You wanna help?” Dean offers, while giving him a half-smirk and simultaneously biting his lip and raising his eyebrows. Castiel doesn’t know how he does it, putting so much expression in one face, but he loves it. It’s so very Dean.
Confused Sam-smile. “Yeah, obviously”
“Then why can’t you look at me?”
Why is he always doing the wrong thing, why is he always making Cas leave? He doesn’t want him to leave; he wants him to stay.
started it after all,
“We … we just –“
“Dean”, Castiel says again, soft this time.
Across the kitchen he feels Dean quieting too.
that’s what Cas said to him once.
He doesn’t even comment on the funny look Sam gives them when he comes back and when Eileen enters the kitchen he doesn’t even seem to notice. But Castiel does and he immediately regrets looking at them when he realises they are talking – or rather signing – about them. He looks away as quickly as possible. He doesn’t want to know what they are saying, not today, not right now.
And with that the door closes and Dean hopes he’s made the right decision.
“Just come in”
The frown deepens.
“I didn’t”, Cas whispers. And yeah, he didn’t but he might have,
It’s gentle and sweet and
And he lets himself breathe, and he lets himself be in this moment, and he lets himself have something good for once, for now.
They still breathe each other’s air. Cas smells of coffee and old books, of his shampoo and Dean’s clothes. It’s still a new smell but Dean is used to it by now. Before Cas always smelt of nothing, but now, since he’s human, he just smells like
And great, now Sam is in a rage. “What the hell, Dean? He just got back, I thought that’s what you wanted.“
