“Yeah,” she says. “And passionate.”
“My vessel isn’t healing,” Castiel says, because starting with the part of him Dean can grasp, physically and mentally, makes sense. Reports should be ordered. “My shins are damaged, and there are gashes along my torso. I cut my hand. None of it’s healing as fast as it should, as fast as Riva says a human body should heal.”
Dean ignores it. The wheel digs into his hands.
“What about when I beat you almost to death?” Castiel asks. He wavers, standing for one moment in that crypt, and then in the warehouse, before he’s back on the bed with Dean.
“And did you tell him he had to be useful? Did you denigrate him, cut him down?”
“So, you got any idea what you’re trying to pull up from storage?” Dean asks as he sets about making more coffee. “Ballpark?”
That pressure in his chest made it up to his throat, clogging it. It pressed behind his eyes.
“Some kind of seizure. Has this happened before?”
“I have got to have a serious talk with you about this shit,” Dean says into the near silence. “We wouldn’t win one of those game shows, that’s for sure. You know the ones. You must have watched them during your telethon. Gotta say what your partner’s favourite cheese is and if they want a vacation in Narnia.”
Beth nods. She doesn’t meet Riva’s eyes.
He opened his mouth to try again, but a crack and flash of light rocked the cavern, and Bella was on her feet and across the space before it was done with.
He leans against the outside wall of the house, near the kitchen window, and waits until his heartbeat steadies. It shouldn’t be beating the way it is, and he can’t seem to slow it just by thinking, the way he should be able to. The ache in his shoulders, the needles of pain through his shins, the various other hurts, seem to throb in time with it.
“You’re our angel expert, aren’t you?” Dean asks, clearly part-way to mission mode. “Cas is an angel. You stay.”
It takes an age to bring the words up to the surface, to make them spill into the air.
He drifts, because settling into his damaged body - bodies - is too much and not enough and he doesn’t know how to fix it. He has never been taught how to fix himself. His mission is failing.
“Yeah,” Beth says. “I don’t- Listen, I don’t know how you ‘should’ feel about any of this, but I do know you aren’t foolish or stupid or anything for it. Sometimes we just need saving. And that can be okay. You know?”
She always wondered if he had spent time in the army or something like that. It was just little things, little comments, and he never wanted to speak much about his past. Now, Nora thinks that Hannah may or may not be Steve’s sister by blood. There are other ways of forging a close bond, after all.
“Then what is it like?”
“Yeah. Hi,” she says. She manages to inject enough warmth into her voice that it doesn’t sound hostile, but there’s a staff meeting she needs to get to, and what with it being her turn for the coffee… “I’ve got to dash.”
“Me?” Castiel asked, his voice rising. “You want me to take Hell’s Throne?”
She’s halfway through a stack of papers when her phone rings, telling her that Riva’s calling.
“But you don’t know if it’ll work and you don’t really know if that’s the issue?”
“Your back? You’ve hurt your back, now? How? Has it been hurting for a while? Wait, this wasn’t when you flung yourself out of a window, was it? Or during that attack? Aidan, you can’t mess about with your back.”
“She’s well, considering. I reckon she’s only got a few weeks left before I have a son,” Benny says with a broad smile.
“Deep breath. I’m not looking to get you in trouble, but I need to have a complete record. I’m guessing from the way you’re dressed that maybe your employment isn’t the most legal?” Mills reaches out to touch his shoulder.
Neither one of them had stopped to think that maybe they’re moving too fast. Cas feels like he’s been waiting his entire life to meet Dean and he intends on diving in headfirst.
“You wish to challenge me? Very well. I accept,” Asmodeus says, his voice cutting through Dean’s anger and drawing his attention back to the task at hand.
Cas obliges, slightly harder this time and he stares in wonder at the faint flush of heated pink that rises against the creaminess of Dean’s skin. He’s nearly overcome with the sudden desire to mark Dean up, to claim him as his so no one can look at Dean without knowing who he belongs to.
Dean lets out a careful sigh an hour later when his phone vibrates in his pocket but he only checks his messages when Cas is once again distracted.
Castiel pinches a frown and nods. Virgil has acted strange each time Cas has glimpsed the man but he has not had the opportunity or the will to approach him. Castiel has had his own problems that he has been selfishly fixating on.
Those fingers clench in his hair, threatening to pull him back up if he begins to gag and Dean doubles his determination. He releases Cas’ hips, knowing his Angel won’t move now, and runs his hands along the tops of Cas’ sturdy thighs as he draws Cas into his throat.
Dean sputters, shaking his head. “Then me and Sam’ll go talk to the family. You can probably get more out of the crime scene anyway” He protests. What he really wants is to pair with Cas, but his brother and angel are ganging up on him and he needs some sort of victory here.
Sam shakes his head with a grunt. “This is the price I’m being forced to pay for my coffee.” Sam waves his hand and trudges away, presumably to claim his reward, and Cas chuckles as he goes.
Cas grasps his hand and leads them both back to their room where Dean shuts the door quietly and flips the lock. Cas is on him immediately, ravishing his mouth and tugging at Dean’s jeans.
His own pages, however, have barely anything beyond the kinks they’ve already tried. Spanking is a resounding YES and Dean will
To his credit, Gabe does actually look apologetic as he frowns at his tequila. No matter how far down the rabbit hole they’ve gone with their pranks, the press is not something either of them has ever considered.
At least this imposter isn’t insulting him.
“No salt,” Castiel repeats back, the word feeling thick and foreign on his tongue as he wraps his fingers around the water skin. Dean’s answering smile and eager nod almost make Castiel crack a smile himself, but he stamps down on the feeling with determination.
Dean nods. “Yes, sir,” he says before turning back to Cas. “You don’t have to help. It’s just my turn on the rotation. Sam’s up tomorrow.”
“There you are,” he mutters as his fingers close around the ring and he zips his bag closed again.
Cas nods and stretches his arms over his head as he pushes to his feet. He’s exhausted mentally, but not quite ready for sleep. His stomach squirms with the need to tell Dean everything about his childhood but he doesn’t know where to start.
“Hey, hold on a minute,” Sam blurts, “What, uh, what are you up to?”
Cas huffs an almost bitter laugh as he shrugs. “Not everyone is like you.”
He’s glad for her, she’s going to need the support and loving parents is something he hasn’t had the luxury of in so long that he can barely remember what it felt like.
He eyes his phone suspiciously before shaking his head.
“Shhh, it’s okay. You’re okay,” Cas says softly. “I know it’s early, and I don’t expect you to feel the same, but I need you to know. I love you.”
He loves watching their minds open and new ideas take root.
Cas despairs at the thought that he never once experienced these nervous flutters with Inias, the temptation to ask for more. He’s never felt like he does when he looks at Dean.
He ducks into the bathroom to attempt to tame his hair, now mostly dry and completely unruly. He’s nearly ready to give up when he hears Dean push open the sliding glass door and step back inside.
“A week from this Saturday,” Cas answers easily. “I’ve got to give my lecture the night before and there’s going to a reception afterward for some of the leaders in the community. I was hoping you’d be my plus one?”
“Please, Dean” Cas whimpers, pushing back into Dean’s fingers.
The sound Cas makes can only be described as a coo, something low and soft that bubbles with delighted warmth as he holds Dean close. “You are incredible, Dean. I don’t deserve you.”
His fingers twitch with the desire to wipe the stray moisture away and Dean chastises himself for the wayward thought as he clings to his anger. His cheeks heat and nose flares as he sucks in a sharp breath and frowns.
Cas’ head tilts further as he searches for Dean’s meaning. Finally, it dawns on him and he smiles softly at his hunter. “Dean, I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. I am far older than any human can comprehend. To me, she may as well be an infant.”
Dean stays awake for far longer, wondering what tomorrow will bring.
Dean’s brows arch and his smirk is daring.
Dean shakes his head fondly. “Thought you said you weren’t a fan?”
Cas snakes down Dean’s body, fingers ghosting over the delicate fabric of the panties. Dean dick strains for escape, his deeply flushed head peeking out the top of the sheer lace just begging for release. Dean fists his hands in the sheets, fighting against the trembles of anticipation wracking his body.
“Dean!” Castiel folds his arms over his chest and bristles, flooding the room with the stench of impatient alpha.
He sucks in a deep breath and nods. “Alright.” He nods again, trying to convince himself that he can do this.
Even from this distance, Castiel sees Sam blanch and point to the spot Castiel had formally occupied and Dean’s razor-sharp glare follows Sam’s pointing finger.
his coffee habit is hurting them. Even if it is only a dollar. He takes a bite of his sandwich and hums with satisfaction as the gooey cheese coats his tongue.
“Alcohol,” Dean says by way of explanation as he takes a deep drink of his and lets out a sigh of pleasure.
Dean laughs and kisses Cas again. “Get used to it, Sammy.”
It’s his day off.
Dean gives him a half-smile and nods. “Not safe,” Dean says, pointing to the sea. “Saltwater,” He says again, pointing to Castiel’s lips. Cas blushes and thinks he understands, so he gives a faint nod. “Safe. No salt,” Dean says with a smile as he presses his water skin into Castiel’s hand. Cas knows he understands then, no being one of the few Norse words he knows.
Sam seems to have zero qualms about walking into traffic like some sort of suicidal maniac.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean ignores Castiel’s jealously, smiling back at the bumbling waitress when she is too wrapped up in staring at Dean’s lips to even hit her notepad with her pen. Dean winks as she turns to ring their orders in, causing a deep blush to rise in her cheeks and Castiel glowers.
“I love you too.” Cas scritches Dean’s scalp before trying and failing to suck in a deep breath. “Now get off of me, you’re heavy,” he says playfully as he shoves at Dean’s shoulder.
Dean gapes, mouth painfully dry as he tries to swallow around the lump in his throat that may very well be his heart. He knows Cas has been looking, he asked Dean to take him to the library on Sunday so he could use a computer.
Sam rolls his eyes. “I know how to take care of iron, Dean. It’s kinda part of the job” He sasses in an attempt to cover his surprise that Dean is actually going to let him touch the prized antique pan without being present to scold him if Sam dares to even look at the thing wrong. The love Dean has for that piece of cookware is quite possibly unhealthy, but Sam doesn’t bother pointing that out. Dean already knows.
“No one deserves that.” Balthazar shakes his head with a glare that makes Cas chuckle.
He can’t even be upset. Feeding people is what she
“Cas,” Dean says, nudging Cas’ chin with his fingers to guide his gaze back to his. Cas blinks and Dean smiles. “Thank you,” Dean says.
Samuel nods, “Very well. I accept your judgment as true and we shall face the fallout as a family,” He finally says, eyes softening around the edges.
The interruption snaps Sam out of his churning thoughts and he nods jerkily. “How?” He asks, shaking his head and Dean lets out a relieved sigh.
“You, me, in the bed…” Dean starts as he leads Cas from the bathroom and flicks off the light.
“He’s in the shower, I wanted to talk to you,” Meg says in a rushed whisper as he guides her toward the couch.
Cas whimpers and his fingers clench in Dean’s hair, the tug nearly painful as Dean continues to suck and lick at Cas’ cock. His head bobs and stomach swoops when Cas trembles and his body tightens as if to keep himself still.
Castiel nods again, bright gaze raking over Dean’s firm chest and down to his rapidly hardening cock trapped underneath the sheer lace.
Dean steps forward and gives Benny a nod as he lifts the heavy ax.
The older brothers at the table burst with raucous laughter and Cas sinks in his chair. Of all the possibilities that ran through his mind this afternoon, Dean teaming up with Gabriel was not one of them.
Cas breathes hard through his nose, staring up at the oddly calm expression on Mick’s features and his gentle smile. His muscles coil, ready to force his way out of the car but Mick is stronger than he looks and he’s in no position to dislodge the man.
If he were ever to compile a list of arguments against the existence of god, mornings would be at the top of it.
“I know Cas” Dean agrees, resting his hand atop one of Castiel’s. “I just…” He trails off, letting Cas fill in the blanks.
Dean carefully walks back with the bowl balanced in his grip and Cas tilts his head in question as the man approaches.
Beth’s saved from having to work out her response to that when the bed shifts, and she looks down at Cas to see his right hand move, those long fingers curling into a fist.
He doesn’t.
“He’s been Castiel the whole time,” Hannah said. “But an angel’s Grace does contain some of that angel’s memories and personality. It has out imprint. So, yes, to an extent Castiel has not been entirely whole since Metatron took this from him.”
He has the guy in his arms as Sam is still saying hi, and he doesn’t let his previous comments about Inanna stop him as he pulls Cas into a kiss. Cas doesn’t seem to have any issues with being in a bar full of their friends and family, either. He doesn’t even shift away when Inanna whistles and applauds. Dean tightens his grip and and vows he’s never letting go again.
“I…never mentioned an engagement. You think this is heading that way?”
He also doesn’t know what to say. Why would he know? The only time in his life he’s had to choose his clothes he didn’t have the money to experiment with style. Nora pointed him to a shop selling second-hand items and he wore whatever was close to his size and appropriate.
He caught the look in her eyes when she reached for his head, when he flinched. He wishes he didn’t see that.
“Creature?”
“Riva is a doctor,” Beth says. “And he isn’t healing. Is… Is there some reason for that? Some condition he isn’t telling us about?”
“Hey! Hey, keep awake, Cas!” Dean said. “I am not getting stuck with Sleeping Beauty. You hear me?”
Dean’s brow creases and his mouth pulls into that shape that means he’s taken aback, that he’s processing.
In theory. Great. Always a solid bet.
Being hunted was an easy thing to shed. Believing they are not being hunted is less so, but they are working on it. It’s getting easier.
“This?” Beth asks. She shifts as Val moves again, leaning over her and this time kissing her only an inch from the edge of her lips.
“Yes,” Cas said. “Yes, I understand. We’ll find another way.”
“You have faith,” Dean says, voice flat. He part turns and pulls a face at Sam. It’s one Castiel has seen more than once when Dean is displeased with something he’s said. “Well, ain’t that nice, Sammy? She has ‘faith’. Because when has that ever screwed us over?”
Val snorts.
Although he doesn’t know that. There can be no way of knowing that, not without knowing what it was and what it wanted.
This time, it’s Sam’s voice, and Castiel comes back to himself to realize he’s slumped sideways, onto Dean, who’s holding very still.
Riva’s coming down the stairs.
They talk more, enough to be sure as Castiel can be that Dean understands it’s not a rejection. Castiel will explain it to Sam, as well, but it’s Dean who struggles the most to cope with his people leaving, or with them staying behind.
“Yeah, no,” Sam says, huffing something close to a laugh along with his words. “That’s more your’s and Charlie’s thing.”
He really doesn’t know enough about it, and switching from accusing him of being a wife-beater to asking for medical records makes his head spin, but he’s pretty sure auto-immune isn’t something angels have to worry about.
Of course, under it all is that fear that Sam won’t find Dean, that grief that says Metatron was telling the truth.
There’s no sense in Dean’s words that he’s finding this especially tough, thinking of Cas as two bodies folded into one. Sam supposes that, when your best friend’s an angel, some things barely register on the weird scale anymore. He’s not exactly struggling with the idea himself.
“I want us to work,” Dean says, his words thick and heavy. “I don’t wanna screw this up. To screw you up. Worse, I mean. I don’t know how to fix what I already did.”
“You don’t have to have a plan,” Beth says. “I just wondered if you had one, that’s all. It’s okay not to.”
“Shut up,” Dean says, although no-one has said anything. “So I like a bit of cross-over.”
“Look, you don’t have to like it,” Sam says, “but Dean needs to see Cas. He might be able to help. He’s pulled Cas back before.”
“Stay away,” he says. It’s more of a mumble, and hard to catch, but Val makes it out. “Stay away from me.”
But it’s a lie, of sorts. He doesn’t want to harm them. He wants to go back to his room. He wants to float. His skin itches and burns and his insides feel bruised. It must be jumping from that window. But the powder can let him float, and it can white out the thoughts in his head, of how he tried to help one woman and ended up needing help, of how he is causing upset to her friends.
“He’s been holding out on us,” Val says. “You talk any more about physics? Is he in the field?”
“I, er, I don’t know that it’s what you’d consider a halo,” he says. “It’s to do with waves, and…”
He glanced at Dean, seeing no sign of the kind of hesitation or bluster his brother threw up whenever something emotional happened and he wasn’t prepared for it.
“He did survive that jump,” Riva says, as though Val’s question is serious. “That’s not something he should have been able to do. And you know it. And it’s not like it’s the only weird thing.”
“You need to take a break from this. All right? I know you dive in to shit, all in, but sometimes that ain’t healthy, Cas. I mean, fuck, if I’d known you’d go all…” He waves his hand in a circle, as though trying to outline Castiel. “Whatever this is, I’d never have let you watch anything.”
She sounds thoughtful.
“Winchester,” Sam says, so Dean doesn’t have to. “Our last name’s Winchester.”
‘See you tomorrow, Cas,’ Dean calls out, waving as he opens the door to Sam’s car. ‘Bring me some of them pancakes they make over there! And tell Jack he better drop by soon.’
Dean’s voice is sharper when he responds.
“Call me Aidan,” he says, because he has to tell her something to get her to stop saying that name, and it grates every time she does, so close and not close enough to the name he wants to hear. She isn’t the one he wants to hear it from, though, and he doesn’t let himself dwell too much on why. This name, at least, is distant from his own. He’s never been called anything like Aidan. He isn’t sure whether the meaning of name fits him or not.
“You think we should let her do this?” Dean asks. “Let her tell someone else about Cas? What if she turns on him?”
“You’re no Knight,” it spat, or tried to. It came out more doddering than defiant. “You’re no King!”
Oh. It didn’t occur to Castiel that the boy thinks he’s getting help for both of them. He pulls himself around until the bark of the tree is against his back and opens his mouth to say not to worry, that he’ll be fine. Instead, a wave of sickness sweeps through him and he retches, pressing his uninjured hand to the wet pain across his chest.
“He’s not dead?” Dean asked, and didn’t even care how hoarse he sounded, how close to tears. No, not even with Bela right there, watching.
“You can’t do anything about it,” he says, because it’s true, and because he doesn’t like the way they’re looking at him.
The door to the room is shut, but he hears the voices outside it anyway. He isn’t sure if a human would hear, or if the women don’t care.
“I’m thirsty,” he says, and knows she doesn’t see the magnitude of that.
**************************
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, jabbing the fork he still holds in his brother’s direction. ‘Those. I’m keeping those little jewel things in salad. But whatever this gunk on today’s salad is meant to be, that can go.’
When the film is done, he waves the TV off and sits in the dark, Dean’s head almost touching Castiel’s. It’s comforting. He doesn’t know, still, quite how he’s going to recover from this condition Dean says he has, or whether Dean is quite right. He is still an angel, after all, and the horrors he has seen in his long existence should have driven him over this edge before if angels really can get PTSD, but Naomi is not around anymore to reset him, and the horror of hurting Dean, of having Dean hurt him…these things have a texture, a colour, which no previous terror has had.
And that looked a lot like jealousy on Dean’s face. It was just a flash, there and gone, but it was strong.
“Not heard anything about how you’re meant to be getting back, Cas,” Dean says, and that’s the tone Dean uses when he’s only a short step away from issuing an order, when Dean decides that the current plan is to be scrapped and Dean will instead attempt to bend the universe to his will. The most surprising thing about that is how often it works. “So Miss Sex and War here’ll give you a boost to get into the Underworld, but how’re you getting back? Because I remember you being as stuck in Purgatory as I was. More. Least I could use that portal.”
“It wasn’t your job to protect me,” Sam says.
“I’m fine,” he says, through he is aware that saying it through gritted teeth weakens his statement. Still, Sam and Dean would normally let such a thing go. It’s the rule: say you’re fine and keep going.
“And the refreshments?” Beth asks from where she’s sitting on the arm of Val’s chair. Inanna spins back to look at Beth, who sits up straight and clasps her hands together. “Um…”
“Hardly,” Cas says, a glimmer of his old wry sarcasm in his tone. “From what I remember, I knew Inanna more in her role as a Goddess of War, but unless we have a lion to hand, roses are the symbol she’ll most relate to.”
“Ashley,” Sam offers. “You found Ashely. Good work on that. Was Cas in this warehouse?”
Sam coughs, making Castiel jump.
“Boyfriend,” she says, voice tight.
“Hey,” Val says, and Sam drags his attention to where she’s sitting cross-legged on the settee, yet another book in her lap. “Welcome to random reading central. You brought food?”
“No,” Cas says. “No, I don’t need any of that. Though I do need to ask you a favor.”
“Yeah. Well, we need to think about Cas, and on how we can be better for him. Right?”
And damn it. She isn’t ready. She only got Tanya down for her nap as early as she did so she’d have time to clean some of the mess, and there are still plates needing washing and a small army of toys hiding all over the place, not to mention that laundry she hasn’t finished with. Back when Steve visited her home regularly, Tanya wasn’t old enough to cause this chaos. Still, Steve being early can’t be altered now. He’s just going to have to put up with the mess.
“It’s a lot more complicated than that,” Castiel says. He’s accepted that no human will ever really understand his reality, but every now and then he’s reminded of that gulf in understanding. “But this tablet doesn’t tell me anything except that other angels have needed to study their human friends closely to work out what’s required. Let me read the next one.”
“You know?” he asks.
“My sister’s angelic lover,” she says, and grimaces. Turning, she places her hands on her hips and glares at nothing somewhere to Dean’s left. “I knew that one would cause problems.”
He thought reclaiming his own Grace would make it better, that it would slip into him and extinguish the pain. He isn’t sure if he hoped it would also white out the changes wrought in him these last few years. It hasn’t.
“Well, aren’t you a sight,” Inanna says, sounding genuinely delighted. “You have your mother’s eyes. About two hundred of them, by the looks of it. Tell me, have you ever considered Kohl? It could really make that color pop.”
“Not sure I’ll sleep,” Dean says.
Riva’s on her feet and by her friend’s side within moments, one hand out to offer…comfort? Support? She doesn’t know. Something.
“Are we heading to angel-kid land?” Dean asks. “You saying that creature’s a nephilim?”
The restaurant is busy, especially for mid-afternoon, and it’s more up-market than Dean’s happy with. He pulled on a suit, not sure if that was the right thing to go for, but Sam advised him to leave the jacket behind. From first glance, it looks like he’s hit it about right, and he knows his looks let him skate by a load of errors.
“Yes,” Beth says, as though she really isn’t annoyed at all.
“You don’t think it’s out of order?” Val asks.
“They’ll bring him,” Beth says. “They will.”
She’d thought this was a fake, too, back when she’d acquired it. It was only still here because she’d not worked out how to spin it into a sale. Amongst the many tidbits she’d picked up in the Pit was the knowledge that this was no fake.
“You have to understand, things were a lot less…separated then,” she says. “People saw us walk among them and they brought tribute. As was fitting.” A slow slide of her gaze over to the roses seems to amuse Cas, from the barely there smile, but Inanna goes on before anyone says anything about it. “The angels coming down to Earth, and staying, now that sparked some issues. Oh, not at first. It was all terror and rejoicing at first.”
He still feels the weight of his wings, feels the shape and drag of them, but it’s beginning to eat at his mind that it might just be a phantom impression. Having a wing catch and snag on something would almost be a relief. It’s an extra cruelty that they still hurt, present or not.
Someone must have told him he has to be useful to deserve care. Some shit who needs telling.
It’s one of those times he doesn’t sound sure of the phrase. Riva’s wondered aloud if Cas is from a different country, but somehow they haven’t got around to asking. He said they could ask questions, but none of them have managed to ask many. Yet. Beth wouldn’t be surprised to find Riva’s compiling a list. Val probably already has a list of questions in her head, all lined up and ready to fire once Val’s crossed whatever line in her head has been keeping her quiet.
“And is it?”
“And I don’t,” Val adds.
He stops by the kitchen and adds some chocolate, some energy bars and a few bottles of water. He must remember that his Grace is weak and insubstantial. He isn’t sure how long it will last, or if it’s fading at all. He takes the water from the front of the shelf and leaves a noticeable space. Dean worries about him drinking enough.
He’s considered trying that, in the moments when he comes close to trying flight again, when his wings ache to lift and beat at the air and pull him away from it all. There’s a way to take one flight into nothingness, or so it was always said. Such a flight, even if he were able to make it, would go against his orders. Dean’s orders. But rewriting his mind might not. Dean told him once not to change, but he’s failed at that already, and Dean has asked things of him which he’d never have been able to do without changing, so it must be an order Dean rescinded.
Dean doesn’t tell him what the point is.
“Because you’re not,” Beth says. “I know it can be hard, but I don’t like to hear you think of yourself like that.”
************************************
“I don’t think so,” Cas says. “I’ve tried to teach before. It…didn’t go well.”
Dean isn’t happy, but it’s not like they have a choice. Cas walks ahead of them, those shadow-limbs spread out, seeking, and Dean stays as close as he can. If Cas pushes himself too hard and needs support, Dean’s going to be there. Right there, where Cas needs him. If it means swallowing his frustration, then that’s exactly what he’ll do.
One by one, his eyes slide shut. If he can’t see Dean, it might not hurt so much to know he isn’t really there.
“You, Kasper,” Val says, as she tugs at his jacket until it’s properly closed, “need to remember you have a body, all right? Those…you might get in this mindset where you don’t have to worry about it, but the weather doesn’t care how insulated you feel in your head. You might still get a chill. And then who’d end up looking after you? Eh?”
Again, she’s almost impassive, but Castiel sees her waver, just a bit. Her chin comes up.
Without quite meaning to, Val pushes the rest of the way to her feet and puts herself close enough to block this agent from getting a clear pass at Aidan.
“Thought it was a trail,” Dean says, and sees Sam looking intrigued on Cas’ other side. “Doesn’t that mean we need to follow round everywhere it’s been? We’ve not been near that warehouse.” No, that sounds critical. Be supportive. “I’m just wanting to understand the process.” Better. He’s rocking this.
Yeah. Well. It’s not like Aidan is forced to be his real name. Whoever he’s running from, he’s making sure to stay under the radar.
“What kind of information?” she asks slowly.
When the others look at her, she waves them off. Val nods. Beth isn’t sure why her sister’s using that specific phrase, but Cas is understood as much by math as by any human experience, because Cas isn’t human, and they keep forgetting that. Why would he respond to the monster the same way Ashley did? Or any of the others?
“Yes,” he says, the way he says it when he isn’t sure how to react. “Though, I may have taken some of that too literally, now that I think about it.”
After all, it might do Aidan some good to have a wider circle of people to talk to.
Sure, Cas had that experience when he was human, but Dean’s thinking maybe he handled that all wrong. For one thing, in his reading up on abusive relationships he stumbled across a page on people who end up in relationships just to have a roof over their heads.
“You, er, you get we don’t have to do this?” Dean asked.
*******************************************
“Now that I think about it, that has a nice ring to it.”
The diner’s a bust. Dean can’t find anyone who remembers a tallish guy with dark hair and seriously blue eyes. And people remember Cas. There was this aura about him even back when he went through that phase of being human, and it’s stronger when he’s an angel, that draws people into his orbit. Dean isn’t sure why not everyone knows it’s there, but they must feel it.
“Well, I suppose he does quit sometimes,” Nora says. “He quit his job. To be honest, though, he seemed like he was ready to move on. You know?”
“Cas?” he asks, lowering his voice further and checking Gertrude is deep in the next page of her book. “You two, you did talk, right? Dean didn’t just fall asleep on your bed and not talk to you about this?”
Dean fires that back so quickly there isn’t any space between the talking.
“Yeah, I guess he would be,” Sam says, apparently mulling it over. “He once tried to explain something with partial differential equations. Well. Offered to. But I’ve seen him be confused by the simplest things. I suppose angel brains work on a different level or something.”
“What are you thinking, Sam?” he asks.
“No. Yes. I mean, of course you do.”
“Seemed safer,” she says, and waits for Beth to come in before locking and bolting the door behind them.
Okay. Maybe she’ll stick to what’s in the present with her and worry about whether it was a hypothetical conversation another time. She’s watched enough episodes of Doctor Who with Val to know that’s not a tangle they need. Besides, time travel… Can’t be real. Maybe even angels like SciFi.
“Look, I’ve been through enough shit since then, and learned enough to know it wasn’t all his fault, but maybe I’ve got crap to unpick over that. And maybe I don’t… I need to be able to… Cas doesn’t deserve any more of my…”
“My immune system…” he starts, but he can’t even summon enough conviction to pretend he’s fooling her.
“Come on. Just let me get him inside. I’ll come back for you,” Sam says.
“And we get worn down sometimes,” Dean says. “No shame in that. Even the best players get benched sometimes.”
He realizes Val has stilled and glances up, his head still lowered. He’s stopped looking at her with his angelic eyes as much as he can. She burns green and vibrant and it stings as much as it soothes. Now, she bites her lower lip, her brow pinched, and avoids meeting his eyes.
“No,” Beth says, before Val has to.
“What are you doing here?” she asks. There’s a note of panic in that.
He pauses, frowning.
“You’re an angel,” Dean agrees, “but I think at this point you’re pretty much human, too. At least, I think with everything you’ve been through over the past few years, any angelic warrior-shielding is probably not up for the job. Shit, Cas, look at what’s happened to you just in the last couple of months. That spell? Your own people chaining you to a ceiling, cutting into you. Hannah dying. Me.”
“I can fix it,” Steve says, and when he stands he has that determined look on his face he would get sometimes about pulling a double shift or making sure some part of the store ran right. “I’m sure we can work out how.”
“Perception and memory are mutable,” Inanna is saying as she finishes the last of the wine. “But you know this.”
“There’s no-one waiting for you,” she says. Her hand slips over his forearm, grounding him. “What makes you think you imagined it? Have you been seeing things?”
“Dean,” Sam says, putting force into the name. He feels shitty after finally getting somewhere with how Dad’s left his mark all over Dean, but the fact is his brother responds to that tone sometimes when he won’t listen to anything else. “We need to get them somewhere safe. Val can’t tell us anything when she’s barely conscious.”
She swears she sees fear, just a flash of it, before resignation settles on Cas.
“Yeah,” Castiel says. “Yeah, it could be. Val, you remember being in the warehouse, don’t you? When I arrived?” At her nod, he goes on. “And you didn’t lose stretches of your memory. Not the way Ashley did. Or the way I did from the park.”
“You do know staring at that bowl isn’t hiding anything from me, right? I can see just from the way you’re sitting that you’ve taken some. You’re all…floppy compared to normal.”
And now Beth really needs to know more about this Naomi and her actions. Rip out parts of an angel’s mind? Cas said he’s had dealings with her, that she’d corrected him more than once.
So sue her if it’s made Val a soft touch herself for people who look like they need a little guarding.
And this is something that makes a kind of sense. A report. Dean is asking for a status report. Castiel feels his spine straighten, just a bit, and his focus sharpens. He can’t present his wings correctly, but Dean isn’t a Seraph and wouldn’t be able to see that anyway. It still grates.
The boy sinks back, but he doesn’t let go of the arm. He shakes his head.
Hours trickle by, slipping through Dean’s fingers as his mind throws up images of Cas hurting, of Cas chained up, beaten up, tortured. Of Cas driving the Thunderbird, untouched by anyone, with that ragged pain still choking him. In some ways, Cas is better when he has someone to fight against. Dean knows that feeling.
If Sam looks surprised by that, he clears it from his face quickly enough.
“Get in here. We’re doing this.”
He sees Sam’s head turn, knows his brother has heard him, but Dean’s too wound up to care. He grips the wheel and sends the Impala careening round the next corner. The sooner they get to Beth’s, the sooner they can get on with looking for Cas. Dean doesn’t argue they should skip the first part. He’s already made that point, and Sam’s told him it’s better to have more people searching, that there might be some link between Val and Cas vanishing. It sounds like crap to Dean, but Sam won’t be moved.
Those shows are for couples, of course. He pushes that aside.
Inside, it’s dim and dusty, and it must be some time since anyone did upkeep on the place. They leave a trail of footprints on the floor, cut out of the dust.
She tips the wineglass a little, seeming distracted by the red liquid making its way up the side, and pulls a face.
Shaking himself, Dean rejoins them at the table and looks where Cas is pointing. Yeah. Just squiggles and wedge shapes.
Yet Bela could have sworn Castiel was at least a little interested in the idea of Dean taking power and putting someone in place as his proxy. He was a warrior, better suited to winning a field than to tending it long-term, but from what Hannah had said he wasn’t afraid of tough choices, or morally dubious ones.
“Really?” Beth asks. “You’re going to try to sell me that line?”
“It’s very nice, Dean,” he says softly.
Dean grunts. He’s been agitated all morning, worse since talking to Cas.
“Just hold his hand,” Bela said. “It’s not as though everyone in Hell doesn’t already know.”
Beth sees something of herself in Cas, Riva can see that. A survivor. Someone who needs help working his way through the aftermath. And Riva has seen, has heard, how Dean talks to Cas, and, yeah, it’s not good. She does know that Cas hasn’t told her outright about some of the things Beth and Val are assuming have happened, and she’s worried for the both of them if it turns out they’ve got it wrong.
“You seem unhappy,” he says. “I don’t want-”
“Like Hell you are,” Riva says, instead of letting his statement stand. “Look, I’m not going to insist, but you’ve got a trained doctor here and injuries which aren’t healing like they should. Seems like the logical choice. And we’ll still be in plenty of time for food.”
*********************************************
If he needs her, anyway, which he probably will. There was always the chance that Inanna’s boost would last long enough to get him back out, and he feels a thread reaching back with the goddess on the other end - a result of being her agent in this, it seems. But carrying the demigod has also meant the creature feeding on him, and he already knows he won’t be able to get back unaided. The thought of accepting help doesn’t feel as alien to him as it did.
‘Hey, Sammy,’ Dean says, ‘you know what day it is?’
“Let him go,” he said. “Give him a blade. Let’s see what this one’s got.”
Turns out, they have to pry her away from the table to get her to eat the food Val’s made, and she’s right back to it after, but a few hours before Cas wakes up, she announces she might have something.
Whatever Dean’s trying to say, it’s taking long enough that Castiel wants to lie back down. He lets the shirt drop from his hand and gives in to the impulse.
It takes Sam longer than it should do to switch gears, but if this is what Cas needs, he’ll roll with it.
“And are you?” Castiel asks. “Okay?”
“It isn’t your job to fix me, Dean,” Castiel says, and leaves aside for now the argument about not needing to be fixed. That conversation can happen later. Steps. It’s all steps.
Sam laughs.
Castiel takes another small bite of the pie and nods. He doesn’t know if Dean has any real idea what he’s doing here, whether there’s an actual, established plan to help Castiel, or if his friend is making it up as he goes. Then again, that’s worked for them before, and he can’t deny that he feels a little more grounded here, with his family on either side of him. He’s glad Sam slid the bag out of focus.
“Yes,” Castiel says. “That might be wise. Too much pain could be dangerous.”
“From your room,” Cas tells him and watches Dean’s face go blank. “Where am I allowed to watch this laptop?”
“Yes,” she said. “Very good. And you?”
This is a risk. She knows it is. It’s not like she’s an expert on how to help people, just because she ended up needing help herself. Maybe this will go completely wrong, and maybe it won’t. She keeps watch on Cas, trying to see if she needs to back off.
He tells the truth.
There’s something in the air he can’t make out, some tension, and then Beth makes a sound that could mean anything and makes her way past him.
“Oh,” Castiel says. “You…”
Val nods, and smiles. There’s a slightly odd look in her eyes.
“I don’t know much about being an angel, but I’d be advising any human who’s recovering after an operation to rest, and this is kind of the same thing, right?”
That gets his attention, his brow slowly crinkling and his head turning. He manages to look at her for the length of a whole sentence.
“And giving that back, that’ll fix him up?” Sam asked. “He’ll be fine?”
There is one more pair of socks than he recalls, a pattern of deep blues and greens. Other than that, the bag holds what he thought.
“Yeah, well, it wasn’t exactly out of the goodness of his heart that he dragged me out,” Dean said, and it’s been years since he thought about that, about the fact he was just a mission to Cas back then.
Sam opened his mouth, but Dean pointed at him, or rather he pointed the blade in his hand at Sam, and it was all too obviously coated in blood. Sam shut his mouth again, and waited.
Nora gets Tanya into the dress and boots and agrees they can have a drink in a minute before turning back to her conversation with Hannah. Winchester. It’s strange to have a last name to fit with the man she met. For all this time, he’s just been ‘Dean’.
“No. I mean, I never really thought about his wings, you know? He could fly, then he couldn’t. Didn’t seem like something I should ask about much then.”
“My point is that you’ve had a demon on your side before, and that’s before we consider Crowley,” Cas said, apparently not interested in how the situation with Meg related to him.
“Unless you’re into that sort of thing,” Meg adds with a devilish smirk that has Cas’s eyes widening comically. “So, Dean-o, what’ll it be? The rack or Clarence’s humbler?” Meg throws her arm around Dean’s lower back and leads him back to the couch while Cas sputters indignantly.
The surety of Dean’s motions makes Castiel’s decision for him and his grin turns into a smirk. “Nope. You got up.” He scoots away from Dean and dangles his legs over the edge of the bed. “We’re going to the beach.” His stomach flips when he looks over his shoulder to take in Dean’s parted lips that are somehow still twisted into a pout.
The near-feral look in Dean’s eyes when he had confronted Alastair had proven to Cas that Dean is capable of terrible things. He had never witnessed such horror as Dean had committed when he swung that ax.
“But it's okay for you to fuck me?” Dean interrupts and Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose.
“Damn, Cassie. If I swung that way...” He trails off and shakes his head as he bites at his bottom lip.
The instant they’re through the door, Cas kicks it closed and spins Dean against the smooth surface with a small grunt from the effort. He doesn’t give Dean a chance to react before pushing their lips together roughly and working his hands underneath Dean’s shirt and rucking it up slightly. He can’t help the needy whimper that tears free from his throat as unfamiliar heat pools in his groin when his fingers finally brush along the unblemished skin of Dean’s sides.
Dean nods in understanding and squeezes Cas’s hand. “Me too.”
Dean’s toes curl as his dick hardens enough to make Cas smirk in self-satisfaction. Cas climbs over him, leaning close to whisper in Dean’s ear. “Is this okay?” he asks, tone suddenly soft and forgiving.
, Dean has to be sweet and caring and attentive. “What is that?” Dean asks, tone going hollow as if he already knows the answer.
“And how well you can read people? I remember going with you to the bar and watching you hustle pool. Those guys never stood a chance.” Sam tosses his hands around excitedly as he grins.
Dean reaches up to free Cas’ swollen lip from his teeth and then draw Cas into a deep kiss as his fingers circle Cas’ length. “I will never hurt you, I promised,” Dean whispers against Cas’ lips, reminding him of the promise Dean had made long ago.
Dean hums and smacks his lips together when he pulls back. “Have fun with the rugrats,” he says with a fond smile.
Sam laughs at something the raven-haired woman says and Dean watches as she walks away with a smile.
Dean squares his shoulders and raises to his full height as he steps forward, effectively shielding Cas with his posturing as he stares Michael down. “Who I sleep with is none of anyone’s business.”
Pathetic.
He refuses to let himself take comfort in Dean’s embrace through the worse of his lingering panic.
Cas sighs and drops back against the couch as he shakes his head. He can feel his cheeks heat from the knowing gleam in Bal’s eyes and he hides his face behind a palm.
Dean moans into the kiss, Castiel’s hand working his cock perfectly and Dean works to open Castiel’s slacks and get his hand inside.
Dean slides off the small sofa and onto plush carpet without a thought and makes himself comfortable between Castiel’s spread knees. Cas reaches out a hand to stroke along Dean's jaw. “Is this ok?” The Angel questions, always looking for Dean. Dean swallows hard but nods. He wants this. “Good boy” Castiel smiles. “When you’re ready” He gives Dean a nod, allowing as much time as the man needs.
Dean looks at Rufus with wide eyes and nods before he frowns and swallows hard. Cas can see his resolve harden and the determined set of his jaw when he reaches in again and Dean grins when he holds up a shrimp, victorious.
Dean swallows hard, suddenly needing a glass of water and his heart clenches in his chest. His dick swells to half-mast and he reaches down to adjust himself without conscious thought.
“Please, Cas? String me up and make me come? I’ll blow you when we’re done.” Dean bargains and Cas pinches his arm and scowls.
Dean can feel his cheeks flushing crimson as he glares at his brother, but Cas’ solid presence at his side has him guzzling the rest of his drink instead of arguing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean laughs, the sound nearly hysterical in the quiet of the back yard. He scrubs a hand over his face. “Ugh, I’m an idiot.”
His brother has a calm and gentle nature but deep inside him lurks someone made of much sterner things than his quiet prayers might reveal. Inias is fierce in his loyalty and Cas cannot bear to think how he might lash out if harm were brought to any of them.
They have every right to be here.
“I thought you didn’t like messes,” Cas grumbles as he lays back down with a sleepy smile.
“Perfect,” Dean mutters as he inches closer and takes his cock in hand, lining himself up.
Dean stands perfectly still as Castiel crouches at the water’s edge. A fleeting stab of pain has Cas biting back a cry and Dean flinching toward him before stopping himself, green eyes wide as he worries his lower lip.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says with a smile as he wraps his arms around Dean’s back. He’s wearing a leather jacket, a different one than before, layered over a plain grey v-neck and tight jeans that accentuate the curve of his bowed legs.
His limbs flop like dead weight, numb from being bound for so long and Cas lowers him to the floor and immediately begins to rub feeling back into them as James undoes the rest of the ropes from Dean’s chest.
Cas wrinkles his nose and shakes his head as Dean shrugs.
Cas did own him once and he set him free. It seems fate is insistent.
“Castiel!” Inias calls as he steps from the water and Cas is quick to duck his eyes when he notices his friend’s nude form in the open air. Inias steps to his robes and tugs them on while his skin still glistens with moisture from the stream. “Are you certain you don’t wish to bathe? Dean is not here to stop you.” Inias tone is teasing as he approaches and Cas shakes his head in answer
Cas takes him in hand and slowly pumps his hand over Dean’s length, seemingly mesmerized at Dean’s happy hum and the pearl of precome that beads at the tip.
“Come on, Cassie. Let’s get you cleaned up while Ephraim works. You can’t help him right now.” Balthazar’s voice is gentle in his ear and Cas blinks away his tears.
Dean huffs a laugh. “Never been around an alcoholic, have ya, Cas? A lot of us are damn good at hiding it. But I've been sober over 90 days, don’t wanna screw that up, ya know?”
“Salve?” Cas asks as he nods toward the small container. It looks nearly identical to the medicinal paste the brothers had given him in the beginning.
As suspected, Dean’s room is nearly pristine and there is little for Castiel to do. Cas seats himself at the edge of Dean’s bed, noting how well cushioned the mattress is and then chastises himself for the spike of jealousy that materializes in his gut. His pile of furs is a pure luxury compared to what he had in the barn.
Cas drops his head back against the pillow and stares at the ceiling as he tries and fails to discern a way out without waking Dean.
They can talk later.
He finds himself smiling from the thrill of being dressed in Dean’s clothes before he scowls at his foolishness and shakes his head.
Cas’s smile feels a little less forced as his eyes roll of their own accord and he shakes his head. “Uh-huh, sure,” Cas says, just to make the corners of Gabriel’s lips twitch upward. “Let me see your hands and turn your pockets out. I will not have you tormenting my fiancé.”
“About what?” Cas asks, tilting his head as the possibilities of what Dean is asking filter through his mind.
Except, that isn’t right.
Warning for graphic violence and minor character deaths. Proceed into Ruby and Lilith's punishment with caution if you're troubled by such things.
Pretty darn awesome as far as Mondays go.
Lilith crowds into his space and digs something hard and sharp into his ribs. She spits words that Cas cannot begin to understand but he hears enough venom in her tone to be certain that she isn’t saying anything he wants to hear.
Bobby claps him on the shoulder and shakes his head sadly. “Boy, you’ve had time and you got your feet under you. Sam’d be glad just to have his brother back. You’re tryin, that’s all he ever wanted from you.” With those words, Bobby pushes out of his chair and collects his bottle, taking care to empty it before meandering back inside.
“Good to see you, Lee!” Cas shouts before the door falls closed and Dean finally slows his pace. “What was that about?”
“Good. Now, are you hungry?” Cas asks as he lifts his head to meet Dean’s eyes.
He’s got this.
John grunts in affirmation as he dumps his clothes into the washing machine. “You said you’d explain later.”
Dean nods with a soft smile. “I love that place, they’ve got the best pizza.”
Sam approaches the deer with a tender smile and she allows him to press his hands to the sides of her head in an awkward embrace. He leans down, nuzzling the top her head as the fox and coyote sit at his feet patiently.
Dean frowns and glances at the door while Cas digs through his bag for a clean shirt. He feels disgusting from being the road for the last two days even though they stopped just north of Atlanta last night.
“Cas?” Dean’s sleep rough voice questions softly and light fingertips brush over his forearm where its draped over his middle. He scoots closer, molding himself around Cas and burying his nose in the junction of his shoulder.
Dean paces with his jaw clenched so tightly that his teeth creak under the pressure. Cas tried to run away. His heart hammers and his pulse pounds in his ears as he glares at the man.
He forces himself to roll out of bed, his feet landing on the soft carpet of his bedroom floor and he wiggles his toes against the plush fibers. Not for the first time, he’s glad he pushed the issue when his landlord tried to get out of replacing his carpet when he moved in.
“What?” Dean answers sharply, knee still bouncing under the table.
“Yes, Dear,” Dean says with a sigh as he turns toward the bathroom where Castiel’s toiletry bag is.
Meg sighs loudly into the phone. “Don’t tell him you heard it from me, but our little Angel has been miserable since your date. He’s so close to having something that he wants, but he’s convinced himself that you wouldn’t want him if you knew the truth.”
Cas does his absolute best to hold back his growl of frustration. They’re talking about him. He knows they are. But he has no idea
After he turns his wayward fantasies into a delightful reality and learns every freckle on Dean’s body like his heart has been begging him to do for weeks.
Cas nods again and finally turns with a purpose and disappears into a room down the hall. He doesn’t shut the door behind him, which leaves Dean with all sorts of impure thoughts that he really shouldn’t be having about a man he’s just met.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean answers as he slams the trunk closed.
Dean grins. “And you want a little time with her to yourself, don’t you?” He asked with a waggle of his brows.
Not that he’d see anything in a half-broken down mechanic, but Dean can’t help the roguish smile that creeps across his face. “I got this, Cas. Besides, spending the morning with you made all this mess almost worth it.”
“Dean!” Cas cries out when he loses the battle to hold back and his cock erupts between them. The lights in the room flicker and pop, sending shards of glass flying as Castiel’s grace swells and smashes through their surroundings. He throws his head back, lips parted in a silent scream when Dean growls, ignoring the destruction in the room, and resumes pounding into Cas with abandon.
He still obeys, curious, but decides to try to provoke his ‘doctor’. “I, uh, I’ve been having some discomfort in my groin and my libido has been higher than it’s ever been” He says huskily, trying to sound like he’s actually speaking to a doctor but he still cringes at the way it sounds.
Pictures and TV cameras don’t do the man justice.
Cas is forced to follow, nearly stumbling as Dean drags him across the field and into his house. “Dean, I’m sorry,” Cas pleads, fearing Dean’s anger has transferred to him.
The air is fresh and crisp and the sun shines in the cloudless blue sky. Cas inhales deeply, savoring the late afternoon warmth that lingers in the air. He hurries his steps until a commotion in the center of the green space catches his attention and he turns himself toward the familiar sound without a second thought.
“Did you enjoy the show?” A man asks from above and Dean turns his head to blink slowly at the stranger. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but you both seemed pretty captivated. Got any experience with suspension?”
Cas nods and covers his face with his hands. “I’m sorry, I just, uh, I prefer classical.”
Only when he drops his bag does he notice that he’s still wearing Dean’s slippers.
Cas nods. “That must be difficult. Dating, I mean.” This time he puts his hand on the table, halfway to Dean. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make this awkward.”
Cas chuckles and steps over to his bag to find some clean clothes. He packed his best clothes in this bag and got rid of so many things before he left to come here. He didn’t have much to begin with, but now everything he owns fits into the trunk of his car. Looking around Dean’s room, seeing decades of accumulation of mementos has something twisting in his heart
“Thanks, Benny,” Dean says with a nod.
He shuffles to the bathroom, not bothering to grab his robe as he wets a washcloth with warm water to take back to Dean.
assaulted and I still don’t. Confused maybe, but he didn’t hurt me. At all. Please let it go,” Cas meets Dean’s eyes as he lays his words out as clearly as he can. Maybe Dean would be right under other circumstances, but Cas holds no ill will toward his friend and he never has.
He knew that guy was trouble but he didn’t think… Cas struggles to take a deep breath to force his spiraling thoughts off of the track they’ve decided to barrel down. He came back in time, she’s safe.
Naomi made poor choices. Her grief over losing Jimmy, the blame that Cas knows she carried with her, none of that excuses the choices she made. She might have ended up following the same path if Henry hadn’t hurt her, but at least Cas would have had his brother.
Despite the lack of time spent together in recent years, there is a language between brothers that doesn’t need words, only a well-timed arch of a brow and quirk of a lip.
“You’re the one who wanted to try it.” Cas shrugs. He wasn’t lying when he said he’d be happy with anything. “I won’t be upset if you’ve changed your mind.”
Dean’s smirk returns and he eyes Cas with amusement. “Now that’s a shame,” he teases and Cas’ cheeks flush crimson before Dean finally takes pity on him. “Don’t worry, Cas. I may be clingy, but I don’t put out until at least the fourth date.”
“You already did the same for me.” Dean kisses Cas’s cheek and holds him tighter.
“Cas?” A voice calls to him, deep and rough with a hardened edge. Dean is upset.
Finally, Cas nods and takes the step, Dean still clutching his hand tightly.
They are nothing like the Singers. Or even Dean’s parents.
Castiel releases a deep sigh as he stares across the space toward his brothers. He failed them. If he had alerted someone to Dean’s presence in the woods, this could have been avoided. The King’s armies would have come in time and they would still be nestled safely behind the walls of their abbey instead of huddled in fear around a fire while surrounded by savages.
Dean’s eyes widen and his lips part as he stares. “So that’s it?”
He wanders out of his room to find that he was, in fact, correct about Balthazar and his Scotch. “I need to be leaving in a minute,” he reminds his friend, arching a brow at the half-filled rocks glass in Bal’s hand.
Castiel’s stomach swoops when Dean returns a short time later with a small bowl of torn bread and smoked meat that he holds out to Cas with a faint flush to his cheeks. Cas takes the food with muttered thanks as Dean settles beside him in the straw as he begins to eat.
“Cas,” Benny snaps from across the clearing as he strides toward him.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Winchester, I didn’t mean to be morbid. The moment Dean turned around to face me when I was about to kick him out of the boathouses was probably the happiest moment of my life.” Cas squeezes Dean’s hand.
“Only if you want to” Cas lets his hand slide down Dean’s arm to grasp his hand.
“That’s wonderful!” He agrees, opening his arms slightly before remembering himself.
He eyes his phone, thinking about how good it would be to hear Sam’s voice, but he shakes his head before he can press the button that would make the call.
“Dean is hardly a secret.” How could he be with their pictures plastered all over the tabloids and social media?
Castiel’s heart clenches as he reaches for Dean’s hand, tangling their fingers together. The pressure builds low in his belly, ready to explode but he needs Dean to get there first. His free hand returns to Dean’s neglected dick and he strokes roughly, just like he knows Dean likes best.
“Impatient, huh?” He mutters between kisses as he mouths his way down Castiel’s firm stomach towards his target. “Just can’t wait….to have my mouth on you” Dean continues to mutter as his tongue circles Cas’ belly button. “Can you?”
He’s fine.
But the larger problem right now is several floors beneath them.
Cas shrugs and stares at a spot on the wall behind Alfie’s head. “He disowned me on the spot. Called us both terrible names that I will never repeat. But, in the end, he left. Powerless. I haven’t spoken to him or my mother in ten years.”
Cas shakes off his stupor and then shakes his head. “No, sir.” His cheeks flush hot and he doesn’t understand why he’s reacting like he’s been caught somewhere he shouldn’t be. He belongs here, he hasn’t done anything wrong, and yet the feeling of being an imposter rears its ugly head just when Cas thought he was starting to feel comfortable here.
Mills offers him a weak smile and a gentle touch to his shoulder as a way to nudge him toward the waiting medics.
he would win. Where do you even get a corset on short notice? The sex toy store?
The crowd makes a mournful sound to match Dean’s dramatic pout and Benny’s hand tightens on Cas’s shoulder in the wings of the stage.
Cas sighs once again and shakes his head. “No, Dean. You made it clear you have an aversion to the idea. I do not wish to pressure you”
Later, Dean comes to retrieve him and leads Castiel to his room instead of the barn.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice finally calls out behind him but Dean steadfastly ignores his brother. He has work to do.
Titanic sounds like a wonderful idea.
He chews on his lip as he presses forward, Dean’s tight heat welcoming him inside inch by tedious inch as the man trembles around him.
The doorknob refuses to turn and he stares down at it, dumbfounded. He didn’t even know this door could lock! He clears his throat with a cough and lets out a sigh before lifting his hand to knock. He hears rustling from inside the room and his heart pounds in anticipation. Is Cas upset with him or was that all for show? He’s still sporting a semi front Cas’ rough treatment and he isn’t certain he can take much more anticipation without combusting.
That chin, those lips. Cas shakes his head as he swallows hard. “He,” he starts but his voice is a mere croak. Clearing his throat, he tries again. “He isn’t supposed to be here yet.”
“Mom, stop it. Cas is
Dean twists his wrist ever so slightly and pushes in deeper. “You ready for me?”
“I didn’t fantasize about this all week just to have you be
“Thank you,” Cas says with a soft smile.
Dean shrinks back the same as Benny.
Dean lets out the breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He forces some humor into his voice but Sam’s huff tells him that he isn’t buying what he’s selling. “Just, uh, had a moment, you know?”
“Food?” Dean asks, knowing that Cas will understand him.
Cas nudges the plate toward him without a word.
The man holds his hands up placatingly. “I’m not talking about anything real, I swear. I don’t want to hurt you or anyone else.” His brown eyes are wide and earnest but that does little to calm the spike of adrenaline in Cas’ veins.
Cas sucks in a breath when he understands what Dean is trying to imply. “Where,” Cas says in comprehension and Dean smiles at him like Cas has hung the moon. Cas can’t help the pleased flutter in his stomach to be on the receiving end of Dean’s smile, so he tugs up the sleeve of his robe to reveal a darkening bruise. He points to it and feels emboldened when a dark look crosses Dean’s features. “Hurt,” Cas says.
“Come on, Dean,” Cas says, batting his lashes when Dean opens his eyes just enough for Cas to catch a glimpse of green. “I promise I’ll make it worth your while.” Cas grins as sweetly as he can.
This chapter immediately follows chapter four so I decided to post it today instead of waiting an entire week. I hope y'all don't mind. Next week, the journey North shall resume.
Cas laughs lightly and ducks his chin to give Dean better access. Fixing his hair is a dance they’ve done hundreds of times and yet this is the first time. “I suppose they don’t,” Cas says as his cheeks redden with a blush. “We should go meet Sam,” Cas says before sucking in a nervous breath. Sam’s name sounds foreign coming from Cas’ lips and Dean feels a sudden spike of nerves.
Cas nods and stumbles toward the door as Dean finishes dressing. “Coffee, right,” he mutters under his breath.
Cas shrugs. “I’ve been on my own since I was fifteen, Dean. Never really had the time for something like that.”
Cas shrugs as Dean squawks indignantly enough to make Cas lose patience for the mild horror etched over Gabriel’s features. “Compared to the dumpster I was living behind until a few months ago, this is luxury.”
Unfortunately, the water only serves a reminder of how unbearably thirsty he’s become. His desires betray him and before he realizes what he’s doing, Cas is leaning far over the side with his hands cupped to scoop up as much water as he can hold. Water that he doesn’t need Dean to supply.
The swooping feeling in his stomach when Dean looks at him and the way his pulse flutters whenever Dean crosses his mind… he can’t imagine ever losing that.
Cas takes a shuddering breath and turns away, focusing on his pale orange dessert before he can embarrass himself by being caught. Stretching ahead of them is a long pier that reaches out over the water. With the low sun, several fishermen are out with their lines cast as far as they can reach. The waning daylight brings with it a sense of peace and the surrounding calm only adds to that effect. “Walk with me?” Cas questions, holding out his hand in the direction of the boardwalk, away from the fishermen.
Cas tilts his head. The airport is only a half-hour from the University, but even if he left from here that wouldn’t be enough time to get through security. At least, he doesn’t think.
Dean smiles and nods. “Be careful,” he says as he releases Castiel’s wrist.
Dean is surely reasonable enough to see that Cas has little choice.
“Dean!” Bobby’s gruff voice calls from the back office. “What the hell you still doin down here?”
Cas’s breath catches when he meets Dean’s wide green eyes, earnest and tender. Yes. He wants this. He has sex almost every day and yet this is the first time in years he’s felt this kind of want.
Cas tucks himself against Dean’s side with a sleepy hum as Dean turns off the lamp beside the bed. He drapes an arm over Dean’s chest and swallows hard. The peaceful quiet and their newfound closeness has him wanting to tell Dean the things he’s been hesitant to share.
“That’s awesome, Sammy!” Dean cheers and claps his brother on the back. “This calls for a drink.”
had said.
“Fuck. Dean” Cas gasps, eyes raking over his demon lover. Dean smirks as he takes his time devouring Castiel’s nude form with his blackened eyes.
Dean’s heart stutters and he nearly loses his resolve as he takes in the little crease between Cas’ brows and the way his eyes are hard and wary to mask his confusion.
He sucks in a breath through his nose and lets out a frustrated groan as he shakes his head. Dean doesn’t need to be dragged into his problems.
Dean blinks up at him through his lashes, gaze flitting to Castiel’s hands then meeting his gaze with an arched brow, silently demanding as he swirls tongue.
“There is a handprint on your throat, Dean” Sam’s tone falls flat, clearly unamused. “Is Cas hurting you?”
"Yeah?"
“Well, money was tight you see and I asked my dear sweet little brother for some help…”
His thoughts of Cas and the excitement of seeing him mixed with the disappointment of missing his wake-up call left him open to this nosedive.
The Angel has come a long way since the time they were chased out of the brothel after Cas deeply offended the woman Dean had tried to set him up with.
He’s already dreading returning to the hotel tonight with Sam and leaving Cas behind here. He doesn’t want to let the man out of his sight for even a minute.
“I don’t know,” Castiel lies as he tries to smooth the worry from his features.
“It sounds like he’s been hurt in the past, then.” Sam leans back in his seat with a smug smile. “If you’re serious about him, then you need to show him that he can trust you. Show him that you’re not going to bail.”
“Cas okay?” Dean questions, the word of Castiel’s language sounding stilted on Dean’s tongue.
After all, why would he take his fuck toy seriously?
“Dean…” Sam warns and Dean can easily imagine the pinched frown he’s being assaulted with. “Cas was pissed. Whatever you said, you need to apologize.”
Dean’s fingers trail down Cas’ side and ruck up his shirt, pulling a gasp from him when warm fingers tease against the bare skin of his back.
Cas doesn’t protest the slight change in plans, and when Dean turns around he arches towards the other man. “Please. Need you” Cas mutters, begging in a way that makes Dean’s stomach swoop with need.
Dean shouldn’t be asking him if he’s okay.
Jo holds up her middle finger as she passes and Dean barks a laugh at her antics as he closes the door firmly behind him.
Crowley nods before shaking his head. “You’re smitten, Squirrel,” he says, voice dry and acerbic but his soft smile is pleased. “So, Cas. Tell me a bit about yourself.”
He looks up to meet Dean’s gaze and his breath catches in his throat when he notices Dean’s tender smile. “Thank you, Dean,” Cas mutters softly as he steps back, his heart still fluttering from the feeling of Dean's hesitant touch.
Dean takes a deep breath and shakes his head no. “I’m ok. Just wasn’t expecting all this actual medical stuff” He swallows hard, eyes flitting to where his legs are still resting spreading apart in stirrups.
Dean pushes himself back onto his feet, only wincing a little and drawing another laugh from Benny. “Thanks, Benny,” Dean says with a roll his eyes.
The sun is beginning to sink in the sky so Cas scoops up his abandoned spade and pouch of seeds to put them away in the barn.
“Never,” Cas says gently as he reaches a hand to stroke his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Hey, buddy, we can’t help her unless you give us some room, okay?” one of the men with the stretcher reaches a hand toward Cas that has him recoiling into Dean’s arms.
Perfect.
Cas’ gaze snaps to Dean’s and his heart skips a beat. Dean cannot be serious. He shakes his head. “Maybe later,” he says around a huff of laughter.
Dean turns his head with knitted brows. “What kind of club?”
The Viking’s expression is grim and Castiel’s blood runs cold as he pushes through the crowd.
Cas sighs and turns away to grab the cleanest shirt he sees and squeezes into it. “Like you said, he doesn’t have to know.” He had been so angry with Dean the other night even though he
He thanks his lucky stars, maybe even god, that the marinara isn’t destroyed since he forgot (again) to turn the burner off earlier.
“Well, it seems he takes issue with your bees,” Sam says with a pinched frown.
“Been good. Bobby’s been workin my ass off.” Dean palms the steering wheel and his gaze grows distant as he stares ahead. “He was waitin for me when I got home the other night, convinced I had been out drinking.”
Cas sits in the tub and stares at the door with wide eyes long after Dean is gone.
Knowing that Cas is outside makes his stomach squirm in ways that Dean would prefer to ignore. How is it that someone who refuses to take care of his gardens finds so much work to do outside?
Meg’s grin widens. “Come sit with me, cupcake.” Meg pats the seat next to her and eyes Dean hungrily.
Benny gives him a quizzical look when Cas declines the call and tosses his phone back onto the small table between them with a huff. “Do I wanna know?” He asks, head lolled to the side so he can meet Castiel’s eyes.
under those damn blockers and I’ve never come so hard in my life.” He trails off with an awkward chuckle as he rubs the back of his neck. “I tried to stay away, to not to let myself want you. You clearly aren’t interested in more but here I am, being some kind of needy omega trash.” He shakes his head. “Just forget it, man, I’ll see you around.”
“Yeah?” Dean flushes, rubbing the back of his neck.
He’ll be asking about that later but for now, he’s grateful.
is the faculty member with that dubious honor
Cas nods, the knot of worry in his gut over being found out loosens each time Dean asks. “I’m good if you are.”
“I told you to stay!” Dean snarls the instant he comes close enough to not need to yell. A crowd of other Vikings looks on. The confrontation between Dean and one of the monks must be far more interesting than setting up camp.
Like before, Dean hands the joint off to Sam for the first hit but waves him off, pointing to Cas. “Cas needs practice,” Sam says with a grin, hoping he can coax Dean into taking the next hit.
Dean nods and his lips twist into an amused smile. “I guess I do,” he says as he steers Baby out of the parking lot. “I was really looking forward to a kiss though.” He shrugs like it’s nothing.
“You,” Cas says, turning to stare at Sam in the back seat. He reaches his hand out bop Sam in the nose with a single finger. “You’re so tense.”
Dean shakes his head, no. “Jus…just need you”
“Cas,” Dean says just as his shadow falls over the sun, shading Castiel as he remains crouched by the water. Water drips from Dean’s skin and soaks into Cas’ robes, leaving nearly black spots amongst the brown that have Cas narrowing his eyes in annoyance.
“Which we’re all out of,” Missy chimes in with a wink reserved only for Castiel.
Cas lays tense under the straw long after Azazel leaves. When dawn crests and floods the barn with light that prompts the other slaves to rise to go about their duties, Cas still cannot convince his body to move from his hiding spot.
Cas breaths out, trembling as he wraps his arms around Meg’s slight frame. “I am happy.”
Dean drops his chin and relishes Cas’ touches while trying to ignore the heated blush his words are causing. He almost wishes he could turn off his ears but then he would be heartbroken to be deprived of Cas’ deep and rumbling voice.
“Cas!” Dean shouts from the kitchen and Cas pushes up with a sigh.
“You’re with that other guy, aren’t you?” She asks just as the buzzer sounds and they start to move forward.
“Don’t mind me, just thought you guys could use some music to dance to,” an amused voice drifts in above the music and Dean drops his chin with a sigh.
“I can’t believe you’re finally going to do it!” Dean crows as he cinches Cas tighter and spins them in circles.
He can’t turn back now.
Dean sucks in a shaky breath and presses his lips together.
“No one has ever sung for me before,” Cas says, pretending for a moment that their situation is unreal, to begin with.
“So, you have a brother?” Dean asks once they’re moving again, paying closer attention this time.
Dean swallows hard and licks his lips, searching for a serious answer. They were hot, sure, but what Dean really liked was something more than that. “The care they have for another. The trust.”
“You’re so good for me, Dean. Such a good boy. How do you feel?” Cas rumbles in Dean’s ear as his hands skim over his handiwork.
“Ruby, don’t watch,” Lilith whispers as Dean unties her from the post and drags her to the center of the open space.
Now, he’s sure he’s found everything he’ll ever need.
Dean sighs and nods as Cas plasters himself to Dean’s good side. There hasn’t been more than an inch between them since Dean helped pull him from his knees when Gadreel fell and neither of them seems anxious for space.
Cas rucks up Dean’s t-shirt to feel the smooth and warm skin hiding beneath. Cas knows that Dean has led a comfortable life this time around, his body is free of the scars of servitude and his lungs are undamaged by illness, but he still delights in the proof of Dean’s safety and his nerves settle with Dean’s solid weight on top of him.
Cas swallows hard but goes willingly. He allows Dean to undress him slowly, trailing gentle kisses over his exposed skin until he’s stripped down to his boxers and Dean is tugging him onto the bed. “Tell me what you need” Dean whispers as Cas gathers him into his arms.
The door pushes open after a moment and Dean cranes his neck to see his visitor. “Benny,” Dean says with a smile.
“Shhh” Cas coos, running his free hand down Dean’s body before he gives kitten licks to the head of Dean’s cock. “You’re not allowed to come, Dean. Not until I say” Cas murmurs, his warm breath making Dean’s cock twitch with interest.
Dean narrows his eyes and lets out a low growl to cover his laugh as he charges toward Cas.
“Cas,” Dean croaks, fingers trying to dip inside Cas’ boxers.
“What I want doesn’t matter when I don’t have a choice.” Castiel frowns, his appetite long gone.
For as stubborn as Bobby can be and as harsh as Ellen is when she needs to be, they’re the closest thing to parents he’s had since his mother died when he was four.
The kneeling women sit up straighter and lift their chins. “We only wish the best for our people,” Ruby says without a hint of regret.
Gabriel chuckles and arches a brow. “A walk. Want to get out of here for a bit?”
Metatron laughs. “Die if you wish, brothers. Your fates matter little.”
“Almost, Cas. Almost there,” Dean pants and he moves a little faster, a little rougher.
Cas swallows hard and nods. “Yes. We, uh, just need to get dressed,” Cas says with a wince. “Dean is on the phone with Charlie,” He adds like that will save him the embarrassment.
“Sir, I fear this monk may face retribution from Azazel and Asmodeus for my actions.” Dean takes a half step forward to place himself between his father and Cas.
Cas squints and tilts his head as if that name is supposed to mean anything to him.
“Dean,” Cas whines and jumps away when the cold gel touches his scorched shoulders.
“Doesn’t matter,” Sam grumbles. “You belong to him now.”
Cas appreciates how hard Sam is trying. Their first few days together in Italy were somewhat strained as the three of them came to terms with Dean and Cas finding each other but by the time they headed to the airport, Cas and Sam were getting along great and Cas was sure he had made a new friend.
Meg slumps against the back of the couch and Dean gets a distinct feeling that this is an argument they’ve had more times than either can count. “Even if that were true, I’m sorry that I was the devil on your shoulder that led you down this path.”
But he has no reason to doubt Cas was being truthful. Who Dean might have been means nothing in the face of what he is. Even if he wanted to, he cannot go back to Wessex and demand the throne. He would be executed without question.
Dean is only lucky that Samuel saw enough in him to give him a home and a future.
Cas nods. “I appreciate your apology, Dean.” Cas’s words are stilted but his smile is soft enough to release a fraction of the tension set in his shoulders.
How can he be sure?
Dean nods and clenches his jaw. “Cas is real. He has been this entire time,” Dean says flatly, remembering all the trouble his parents gave him for talking about Cas when he was younger and how they made him believe something was wrong with him.
“For Valhalla!” The horde shouts back in a coordinated echo of Dean’s words, ensuring the monks within hear their calls to battle. Dean grins as he turns toward the monastery, the adrenaline begins to flood his body at the first sound of the monk’s warning bells. But they’re too late. The men inside will not stand a chance against Dean and his warriors.
Cas hums, sounding faintly surprised as he watches Dean lift the first piece to his lips.
Which is fine.
He reaches over and wipes his thumb over the dark smudges. “Yeah, I forgive you.”
Dean knows that’s a sore subject to bring up.
Dean refuses to be hurried, even as Cas' whines his name. He swirls his tongue around Cas pert nipple before delivering a sharp nip that makes Cas gasp and clench his fingers. He immediately soothes the sting with a puff of cool air over the spit slick nub and Cas trembles.
He knows that ringtone all too well and his eyes narrow as he reaches for the incessant device. He should have just silenced the thing after the second time Gabriel called this morning.
Let Sam undermine him. Perhaps at least one of the Norsemen aren’t complete barbarians.
Dean wraps his arms around him immediately, pushing the water aside in favor of burrowing against Cas’ chest.
Gabriel laughs, full and bright. “I thought Raph was going to have a coronary. It was a good thing my ex enjoyed making people uncomfortable, he had a lot of fun needling everyone before Dad laid down the law and demanded peace.”
Cas turns to him with a smile and dips his chin in agreement. “It is. I’m glad you convinced me to come.”
“Just shut up and let her mother you.”
The grip holding Castiel’s hand disappears and Dean redirects his attentions to unlacing his pants.
“It’s a bat,” Cas says, swallowing hard as he uses the bed as a shield.
Lee grins. “I feel ya, man. Can’t be comfortable tryin to share space with this idiot,” he fake whispers, using his hand to both shield his face and point his thumb at Dean. “Not sure how you put up with his snoring.” He claps Cas on the shoulder playfully while Dean shoves him away.
“What?” Dean bites as quietly as he can.
at a male strip club and Balthazar was there. He was just teasing me, it didn’t mean anything.”
Cas resolutely does not consider what Dean might feel if Castiel were to run away now and he refuses to consider the empty chasm threatening to open in his stomach at the thought of never seeing Dean again.
“Yeah, Sammy, be right there,” Dean calls and waves at his brother. “You ok?” Dean asks Cas before he glances at Benny.
“Yeah” Dean breathes, eyes widening as he takes in Castiel’s determined expression. His gut clenches at the idea of taking Castiel so deep in his throat that his lips can wrap tightly around the root of Cas’ cock as his air is cut off. He knows Cas won’t hurt him or even let him hurt himself, but the idea of being at Castiel’s mercy has his cock twitching in the confines of his jeans. He trusts Cas implicitly, Cas would never take more than Dean is willing and able to give. Hell, Cas would probably even take away Dean’s gag reflex with his grace if Dean asked him to. But he won’t ask, Dean likes the challenge, but he still appreciates the idea. His skin prickles at the nearly tangible current of Castiel’s inherent power electrifying the air around them and his mouth goes dry in anticipation. He likes this idea. He likes it a lot.
Even he can hear how his voice wavers and
The road crew scatters, leaving Dean in a headlock with Lee rubbing his knuckles against Dean’s scalp in a noogie.
“What’s going on?” She asks, looking between the three men with wariness growing in her expression.
The smell of Dean’s roasted deer causes Castiel’s stomach to growl and cramp without mercy. He can’t remember the last time he ate, probably supper at the Abbey the evening before everything changed. How long ago was that? Three days? Four?
Cas nods. “So, that a problem?” He arches a challenging brow.
Michael sighs and scrubs his hand over his clean-shaven chin with a scowl. “You always were the difficult one. I see that hasn’t changed.”
“So, you’re going to ask her out to do what? Dinner? Movies? Shooting range?” Dean asks as he drops onto the couch next to Cas and drapes an arm over his boyfriend’s shoulders.
“I’ll go for you though, be your arm candy,” Dean turns his head with a grin but Castiel can still see the hesitation lingering in his eyes.
…” Cas trails off as Dean continues his silent laughter. Cas glares at Dean through narrowed eyes which only makes him laugh harder. “
“That’s come back to bite me in the butt,” Cas snorts before pinching a frown and turning to Dean. “Will you be there with me? When I call him?”
Cas closes his eyes and takes a deep breath that makes his ribs protest and Dean’s eyes narrow as Cas lets out an involuntary gasp. Cas notices his Dean’s fingers twitch as he watches Castiel’s pained expression.
Dean cracks a smile and nods. “This is…a lot”
Cas nods and uses his grace to clear the broken glass from the room, repairing the lights so there is no remaining evidence of his destruction. They shower quickly, soapy hands skimming over each other’s bodies but not seeking more than simple contact.
“Dean!” Cas complains, staring in wide-eyed disbelief. “Are you going to fuck me or not?”
Dean watches them go, almost as grateful for Gabriel as he is annoyed with his impudence. Gabe is a scamp, but he’s a good man. Good for Cas, good for Sam. And that is not an admission that Dean takes lightly.
“Don’t.” Cas glares right back.
Cas feels a flutter of hope as he suddenly breaks free from his tormentor and his eyes fly open as his fingers curl around the knife in his pocket. He swings his hand wildly and doesn’t care about the stunned gasp that comes as the edge of the blade catches on something soft.
Dean pants, eyes blown wide. “Fuck, Cas!”
He’ll keep his dignity thank you very much.
“Please fuck me” Cas’ voice is rough and ragged, high and desperate. His cock is nearly purple from wanting for so long and he does everything he can to press himself closer to Dean.
“Come on Cas, before someone says something to make this worse,” Dean says with a groan and Cas looks relieved.
“No.” Cas opens Dean’s phone and replays Sam’s message. Hearing those handfuls of words again does little to soothe the ache in Dean’s chest but Cas still stares, his eyes bright even in the dark. “Does that sound like someone who hates you?”
Dean’s heart feels full as he pours the last of the mead evenly between their cups. His cheeks are flushed and his mind feels pleasantly fuzzy. Cas’ bright blue eyes are captivating Dean feels as if he could lose himself in the man’s gaze and not regret a moment of his demise.
Yet, a sense of peace begins to fill his heart as he waits. He could go inside, sure, he could even chase after Cas and take his keys back but he can’t bring himself to move.
They might never be rich, they most certainly won’t be famous, but they have everything they need in their one precious life.
“They’re terrified, Dean. There was a fox on my stoop this morning,” Cas says as he shakes his head and brushes past Dean, making his way to the kitchen like he’s been coming over for years instead of three days.
“I think Dean just answered our question.” Balthazar preens. “You’re a bottom, aren’t you, Cassie?”
Cas eventually breaks the kiss in favor of leaving a trail of kisses down the column of Dean’s throat and over his chest, steadily moving south as Cas scoots his body down Dean’s. Cas takes care to swirl his tongue around Dean’s nipple before lightly pinching the bud between his teeth. Dean gasps and writhes, pulling against his bonds simply because the resistance feels good. He almost wishes he could bury his fingers in Castiel’s wild mop of hair, but somehow this is better. More exciting.
His chest constricts as he slowly types his message and his eyes close of their own volition as he presses send and sets his phone aside and pulls the blanket over his face to hide the guilt gnawing at his insides.
With a gentle press of their lips, Cas nudges him to roll over and starts working on Dean’s back, this time allowing Dean to pillow his head on his hands as he works.
“It’s been over four hours,” Cas continues and Dean’s brow furrows.
If he waves his hand over the offending plants to make them wilt a little, well, no one else needs to know.
Dean yawns and shudders, hating that he feels like the world is ending. He didn’t even feel like this when the world
Cas gapes, not knowing what to say as he nods dumbly.
Cas tilts his head questioningly. “Oh?”
“I’m an omega,” Dean finally admits, ducking his gaze just enough to be considered submissive and Cas lets out a low growl as he wraps his fingers around Dean’s throat.
His mouth waters and he can feel his gums ache where his canines beg to sink into tender flesh, to claim what the alpha in him knows to be his. “You are infuriating.”
“I’d rather have been given the choice!” Gabriel fires back. “We thought you were dead, Cassie. No amount of your so-called bullshit could be worse than that!”
Their expressions contain a mixture of fear, anger, and a few glare defiantly at their Viking captors.
Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “I didn’t want to come off as needy.”
Cas simply looks confused and Dean can’t help but hug that look right off his face.
Mick nods, his lips pinched into a frown. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Yes!” Dean pumps his arm in the air with a wide smile. “It’s a date.” He grins.
Dean can feel Cas’ smile in the way his shoulders relax under Dean’s arm and Dean can’t help but smile himself.
Gabriel rolls his eyes. “You do realize that this place specializes in Tequila, right?”
“Wait, Castiel?” Mary questions, her smiling fading as she looks to Sam and then Dean and finally to Castiel.
“That was awesome,” Dean says as they sway together, barely controlling their persistent laughter.
They are stuck in purgatory, awaiting either damnation or salvation.
show you.”
“Dean!” Castiel cries out as Dean slams forward, not entirely prepared for the stretching burns that sends sharp shockwaves of pain radiating from his core. His grace catches up quickly, creating slipperiness where there was none. He chooses the pain, screwing his features into a grimace as Dean bottoms out.
Cas hadn’t realized how much time had passed in Dean’s room until they step outside in the warm evening air. The sky overhead has begun to darken and vivid pinks and yellows streak across the blue sky, painting the world in peaceful shades that Cas had once marveled at.
The larger man releases his hold on Castiel the instant the rope falls away and Cas hurries back to the place he’s come to consider his. Benny gives him a firm nod and turns away, leaving Cas to rub the feeling back into his hands and stretch his arms over his head.
He doesn’t get the chance.
“Thank you,” he mutters, giving Balthazar a quirk of a smile in the mirror.
“Charlie?” Cas questions, brow arched. There is no one else Dean could possibly be talking about.
He only hopes that Samuel doesn’t hurt Dean with whatever he might say.
Dean is beginning to think that “no” may be the only word Castiel knows in the Norse language, but he gets his point across well enough.
“Thanks…” Cas mutters with a flat smile as he shakes his head but Dean has a spark of an idea.
Cas lets out a low growl and gathers both of Dean’s hands in one of his, pinning them above Dean’s head as he lowers his face to an inch of Dean’s. “You are purposefully provoking me”
“You okay?” Dean asks softly as he wraps his arms around Cas’s back and holds him tightly.
The crowd erupts, clapping and screaming for more so loud that Cas nearly reaches up to plug his ears despite the earplugs Benny pressed into his hand not long after they came out.
Cas’s jaw drops and he stares, wide-eyed as he processes the man’s words.
Cas stares at Dean with frightened eyes but doesn’t fight the rough treatment. He stumbles along beside Dean almost blindly, barely even sparing his brothers on the other side of the fire a glance.
“Alright. Here’s your tickets. I recommend starting with the laser tag since we’re not too busy yet. You shouldn’t have to wait.” The young cashier hands Cas their tickets and his card with a smile before he gives Dean another curious look that causes Dean to turn away and inspect a poster on the wall across from the service desk.
Castiel takes a quick step closer to Dean and tugs the hunter in by the edge of his open flannel. Dean goes with a huffed laugh, resting a hand on Cas’ hip. The hungry look in Castiel’s eyes demands a fervent kiss, but he places a chaste peck on Dean’s cheek instead. “I heard about a club that I have interest in taking you to if you are amenable” His voice is low and holds faint traces of danger that send sparks shooting up Dean’s spine.
Gabe snaps his jaw shut and his eyes widen as he shakes his head. “Cassie… why didn’t you call sooner? If things were that bad? You gotta know I wouldn’t have turned you away, not ever.”
Meg grins and squeals with delight. “Finally!”
“Are you well, brother?” Castiel forces himself to ask, noting the darkened circles under the young man’s eyes and his drawn complexion. None of them are well. How could they be?
“Gadreel!” Cas yells and lunges around Dean just as Azazel rips his sword from Gadreel’s belly and turns on Castiel.
Megan shrieks again, this time covering her mouth to muffle the sound. When she pulls her hand away, she’s grinning. “Oh my god! Can I get a picture with you both?!”
Dean nods, watching the coil of rope intently. “My safeword is
Meg was supposed to text him when she and Gabe got into town.
Dean lets out a heavy breath and swallows hard as he turns onto a side street and begins the hunt for an acceptable place to park his baby.
What do you think about Cas' conflicting feelings and the spot Inias has put him in?
Dean is grateful that Cas can read him so well. He gives a nod, because who doesn’t like orange soda?
Cas’ fingers thread through Dean’s hair as he pulls him ever closer and he moans into the kiss, gravel rough and needy. “Dean,” Cas says when he finally pulls away. His tone is desperate and his eyes are blown wide in a way that has Dean’s pulse racing. “I want,” he says before hesitating. “I want...”
Cas watches out of the corner of his eye as Inias undresses. His lean and lithe body is as blemish-free as ever and Cas finds himself glad to see his brothers free from the bruises that litter his own body.
That is until he remembers why he set his alarm so much earlier. He manages to silence the alarm clock’s demands and flops onto his back to glare at the ceiling.
“But Sir!” Uriel protests, taking a step forward as the vein on his brow begins to throb with agitation.
Dean fights back bile at what he knows he’s witnessed. Rape is a crime punishable by death. Dean doesn’t care that the victim isn’t one of them. He will not tolerate this insult against another.
Sure.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, sounding a little more convinced.
He can still scarcely believe that he’s standing in Dean’s apartment. His resolve has been obliterated and he never imagined it would feel so
Dean takes a deep breath to steady his nerves before opening his mouth. He might as well get this over with now. “I, uh, got a plus one for family dinner. Is it cool if I bring Cas?”
“Hey!” Dean protests. “You enjoy dressing up too, don’t pretend.”
“No buts, Gabriel. I can’t deal with him right now.” Cas glares at his phone while leaning into Dean’s touch.
Several cameramen and photographers join the huddle this time and Cas does his best to disappear between them and avoid the multitude of eyes following them into the back.
Such misery would not persist into Valhalla.
Cas sputters a laugh, remembering the incident in his apartment where Dean bravely defended him and chased out the trespassing rodent but he shakes off his amusement when he remembers Crowley calling Dean ‘Squirrel’ only a few minutes ago. “Crowley said that this was Squirrel’s room.”
“What?” Dean questions, tone nearly breathless as his fingertips sneak into Cas’s shorts.
Dread swells in his stomach when his thoughts drift to the front yard. More importantly, the border between his yard and Castiel’s. He swears, if that damn milkweed is drifting into his space again he’s going to just smite the damn things and be done with them.
“Hey there, handsome,” Cas says in his most enticing voice as he gives the man a flirtatious once over. The man inside is one of his most regular customers and also one of Castiel’s favorites. He’s always clean and his words are kind. Best yet, he never complains about the price Cas charges.
“Yes” Dean gasps, nodding almost violently. “Please, sir”
The excited flutter in his stomach vehemently denies his urging that he doesn’t date, that this isn’t a date, but he lets himself get carried away for a moment and hums to himself as he runs his fingers through his hair, tricking the unruly strands into some sort of order.
“Yes,” Steve says, and if they both want to pretend they’re believable, then Nora will go with it. “My sister. Hannah.”
Cas is doing this in a different order. He’s already left. She isn’t sure he’s accepted what happened to him, yet.
“Sam?” Castiel asked.
Castiel feels the phone vibrate with a message, but he’s sitting with Hannah on a bench in a park and he doesn’t want to disrupt their conversation. The sun is warm, and the breeze lifts strands of his hair. He’s sure he didn’t used to notice these things so well, back when he had his own Grace.
Beth takes Gertrude’s arm and steers her to the dining room, past Ashley who barely reacts to yet another lecturer arriving, and seats her where Dean was a minute before. Dean’s on his feet, his expression hard to read.
“Cas, you’re plenty of use, no matter what shape you’re in.”
“Since always,” Sam says. He looks back at Dean, his eyes hard hazel, and leans over the table, bracing himself with his palms flat to the wood. “But right now I can’t let it get in the way of finding Cas. When it’s just yourself you’re drowning, I don’t like it, but I know you have your…you have reasons. All right?”
The coat collar tickles at the skin under his throat.
Perhaps he was wrong to tell them they could ask questions.
“That normal?”
That thought joins the other, the one already sitting, weighty and cold, in his mind. She’s right, of course. Who would look after him? He ran from the only two to try. He’s failed them by not letting them help him, by not being helped by them.
Riva pushes out the chair next to her and pats it, waiting until Cas is settled with the book in front of him to lean into his space and point.
“Yeah, well, we’re not exactly bona-fide FBI,” Dean says, and he says it with a smirk, even though no warmth or humor reaches his voice.
“No,” Cas says, a bite of frustration clear. “It left. Dean, you shouldn’t have done that.”
Inanna turns a little, her expression hard to read. It might be amusement, or condescension, or something else entirely.
“I wasn’t exactly as convincing as you were being,” Castiel said. “You were just acting until Sam and Hannah could arrive?”
Val opens her mouth to say it’s because people help people who need it, but she isn’t sure she can really make that comment, not when they’ve all had reason to be careful about who they let in. Beth more than anyone, really, even though Beth’s the one who brought Cas into their lives all those months ago.
Her eyes widen, just a fraction, and her lips part. Her wants to lean into her sympathy, wants to run from it.
“You have books about angels? And you’ll give them to me?”
“Dinner’s at six, so one of us will come by and pick you up about five. That all right?”
“I take it Dean didn’t stay?” Hannah asks, and that is definitely disapproval.
His frown deepens. It hasn’t occurred to him that the powder could kill. He’s not human anymore, not that weak, frightened creature he was forced to be.
And Dean’s done with not knowing what the fuck is going on in Cas’ head.
Val waits, but that seems to be all there is. She nods.
“Angel.”
“No-one’s expecting you to suddenly drop all of your baggage,” Sam says. “You get that, right?”
“You hear me?” he asked. “Used to think you could always hear me, but then there was that whole being human thing, and I’ve not been sure about how well prayers work for you since. Don’t suppose it matters. Not like you always listen to me, anyway. And I don’t blame you, Cas. I’m not mad at you. Maybe I’ve been too hard on you for not doing things the way I want you to, but I’ve been trying to do better.”
Sam can talk his way out of a lot of things, but this one feels weightier. He needs to really get through to this woman who has formed a bond with Sam’s adopted brother.
“Don’t worry about it. If I were in your shoes, I’d have a stash of weapons, too.”
“Go home,” Dean says. “What are you even asking?”
He has more to say. A lot more. That website he found took some reading, and he followed the links. Fuck, but he followed a lot of links, and he has more bookmarked to go back to. Some of them weren’t even about… Well, about anything recent. Some of them were about half-memories Dean has shoved down so far he can almost, almost forget about them. Some of them are about what it’s like to be a kid, and what it means when you haven’t got anyone you can tell that you’ve been hungry for the third time in a month.
Castiel feels the tip of his blade touch the skin of his fingers. It slices. In the next instant, the creature lunges, forcing Castiel back a step, and another. His wings sweep forwards, cutting off the attack, and he feels the thing hit them. The vibrations run through Castiel, through his angelic and his human body both, jarring and solid.
“She just needs a minute,” Beth says. “Don’t you, Gertrude?”
“Oh, come on. It won’t be that bad,” Val says. Her energy is rising, her body almost vibrating. Even with his human eyes, Castiel sees the waves of apple green and amber leaking from her skin. “Tell you what, we’ll not tell her, all right? Let her think what she wants. She’ll freak. It’ll teach her to call me-”
His eyes are glazed, though, so maybe he isn’t taking in much of anything.
“No? You think it’s something else?”
“Goddess,” Cas says. “In those days, she was known as Ereshkigal by some, though as with many of the Gods, she’s split and merged and changed over time.”
They all want to talk. They all want to talk SO MUCH. Except for Cas. He just wants to sleep.
No-one should marvel at being valued the way he does.
He shuts off the waves.
Sam’s staring at her, his lips pressed together and his jaw clenched. He gives every indicated he’d like to lift her out of the way and just walk in to that room.
Ashley ends up tucked up on the settee with a mug of hot chocolate and everyone else decamps to the dining room, where they can see him but create an illusion of greater distance. Dean finishes up a call, patting Ashley on the shoulder on the way back through the living room from the hallway where he’d gone.
“I’m not my sister. I’m not going to give you a speech about not pressuring you or not judging or anything. This shit’s got to be hurting you. But you’re old enough to make your own choices, so what can I do about it?”
“Yes. Bela…” She stopped and smiled fondly at the other woman. “Bela found me when I had all but given up, and she had such drive, such passion, that I found enough hope to follow her. I can see, now, Castiel, why you found it so compelling to follow Dean.”
Right now, Cas isn’t the wounded man in need of support and care. As she watches, a flash of golden light spills out, seeming to burst from Cas himself. Beth shields her eyes with her free hand, gripping tightly to Dean with the other. She doesn’t know if it’s helping or not, but he doesn’t pull away.
Dean has told him his job is to rest. Surely, that must mean relaxing his hold on time and location and everything else he usually monitors.
“Yeah,” Sam says, and inspects his pastry with far more intensity than it really needs. “Yeah, I’m pretty sure it’s two bedrooms, so we’ve both gotta work on wiping this from our minds.”
Nodding, the demon stepped back and turned to shout through the still open doorway.
“Who are you?” he asks. But the way they’re standing, the notebook the man holds, even the looks on their faces, they all carry that sense Dean has, when he’s acting as a cop. Castiel is torn between folding his wings about himself and raising them in warning. “What do you want to know?”
He’ll be able to concentrate better once he’s checked.
But Cas looks from Beth, to the others, and across to Dean. He nods.
“Can we not-” Sam starts.
As she waits for her friend, Beth turns her phone around and around in her hands. Val gave them the number Cas called, some strategy of spreading the information keeping them all safer. Which means she can stab out the number and listen to it ring. Which means that, when Dean answers, she can speak to him.
“Dude,” Sam cuts in. “For one thing, Cas loves you. Been obvious for years. Okay, so I missed exactly what was going on, but come on. It’s Cas. And second? Moving too fast? Seriously? It’s been how many years now? You wanna slow things down, take the guy on a few dates when you get back. Buy him flowers. Hell, make him a mix-tape. But no way have you moved too fast here. Not as long as you’re trying what we talked about-”
“Hey,” he says. “Cas, er, you planning on staying in here all night?”
He takes care to return all of Sam’s clothing to their rightful places. Sam has had enough disruption in his life, of places he has thought safe and stable. Castiel will not add to it.
“Do you think I should throw him out on the streets?”
“That okay?” Dean asked, in case Cas really didn’t get what the cheesy innuendo had been about.
“It’s okay,” Sam says. “Let me take a look. You go grab a shower.”
“No, Dean, I…” Sam breaks off and looks away, huffing out a breath. His voice is tight when he speaks again. “Look, I’m not jealous, and I’m not accusing you of not doing enough. I already said I don’t know if either of us were doing enough or the right thing or… And I mean look at that glass of whiskey, right by your hand, and it’s been there since mid-morning. How much have you had?”
“You don’t have to tell me, either,” Beth says. “When I left Greg, my mom asked me so many times how I was, and I never did want to tell her. Telling her felt like it might tear me, you know? And not just because of her reaction, even though I was plenty worried about that. Not the type to think you should leave a marriage, my mom, and as far as she was concerned Greg and I were on our way to the church any day now. But it wasn’t that. It was more that if I could make her think I was okay, then I could pretend I really was. At least, that’s what my therapist got me round to thinking.”
Dean nods.
“I know we’ve been lied to,” Cas said. “The question is how much, and exactly what the truth is. In any case, some realms are harder to enter than others. Purgatory was locked up tight enough that it took a battalion to break me out. I was at full strength then, more or less, and I couldn’t have gotten out on my own. And it’s never made sense to me that we’d just…blink out of existence when we die. Not when almost nothing else does. The multi-verse is a closed system.”
“He’s worried a Rit Zien might turn up,” Sam says, just as Dean’s about to take another bite. “Said the last one came after him.”
“Castiel?” Hannah asks. “What is it?”
“One small step,” Val mutters.
“He’s starting to worry me. Did you see him take anything? I didn’t see him take anything.”
Dean couldn’t feel her fingers on his forearms, but that didn’t meant anything. Even his shoulders were floating apart from him now.
Dean and Val say his name as the same time, but it’s the hitch in Beth’s breathing that catches him, and he’s out of his seat and next to her before he’s processed he can’t do much with coffee in his hands.
“Cas?”
And Val might need her to rant at.
He isn’t sure how he’s managed to fluster Dean, but he follows his friend in silence. Whatever the issue is, Dean will try to bury it or will let it explode, and neither one is likely to be much altered by Castiel. There is no sense in dashing himself against any more rocks than he has to.
Cas’ words aren’t even bitter. It takes Dean a moment to spot it, but that’s not resentment in his friend’s tone. It’s resignation. Exhaustion.
The grey-eyed woman taps Bryan on the shoulder and ushers him away from the bed. The man goes, but he fixes Castiel with a look that reminds Castiel of people who’ve had him under a blade. This detective wants answers. The phantom feel of slicing skin keeps Castiel quiet and still.
“Like you feel you have to protect him?” Beth asks.
“Paperwork and a reputation,” Beth says, but she sounds interested. “Are you saying you could fake documents for him?”
She slides it over to him and slumps back, pushing both hands into her now loose hair so it stands up in dark fronds.
Cas lit up.
And she’s gone.
The way he shifts in the seat is enough to tell her Dean isn’t the only one who lies, but his words come out smoothly enough.
“What was he trying to explain?”
“She was in charge of correction,” Cas says, his words lacking all emotion. “Re-education. She was charged with keeping us on the right path. I used to think it was… But maybe she was our healer. Maybe she kept us sane.”
“Can you do it or not?” Sam asked.
That sounds weak, but he toughs it out and Beth nods.
Castiel waits a beat for Dean to protest at the term, but Dean’s lips curve into a smile.
Inanna rests one hip against the kitchen counter and stares out at the garden. She has her arms crossed and doesn’t look like she wants to burn the house to the ground. Still, Beth moves carefully as she opens the cabinet and gets out one of the best glasses.
The pinching grip between Dean’s teeth would be enough to bring pain to another human, perhaps even enough to break the skin but Castiel only gasps, surging into Dean’s bruising grip. Dean releases his hands with a firm command not to move and begins to tear at Castiel’s shirt, buttons popping and skittering across the room. Cas arches his back, grinding into the hard length of Dean’s cock above him. “You could have been hurt” Dean growls as the thin fabric of Castiel’s dress shirt tears beneath his demanding fingers. Not only did Castiel take it upon himself to attack the Angel blade-wielding Demon, but he did so without telling Dean what was going on.
He’s lost his mind, that’s how.
“Come on, Cas,” he complains, bending his knee to tap his heel against Cas’ ass. “Don’t keep me waiting.”
“Dean! Look out!” Sam yells and Dean’s attention returns as he curses violently.
He scowls at the underwear, not pleased and just as unsurprised that Bal not only dug through his underwear drawer, but he chose a tight-fitting pair of black boxer-briefs that Cas pointedly never wears.
Cas’ lips part slightly and Dean can see the moment he understands as Sam buries head in his hands. “You’re meeting a girl named Jess for dinner,” Cas observes and Dean rolls his eyes fondly.
Cas’ hands wander and Dean hisses into the kiss when his fingers skin the fabric bandaging his shoulder. Cas pulls back sharply. “Sorry, Dean, I’m sorry,” Cas says, his eyes wide and red and glistening.
“Quit tryin to butter me up, brother,” Benny says with narrowed eyes even though a faint smile plays on his lips. “I’m still not letting you and Feathers here loose in the city without security.”
Slowly, Dean’s movements become bolder and the slap of skin on skin becomes louder as they move together. Their fingers remain tangled, neither man willing to put any more distance between them than necessary.
The couch shifts slightly as Dean rolls toward him, his shoulder pressed firmly into the back cushions. “That mean I have you all to myself?” He asks with wide eyes and a sly smile.
“You want to take that money out of my ass, right?” Dean shifts to press against Castiel’s growing erection. “You wanna fuck me?”
“Dean,” Cas finally breathes the word, so soft that anyone could be excused for missing it.
Dean blinks at him, considering. The black of his contacts makes the room seem dimmer and they mute the blue of Castiel’s eyes. In short, he doesn’t like them but Cas can’t seem to take his eyes off his demon black eyes. Dean flashes a grin and strokes his cock, drinking in the sight of Cas strung out in front of him. Helpless and trusting.
Cas circles his tongue around Dean’s entrance with a groan before closing his lips around the tight furl of muscle and sucking. Dean all but sobs and his legs tremble with the intense pleasure.
“And one of those Pass things for my friend,” Dean says smoothly, cutting Cas off mid-sentence.
Dean remembers with a start that his fingers are still buried inside of Cas and he crooks them with a smirk, derailing Cas’ domineering track to return them to the fact that
“You,” Dean says again with his hand against Castiel’s chest before withdrawing and placing it over his own heart. “Me.”
Dean gives Benny a nod, a silent signal to watch the camp closely for signs of anyone seeking to undermine the last stages of the raid. It is not too late for the opposing brothers to launch an attack on Dean and Sam themselves and claim the success of the raid for themselves.
Cas hums and Dean can’t be bothered to look up to meet the pleased little smirk he knows is turning the corners of Cas’ lips upward. “Shower?” Cas asks and Dean is grateful for the offer.
Dean huffs as he cradles the phone and opens his fridge, searching for breakfast. “Nothin much, just cleaning house an all that.”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice is small in the dark, almost timid sounding.
Dean throws his head back in a laugh. “I take it you like them?”
Gabriel gives Sam a cross look before angling himself and Castiel away from the Viking. “Cassie, you shouldn’t have done that. You’re not a fighter. If Dean hurt you, I swear I’ll...”
Cas is so excited to finally introduce Dean to his friends that the thought of going back to Punta Gorda doesn’t turn his stomach into knots like it has for the last six years.
Together, they will be unstoppable.
Cas turns his head to glance out the window before turning the full force of his attention back on Dean. “Still, there is a certain attachment to be found when it comes to rebuilding someone. I can understand the affection they have for each other.”
Cas simply stares after Dean for a moment before shaking himself out of his stupor when he catches sight of Dean’s smirk. “Not fair,” Cas mutters under his breath and earns himself a chuckle from Dean.
“What?” Cas exclaims in protest. “Why?”
Cas presses his tongue flat against the underside of Dean’s cock and Dean nearly sees stars as Cas begins to suck harder. Dean’s pleasure builds and crests, his entire body tingles with the simple joy and disbelief of having Cas in this way.
Cas wrinkles his nose shoots Dean a glare. “I did not say mixed together.”
“No, Dean. Please let me say this.” Sam frowns at him from across the table, his hazel eyes going glassy as he stares. “You were always there for me, always made sure we ate, had clothes, somewhere to live. You made sure I got to school every day, even after you stopped going. You did
Dean nods, not daring to mention that Cas already told him as much. “How’d you find the strength to get clean?” He’s genuinely curious. As much of a struggle as he’s been having, heroin is even harder to quit than alcohol.
Cas grins against Dean’s throat and nips lightly as his hands skim under Dean’s shirt. “I want you, Dean, I want to make you lose control,” Cas whispers, his voice low and husky enough to make Dean’s toes curl.
Dean gives a jerky nod. “Cas, I’m sorry, I didn’t tell you. You must hate me...” Dean starts to ramble but Cas places his hands against Dean’s chest and pushes hard enough to keep him at a distance.
Dean sighs and narrowly resists shaking his head. He doesn’t need to respond. Asmodeus will continue whether or not Dean acknowledges his remark.
“Hmmm, that’s kinda the point” Dean’s voice is full of careless bravado, as if Castiel is nothing more than a piece of meat for him to play with. “You are mine, Castiel” He growls and crowds Cas into the cold wall at his back.
“Let me go!” Cas cries out. He strikes Benny as hard as he can when he manages to get a hand free but the hit doesn’t faze the man.
“He’s had a little too much to drink,” Castiel chimes in just as the look of recognition flashes over the server’s features.
Gabriel is set to begin teaching him to defend himself, perhaps now would be a good time for a lesson.
He’s badly injured, but he still should have been there to light the torch and send his father’s pyre adrift. Sam surely took his place, Samuel was surely sent off with honor, but tears burn behind Dean’s eyes when he considers that he failed in a son’s most sacred duty.
Cas tentatively offers his hand to Dean and feels a flutter in his stomach when the man graces him with a soft smile.
Gabriel huffs on the other end of the line just as a soft knock sounds on the door to their room. “You kept him a secret from
“I,” Michael starts and then stops with a hard swallow. “I will try.”
Dean almost sounds afraid.
Cas shrugs, still trying to will his body’s demands into submission in favor of exploring the man in front of him. “Food can wait.”
Castiel shakes his head and wrinkles his nose. “I don’t know what women see in you.”
“Dean has his stupid Christian fooled,” Lilith whispers and Cas’ eyes narrow. “Trying to convince him to join us will do no good.”
Dean nods, suddenly feeling shy in addition to terrified. “Sam took off. Gonna go hang with Jody and the girls for a few days” He sits, rigid as he leans against the headboard behind him.
Castiel debates the merits of being slightly disobedient but a sharp stabbing pain lancing up his leg decides for him. Cas slowly pushes to his feet, watching the men and women around him for signs of violence but he sees nothing beyond a handful of curious glances.
“Fuck,” Dean moans, pressing his head back. “Do that again.”
Dean’s stomach lurches and threatens to make him revisit whatever might be left of his lunch. Meg told him where to find her but he can’t help glancing around, waiting for the police to burst out of the shadows and arrest him for solicitation.
“Just making sure,” Dean says before giving Cas a peck on the nose. “So, Roadhouse. You any good at pool?” He needs to change the subject, now. Sam has always said that Dean is allergic to feelings, and Dean feels a bit itchy under the collar right now.
Dean has never been more grateful for his family.
Dean nods and sucks in a quiet breath. “We’ll figure something out. For now, milkshakes?”
“Go home, Cas,” Dean says flatly and Cas turns to see him sitting on the ground in front of a large tree. His knees are drawn up to his chest and his eyes are rimmed in red even as he rubs them with his shirtsleeve.
“You’re not the one studying Latin for his dissertation.” Sam sticks his tongue out at Dean and Cas laughs at the brother’s antics.
Dean swallows hard but holds his chin high.
“Oh, it’s on, Winchester,” Cas laughs as he gives chase. He nearly slides into the kitchen island when his sock-covered feet gain no traction on the wood floor, but Dean laughs, the sound bright and happy, so Cas counts it as a win.
Cas turns his head to stare at Dean with an arched brow. “You’re going to lecture me? Mr. I’m going to drive no matter how exhausted I am?”
As always, I would love to hear from you either here or on twitter. My handle is @grimmlin_fic
“As you wish.” Cas smiles graciously and nudges Dean toward the kitchen.
“Liar,” Dean says, his anger betrayed by his wide smile as he pelts his pillow across the room at Cas’ head.
“We’re getting married,” Dean says with a wide grin and laughter in his voice. He decides he can pretend to be annoyed with his family later.
Dean hums and presses back into Cas, clutching at Castiel’s arm where it’s wrapped over Dean’s side. “Just stay with me” Dean murmurs quietly.
“Dean,” Cas says softly, catching the man’s hand as he tries to brush past him. He brings Dean’s calloused palm to his lips. “Come home with me tonight.”
“Oohhh, so it is a hot date. I thought as much when I heard you stumbling around so early.” Meg takes another nibble of her toast with a pleased smirk. She looks better this afternoon, less sallow and her brown eyes seem brighter than they have in days.
“I want to try it, Cas!” Dean protests. “The lesbian stuff isn’t gonna work for us. Do you want to try cross-dressing? We can do that if you’d like it, but I’m gonna say right now it doesn’t appeal to me. I’m not opposed, but cross-dressing doesn’t do anything for me” Dean reasons, trying to appeal to Cas.
Dean wakes up and Cas makes his feelings clear.
Dean’s eyes narrow at the sight. The holes are small, perfectly round, but something about them makes his skin prickle. He leans over, crowding into Cas’ space to run his finger along the edge of one of the holes. A faint shiver runs through him and he swallows hard as nightmare images of Cas being hurt flood his thoughts. “Tell me about the coyote.”
He backs the larger man against the wall and his frustration grows when Dean doesn’t try to resist. When Dean’s back hits the wall, fear shines in his green eyes and Cas’s growl deepens. “I don’t give a
Dean meets his gaze and they have a silent discussion, settled by a dip of Castiel’s chin and Dean’s outstretched hand. “This is Cas. My boyfriend.” The word falls easily from Dean’s lips but the weight of its significance isn’t lost on either of them.
“Cas,” Dean interrupts firmly. “I don’t care. Unless you’re plotting to kill me in my sleep, I don’t care.” He says as much as he dares without broaching the subject of his suspicions and he chews his lip as Cas huffs into the phone.
But, Missouri and Dean have both taught him that he needs to take care of himself first and he’s determined to do so. He needs time. He nods and is saved from responding by Rachel returning with a fuzzy blue blanket in her arms.
“Cas will suffer at no man’s hand.” Dean takes a step into his uncle’s space with a glare and his tone dripping with venom. He will not take threats lightly, especially not to Cas.
His eyes burn and his nose runs as wet tears roll down his cheeks. He wipes them away with the back of his hand when he hears Dean come back. He wasn’t gone as long as Cas thought he would be, or maybe more time has passed than Cas realizes.
“Don’t worry. Follow my lead, I’ll show you what to do,” The girl says proudly as she readies her blaster.
Dean lifts a hand to cover the spot as he bites his lip. “It’s not that.” He shakes his head. “I just thought, you know.” He trails off with a shrug that leaves Castiel’s head tilting in confusion.
Cas huffs a laugh, shaking his head before scrubbing a palm over his face. Dean is a constant mystery in motion, always full of twists and turns. Cas can hardly keep up now that Dean is finally starting to trust him with his innermost thoughts.
“You sure?” Dean asks, cheeks flushing.
His head does
Cas takes the money and swallows hard as he tucks it away before waving the man deeper into the alley. “How do you want me?”
“Are you well, brother?” Ezekiel asks with a concerned look to his pale blue eyes.
Cas backs away quickly, eyes blown wide as he shakes his head and holds out his hands as if he thinks Dean would even consider striking him. “This isn’t what it looks like,” he says and Dean’s heart threatens to break.
“My apologies, Dean. May we continue this conversation in private?” Cas asks in earnest, glancing sideways at Sam.
to get in.” Dean grins but Cas can’t help the pang of sadness in his heart at the way Dean speaks so easily of his unstable childhood.
He clenches his jaw and glares at Sam. “I think this was their plan all along. That arrow was meant to kill me, but Asmodeus’ archer failed.” Dean turns to Cas and shakes his head. “You should leave. Take your brothers and go home. You have your freedom and my blessing,” Dean says with a thickening tongue. He hates the words coming out of his mouth but this isn’t their fight. He doesn’t understand why they ran to help him in the first place.
since Cas prefers homemade to out of the jar.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, relief clear in his tone as he takes a long stride to drag Castiel into his arms. “I thought you ran,” Dean mutters as he holds Castiel close.
His stomach drops and squeezes, before flipping and starting all over again as a slow smile forces the corners of his lips up.
“Stop this!” Dean demands as he braces his brother from running forward.
It seems that the police still milling around have his legendary temper somewhat curbed.
Dean shakes his head before spitting his mouthful of toothpaste foam into the sink. Each time Cas had wiggled the plug free and slid into him, he would begin nice and slow, asking if Dean was certain he wanted to continue, before building up to a punishing pace to finish before Dean could find his orgasm. Dean could almost cry with the frustration of trying to ignore the constant simmer of arousal throughout the day and the number of times he had to firmly grip the base of his cock to stem his orgasm.
Mary and John shoot Dean an inquisitive look but allow Cas to continue. They spend the next hour or so listening as Cas carefully describes portions of his childhood. Dean knows there's more to the story, but those gaps can wait until Cas is ready to fill them in.
“What’s the hurry?” Meg drags him back. “Dean, can I get you anything to drink?”
“I’m fine,” Cas says with a lukewarm smile as he shakes his head to clear his mind before he loses his composure. This was a mistake. Coming here was a mistake. He isn’t ready and now he’s stuck.
“I was protecting you” Castiel clenches his own jaw, preparing to dig in his heels against Dean’s anger.
Certainly someone smarter than him.
“Don’t try to turn me into some sort of homemaker, okay? That isn’t me.” Dean looks to him nervously and bites at his lip.
The man huffs and tosses his cigarette on the ground for Cas to grind out with his boot. “Evening. The usual?” The faint lilt to his accent makes Cas place him as vaguely British. Maybe Australian, it’s hard to tell when he speaks so softly.
“Yeah, I chickened out and hung up on the only family I got. Sure sounds great.” Dean glares at the stars as his head swims and his gut churns.
“Git on back, y’all. Nothin to see here! You know the band is already inside! Give us all some space!” The man in the lead shouts over the noise of the paparazzi and Cas shrinks back, shaking his head.
“Should I tell Dean what you say? Will you call him liar?!” Cas continues his tirade. He almost doesn’t care that his words are likely incorrect. She should still understand.
He suspects he knows why Cas doesn’t date but he can’t tell Sam that. “He says it’s better that way, safer.”
“Dean.” Sam’s eyes widen and soften at the same time, his voice pitching high enough to sound like he had when he was fourteen and begging Dean to stay home with him instead of hustling pool.
“A vet?” Dean asks without bothering to try to hide his bewilderment. “Why would we call a vet?”
If he notices the broom comes away from him a little more sparkly, well, Dean isn’t going to mention it.
“Dean!” Cas calls, already starting to recover. He launches himself from the bed to chase after Dean.
“I, uh,” Cas trails off and tries to smile while still holding his bottom lip tightly between his teeth.
Dean rolls his eyes and settles back in his chair, bowl now empty. “Harrison Ford is in the ones I brought. When he was young.”
Cas rolls his eyes and steps to the door and locks it. “Go away, Meg!” He shouts and Dean’s eyes widen as his jaw drops.
“Allow me to send a clear message. I will not tolerate any more questions about the parentage of my sons. They are my blood and that is enough. Ruby, Lilith. You will die at nightfall. Dean, prepare for their execution.” Samuel rises from his seat and gestures to have the women removed from his sight.
Cas presses two fingers to Dean’s temple, searching with his grace for whatever might be wrong. He finds nothing. No bleeding injuries, no sprains, strains or even bruises. Nothing to suggest why Dean might be behaving this oddly. “Dean, you are beginning to worry me” He strokes light fingers through Dean’s hair as he searches for the source of Dean’s affliction.
But the damage is done, firing the homophobic asshole wasn’t enough to lessen the ire from the local gay community.
It figures that not only is Cas the most beautiful man Dean has seen since freaking Adonis walked the earth, but he’s domestic as hell too. Alright, maybe that’s a poor choice of words. His great uncle wouldn’t appreciate his realm being called domestic. Although, Persephone might not mind.
how our dear Cassie is in the sack,” Balthazar whines and Meg smirks as Gabe shrugs and pushes to his feet.
“Dean?” Castiel prods, encouraging Dean to use his words.
Cas’ gaze searches Dean’s expression and Dean has never felt such scrutiny. “You were born in Wessex,” Cas says plainly and Dean can’t help his wince even if Cas is avoiding the topic at hand.
Every time Dean had asked Bobby why he bothered, why he cared what happened to him and Sam.
Fuck, he’s an idiot.
“Because no one gets between Dean and food,” John chimes in before taking a bite of his sausage.
“I am not…” Cas starts but Gabriel silences him with a firm hand on his shoulder and a nudge backward.
Sam and Dean both turn to the giggling angel, his blue eyes squeezed tightly closed as he tries to stifle his laughter. He snorts and Sam wants to smack the soft smile off of his brother’s face.
Maybe Bobby with let him take a half-day, make Ash pull his weight for once.
Cas chews his lip and sighs when Dean blankets him and strokes his fingers along Cas’ stubbled jaw before leaning in for a kiss so feather-light that Cas melts into the bed beneath him.
Wetness that he can’t entirely blame on his shower makes his eyes burn as he scrubs himself nearly raw, needing more than ever to wash off the filth of strangers' hands on him.
“Tell us about her.” Dean settles on Sam’s side opposite of Cas, bracketing the younger man between them and bumping his shoulder playfully.
That’s Dean’s motto, although he is no boy scout. Besides, Cas is pretty sure that keeping lube within reach at nearly all times isn’t what that phrase is supposed to mean.
Sam has already hauled Marv off and the police have taken their statements. It’s been a busy night, and despite the fact they spent most of the day in bed together, Cas seems nervous now that they’re alone.
Dean sighs as he takes a sip of his coffee and leans his hip against the counter. “I take it you two are close?”
Cas smiles down at his phone while he waits for Charlie to respond and the explosion of heart emojis doesn’t disappoint.
“There is nothing to forgive, Carissime,” Cas says softly as he presses a kiss to Dean’s brow.
“Crowley, get out of here. There’s nothin to see till the meet and greet.” Benny steps to Cas’ side and folds his arms over his chest.
He can almost hear the click of Dean’s throat as he swallows and the weight on the bed shifts while Dean leans back to grab the bottle of lube they tucked inside the drawer of the nightstand.
Cas glances to his phone and smiles softly. At least Dean is polite about hedging his invitation for coffee.
“What?” Dean’s gaze shoots up with surprise. “You’re shitting me”
Michael shakes his head and bites his cheek mischievously. “She refused.”
“My brother comes to visit,” Dean defends weakly and Cas hums as he leans into Dean’s space, his lips only inches from Dean’s.
The deep sound of Dean’s laughter drowns out the TV when Cas reaches over to steal a piece of his beef and a war ensues that leaves them both sticky and struggling to breathe through their tear-inducing laughter.
Cas nods and laces their fingers together. “Very.” Truthfully, he’s been bouncing in his seat for the last hour, wishing Dean could hurry and get them out of here. He wants to be a supportive boyfriend, and he intends to be but being here has been so much more excitement than he’s become accustomed to. He’s ready to go somewhere quieter.
“Okay. Okay, Cas. We’ve said we’ll try it your way. But we ain’t walking away and leaving this thing out hunting. You get that, right?”
I know some of you were worried about Beth and how she'd react once she knew Dean and Cas weren't in the same situation as her and Greg, so I didn't want to just skate past that. Hope this helps.
“You sure he’s alive?” he asked, as Hannah slid into the passenger seat.
“There’s no need to apologize,” Cas says. “It’s what I can remember that’s worse.”
“You’re not okay,” she says, and it’s a pronouncement. “I just got attacked by some bastard in an alley, and you saved me, and you’re not okay.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says, a hint of impatience in his tone.
She stops again, this time because her voice cracks and her cheeks turn heavy with tears. One of Val’s fingers twitches, but she doesn’t move, doesn’t look at Beth, and Beth manages to take a steadying breath and keep going.
Riva shrugs, her hands still on top of her head, and narrows her eyes.
Castiel find he has no words left in him, and he follows this woman in silence. The bench sits empty.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “That. Whatever. If we say that, and we say that a man can do his absolute best and just…”
Except…except…
Ah. Probably with the help of his drugs. There’s a twist to Val’s lips that says she suspects that, in any case.
“Look, Cas, I know this is…I know you don’t find it easy to talk about this crap, and that’s on us. I mean, you’ve learned how to do all this human stuff from us, right? Can’t imagine you were encouraged to be open about your feelings in the Garrison.”
“You fucking are,” Val says, almost over him.
Behind Dean, the demons clustered in a group, expressions rapt. As Castiel’s vision flickered between frequencies, he saw the smoke of them curl and coil in what had to be a mix of fear and excitement. Then again, if they had really been looking to change Dean back into a Knight, a full one this time, they already had to be desperate for a leader. Whichever brother won here, they’d be able to claim one. If not a Knight, if not Cain’s Heir, then a Boy King.
“You were thinking about the creature no-one can remember when you were in bed with me,” Dean says, levelly. “Apparently, some people find that amusing.”
Crouching, he sets his hand against the tree, hoping for some clue. Anything. Claw marks, prints that civilians might discount. Something to tell them what’s been attacking people. What attacked Cas.
