One of the homeless people eventually noticed Sherlock and stood near the boundary of the lobby and dining room once he had finished his food. Sherlock gestured him over. "Spare change?" the man asked.
"Alright we will give you a more extensive test later when you have recovered more. Do you have any allergies that I need to know about?"
Wrong. Thing. To say. John's fists clenched, and he began making a move towards Mycroft, but this time Sherringford was ready, having taken John's previous threat to heart. He pressed a very restraining hand across John's chest, and purposefully stepped forward, placing himself between John and Mycroft before offering a hand to help his younger brother up from the floor. Mycroft had barely gotten his feet under him before Sherringford landed a forceful but controlled punch to Mycroft's midsection, enough to wind him, but not enough to cause true damage. He then sat Mycroft back into his chair so the man could try and recover a bit. He had obviously knocked the wind out of him good and proper.
It had taken three of them to hold Sherlock down on the bed he'd been fighting so hard when they had taken John. He realized now that it wasn't frustration at his brother he had been seeing, the detective had been furiously terrified until Will had knocked him out with a rag of chloroform. Sherlock had figured it out even back then, he knew what was going to happen. Fuck, John didn't want that to be the last image of Sherlock he'd ever see, he tried to focus back to before that, pinned under Sherlock on the living room floor, desperate and needy and that intense gaze that missed absolutely nothing and stored it in that brilliant eidetic memory of his. He'd seen Sherlock steal his hairbrush before for some nefarious purpose, and return it as clean as when it was new, so Sherlock probably even had his DNA matrix memorized if he went looking for it in his mind palace. If he ever found so much as a fingernail, he'd know it was John's, and somehow that was comforting.
"After all of my leniency and generosity, is this really the gratitude I receive in return John, Sherlocks' physical and sexual abuse? Given your complete and utter repetitive failures in this endeavor, perpetuated by your own two hands no less, can you give me one singular reason as to why I shouldn't kill you right now and leave your worthless corpse to rot?"
Tell Mycroft I'm good but I am not God, if he wants me to save this guy I am going to need some fully trained help. If we can't transport him I want him to fly in a full surgical team and equipment. I can't be the only surgeon with clearance, I was just the closest, and if this man is going to have any kind of fighting chance he first needs to be given one."
They all marveled that their patient was still breathing, and Mark insisted they double date sometime, he wanted to see what Sherlock was like for himself if he'd managed to get 'Three Continents Watson' to settle down and be monogamous. If nothing else than to get together when there wasn't a dying man between them, maybe more dinners and drinks acting like normal blokes instead of super surgeons.
Therefore that wasn't his polo, and those weren't his clothes. Taking a look at all the other victims it began making sense. The fit was wrong, the styles, the fabrics, the wear, everything. Not a single one of them was wearing their own clothes he realized, and the conflicting pieces came together. They were all 'costumes' in a sense, each highly identifiable if you knew what to look for. A mother, a father, five 'relatives', three professors, six students, four professionals, possibly co-workers, four managers or bosses, and finally the girl.
Violet Holmes swept Mycroft into her arms and hugged him like she had feared she would never see him again. Sherringford clapped him soundly about the shoulders and pulled him into a one-armed embrace, and the little girl immediately held out her arms to be caught in a half flying/falling maneuver that landed her squarely in Mycroft's arms and planting a kiss on his cheek at the same time. The boy hung back from physical affection, but smiled and waved shyly to his uncle.
Lestrade met them at the door and Sherlock could see that something about this case was getting to Lestrade already, something had hit home. "What can you tell me?" Sherlock questioned of Lestrade, trying to get the man to snap out of whatever place in his brain he'd gotten stuck in.
6 or 8 oz flank steak with our roasted butternut squash and sweet potato seasonal side, served with green beans and soup or salad.
“You were feeling guilty, you wanted to be punished for your sins, and self chastisement didn't seem to be doing it for you, so I tried to accommodate. That way you wouldn't be pitying yourself when you found out the truth, and you respond better to bad news when you have a level head.”
Still not wanting to talk, or really move at all, they both drift off, thinking it will only be for a few moments, but both fall deep into dreams. They are roused about six in the morning with both of their mobiles going off like crazy with texts and calls alike at the same time. There's only one thing that can possibly mean and Sherlocks' eyes snap wide open and the hunger of the chase fills them as he goes for his phone on the bedside table. John can't blame the man, it's been nearly two weeks since their last case and the man has been insufferable in the interim.
"Really? Considering how little time you spend there, and how easily you are called away from it on short notice for one of Sherlocks' little whims, Doctor, I feel it safe to say you no longer enjoy feeling 'Normal' all that much anymore. In fact one might even say that you are using it as a crutch to try and once more protest against your love of adventure and action because somehow such an affinity would make you seem abnormal in your own eyes. There is no shame in enjoying what you are good at, and you are FAR too good at what you do to be buried in mediocrity and say it's what you truly want with any conviction, Doctor. My brother cured you of your first crutch, perhaps I shall be successful in fully ridding you of the second. Come Major Watson, the helicopter is waiting."
Lestrade felt rather warm inside just knowing a man like John, it renewed his faith in humanity a bit after being exposed to such an ugly side of it with what he did for a living. Sherlock had a strange little look on his face, one might almost mistake it for fondness if one wasn't talking about Sherlock Holmes. Lestrade knew that he himself was the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes had, somewhere on an invisible fluctuating level between Benign Disdain, and Tolerable Idiot. But the look on the man's face right now as he looked at John, had all the classic signs and subtleties of a five year old wanting to help someone with a push on the swings or give them a boost onto the climbing frame just to have an excuse to say something to them or get closer to them. Sherlock Holmes was interested in another person, and that's something that just doesn't happen.
And John breaks, he gives in just like he always does. He takes that hand and is pulled towards his pale eyed lover and wraps his arms around the one he hurt. It's when Sherlock's arms wrap around his waist and pull him closer that John begs the beast inside him, whatever it is, to tear into him instead, or the rest of the world, anyone else. It can maim and kill every criminal they come across without impunity or hesitation, but this, this one person, his Sherlock, don't hurt him again please, please just let him be.
“Yeah, think about it. I mean we could have killed them either way, but you would really have to think about it for a minute without a weapon, and rational doesn't go for the kill first off unless directly threatened. A knife, I'd probably have only gone to injure, especially if they didn't fight back, but if I'd had a gun... I had clear shots except when we were jumping fences and for those first few minutes, the sound of the glass busting and the bricks crashing through windows... that snapped me back into a memory so powerful I can still taste the dust and gunpowder in my mouth and the lamb the woman was cooking... that first minute we were running, those weren't stupid kids running down the street, they were enemies. No wonder they take our toys away when we come home.”
"I'm really not picky, I like most anything really, something I don't have to rush away from the middle of, I consider a treat."
He mostly tuned out when Mycroft started listing off his crimes and the inconvenience he'd caused, all the favors the man had done him. While they were true of course, John realized that Mycroft couldn't scare him, he'd already come to terms with it. This was one of the most dangerous men in the world, and John had pissed him off and hurt his little brother. He was most likely going to just disappear off the face of the earth, Mycroft could probably arrange it so that there was no evidence he had ever even been born or existed except in the minds of the people who remembered him.
"I'm not going to chase you off or anything, but I'm just letting you know I'm going to have a few customers coming in you might not have expected. You're welcome to stay if you want to, but I have to ask that you ignore them, they tend to not trust strangers and can get jumpy if they think you are staring at them."
Sherringford laughed. “He's taught you well. I'm afraid there's no way to say this without sounding tactless.”
Five years of deep undercover work cooperating with nine different governments to collect intel on insurgents trying to amass weapons, whose primary objective was to get another country to fire the first shot so they would be justified in declaring war, and they were within a month of being able to do it. Their main contact was a man called Sebastian Moran, the right hand man for one of the most notorious shadow crimelords in the world, known only to other criminals as a name whispered in terror, 'Moriarty' as if he were the Boogie Man or the Devil himself. Any criminal mastermind that struck terror into the hearts of some of the most ruthless cutthroats in the underworld was definitely someone they had their eye on. This agent had successfully retrieved not only all of the information on the insurgents, but also managed to get a detailed view of the vast web that Moriarty controlled, and the information had been terrifying. There wasn't a major or minor criminal element that the man wasn't involved with or connected to in some form or another. Drugs, theft, money laundering, protection rackets, street gangs, counterfeiting, smuggling, jewels, false antiques, real antiques, political bribes, assassinations, weapons, starting or ending wars, government corruption, terrorist movements, bombings, political backing and blackmail, there wasn't a single thing he wasn't involved with. And Mycroft realized with a sickening realization, Moriarty was almost too big to fail. If they cut off one leg the others would absorb the loss and he'd retaliate with twice as much vengeance and rebuild it up again stronger. How had they not seen such a major player for so long?
“I think it's a beautiful manor, and I think any child who gets to grow up here is very fortunate indeed, getting to run around and explore to their hearts content with a head full of imagination. It's like it's own private little world.”
John nodded again and they headed back to the restaurant. The ambulance was still there, and Lestrade had the matter well in hand. Surprisingly, Sherlock had taken on the task of keeping the customers happy and was directing the staff even though John would have thought that food service would have stopped entirely, but he had merely reorganized people in the affected areas into other available seating. Mycroft had shown up as well and was directing a cleanup team to finish documenting the evidence and clear up the mess. A repair man was also there removing the old windows and replacing them with new ones.
He barely registered that the kiss had stopped when he heard Sherlock's sultry, sinful voice purring in his ear even as his hand slipped down to palm John's cock through his trousers. His other grabbed John's bad arm, winched it behind his back and held it in place only by gripping his thumb. The hand on his cock became serious, tightening hard with a very threatening half twist and fingernails threatening to dig in, while Sherlock's knee pressed behind John's own, threatening to knock him off his feet and land him into a world of pain.
"What on earth are you talking about? I threw you at a bleeding man and arranged for a helicopter and that's about it, you and the others are the ones who saved his life."
His stomach dropped. How close had he come to getting John killed for something he had started? His fingers were shaking as he typed two words:
"Alright then, saving a patient who'll hate me for it. Feels like Afghanistan all over again. We'll see which one of us is more stubborn. I need clean scrubs, a nail brush, and nail clippers to start my surgical prep work. I also need the patient's vitals and the test results as soon as you have them. I'll do my own preliminary exam before I do a full surgical scrub, because if we can move him, I want to be able to determine how fast. And please tell me ONE of you is an anesthesiologist."
John was running back to the scrub room when he saw Mycroft in a small office typing on his computer. He flung open the door.
I write for myself because I love to, and because I like to get my ideas down and share them after so many other writers have done the same for me. I enjoy feedback, especially positive, (what writer doesn't) but I don't care one whit if the reader actually likes a story I've written or not, since reading tastes are all highly different and I don't presume for a moment that I can please everyone. The only one I ever concern myself with disappointing is myself, and the only way for me to do that is to not write at all. I only post when I am satisfied with a chapter, and trust me I am a far harsher critic of my own work than anyone else can ever be.
pumpkin pie cheesecake. A seasonal favorite! Thick freshly made pumpkin pie cheesecake on a cinnamon graham cracker crust with gingerbread crumbles on top.
It was two weeks later at lunch time and he actually had a pretty decent crowd going, Business had been picking up steadily, to the point he wasn't worried about the books balancing at the end of the week, and he even had a few new regulars, and probably another new one which Sherlock had brought in just minutes ago.
"Will you please lower your cameras, and turn off your video? I think all of you have taken sufficient pictures of me for the moment, and I would like to see who I'm talking to. I don't mind being on record, but I doubt what I have to say will be anything you want to report on just now anyway, so I'd rather not waste your tape. Thank you. We are in no way trying to silence the press, let me make that quite clear right now, but I doubt this is anything that any of you will want to talk about, so I thought we could just keep it between us. First of all has anyone left since you arrived, are we missing anybody? Good that makes my job a whole lot easier. My name is Doctor Riley Westfield, and I'm sorry to say that some journalists eager to catch a scoop on this story made use of the crime scene for their own purposes before the site was contained. The morality and legality of such a thing not withstanding, and something I personally couldn't care less about, we have reason to believe that this may have been a biological terrorist attack. Therefore these people have not only exposed themselves to the same deadly mutated pathogens which claimed the lives of the victims, but since you are all standing in a group, they could still be passing it on to the rest of you as we speak. Everyone present has to be placed under a mandatory quarantine for the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours depending on what we find, and we will be running tests to make sure you are alright and not carriers. Your equipment will be taken and cleaned and returned to you as soon as possible. We also discovered high concentrations of radiation but not yet the source, so this place might have been used as an illegal dumping ground for nuclear waste, we don't know yet but will keep you informed, so please tell someone immediately if you begin to experience signs of nausea, headache, or skin irritation. If you would please leave your equipment here with Doctor Rumstead and then follow my associate Dr. Hamish, we will get everybody situated and comfortable as soon as possible."
A chill ran through John's back. He'd always known Moriarty could be dangerous, but that look... It was downright terrifying. “A-and what does that mean exactly?”
Sherlock's cheek had struck against the edge of a mug in John's careless haste to push him over the table. Sherlock hadn't been fully able to brace or protect himself at first because John had wrenched his arm up behind his back before he did it. There is a deep crescent-shaped mark on Sherlock's cheek, it will bruise, John can tell already. A mark that can't be hidden, or covered up so that no one will notice, a reminder of the beast that John can't deny or forget about when Sherlock is completely covered in several layers of clothing even in the heat of summer. John feels sick.
Butternut squash soup- Roasted butternut squash blended with fresh cream, butter, and seasoned with saffron, cumin, and white pepper.
How could anyone be so blind? John under no circumstances had any love of having power over another, if anything he was selflessly noble and protective to a fault. John had seen Sherlock at his worst and also at his weakest and had never done anything to revel in it, or even come close to taking advantage of the situation. They were all moronic idiots not even worthy of breathing the air on the same PLANET as John. He wondered if there was a way to make stupidity a painfully fatal disease. He was sure he could figure it out, now that he had sufficient motivation.
"Well you should be! There is something dark and vicious inside of me Sherlock, something that is threatening to destroy everything I want to protect and am charged with to keep safe. I know how to save you from almost everything else, but I don't know how to protect you from myself! I can't leave you, I can't.  I'm not strong enough. I've had to be near you since the day I met you because you have become as necessary as AIR to me Sherlock, and I can't just choose to stop breathing. You have to be the one to end it, because I never will, I could never do that. I don't know how to protect you from that dark thing inside of me, I don't know how to get rid of it, I can't figure out how to stop it, I don't even know why it's
He walked the perimeter one last time before turning out the rest of the downstairs lights, and moved the floating shelves near the pantry that hid the entrance to the office and the staircase to his own quarters which was behind another door on the far side. There were actually three safes, the first a tall slender black and red one with a combination lock standing in plain sight and bolted firmly into the foundation. It was where he kept the register drawer, some daily change, ledger, weekly paperwork and receipts, and had a strong box at the bottom for deposits, and that's where everyone thought he kept the money until it made it to the bank, he'd even make mid day deposits in there because it was a good place to keep extra cash and large bills until closing time. The second safe he'd had professionally installed in the wall, off to the side of the desk behind a modest picture of a beautiful beach view at sunset. That's where he actually kept the deposits, weekly change, Sherlock's over payments, and the chequebook. He put the money Sherlock and Lestrade had given him into it and then gradually made his way up the stairs to his flat.
Sherlock is led, gently and without rush, back to his bedroom. John lays him out on the bed like a priceless treasure and feathers kisses all along his forehead and face, and Sherlock wastes no time in unbuttoning his shirt so he can be touched more. Fingers and lips, both incredibly tender and worshipful, travel over every new expanse of flesh revealed. If he could melt, Sherlock knows he'd be doing it now. He's held close and wrapped up in all of John's attention and affection and... and he just wants more of it, all of it, he never wants it to stop, because this, this is a fix that won't kill him, or run out, or leave him a twitching mess wracked in the pains of withdrawal. This is a drug that makes him more, makes him better, makes him strive to try, to want to be something even better than what he is, to become someone who glows just as brightly as John glows. Sherlock has always been an addict, and John is a drug he refuses to fight. The man gives him a high that nothing else compares to, and he's never going to let it go.
"Good, because I despise pointless excuses and people too pathetic to take responsibility for their own actions."
When John's entire focus is on him, it becomes his drug, and he can't ever get enough of John. He knows he can't, and he doesn't want to. Maybe this is love, maybe this is the madness that poets and lovers have written about for millenia that he always used to scoff at. If it is, then he's okay with it, he understands, he finally knows WHY it can drive people mad, or sane, or both at the same time and they accept it. He wouldn't mind it either if it means he gets to keep this.
So I had an Anon review last time that said the chapter was rushed and sloppy, and they would rather I take my time with my writing and that they were willing to wait a month for a good post instead of a weekend for a bad one. It also included a thinly veiled threat of  "I'll keep reading, but don't disappoint me" at the end, which I find highly amusing all on its own since I have never once written with the audience in mind, nor do I ever intend to.
Things finally clicked back into their proper order. John was alive and fine, Mycroft would soon be punched, and the game was definitely on. Very well then. He placed a quick delivery order for copious amounts of Chinese food which would provide him with leftovers for days. He was determined to eat every last bite of it if it would appease John. He owed him that much for what he'd put him through. He left the money with Mrs. Hudson, and asked her to bring it up when it arrived, then dumped the pot of cold tea that he couldn't bring himself to drink, and instead set about making coffee. He knew sleep would be a long way off if he did manage it tonight, but he had ignored his body for over 24 hours and it was beginning to show, so he prepared a small IV bag of his thinking solution of a range of B's, D, K, and E vitamins, added some Zinc, Calcium, Potassium, Magnesium, a little Iron, beta carotene, lutein, and some taurine, which he attached to a saline drip, then attached the IV lines to his inner bicep where it would mostly be out of the way and set the drip on low then popped a few ginkgo biloba, St. John's wort, echinacea, spirulina, chlorella, and fish oil capsules. There, now John couldn't say he wasn't taking care of himself. He set up the portable IV pole and got to work.
Sherlock stood staring at him wide-eyed for a split second and then Sherlock's hands were gripping his hair and Sherlock's lips were on his own, rough, and fierce, and demanding, and part of John wanted to cry. He had absolutely no right to love this man as much as he did.
Their breakfasts arrived and they ordered their hot boxed lunches. Chicken tikki masala with saffron rice, vegetable soup, hummus and pita, side salad, and strawberries with yogurt for her, and the beef stroganoff on egg noodles, lentil soup, steamed veg, side salad, bread, and fruit cup for himself. Both came with a packet of tea large enough to brew a single pot, a large fresh baked biscuit and scone, and a bottle of either juice, regular water, or flavored vitamin water. All of John's meals were like that, delicious, balanced, healthy, and fresh, and going just a bit beyond what was expected. He also catered to almost every palate or dietary need or restriction. Kosher, vegetarian, gluten free, low fat or sodium, everything had a place on the menu or could easily be substituted, and he clearly listed any foods with common allergen items on the menu. It was evident that John took great pride and care in his work, Mycroft knew it was proof that he would have been just as great of a doctor as well.
"Alright, I know you are hurting bad so we are putting you on the good stuff. This is Fentanyl, it's much stronger than morphine and it should keep you nice and comfortable. I'm going to give you a one hundred microgram injection to your central line in just a moment that will probably knock you out pretty quickly and you will be getting regular doses for the next few days. I am attaching this button within distance of your thumb. If you have pain, press it and it will automatically dispense ten micrograms into your central line, and you can have a dose every fifteen minutes. If that's not enough use this button in your other hand to call the nurse and she already has my approval to increase as necessary. Don't try to be a hero, you've already done that and now your body needs to recover. The best way for it to do that is for it to do as little as possible, and that includes communicating with itself that you are hurt. All your medications and nutritional needs as well as any blood that needs to be drawn can be handled through your central line. You can also call the nurse for mouth swabs and small amounts of ice chips, but I'm afraid you won't be eating anything for a while. Though with hospital food I doubt you will really be missing much. Do you have any questions?"
Lestrade gave a fond chuckle and shake of his head, and Sherlock glanced at John as if perhaps he had lost his mind.
WARNING: Possible squick. This chapter contains realistic gore and graphic descriptions of injuries acquired through torture. Also medical stuff just in case people have a trigger or phobia. The section WILL be appropriately marked!
"What else would you call it Sherlock? I may not have hit you with that mug, but it's still my fault you got that bruise and the ones that are hiding under your clothes, and all the others I've given you before! That's what intentionally hurting another person repeatedly is called, Sherlock, it's called abuse. So I'm not going to call them a liar when someone calls me on it! "
"Well I see where Sherlock gets that ethereal quality from, your family didn't dabble in gene splicing and human cloning did they?"
"It's called rough sex Anderson, you should try it sometime, it's highly liberating. I fought the handcuffs and clipped my own cheek with them, end of story."
'Robert Fletcher' apparently wanted to live as much as everyone else wanted him to. He was stable enough for transport within thirty minutes and the chopper flew as fast as it could to Broomfield. Mark was waiting with a full team and even some of the most hardened nurses were looking rather green around the gills once they saw the extent of his injuries. John and Mark worked for twenty hours, with an assisting staff of ten and only taking two breaks a piece. It reminded him of the war, ignoring his own body in favor of saving the life before him.
“Shhhh, it’s alright. You’re alright Sherlock. It feels good, doesn’t it? I think I’ve figured out what it is you like so much about this. I can read you like a book right now. It’s not just the intimacy or the attention, it’s the proof of what I feel for you laid out in a way that usually isn’t seen. You’ve always liked it when I get protective, or charge after where you lead, or tell you how brilliant you are, but this, it’s a whole different level isn’t it? You don’t have to be brilliant, or clever, or have an exciting mystery to solve to keep my attention. You just have to lay there quietly, not needing to do anything more than accept what I’m doing, and I’ll just take my time, letting my eyes and fingers and lips linger on you for as long as I can. What you enjoy is being cherished and taken care of by someone you love so much. Right, Sherlock?”
"Apparently I AM, Sherlock, even if I never meant to be and I don't know why I am. But I don't run away from my mistakes, and what I did yesterday definitely counts as me making a terrible mistake. I hurt you, and it isn't the first time I've done it. Believe it or not Anderson was trying to do you a favor, wake you up to reality, and part of me is praying that you will actually listen to him and throw me out."
If you truly don't like my story I am not going to force you to read it, or beg you to stay, or change the story to suit your tastes. It's MY story and I am going to write it how I choose. There are a million other fics out there for you to read, go find one you like better and good reading to you. That is all.
That had filled Sherlock with a mix of emotions he couldn't describe at the time, because emotions weren't his thing, they weren't his area, pheromones and chemicals tricking the brain into specific responses was easy enough, but the delicate dance of them; relief, desire, lust, need, reciprocation, love... it was more than he was used to, in fact it was completely overwhelming. Could he really be blamed for giving into sentiment that one time and just acting on his base instinct, his reptilian brain if such things could be believed, and claiming what he wanted, and had been so freely given?
"Because that man just refuses to be a statistic. Even though all the signs point to it, unless he's missing the lower half of his body there is still a chance that medicine will be proven wrong and he will find a way to walk under his own power again. Even if it seems hopeless at the time, sometimes the nerves can eventually repair themselves, and I don't take that hope away from people unless I have no other choice. Call it an optimistic view if you like, but telling them they might recover if they just keep fighting does them a lot more good than convincing them that they won't. It makes them strive harder rather than just giving up. It takes twice as long to un-train a bad habit as it does to just start off with a good one. The human body has a remarkable ability to heal, and the human mind an unfathomable ability to overcome, and our treatments are constantly evolving. I know what determined people can do Mycroft, and if they keep that hope and will to succeed going, there is a million ways they continually love to prove medicine and pessimistic doctors wrong. Besides, his right foot twitched, and he didn't know it wasn't supposed to."
"I'm fine Love, though one or both of us owes your brother a punch in the face for busting into the flat and pointing guns at us, so don't be too cross with me if I get to him first if the opportunity presents itself alright? I miss you too, and my old surgery partner wants to meet you, he's somehow gotten the misguided notion into his head that I am a loose and wild living man and therefore believes you must be something quite extraordinary, which you are of course, if you've managed to tame me and keep me monogamous."
“Yes, well awhile ago your brother thought he intentionally exposed me to a psychotropic drug that affected the primal fear centers of the brain, then locked me in a lab and proceeded to do everything in his power to scare me to death all while he watched me on camera. The thing is I actually
"That's what intentionally hurting another person repeatedly is called, Sherlock, it's called abuse."
When Sherlock was seven, he had questioned with complete seriousness, why their mother was crying, after he had gone after a bird's nest in the dead of winter, and had taken a rather nasty spill from a tree overlooking the pond and fallen through the ice when the branch had broken. Sherlock had come out of it with a broken leg, a broken arm, a cracked skull, and hypothermia, he had been lucky the gardener had seen it happen and was able to pull him out in time.
Sherlock bows his head when he feels John's lips press between his shoulder blades in a tender kiss. If people really could 'kiss it all better' Sherlock wouldn't have a mark left on him anywhere the second John's lips pulled away. The marks he can still easily see on his wrists however attest to this not being the case. This is when Sherlock feels a lump in his throat, and a burning sensation behind his eyes, but he doesn't cry, he absolutely refuses to. That would destroy John for good.
The homeless began shuffling in, nearly all of them men, Sherlock of course observed that they were all former military because they all had a certain look to them. They got some food and hot tea or coffee, then sat down to eat, a few eyed the little door that John had gone into, as though working up the courage to go in. The tenth ones to come in was an older man carrying a much younger girl, probably about five to seven, and she was sobbing. The man looked scared to even be inside and kept looking around nervously. The staff ushered them straight into John's office, the female waitress turned assistant following close behind. The man began shouting once the door was closed, but there was no harsh reply. Lestrade was getting worried once silence fell in the office, but the female assistant emerged a few minutes later, carrying the girl in her arms wrapped in a blanket, along with a file of paperwork and talking on her cell phone rapidly as she dashed out the door to hail a cab. John came out with the man, who was the one crying this time. John set him in a chair and set the soup and coffee and bread in front of him.
Sherlock emerged with a pile of clothes in his arm, and made his own visit to the bathroom. He returned a few minutes later with his hair combed, and wearing a white shirt and a dark suit that made him look even slimmer than he usually did. John could never figure it out, but something about the cut also made him look more intelligent somehow. It was actually one of John's favorite suits on Sherlock, and even though he had never said a word about it to the man, he had a feeling that Sherlock most likely knew anyway.
"I actually don't have a favorite Cocoffee flavor, I love them all, but it seemed to me that you would enjoy that one the most. I'm glad you like it."
"Ah, yeah, that'll do it. Never was much of a fan of classical either, but my lover plays the violin, and made me a fan of at least that. He's really good at it, even composes his own songs. He doesn't think I've caught on to the fact that he plays right after I've found out he's stuck eyeballs in the olive jar again or has stashed another bag of thumbs or a head in the fridge. Last week it was some poor bloke's pelvis in the crisper, not the whole torso mind you, just the pelvis, and I winced in sympathy for the poor bugger. Skin and muscle still on and his bits and family jewels stuffed with wires and electrodes, sitting not three inches away from the celery. God only knows what he was up to with it, and is it sad to know I've gotten used to this sort of thing? I admit most of that posh culture stuff is able to bore me to tears, but him playing the violin, I like it, and it's something he doesn't do much for other people, so I kind of get to keep it all to myself. Though I'm seriously still debating on investing in a second fridge, the electric bill has to be worth the sanitation and health concerns I'd think."
Up his neck, over his face, across his chest and then down his back, once with the soapy water, then the sponge without it, a light patting dry, and John’s lips following tenderly afterwards, gently, worshipfully kissing Sherlock's skin. Nothing rough or harsh was present in a single touch. Sherlock could hardly breathe, he had no idea how to even
Seeing straight through Sherlock, and to find him as fragile as a butterfly's wing or a snowflake, where to even touch it would destroy it, yet Sherlock's eyes telling him he could, if he wanted to, is a power John really doesn't want to possess. Especially not with the dark beast lingering somewhere nearby, because it would absolutely destroy this, ruin Sherlock and therefore John forever. No, John could never claim the fragile vulnerability Sherlock shows him.
"Major John H. Watson MD, Retired combat surgeon, personal bodyguard of Holmes the younger and apparent on call lackey for Holmes the elder."
"Oxygen yes he's already on it, yes common vitamins and minerals, as well as antibiotics, a full spectrum of inoculations and immunizations, steroids, some sodium pentothal, and phenobarbital. No on blood or plasma, but we have IV's, tubes, bags, and a centrifuge."
They were led inside and Donovan as always, was guarding the tape, having been pulled from yet another tryst with Anderson. He couldn't fathom what she saw in the brainless moron. He pasted on the smile that always raised her hackles and walked straight towards her instead of further down closer to the crime scene. "Good Morning Sally, lovely day for a mass murder isn't it? Hope that three AM call didn't interrupt anything torrid."
you think you were a threat to me. You could no sooner hurt me of your own free will than you could intentionally kill a kitten with your bare hands. Any time you have ever directly laid a hand on me it was due to the fact I directly provoked you into taking that specific action, otherwise it is completely beyond your comprehension to harm me in any way. I first realized it when we were dealing with Irene Adler and I asked you to hit me. You couldn't even imagine doing it until I overrode your higher thought processes in order to get the reaction I wanted. I practiced with it, experimented on you until I knew exactly how to provoke any reaction out of you that I wanted.”
Turkey salad- Tender brined turkey breast over romaine and red lettuce with cranberries and roasted walnuts, and served with a Dijon mustard dressing.
He knew them all, and employed most of them. Sherlock would have known exactly where they were just by turns and how long it would take them to get to each, but he couldn't do that. Eventually the van stopped and James shook his shoulder to wake him up, he popped one of the mints into his mouth that James had given him before Steve put a black cloth sack over his head. He tried to take his blanket with him but they made him leave it at the door they led him into, John knew it would most likely be back at home when he returned. He was ushered into a small room and through the little he could make out between the weave of the fabric, he was facing a one way mirror that reminded him of every single cop interrogation scene on telly he'd ever seen, but it wasn't near as funny when you had the sack over your head, were handcuffed to the chair, and had Steve the tank behind you.
"No, you don't have to go anywhere. I'm not afraid of you." His companion says gently, and while the words warm his heart, they also sink like a stone in his gut, because it means Sherlock still won't fight this, won't fight him even though he should, and that kills him. Because John knows he's not strong enough to walk away, even though he knows he should, that the best way to protect Sherlock right now is to stay as far away as he can get, but he can't. He has been inextricably trapped in the web known as Sherlock Holmes since day one, and he can no more fight that fact than he can fight against gravity. Unless Sherlock cuts him free, he's stuck.
"Well Lestrade certainly 'as 'is knickers in a twist, you should have seen 'im snapping orders, practically threw me keys at me 'ead when 'e told me to come and fetch you with lights on and not stop unless I didn't want me job anymore! Wouldn't 'appen to know what's gotten 'im so worked up would you? 'is face was plumb purple, and that's not like 'im a 'tall." Harcourt said, making eye contact through the rearview mirror.
Mycroft sat in his office, having just gotten off the phone with his eldest brother, telling him they would be arriving in the next day or two and explaining the full situation to him. He was convinced more than ever that crossing John's string with Sherringford's could only calm things down and take a lot of the bite out of the eventual understanding of what had occurred. Sherringford would be an invaluable asset in this situation, he was the epitome of subtle strength and strong protection, proficient in the areas Mycroft was not, and he could handle emotional things far more delicately than Mycroft could.
It was special forces they sent in after him though, and thank goodness for that. Because once the police had Devin cornered, he had sprayed hydrochloric acid at the officers from a large air pressurized ‘super soaker’ style water gun, which had burned several officers severely. As they were dealing with that he had then thrown down several dozen water balloons which were filled with either bleach or ammonia, forming deadly chloramine gas as they broke and combined with each other. That allowed him time to give himself a huge overdose cocktail of insulin and morphine before they could reach him and bring him into custody. Several officers were still in hospital with severe acid burns and toxic gas inhalation, one was blinded for life. Lestrade and his team were thankfully not involved.
Also, when I mention football in this chapter, please note that I mean what the rest of the world calls football, and what we Americans call soccer. America why do you insist on doing things differently just so you can seem different? It only confuses those of us who live here when we have to go other places. Gah this is like that metric system thing, I'm never going to get it. Reply to comments at the end.
No abuser in the world would pass up that kind of opportunity, and it's just further proof of his belief in John when the Brave Doctor just holds him, cards his fingers through his hair, and doesn't speak, merely places a few kisses against his hair. John says nothing, does nothing, until Sherlock is in control of himself once more. That's the best part, when he knows utterly and without the slightest doubt, that John cares for him exactly as he is, and that even when given the power to do so, there is nothing he would truly change about Sherlock. There is no force on earth strong enough to make him give this up.
Sorry for the wait, but house wide stomach flus are not conducive to writing. thank you for being patient.
"I don't get it either. The location isn't hidden, The sign is visible and welcoming, it's near a main thoroughfare, and only a block away from the tube station. I wonder how he advertises. Have you told the people at the Yard? People are far more likely to go to a place a friend has suggested or rates highly, than one recommended by a stranger."
"She needed surgery, probably appendicitis from how she was holding her stomach and her age. Child Services would have forcibly taken her away after the surgery once they found out she was living on the streets with her homeless guardian, probably permanently. John got him to sign over emergency temporary custody so they wouldn't be slowed down with paperwork on the hospital's end and possibly reduce her chances of survival. John or his assistant is probably also a notary. Closest hospital is only six blocks away, they should definitely get to her in time." He said quietly for Lestrade's benefit.
Sherlock immediately grabbed for something under the seat and handed two rolls of thick black fabric to John, before adhering his own edge to some velcro on the roof of the vehicle John hadn't even noticed, and letting the curtain roll down to cover the window, then continuing with the rear window. John followed suit and covered his own window and the partition between the front and back seats. they were in a dark cocoon, but a multitude of flash bulbs still tried to make their way through. John took hold of Sherlock's hand, just because he knew how much the excessive press bothered him. It was extremely hard to be any kind of detective if everyone knew who you were.
"I am type A Positive Sir" said a petite brunette with green eyes, one of the few people he hadn't given orders to yet.
"Gossip and sensationalism Sherlock, the press and public are addicted to it and you tend to amply provide them with both. Talking about it only makes it last longer, even if it's just to deny it."
Nathan Cornwall's crime scene pictures were up and the added puzzle piece finally clicked. A twenty-four year old military man obviously just back on leave, having been on three tours in the middle east, was wearing a polo with the Oxford University logo on it.
"I'll have the chefs make a nice selection then, I get bored with just one thing, variety is the spice of life."
He swirled his brandy in his glass before taking a sip. This one would be a tricky string to maneuver and weave through. John was a study in dichotomy, both tough and delicate, fiercely courageous yet easily injured, a person of deep feelings yet ruthless resolve, a trained healer with very few qualms about killing, a beloved victim of his brother's misguidance. Such a pity that, he liked John.
Awhile later an incoming message chimed letting them know that the escort had arrived with John. He finished the last swallow of his brandy, stood up and straightened his suit, picked up the file from the woman by the door and walked out of the room.
They watched as John wheeled out a tea trolley with all of the ingredients and two large mugs a few minutes later. He measured out a double shot of fresh espresso into each mug, added a shot and a half of Bailies to one and powdered butter toffee to the other, and then filled the mugs with the thickest hot chocolate Sherlock had ever seen. The mugs were topped with marshmallow fluff, the spoons were dipped into a small fondue pot of warm dark chocolate ganache then drizzled over top and added to the mugs. The tops were dusted with cocoa powder for his, and more crushed toffee for Lestrade's, and finally a crunchy chocolate chip biscuit was set into the marshmallow fluff and the drinks were set before them. He hadn't even tasted it yet and Sherlock already knew he was going to love it. He wasn't disappointed. The flavors blended wonderfully, a fantastic hot chocolate and marshmallow taste with that rich underlying flavor of well brewed coffee, and the Irish cream added just enough of a kick without being overpowering. There was even a hint of butter flavor coming from somewhere. By the way Lestrade seemed to be trying to maintain his composure and not propose immediately to either John or his drink, he concluded the Detective Inspector was enjoying his drink just as much.
"Wonderful to meet you, we were getting pretty desperate. This way. I'm afraid you'll find the entire government and armed forces of the United Kingdom is Mycroft Holmes' on call lackey. Six months ago I was a Lieutenant Colonel and team medic in the middle of the biggest firefight of my career on my third deployment to Afghanistan when two unmarked Apaches come out of nowhere and rained a barrage so heavy against the opposition that it was over in under fifteen seconds. They landed, one with immediate supplies and transport for my unit, the other with a woman who didn't even have a vest on and looked like she had just left a London office simply to take her lunch in the middle of a war zone that day. She just stood there completely nonplussed in the sands of Helmand in a pencil skirt and heels, texting on a blackberry, and informing me that I had just been reassigned. I thought I was dreaming until I found myself in Kabul boarding a private jet that made a non-stop flight back to London where a helicopter picked me up and brought me here. Weird has been par for the course ever since."
"Yes, of course you have, 'The only one who would notice or care if you disappeared', 'makes a fine cup of tea', 'Enjoys the violin,' 'nerves of steel', 'valuable informant on a number of subjects I have long since deleted', and dozens of others. Considering how you usually describe people as nothing more than 'boring', 'tedious', 'obvious', and 'predictable', that is high praise indeed."
No. Anderson didn't want to believe it. He LIKED John, the man had a noble streak a mile wide and was so damned kind and helpful, and he managed to rein in Sherlock...
"Even the invisible need medical attention, Lestrade, most times they need it worse than the visible ones, only many times by the time they really need it, they can't even ask anymore. He's made it so they don't have to. His hands may not be able to hold a scalpel anymore, but he's no less a doctor. He probably couldn't find hospital work that would take him on once he got back from Afghanistan, not with his leg and shoulder and PTSD, and he's severely overqualified for locum work, so they wouldn't want to hire him because it would make them feel inferior, or maybe they didn't have the budget to pay him enough. But he still wants to help people, so he helps whoever wants him to."
They stayed in a nearby hotel for several days, John taking in the sights, spending time with his friend and keeping a close watch on his patient, and Mycroft manipulating all of the strings he needed to in order to get what he could rolling without knowing the exact specifics. Everything was poised to strike, all he needed now was to know where to aim. As such it was a great relief when after the fourth day John informed him that their patient was out of the immediate danger zone, breathing fully on his own, and could be weaned off of the barbiturates that had been keeping him under. By day six he was off of them, and merely unconscious. The only thing left to determine was if his mind was still whole. They temporarily removed him from all painkillers so that he would wake up and they could determine his condition.
The chip had just been the proof that would hold up in court, including files, photos, audio and documents. This agent however had crucial information on their movements and whereabouts, hideouts, and weapons caches, as well as their base of operations. Losing him would set them back at least six months to a year in containing this situation and two years in neutralizing it. If he pulled through, and against all odds, recovered, John will have been personally responsible for having prevented a war, and taken major steps in helping them stop Moriarty. Mycroft would personally arrange for each of them to have an all expense paid vacation. He had already made a very generous contribution to the hospital as thanks for being so accommodating on such short notice, and his assistant was arranging thank you gifts for the nurses and techs.
“It is, and having grown up here myself, I can tell you it is a very good world, good for the soul, and good for healing the heart. I wish I had known you a little better before trying to talk to you about this, I have to admit it's quite awkward.”
But the posh git had actually slugged him instead of having Steve bust his skull open. That was personal, Mycroft was pissed as hell if he was willing to get his hands dirty.
John sighed, Mycroft still had him on a total communications lockdown aside from that one phone call he'd allowed. John honestly wondered if it was more to punish John himself, or to torment Sherlock for some unknown petty reason. Neither answer would surprise him, but he hoped Sherlock was doing alright.
Tea was a quiet affair, filled with small talk, and John marveling over the Garden Room, a huge three story glass greenhouse built on its own half of an acre, filled with flowering vines, climbing roses, and about a hundred different varieties of trees and flowers. There was a cluster of flowering fruit trees on a small hill in the middle of the space, a man made water feature that very gently ran water over flat stones to leave the current calm enough that the butterflies wouldn’t be harmed by it. It eventually flowed to fill a pond on the south side that narrowed into a small 'stream' winding through the place, watering all the plants. There were koi in the water, and John was given a small bucket and a scoop to toss pellets of food to them. It was Mrs. Holmes’ favorite place, and also where she kept her more endangered butterflies so they could fly, live, and breed peacefully. Four-hundred butterflies flitted merrily through the place, sipping nectar, tending the flowers, and making one feel as if perhaps they had suddenly found themselves in an enchanted world. There were also several hummingbird feeders set up, one very close to their table, and John got to enjoy tea while the little living jewels flitted by. He learned that she was a licensed butterfly conservationist, breeding, raising, protecting, and sometimes even releasing over eighty living species of butterfly back into their natural or reclaimed habitats, many of them endangered, a few of them even on the brink of extinction. She was quite passionate about the issue and was raising her grandson Tosland to follow in her footsteps.
He smiles a bit at the sight of food, but that doesn't stop the wince when he sits down on the hard bar stool. Dinner is eaten in silence, it's always quiet for about the first twelve hours after one of these 'episodes'. John doesn't know what to say, and Sherlock doesn't want to talk. He has three cups of tea, knowing full well it will make him have a hard time sleeping tonight, in fact he's counting on it. John does the dishes without preamble, more to give himself something to do than anything else.
And suddenly everything added up. The kidnapper had panicked, unused to such dreadful business as murder, he'd been unable to go through with his threat and finish the job, so she had been held alive for months so he could try to think of what to do, and she was just never reported missing. She had no relations to speak of, no close friends either, had worked from home, so no one to notice she had gone. Eventually she grew so sick that he killed her, he couldn't have taken her to a hospital, she would have talked, and besides the one bullet through her heart she had not otherwise been maltreated, so the kidnapper cared for her, but she couldn't be left alive, she could identify the one who had done it. That bullet was either to put her out of her misery or to cover their tracks when they couldn't make her give up the code to the safe, a code she had never known. She had not been kidnapped, beaten, and immediately killed last Saturday once the ransom wasn't delivered on time. The bereaved husband was lying! Sherlock had been so excited he had jumped up out of his seat and grabbed John by the shoulders "John you are brilliant! That solves the case! It's so obvious!"
There was small talk and reminisces of the good old med school days before they realized they didn't know everything. They talked shop, and about relationships, Mark had been divorced for five years, and had apparently been dating this spitfire of a redhead named Natalie for the last eighteen months who loved nothing more than showing him off like he was the prize stallion in the stable, even though she was fourteen years younger than him and a classy executive that made her minions cower in fearful respect everyday. She was currently in Germany on business.
Because he'd only been a child at the time, and his father's fists were nearly as big as his head, and fighting back only made it so much worse for his mum and his sister... But this was SHERLOCK, the man who lived to defy, and fight back, and prove everyone else wrong damn the consequences, the man who would argue with GOD because he felt he was beneath him, or wrong about something, and yet he hadn't fought John. And if someone who had proven time and again that he was so far above the rest of the mere mortals had fallen into the same damn trap, what hope did that leave for the rest of them? It made Anderson feel like a scared little kid all over again.
But Anderson wasn't afraid of Sherlock, not at all. "Your plasters came off with the mask, but it's too sore for you to notice them gone right? So what's the story, you tripped by the table, slipped in the shower and hit the soap dish, walked into a door, turned into the corner of an open cupboard? My mum had a mark just like that once from the edge of a ceramic vase, after my father hit her in the face with it. She told people it was the car door when she had bent down to fetch her dropped keys. So what's your excuse? I'm dying to know."
“The abduction was mostly to wake Sherlock up even more to the seriousness of consequences, because he doesn't think things through, and he's supposed to care about you more than anyone else. I needed to remind him that if he's careless, that it's not just himself he has to worry about anymore. If he takes those kind of risks and missteps, especially without informing you of what he's doing so you can accurately judge and prepare, then he could lose a lot more than himself, he could lose you due to his own foolishness and he'd only have himself to blame.”
But Sherlock just can't resist poking open wounds. Because he doesn't want to wait, he wants it now.
“That you ask me to help and people stop getting hurt, threatened, and run out of their happy little lives. Life goes back to normal, and most importantly, my favorite restaurant stays open.”
"Not likely, no. Small business owners rarely do, especially without enough staff to take over. Aside from the morning and evening chefs he only has three other workers, the blond girl on the weekday mornings, the Asian boy on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, then all day during the weekends, and the brunette man who comes in on random evenings. He'd need a staff of at least two more full time employees to cover every shift without him being present daily, and he doesn't make the kind of revenue to justify such an expense, therefore, no days off. He most likely takes half days or afternoons off a few times a week to run errands and such."
"Yes, shirts and trousers, aren't you listening? Many signs add up but others are off, and there's also a slight tang of fruit in the air don't you smell it? They must have been given a cocktail, it's the only possible explanation, and if it wasn't given intravenously or orally that leaves subcutaneous or muscular injections. Look for needle marks." He lifted up the first shirt and saw exactly what he expected to see. "John, if someone came to you complaining of desperate thirst, constant hunger, abdominal cramps, nausea, and dizziness, what would be your initial diagnosis before running any tests?"
"It's Larea today, nice to see you John. I would like the pick four fresh start breakfast, croissant un-toasted, with whipped butter and honey, a fruit and yogurt parfait with strawberry yogurt, soft boiled eggs, oatmeal with brown sugar and cinnamon, and to drink I will have an orange juice and a pot of English breakfast."
Sherlock applies the plaster, then swallows the tablets before applying the ointment and putting on briefs and pajamas, very much not in the mood to do anything the rest of the day that would require going out or interacting with other people. He curls into the covers and decides on a nap. It's an hour or two later when he wakes up, puts on his dressing gown and slippers, and emerges from his room in search of tea and whatever food he can smell cooking, only to find a guilty eyed John setting down a cup of tea just the way he likes it, and two plates of chicken, potatoes, and peas.
John scrolled through the contacts and punched the call button on the one listed as BO. Two rings later there was a click.
"It would be very hard not to like John," Lestrade agreed "he's sincere, kind, and has a soothing presence, makes you feel like nothing can hurt you while he's around, though I don't know why that is."
Since all of Sherlock's physical needs were covered, it was a complete shock to Mycroft when Sherlock had started making inquiries about a flatmate. He could only conclude that it was a new experiment on how quickly he could drive someone out of their heads, and after the first three had all left in under a month, Mycroft had then had an extremely good laugh hearing Sherlock talking to Mike Stamford and saying he didn't know what the problem was, he must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for.
I used to be picked on all the time for how much I had to eat to stay healthy, or even have people tell me 'Eating all the time and not gaining weight isn't a disease, it's a gift! I'd do anything to have it! I could eat anything I wanted without worry!'
"John Watson, do you prefer to be addressed as 'Captain' or 'Doctor', John? I'd like for you to meet Mrs. Martha Hudson. One of the finest women I have ever met."
John had been slamming Sherlock's hips into the harsh edge of the table without care, there was a red indented mark there that he sees before it's covered by fine tailored trousers.
Jim's smile was all teeth as he sat back and poured himself another cup of tea. “So Sebby, what do we know about the restaurant business?”
Kinkmeme fill. Sherlock provokes John into rough, angry sex, which John believes is at least borderline abusive, so that Sherlock can bask in the attentions of guilty!John.
“Not concern myself- Mycroft this is my business! Anything that happens within it is very much my concern!”
Fletcher's heart stopped four times in the early stages from shock and blood loss but they revived him each time and kept working. Dr. Greenburg, their miracle neurosurgeon, showed up during hour four and saw the full damage as they were trying to repair shredded intestines, a punctured liver, and removing the irreparable kidney, now that the patient was able to be placed supine thanks to Dr. Wheaton the orthopaedic surgeon and two members of his fellowship team having finished pulling out the nails in the shoulders, spine, sacrum and hips, and now beginning to work on the ones from the waist down.
"Alright. That's more than enough to go on. Agent Fletcher, I want to let you know that you have done us all proud. You protected the information. They never found the chip, and nothing you may have said under torture will aid them in any way. Agent Langley is already in place with a task force to take them into custody. They won't get away with it. If you want to watch or even give the order yourself I will arrange it personally. I don't abandon my agents, especially ones who have gone so far beyond what was asked and who have endured so much for Queen and country. If you want to take an early retirement you will be set for life, if you recover to the point you want to stay on you will have your choice of positions and still be set for life when you retire. You are also still on the clock even now, and your current orders are to heal. Rest, I will keep you updated."
The coffee was cold and the chow mein was starting to dry out when he returned, no closer to an answer that would satisfy him. The IV was long since done and he carefully removed the line and placed a plaster over the entry point. It was dawn, probably about five or six in the morning. At a dead end for the moment he put the Chinese away and decided to go to bed and keep his promise to John to get some sleep. He went to shut his laptop and stopped dead.
He doesn't even remember when it started happening, when things had... shifted so greatly. John had never thought he would be like this. He was a doctor for chrissakes he helps people, heals them, and yet somehow, he has no idea when, this great dark beast started rising up inside of him, a beast that willingly and intentionally hurts someone he cares about so deeply.
"Whatever you are referring to, or trying to think about in that infernal place you dare call a brain is entirely inaccurate, and you would do well to dismiss it before you hurt yourself."
convincing about it, you just might talk me out of hitting you again, but you had better be damn convincing.”
But you entered John's shop, and it suddenly didn't matter who you were, you were a welcomed friend. That rare feeling of absolutely no expectations except to sit, relax, and enjoy one's self, Mycroft admitted he rather craved the feeling. Therefore they stopped in every morning, even if all they had time for was grabbing to go cups of coffee and tea, and a bag of pastries, breakfast rolls, or sandwiches.
The other person that had caught his attention, Amanda Addlesby, was the one that had also caught Lestrade's. Not only had a twenty year old girl gone missing from Kensington without someone coming down to the Yard with a camera crew screaming bloody murder about it and waving hundreds of thousands of pounds as an incentive for her immediate safe return, but she was also younger than all of the others by at least four years, and was one of the most mutilated. That reeked of being singled out, of it being far more personal with her than any of the others. He needed to know more about her immediately, why was she the one that had caught the killer's interest or ire, who was she or did she remind him of? She may have been the intended target all along, after all the best place to hide a single body is in with a group of other bodies who were all killed in the exact same way.
“No, Mycroft would skin them alive if they hurt me, I'm actually surprised one of them knocked me out. You knicked his phone? I'm impressed. Where are you?”
It's no wonder he gets aroused, it's John, of course he does. And Sherlock guides John's hand down to palm him through his pajama bottoms. The man is hesitant for all of two seconds before he slips his hand inside and takes what Sherlock wants him to have. Neither of them even notice that the first sound Sherlock makes is actually one of pain from his bruised hips being touched. Warmth and strength and John are wrapped around him and yes it's so glorious, wonderful, perfect, there aren't enough adjectives in the world to describe it.
"Very much. Though I'm wondering where that hint of butter flavor is coming from, the marshmallow whip?"
Kissing John always flooded his brain with a slew of data that was familiar but somehow new every time. Taste, smell, touch, pressure, temperature, blushing, heat, lust, pheromones, teeth, tongue, saliva, JOHN. Sherlock craved that information, he could never get enough data. Nothing about John was ever going to be deleted from his hard drive, not ever. He was going to horde every single detail and fact he could get a hold of, because John was important, John was precious, John was everything. And now he had gone and mucked everything up with an experiment. Why were these unspoken rules so damned difficult to manage?
The ride lasted a good forty minutes at least and John never gave up the pretense of being anything other than asleep. Sherlock had taught him about a dozen little tricks to it: routinely make sure no part of your body is tense, take slow, deep breaths that you hold for about three seconds before exhaling, don't lay completely still but shift a bit every so often as if getting comfortable, if you are being moved and trying to gather information you can halfway open your eyes in a quick, fluttering eye movement for about a second or two after any kind of jostle, deep bump, or sharp turn.
Sherlock came over, rolling his eyes at Mycroft, and sat down at the table Sebastian, and therefore John, had claimed, which also happened to be where Jim was sitting. The little business man looked Sebastian over, checking his knuckles, and seeing if there were any stains or tears in his suit.
Sherlock probably knew exactly where they were when they arrived, but John had lost track some 20 minutes previous. Harcourt had turned off the lights a good 2 minutes before then, and sure enough, a large crowd of reporters was waiting at the barrier.
It took twenty-four hours total before the last of the eighteen hundred and thirty-two stitches was in. Fletcher was stable but would most likely never walk again, in fact he probably had no feeling at all from the chest down, maybe from below the navel if he was lucky. He'd be in traction for several weeks and had lost a kidney, five feet of intestines, a large chunk of his liver, his testicles, and half of his penis, But he was alive and breathing on his own, and neural scans showed that his brain was still functioning at a normal level. A full body CT showed that the data chip had survived against all odds and John extracted it himself from the medial bicep of the right arm. He handed it directly to Davis who had come along specifically for the retrieval process and was gone again just as quickly.
“That we weren't armed?” John murmured, thinking the same thing and realizing just how badly that could have turned out.
Sherringford took John on a tour of the house afterward. The main house they were in had over a hundred rooms not including servants quarters, which were in an outbuilding attached to the back of the house. There were four libraries and three ballrooms, including a grand ballroom, music room, conservatory, dens, and parlors, galleries and drawing rooms. He hadn't even been there a day and he already knew it would take months to explore everything here properly without even touching the smaller guest houses nearby or the chapel with housing for a priest or vicar attached as well as the family cemetery. If he was Sherlock, he would have LOVED growing up here. They walked out to a pond with a very large tree beside the water.
He took the photos of the scanned ID's and matched them with their crime scene photos and victim numbers, though only four victims had any background information so far, none of them the ones who had caught his attention, then collected the six people who were standing out to him.
"No I think they were all murdered slowly over a period of several days on a killer cocktail that kept them so confused, weak, and sick they couldn't fight back. Obviously these are all people without a hugely caring family since your office hasn't been flooded with twenty-five missing person's reports over the past week. I also think the murderer watched it from beginning to end and probably administered some if not all of the injections himself."
“Aside from the fact that isn't your fucking call to make, as well as none of your business, why did you leave me in the dark? Why did you nearly slit my throat when you knew the truth?”
"About an hour ago Sir. We called you the minute we got him back within communications range, but he's not doing well Sir, he's been severely tortured and dumped, so who knows what he may have said. We don't know yet if they managed to find the information, but we will soon."
"On the contrary, it is you who is coming here for a respite. I do believe I have mentioned the Holmes estate to you before, and since we were nearby, Mummy insisted on a visit. Her name is Violet Eloise Holmes, Marchioness of Essex, and the large man beside her is our eldest brother, Sherringford Holmes, Marquess of Essex. There is a bouquet of her favorite flowers in that box beside you that you can give to her. Welcome to Holmestead Groves Doctor Watson."
"Someone trying to do a Six Squad Sunday all on his own, but he has a real shot if I can get help. He's a D and T BO looking at a minimum twelve hours of Emergency Surgery, and my orders are to save him no matter what. I'll be there as soon as I can get this chest wound stable. And get the best neurological surgeon you can find, orthopaedic surgeon too if you can manage it, and bribe them with whatever you have to in order to get them in that room as fast as possible, and I do mean ANYTHING. The window is small and we need all the miracle working help we can get."
Near the end of second form, the girl he’d had a crush on rejected him, she hadn't even been cruel about it, but that hadn't mattered to Devin. It seemed to be the last straw for him and the start of him getting extremely angry at the world and starting his murderous ways. He relentlessly stalked and killed each of the bullies, killing them with his insulin, so they would have a small taste of what it felt like for him. But they all just looked like accidental deaths. He had apparently enjoyed the feeling of power it gave him and from there on he branched out to anyone he had held a grudge against. His parents, his family, his teachers, his coworkers, his bosses, his therapists. After they were gone he had picked new victims that reminded him of them and he’d killed versions of them several times over, a few, like his bullies, as many as ten times.
The way back was tense, near volatile, and somehow, scared? Sherlock was an absolute mix of such conflicting emotions that John truly couldn't say anything. And while John wanted to ask, since he was a huge believer in not beating around the bush or saying one thing and meaning another, he also did not want to have this discussion with Harcourt playing witness to what John could tell was going to probably be an amazing row. By the time they got to Baker street John was praying for Mrs. Hudson and all of the neighbors to not be at home.
He called Lestrade, who directed the police cars to his and then Moran's location. Moran was just sitting smugly on the small of the back of the one he'd pinned face down on the grass in a nearby park, idly picking dirt out from under his nails until the cops showed up, and looking like a guard dog who had neutralized the intruder by simply squashing him into the ground, and was just waiting to be praised and patted on the head for a job well done.
A guard stood at the door where John was waiting and he stepped aside to let Mycroft in. John was sitting in the chair at the table and Mycroft nodded to the guard behind him. The man stepped forward and ripped the black cloth hood off John's head and before the doctor could get any of his bearings back, for the first time in his life, Mycroft got his hands dirty as he lashed out and punched John across the face with his fist as hard as he could. It hurt just as much as he thought it would, but he didn't let it show.
"I don't suppose any of you could tell me if he's just in THAT much of a hurry or THAT inordinately pissed could you? ... Guess not. Chances are you probably don't even know who the hell I'm talking about. Okay, I know none of you are going to tell me your names, so I'll just call you Mike, James, Peter, Will, Tom, and Steve okay? I'm John. And if anyone has a mint or a stick of gum they are willing to share before I have to talk to a man who may or may not be in the mood to level a few nations before dinner, and definitely has the capabilities to do so, I would really appreciate it. Mike? Peter? Steve? Ah thank you James. I got into the habit back in Afghanistan, they couldn't keep our unit supplied with enough soap or bandages for me to keep our boys patched up, but there was always a case of friggin mints and gum in every shipment. But I suppose an addiction to mint is far healthier than cigarettes in the long run anyway. Here you go- really? Cheers mate."
"Great." he said and wrapped the blanket around himself again. "Well, in that case I'm just going to continue my little kip. You learn to rest when you can when you live and work with these mad geniuses, they tend to run on caffeine, nicotine patches, sleep deprivation, and sheer bloody-mindedness for days and weeks at a time. I'm sure you'll wake me when we get there. Ta."
John never stops until this proud, cold, brilliant man is impaled on his shaft, writhing and whimpering as John slams his hips home and bites harshly into the junction of his shoulder or arm, anything he can reach, hard enough to taste blood. He doesn't stop until he knows that Sherlock has been made to feel it, him, something, anything... until Sherlock screams. That's when he cums. He ALWAYS cums when Sherlock screams like that, when his body is covered in marks, his wrists or hips or throat bruised from John gripping them, clothes disheveled or ripped and still uselessly clinging to those impossibly long limbs, and his eyes, if he can see them, filled with pain. Gods what kind of monster is he?
The tongue in John's mouth was sudden and possessive, and he had no choice but utter submission. He didn't even remember getting up the stairs, let alone pulling his jumper over his head, but he was definitely in their own flat and fully naked when he and Sherlock tumbled to the floor of the living room rutting against each other with such NEED that John could hardly stand it. He had no idea where Sherlock had found one of the full bottles of lube, but he didn't care as he held his legs wide open as Sherlock quickly slicked them both up and slid home, and John felt him so deep inside it was too much and yet never enough all at the same time, and even though it ached, he wanted more. Their pace was fast and hard and John didn't even notice he had been sobbing for a reason he couldn't have even named until he felt Sherlock wiping away the tears and carding his fingers through his hair and telling him it would be alright, even as he continued thrusting deep inside of John's body.
“See that broken part there in the tree? There used to be a branch that hung out over the water, Sherlock climbed all the way out there once when he was little, alone, after dark, in the middle of winter of course, and the branch broke and he fell through the thin ice. He nearly died, would have if a grounds keeper hadn't been passing by and seen it and managed to pull him out. We might not have found his body until spring, that night was well below freezing and it had started snowing heavily. We would have never even known where to look once the hole froze back over, because no one had known where he'd gone. As you can imagine our mother was beside herself when he was brought back badly hurt and hypothermic, and Sherlock couldn't understand why she was upset and crying, because she wasn't the one with the broken bones.”
The cuffs around his wrists were released and John hesitantly rubbed the circulation back into his hands, Steve wasn't the most careful person with handcuffs.
Evidence was the most important thing. People could say anything, but it was the PROOF people actually needed in order to see who was telling the truth.
Sherlock is quiet and doesn't make eye contact as he pushes himself up after John has backed away and begins to straighten his clothes as best he can.
John could only blush, but before he could answer the ringer buzzed. He had never been so glad to hear the bell in his life. An officer they had briefly met only a few times whose name he didn't quite remember, Harris or Hartford or something like that, stood waiting to escort them to the crime scene. Sherlock was less than thrilled to ride in a police car, but was less vocal about it since John was sitting in the back with him, and (Harcourt!) turned on the lights and sped them through the streets of London.
Seafood sampler. Why try and decide between your favorites? Choose any three to five smaller portioned classics as your starter: fried clams, calamari, scallops, crab cake, shrimp cocktail, oysters on the half shell, steamed mussels, or seafood chowder. You can include a fillet of baked or fried Dover sole for an additional charge.
The first time, Sherlock had stopped in completely by happenstance in order to discretely watch his query on a case, had noticed John momentarily when he came by to take his order, and when the man held his gaze a moment too long, (only waiting for Sherlock to make his selection and nothing more, but Sherlock had been distracted and hadn't noticed.) he'd been his usual acerbic self of course, questioning why so highly an educated and decorated man had given up so illustrious a career in medicine in order to open up a cafe of all things, it was ridiculous, even teaching paid more. John's reaction hadn't been what he'd expected though. He'd laughed and called him brilliant right to his face, then given Sherlock a sample of the latest seasonal brew, and showed him his left hand and how it shook lightly.
fruit and nut cake. Apples, pears, oranges, currants, and cranberries mixed with chopped walnuts, almonds, and chestnuts in a moist rum soaked spice cake
"Because it makes me feel normal Mycroft, it's the one part of my life that still makes sense and I have some control over."
And just like that all of the added stress had melted away, simply because John had cared enough to show him a kindness he didn't have to, and for no other reason than he had wanted to. Mycroft and Anthea hadn't been starving or nearly as stressed by the end of that day, due to the one simple act of John anticipating their needs and fulfilling them without being asked or expecting anything in return.
! But it's hurting you and I have to destroy it, and Anderson's right, you never fight back, why don't you ever fight back?!"
"Yeah Sherlock, it's me. I wanted to let you know I was alright, especially after all of the dramatics. Are you alright? Did they hurt you?”
This wasn't just 'a bit not good', this was Bad. This was an unforeseen complication, and it was driving him absolutely MAD. He wanted to pace, to think, to scream, to kill Anderson, (though slashing his tires had made him feel slightly better), and part of him wanted to smack John too, but what he really didn't want to do was admit that this was his own damn fault for not seeing it sooner.
Cornish game hen stuffed with mushroom risotto, served with steamed vegetables and our sweet potato side.
Sherlock felt his face blanch and scanned the room. The air vent, it had to be. He knew Mycroft kept rigorous surveillance on him, he had simply chosen to ignore it, had thought it wouldn't be in the flat proper, especially not in the bedrooms, but no, Mycroft had seen everything, probably from the beginning, and Sherlock knew that if Mycroft thought John was intentionally hurting him, John would have simply disappeared from the flat one day without a trace and never have been seen again.
And why would someone who'd had the brains and ability to put themselves through Oxford immediately turn around and risk their necks on the front lines of a war instead of putting their hard won education to any kind of good use? It made absolutely no sense. Not to mention, this was a man enjoying his military life to the point he not only pushed himself to join the Commandos, but also tattooed his deployments into his skin for posterity. This man would have stayed in the military until it killed him, he was invalided, or he'd climbed as high as he could up the officer's ladder and stayed there until he died. The man had never set foot in Oxford in his life. Welbeck or Commando Training Centre Royal Marines, he would absolutely believe, but definitely NOT Oxford.
The next day he woke to find the entire front of his shop spray painted with graffiti, and spent the morning scrubbing it off the walls with solvent and scraping it off the windows with a razor after he recorded it with his camera. Mycroft was quite displeased with the defacement when he saw it, and told John not to worry, he'd help track down the responsible party. John appreciated the sentiment but doubted what a government clerk could do about it. By lunch he was repainting the outside with a highly expensive paint that wouldn't allow spray paint to stick to it.
His phone rang and he dove for it, barely registering that the number was blocked before answering in the middle of the second ring. "This is low even for you, and it's none of your damned business anyway, now give him BACK! If you have harmed one hair on John's head I will dismember you personally Mycroft!"
, something dark and vicious that I can't control, and that is perfectly capable and willing to hurt the people I care about most, and I am
Instead of being insulted, John merely smiled. "You know it really is brilliant how you do that. Though if you had to deal with Harry, you'd do everything you could to not be available either."
Mycroft had given him the holster already loaded with his own gun freshly cleaned, serviced, with a newly engraved placard on the butt, and, John suspected, the barrel either replaced or re-drilled in order for any previous ballistics reports to never be able to be linked to it. There had also been a license to carry firearms, and a freshly printed set of papers and pair of shoulder crowns declaring him reinstated on full active duty in Her Majesties Royal Army, this time as Major John H. Watson working as an international military liaison with Scotland Yard. His permanent standing orders signed personally by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, His Royal Highness, Prince Charles, as well as the Chief of the Defense Staff, General Sir David Julian Richards, and the Vice Chief of the Defense Staff, General Sir Nicholas Houghton, were to protect and defend one Sir Sherlock Holmes, Earl of Essex, above all other orders should the need arise, using whatever means and force necessary to do so, in this and all other Thirteen Territories without fear of legal reprisal if used on Sherlock's behalf. Lestrade had near flipped his lid when he'd seen it and no wonder, John now had more authority behind him than the entire chain of command of the police forces of the entire British Nation combined as far as it pertained to Sherlock. Sherlock hadn't seemed to comprehend the severity of the moment, and John had been speechless. Mycroft had literally given John a license to kill. John had the letter framed and it now hung in his bedroom.
So had this all just been a power play or had the pager had something to do with this? With all the available technology, why did Mycroft even still HAVE a pager? And if that had been a bluff John never wanted to play the man at poker.
His home consisted of a combined bedroom and living room with a kitchenette divided off by the built in table, a bathroom with the washer and dryer tucked away in a cupboard at one end, and a small closet that he had converted entirely into a library area for his books. It was small, and lonely, but it was his, utterly his, and he felt safe here
cleaned him up so thoroughly. He cuddled up behind Sherlock, letting the taller man be the little spoon, and just let Sherlock bask in the feeling of being held and cared for.
Cleaned and stitched and stable, the only thing left was to see if the man would wake up and retain his mind. Exhausted and weary, John Watson, Mark Hamsfeld, Carl Greenburg, Michael Wheaton and his fellows had truly done all they could. Robert Fletcher was a miracle case and had survived against some of the worst odds.
"Oh wait, yep looks like they put an extra one in here, they must have known that I was going to be meeting you today too." John took one of the flowers and handed it to the little girl whose eyes lit up in absolute joy as he set her back down on her feet and she dashed off towards her father showing off her treasure.
I LIIIIIIIIIVE! And so does this story, at least a bit. Sorry for the crazy delay but this story got super glue stuck. We aren't fully out of the woods yet, but I have managed to finish this one at least and am working on another. Please send all writers block destroyers my way.
"Twelve women, thirteen men, almost all had ID's on them, jewelry and wallets intact, ages range from twenty to thirty-six for the women, and twenty-four to forty for the men. No definite links as to why they might have been chosen, cause of deaths undetermined and that's mainly what I want from you right now, we can sort out the rest later. I need a cause of death, so I know whether this was a bio terrorist attack or something else. A profile of who we could start looking for might be nice too, but that's it for right now until I can get those hyenas to back off. We have taken photos and fingerprints and we don't know what was disturbed yet. We've got the kids who found them getting their prints run to rule them out, and taking DNA swabs as well to be safe. We don't know who else besides one of the kids parents tramped through here yet, but I'm dying for you to tell me who did so you give me a reason to haul them in for questioning and bully the snot out of them for as long as I'm allowed to."
“I've lasted longest though, this kind of thing can't scare me, not with what I've seen. That's why they decided to do something like this. If Mycroft wasn't replacing the windows, I'd be closed until it was fixed, or have an ugly set of boards installed until it was, both of which would lose me money and customers. If my insurance covered the damage, I'd still have to cover the deductible first, if not, I'd have to pay out of pocket to get everything replaced. If anyone was injured that would be claims and payouts again, which could cost me even more money, seeing as my insurance premiums would go up. Every move is designed to cost the victim their profits bit by bit, all while losing them customers because they don't feel safe about coming back, which means a loss of revenue, and eventually they go under. Two months ago this would have been the final coffin nail if I hadn't started getting some new customers, because I was that close to the edge, but thanks now to Mycroft, I can rally again without a problem, which scares me about how they are going to retaliate, I don't want anyone getting hurt.”
"Multipurpose usage license, and you'll notice he isn't running both at the same time, and that the clinic is technically separate."
“Very well, tactless it is. Did you know that Sherlock is trained in four different types of martial arts, as well as street fighting and boxing? He started as a way to defend himself from bullies and then got extremely interested in different forms for ahile. He's masterful at it, as he is with anything that catches his attention and he decides to pursue. He's won national championships. Wouldn't you say it's curious then when he has no qualms about taking out an opponent until they are broken or unconscious, that he doesn't raise a finger to stop you when you supposedly hurt him? He's not afraid of you, he could break you like a twig and he knows it, though it looks like you didn't. He repeatedly took down his instructor when he was twelve. I doubt you would give him much trouble, no matter how well they trained you in the army. So why then doesn't he stop you, if you are hurting him? He's not the type to get so emotionally dependent he'll let you have your way so you'll stay with him, he's not afraid of being alone, he's not afraid of standing up for himself no matter who it offends, and he's not afraid of you. The only logical answer left then, the only thing Sherlock
So part of this was a bit of a rant to people who always said they wished they had my hypoglycemia and will most likely never read this, but it makes me feel better anyway. Plus you write what you know, and I know this would be a terrible way to go.
Two hours later the food was gone, the clinic shut down, his two remaining staff members hoovered, wiped down tables and seats and collected their dishes along with the rest of the items going back to the kitchens. John emerged from the office and took off his lab coat to be put with the outgoing bag of linens near the door to be cleaned and sterilized.
"Wonderful, and my command voice is nearly two years rusty. At least the conditions are better than a canvas tent in the desert, and I used to work bloody MIRACLES in those. What's his condition?"
"Good, when you wake up again a primary care physician will come in to talk to you about the details of your surgeries and to discuss your options. You're scheduled with your orthopaedic surgeon Dr. Wheaton tomorrow morning, to discuss the other surgeries you are scheduled for once this infection clears up. We also have a vetted trauma counselor on hand if you want to talk to someone once we unwire your jaw, and we can easily arrange for the clergy member of your choice to visit you if you are a religious man."
Even so much later, Sherlock couldn't figure out just why that had made his pulse race so fast he was dizzy, how the simple application of soap and water with a flannel that wasn't held by his own hand, could be so completely enthralling, arousing, and sensual. It hadn't been a sexual experience for John, yet Sherlock had been so achingly hard that he'd had to bathe his own genitals to prevent embarrassment, a move he would later regret wholeheartedly. He had been trying to recreate the experiment ever since. He wanted to know if it was the fact that it had been John's hand touching him, or the fact that the experience had happened in a bed and his instinctual brain had taken the act as sexual, or if it was a combination of those and other factors that had made the simple act of John giving him a sponge bath, the same as countless nurses around the world gave their patients everyday, the same as he had experienced himself a few times during his lengthier visits in hospital, into one of the most singularly stimulating, arousing, and wonderful moments of Sherlock's life.
John actually laughed. "We're the ones who were allowed to put the pieces back together in time, you're the one who saved his life. Like it or not, the practice of medicine is a business like any other, and businesses don't like bad numbers, or wasted cost of doctors and supplies, especially in the important areas like surgery, it makes them look bad. Robert Fletcher would have been a bad number no one would have bet on. If you had brought him in off the street they would have done something, but I guarantee you it wouldn't have been what we did. He would have died on the table 15 minutes in, from the first time he flatlined if they knew about his DNR or were just feeling merciful to the poor bastard. Otherwise they would have taken care of the most life threatening issues in order to stabilize him and then waited for approvals on other surgeries, most likely from his next of kin if he had any. His chances for survival of enduring multiple surgeries wasn't looking good, time was our worst enemy, we had a very small window where we had about a twenty percent chance of actually saving his life. To give him the best shot it had to be an all or nothing bet, otherwise he would have run out of time.
"Ahh I see. Well there are rules about that sort of stuff you know, there always is with the important things like that. To become a real princess, you have to marry a real prince, and Mycroft's not a real prince, and he won't be, unless he marries someone who is already a princess, and then he wouldn't be allowed to marry you to make you a princess at all I'm afraid. Though if he absolutely promised to make you a princess, then he's probably going to introduce you to a few princes when you grow up a bit to see if you fall madly in love with any of them."
Six hours later they had their answer. Mycroft and John were at the bedside waiting when Robert Fletcher woke up from the pain and though he couldn't scream, he still tried.
He smiled at them. "I'm surprised you two have stayed this long, won't your families be worried about you? It's nearly eleven."
want a copy of the surgery, just because half of it is a blur because I was running on adrenaline and coffee at the time and also because I know that Carl Greenburg and Michael Wheaton did some amazing work that I would love to take a better look at. They would probably love copies too, if only to convince themselves they actually did a surgery like that. You cut through all the red tape that would have kept us from saving him, you kept the window open and gave us what we needed. You saved his life Mycroft, feel proud about it."
"The only one who might notice my absence is my landlady, but she is very used to me being gone at all hours for work, so it would be several days if not weeks before she began to worry. My nosy brother and his tediously infinite spy network on the other hand tails my every move through the CCTV, so he of course knows exactly where I am, and other than that, I do not have friends."
It was inconvenient that the agent was placed in a medically induced coma and put in Intensive Care Isolation, but John had assured him it was necessary and the best way to prevent complications from the head injury and subsequent brain surgery. Mycroft was also displeased that the man's jaw had been wired into a slightly open position to help aid his breathing and he probably wouldn't be able to talk. But he also had to admit he was impressed, he had seen an entirely different side to John H. Watson these past two days. First when they were at Iron Town and then once he got into the operating room. He had viewed the tapes from the surgery and was very comfortable describing what John and the other doctors had done an absolute miracle. He had seen the agent's injuries when he was being prepared for transport and could honestly declare that if he had ever found himself in such a state he would have either begged for death or found a way to end himself instead of even trying for surgery, and yet they had still found a way to keep the man alive.
"I'm afraid of myself." John admits, even though he doesn't want to, and then his heart is shattered anew as his beautiful Sherlock, the one he hurt, and forced, and practically raped holds out his hand to him.
Nathan Cornwall and Timothy MacDonald had been in the military, both active duty on leave. Timothy was most likely Army or Marines if he had to guess, due to the presence of gun callouses. Nathan however was a Royal Marine Commando according to the dagger tattoo on his right bicep, having recently come back from a third tour in the middle east, the dates of the first two having been thoughtfully tattooed below the dagger.
"No I highly doubt any of them were diabetic at all. Besides being obviously dead the victims are all in the peak of health; fit, active, and very low body fat. They are also, as society would declare them, attractive. Insulin dependent diabetics are very prone to weight gain and swollen ankles even if rigorously maintained. Going without their shots for a few days would cause them to have very high levels of blood glucose since their bodies can't produce enough insulin to digest it. They would have gotten sick, possibly even hit coma status if they were bad enough, a few of them might have had their blood sugar drop, but that isn't the case here. They have all bottomed out, with the signs of extreme hypoglycemia and ketoacidosis, everywhere."
It was very strange for him to view John the way he did, not as a waiter or even a business owner who thought himself to be slightly important because he had other people to order around. No, surprisingly Mycroft viewed John as a strange sort of equal, and actually did view him as important in some way he couldn't quite define. John was always polite, and was actually allowed to be on a first name basis with him, and did not defer to him as almost everyone else did. His power and influence, even unspoken, did not strike the same chord of diffidence or the wide physical berth people tended to give Mycroft, even if they didn't know who he was.
"Tame you? Perish the thought, I would never even dream of it, you are at your best the way you are. I'd describe it more like having found a kindred spirit who keeps you so well satisfied that you aren't even tempted to look elsewhere. John, you could punch Mycroft a hundred times and I'd still encourage you to keep going."
“No, I have since had one by both a male and a female nurse for comparison, and it did nothing for me.” Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
It was around seven and the paperwork was finally finished, (but not by him), so Sherlock grabbed Lestrade and insisted they go out for drinks to celebrate. Since Lestrade had yet to give up on him 'becoming more social' he had startled the Detective Inspector half to death six months ago when he had accepted the regular offer to get a drink after the conclusion of their latest case. Lestrade really should have been more clear that he had been expecting to go to a pub and get alcohol, not be dragged into John's little shop and be treated to, in Sherlock's very knowledgeable experience, the best cafe in London. It had all turned out for the best though, now Lestrade could oft be found several mornings a week tucked into one of the window seats, doing some people watching as he sipped his large vanilla espresso and ate his breakfast, even getting drinks to go for most of his team a couple times a week. It was also quickly becoming a tradition for him and Sherlock to wind up there after cases, and this was no exception.
"Oh come on Lestrade not even you can be that blind! Look! Leftover food, an office that isn't opened until after closing time, the staff are all college students! Of course, it's so obvious, you can take away a surgeon's tools, but that doesn't mean he's not still a doctor."
"I would suspect, I don't know, Diabetes or Hypoglycemia probably. I would need blood work to be sure."
Suffering from severe head trauma, internal bleeding in abdomen, punctured right lung, five abdominal stab wounds, possible organ damage, multiple mild to moderate lacerations everywhere, but about twenty severe ones. Second degree fire and electrical burns over about twenty-five percent of his body, severe bruising over the entire body, kidney damage, dental torture that removed seven teeth, they ripped off every single fingernail and toenail and stuck sharpened bamboo into the quicks, a broken and dislocated jaw, broken right humerus and left ulna. Every finger, both wrists, both ankles and both tibias are definitely broken at least once, they went the extra mile for us and made sure the tibias broke through the skin, left one on the front, and the right through the medial side. The pelvis is shattered, and left femur is dislocated, looks like they tried to impale him or something.
For sitting on the floor bleeding profusely into a pocket handkerchief, Mycroft was surprisingly calm and articulate.
Anderson hated the fact he hadn't seen it, when he KNEW what to look for, the coverup, the denial, the defense of their own abusers... Anderson felt sick. He wanted to punch John, throttle him, make him feel what it was like to be helpless before someone else, not in defense of Sherlock, but because John had fooled him. Anderson had trusted him, liked him, and now... now he wanted to shoot him with the man's own gun.
"Wonderful." He turned to the one he had ordered to do the picc line. "I also want you to get a pint from her and get it here as fast as you can." He turned to the other woman in the group.
It wasn't pleasant to wake up in the middle of the afternoon from an after shag nap, to an armed squadron of special forces busting down the bedroom door and grabbing your naked arse out of bed while they restrained your lover. John was barely able to grab the comforter to wrap around himself before they were ushering him through the apartment in the middle of their group with guns at his back, then down the stairs and out the back door and into an unmarked black van in the alley. He was seated between two men and across from four others as the van drove off silent, efficient, and without a word from anyone. One of the men across from him handed him a set of his own clothes, shoes, and his wallet, all neatly folded and waiting. Mycroft then. Well, probably. This could be bad, or very VERY bad.
"Possibly the murder weapon. So far I am seeing signs of steroids and possibly even a bad trip on LSD for the girl who tried to take off her own skin. "
Mycroft knew that he himself was no better than Sherlock, though he did have an easier time of maintaining his condition through rigid, absolute, and complete control. Control of himself and his environment, the people around him, the events in his life, everything. He had systematically organized, compartmentalized, labeled, filed, and monitored everything in his world into beautiful order, leaving him holding an exquisitely entwined and complicated web of interconnected strings. He could pluck any number of any hundred thousand of those strings and know exactly the path the vibration would take, and all the strings it would touch along the way.
Lestrade shook his head, wryly imagining an army of homeless armed with blackberry's, texting national and private secrets to their leader who was meticulously taking over the world.
He wanted to protest, Sherlock was one thing, he wanted to follow after the mad git, Mycroft was another matter entirely, he wasn't some pet to call to heel when beckoned. But he also knew Mycroft may have just changed his mind about slitting his throat, probably to offer him a devil's deal in exchange for his life, but something had come up, something he could be useful in, something that might let him walk away without selling his soul, and so he warily followed after Mycroft, grabbing a few tissues to clean up the blood on his neck.
to do it again. No more manipulations. I am your partner, not your bloody science experiment. Understand?”
Amanda Addlesby was the lynchpin like Sherlock had thought. She had been the girl who had rejected Devin, and was supposed to be away in Italy for a month, which is why she hadn’t been reported missing. Devin had two enforcers that he had significant amounts of blackmail on to make them do the kidnappings for him. He had blindfolded everyone with silk blindfolds so they didn’t even see each other until they were so weak or out of their minds with drugs that they had just torn into each other instead of joining together and overpowering their captors. He had also prevented the escape of his victims by binding them with long swaths of fabric that hung from the ceiling, similar to aerial silks that were grommeted and held together with locks. The fabric covered such wide areas of the victims, that not only did it keep them immobile, but it also didn’t leave noticeable binding marks anywhere. With the final person on his original list finally in his grasp, Devin killed all of his tormentors one final time with her at the center of it, the catalyst for what he believed was where his life had gone wrong.
"Oh yes of course! Welcome! It's so good to meet you at last, he's been squirreling you away from us for ages." Violet said with a smile and completely ignoring the hand he was beginning to offer, she wrapped him up into a gentle, floral scented embrace.
No one cared to know how he did it or what their relationship was actually like, and John had insisted they weren't a couple for the longest time. If anyone was to be suspected, everyone would have immediately thought that Sherlock would be the one abusing John, the sociopath with no conscience or regard for human life. No one would suspect John, he didn't have a hint of guile or that 'leading a hidden life' vibe. Then again no one had suspected his father either, the highly respected civil servant, the perfect family man with the devoted wife and two children, the man with the bright future in politics.
Of the staff of fifty and supplies he'd had sent up in order to help prepare for their arrival a week ago so that their appearance conscious mother would not feel stressed about the possibility of John coming across a single speck of dust or untidiness, only ten were standing out front to greet them, along with the permanent staff of ten, meaning she was taking the opportunity to use the extra help to get all of the other houses in order and anything else done she had been putting off for more urgent things as well. The visible grounds were immaculate, and he had no doubt the veritable army of gardeners were somewhere on the expansive acreage creating or maintaining an Eden for his mother. He'd keep them all on here for another month or so as a gift, so his mother could host one of her parties, she did so love to play hostess.
Your murderer is probably male, most likely somewhere in the mid to late thirties, true psychotic, probably diabetic, with very poor self-esteem, and a god complex. Probably grew up poor or abused, someone who has actually experienced starvation, and now wants to inflict the feeling on the 'perfect people' of the world who either turned a blind eye to his situation, looked down on him, refused to help, or caused the situation in the first place.
“Knowing him, Crestfield Point. It's his Lair away from home. I have to admit you are taking this better than I had hoped.”
Or I woke up earlier than I had thought I would and decided to post this now instead of days from now. Because I love you all. And now I have to get to work making a FABULOUS lasagne with sauce that takes 5 hours to slow cook. ^_^
John gave up, Mycroft couldn't be reasoned with, it was free, someone else was cleaning up the mess, and he needed a cup of tea. “Come on Sebastian, cup of coffee, and lunch on the house.”
The extremely enjoyable company after the long day and the lovely meal he didn't have to dash away from right in the middle of, had John feeling more relaxed than he had in ages. It also had him missing his brilliant madman, and John finally realized what Mycroft had meant.
"Mr. Holmes Sir, it's an honor to see you." said the only unarmed officer there, a colonel by his mark of rank who actually saluted Mycroft.
Mrs. Hudson must not have been home because he had barely closed the front door when Sherlock let loose and pinned John back against the wall.
“Mike, how many times have I told you? 'Manipulation bad, Communication good'. It's not that hard of a concept. You don't have to manipulate the entire world and everything in it in order for things to run smoothly. Yes it's good that John knows the truth now and can fix things, but their relationship is none of your business and is not yours to meddle with. Once you can breathe again, the first thing you are doing is getting the cameras out of their flat and you are going to put it in notarized and witnessed writing that you are never going to do it again. The second thing you are going to do is come up with a way to sincerely apologize to John AND Sherlock, and then you will have two hours to make the arrangements needed for the world to run without you for the rest of your stay before turning over every last one of your electronics because you will not be needing them. You're going on a technology blackout and you will comply quietly or I will be forced to inform Mummy of the entire truth of the matter, and we both know you don't want that. Clear?”
"I didn't want you getting charged with assault of an officer and carted off to jail because it would have made Anderson's fucking DAY! And it's not insinuation when it's true Sherlock."
Sherlock threw the teacup against the wall, barely paying attention as it shattered against it with a high-pitched crash and the tea started creeping down the wallpaper. There was a momentary reminder that he still needed to do that experiment on all the different types of tea stains, before it was brushed aside as he stalked around the flat like an enraged and caged animal. Mycroft still had his phone off. Forty-seven calls, sixty-seven texts, not a single response. Mycroft had taken John, HIS JOHN, twenty-nine and a half hours ago and Sherlock had been stupid, so stupid and had allowed it, thinking Mycroft had meant to take him to Essex.
"Wouldn't hurt to bring a few people who aren't on the force as well, contacts, informants, a safe public place where they would feel secure in confiding in you without feeling trapped. My homeless network could keep this place busy open to close, but I doubt they would project the right image to keep other people coming through the door, though there is nothing preventing me from ordering things to hand out to them. Hot drinks make good compensation, especially with winter coming on again. I could bring Mrs. Hudson and she'll bring Mrs. Turner, and then before you know it all of their friends will decide this is the best place to come. She has a taste for quality, and likes returning to places that treat her well. I also think she would adore John."
John fell asleep with the warmth of the blanket wrapped tightly around him and the feeling of Sherlock still carding his fingers through his hair.
Sherringford chuckled and put his arm around Johns' shoulders. “Come on, I'll show you.” he says and starts leading John towards where Mycroft is most likely staying.
He'd gone there once, in uniform so he wouldn't be recognized, to check them out after they took over the bistro. The manager was a severe looking individual who obviously had his workers afraid to draw his attention to them, he hadn't seen the owner or met the chefs, but the food was overpriced for what it was, and all of the meat dishes were either cut into small pieces, or breaded and deep fried, and most were completely smothered in gravy or heavy sauces, a sure sign of cheap ingredients and low quality meats, and usually poor or terrible kitchen standards.
"I never thought a split cranium with multiple skull fractures, intracerebral hemorrhaging and bone shards in the brain matter would have ever been the lesser surgical job. You boys sure have your work cut out for you, if he lives this is a surgery for the history books, I hope you're recording it." Then set in on the head and brain surgery.
They still had several dozen things to discuss, but it could wait until later. John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s shoulder as the detective dozed off. As he was laying there John realized that they aren't really two people anymore. At some point when he wasn't looking, the man before him magicked them into one entity known as Sherlock&John, and he has no idea how to undo that without destroying them both. He doesn’t even think he wants to. Which means they will just have to keep on working out the snags as they come up, no matter how large or small. But for now at least, the case is solved, they have reached an understanding, they can rest in the country for awhile, he’ll have Sherlock show him the garden folly in the morning, and once they are on their way back to London, they will stop in Chelmsford and have dinner with Mark and his wife and let the man tell embarrassing stories about them from the Army so that Sherlock will laugh and they feel like any other normal couple on a double date with friends. They will just take things one day at a time, but for now John's world has found some semblance of balance in it again, and for that, he's grateful.
No one knew about the third safe. It was mounted in the wall at the top of the stairwell behind the display of his medals. It's where he kept his gun and ammunition, as well as the flash drive and sim card that contained all of the evidence he was collecting against A bientot that was down the street a ways. They were a trendy 'French Fusion' restaurant that had moved in six months ago and had already run the French bistro that had been next door to them out of business, then bought out and expanded into the space. They had horrible business practices, and they made very little secret of the fact that they were trying to drive out any possible competition in the neighborhood.
James looked a bit green around the gills and Steve looked like John might be nuts. Tom however looked like he was fighting off a laugh. Perfect.
“No John, that wasn't the reaction I was going for, that was the catalyst, the trigger, the reaction I was going for happened after you had calmed down, when you were dealing with the fallout. The first time I was successful in making you get rough during sex, you did something unexpected afterwards, I was trying to recreate the results.”
That made his blood boil. He wasn't some errant child who needed constant watching anymore, and even if he did, he had John now, who watched over him and protected him better than Mycroft ever had. But even more than that, John was HIS. He was the only one who had the right to end Sherlock's life or put a restraint on him in any way, because he trusted John, loved John, he NEEDED John, and Mycroft in his pompous arrogance had nearly taken him away.
“Shatter resistant glass. It has a protective film on both sides so that such a thing cannot happen again. It can withstand tornadoes and hurricanes, bricks should be no issue. It's a gift of course, nothing to concern yourself with.”
John drops the plate he's washing back into the sink, but it thankfully doesn't break, even though he winces at the sound. Those words, sounding so puzzled, go right through him. If the world's only consulting detective, one of the most observant people on the planet can't come up with any sort of reasonable explanation for his actions, then what kind of defense could he possibly offer? He grips the edge of the sink in frustration.
Those two...the way they fit together had been so instantaneous and strong, Mycroft admitted he was still baffled by it. He had often wondered that if there were such things as reincarnation, (though he had yet to acquire conclusive evidence either way), if perhaps he was privileged enough to be witness to one of the grand pairings, whose affection and love for each other was beyond the definition or scope of the human experience, and the power of which was so strong that even thousands of years later their bond would not be forgotten. He wondered If one day the names John Watson or Sherlock Holmes could not be uttered without calling to mind the other, and the indefinable connection that existed between them. They had often reminded him of Alexander and Hephaestion, or perhaps Achilles and Patroclus, who gladly faced danger and death side by side, and together had made the other shine even brighter and achieve even greater things. Maybe even Hadrian and Antinous, a love that through sheer force of will and against societies' strictures was so strong that if tragedy occurred it would rise up to demand that it would never be forgotten. If that were the case, he wondered which one was which, who would grieve the loss of the other to the point they couldn't rest until the other was immortalized as a god? Sherlock, or John? Somehow it was a comfort that he couldn't come up with a definite response.
John injected the first half and smiled at the man whose eyes looked scared as well as full of pain. Sympathy not Empathy, he knew he shouldn't get emotionally attached to his patients, but even so, he was a compassionate man and this guy had been through Hell. How wrong could a little compassion go? He leaned a bit closer and kept his voice low enough to not carry.
Mycroft called his assistant and five minutes later he received notification alerts that there was a transport van and escort, a helicopter prepped and cleared to take off when ordered, and that all other details were ready. Mycroft gave the go ahead and set his phone to silently send everything directly to voicemail.
"Are you Uncle Mycroft's boyfriend?" The little girl demanded with all the imperiousness she could muster while clinging ever tighter around Mycroft's neck and locking her ankles around his waist. "Because he's MINE."
John fetches his own phone out of his trousers, and sees he has a voicemail from Lestrade as he heads to the bathroom to do a quick wash up. "Twenty five people discovered dead with no immediate signs pointing directly to either murder or mass suicide. All of them died at approximately the exact same time, many of them in obvious pain, some accompanied by seizures. I need answers fast because the media found out about this one before we did, a reporter's kid discovered the bodies and they walked all over the place and probably took pictures before they phoned the police. I've sent an officer that will be there in ten and Sherlock doesn't get to argue it this time. Please make sure he's decent, this is already a media nightmare on its own without him deciding to show up in a ninja suit again. And if anyone asks about the photos of him covered in blood and wielding a harpoon, please say no comment."
John was high on emotions and the feel and taste of Sherlock. He didn't care how long they lasted, he couldn't tell if they had been going at it for minutes or hours, but Sherlock was in him, with him, invading every single one of John's senses until Sherlock made himself John's entire world, and he LOVED that.  It felt like Sherlock was pressing behind his navel or even deeper, which was perfect, John's breath was ragged, he was sweating and thrusting back to meet Sherlock's hips in a fantastic counterpoint all while touching and kissing and licking and biting over every single bit of the detective's skin he could reach as the man plunged deep and hard into him. Sherlock's eyes screwed shut tightly and silky brunette curls clung to the detective's sweaty forehead. However long it lasted, John clutched at Sherlock's shoulders and screamed as he finally came hard, stimulated only by Sherlock's cock and his own rutting against the man's stomach.
“Yes, quite. Turns out he'd been going for a birds' nest, he was quite livid over the fact it had not survived the fall intact.”
“Good. My name is Major John Watson with Her Majesty's Royal Army, I'm your attending surgeon and physician. You were recovered and brought to Broomfield hospital in Chelmsford Essex. You are safe I promise you. I know you're in a lot of pain, but I need to run a few response, movement, and sensation tests so that we can determine the full state of your injuries and then you will be given as many painkillers as you want and allowed to rest again. Your jaw is wired for the next three to four weeks minimum and you are in traction so that you don't accidentally reopen your wounds. Do you understand?"
Sherlock belatedly realized he had sank down to his knees in relief. John was alright, he was alive, he could keep breathing because John was still alive. "John..." it sounded far more choked up and scared than he would have liked, but gods he couldn't even begin to describe how scared he'd been.
It didn't help matters that Greg had come in during the middle of it all and was looking at him with a confused and wary look on his face, and Sherlock seemed like he was about to go after Anderson in order to do something very foolish, but as he tried to follow Anderson back into the crime scene and possibly add Anderson's name onto the list of victims, John caught Sherlock's arm and held it firmly, not letting him pass, and his eyes begging the determined consulting detective to let it go. Now Sherlock was glaring at John with a look that he couldn't really determine the meaning of. If he had thought the man capable of feeling the emotion, he would have almost described it as shock. Sherlock finally backed down, snatched his scarf and hastily wrapped it around his neck, then turned to leave with a disgusted look on his face, a calling of 'Coming John?' and a dramatic flare of his coat as he stormed out the door. John was about to follow him when he was stopped by Greg catching hold of his wrist.
It was basic animal instinct to seek out the strongest ones for protection, and it was something the primal brain was acutely tuned for even without conscious thought. Anyone could stand in a small crowd of people and with just a casual glance pick out the strongest and the weakest ones in the group, the longer you remained the better the distinctions would become until there was a distinct pecking order, no matter how loosely formed. Four people in that room had been trained to be the very protectors everyone else would have been looking for, and yet none of them had been spotted or began to form a group of their own? Why? They were already used to dangerous, life threatening situations. They would have been able to recognize that same spark in each other in seconds, and yet DAYS had gone by without them banding together? What was missing? It had to be something small but important.
Sherlock sat on the floor for several minutes after John had hung up, just breathing deeply, making sure the world had righted itself and was once more going in the proper direction. His phone chimed with a text a moment later, it was Lestrade informing him that the toxicology reports on the first two victims, both males, were done as well as the autopsies, and he had emailed him the file, photos, and catalog of evidence so far, as well as everything they had on all the victims so far.
He didn't know if they believed him or not, but he closed his eyes anyway and relaxed. He didn't expect them to start chatting their heads off or anything, but he did want to put out the air of confidence that he wasn't afraid of these guys. He figured he could easily overpower three of them, four if he was damned lucky, Will and Steve however looked like they could easily break him in half. James and Tom were the sympathy plays, the mints and music had been an excuse, to check their responses, they at least viewed him as an individual now, it would be slightly harder for them to harm him. If it came to a fight he'd have to go for a gun quick and use human shields. Mike was the smallest and not in a 'small but scrappy' way, John KNEW he could take him out. Peter didn't look very strong, but could probably put up one hell of a fight regardless.
Up and down over his arms, the tender swipes leaving slightly damp and scented areas in their wake that chilled quickly in the air, raising his skin in gooseflesh. The intimacy of John washing each of his hands tenderly one by one, then kissing the pads of each finger after they were dried, had Sherlock as hard as a rock.
John had come over a minute later with two brown paper sacs along with their cheque and set one down in front of each of them. "As a doctor, I cannot condone the missing of two meals back to back for no other reason than you are too busy to sit down properly and eat something. Here, you can eat this anywhere, or even a little bit at a time whenever you can grab a minute if you are that busy. Each has a turkey sandwich with a serving of my special cranberry mustard, side salad with my house vinaigrette, hard boiled egg, apple, a few waxed cheeses, small fruit and yogurt parfait with granola, salt and vinegar crisps, fresh baked oatmeal biscuit, bottle of vitamin water, teabags of my house blend along with a cup, and a lunch packet of all the condiments and accompaniments you could possibly need, including cream and sugar. On the house today, and letting you know I have a takeaway cold bagged/ hot boxed lunch and afternoon tea menu, of which there are copies of inside. Never get so busy saving the world that you don't take care of yourself Mr. Holmes, or you won't be around to save it."
John told them about Sherlock, and how he was absolutely smitten with the man. As well as the fact he was a mad genius that took pleasure in tormenting the Met and the Yard by waving their own obliviousness in their faces.
Too all anon reviewers, I don't mind if you want to stay anonymous for whatever reason you feel you need to, if I did I wouldn't accept anon reviews. But when you review, if you are going to harshly criticize, then at least be willing to admit that it is you so you don't look like a troll. Own your words! Be proud of your opinions, and don't be afraid to stand up and be counted apart from the mass of anons.
And noticeably slower than Sherlock's usual flourishing trot through the door, but far faster than he had been moving last night, he leaves the room with his 'Consulting Detective' game face on and having determined the physical needs and desires of his body to be absolutely inconsequential for anything less than a bullet wound or a major broken bone until after the case was solved.
Seafood salad- crab, haddock, and sole served over romaine, baby spinach, and kale, with a lemon basil dressing
"Do you still love me John?" And he knows the answer, of course he knows the answer. John is an open book, who has always worn his heart on his sleeve, but still, there is something about the man saying it that he can never hear enough of. Those fingers card through his hair, gently massaging his scalp, and warm lips press against the top of his head as his John holds him tight.
John was ushered up to the east wing of the third story, where he had a suite of four rooms all to himself that included a bedroom with a huge wardrobe already filled with clothes in his size and style, though a few were more formal. There was a sitting room with soft squashy couches, armchairs, and a plasma screen TV, an office with a hand carved antique mahogany desk and bookcases, and a bathroom with a garden tub that seemed large enough to comfortably fit four people in it if they were rather fond of each other. There was a double sided wood burning fireplace that serviced both the bedroom and the sitting room, and the sitting room even had a real dumbwaiter that went straight to the kitchens. He started thinking about hidden rooms and secret passageways and all of the mysteries a young Sherlock would have investigated in a house this old and large. His windows overlooked a series of gardens, and off in the distance a ways he could even see a hedge maze garden with a tower folly in the middle of it. He could just imagine Sherlock dressed as a pirate and using the folly as his ship, or the island where he had hidden his treasure. He would have to explore it himself when he got the chance.
Squash, zucchini, and peppers medley over angel hair pasta, served with sauteed mushrooms, jacket potato and bread.
"Considering I am sure both of you also give flowers to the exact same girls, I doubt he would mind." and with that he handed the box over to the Lady Violet. "These are for you, I hope you like them."
Sherlock hated the inane media idiots buzzing like flies around a dead corpse, or corpses in this particular instance. This case had better be interesting, he may have been BORED lately, but couldn't this have happened later this evening or even a day later? John would have continued last nights activities this morning, continued them for another few hours at least before going and making breakfast and serving it to him in bed then giving him an earth shattering blowjob and maybe even helping him bathe. John had done that once, after the first time. Annoying as it was, Sherlock really DID have a difficult time standing for any amount of time that day, he hadn't had any time to prepare for John's unexpected reaction, a fact he never overlooked again. While showering would have been very difficult to manage, sitting in the bath would have been even harder to get out of. So John had given him a sponge bath in bed.
John snickered remembering the look of outrage and affrontation on Sherlock's face at that. He grabbed his coat and headed out the door, Sherlock already at the bottom of the stairs and kissing Mrs. Hudson on the cheek as usual.
"It's a kind of doctor. When people have bad things wrong with their insides, I go in and take it out and fix it so that it can't hurt them anymore."
Tom rolled his eyes in disgust and turned a volume control on the radio panel on the ceiling. Slow, droning, deep and somber orchestral music filled the back of the van for a few moments before it was viciously turned off again. John smiled.
"Two men about age thirty-five or so. No coats, no wallets, but their watches were still in place so we don't think they were robbed."
Warning, this story is extremely Explicit in the food porn area, I mean seriously, it's practically obscene. I highly recommend having snacks nearby for protection.
A pager began beeping uncontrollably and Mycroft immediately went for his belt. The fact his eyebrows rose momentarily was enough to worry John. The world was ending somewhere if Mycroft actually managed to look worried like that. A beat, then another, before a signal was given and John's hair was released and the knife removed.
Sherlock was being abused. It finally made sense, the annoying bids for attention, constantly trying to prove his importance and self-worth, the ridiculous coat and scarf even in summer, the... the split second guilty look in John's eyes when he came out of the room and flinched at seeing Sherlock's face...
Jim and Sebastian came in for tea time, a medium pot of Earl Grey with lemon for Jim, and the strong, full bodied Kenyan high roast coffee for Sebastian. John smiled as he set down the tea service; a cup of the house made chicken noodle soup each, with a slice of toasted cheddar baguette, a large plate of five different finger sandwiches, two small spinach, bacon, and cheese quiches, a medium sized plate of sliced fruits and cheeses with custard and yogurts, and hot blackberry scones with clotted cream and marmalade for them to share. Jim inhaled the tea's aroma before taking a sip and smiling.
"Surgeons can't have shaky hands or be unable to stand for long periods of time. It was a good life, but I can't do it anymore. I could still teach if this doesn't work out, but for now this makes me happy, I like meeting all the people who aren't out to die on me or have some terminal illness they expect me to miraculously be able to cure. So, what will it be?"
"Given the fact you understand the position you are in, you will accompany me for the foreseeable future. I have a few favors I need you to perform, nothing you would find distasteful Doctor, in fact I believe it will be work you will enjoy immensely. This is not a request, and arrangements will be made at the clinic for a substitute, though why you continue to try and work there is beyond me."
“Honestly, chasing down ruffians while in Armani.” He tsked, rubbing at a smudge of dirt on Moran's cheek with a serviette. “You always play so rough Sebby.”
It was the only time Sherlock had given in when someone had told him to eat. An hour later as he sat in Lestrade's office completely ignoring the paperwork Lestrade was trying to make him do and eating the sandwich, he wished that it had been John's shop, and not Speedy's that was below his flat. John's food was so much more to his tastes, and the man really knew how to make a wonderful cuppa.
Of all the times for Anderson to decide to be observant... John had been struck too speechless by Anderson's sudden hostile confrontation to get a word in edgewise, and really, what could he say? Especially since the man was right. He had never been one for lying or deceptions, in fact the men in his unit had often called him 'Honest John', both as a nickname and as a military joke on how dangerous he could be even though he didn't look the type.
"Because, John Hamish Watson, I in no way consider you an abuser or a threat to me. The day you make me afraid of you or make me fear for my own life, is the day I will shoot you with your own gun."
Having learned not to put anything past Mycroft, John had truly been more shocked at learning Sherlock was an Earl. He had known about the knighthood, Mycroft had been threatening Sherlock with a second one for as long as he had known him, but gentry, somehow that surprised him.
Lestrade walked in moments later with a bit of a grin on his face. "Anderson's getting down right vicious with that woman as he's poking her with needles. I think this is the first time you have ever made him happy with one of your stunts. She's itching like she's got fire ants down her shirt. Once we are done with her we're going to be carting her off for pickpocketing, stealing evidence, and tampering with a crime scene in front of all her media pals who aren't too happy at the moment. So what have you found in here so far?"
Pie parfaits. Fresh marscapone cream custard layered with crushed graham crackers and either apple or pumpkin pie filling served in a parfait glass and topped with whipped cream and a gingerbread biscuit.
John had turned him into an eternally loyal customer a year ago when they had been trying to finish a lovely breakfast that had just been served to them as quickly as they could, since an ambassador and a diplomat had just gone for each others' throats and it could have led to a civil war if he didn't get there to stop it soon, but he enjoyed the food here too much to just leave it. "Cancel lunch and afternoon tea, push back the phone conference with the Sheik until tomorrow, reschedule Berlin and Moscow, and possibly even Tokyo. I swear if they weren't already so intent on killing each other I would happily do it for them."
Just like he'd put his father away by setting up the video recorder in the living room and taking pictures of his mother's injuries when she wasn't looking, with a mini camera his aunt had given him for Christmas. He had snuck out in the middle of the night after a really bad row when he was ten. He took the tape and roll of film to the police station four blocks over and asked them to please save his mum because he was too little, and his dad had bloodied her up real bad tonight and she wasn't moving. His collecting evidence had saved his mum's life. They'd put his father in jail, his mum was taken to hospital for two months, and had to go to counseling for a few years. Once she was all better she got a divorce and pressed as many charges as possible, and she won because she'd had the evidence.
