Reaching through bars, I put my hands together, offering him a foot-hold. With this help, he was able to reach the top and sling a leg over. A ripping sound announced that he’d caught his trousers on one of the pikes.
“I guess I am a romantic. I haven’t been very successful, either, though.” He smiles back at Sherlock, who is studying him a bit uncertainly. “I am open to the experiment.”
On Wednesday, he stands at the pastry case of his usual cafe, trying to decide what would be a good reward for making it halfway through another week of his pathetic life. Not even Friday yet. It’s a sad realisation that he needs to bribe himself to get out of bed most days. A cup of coffee, a pastry, a sandwich, maybe a gelato. Do other adults do this, promise themselves treats if they spend the day doing the things they’re supposed to do? He’s drawing a pension, basically getting paid to stay alive. Does he really need a daily incentive to keep doing that?
They kiss, and they touch. John has no hangups about touching or sucking another man’s cock, or having his own touched or sucked. They don’t talk about past experiences, but it’s obvious that he revels in the way Sherlock worships his body. In turn, he lavishes attention on all the sensitive spots he’s discovered on Sherlock’s body— his neck, his belly, and especially his cock. Maybe this is what John loves the most about his new gay life, the equity of it. He doesn’t have to explain what he wants to another man.
“Look, I don’t know what’s going on with you, but you’d better make up your mind. Don’t work out your
“Just a heads up, I might have to stay here in another week. A few days, I think. I’ll be home first, and we can talk.“ There is silence. “Sherlock? You there?”
“She’s been wonderful, actually. I think she likes my boyfriend more than she likes me.” This elicits a few chuckles.
Consider me: solitary, hunched over, possibly muttering to myself, my mind revolving over some problem as I dashed across campus to get to my lab, where an experiment awaited. My fellow students must have thought me odd; this did not bother me. Though I was always cordial to my classmates, I preferred being left alone. At last I had the tools to dissect creatures that had died, the knowledge to understand what I saw, and sufficient evidence to draw some conclusions.
My Watson is able to mix with all classes of people. One of his greatest assets to me is that he can put anyone at ease with just the right kind of banter. His conversations with witnesses and suspects often yield valuable information. He put the Chadwicks at ease immediately, and I knew that he would manage them so that I could quickly solve their burglary.
He shakes his head. “The case is only a two. Boring, routine. But Lestrade asked, and I owed him, so… I have to do this for him.”
John Watson has been closeted for years. Perhaps he’d indulged in some same-sex activity while in the service, but his only serious relationships have been with women. He married young, and now his wife has left him. No doubt his near-death experience has prompted him to reconsider his orientation, and Sherlock is his test case. He hasn’t fully explored this side of himself, but now he is open to feeling things for another man.
John was a child. He’d died, and become a ghost, not gone to Hell. “I don’t believe you. If I die, I might become a ghost. Then I will haunt people.”
The wine is good. I sip, let it rest on my palate as I look around the dining room. It’s after seven now, and I’m feeling nervous. It’s been two years, and I’m about to see Sherlock again. Why he wanted to meet me here, I don’t know. Mycroft didn’t explain. Is it just secluded enough that Sherlock feels comfortable here? Is it a date?
And there will be more! This story is the end of the arc that began in the first one, The Best Antidote, though not the final episode in this series. Some of the stories will be epilogue to this one, bits of their life together as they enter a new century. And I may write some earlier stories as well, pre-Reichenbach adventures, as they occur to me. It’s a universe with possibilities I’d like to revisit.
“Yeah, well.” He’s not used to being the one pursued. Flirting is something he used to do. He enjoyed the sport of it— the repartee, the nuances, and seeing where things might go. “I guess I’m not a very fun person.”
The garden doors were locked, forcing me to climb through the window, which had been left unlocked. On the sill, I listened carefully, but heard nothing— no voices, no creaking stairs, no footsteps. Besides this, there were signs that the occupants had packed and left in great haste. The furniture had been hastily covered with drop clothes.
Sherlock has no friends; just one. John is Sherlock’s only friend, his only love, the object of all his devotion. It must always be a chaste love, an unspoken, hidden love. To keep John, to protect him, Sherlock must never speak his love out loud.
I am silent, having no answer for this. She’s right, I’m avoiding. But I really can’t bear to let go of the pain. If I do, I’ll have to let go of you, and I don’t see how that is going to change.
in his commitment to the relief of suffering, whatever discomfort it may cause him personally. And he is a dedicated student of human anatomy, as well.”
At first Brook seemed startled by their reaction. For a moment it looked as if he was about to go off script. A rabid expression passed over his features, but quickly resolved into a smug smile. He took a small bow and strode off stage as the audience heard Mrs Hudson crying for help.
He took out his mobile and redialed the number for the Department of Transport. “Yes, hello. I’d like to know if you have a driver named Jason Bradford. The plate number was LJ59HWN.”
“I guess. Anyway, it’s over. I’m still involved in raising my daughter, though. Trying to be. What made me call for an appointment, though, is that my new relationship is having problems. I guess you want me to be specific.”
“I beg you. Please don’t let it be Rich Brook.” The thought made him vaguely ill, which was somehow appropriate, considering that Brook's greatest role to date had been Diarrhoea Dude.
And then Asa Bellamy was there, magnetic and full of life. All his students worshipped him, and he befriended them. Even I, an awkward and asocial boy of seventeen years, had fallen under his spell.
“You’re a criminal!” I cried. “A thief!” I felt that there were even worse things I might have accused him of, but I could not name them. Tears filled my eyes. “You’re a… a book murderer!” I flew at him, striking out.
In the morning Greg stops by to ask about the autopsies. She’s working on the second one, and is able to answer his questions. He’s grateful, and lingers a bit.
He still pays the rent, a fact which now makes sense. I was too messed up to think it through when I realised he was doing it. Now, I understand. We’re both waiting.
People are standing. The pallbearers take their places beside the coffin and raise it to their shoulders. Now they’re carrying it out. Carrying you out. They’ll put you in the back of a hearse and we’ll go to the cemetery. I’ll have to say goodbye to you then. I wish I could think of something to say.
I also understand why Molly avoids me. Sherlock would have needed someone at Barts to help him, to make sure his deception wasn’t discovered. When I saw her that day at Tesco, she was too flustered to talk, and I didn’t realise. She was embarrassed. She didn’t know how it would affect me, and she felt guilty that I was so grief-stricken, that she knew and I didn’t. I could ask her what the plan was— the body, the blood, the people standing around gawking— but I don’t really care how they did it. And I already know why.
I took this all in with as much composure as I could muster. “Perhaps you’d better begin at the beginning. Mycroft said you’d invested in a diamond mine. What happened to that?”
But then we heard the footsteps hesitate outside the door. Whoever it was must have heard us whispering. Watson slipped through the doors, motioning for me to follow him.
“Last time, you said you were thinking about dating again.” Ella looks expectantly at him. Fortunately, she’s used to waiting for replies.
He’s not resentful, though. Resentment has no point. Being wounded, losing his way in life (again) does not make him resent fate, or life, or whatever abstract concept people attribute misfortune to. It only makes him feel that he should have been more thankful for the brief periods in his life when everything was going well, relatively speaking, and perhaps more vigilant at spotting bad luck on the horizon. He isn’t thankful, he isn’t resentful. He just plods onward because it’s the only thing to do.
Talking to his daughter does not specifically require him to go to her house and stay there for two days, or however long it will turn out to be. Why can’t they meet somewhere, have lunch, or go to the park? People don’t have to
Molly hugged him. “I knew there was something wrong with Rich,” she said. “He had all these pictures of you in his flat, said he was your biggest fan. That night you called, that’s when I knew. I realised he was only dating me to get to you.” She looked sad, but smiled at him and John. “I’m happy for you. It’s always been obvious that you two belong together.”
“He has identification.” She smiles sweetly. A security guard comes to stand behind her. “He can stay, but you have to go. Do we understand one another? Say goodnight, now!”
“This is just the first draft,” Irene interceded smoothly. “First drafts always need revision. Right now we’re just trying to get a feel for the characters. You’re all years older now, and need to find who your character is now—“
I hadn’t made a mark on Charles, who was standing over me, his foot on my chest. He gave an angry kick into my ribs.
“Are you all named Rosamund?” I asked, mentally calculating the odds of all of John’s sperm producing babies for women who for some reason named their daughters Rosamund.
An old man comes into the surgery with symptoms of a urinary tract infection. I note the clues: Slavic accent, dark glasses, hat pulled down— for a moment, I imagine it’s Sherlock, and I almost laugh, want to grab him and snatch off the terrible disguise.
John slides an arm around him. “And I deserve a husband who doesn’t burn my jumpers while I’m asleep.”
John didn’t know why he went to coffee shops. He didn’t even like coffee, and those shops never did tea well. But he had a half an hour to kill, and his leg ached a bit, so he might as well get a pastry and a cup of whatever passed for tea there.
“I don’t know how you go from that—“ he waggles his hand at the telly— “to my daughter. Tell me how you do that, hm?”
John’s face does something subtle. He’s surprised, but something else. Disappointed? Annoyed? Embarrassed? He looks at Sherlock, glances back into the flat, and then nods. “Yeah, sure.”
He dies several more times and learns nothing from those experiences. Stasis is boring. Waking up, stressful. There must be another way to uncover the secret of Death, but several thousand years haven’t taught him that yet, and it seems possible that he will ever know.
“She did not. But clearly you’ve recently returned from military service in… No, don’t tell me. Afghanistan.”
I had an older brother I did not know well; he was my father’s son by a different mother, the first Mrs Holmes. I have a clear memory of standing in the hall of our old home, waiting for him to arrive home from school. I did not know the tall stranger who leaned down to look into my face.
Sherlock watches as he gets off the floor, where he’s been kneeling (running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair), and goes back into the kitchen. “How do you want your eggs?”
At nine he heads over to Barts to pick up some liver samples from Molly. She’s texted him twice, reminding him that she can’t hang on to them forever, that if he wants them he’d better come by today. He knows that this is just a pretext for her real agenda: deconstructing his blind date with John.
As I pulled the box out from under my bed, John appeared in his childish form. He understood that I was leaving, and that I would bring him with me. I put the skull in the box with his other bones.
There is something satisfying about old age, he thinks. Molly sees her children grow up and leave home. There must be some sense of accomplishment in bringing new humans into the world, letting them go into the wild. Grandchildren are much more fun than children, she admits; she spoils them rotten, takes them on holidays so their parents can have time alone.
“There is something I should tell you,” he said. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything before, but I thought I had misunderstood.”
He nodded but did not speak. I could see, however, that he had a letter poking out of his coat pocket. I did not like to hope. It was usual for Mycroft to carry papers. It was more likely that he had a case for me, than the news I hoped for every day.
“Why?” They’d never been friends. He didn’t hate Anderson, he didn’t like him. He didn’t think about him. Maybe that was wrong. They’d all lived through early success and struggled to find their feet afterwards. “Sorry. Of course. Upstairs,” he said, opening the door.
“You’re getting married?” Rosamund gave a squeal and grabbed her phone. “Wait till I tell the others!”
Sherlock has found something. John can’t see what it is yet, but he sees the look of triumph on his face. He beckons, and John starts towards him.
John blushed adorably. “Is that so hard to believe?” Pulling Sherlock down, he gave him another kiss. “Course I do. Since… years. Since the first time I read lines with you. I just never thought you could feel that way.”
Now is not the time for an argument. He accepts his share of the blame, but wishes that she could understand that her affair was what drove him away for good. If she hadn’t sent that letter, if she’d been waiting for him, if she hadn’t moved on while he was gone… they might have made it work. So much blame. Maybe they just have to accept what’s left. It is what it is.
I turn and see him then, standing right here, looking at me. He’s thin and pale, but he’s smiling tentatively.
“Have no worries on that account, John. I do not pine for her. She bested me, it is true. I am drawn to her intelligence, her audacity, and her shrewdness. But you are mine, and I will take care of you. No freckled girl will take you from me. Nor will any woman turn my head, not even Irene Adler, a woman wooed by kings.”
Sherlock is silently scrutinising the menu. At least he’s not scrutinising John, who is trying to figure out what they might talk about. His date seems like a man not given to small talk. He probably knows all about literature, art, music— posh things. John doesn’t have anything to say about those.
I raised the crop and took swift steps towards Windibank, who jumped to his feet and ran for the door. We heard his feet clatter down the steps, the bang of the front door.
A few lines of code. He made a mistake, the very mistake that gave Moriarty what he needed. I blame Mycroft for that.
He sighs. “I feel like we don’t know one another anymore, Rosie. I went away and missed so much. I don’t know who you want to be, what you want to do with your life, and I wish I did. I hope you find something you want as much as I wanted to follow my dreams.”
But nobody notices when I’m not there. If I beg off pub night, nobody insists that we spend time together. I thought I had friends. Really, I had just one.
Wet coats were hung by the door, the kettle filled and set to boil, and they took seats opposite one another, Sherlock in his favoured armchair, and his guest in the chair last occupied by Molly.
Things are in fact going around. And around. He wishes they would stop so he could figure out walking. Here’s his cane, being useful. At least his leg doesn’t hurt. In fact, he can’t feel his feet at all. Makes walking a challenge.
about getting stabbed in the gut and clonked on the head in the same moment. The vague reassurances do not reassure. John’s been through a lot, he tells himself, and is no doubt simply tired, his body rebuilding itself.
He grimaced. “I did. I’m not sure why she thinks it’s necessary for us to assemble once more, simply to acknowledge the fact that we all acted in a now-defunct series.”
I knew that speaking my observations aloud was dangerous, but felt so resentful that I could not contain myself. My cousins stared at me, their mouths open. This was something they apparently had never heard, an insult directed at one of them. My aunt grabbed my ear and ushered me into my new room, a space in the servant’s wing, scarcely bigger than a closet. There I remained until morning.
John appeared in the doorway, wearing my second-best dressing gown. “A proper wedding?” He looked wary, and a bit wrathful. “We don’t want a wedding. We just want to get married.”
Besides, he’s been thinking about the stuff he left behind when he went to Afghanistan. It isn’t much; he’s never accumulated a lot of possessions, and none of it meant anything, but he remembers putting it into a couple of boxes and asking Harry if she would keep it for him. He should have asked her when he returned, but he was in hospital for a while. And the bedsit doesn’t have room for much. And then he just forgot.
He doesn’t talk much, but sometimes at night, when we’re lying together, he tells me things he thought about and dreamed about while he was gone. He tells me places he saw, the times he felt homesick. He’d thought he was ready for what it would take out of him, and was surprised at how hard it was to keep going.
“One night a man came to me for confession, and his voice told me that he was a murderer. It had been a long time since he had killed, but now he was dying and wished to confess what he had done.
The feeling of him in my arms lingers, even when I’m sitting in the kitchen with a cup of tea. Ella is right; there is something I should have told him. But now it doesn’t matter. I can admit it to myself, but it won’t do any good to say it out loud.
“Poetry?” I laughed. “You think I want poetry? No, I want this—” I grabbed Watson’s arse with both hands. “I want your lovely prick in my hand.” I groped his crotch and realised, with satisfaction, that he was already hard. I gripped it. “
John’s tongue resumed teasing, then swallowed his cock all at once, slipping back off with a wet-sounding pop. “You’re talking a lot. Is this a kink?” Immediately he began tonguing the slit.
And then what? Without a controlling manager guiding his interests, his depression spiralled out of control—
We traced Jonathan Small and the treasure to the Thames, where he had hired a steam launch. He and his companion, an Andaman pygmy with a blowpipe, led us on a chase. As the diminutive man was about to blow a dart at us, Watson shot him. Small was captured and the strong box containing the treasure was recovered. (Watson will spread these events over several chapters in his final version.)
He is a healer. Patients don’t always survive (god, how he knows that), but a healer will always try. He and Sherlock had something that began to limp and show distress, something that needs healing. That is what he must do. If it’s not recoverable, then he will mourn.
Smiling ruefully, he shook his head. “I’m afraid I’m not very good at that sort of thing. Greg says it’s simply a matter of pretending I’m enjoying it, but I’m apparently not a good enough actor to make people believe I like answering inane questions.”
He turns to Sally Donovan one day as Sherlock is making his survey of the wooded area where the victim was found strangled. Her eyes on the detective, Donovan is muttering under her breath. Clearly, she cannot stand the man.
He’s still wet and cold, but now he’s being lifted. A cab, perhaps. Suddenly it’s bright; people are shining lights into his eyes and asking him questions.
“‘Course not. I don’t think it would be a good direction for our characters, but I’d do it if they wrote it. We play all kinds of people we’re not. A lot of actors who’ve played gay characters are straight. And vice versa. Would it bother you?”
The answer was obvious. He’d been happy when he was Jason, a normal boy with friends, going to school, watching telly, doing homework. Sherlock had decided at an early age that he was never going to be normal, never going to have friends. But he had felt it, too, when it had been just Alex and Jason. There was something very normal and comforting about growing up like that, talking to each other in the dark from twin beds in a bedroom that was really just a set. He’d pretended it was real, and so had John.
“No. He was asleep on the sofa when I woke up, and I just went to work. We haven’t talked. But I think he was angry.”
On the pavement, I stand, waiting. Patience isn’t always rewarded— not until it’s been tested. Maybe I’ll have to come back tomorrow, and the next day, and the day after that. I will become a fixture if I have to.
, she said. His suit is charcoal grey with lavender pinstripes, (expensive, but obviously not on a level with Sherlock’s suits), and John guesses that they’re dining somewhere pricey. A
“It’s not an act,” he replied. “John was my friend… once. We were young then, and I know that people change, but I can’t understand why… Why he would do… that. I just want to understand.” The look on his face was, he hoped, honest. His feelings were real, and much as he wished he could pretend that this was just some problem to solve, he felt uncomfortably exposed.
. The boy in those productions looked happy, but what kind of life was that for a child? “He never had time to be a kid himself.”
I took his hand in mine. “And that is where I shall remain, old friend, now that I’m home. I’ve missed you too, dear Watson.”
He looks around and finally spots John across the gym, talking with one of the trainers, a man with abs so chiselled that— well, it looks as if he might have used an actual chisel to sculpt them. He’s smiling at John— no, he’s
Neither John nor I spoke. John was frowning, a puzzled crease appearing between his eyes. Though it wasn’t the moment for such thoughts, I was thinking how much I’d like to kiss that little crease. And other places.
“I don’t blame him,” he says at last. “But he could have chosen differently. Maybe he would have failed anyway, but he could have got a job and tried. He could have— well, it doesn’t matter now. He lived with his choices. I’ve made my own, I guess, and tried to do better, but I’m sure I’ve made mistakes too.”
If it hadn’t been for Mary, he would have understood what he’d only begun to see. She helped him, saved him even. But she was a distraction from the pain, not a cure.
This woman, however, was on a mission. She had arrived with a mystery for me to solve; she would leave today with a new goal: win John Watson’s affections. I could see it all happening, if I did not step in to prevent it.
“I don’t mind disaster,” said Lestrade. “Occasionally it provides a career boost. Just don’t go off the script, mate, no matter how idiotic it is. I’m pretty sure if you do, nobody will follow you. Right now, this is all about sticking together as a team. We’ve all got some stake in this going well.”
I’d thrown Lady Eva’s packet on the fire first, and it had been reduced to ashes. I had not found any papers with Watson’s name of them.
Sherlock didn’t know the answer to that. Mycroft had arranged all of his handlers, and hadn’t given Sherlock any say about them. When he resumed his acting career after uni and rehab, he went with Mike, the best possible choice since they knew one another. By then, he’d gotten past his drug problems and was serious about getting parts.
He takes his cane and exits the restroom. As he limps back to the table, he sees Sherlock handing his credit card to the waiter.
“As usual, you have missed everything of importance. This was a planned meeting, not a chance encounter. Milverton was not dressed for bed; he’d been awake, expecting someone. That person is your murderer, gentlemen.”
“I mean, don’t say everything you’re thinking out loud. Internal monologue, Sherlock, keep it inside your head. You’re trying to put this guy at ease, not make him feel like he’s under a microscope.”
“For those foolish and indiscreet enough to get caught,” Watson added, aiming a significant look at me.
to words that make it clear what they are. He’s embarrassed to talk about it, uncomfortable being confronted.
That was the final scene of the reunion script. Alex would come back to rescue Jason from the aliens, and in doing so, realise that he loved Holly. He suspected that Sherlock Holmes was meant to realise he loved Molly as well.
Monday after work, John goes to meet with the group for the first time. He’s worried about Sherlock, who hasn’t spoken to him since their abruptly-ended call. The few texts John has sent have gone unanswered. Clearly, there are a lot of things to work out. He hopes the group will help.
He’d been thinking of John and was emotionally on edge. His brain might have made the leap for those reasons, which meant his whole train of thought was just wishful thinking. He wanted John not to be dead, so he imagined the strange cabbie, possibly in disguise, was John. The event had created some kind of impression in his mind, which led to the dream.
“Mr Holmes was my pupil when I taught at Cambridge,” said Bellamy. ”I’m mostly retired now, though I teach a course or two at the University of London when they need me.” He eyed me with pleasure. “A brilliant mind. I’m so glad you have found a use for your talents, my dear man.”
He holds out his hand, takes mine and draws me close. I can feel his warmth through the coat he wears, the shabby old thing he’s had since we first met. He’s a young man, warm and beautiful and alive.
When he finally calls Harry, he feels guilty. She should have been the first person he called. Not that there is anyone else to call. He told Ella, because almost getting murdered is the sort of thing you tell your therapist, even if you don’t feel like talking about it. And he told David, his physiotherapist, because he’s not sure what happened to his leg that he can walk normally now. No pain at all.
Someone has taken the key from his hand and is fitting it into the lock. For a moment he wonders if he met someone at the pub and brought them home. If so, doesn’t remember. Would be hard to forget a thing like that, but there’s always a first time. And Watson is not a quitter; he has it in him to forget lots of things, when he sets his mind to it.
his handhold and hung upside down by his belt, like a fly caught in a spider’s web. Unfortunately he was on the wrong side of the fence.
It was actually the ideal place to commit suicide, if you wanted to tamp down speculation. Had John known this when he planned his trip there?
“Well, I hope you learned something from your close call with matrimony. Namely, that flattery works much better than telling a woman her prospects are dwindling because she is too old, too poor, and not interesting enough to tempt any man.”
A few months before he left for Japan, John had fired his old manager and gone with someone new. Giving no reason for the switch, he’d distanced himself from someone who’d known him since
I spent the rest of the day in a daze, seesawing between hope and despair, with random side trips into fear. I’d sent word to Mycroft that we needed to talk, but had not heard back from him. Not knowing what to do with myself, I began going through the flat methodically, observing what I could, applying all my skill to deducing what had happened to Watson.
? She had her own room, she tells him, until John was born and they moved a cot in for him. There was a garden out back where they used to play, where she got him to stand and take his first steps.
As you have probably suspected, bullying amongst students (with tragic results) is revealed in this chapter. Avoid if that makes you uncomfortable.
The waiter returns for his signature. John waits, trying to tamp down his embarrassment. This will not be the final humiliation; they will leave together, and the end of the evening must be acknowledged before John can go home and wallow in a mixture of misery and mortification.
It fit well enough, we decided. He still looked delectable in his dress trousers, I thought, which had been cut trimly enough to enhance his
It’s raining. I hadn’t even noticed. I look down and see that I have managed to get myself dressed properly. Not much else I remember. I’m on autopilot, some small part of my mind realising that clothing and shoes are required, food is necessary to keep my body alive. Breakfast? My stomach clenches. Not today.
The surgeon comes to talk with them. The gut wound bled a lot, but surprisingly the blade didn’t damage any major organs. He’ll be able to start a liquid diet soon, and then gradually start eating soft food. John will complain about that; Sherlock looks forward to it because it will mean that John is still John.
John opened his mouth to argue (with what he had no idea), but then Mycroft stood up, and placed his hand on John’s shoulder. He looked up at Mycroft, trying with all of his might to make his eyes plead for him to find a reason to stay.
Hello, long time no see! I changed my username from SaraHerbertWatson to SaraStarchild, because that fits me more. I also updated my bio on my profile, so if you want to check that out feel free.
It was as if Sherlock was waiting to get out of the rain to die. As soon as the clouds parted overhead, and the red rain stopped falling from the sky, the cannon burst. Harry, who had been talking to Sherlock on and off during their whole trip, trying to keep him awake and avoid tasting the metallic rain simultaneously, stopped dead in her tracks.
Harry’s hand trembled as she held the knife against Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock struggled to keep his own hand steady.
Sherlock swiftly flipped him off in reply, and John laughed, but then he suddenly realized something.
“Does that sound alright with you?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded, seeming distracted. John kissed him, simply pressing his lips to his, and Sherlock’s eyes focused on his. “Are you okay?” John asked.
Going into his hearing, Sherlock had no idea what to expect, apart from whatever Hannibal was planning. He hadn’t actually given it any thought at all, until now. He may have gotten past Hannibal’s question, but that still left him with thirty-two questions left to answer. He knew that John and Harry’s (and possibly Louise’s) questions wouldn’t be too harrowing, and there were a handful of people who had asked the same question to every other person during their hearings and couldn’t imagine them changing their question for him, now, which meant he could possibly predict seven questions, which left twenty-five questions unknown to Sherlock.
“Yep; that’s your Uncle Myc, Hamish,” John replied from the other side of the almost-three-year-old boy, their recently-adopted, seven-month-old daughter, Rosamund Eurus Holmes-Watson, cooing gently from her place in the carrier that was strapped to John’s chest.
John stepped back, suddenly wanting to get out of the hallway as quickly as possible. He crossed his arms over his chest, placing his fist defensively over his burn.
“We’re heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeere,” Mycroft announced conversationally, leaving his office and peeking his head into the room where Sherlock and John were eating a very late breakfast.
John watched Sherlock and Louise leave, and then turned around to watch Dean talking with each person who had went to him once the meeting was dismissed, showing a piece of paper to whoever asked or nodding and shaking the hands of whoever volunteered to help sort through the Avoxes’ files or join his screening panel. Dean looked up and caught John’s eye, and smiled apologetically, and John shrugged. He was the President, now; this was to be expected.
Another thing John noticed over the course of the hearings, and that was that a few people had found a regular pattern in their questions, by this point – asking each person the same question, no matter who it was. Someone always asked if the questioned person felt like they deserved their freedom, and another person always asked about who they most regretted killing in the Hunger Games, if anyone. Dean had taken to asking each person about their future, and Clover was no exception:
His name was Sherlock Holmes. He was eighteen years old. He was getting high in his bedroom. It was eleven thirty-six in the morning. Fifteen hours, thirty-two minutes, twelve seconds.
Did he even want to tell him this? He could see himself doing it, like a third party watching from above, lying in the darkened bedroom in the late hours of the night, talking to his boyfriend about his dead brother and the sexual relationship he had with his best friend, and it all seemed so…final. Like if he kept from having the conversation from John there in that context, maybe it wouldn’t put the final nail into Mycroft’s coffin. Except it wouldn’t be the final nail – reading the letter from Mycroft would be.
“Later,” Sherlock muttered back, as the doors opened again, and Dean and Hannibal stepped through the doors.
He found his eyes burning with tears at the thought of the memory, at the thought of nine year old Sherlock, shorter than John at the time, his face scrunched up and bawling, glaring at his shoes to hide the fact. That was the very first time Sherlock had ever apologized to him, ever apologized in general, but that was also the first time Sherlock had shown John that he cared, that he
Shit, was it that obvious that he had been crying? He had tried not to – he had tried to keep it together as best he could, but when Harry had tried to make light of their goodbye (“Please don’t start crying, because if
It was soon that they decided that, since they weren’t going to sleep, they might as well go back to the party in the City Circle. They had expected to be relatively alone in the Circle, but apparently everyone had listened to Sherlock informing Harry that tomorrow would hold the finale, and the Circle was nearly packed with people in anticipation, not wanting to miss a single moment.
There was only one thing John was absolutely sure about, one thing he knew the outcome of, and that was that Sherlock was going to die. The only question was whether he was going to die alongside Harry by Magnussen’s hand, or for Harry by his own.
When John finally did arrive at the penthouse, Mycroft was in his bedroom, the door locked, and the lights out.
John asked loudly, hating the glaringly obvious lump growing in his throat as he spoke. “And what, you didn’t think to tell us?”
“But Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock looked at him to find his face had paled – like he was afraid – “He knew. About everything.”
“More pissed than I’ve ever seen her before,” John replied. “Normally she’s loud when she’s mad but just now...”
“How are you doing?” Mycroft finally asked one night, sitting at the kitchen table as Sherlock passed by to fetch a glass of water. He spoke quickly, as if he was trying to get the words out before he changed his mind.
He only finally turned away from the cannibal when he had to walk back up the aisle to his seat, where a very angry John Watson was waiting for him.
(I think I ended up taking this bit out but the Johncroft hashtags are my favorite running joke in the bloopers so it's staying)
“It’s nine twenty-five,” he announced. “I’m going to leave and John’s going to come in to...to see you off. But before I go – before you go out there...” he placed both of his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, making sure that Sherlock was listening closely. “You are so very smart, Sherlock Holmes. You must
The nervousness of Sherlock and his sister going into the Arena bypassed his fear for himself last year by miles – something he didn’t even know was possible. It didn’t matter that he was sleeping next to Sherlock, anymore – every night he had nightmares of clones of past victors killing them over and over again, and the next morning he’d wake up to watch more past Games, to inspire the next night’s dreams.
“Turn it down,” he ordered, his voice grave, and Sherlock turned his drip down a notch, just to make Mycroft happy.
There were three previous victors from District Nine to meet them – five in all, but two of them had passed. One was in his early forties, with a few missing fingers and nightmares that still haunted him every night; the second one was in her late twenties, her hair cropped short since her waist-long hair almost cost the woman her life in her Arena; the third one, though, was only a year older than John – last year’s winner of the Games, Sherlock realized moments before Mycroft introduced them.
“I was just thinking, back when I was little, our teachers would warns us about tracker jackers... They always warned us not to get caught in a swarm because we wouldn’t survive...”
“Why do you have it?” Sherlock asked, still glancing back and forth between Dean and the key. “Why did he give it to you?”
Everyone turned to the door in a single motion, and found someone who Sherlock never would have expected to be this close in proximity to Harry Watson again: Clara Coleman.
“Open it,” John told her, and she pressed the knob on the top, popping it open like a pocket watch, revealing two photos: on one side, John and their parents, and on the other, Sherlock and Mycroft. “So you’ll always have us.”
And it was at that moment Sherlock fully realized the weight of something that John had merely glossed over in his story.
“Oh – oh, right!” John said, suddenly remembering Alexander’s Arena. “I remember you – Mycroft had us all watch a bunch of past Games in preparation for – you were trying to save one of the twelve-year-olds and your leg got trapped under a falling boulder. You cut off your own leg –”
I have far from given up - it's just taking me a bit longer than I thought I would. And I keep procrastinating. I'm writing a calmer, less-action-filled, slower, wrap-up-loose-ends bit of the story and it's slow-going. Not to mention the fact that what I wanted to do in the middle of the story (what I've already written), is not what I
I was going to write a miniseries about the life and times of Hamish and Rosie Holmes-Watson, but I changed my mind. I did have a bunch of little tidbits about it so I'll share them now:
Within five minutes, he was in the stairwell of the training center, racing up the stairs, shouting as he searched through the Avoxes who passed him by, his voice bouncing up the walls.
And John, Sherlock, and Harry stepped out of the train, and were greeted with a mix of applause, cries, and the salute that the members of District 12 had given to Sherlock and Harry during their reaping ceremony. Some people even ran up and hugged the three teenagers – some of them John could recognize, like Mrs. Monroe and the mayor’s daughter, Madge, and maybe a couple of John’s past teachers or classmates.
“Congratulations, both of you, on your win,” he said to Mycroft, and then peeked behind him to talk to John. “I wanted to apologize for my brother’s behavior; I had no idea –”
“There you are!” Mrs. Hudson cried, and Sherlock and Harry looked up and saw Mycroft approaching them. “You
“They grew up,” Sherlock replied, his voice so steady and sure if itself, as if he had been thinking of the same thing and had already come up with an answer. Then, after another moment or two, his voice came quietly, giving John’s hand a small squeeze, as if he was afraid to say it. “I can’t stay here, anymore.”
He wasn’t sure where Mycroft was at this point – probably in the chaos trying to find them – but he knew the last place he saw Alexander – backstage. With any luck, he’d still be there. And, seeing as he had shown up for the final interview in the Peacekeeper get up, he surely knew of Mycroft’s plan, and of where to take them.
Hannibal’s eyes flickered with amusement in a way that was so eerily familiar to his brother that it made Sherlock’s stomach churn.
Dean and Alma Coin (who have just met for the first time that night) are both talking and discussing the night and how successful it was, when Sherlock and everyone else enters the room and everyone applauds them. The second Dean sees Sherlock and sees the thousand-yard-stare this boy has adopted, along with the fact that he looks like he's spent most of his night sobbing, and he and John
Sherlock was touched, just for a second, before he reminded himself that John probably was just the wall Dean bounced the idea off of. He didn’t think about Sherlock –
The Gamemaker’s control room (which Mycroft kept calling the Hunger Games hub), Seneca Crane’s office, and the conference room were located in the same building the interviews with Caesar Flickerman always took place in – just on the upper floors, completely blocked off to anyone who wasn’t a Gamemaker or a mentor.
“She just smiled and hugged me, and told me there was nothing wrong with me, that I could like anyone I wanted to, as long as they liked me back. And I just...I’ve been thinking about that a lot, in here. What I was afraid of then, compared to what I’m afraid of now.”
“John, this is Louise Neal; the victor of last year’s Games,” he said, placing his hand on the shoulder of the girl with the dark, jaw-line length curly hair, an eyebrow piercing, and tattooed freckles just under her eyes. “Louise, this is John Watson,” he went on, as she put out her hand, flashing a smile at him.
“Your name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes, you are from District Twelve, your brother is Mycroft Holmes, both of your parents are deceased, and you are asexual with a possible exception to John Watson,” he began, and Sherlock’s eyes widened at the last statement. “You have thousands of pressure points, including John Watson, Mycroft Holmes, Harriet Watson, your mother, Jim Moriarty, Morphling, sex, and...my brother and me, apparently – I’m flattered. But...” he looked him over once more. “The answer is no.”
“Hello, Sherlock,” Mycroft whispered back. Sherlock could have sworn his voice was wet, but when they finally broke apart, Mycroft was back to being his usual all-business self. “Sit. Eat,” he said, gesturing to the chair across the table, and Sherlock obeyed, hands still shaking as he filled his plate. “You should –”
And, even though John would never wish that amount of pain on anyone, that was the only thing that kept him from running back onto the train and never returning to District 12 ever again.
“Yeah – after my Games – a month or two after we all came back to Twelve – you and Harry had gone back to school but it was before the Monroe’s had offered to let me work in their office. I was home alone and Mycroft came over to visit and at first he just seemed to just be checking on me, but on his way out... He turned to me and told me that if I broke your heart, or if I hurt you in any way, he would, in his exact words, make me ‘regret leaving the Arena alive,’” John chuckled again at the memory.
So I wrote this and I pretty much HATED IT from the start, by the time it reached my beta reader at the time I asked her what she thought of it and basically the consensus was that it was creating unnecessary drama and to just take it out. BUT I KEPT IT? I regret many things. A Better deleted scene will be posted next week!
“Unlock their cells. Keep them blended with the others. Understood?” he asked her, and she nodded. “That’s my girl,” he muttered, and kissed Lavinia’s forehead. “Thank you.”
“Ah,” Louise said, and began to sit back down, but Harry placed her hand on Louise’s arm to stop her.
Since the night of the rebellion, Sherlock’s deductions, if they came to him at all, burst into his mind sporadically and without warning. Every thought he had seemed to just appear to him, now, with or without his consent. Before that night, Sherlock thought that he couldn’t control his deductions – he couldn’t turn them off and he couldn’t turn his mouth off, even when his life depended on it. But now, Sherlock knew that lacking a filter was nothing compared to the way his mind worked now: like a pile of matches he kept striking against the box, anxiously waiting for the match to strike before it was deemed useless and tossed aside. And even then, keeping the fire alight for long enough for the thought to make the journey from his once-beautiful brain to his accursed mouth was nearly impossible.
“Well, we can’t go from the train to the mayor’s house in our pajamas,” John said as Sherlock began to put the sheet back over the mirror.
“Alexander,” John gasped out a sigh, not realizing until now that he had been holding his breath all this time.
“Of course I am. You’ve seen what he can do.” They sat in silence for a few moments, watching the aftermath of Hannibal’s Games, and then Mycroft spoke again. “Did you know the Magnussen brothers had a sister?” he asked.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asked, and Mycroft shook his head, silencing him as he led him to the door to the backstage.
“When have we ever worried about that, really?” Sherlock asked, and John laughed a little louder, even though he probably could give him the last time he worried about that down to the exact second. “I mean, your best friend actively tries to piss off the Capitol and break as many rules as possible as an alternative for getting high – that’s me, by the way; hello –” he said, but was cut off by John’s kiss.
All too soon, the announcement went over the intercom: two minutes until launch, all tributes stand on their launch plate. It was then Sherlock let go of John, pressing his hands into his eyes, trying to keep more of his tears from streaming out.
Mycroft would call in his spookiest voice, pretending he didn’t know where exactly where his brother was.
Harry catches Sherlock up on what he missed while he was unconscious; the final six tributes are announced.
He made sure he was never in the same room alone with Harry. He had no idea what to even say to her, but he knew that she had quite a few things to say to him. He didn’t want to hear it – it would make the whole thing seem more real than it already was. It was difficult enough to talk about it every day between the four of them.
“Could you explain how my brother assaulted you in detail?” he asked, and Sherlock’s body froze at the sound of the words. “I’m sure we’re all curious as to what exactly happened that day –”
Mycroft nodded, and John could tell he wanted to voice that he also was a big supporter of the idea of sleep-snacking and laughed, and Mycroft failed to stifle the smile on his face and began chuckling too.
“Why you?” he asked, his voice breaking. “I know you were his mentor but why did he trust you this much? With the Rebellion, with Panem, with me? He could’ve trusted me –”
And suddenly, Sherlock didn’t want to touch anything in the room – he wanted to walk right back out and never enter it again, just to keep the room untouched – to keep Mycroft there.
All day, no matter how much he scrubbed and scratched at his body or how tightly he squeezed his eyes shut, he couldn’t get the image out of his mind. And it showed, apparently – as soon as Harry and Sherlock left, Mycroft turned to John.
“My mother,” he added, breaking the silence, before he even realized the words passing through his head.
“Dean was Mycroft’s best friend?” John asked without thinking, confused. #JOHNCROFT LIVES #EVEN THOUGH MYCROFT’S DEAD
turning himself in but I was happy that we weren’t going to have to worry about him for the rest of our lives. But then...”
He wandered into his room – it felt like wandering, even though he had been within these walls for almost two weeks straight – and was in no way surprised when he found a white box on his bed, marked MORPHLING in bold, black letters. In fact, he had asked for them, nearly ten minutes before.
“I – I don’t think this is a good idea – if a hovercraft flies over –” Sherlock started, but John cut him off.
“Let him,” Sherlock ordered, his voice no louder than a whisper. “I’m sorry, Harry. Just...just let him.”
He liked Alexander – they both had a disability in common and Alexander actually made it seem normal (which was something John had no idea how to even begin to do). He had a charm to him that made John want to be his friend, and a personality and sense of humor that made him forget about the tragedy in his life, if only for a moment.
I've had a really good week. I worked like 40 hours this week, I made a phone call (and I'm autistic and have phone anxiety so that shit is DIFFICULT), and I just feel really good about myself and shit.
Instead, he spoke when spoken to, and repeated the last line of John’s letter to him in his head, like a mantra he needed in order to breathe:
“When I woke up, he was there. He lowered the pain meds going into my IV so I’d wake up from the pain –”
“Are you alright?” he asked, trying to assist John with attaching his prosthetic back to its rightful place, but John refused the help and did it on his own.
Sherlock took a moment to ponder how someone could get close enough to Hannibal Magnussen without being killed on the spot; how difficult it must have been to make sure Hannibal couldn’t touch the people around him while being close enough for them to touch him.
“Let them,” Harry muttered, grabbing a spoon and plunging it into the bowl of food. “Honestly, I don’t see how they expect us to eat all this shit at a time like this, anyway.” And with that, she flung the stuff onto the door’s window.
“She’s just doing her job,” John said. “She probably doesn’t have any idea what she’s actually doing.”
John gently squeezed Sherlock’s hand, snapping him out of his trance. He looked up at John, his eyes exhausted, but, despite all that, he smiled, and rested his head on John’s shoulder.
The next morning, John watched as they approached District 11, trying to memorize the words on the card Mrs. Hudson gave him. The District supplied all of Panem’s crops, so it made sense the place looked like a gigantic farmland. Though it was winter, it did not snow here like it did in District Twelve. The fields of crops went on as far as John’s eyes could see – fields and fields of food and plants and trees, and people working to harvest that food.
I followed Sherlock out with glee as I saw how happy he was to back in the field, no matter how simple he found this strange problem.
The two men exchanged a look before Mycroft stated with a pinched expression, “We may have a lead, and possibly a plan…”
“Odd certainly, though I expect I will have the answers Mr Wilson is looking for by this time tomorrow.”
She laughed a little but then her expression sobered, “Okay, I'm sorry. It's just... you’re in love! With Sherlock Holmes, of all people!”
“I have attempted to trace the message that Moran sent to Sherlock’s blog, with limited success,” Mycroft said, adjusting his grip on the handle of his umbrella, “I have determined that he is located somewhere in the United Kingdom, however, it was impossible to pinpoint an exact location. He covered his tracks well.”
As Sherlock moved closer to us, he said with a slight tremble in his voice, “Given the nature of his threat, we must assume that he is close by, probably in London somewhere.”
Sherlock pulled away slightly and shifted his weight a little in awkwardness, “Listen, I know I haven’t ‘officially’ said it, or anything but…”
I laughed and shook my head, “It’s just… I’m so confused because I’ve never had an attraction to men before, or at least I don't think I have. Surely it's too late for me to be having an identity crisis! But Sherlock… I don’t know what it is about him but, he’s the most amazing person I’ve ever met.”
He looked down at our hands, catching a glimpse of his watch. He pulled his hands back and moved away from me, “Lestrade’s late. Where is he?”
I returned and handed the plate to Sherlock before sitting next to him on the couch. He started to nibble at one piece under my watchful gaze. We sat like that in silence for a while until my gaze wandered to the piece of Sherlock’s bare chest that I could see from between the material of his dressing gown.
Mycroft cleared his throat slightly and adjusted his tie, “If we do this, I will use every resource at my disposal to ensure his safety…”
Placing myself in Sherlock’s line of sight, I placed my hands on his shoulders, “Sherlock? Darling, look at me, we’re going to be alright okay? Sherlock? Please, love, say something…”
Greg approached us, shaking his head and smiling at us with bemused relief, “You know, you two really do worry me sometimes.”
Greg moved forwards with purpose to seize it, the other Holmes however stayed back hesitantly, blackberry clutched loosely in his hand. I wanted to comfort him, tell him his brother was not going to be ruined by this piece of shit of a man, but I was only just able to tell myself that, let alone voice it aloud.
I nodded, "Okay, I'll just tell him that you're dealing with PTSD symptoms after being held captive. Is that okay?"
“Sherlock,” I called before he could disappear into the bedroom. He stopped and raised an eyebrow at me.
I laughed breathlessly and asked him to pass me some tissues. He did and watched closely as I cleaned myself up, throwing the soiled tissues away afterwards. I went to do up my pants again but Sherlock stopped my hand, taking in my entire body.
“My conclusion is that ever since I got back, you have become more emotionally attached and even physically attracted to me,” Sherlock concluded.
Hands were grabbing at me, pulling me away from the vile excuse for a human being that deserved everything I could throw at him and more. As I was being frantically pulled away from Moran, I managed to land one last blow with the knee of my uninjured leg into his groin with such force that he collapsed to the ground. My official diagnosis was that Moran was left with a severe concussion, a broken nose, a fractured jaw and probably a testicular rupture.
I raised a questioning brow at him before looking around to see how much attention he was attracting. Sherlock turned back to the tobacconist’s shop, entering the shop and taking in every detail. I followed him, hanging back as he approached the young man behind the counter.
I thought about my answer carefully before replying: 'Yeah, I’m fine. Just want 2 talk. We haven’t spoken in a while & I need to get something off my chest. I think u r the only 1 who will understand.'
“No! That’s not enough time to prepare an organized strike and you know it Mycroft,” Sherlock said gravely, locking eyes with his brother, “If this isn’t carried off with absolute precision, we’ll lose him again. And if we wait long enough to prepare properly but we don’t show up to meet him, Moran will know something’s wrong and vanish. I can’t let that happen!”
“Mycroft,” I said wearily, it was only ten in the morning and I already felt exhausted, “Do you need something?”
‘Don’t worry! He’s never done this before either, u can both learn at the same time! This may sound strange but you could watch male porn to help…’
“What Moran did,” he explained in a defiant voice that shook only slightly. “As I understand it, sexual acts should be undertaken with consent and should induce pleasure for both parties. What was done to me was neither.”
I looked to Mycroft with what must have been a wild look of desperation and horror because he paled and leaned on his umbrella for support, “Moran…”
He was clumsy and unsure at first, but I kept moving my lips slowly over his until he caught up and realised what to do. As he relaxed into these chaste kisses, I decided to go further, daring to flick my tongue across his bottom lip. Sherlock pulled back slightly in shock, running his own tongue over where mine had been moments before. I chuckled through my nose, as he tried to figure out what was happening. I moved in again, tongue darting out to taste him once more.
It started off as a peaceful melody and I found myself quite content to lie in my flat mate’s bed listening until it started to take a more disturbing turn. The notes became all minors, flats and sharps, and the way Sherlock was playing becoming more erratic and violent with each stroke of the bow.
As Lestrade’s officers got in place around the door, Sherlock hung back with his mouth set in a firm line. Lestrade opened the door and the officers piled into the vault, leaving us on either side of the door. What we found was a most peculiar sight; three men, one with the most outrageous ginger hair, one was Vincent Spaulding and the other a nondescript plain sort of fellow, all standing with bags of money next to a hole in the floor.
He sighed, playing distractedly with the hem of my undershirt, “It’s just, I don’t know it’s hard to describe. I feel so out of control. I want to help with finding Him, but my brain won’t let me. I keep telling myself it’s just another case but when I start thinking about ways to solve it I just, freeze or something.”
Harry smiled, "Yeah. I felt like she was it, you know? I couldn't imagine being without her... I'm just so glad that she forgave me when I got clean."
Moran advanced on me and I tensed, but the sound of cocking firearms stilled any movements I may have made. Moran slid his disgusting hands over my body as he frisked me, his touch lingering and sickening as he searched me slowly and deliberately. I refused to squirm under his repulsive hands and clenched my jaw against the slew of vulgar insults threatening to slip from my mouth.
I understood her point, but guy on guy porn? I wasn’t sure I could do that. I said I would think it over and that I would talk to her later. By this time, Sherlock had closed his laptop (which I think was actually mine) and had gotten to his feet.
As he said this, he dropped his head in his hands with a groan. I looked over to Harry who was watching worriedly, “Can you get some water and painkillers? There should be some in the top cupboard.”
His brow furrowed, “Because, this shift in our relationship, I think needs addressing now that I am making a recovery.”
We sat in comfortable silence until I realised something. I leant closer to Sherlock and said quietly, “Sherlock?”
I licked experimentally all around the shaft as Sherlock became a quivering, moaning mess beneath me, until I found the vein underneath. I remember liking it when girls had done it to me so I started to pull off slowly, dragging my tongue against the vein as I went. Sherlock started panting my name like a mantra as I started bobbing up and down, taking his cock deeper with every thrust and rubbing my own cock against the bed for some kind of friction. He was so hard inside my mouth, I hadn’t noticed before but his cock had a pleasant curve to it that made it fit in my throat deliciously.
I blinked, once again flabbergasted into silence. I opened and closed my mouth a few times but no sound came out. I’m sure I looked ridiculously like a goldfish as I sat there struggling to find an answer to such a startling comment.
This was a dangerous area to be with Sherlock as I had discovered previously so I didn’t spend too much time there, moving further down instead to graze my teeth along his pale thighs, purposefully avoiding the one area which wanted attention. His beautiful cock was straining against his belly and started leaking little beads of pre-come as I rolled his testicles between my fingers.
“It was just like you said; the adrenaline was a little too much. I thought I could handle it as soon as I knew what was going on but… it seems I was mistaken. I just had a momentary lapse, that’s all. It wasn’t anything major.”
As we waited for a response from Moran, Mrs. Hudson took it upon herself to make tea and coffee. The rest of us had no idea what to do with ourselves; the tension in the room was palpable.
I was brought back to reality as Sherlock finished his soup and pushed his bowl away. He had a bit more colour in his cheeks now so as I cleaned up, I decided to call Harry later and arrange to meet up with her.
I waited all day and pretty soon it was getting dark. Still I waited, I don’t know for how long, and still he did not return. I was extremely sore from sitting in my chair for so long, so for about the hundredth time that day, I got up and paced around the living room.
After Sherlock had dressed himself (quite slowly), I went back into his room and looked him over once again. He still looked pale and shaky but at least he was clothed which was a relief to me. I placed my palm against his forehead and asked him how he felt.
Despite the slight tremor that I could still detect in the hand against my cheek, Sherlock smiled at me with a hint of his old charismatic ‘Sherlock’ smile, and in that moment, I felt like we might just get through this and be okay. I couldn’t help but smile back at him with some of the mad energy we share whenever we’re on a ridiculous adventure. He kissed me softly and I revelled in the fresh, minty tase of his mouth, treasuring this quiet moment before we charged into danger once more. At least this time, Sherlock would not be facing it alone, as he had done those long years that we were apart.
That was putting it mildly. At that moment I felt so lost. Everything I thought I knew was wrong. I wasn’t the man I thought I had been for almost forty years.
The sight was such a shock that I had to clamp a hand over my mouth to stop myself gasping in horror. Who could have done this to him? My Sherlock?
He shook his head and clutched at his chest as though he were in pain. His began almost hyperventilating and muttering, “No, no, no…”
“Did you open the door for me because you were being a gentleman or because you wanted to catch a glimpse of my arse?” I asked suspiciously.
“Jesus,” he muttered, before placing it on the desk for Mycroft to see. “I’ll get my guys on it right away, see if we can trace where it came from. Maybe we’ll be able to get a lead.”
I was so shocked that I was completely speechless. Sherlock grabbed my other hand and wrapped it vigorously around the back of his own neck, before pulling it to run down his side, making him shiver, all the while still rocking into the hand that he held at his crotch.
He stepped back and smirked, “I’m so glad you followed my instructions, and how very good you were too.”
He hadn't been eating, which granted isn't unusual for Sherlock, but he stood up from his armchair one day and swayed dangerously, all the blood draining from his face. For his body to betray him like that was another very bad sign.
Sherlock looked back at me suspiciously, “It was odd. Like it wasn’t me who was controlling my limbs… but it was nice…”
A pained look filled Sherlock’s eyes and he looked away from me in shame, “Yes. Moran knew and… well, I suppose it was just another way to make me suffer. Something else he could take from me…”
Sherlock fell completely silent as I started lapping up the fluid from the slit, dipping my tongue in and out. I glanced up at Sherlock to see him gaping at me wide eyed. I pulled away slightly, squeezing the base of his cock and massaging his balls and prostate slightly harder.
When I got no reply once again, I staggered over to the couch and lay down on it. I lay there, counting the patterns on the wallpaper for a very long time and I was just beginning to drift off to sleep when I saw a silhouette at the top of the stairs.
I beamed at him and shook my head, capturing his lips once more. This relationship was going to be trickier than I had anticipated…
Sherlock looked at me with wide eyes full of a mixture of worry, anger and even a hint of fear, “Why did you tell Mrs Hudson?”
“Here you are dear,” she said kindly as she offered the beverage to me as I sat on the edge of the bed. I noticed it was in my Royal Army Medical Corps mug and felt the corner of my mouth twitch upwards.
There have been numerous incidents like this over the last few weeks, Sherlock would drop things from his hands shaking too much, his eyes would glaze over and he would become distant for fractions of a second before coming back to reality, or play his violin much sloppier than normal, small things that most people wouldn't notice; but I did.
Approaching Sherlock and touching him would be a dangerous move as the consulting detective was completely engrossed in his music and would be threatened in his currently vulnerable state. I decided knocking was the safest bet.
I didn’t say anything, I just sat there, waiting for him to deduce that I wasn’t leaving until I had the truth. He looked me over and sighed, running a hand through his midnight curls.
Sherlock cleared his throat and said shakily, "Yes, he should know. He's been there for me when I was... um, you know, using... by this point he's seen me at my worst anyway. Just don't tell him anything specific. It's bad enough that Mycroft knows everything..."
I nodded, turning to Sherlock, "You hear that love? We're going to hunt down Sebastian Moran, and when we find him, I'm going to put a bullet between his eyes."
Alarm bells started going off now in my brain, not that they weren’t before but they were dampened by the fuzzy arousal and desire I was feeling for the man writhing on top of me. I moved a hand to still his hips and moved the other to his face, “Sherlock, stop. Tell me what’s wrong so that I can give you what you need.”
Gosh another chapter! Wonders will never cease! I am glad people are still enjoying this story after so long, thanks all!
“Mrs Hudson there had better be an extremely good reason for you standing in the doorway of our bedroom gawking at us.” I could feel his deep voice rumble through his chest, making me smile.
After my limbs started functioning again, I rolled of Sherlock, cringing at the mess we'd made. Sherlock hummed and licked slowly at the warm, sticky liquid on my belly. I chuckled, running my dry hand through his frankly impressive sex hair. I cleaned Sherlock up as he continued licking the come off my torso. He hummed again before pressing his lips to mine. I could taste the mingled flavours of us on his tongue; it was so satisfyingly dirty that I wondered why I hadn’t ventured into the realm of men earlier.
“Don’t be sorry, John,” Sherlock whispered back, voice cracking slightly. “It’s not you. I just, I want you… I want to be close to you but…”
Looking back now, I think it was because I was so happy to know he was there, safe and sound from the horrors he experienced, and that I was there to protect him. But at the time, my happiness confounded me; I couldn’t understand why having Sherlock’s long legs resting in my lap would make me smile. I then remembered my talk with Mrs Hudson and tried my hardest not to pay attention to the consulting detective, who continued fidgeting and sighing very loudly, inevitably drawing my attention back to him no matter how hard I tried.
Sherlock sighed theatrically, “As usual John, you are completely wrong! I’m the lucky one. You’ve taken such good care of me over the last months. I was so lost and you were so amazing. You are the most wonderful person I’ve ever met. I’ve never known anyone like you John.”
She cocked her head to the side in confusion, “Why wouldn’t it be? He might feel the same! That’s good, isn’t it?”
Harry sat and waited patiently for me to begin, as she had done so many times before during the past three years. Now that I was here having this conversation, I had no idea how to phrase what I wanted desperately to get off my chest.
Mrs. Hudson smiled as she noticed my reaction, “Sherlock said this was your favourite mug and insisted I use it. He’s a good boy… only when it suits him of course!”
I drank him in as I sipped on my tea; with the light reflecting on one side of his face from the café, he looked positively angelic. His cheek was in shadow below his cheekbone and his grey eyes were shining. Then I noticed something worrying.
When Sherlock froze, I came rocketing back to reality, all arousal induced fuzziness disappeared from my mind and I let go of Sherlock’s arse instantly.
I recognised the same symptoms as before; he was having another flashback but this one was a lot more severe. Sherlock was shaking so badly that his knees buckled under him and he crumpled to all fours.
Suddenly the room was blindingly bright as fluorescent lights flashed on. Sherlock and I both had to shade our eyes for a split second as we adjusted to the harsh light. By the time we looked back up, we had been surrounded by men dressed in black and armed with guns who were spread over both the ground floor and the mezzanine.
‘Hello, my pet. It’s lovely to hear from you! I hope you and your little doctor friend are well. How nice of him to clean you up, just for me… like a fresh canvas waiting for the touch of an artist.’
I could feel slight bumps on the bones of his wrists and could tell that they had been fractured at some point, then healed in a haphazard manner leaving slight lumps where the injury had been located.
Once again, I am new to the smut writing business so I hope this is good. I'm happy with it so I hope you guys enjoy! :)
I sighed dejectedly and rolled over onto my side. My thoughts where whizzing around in my head for some time after that until I finally fell into a fitful sleep, filled with horrible dreams about how Sherlock had gotten that scar…
I smirked and started thrusting gently up into Sherlock where he was resting in my lap, “It was nice, I wasn’t complaining, I kind of like you horny, you were all controlling and it was very hot.”
He cleared his throat and looked at me briefly before returning his gaze to the violin in his hands, “Listen, John… I’m sorry about last night. I didn’t want you to see that. I lost control yesterday and…”
Sherlock nodded lazily and promptly buried himself under the sheets with a roll of his eyes. I grabbed my discarded pyjamas from the floor and hurried off to the shower.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I didn’t mean it like that… I just want to keep you safe,” I said, approaching him slowly.
Harry chuckled, but she spoke softly, "It's not, though. Sometimes you think you're in love but you don't realise what love actually is until you meet the right person..."
Moran turned and began to descend the metal stairs leading down to the ground floor, “Now, now Sherlock, I thought I taught you better than that. It seems you’ve forgotten some of the lessons I taught you during our time together. But no matter, we’ll just have to start from scratch.”
I looked into his exhausted face and gave in, wrapping my arms around him gently and kissing his bare chest, before leading him to bed. We got under the covers and I held him tight, combing my hand though his curls and whispering sweet nothings to him until he fell asleep.
“Oh… Jesus…” I realised why he had jumped at my touch in that sensitive area. He had been sexually abused by Moran for god knows how long. I could hardly breathe. This was more than I could ever have imagined.
I smiled, glad to hear that I was on the right track. I licked and nipped at his beautiful hipbones, making Sherlock wriggle beneath me as his breath became more irregular. I moved to the bulge in his pants, breathing hot air onto it and rubbing my cheek across the fabric clad tip.
If I wasn’t already breathless from my exploration of Sherlock’s flesh I certainly was now. The sentiment was such a surprise that I could not convey my feelings any other way than placing a tender, loving kiss to his perfect lips. It was slow and thorough and when I pulled away, Sherlock was staring at me wide eyed, as though he completely understood what I just told him, without saying a word. I pushed him back down gently, kissing him again but with more rigour.
“I will see if I can find out anything from the message. In the meantime, I will coordinate with the Yard in order to place 221B under surveillance and protection.”
“Something boring that you most certainly will not be interested in,” he said matter-of-factly without looking up.
“That’s great John! That sound like a compliment to me, albeit a Sherlock-style one,” Harry said with a grin.
She shrugged, “At first I thought he might be bad for you, but now I see he’s the best thing that could’ve happened to you. I see the way you look at him, and I see how happy he makes you. So for what it’s worth, you have my blessing.”
I tried my best to soothe him, rocking him, rubbing his back, stroking his hair, shushing him and reassuring him that everything would be alright. But the truth was, I had no idea what we were going to do, if it was really going to be alright. He had been doing so well and everything had been good until that weasel ruined everything...
We made our way up the stairs and I called Sherlock’s name as we entered the living room. He looked up like a startled cat, eyes wide, and said “You’re back!”
I always felt terrible for reminding him of what happened but at the same time, I knew that I couldn’t keep apologising for wanting to be close to him. Sherlock always told me that it was fine, that he would get over it eventually but I wondered sometimes, if only for a moment, that perhaps we couldn’t get past his trauma.
Moran looked furious for a split second before bursting into another fit of grating laughter, “And what exactly are you planning to do? You’re surrounded and outnumbered. There is no way for the two of you to get out of here by yourselves and by the time big brother can rally the troops, we’ll be long gone. Once again, he will be too late to swoop in and save you.”
I shook my head; of course she’d want to know details. I sent one back, saying it was amazing but that my physical wants were scaring me a little. She replied almost immediately:
I ran my hand over it and could tell that it had been dislocated. I guessed that was probably from the escape too but I didn’t say anything in case he closed up on me completely. I then moved down to his abdomen.
The car ride back to Baker Street was silent and tense but I decided to leave Sherlock to his thoughts, allowing him to calm down some more before I broached the unfortunate subject. When we were both back in the flat I decided to take the plunge. I followed Sherlock to the bedroom and leant against the door frame, clearing my throat.
Sherlock came over to the couch and sat down next to me, placing his hands on my shoulder and rubbing gently. I hummed in pleasure as he expertly worked at the stiffness in the old wound. I hissed when he pressed too hard in the wrong place, earning a mumbled apology in my ear. I shrugged my shoulders and turned to face Sherlock.
“I know, but Sherlock is so stubborn that he won’t admit anything’s wrong with him let alone stop working,” I replied.
I turned towards him with a crooked smile on my face, one that he matched. I nuzzled my face into the skin of his shoulder that was exposed to me, inhaling deeply, “Alright, good. Are you feeling a bit better than before?”
“Oh shit…” I said dazedly, realising that it really was a lot of blood as I slumped to the side, feeling suddenly lightheaded.
I swallowed nervously, not wanting to ask but finding that I had to know, “Where you a virgin before… well, you know.”
Sherlock stopped suddenly and rested his head against me, sighing cold air over my now sensitised nipple, making it even more erect. I stroked his hair, ignoring the intense sensation, “What is it? What’s wrong?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” I sighed. I didn’t know what to say to him. What could I say that wouldn’t sound lame or insincere? So I did the only thing that I could think of. I shifted my position so I was on his other side and I draped an arm around him, pulling him closer to me.
After our meal, we took a cab back to Baker Street (this time I held the door for Sherlock in order to get a view of my own) and settled in for the afternoon. As I sat down on the couch and turned the TV on, waiting for Sherlock to fill the empty space next to me, he tapped a message out on his phone, pacing around the room.
We watched Sherlock play in silence until he finished. He then turned to us looking more composed and placed his violin down before asking, “Is there anything else you need Detective Inspector?”
His breath hitched as he pushed my hand down over the contours of his chest, down towards his abdomen. Sherlock roughly placed my hand over his cock and rocked forwards into it awkwardly. As he leaned into my touch, he whispered in a breathy voice, “Make me feel something…”
I pulled away from him slightly, taken aback from his sudden outburst. Sherlock scrubbed his hands through his hair, “Just, please, shut up…”
Sherlock smiled half-heartedly and got to his feet with a grunt. He placed a hand on my shoulder and we walked to the couch where Sherlock sunk into it. I rummaged around and found his laptop, bringing it over to him and placing it in his lap. I sat down next to him before he could get too engrossed in his research.
He was an extremely fast learner and he wrapped his hands around my waist as he grew bolder. I slid my other hand up his torso, making him shiver. We finally broke apart, lips red and swollen, both of us panting desperately.
The repetition of my words to him from before made me smile thinly as Sherlock moved his hand from my elbow to take my hand. I drew in a fortifying breath and nodded decisively at Sherlock.
“John…” Sherlock started. He closed his mouth and thought for a moment before saying hesitantly, a glint of worry in his eyes. “I’m sorry, did I wake you?”
So I said nothing, but gave him an icy cold look, folded my arms over my chest and a shrugged my shoulders, indicating for him to go on. He did.
“Why delay the inevitable?” said Sherlock, seating himself in front of his laptop on the desk. He pulled up the web browser and went to his blog page.
Sherlock took the address and typed it in without taking his eyes from the screen, telling Moran to meet him there in one hour. He tapped send and again we waited with bated breath. This time, the reply only took a few minutes:
I nodded appreciatively at him as he took his leave. I smiled at Sherlock before bustling about to make breakfast for us both.
"Listen, just so we're clear, I want you to tell me who you think should know about what you're going through," I began hesitantly, not wanting to say or do the wrong thing again. "I shouldn't have told Mrs. Hudson without asking you first, so I want to make sure we're on the same page now with who should know what."
“Right,” Greg replied excitedly, “But he’s cocky, so I thought we should be taking a closer look at the photograph he sent because although the messages where calculated…”
“Everyone I meet, if they want me at all, they want me for my brain. And- and if I don’t… don’t have that... if I can't get my brain to work properly again then… then…” Sherlock trailed off and buried his head back in his arms.
“Well, thanks again Sherlock, I owe you,” Greg said with a shake of his head, following the officers out of the bank.
I groaned at his words, feeling my abdomen contract with heat. I slowed down my pace and turned to Sherlock, “Touch yourself. Just for me. Right here through your trousers…”
“John?” Sherlock said again, cupping my face so that I was looking into his eyes. He looked so worried and I felt terrible for putting that expression on his face.
“Mr Wilson, I have been informed that you have an unusual problem to which I think I may be able to provide an answer, providing it is not utterly dull. I’m assuming it has something to do with the frankly alarming amount of typing you have been doing lately.”
Mrs Hudson smiled and covered my hands with hers, “Since he came back. When he died you grieved far more intensely than someone normally would for a close friend. I know you tried to date that Mary woman, but I could tell that you weren't happy with her. Not like you used to be with Sherlock. But when he came back… Well, dear, let’s just say that you’ve treated him differently ever since then!”
“Hey,” I put an arm around his too-thin shoulders, “It's okay, just breathe slowly. She doesn't know the specifics, I just told her that you had been captured and have been through a lot. I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have told her anything without your permission, I should've known better.”
Sherlock, surprisingly, hugged me closer, took a breath and asked quietly, “John… what’s happening to me?”
I nodded, swallowing the lump in my throat and adjusting my position so that I was leaning over Sherlock. I decided to start slow for both our sakes, pressing a chaste kiss to his lips while trailing my fingers down over his chest. He shivered beneath my touch, making he hesitate and stopping me from exploring down any further.
I heard the knock at the door and Mrs Hudson greeting my sister before she came to tell me Harry had arrived. I reassured Sherlock one last time and asked Mrs Hudson to sit with him until I came back.
I replied. The truth is that my mother is an Intelligent woman, an impatient woman, one who cannot bear to converse with small children. She waited until Mycroft was five before speaking with him, leaving the tedious stages of linguistic development to women of lesser intellect who were not so easily bored. We had our first real conversation at my father’s funeral, when I was nearly six, that conversation consisting mainly of her insisting that I use a handkerchief if I must snivel.
She looked up and gave me a John Watson smile, the one he uses when you do something nice for him that he doesn’t expect, like buying milk. “Yes, please.”
“Nevertheless. You’re a reckless man, John Watson. A man who lives on the edge. You only pretend to be shy and retiring, but now I’ve seen the inner guitar hero lurking beneath that innocuous facade.”
Fake Jason vowed never to reveal where the real Jason was being held, emphasising his point with a poke towards Alex’s chest.
“God, you look great,” Matt says, hugging him. “How did you get chest hair? I’ve been trying for twenty-six years.”
I felt in my pocket to make sure both revolvers were still there, then caught a cab back to Baker Street. When Lestrade arrived an hour later, I was sitting in front of the fire in my dressing gown, a book open upon my lap.
There wasn’t a day that passed when he didn’t think of John, when he didn’t wish he’d said something to him.
“Why would they do that?” She took another pastry, this time a cheese danish. “It’s as if they can’t imagine a successful woman being fulfilled without a child.”
Once out of bed, he knew he would not sleep again. Sweaty from his panic, he took a shower and put on a clean dressing gown. Too antsy to read, he took up his violin and played. When he saw light coming in from under the shades, he dressed for rehearsal.
“They did.” Nothing magical. An ordinary herb, one you can buy on Amazon for a few pounds. “Why just three pills?”
Morstan nodded. “John, you’ve talked about what led up to your faked suicide in other interviews, so I’m not going to rehash that now. And you’re going to testify against Magnussen, so you probably can’t talk about that. You were in hiding for eight years, though. What I’d like to know is, what made you decide to come back?”
Holmes looks exhausted. They plan to take an afternoon train back to London, refusing Huxtable’s offer of another night’s lodging. Wilkes is packing his bags, the headmaster tells them. Carmichael has been sacked as well, but probably can’t be prosecuted for his role in Adam’s death.
is my calling. I came to you because I thought you might have the influence to do something about this monster. It seems, however, that the monster has managed you— and everyone else.”
A hand closes around his arm, pulling him up, guiding him forward. A laugh, close to his ear. “You’re an idiot. An inebriated one to be sure, but an idiot all the same.”
She can see he’s thinking about it, trying to put himself in that very different moment, when everything could have gone in another direction.
When they rehearsed, Brook did his lines. His acting was still amateur, but what Sherlock worried about was the creepy little remarks he made between takes, especially when the two of them were alone. He tried not to be the only one in the room with Brook, but the idiot was determined to follow him around like a baby duck. He’d already warned Irene, though, and she’d said not to worry.
“You don’t have to apologise. It was logical. And I agreed to do it. But who else would have done that for you?”
“Mr Holmes, Dr Watson states that the two of you broke into Milverton’s house in order to obtain documents relating to a client of yours— whom he will not name,” Lestrade said. “He picked the lock and cracked the safe, and you destroyed the documents. You both took refuge behind the curtain when you heard someone coming, and stayed there, witnessing a confrontation between Milverton and a veiled woman, who entered through the veranda door and argued with him, claiming he had ruined her life. He threatened her with a gun, and she then shot him. His gun went off; the shot lodged into the ceiling above where you were hidden. He could not give a good description of the woman, whom he had never seen before, but said she was tall, with a deep, thrilling voice. She left immediately after the shooting, going out the veranda door. When he had ascertained that Milverton was dead, you and he finished destroying the contents of the safe and left by the veranda door.” He paused, looking for a reaction from me.
“The only reason they’re even offering money is because we haven’t had a raise in two years. The third season did much better than expected, they have no promising replacement series waiting in the wings— and both Greg and I are actively looking for other roles. They know we could both do much better in films. But
He seemed to have regained his composure and continued. “Love letters should be handwritten, should they not?”
“It is.” He focuses on his hands, which are on the table in front of him, as if he’s laying his cards out. “I was wrong.”
Victor took his punishment stoically, holding the broken slate, evidence of his crime, for several hours before he was allowed to come down.
She tapped her lips with her finger. “It’s weird. You were in that biopic, the one about Tchaikovsky. He auditioned for that as well, just a small, non-speaking part. And for your other film, the spy movie— same thing. Didn’t get either one. He’s tried out for small roles on
“Alive, barely.” He sniffs and looks away. “Well, I’d better go. Mycroft said he’d break my legs if I ever talked to you again. No, just kidding,” he says at my horrified look. “But he was very clear that I wasn’t to see you.” He turns away.
In dreams, nothing is clear. But I am sure of this. “Yes. I’ll be here. Do what you have to do. Get this done. Come back to me.”
“I’ve been reading up on this,” Watson replied. “There’s Standard, and Queen, and King. And California King.”
In reply, I took the ring box from my pocket and threw it at him. His reflexes were good; he caught it. His brain was not so quick. “You did not ask her?”
“Whatever you say.” Holmes looks unconcerned. His eyes flit over Watson for a moment, probably deducing the last date Watson had, or the last time he had sex. Something like that. Watson decides it’s best to say nothing at this point.
“No.” There are always uncertainties at the beginning of a relationship. This is to be expected, but he wants Sherlock to know that he trusts him, that he won’t be the one ending things, if it ever comes to that. “She’s wrong about you.”
“When I say I’m not using, I mean I have no intention of doing that again.” He means it, he realises. It’s not self-deception. Even on that terrible night when John left— when Sherlock made him leave— even then, he didn’t think of using, not even for a moment. Not even a cigarette. It simply didn’t occur to him. That’s how much he’s changed, and the credit for that goes to John.
“Still, to allow himself to be photographed with a woman he did not plan to marry was surely risky.”
Edith Wickham was twenty-four. The two girls were evidently friends, Lenore being the sweet, pretty one, and Edith her plain but witty companion. She had older brothers, all married. Her father was a bank clerk. She had auburn hair and a freckled face. Not ugly, but certainly no match in beauty for Watson. Her manners suggested that she had grown up a tomboy, romping with her brothers. She had a blunt way of saying things, a laugh that was occasionally too forward. She would marry Watson if her parents told her to, I deduced. Otherwise, she would end up serving as a governess for a wealthy family.
“All of it. Some scenes were filmed with the set closed. Maybe everyone was filmed in costume, but in the rotoscoped version, they’re not. It’s obviously animation, but the most amazing blend I’ve ever seen. Ethereal, surreal one moment, teasing the viewer with a glimpse of reality, but then morphing into pure fantasy. Might have gotten an Oscar for cinematography or something if it hadn’t been so very explicit.”
“That’s a mum’s job,” John replied. “To keep you from doing silly things, like running away from home.”
Richard Brook did not seem harmless. As they played the scene together, Sherlock felt an edginess he rarely experienced. It was as if the man were pushing the script into real life, giving it a double meaning, an unintended subtext. There was obsession there. When he exchanged lines with Brook, it no longer felt like a comedy for kids.
I do not know, and will not guess, what trouble compelled you to fake your suicide. It gives me great sadness that you saw this as your only recourse, and I feel some guilt about that. What I am about to reveal may surprise you, but I owe you my honesty. Whatever you may feel about what I have to say, that is your business. There is no need for you to respond.
“Bad dream?” he whispered, stroking my hair. “Don’t worry, love. We’ll go away and have our holiday. By the time we return, you’ll feel like a new man.”
awful, worse than the tumbled clutter of decaying homes and council flats where he grew up, which at least had held some reminders of his father’s attempts to provide for them), he thinks that the worst of it is not the limp or the bedsit, nor his lost career. It’s that he’s thirty-something and alone in the world. He’s never had a relationship that was anything more than casual. Somehow he knows that none of this would be so awful if he’d just had
“Don’t get all high and mighty, Sherlock. People loved that show, and doing a reunion would boost your fandom. Everyone knows it was a silly concept and that you’re a much better actor. But it’s a nice gesture, recognising where you got your first break. It would help your cast members as well. Anderson is struggling, and Molly’s not doing so well, either.”
Groping for the dark lantern, which sat on the floor beside the safe, I raised myself up and, astonished, saw the blackmailer lying on the floor, his shirt soaked with blood. Two shots, I deduced; they must have been simultaneous.
He still doesn’t know where Matt lives, but finds him at the cafe. When he sees Watson, he’s surprised, he’s embarrassed, he’s relieved. Maybe he thinks Watson blames him, that he doesn’t want to see him again.
He spots a woman alone at one table. She’s younger than he is, a bit plump, but pretty. She looks at the door every time it opens, her expression schooled into a smile. When she turns away, he can see disappointment. She looks at her phone, puts it back into her bag. A moment later, she takes it out again, taps at it as if sending a text.
One of my nieces had settled nearby. As my joints became too stiff to do my own cooking and cleaning, she used to come over and take care of me. She drove a motor car and brought me a wireless set to entertain me. I found that I didn’t care for it. I still had my violin, and though my fingers could not manage the music I had learned in my youth, I still played.
Irene called for a break. He watched as she called Brook aside and spent several minutes going over the scene with him. Maybe it was too late to find a better actor, and that was why she was willing to put up with him. He had voiced his concern and would trust her to deal with his stalker.
We climbed further, stopping at a place where the path went behind the waterfall and we had a view of the valley below. The veil of water rushing past us was awe-inspiring. For several minutes we simply stood there. A painter might have reproduced the vista, but not even a great artist could capture the grandeur, the terror of such a place.
Humans used to regard the ocean as deadly, a thing to be crossed only to get to another piece of land. Sea travel was treacherous in those days; over the centuries, many lives have been lost in the ocean. Even today, when ships still cross the sea and planes fly over it, there are mysteries in its depths. It’s an unexplored country. It teems with Life, but like Death, it is a place from which one cannot easily come back.
Consider me, six years old, huddling behind the heavy velvet curtains, hoping to avoid the notice of my cousins Emma, Charles, and Edwin. There am I, pitiful boy, dark curls that refused taming, pale eyes that unsettled anyone who met my gaze. A wan child, skinny and forlorn, lacking the appropriate disposition for one assigned the contemptible station of impoverished relative. I had not the disposition to be likeable, and so I made myself withdraw from my cousins as much as possible.
Milverton’s eyes glittered cannily as he gazed at Watson. Then he shrugged and took the chair opposite mine. “Let us talk business, then.” In his lap he held a small document case.
“I was unlucky enough to be shot twice. First, in the shoulder, which has necessarily ended my medical career. Then I took a bullet in the back of my leg after Zion slung me over my horse. Bad luck for me; better luck for the horse, who was not hurt. Zion had to dig the bullet out. Less serious wound than the shoulder, so it should heal up.”
John was lost in here, somewhere, and needed Sherlock to find him. He’d given up hope because he’d been waiting so long. But he was still alive, if only Sherlock could get to him before…
When they met, John was a sweet, somewhat naive boy, not the least bit cunning. His actions were always a response to events, not to manipulate them. Genuinely himself at all times, he did what the director asked him to do, never suggested they do a scene differently, never tried to alter his lines.
“I’m sorry. Top secret, you know.” He winked. “And… this is my stop.” He rose and headed for the door. “Keep writing, though.
“It was the furniture,” he tells the skull. “Killing my soul. Moving in here is actually saving my life.”
“You’re right. She’s not moving in, though.” He pressed himself against me, laying his head against my shoulder. “I believe things in 221B were just starting to get interesting.”
It’s embarrassing to be past the age of thirty and just realising you’re not as nice a person as you’ve always thought you were. It’s a lot. He should think about it all— his shortcomings, the rage he feels, the bottles that are accumulating in his flat, the gun in his drawer.
“Sherlock, I’m not fragile, and I’m not a child. I’ve come to terms with it. That’s partly why I came back, because I’m not willing to let that bastard dictate the rest of my life. Back then, he told me he owned me. Well, he doesn’t anymore.”
Brook rolled his eyes. Even now, he was acting, comically exaggerating every expression. And Sherlock saw it then. Rich Brook wasn’t an idiot. He was acting, as all sociopaths do. Acting all the time, pretending to be a terrible actor.
Molly Hooper is a woman who likes dead bodies as much as Sherlock does. She likes solving things. And she loves Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock is right about him: he does crave danger. In the short run, it’s the best antidote to the depression that sometimes overtakes him. There are times, though, when his new life feels more like a dream, and he worries that in the long run, the adrenaline will not be enough for either of them.
Mrs Hudson is here. She’s sitting in your chair, perched on the edge of the cushion as if you might come through the door. Then she will spring to her feet and yield the chair.
Denial is how my brain defends itself against what is too much to bear. Denial protects me. Denial keeps me safe.
The talk moves on to other things, and John eventually checks his phone, sees that Sherlock hasn’t replied, and makes his excuses.
weren’t pleased,” Sherlock says. “I was intrigued. John is the most obtuse of men. He’s lucky he has me to explain things him. Without me, he’d still be wearing ugly jumpers, limping into alleys after serial killers— well, I’m still working on the ugly jumpers. But as you can see, no more limp, and the serial killers have all received what they deserved.”
“I need to talk to him. I think he knows someone, a person I need to contact. Perhaps you could just give me his address so I can send him a note?”
“Great heavens, is it you? Keep your hands up, please, Mr Holmes.” He lit the lamp on the desk. “Well, I see that my second offer has moved you to take a dangerous course of action. You are a secret romantic, are you not? Well, well. The great Sherlock Holmes stoops to burglary, when he might simply have paid. Perhaps it is not too late to bargain, though. Fifteen thousand for everything I have on John Watson. That is my offer. If you agree to pay, I will let you walk out of the room unharmed.”
“I think you should, and I’ll tell you why. First, Molly’s a friend. She does actually care about you, and this is a favour you can easily do for her.”
—“ He leans forward, his eyes fixed on Watson. “But that kind of reasoning doesn’t change anything, does it?”
He heaves a sigh. “Sherlock, I know that Mike and Molly set me up with you because they feel sorry for me. You’re not obligated to another date.”
“Not at all. I merely mean that the chief proof of a man’s real greatness lies in his perception of his own smallness. By such a standard, you might be the greatest of men.”
“Oh, god,” Matt says, running his hand through his hair. This motion completely undoes the little man-bun and he has to re-gather the hair to keep it off his face. There’s no one else in the cafe now, long after the lunch rush.
I listened as Watson settled into the room next door. The bedsprings squeaked as he climbed into the bed, and the light under the door went out.
She hangs her head, looking a bit embarrassed. “I’m sorry. Thank you for the tea. And for talking to me.”
Watson stares at the half of his sandwich that remains, the soup that is growing cold. Abruptly he stands and puts on his coat, glares at Holmes (as if glaring ever did any good), and says, “It’s yours. Enjoy.”
“I didn’t know, but should have guessed, had I thought about it. Look, if you can do these two things for me, find Jason Bradford, tell me who Richard Brook is— I’ll get you tickets to a very exclusive event.”
“I shouldn’t have brought it up.” Matt is fidgeting with his napkin, unconsciously folding it into triangles. “On a happier note, Christopher and I are having a party in two weeks. We want you to come. It’s going to be a seventies party!”
Sherlock didn’t remember the moment when he first became fixated on John. That was how he thought of it, as a fixation, an addiction much like the ones he later succumbed to. Once Mycroft had understood that his younger brother was gay, he cautioned him against feeling too much.
They took their seats around the table and opened the new scripts. Everyone seemed more relaxed than at the first rehearsal, and Sherlock wondered why he felt so tense.
“Sherlock, listen to me. Even if he’s in counselling with his wife, it doesn’t mean he’s leaving you. He’s going through a divorce; that means he has things to work out with Mary. He has a daughter who’s going through a lot. And he has a relationship with you— he’s never been in a relationship with a man before, and maybe he’s trying to figure that out.”
The appointment with Dr Eccles is at five, but John already been thinking about what they’ll discuss. Ordinarily the idea of visiting a therapist makes him uncomfortable, actually embarrasses him, but now he really needs someone impartial to share with, to help him figure out this whole mess. Sherlock has been distant, even icy since the last time they had sex— or tried to. He flushes with humiliation just thinking about it. He never realised that there were so many ways to fail at being gay. He hasn’t had years to adjust to his sexual orientation; he’s only had a couple of months since he even acknowledged that his feelings might be more than just fantasy. And Sherlock is no more inclined to discuss such things than John is.
“That’s… amazing. I didn’t realise I was such an open book. But how do you know I didn’t cheat on her?”
“Oh, John.” She puts her arms around me. We stand like that for a moment until she releases me and looks into my face. “He would want you to be happy. Don’t ever feel guilty about that.” She dabs her eyes. “Now, off with you. Put on that suit, come down and show yourself to me before you go.”
I imagine Sherlock pretending to be the waiter, like in my dream, speaking with a French accent and waiting for me to notice, but when Dennis appears, he’s short, stocky, and definitely not French. With relief, I see that he already has a bottle of wine for the table, courtesy of Mr Holmes, no doubt. He waits for me to taste it, and when I give my approval, he murmurs
So many mistakes. He was deducing things without being asked, even before he had completely sussed out the man. Lestrade had warned him about that. The man was ill-at-ease, uncomfortable, and felt like he was being judged.
My uncle kept several servants besides the gardener. There was a housemaid, a cook, and a woman who came once a week to do the laundry. The children had a governess, Miss Faucher, who tutored them, and a nurse who tended to their bathing and meals. I was able to strike up an acquaintance with Bessie, the nurse. She pitied me, I think, because I was small and thin. Whenever Aunt Kitty had decreed that I would have no supper, Bessie always managed to slip me jam and bread or some biscuits, if we had them.
Funerals are supposed to bring some sense of closure. Friends and family cry, and reminisce, and remind themselves that their loved one will always be in their hearts.
“I’ve really messed up.” He rubs a hand over his face. “You knew, he said. You helped him with his… plan. I suppose he swore you to silence.”
“I married too early,” he volunteers. “Before I knew who I was. Almost dying made me realise… a lot of things.” Immediately he wonders if this is too much information for a blind date. Well, he might as well say it; Sherlock has probably already deduced it.
This girl was not armed, however. It was odd that she knew John’s name and address, since he had only lived here a short time. When we met, he told me that he had
“You might want to soften that a bit,” Mike said. “Just say he was great to work with and you miss him a lot. You wish he could have been here with us all tonight.”
“That is a very romantic notion, Mr Holmes,” said Philip, smiling. “I had no idea a mind as scientific as yours would have such an appreciation for literature.”
My flat was on Baker Street, near the Regents Park. It was not spacious, and I was uncertain what to do with John’s bones. If I were a normal person, not obsessed with ghosts, I would have laid him in our family graveyard in Kent. Or I might have bought a plot in one of London’s many cemeteries and buried him there.
“No apology necessary. I did ask you to strike me, and you delivered. Feel free to refuse, however, if I ever make such a request again.”
“You have a great boyfriend,” Moana said. Or it might have been Megara. I wondered if I should add photos to my list, just to avoid confusion.
John could love him, he thinks. He can’t be sure; not a lot of words were said last night. Is it too soon? Maybe. It might be a beginning. An embryo with the potential to become… something. Maybe love.
She pressed her lips together tightly, eyes closed, holding back tears. “He trusted them. He did everything they asked him to do—“
?” He imagined packing containers being transported to the docks, loaded onto cargo ships, himself and Lestrade inside, on their way to destinations unknown.
When he looked into Molly’s eyes, he thought he saw forgiveness there, not only for Alex, but for himself. It had been his suggestion that Holly should be the one who kept the MacGuffin safe for Alex while he was gone. The alien would not expect that, believing that Alex had never cared for Holly. He had, and Sherlock realised that he had cared for Molly, too. The smile she gave him said that she knew.
“Odds. No recent casualties in Iraq. They’re getting ready to pull out. More troops are currently in Afghanistan.”
Mike Stamford comes by to check on me. He doesn’t have to say anything because he always knew. Even that first day in the lab at Barts when he introduced us. We’ve never had a conversation about it because Mike doesn’t put people on the spot or make them feel uncomfortable. When he introduced me to you, he didn’t have to say much; he knew we belonged together and how to make it happen. A little bit of magic hangs about Mike Stamford. Like a good magician, he never reveals how he does it.
He blows a cloud of smoke upwards, taps the cigarette against his finger. “A teacher would use other kinds of threats. The cuts may be self-inflected, but I believe that those bruises came from classmates. I would not be surprised, though, if a teacher is aware of what’s been going on.”
Sherlock picked a venue; John found the right florist and had invitations made up; Sherlock set up a cake-tasting and signed them up for dance lessons; John asked Lestrade to be his best man. Unfortunately, Sherlock had already asked him. John countered by asking Mycroft to stand up with him; he agreed, happy as always to be dealt into the game. Sherlock picked out tuxedos and found a photographer. John planned the honeymoon.
All humans have the capacity to heal, some greater than others. What is it that makes one man succumb quickly to an infection, and another to fight it off? It must be sleep, he thinks, some quality of sleep that exists with greater or lesser force in all creatures. The infinite variety of humans is written somewhere in all bodies, even his and Watson’s, which never wear out. They are still human; one day they might reach the limits of that power to heal.
The mental part is harder. For weeks, nightmares haunt us both, and when we wake, we have to remind ourselves what is real and what is a dream.
I don’t correct her. “I’m sorry, Molly.” I select a carton of milk and put it in my basket. “I’m sorry.” I turn and walk away.
Or better, a moment when we were alone in the flat. The way you looked up at me when I set a cup of tea at your elbow. You had this smile that I only ever saw when we were alone. Sometimes you got bored and paced around, shouting at your phone (
They loved him, not for his movie roles, not for Baz Culpeper, but because they’d spent Friday nights with him for four years. However silly the plots, he’d made them believe in Alex. It had meant something to them, and he could not feel ashamed that his acting career had started here.
He isn’t used to John yet, doesn’t know if they will tolerate one another, but he wants that familiarity. Of course he wants the sex. He also wants to share breakfast with him, to sit with him in the evenings, reading or talking. He wants John beside him on every case. He wants to know everything about him. It’s a mystery how he can want that familiarity, and at the same time feel certain that he’ll never be bored by it. Familiarity tends to breed boredom, and eventually contempt. John will never be boring.
Gives you a different perspective, doesn’t it? Every night you think about that gun, contemplate ending it all, but you never think about a psycho with a gun waiting in the alley for you to walk by, grabbing you and threatening to kill you, do you?
“I might,” he says. Before he can get those details from his fake husband, the PA warns that visiting hours are over and all visitors should exit the ward.
“I don’t know why you would. You’re completely redone everything.” He will have to let that go, he thinks. He understands completely why she might not want to live here anymore. He certainly doesn’t. “At any rate, you need to tell me what your plans are.”
“It could be. I’m assuming you’d prefer that I not tell anyone you’re alive. I’m willing to keep your secret, but might need some explanation.”
Mike sighed. “Maybe you could have been a little more diplomatic, Sherlock. Molly has put years into this idea. Yes, it needs revision, but—“
I think about other things I could say. I could talk about the rain. I could say that I stepped in a puddle and my feet are wet and cold. That’s about the least disturbing thing that’s happened to me lately. Much better than seeing my best friend die. I won’t say that.
smell is, probably the sweat of so many people packed in planes for hours, released into the cavern of the airport.
“No,” John said. “It’ll take a year to plan what you’re thinking of. I’m not going through that— picking out flowers and colours and photographers—“
Maybe he was right. People made assumptions, and Sherlock didn’t really care enough to correct them. Maybe John should just shrug it off.
Sugar bowl in midair, she considered this. “It was autumn, I believe. He came back from Switzerland in a nervous state, drinking all the time. Lord, I could hear him sobbing at night, walking the floor.” Her eyes filled with tears. “It was awful, Mr Holmes. Your brother came and talked to him, and soon after that, he left.” She set the cup in my hands.
She gives him a humourless smirk. “You sure about that? David’s got a job interview there with some publishing company.”
John rubs his eyes. He’s too tired for this shit, and fairly certain he won’t sleep a wink with Sherlock watching him. Nor will he ever get rid of him if he lets him stay here. “Fine, I’ll sleep at yours— in your other bedroom. But it’s not permanent.”
Eyes still closed, John shook his head minutely. “No, it’s fine. I’m glad you know, glad I don’t have to tell you.”
Mr Smith rushed on stage. In a brief, but scientific-sounding explanation, Alex revealed to him that this was not the real Device, but a fake one he had programmed to put matter into stasis. It would not harm Fake Jason, but would keep him restrained until the Intergalactic Police arrived. It was a weak plot point, but with just an hour to tell the story, it would move things along.
But John Watson was never a coward. Whether he was dealing with criminals or grammar, he was willing to risk looking like an idiot.
Watson nods. “He said we could just talk. He… I remember the look he gave me, like he felt sorry for me.”
I’m supposed to see Ella today. That’s something to do, at least. She will press me to be honest with myself. That’s what she did when I returned from Afghanistan, uncertain who I was if I couldn’t be a soldier, a doctor. She told me to write a blog, like a journal of my life, the things that happened to me.
Being difficult to get along with wasn’t a persona he deliberately cultivated. As long as he could remember, people had found him unlikeable. They recognised his intelligence and his talent, but those traits, while admirable, were not endearing. People might praise him, but couldn’t love him.
He writes up their first cases in the blog his therapist insisted he start and sees his number of followers grow steadily.
They should give parents a manual when kids suddenly become different people, he thinks. He knows invading a teen’s privacy is not good, but he’s a parent and sometimes that means setting limits. “Rosie,” he calls. “It’s Daddy. Dad.”
The awkwardness is gone. Neither of us is very hungry, but the meal is just right, a clear soup, followed by a perfectly cooked fish with no heavy sauce, a meatless basmati pilaf, and sautéed vegetables. I guess when it comes to food, Mycroft really is omniscient. Sherlock eats every bite. Afterwards, we split a piece of chocolate mousse torte.
I noticed that Sherlock clenched his fists in the sheets to stop his hands shaking. I strode over to the bed and put a firm hand on his shoulder.
We continued eating our meal, all the while being cheeky under the table and exchanging small grins. It was as though this was all extra exciting because no one knew for sure that it was even happening. It made me feel more secure as well as making the whole situation a bit sexier…
I took a step towards him. I have no idea what I was planning to do but before I could think of anything, Moran raised a finger and wagged it at me, tutting from the railing. “No, no, I don’t think so Dr. Watson,” Moran said condescendingly. “Stay right where you are. How about I shed some light on the subject, and then perhaps you will better understand your situation.”
Greg made to go after him put I stopped him gently, “No, I’ll take care of this. You go arrest the housekeeper.”
Only now had it really sunk in how different that was for him, and how it meant bad news. I thought to myself that I should get in touch with Mycroft to ask him about Sherlock’s behaviour when he had first come out of that hell hole with Moran, as I handed him the remote.
I got up and grabbed his arm to prevent him. When my hand landed on his forearm he shied away with such severity that he jumped back and stumbled into Lestrade’s filing cabinet with a crash.
Sherlock nodded as I helped him get to his feet. He draped his arm across my shoulders and I wrapped my own arm around his waist as I led him to his bedroom to find him some clothes. I tried to conceal how amazing the feel of Sherlock’s flesh against me felt. I could feel the slight tremble of his muscles beneath my fingers, the warmth of his skin, and the sound of his slightly rapid breath. Thankfully, it seemed Sherlock was far too concerned with not being sick and losing his balance to notice my own elevated breathing somewhat shaking hands.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and kissed me deeply once more before getting to his feet and making his way to the bathroom. I followed him on shaky legs and stood in the doorway as he began to undress.
“Yes, thank you for your assistance but… I need to leave… now…” and with that, Sherlock was off, staggering around the corner of the alley.
Sherlock rested his head against mine and we stayed silently like that until I felt his muscles, which had tensed upon my touch, relax. I was about to say something else but my phone buzzed from the other side of the room. I placed another chaste kiss to Sherlock’s hand before crossing to pick up my phone, readjusting Sherlock’s dressing gown over the developing hickey on my shoulder.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed in confusion, “But, I’ve seen all the signs of arousal in you, I know you want me that way…”
He said nothing but simply nodded and rubbed at his head with a hand, revealing some of the scars I had discovered last night. I looked away and started the bathwater with a knot in my stomach. As the bath filled up, I set about finding Sherlock a towel, soap and other necessities so that I didn’t have to look at him; because it broke my heart.
I huffed in annoyance at this statement, and at the fact that Sherlock took the mug from my hands and took a large sip, “I do not snuffle!”
He staggered out of the flat, pushing past Anderson and Sally as he went. I looked after him as he went, and I dimly recall Greg telling Sally and Anderson off after they had made some snide comments about the consulting detective, telling them to leave him alone.
I sighed, thinking rapidly for another solution. He wasn’t ready for this, “Okay, how about you stay here and Harry and I can talk down in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen. That way if you need me you can just yell and I’ll be right there.”
I turned towards him and leaned on the kitchen bench. I felt a burning, seething anger in the pit of my stomach towards the elder Holmes. How could he have let that happen to his own brother? I think back on it now and realise how unfair those thoughts were, as he did in fact rescue Sherlock eventually, but I wasn’t thinking straight.
I looked desperately at Mycroft and Lestrade, who were watching us with sad eyes at Sherlock's distress, "What do we do Mycroft. Tell me, what the fuck can we do?"
I turned to Sherlock, who was looking warily at Lestrade, and placed a gentle hand on his arm, “Why don’t you go play something for me, yeah? That always makes you feel better.”
He still looked uncertain but he put them in his mouth and swallowed. After he had taken them, he breathed heavily for a second, until calming slightly and nodding at me assuredly. I nodded before getting to my feet and talking quietly to my sister.
Our proximity and Sherlock’s attentions to my right ear meant I was developing a hard on just from his kisses. I tried to tell Sherlock, because whenever either of us got a bit too excited we would alert the other and back off, but that didn’t happen this morning.
His voice was strained and I could tell that he was trying to convince himself as much as me that he was fine. I closed the door but stayed outside for a little longer and I could hear his deep breaths in an attempt to calm himself down.
This coupled with the fact that I put up with all his ridiculous experiments, spend almost all of my time in his presence (even if he doesn’t realise that I’m even there), constantly monitor wether he has eaten or slept, remind him to do so if he has neglected such necessities and always, without fail, drop everything to follow him into whatever danger and life threatening situations the criminal element have to throw at us, left me to conclude from my morning ponderings that I was completely, and probably stupidly, besotted with Sherlock Holmes.
All the breath suddenly left my lungs, the sound of his deep baritone in my ear saying such things took my breath away. I blushed, stepping away slightly with an anxious chuckle.
When we arrived at the victim’s apartment, Greg and I exchanged looks, knowing that Sherlock was only a hair’s breadth from losing it completely. As soon as he arrived at the crime scene, he was agitated; he kept blinking and shaking his head as if his vision was impaired, he was trying to conceal his shaking hands by stuffing them in his pockets and his breathing was faster than normal.
Wilson looked put out but continued, “Well, then I received another email, just before I was going in to the League’s office, saying that the League had been disbanded.”
The prospect of taking the next step was thrilling, but it made me terrified at the same time. I wanted Sherlock and I had accepted that, but acting on want is a completely different thing.
I swallowed worriedly, this was the worst relapse Sherlock had had in a very long time. In a desperate attempt to help, I scooted my chair closer and placed a supportive hand on his arm, “It’s okay Sherlock, just close your eyes and breathe…”
Short-ish chapter here but I wanted to get another one up quickly because you've all be so nice sticking with me on this story :)
Moran chuckled again, the sound was like nails on a chalkboard and grated on my tightly stung nerves, “Maybe there is a bit of fire in him after all! It’s always the normal looking ones that are hiding the dirtiest secrets. I did tell you not to bring any weapons, but I think I should check anyway.”
Thanks for the lovely comments and for your patience as I continue this story. I'm really excited about this chapter and the ones to come!
He looked down at our hands and smiled grimly before nodding. I decided to reassure him further, “I don’t have to leave just yet, so I can sit with you for a little while longer.”
I glanced at Greg and he shrugged at me, so I decided to run after Sherlock and found him in an alleyway, leaning against a wall and breathing heavily on a cigarette. I quickly dodged back around the corner of the alley. This was really not good.
‘No! Ew! I mean to help you both understand what you’d be doing! You both wouldn’t be so scared if u knew what to expect ;)’
Just as suddenly as he had whirled around, he dropped into a crouching position, eyes gazing across the street. Sherlock glanced back at the tobacconist’s shop before peering across the road again. He leapt to his feet and began jumping up and down on the pavement.
I attempted to push my anger away and focus on helping Sherlock. Mycroft was clearly concerned for his little brother, although he would never show it; he was distressed at Sherlock’s condition.
What if I pushed him too far too fast? It would freak him out. It would probably freak me out too. I had never been with a man before and although the taste of Sherlock still on my tongue was wondrous, my desires towards him were freaking me out a little bit.
Sherlock turned to me, placing his hands on my shoulders for support, his panic taking him over. I pulled him into my arms as he sobbed desperately, muttering nonsensically into my jumper. His knees gave out under him and we sank to the floor as I attempted to calm him.
When he didn’t answer, I perched on the arm of his chair and looked over his shoulder at the screen of his laptop. The message board of his website was open and there was a new message at the top.
“How the hell did you know they would be tunneling in here tonight?” Greg asked, hands on his hips incredulously.
I decided to only tell her that Sherlock was sick and that I was going to help him get better. I told her that he had been through a lot during those three years he had been away, and it had taken a toll on him, but I didn't specifically say what he was going through.
My fingers clenched on the back of the desk chair Sherlock had seated himself in. I kept my mouth shut through sheer force of will, because I knew I couldn’t control the words that would come out if I did. The last thing I wanted was to upset Sherlock further with my rage.
“Yep. Nothing drastic or dangerous, and don’t worry, Lestrade will be there so we won’t be in any peril.”
“Then what do I do?” Sherlock cried, looking at me with wide, frightened eyes, “I don’t know what’s… I just, don’t… and…”
“Yes, if you listened carefully, the pavement under which they were digging sounded different to the neighbouring slabs, elementary really.”
Then I grabbed him by the collar and punched him again. And again. And again. I felt hot blood spurt under my fists, I felt the satisfying crunch of bone as I pummeled the ever-loving shit out of that smug, disgusting face.
I moved away from the bathroom, composing myself and put the kettle on, running a hand through my hair in exasperation. I vaguely heard the doorbell ring, but I was too absorbed in my own thoughts to properly register it. Just as the kettle boiled, an all too familiar voice rang through the flat.
He stopped and looked between the two of us. I could practically see the cogs in his head turning as he deduced everything about what we had been talking about. He laughed humourlessly, “You’re both worried about me.”
“But you won’t find anything!” Mycroft exclaimed suddenly, all pretence of composure gone. “Why do you think Sherlock spent so much time in captivity, hm? I wasn’t just twiddling my thumbs for ten months! I. Couldn’t. Find him! Moran left no trace and if my people couldn’t do it then Scotland Yard’s finest certainly won’t be able to.”
Sherlock ducked his head and continued to gulp down his meal while I averted my eyes, trying to think clearly. Butterflies were making my stomach flutter at the thought that Sherlock found me attractive. I never thought he would ever find another person, male or female, attractive, so this was a complete shock.
Sherlock guided the bow we both held over the strings and assisted me in playing the first few notes of ‘London Bridge Is Falling Down’.
“It’s not okay John!” Sherlock cried. He stood and crossed to the mantelpiece, running his shaking hands through his hair desperately. His voice wavered and broke as he said, “How could this possibly be okay?”
In an attempt to calm my nerves, I brushed my teeth and performed all other pre-sleep necessities slowly before making my way back to Sherlock’s door. I knocked hesitantly and upon hearing Sherlock’s bid for me to enter, took a breath and went in.
Mycroft took a visible step backwards, a look of surprise on his face. It was only there for a moment and then his calm façade was firmly back in place. He spoke on, “It was still too dangerous to involve you. We had to make sure you weren’t in any immediate danger from Moran…”
I smiled, that was the most endearing thing he had ever said to me and it made my heart melt with utter joy. I nodded understandingly, leading him by the hand over to the couch, “It’s okay, I’ll show you.”
Mycroft nodded gravely. He opened his mouth to say something but Sherlock’s voice echoed from the bathroom, “John… John, I don’t feel well…”
I moaned at the sweet friction, watching Sherlock as his lips parted slightly and his pupils dilated. I smiled to myself, I had thought our first sexual experience would be awkward and weird because of my uncertainty towards my newfound sexuality and Sherlock’s lack of experience. But now in this moment, I didn’t feel weird or uncomfortable. I felt content, at peace and helplessly turned on by Sherlock watching me.
Later that night, Sherlock and I were sitting in a café across from the bank that was around the corner from our client’s tobacconist shop. I was nursing a cup of tea whilst Sherlock was reclining in his chair and gazing intently across the road.
Greg and Mycroft exchanged glances just as Mrs Hudson appeared in the doorway, saying quietly, “Is this what I think it is?”
Slowly, I approached his bed and sat down by his side. Gently, I took his hand in mine and squeezed softly, just so he knew I was there for him. I rubbed my thumb over the back of his hand in small, slow circles and sure enough, he calmed down slightly.
There was silence for a moment after Sherlock’s words faded from the air. I was listening intently for any sound of movement but all I could hear was the pounding of my own heart in my ears and the rattling of my nervous breath in my throat.
The next few minutes were fuzzy, but I vaguely registered more voices around me as I was being moved around. I closed my eyes and listened dimly to the voices as my body started swaying backwards and forwards. Presumably, I was being moved out of the factory on a gurney, but I found that I really didn’t care that much. The painkillers were quite nice.
I was on the verge of tears myself; this was just too much for me to handle. All of these things happened to the person I hold most dear in life and he was doing it to protect me? I couldn’t even process it.
“For instance,” Sherlock continued thoughtfully, “I find your hands extremely enticing…” He took the hand that was on his neck and turned it over in one of his own. “Especially your fingers… they’re fingers that heal with tenderness and care…” He kissed one of my fingers delicately, making me hum appreciatively, “but they can deal such violence with the same precision…” He licked the inside of the next finger from base to tip, drawing another hum from me as I buried my face in his neck.
I backed away from the laptop and collapsed onto the arm of Sherlock’s chair, my knees unable to support me as horror, anger and disgust warred within me. Mycroft hesitated as Sherlock continued to empty his stomach in the bathroom. He looked between the bathroom and the laptop, as though he wished he could comfort his little brother, but hurried over to the laptop instead. When he saw the photo, a cold fury settled in Mycroft’s eyes and his umbrella clattered to the floor. With a growl of anguish, he slammed the laptop lid closed so forcefully that the desk rattled.
As I reached the kitchen, I turned back and announced in a calm, steely voice, “Alright, here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to talk to Sherlock and in the meantime, you two had better figure out a plan that ends with that sick bastard dead at our feet.”
I suppressed my laughter and clapped Greg on the shoulder, “But you wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“I would give you the world if I could because that’s what I think you deserve. But it’s not about ‘deserving’ anything, it’s about supporting each other and loving each other without holding anything back. Because I do, Sherlock, I love you. I think I’ve loved you since we stood laughing in the hallway downstairs, after I chased you across London for the first time! Come to think of it, the moment I realised was actually down to Irene Adler.”
I chuckled and we sat snuggled together in comfortable silence for a while until Sherlock sat up, looking down at where his hand was rubbing my shoulder, “John, I’ve been thinking…”
Well, maybe romantic was the wrong word. Rather he tolerated my soppy tendencies of hugging him from behind, or pulling him closer to spoon me in bed (usually I’m the little spoon). I had been pleasantly surprised by his behaviour, finding his uncertainty and confusion towards romantic gestures endearing.
“I could explain why but you would lose interest and probably scold me because of where it came from,” Sherlock replied.
“It’s okay, Sherlock,” I whispered, not letting go of the far too thin body, “I’m not upset, I just want to help.”
“I know, I know it’s just… overwhelming…” Sherlock said quietly, wiping desperately at his eyes as if the tears shamed him, “I’m sorry, that was amazing, you were amazing, I just… I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“I might have let slip that I thought he was beautiful... and then he said he thought something about bees was beautiful, and then I think he compared me to that... honestly it was a very confusing conversation,” I said with a wry smile.
Although, as the weeks rolled into months, it became less of a struggle to get Sherlock to take his pills and eat, and slowly but surely I noticed him putting on some weight. He was still the stick of a man he used to be but there were no longer bones sticking out where they shouldn’t. His flashbacks slowly became less intense and further apart so I started weaning him off his medication.
Greg looked just as shocked as I felt before a wry smile tugged at his lips, “Yes I did, thanks very much. Someone around here had to keep a level head.”
I held my breath hoping that he wouldn’t freak out too much and as it turned out, his reaction wasn’t quite as drastic as I expected. He lay there for a moment, eyes looking me over as if to reassure himself that it was truly me, before letting go of my hand, sitting up and scooting over to the other side of the bed quickly.
He tensed momentarily before crumbling completely in my arms. He broke down, taking in heaving breaths as my shirt became damp with his silent tears. I then spotted marks on his back; long red marks criss-crossing the pale flesh, and I knew exactly how he got them. He was whipped as well.
I swallowed hard and nodded again, this time with more confidence, “I’m glad you’re alright. And I agree, we are going to finish this tonight, one way or another… But Sherlock, no matter how determined you are, Moran will try to get in your head. I think this will set you back a ways, I just don’t know how far.”
He was breathing heavily, leaning against the mantelpiece for support, but he whispered, “No, it, it’s not y-your fault. It’s n-no-one’s fault. We both got a bit, um, carried away…”
I reached for the arm that Sherlock offered me. Carefully, he helped ease me down out of the ambulance. I wrapped an arm around his waist for support and gave him a quick squeeze of reassurance. Sherlock smiled down at me thinly, relief and affection shining in his eyes. I smiled back at him as I began to limp over to Moran, my leg throbbing dully.
She giggled as I buried my face in my hands in a vain attempt to hide my blush, “Oh my god, please stop saying 'parts'!”
Sherlock pulled away and cleared his throat, “Yes, thank you for everything.” He looked as though he was debating with himself for a moment, before Sherlock pulled his brother in for the fastest, most uncomfortable looking hug I’ve ever witnessed.
Mycroft took a step back and straightened his waistcoat, feigning indifference despite the emotion written on his face, “You’re welcome. Now go home and get some rest. I’ll handle everything and be in touch soon.”
The inspector took a sip of his own beverage as I considered the question, “Well, he did start crying after we had sex last night…”
Sherlock grinned and raised his eyebrows at me, saying with a laugh, “Whichever helps you sleep at night my dear doctor!”
Sherlock pursed his lips together into a thin line and balled his hands into fists. I was worried that I may have upset him again but he nodded for me to continue.
“Not really,” Sherlock replied, looking down at our locked hands, “I’ve just never really understood the point of it is all. I thought it was strange to want to put your mouth against someone else’s…”
“He’s uh, not too good to be perfectly honest with you,” I told him what Sherlock and I had agreed upon. When I finished talking, there was silence on the other end.
Sherlock looked at my arm linked through his own, and a tiny hint of a smile ghosted across his mouth. He paused for a second before snuggling into me slightly. This was a slight shock but also a revelation as, to my surprise, it was not entirely unwanted.
I pressed my own kiss to her temple and smiled, wrapping my arm around her slender shoulders, “Thanks Mrs. H. I’m glad you’re here to look after us.”
As we sat in companionable silence around the table in the kitchen, I was thinking over the idea of going to the surgery.
After Greg had finished at the crime scene, we went out to a coffee shop and I told him all about Sherlock’s behaviour over the past weeks. He was just as worried as me but had no ideas as to what could have happened to him for the detective to be acting this way.
“Well, you’re right Mr Holmes, I have been typing and it is to some extent why I’m here. Last week, I received an e-mail inviting me to join something called The Red-Headed League. They offered six hundred and fifty pounds a week to do some ministerial work for a few hours every day.”
Holy crap! Six years later and I'm FINALLY coming back to this story! Better late than never though I guess! I had a tough time of it for a little while with mental health but I feel able to and excited about writing again, though I may be a little rusty! Here is the next chapter, and I hope to keep updating when I can and eventually finish this story!
I rolled Sherlock over gently and kissed him hungrily on those gorgeous lips of his as I shimmied out of my boxers. Sherlock reached down and wrapped a loose hand experimentally around my cock. I gasped and began to thrust slowly into Sherlock’s fist as I moved my kisses slowly down his body until his hand couldn’t reach my crotch anymore and I was kissing along his hipbones.
The young man smiled tightly and led the way back to the door. Sherlock looked speedily around behind the counter before following Vincent Spaulding. He gave directions, gazing out into the street, allowing Sherlock to observe him without being spotted.
Through the buzzing in my head, I distantly heard voices shouting at each other, as though I had cotton wool in my ears. The one sound that brought my hearing back to sharp clarity and snapped time back to its regular speed was a deep baritone rumbling from beneath me.
The weeks that followed unfolded much in the same fashion as this first day did. I would phone Harry every so often for her advice regarding the detective but mostly Sherlock would play his violin, do experiments, watch TV idly and have flashbacks.
Sherlock smiled at me with a shadow of his old smirk, resting his forehead against mine, “… So, were you actually jealous then?”
Sherlock and I exchanged glances as we recognised the voices from downstairs, and Sherlock’s eyes grew wide as we listened to the patter of urgent footsteps up the stairs.
“Good morning John, dear,” Mrs Hudson said pleasantly as she cleaned up some of the mess that littered the kitchen benches.
“He picked me up and took me to a special MI-6 hospital or something so Moran wouldn’t find me… hmm…”
Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes and leaning his forehead against mine. I could tell how upset he was that he had gone too far. I wanted to do something for him, something that wouldn’t be too much for them. And I had the perfect thing.
I smiled, typical Sherlock, but it was a good idea. If he put his emotions into his compositions then played them to me it might be an easier way for us to communicate.
He mumbled something incoherent into my chest as he nuzzled closer. He looked so peaceful when that brilliant brain of his slowed as the haze of sleep covered it. Upon Sherlock’s nuzzling, I smiled and realised I couldn’t leave him here to wake up alone.
We were at a crime scene and Sherlock was standing over the body of a woman, looking around her dingy flat for clues. She had been brutally stabbed and there was blood everywhere. Even I, who had seen this kind of thing before as an army doctor, felt slightly sick at the sight.
Eventually Sherlock’s breathing became steadier and then slowed into an even rhythm. I scooted down on the bed, taking Sherlock with me and I lay there with him, holding him, stoking his black curls for the rest of the night. And for once, he didn’t have any nightmares.
“Well,” I began awkwardly, "It's really no different than with bees, I guess. It's like, when someone just makes perfect sense to you, and when you look at them they just... feel right."
Greg slapped me carefully on the back a few times, “You’re right. Get out of here you two, get some well-earned rest.”
With one final twist of my wrist Sherlock was crying out in pleasure and I was not far behind, riding it out with Sherlock’s name like a prayer on my lips. I collapsed onto Sherlock in a hazy state of sheer contentedness. We lay like that for a while as we caught our breath, a sticky mess gluing us together.
“Oh yes, very straightforward case!” Sherlock mused. He smiled at my disbelieving yet affectionate look, “I expect we shall wrap it up completely tonight.”
I would’ve said more to reassure him, but someone shoved a tube towards my face and told me to breathe in. I inhaled the painkiller that was in the tube and felt quite suddenly as though I was floating on a cloud. I promptly inhaled some more.
Thankfully I was jerked out of reverie by my phone’s incessant buzzing before I got too excited. I looked at the screen; it was Harry.
With that, he walked out of his office and started ordering people around, preparing for the arrest. I left Scotland Yard and caught a cab to Baker Street. I hadn’t expected Sherlock to be there and sure enough he wasn’t.
Sherlock looked at me with that expression that said, ‘why do I have to explain this to you, are you really that stupid?’ “Why would I go to the trouble of making and carrying two cups of tea when I can just make one large one for you and drink yours?”
He closes his eyes, tries to conjure of the face that’s smiling at him, handing him a drink. He remembers thinking that he wasn’t quite ready for what might be happening, but he was curious. Nervous and wondering…
It feels different from last time, and whatever he was injected with might be wearing off. In some bizarre, sociopathic way, it makes sense to want your victim alive when you kill them. Very poetic.
Thinking of his flat, he feels unaccountably sad. He’s already decided he needs to look for a better place, one that won’t magnify his tendency to isolate himself, which is clearly contributing to the depression he often wakes with.
Matt gave him a pair of pleather jeans, rather tight, and he’s found a studded vest at a local thrift shop, along with some chains. His moustache is still thin, but he’s filled it in with an eye pencil. His hair looks fairly scruffy. Rob Halford was what he was originally thinking, but he’s not about to shave his head. He might bleach it white instead. Early Halford.
that Sherlock doesn’t feel the same. He’s not romantic, doesn’t do relationships, married to his work. He sees John as a convenience. He went on that first date because his friends urged him to, not because he was looking for love. He decided that this small, limping army doctor solved several problems: the rent, the tea, and sex. John accommodates his oddities, does the shopping, and smooths over problems with Lestrade and company.
“Emergency Medicine.” He smiles. “My father thinks I ought to become an orthopaedic surgeon. He says in another twenty years everyone will have a knee or hip replacement. Solid income, no shortage of patients.”
“And he will. Like all goldfish, he has a short memory. The grief he feels now will soon give way to more ordinary concerns. His life will be dull, and he will get used to that. He will start dating a dull woman and think about marriage. Don’t look so depressed. What did you think would happen?”
“I’ll talk to her,” Irene said briskly. “No worries. You’ll get a message from me tomorrow letting you know when our next read-through will be.”
“Ridiculous,” I repeated. “It was an impulsive act on your part. I believe you would follow your instincts even if they led straight into the Black Hole of Calcutta. We’re lucky that Lestrade and Gregson are imbeciles.”
I sat thinking about my mother’s plan to ruin my life. No doubt she gave up on Mycroft because he is more devious than I am, which is saying a lot. He clearly
“Certainly not,” I said. “Regardless, I will be playing a role, not myself, and will adapt my seduction to its object.”
When she closes her computer, files away the papers on her desk, people begin leaving the other offices, chatting about evening plans, tomorrow’s meeting. When she moves to turn the lights off— only then do I stand.
He stares off into nothing for a while, then closes his eyes. He looks back at me, his face grim. “I’ve seen jumpers before, and it’s less time than you think.” He takes a large swallow of beer. “Possible? Maybe. Are you saying that the scene was tampered with?”
She will then explain it to him in a way that makes him feel like it’s all his fault, like he was the one who blew up this marriage.
He had no interest in seeing Irene naked. “Why are you doing this? Molly’s script is abysmal, which might be a challenge, and though you love a challenge, that’s not why you’re doing this. You’re working with out-of-work actors who desperately need a break, but you’re actually a ruthless person, so this isn’t a charity thing. Do you owe someone a favour?”
No one complained, not about the food or the blankets or the cold. I did not complain, either. I lay in my small bed, remembering Bessie’s words to me: t
Brook had followed his career closely. For a moment, Sherlock imagined a small, dingy flat, the walls covered with pictures— some publicity photos, some paparazzi shots, snapped at a distance, some taken on the sets of films. His face in a hundred different photos, all of them together a creepy shrine to Sherlock Holmes.
“Then you must also be unaware that your fandom has a large number of members who ship your characters.”
“Professor Bellamy!” Watson called, hurrying across the lobby towards an older man in evening dress. He had a beard that was neatly trimmed, laced with grey.
Sherlock is handsome, very posh, and John immediately breaks out in a cold sweat. A bad idea, meeting someone like this. His leg aches. He feels underdressed, badly dressed, and wishes he hadn’t agreed to this.
“I think we would get along,” he replies. “And no, I wasn’t looking for a flatmate. I wasn’t even looking for romance. And yet, here you are.”
“Nobody ever goes into acting with a goal of doing adverts,” he replied. “And nobody whose face is known from selling anything ever gets a serious role.”
“The suicide forest, near Mount Fuji. Most popular destination in the world for people who plan to kill themselves. Seventy-three bodies were recovered there last year. They do annual searches.”
“Stay. You’re obviously not in any shape to wander around the streets. You need to talk. I’ll listen.”
Sherlock is mostly okay with this, in concept. His acknowledgement of John’s job doesn’t stop him from texting while John is at work. If John’s with a patient when the text comes in and fails to answer immediately, he will keep texting until John calls him and reminds the impatient git that he does have a job.
For the next twenty minutes, Allen held forth on various cameras and the development of colour photography. Bellamy was silent, regarding his young assistant with a look I recognised. It had been a long time, but the man had not changed.
I follow Mycroft out. He tells me I can ride with him in a car following the hearse. That’s all he says to me. He knows there’s nothing else to say now.
His brother sniffs. “There are exceptions to every rule, brother. Right now, however, I’m thinking not of parties, but of lunch.” He graces Lestrade with a rare, genuine smile. “Perhaps, if you have time, Mr Lestrade, you’d join me?”
I tried keeping the skull in my bedroom, but John kept moving it out to the sitting room. I suppose he liked to have it watching who came and went. But it was also for me that he moved it.
It’s still a new thing, but he has decided he likes it. Yes, definitely. John sleeps a lot more than he does, which gives Sherlock time to lie in bed and watch him sleep.
. He has to look more doped out than he’s beginning to feel, but also keep Michael talking until he’s awake enough to fight back. The duct tape is a problem, but if he can move, he has a chance against his murderer. Would-be murderer. His resemblance to Holmes is superficial, the hair, the height. He lacks the awareness, the hyper-activity. And he’s thin, not in a lean, muscular way. Just skinny. Probably not used to fighting.
John apparently doesn’t have shared custody. Does he feel guilty? Does he miss his daughter? Does he still love his wife, who rejected him?
Once inside his flat, he put on his pyjamas and dressing gown, lit a cigarette, and pushed the DVD for
.” I watched him hang my jacket and shirt, fold the tie and tuck it into the pocket. “Is there anything else,
I don’t fall asleep. I stare at the ceiling. Then I try closing my eyes. All I want is to drop into a deep, dreamless sleep so I can wake up in the morning and walk through my day like a normal person. I don’t want to be a person whose eyes fill with tears when he sees a long coat, or a pink phone, or a blue scarf. I don’t want to feel a dull ache in my chest when I open the door of 221B and look up the stairs, knowing that you’re not there.
“She has given up on me,” Mycroft replied. He eyed the biscuits warily, hesitated, then took another. “I am what can politely be termed a
“You’re a minor,” I replied, neatly plucking the phone out of her hands and scrolling through her contacts. “And we do not wish to be accused of kidnapping you.”
Another baby story. Young Marley has certainly had a busy week, being born and all, and sleeping. No, this is an eating story. A story about breastfeeding.
on it, the door opened. In haste I extinguished the lantern, but it was too late to take my place behind the curtain without Milverton seeing.
The door bangs shut. Sherlock hears a car, no doubt black and nearly silent, cruise up to the kerb. Bits of conversation float up through the windows, doors open and close, and the car pulls away.
When he spoke this time, his voice had changed. Instead of the exaggerated inflexion, he spoke quietly. “Perhaps, thanks to your brother’s resources. You were a posh kid from a family that could afford things. What if you’d been born poor, like me? Would anyone have noticed you, given you a chance? What if your brother hadn’t put you in rehab? I’m guessing that Sherlock Holmes would only be a trivia question now.
