“Goodnight, my love,” She whispered as she headed over the door and shut off the light. An owl hooted outside and the crickets chirped. It was just an oddly warm October night. She closed the door softly and everything was quiet.
“Because you deserve it after all you’ve been through with your parents’ divorce and your Dad recently dying in your arms last month. Plus I will love you through and through. I love you Dean,” She basically whispered which caused him to smile as tears welled up in his eyes. He kissed her again and she kissed back him in a hum.
Apparently Sammy did good for himself. Like that girl Jessica damn if she wasn’t my brother’s girlfriend I would jump right on that. We can say I like Sammy’s type but in other words I think we have a case. Sammy says he will think on it but with the knowledge of a case he better fucking help me.
Deli lied down next to a reading Dean and sighed in bliss. He put his book down and grabbed Deli’s hand. She leaned her head on his shoulder and he hugged her tight. “I love you so much,” He muttered as she breathed lightly against his chest. He moved his book from his lap to the nightstand and turned off his reading light. He lied down and they both went to sleep soundly.
“Hi baby. How about we go for a drive?” He almost cooed and grabbed the keys which were in the cup holder. He stuck them in the keyhole and Baby started up right away with a beautiful purr. “Don’t worry Babe. I’m not going to hurt you. Uncle Dean would litterly raise from the dead and murder me,” He laughed out as the garage door slowly opened.
Dean smiled and pushed his hair back and then sighed. He was staring at an apartment door sweating like a pig. He breathed in deep and knocked on the door flinching with each knock. The door opened and there stood a half dressed dark haired woman. She was wearing a baggy gray shirt with a faded Led Zeppelin logo on it.
He picked up a  small teddy bear that had an eye missing he pressed in his stomach and with a slight glitch the quiet voice of his father said, “Good Night, son. I love you.”  He smiled warmly but anger suddenly hit him like a bullet train. He chucked the teddy bear across the room into the wall as his vision blurred. He kicked a shelf as hard as possible and then pain went up his body. He dropped to the ground  and held his foot in pain.
The snow was falling lightly on their heads as they made their way to Dean’s car. As he opened the trunk to his car he heard a deep chuckle in his ear. He quickly turned around and Deli looked at him confused.
“You and Eileen have any kids?” Dean said and Sam almost stopped in his tracks but he kept himself going. Sam looked to his feet and it seemed as his shivering was replaced with a different kind of shaking.
An older woman in her early to mid 60s sat at the end of the couch as Dean lied there looking dead at the ceiling. She patted his thigh and breathed out lightly. There was no more joy left in Dean’s eyes, just pain and misery.
“Son, calm down.”  He got Henry to stop crying and placed him down back in his cot. He sat down with his hands in his hair and sighed. She sat down next to him and smiled trying to hide the pain that she felt as well because Deli was her daughter-law and she loved her too, for goodness sakes Deli wore her wedding dress at their wedding.
“Did you hear about the animal attacks?” One of the men asked in a deep Tennasee accent. The other man scoffed loudly and placed a cigarette in his mouth.
Suddenly Dean screamed out a pain longed out, “No!” He rushed for a bawling Henry and coddled him in his arms as he rushed out of the room down the stairs and out of the front door. He looked at the house in a pained expression, tears beginning to run down his face. This was the end to Dean's perfect happiness and it could not have ended in any worse of a way.
“What happened?” She joked and he looked around spooked. There was no one near them and the only people on the street were some kids catching snowflakes on their tongues all the way across the road. There was nowhere that that chuckle could have come from because it sounded like it was right in his left ear.
“He has the Winchester fighting spirit so real good,” She replied, still looking out of it and very tired. She handed him the baby and he smiled brightly at his son. “I’m going to take a nap. Take care of Henry until the nurse comes to pick him up,” She yawned out. He nodded and sat on the couch next to the window. Deli fell asleep quickly and that just left Dean and Henry.
“Love you too,Deli,” He whispered and put his hands on her hips. He pushed her long dark brown hair behind her ear and she giggled. “Can we talk about how gorgeous my beautiful fiancee is?” She shook her head in embarrassment blushing like a schoolgirl. “Because wowzers she is like a Greek Goddess and she’s a queen in the sheets, she is way out of my league. By God am I lucky?” She bit her lip and giggled. “I also came to help you pack after all heavy lifting probably isn’t good for our baby,” He joked and she took his hand and placed it on her stomach. He smiled as he felt the baby move.
As Sam was shaking out his hair Dean got up strained and uncomfortable. Dean pulled up his black under shirt to reveal bruises and small lacerations covering his body. He groaned as he pulled down his shirt and started putting his clothes back on. Sam pulled up his sleeves and his arms were just as bad as Dean’s tourso.
From the shelf fell a box and what looked like journals spilled all over the floor. There were at least fifteen journals each of them were labeled with years all between the years of 2005 and 2020. Dean crawled his way to the journals and opened up the one labeled 2005 and read the first page.
We are gonna look for the thing that killed Jess first and if within a week we don’t find it we’re going to the coordinates which Sam already found out that it’s Blackwater Ridge in the middle of the woods if this wasn’t Dad I would believe Sammy.”
“I came to pick up my shirt but it seems you like it,” He said smiling in a cocky manner. She smiled back and opened the door wider. She bit her lip and he walked into her apartment. “To make you feel bad that was my uncle’s shirt,”
A little bit later Dean woke up and looked around and there he was lying on a hospital bed. Deli sat at his feet and smiled at him and then played with his feet. “Good morning, Mr.Winchester,” she sang and he shook his head in embarrassment.
The only explanation that he could think of was vampires. Only a week before he would've thought he lost his mind but now it was the only thing that made sense. The men left so Dean didn’t have much to go on but it seemed to happen in the area and it wouldn’t take much research. So he got in Baby and the radio went on blast it was some good ol 70s rock and roll.
He kept reading until he got midway though 2007 when to the point they killed Azazel. All needed was a magic gun created by some random cowboy, great. He had no idea where to find it though and no idea where to find Azazel but he did how to find him.
Dean got up and looked out into the snowy parking lot and his eyes went wide. There in the side of the parking lot was a black 1967 Chevy Impala with a slight dent on the side. There was a light layer of snow on the top of it that made it stand out.
Deli came out of the room in a black puffy coat and a pair of jeans and a pair black combat boots. Her hair was in a messy bun with earmuffs. She looked disheveled but to Dean she was just as beautiful as ever. “Ready to go outside?” She asked and he taped the box closed. He picked up the box and nodded. She grabbed a box next to her and they made their way outside.
He shifted in the chair and wiped the tears from his cheeks. “I need to go get something from the house. So Mom please watch over Henry?” She nodded and before he left he took Henry in his arms and smiled. “Be good for Grandma Amber, ok?” He whispered to him and then put him back down.
The house was only at most twenty miles away and for this drive there would usually call for music but it just didn’t seem right with Deli not being there. So Dean drove for those thirty minutes in complete silence and those thirty minutes were pure agony. Everything was different and it wasn’t for the better. He didn’t want to raise his son without a mother but now he didn’t have a choice.
After a couple hours the baby monitor chimed in with the screaming and crying of a baby. Deli’s eyes fluttered open and then she hit Dean’s chest softly. He woke up groggy and stared at her. “It’s your turn,babe,” she said, still half asleep.
Dean got up and pulled the tarp off of the Impala and dust flew everywhere.This caused Dean to cough a little as he batted at the air in front of his face. He smiled down at the Impala and ran his hand delicately across her side. He moved to the driver door and got in the front seat. He softly gripped the wheel and chuckled.
“Those ain’t no animal attacks. Coyotes don’t suck grown men dry,” The man with a cigarette said his accent just as deep. This caused Dean to listen even closer. The Tennessee man scoffed and looked at the man like he was insane.
“Let those motherfuckers fire me. If they aren't going to let me grieve they might as well burn in Hell,” He screamed and that caused Henry in a cot to the side to cry. He got up quick and made his way to his son and bounced him as tears continued to stream down his face. The woman rubbed his back and smiled lightly,
Sam groaned and reached for his forehead. It was wet. He pulled his hand away and it was covered in blood. He was on his back surrounded by trees and next to him was a creek. He blinked in his daze trying to get the sun out of his eyes. He sat up putting his hand back on his forehead and moaning in pain. He looked to his side and Dean lying on his stomach. He crawled his way over to Dean and shook him with his little energy.
When he finally spoke he said, “It was nice. I got married.” Dean nodded and smiled. Then Dean gave him a sly eye.
Dean leaned against Baby as he texted him Mom. She was freaking out because out of nowhere he just randomly decided he was going on a road trip and she had to watch his kid. Dean was trying desperately to explain why he was doing what he was doing without mentioning any sorts of demons and such but it was kind of hard. A light snow was falling proving that this year was going to be awfully cold winter with it not even being Halloween yet.
“Son of a bitch we’re back,” He growled and took a deep breath. He carded through his hair and laughed out hopelessly. They both straightened out their jackets. “Welp let’s find Baby and find out who the hell brought us back,” Dean suggested and Sam nodded and agreed.
The room was warm and both Sam and Dean were now clean. The newspaper was really hard to find so finding the date was hard for them because Dean knew how crazy it would sound if he asked someone the date while covered in blood so they had to find a newspaper. The date read “October, 28th, 2057.”
He closed his eyes to go back to sleep but soon as he relaxed he heard a blood curdling scream. He hopped out of bed at the speed of a jet engine. He ran into Henry’s room and there stood a man looking over the crib. The man suddenly snarled out, “Don’t worry. Sweet little baby Henry is fine. I came for her.” The man pointed up to the ceiling and there was Deli, blood dripping from her eyes, her skin pale, and blood soaking through her white shirt from her stomach. Dean's eyes widened in fear as the man disappeared.
Dean swallowed hard and began to shake. He couldn’t believe it, this couldn’t have happened three times. His father, Sam always told him that his Mother died in 2019 in a freak accident. He saw pictures of her alive and well.
Sam came over and he squinted his eyes, “That can’t be the Impala,” he said whispering but Dean once again didn’t care to hear. Dean grabbed his coat and ran out the door. Sam ran after him quickly and by the time he was in the parking lot Dean was softly sliding his fingers over its side.
Dean sat on the motel room’s bed, hands in his hair and a newspaper right next to him. “ 2057,” Dean muttered out “For God’s sakes, I’ve been dead for thirty seven years,” Sam walked out of the bathroom with newly wet hair. Sam chucked and then sighed.
sorry for the past two weeks. I have been busy with school and having a block I will post every Thursday after tomorrow I hope you guys understand
“Henry Samuel Winchester, I’m always going to protect you. My father always said that angels watch over us and you need to know that too, angels are watching over you, Henry,” Dean hummed out slowly rocking Henry. Henry yawned and fell asleep in Dean’s arms and He looked at peace. Dean got up and placed him in the cot and lied back down on the couch. He closed eyes for a split second and then the deep sinister laugh came back but this time even louder. He jumped up quickly as the nurse walked into the room.
There’s a wound in his shoulder. The trench coat is frayed and torn, but blood doesn’t seep from under it. Broken glass glitters in his hair and on his shoulders and at his feet.
“It matters a great deal, Dean,” Castiel says seriously. “Together, we barely stand a chance, but if Lucifer occupies Sam’s body, you know the results will be catastrophic.”
Instead of answering Dean closes the gap between them and does the only reasonable thing. He kisses Cas, and it’s like something out of a dream, but better. He feels like all the puzzle pieces of his life are slotting together, filling the empty spaces. He feels like he’s on fire, everywhere that Cas is touching him. There are two arms wrapped around him, fingers splayed at the small of his back. He kind of loses himself in the heady happiness of the moment.
“Yes.” Cas says, like it’s obvious. “Well, no, I don’t like that, but I like you. You are unique. And smart. And kind and generous and funny and warm. And you’re my friend. I wouldn't change anything about you.”
Castiel knows from the countless times the story’s been retold to friends and family that he came to at the hospital, but Castiel doesn’t remember it himself. Outside, the TV goes silent. He holds his breath as he hears Daphne’s footsteps. They stop just outside the door. There’s a brief moment of trepidation, but then she leaves. Castiel sighs. He’s ashamed to admit he’s relieved she’ll be sleeping in what is now her own room.
And Castiel. He had brothers and sisters in Heaven and he turned on them all because of one man. He was God once and he did it all for one man. He had an army of angels once and he gave it all up for one man. He doesn’t simply love. He falls. He is the darkest seed. The abomination. He’s
Sighing, Dean decides to play it safe. It makes sense to think of Castiel as a friend considering the last conversation they’d had. He’s tapping out a
Sam’s sympathetic, which sucks all kind of balls. The kid is quick to reassure him because of course he is.
The days pass, alternatively disruptive and stifling. The mood in Bobby’s house is moody, broken by stormy fits of anger. In the living room, the TV casts an anemic, flickering light, and emits a constant tinny stream of catastrophic news. Bobby’s police blotter fritzes with frenzied exchanges. The phone rings off the hook for days– frantic hunters encountering towns overrun with demons– before petering off into silence.
Castiel takes a moment to gather himself. Happiness, that’s what that feeling is, buoying him along. “Me too,” he admits, feeling ridiculously shy.
Honestly, Dean doesn’t give a shit. He’ll happily fork over the day’s pay if it means he gets to have this dinner. He sends off a quick text thanking her, and turns his phone off.
“They’re gone, Dean. All gates to Heaven are sealed. Not even Reapers enter. Souls are stuck in limbo or fall to hell and corrupt. It’s over.”
Castiel scowls. “That is not true. You didn’t know I had a girlfriend of three years that I was about to–” he peters off when he sees Dean outside the glass door to his office.
Which is just as well. Castiel doesn’t need to hear the self-loathing drivel or the stupid flimsy excuses Dean would make.
“Yeah, well, take a good look,” Dean says with a snort. “Sam’s of the opinion he’s gonna cure me. And I don’t think– I don’t know, Cas. I’m just so tired of this. Crowley’s coming for me – the chains and cuffs are to slow him down and I’m gonna go. I know I am.”
“Come on, I'll buy you breakfast and drive you to Walmart,” Dean offers, tugging Castiel towards his car.
Dean frowns, a little disappointed. He’s not sure what that’s got to do with anything. “... Alright.”
Chuck blinks, nodding to himself. "I know. I'm sorry all the same. We know you don't understand us, but you try. I don't think any of us ever thought to stop and realize that we don't understand you. No one understands you. How you feel. We don't even know if we can try."
Sure, Castiel was a little unsure about some things—but he wasn’t afraid to ask, and Dean was more than happy to teach. Step by step. They were in absolutely no rush.
Dean cleared his throat. “I, uh, know that getting the roof done is one of the more important jobs, so I figured that I’d take a quick look this morning and catalog what needs replacing and re-shingling while I get some of the debris off and the gutters fixed up.”
, handsome barista Dean, right here in front of him, dressed so temptingly, offering himself in this way. Gorgeous…so beautiful. Better than Castiel deserved. He turned to face Dean again, one hand resting on the edge of the table, fingertips on paper. “Well?”
Dean needed no further encouragement. He pressed a kiss to the flushed head of Castiel’s dick before wrapping his lips tight around it, sucking firmly on the tip before he inched down, straining forward on the bench so that he could rest half of Castiel in his mouth. He worked the underside of Castiel’s cock, rubbing firm circles over the sensitive bundle of nerves beneath the head with the tip of his tongue.
Dean and Castiel stood shoulder-to-shoulder at one corner of the huge holo-table that took up a sizeable amount of space behind the empty white curve of the Captain’s desk. Dean stood on the long side, and Castiel stood on the short side, their elbows meeting at the corner. They both squinted firmly at the shimmering blue-white lines before them. The lines formed a detailed, scaled blueprint of each and every floor of the
“Good boy,” Castiel rumbled, low and heavy. “If you’re very good, you can show off your skills on my cock, later.”
Do you think, now that he's been able to admit to Dean that he's struggling, things will get any better for Cas? Or worse? Let me know!
Castiel’s hands were softer than Dean’s, a fact that Dean marveled at every time Castiel’s long fingers wrapped around the length of him. He didn’t have rough calluses from working like Dean did, yet his hands were strong and sure and sexy. Dean would never confess it to a single soul, but he was pretty sure he was developing some kind of fetish for those fingers.
The pool had a permanent spot next to Dean’s recliner, and from his watery seat, Castiel got the beginnings of a pop culture education.
noise that seemed to be coming from one of the many bedrooms upstairs. He edged closer, holding his breath.
Castiel leaned in further, that snarl on his face that always reminded Dean of the vicious animal the lurked below the surface of Castiel’s stoic demeanor, ready to emerge when provoked. They were very alike, sometimes, he and Cas. “You haven’t seen the things we’ve seen these past years,” Castiel hissed. “You weren’t here when the angels fell, when Amara came back, when—”
Hope; that was the fragile thing that was growing in Dean’s ribcage. Soft, and new, and growing, just as the tiny feathers renewing Castiel’s wings must be. A tiny flash of it, perhaps, but even that… Hope was something Dean had never even dreamed of having.
“I did ask the man why they came down—as far as I knew we weren’t due for any kind of inspection. He was kind enough to tell me that they’d had a tip off from a ‘concerned citizen’ that there might be some violations here, that some of my workers might be at risk.” Bobby folded his arms across his chest, looking evil. “Anybody know anything about that?”
“Here,” Dean said, releasing Castiel’s butt long enough to tilt his body forward over the mattress and reach toward the nightstand. With a shudder of cheap, ill-assembled wood, the drawer jolted open. Shoving his hand inside, Dean groped around until his fingers closed around the half-empty bottle of lubricant, some drugstore KY knockoff.
In front of them, bricked in at the edges and easily the size of an Olympic swimming pool, there was a well-cared-for pond. Its surface rippled gently in the breeze.
“Sounds great,” Dean said, smiling lazily against Castiel’s temple as they shifted into a comfortable position. “Though when the sun sets we should head up to the cabin and get you some clothes before you catch a cold.”
The smell of the Leviathan Blossom clung to them all as they rode back across the Nebraska state line, heading for home. Dean was glad to leave the chichi pink elephants behind; he’d be having nightmares about those things, he knew it.
Holding a finger up to Sam to pause him for a moment, Dean leaned forward across his knees so that he could reach down and tie his boots. Worn jeans, his boots, and a soft plaid shirt—that was fine, right? It’d better be, Dean thought grumpily. His layers were more than a fashion choice, they were a self-defense mechanism, so hipster fashion could suck it. Though…he did see a lot of hipsters in plaid. Maybe they had issues, too.
Shaking, Castiel gave Dean’s ass one final slap, almost a soft tap, before pulling back. He wrapped his fingers tight around the condom as he pulled out, not letting it slip or spill.
The cliff edges were lined with large rocks, smoothed down to fairly comfortable seats thanks to the frequent tides. Dean headed for one of the closer spots, the water barely past his knees as he approached it.
“And like this,” Dean said, nodding before he leaned back in, pressing their mouths together again. He was more active then, their kiss slow, and heavy, and passionate, before trailing to soft parting pecks as neither wanted to stop, merely forced to take breaths.
Dean’s small gulp was audible, and his voice rough when he came back with a question of his own. “Say that you mean that, that you were interested in the diner—what about now? What if I didn’t want to leave?”
Castiel slumped forward then, letting go of the couch as Dean’s hands came up to pull Castiel into his lap, entwining their lips, come and all.
Fuck, Dean was hot. Even if the room hadn’t been packed with people, his checked shirt was thick and Castiel was
“I want you,” Dean said. He gulped, pulling in air from the inches he’d managed to put between them. “But this is sudden, and I don’t want you to think—”
“Alright, coffee,” Dean said quietly, already pouring black nectar into the cup with practiced precision. Slipping on the plastic top, Dean placed the coffee within Castiel’s reach. His smile was the very picture of
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, building pressure in his lower abdomen giving his voice a croaky quality. “Want that, Cas… Want you to sink inside me, stretch me out good, fill me up. Your gorgeous, Cas. Shit, I want you…”
“Come back to San Francisco,” Castiel echoed, blinking. He was surprised that Balthazar even knew what the words ‘environmentally conscious’ meant—when had he learned what that meant? “Balth, I can’t… The inn is almost done, but I don’t even have a buyer yet, and—”
Dean couldn’t hear Castiel’s noises but he could still swallow them, greedily cherishing the buzzing of Castiel’s vocal cords as they announced his enjoyment through his skin.
“In theory,” Dean said, chuckling as he shrugged. “We never exactly dated, unless you count us fake-dating with Charlie and Gilda or having dinner at the Roadhouse as husbands-who-weren’t.”
that he did whenever Castiel wasn’t close. He felt it more than Castiel did, which made sense, he supposed; he was the one with a chunk of himself missing, connected as they were.
Dean floated on the buzz that Castiel’s adoring look caused in his body as they drove along. He gave the Social Security Office a small smile as they went past it, thinking how much things had changed since the last time they were in this area. When he pulled his attention back within the car, he realized that Castiel was looking at it too, and squeezed his fingers.
He lost track of time, and Castiel’s gentle touch and grip on his arm made him jerk his head forward off the wall, his eyes flying open to a blurry world of clinical lights and stark walls. The bag of frozen fruit slipped down to his shoulder with a wet, cold slap.
Amara gave Michael a little shrug. “Who knows. It’s irrelevant, now. I’m free, and I’ve changed. What question do you have for me?”
“Thank you for cooking,” Dean said. “No one’s cooked breakfast for me since my dad died. And he wasn’t the best cook, let me tell you. I used to feed Sammy so that Dad wouldn’t send him to school on carbonized toast.”
Dean shook his head, sitting up. “You could totally do it, a smart guy like you. It’s simple. I bet I could teach you.”
Dean shrugged awkwardly, moving back over to the bed. “Yeah, well, I—I told you yesterday, dude. You’re important to me, okay? So, if I can help you, then I will. In whatever way you’ll let me.”
“Negotiation first,” Castiel agreed, pulling back the opposite chair. He reached down to pinch at the leather of his pants, helping them stretch over his rather ample thighs as he sat down. Day-to-day, Castiel was
“It’s always the same with team projects,” Castiel agreed grumpily. He was practically pouting, to Dean’s amusement. “Certain parties pull all the weight, while others drag their heels and make things harder for the rest of us. Of course, when the project is finally finished, everyone will be praised equally because Naomi has no idea what any of us do.”
and crossed his arms; it was a childish response, but really, what other option did he have? They all had his number already.
“Only the best for my most irritating customer,” Dean said warmly, wiping his hands and then tossing the white towel back over his shoulder.
“And you…you don’t mind being bound to me? What if you decide that…” Castiel didn’t finish his sentence, trailing off, the sound of the waves
“Yeah, I know how it is,” Sam agreed, stirring his tea. “It was the same in Stanford. It was…kind of a relief, honestly, after growing up here.”
Dean rolled his eyes, causing himself to wince. Maybe it really was a good idea to get someone to check his head, just in case. Once Bobby had departed—taking Baby with him, just in case—Dean pulled the clipboard he’d been given back into his lap.
Dean’s knuckles start aching, alerting him to the fact he’s bruising half-moons into his palms. “I had years to say something, Sam.”
indulging as he did sated a need and balanced him with the person he was playing with. But, outside of the bedroom, or outside of that relationship, Dean was no demure wallflower. He merely thought that it was honest, letting someone know right from the start what they were getting into. So, he strutted his way onto the dancefloor with his head held high, already humming along to the beat.
It was good practice, Dean knew, to try and touch a sub who couldn’t see you—particularly one who you didn’t know well. It helped to ground them and reassure them that even out of sight, their Dom’s control was absolute.
“Not to mention,” Dean added more quietly, “I enjoy your company, very much. And with my family all gone to London, I could use a friend.”
Entirely of their own accord, Dean’s eyes drifted down to Castiel’s thighs, tight against the material of his navy slacks where his trenchcoat fell open, exposing his legs. Running. Well, that explained....that.
“The couch is covered in plastic sheeting, I was planning on repainting the ceiling yesterday, but you wanted the front yard fixed.”
As the water around Gabriel began to slowly thicken and darken to blue once more, Dean licked his lips and gave Gabriel a small nod.
This chapter ended up being much longer than I thought when I was done editing. I did a little poll on Twitter (follow me
horrific to feel underfoot. Resting his weight on the old countertop, Castiel yawned before reaching to turn on the brass tap. He’d need to buy some kind of special polish to—
going to go with Jo’s dumb suggestion, but…baby steps. Spending more time together away from school was a good start.
At Dean’s urging, Castiel turned and flipped, arcing out of the water and curving back into it, hands first, his tail flipping up a gigantic spray of water that formed a misty rainbow of diamond-glittering droplets for a moment in the low sun, right in the middle of the bay.
Dean danced alone again, taking the space to let the air cool his body a little, sipping the last of his beer. When he was down to barely a few mouthfuls, he felt someone step up behind him, their body molding to his spine. Hot air glanced over Dean’s ear as they said, deep and throaty, “A new dance partner, perhaps?”
Castiel nodded. “We are. So, go and rest, Dean. If you leave your address in the chat, I can get these contracts mailed over to you in the morning and you should have them by Monday. If you sign all your pieces and mail them on to Sandover, they can authorize payment for the next stage.”
He smiled, but it was small, something shy about it—a look that Dean rarely ever had about him, it seemed. “I guess working on projects, helping people, fixing things… It makes me feel less broken.”
Flushed, but in one piece and at least laughing, Castiel picked up another broken carrot from near his ankle and threw it at the pig. Fatback merely grunted happily as it bounced off his rump.
Michael lifted his chin, inhaling briefly. “It’s the nag champa,” he said, as if Dean’s question required a serious answer. “Very earthy.”
As Castiel moved one hand gradually down his own stomach, movement drew Dean’s eyes to the scales that covered the front of Castiel’s hips, right where his crotch would be, if he had such a thing.
It took only a second for Castiel to tie off the condom and deposit it in the provided trash can, then he was back, tucking himself back into his pants. Those fucking leather pants. He knelt, cupping Dean’s face in his hands, bringing his head up once more.
Castiel seemed hesitant, but he complied, stretching out on his side next to Dean. “They—they’re getting more sensitive as time goes on, that’s all. As the new feathers start to grow,” he explained quietly. “It feels… Mostly it’s itchy and sore, but when you touch them it… it’s nice,” he finished clumsily.
Something tightened in Dean’s chest, and when his lips parted, no words came out. How did Michael know about the strange connection that he and Castiel had always had? The one that Dean had labelled, years ago, and hid from, and that Castiel had… Well, Dean feared that Castiel had simply never felt or seen it in the same way that Dean did.
Castiel nodded. “Alright. As you prefer to rely mostly on lip reading, then, would it be better for you if I didn’t sign along unless you give me a signal that you need clarification?”
Dean wondered. There was some kind of parallel there, he decided—between Chuck liking to gamble with his pawns, mess with people's lives and set folks against each other, and Chuck setting himself up in a casino—but it would take someone more poetic than Dean to make a pretty phrase of it.
Castiel’s eyes were so big and round that Dean could drown in them. He looked raw, stripped down to an aching vulnerability that was totally at odds against everything Dean knew about his stubborn, strong warrior-friend.
“He guessed,” Castiel admitted, looking a little sheepish before he peered around. “Did you have somewhere in mind to go?”
It was a sudden sound; the sound of dry-rot cracking underfoot. It was closely followed by an unmanly shriek that burst from Castiel without permission as the planks he stood on shifted.
What did you think of Dean's daring (or we could say reckless) rescue, and his care after? Dean's always been much better with actions than words, in my opinion.
Dean stood and followed the short, limping man through a filthy beaded curtain into the back. Dean wondered where the guy had got the limp—wondered if it was one of the workers. Hoped that it was.
Rooting through the duffle, Dean pulled out all the thick pillar candles that Sam had packed for him. He’d put them in sturdy glass jars to help protect from the wind, making them even heavier. They were all blessed and carved with something or other—Dean hadn’t bothered with the details. He trusted Sam. He’d follow his instructions without question.
Smiling his appreciation, Dean squeezed Castiel’s hip gently. Castiel seemed to like to be touched by Dean, to be constantly close, his other hand coming up to cover Dean’s. Their fingers linked, and they stayed like that while Dean worked himself further open, pushing past the intense burn to work a fourth finger into himself, twisting and turning his hand, just a little further, just a little deeper.
Castiel’s shoulders dropped, but it didn’t seem to be in disappointment; his smile was gentle, and it softened all of him. “Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel kissed Dean like he was precious and breakable, and given all the times they’d hurt each other, that might be true.
While part of Dean wanted to say yes, he also immediately wanted to say no. Charlie seemed nice, and he didn’t want to spend his whole time at K State as a weird loner. But there were just so many things about the invitation which made his chest crunch in on itself oddly.
Thank God, Dean got to sleep in for a couple of hours the next morning, as his first class wasn’t until ten. Even so, he was pretty tired, and a dull headache reminded him that pushing himself and working at the garage half the night wasn’t the wisest decision so soon after a concussion.
For a moment Balthazar seemed stunned to silence again, and Castiel wished he could see his expression. But he recovered, cleared his throat, and tried again.
“Morning!” Charlie was chirping as if she knew the guy, entirely oblivious to the fact that some of Dean’s major organs were struggling to reboot from their sudden system failure.
Once he’d made it halfway across the beach, to a patch of dry, relatively flat sand, Dean dumped the heavy duffle he was hauling down from his shoulder. Witchcraft—he hated it. It was always creepy, and involved, and often heavy. And usually stinky, too, now that he thought of it.
“Dean.” Sam wrinkled his nose. “At least put some real pants on before you call Adler. You know he’ll find any excuse to fire people now that you’re all working from home.”
Dean spun to see Castiel gently zooming in on the Nest within the ship image, holding his wrists at right-angles and using his palms to carefully coax the image outward, like an overly-cautious mime.
“That’s cool,” Dean said, before taking a fortifying breath. “Charlie and a few other friends are going to a party on Thursday night, and I was just wondering—well, I figured Gabriel would probably be going, so I just wondered if you’d heard about it.”
By the time Dean had pulled Baby into the parking lot of Impact, he was already relaxing just from the routine of it. He’d been feeling all over the place, far more bothered and disappointed about being turned down by the gorgeous new regular at Harrington’s Diner than he’d have let on to anyone. Castiel was captivating, and Dean desperately wanted to know more of him—in every way that could be taken. Shooting and missing always sucked, but there was something about the commanding, firm way that Castiel had rejected him (again) that struck a nerve deep in Dean—he felt like he’d done something wrong, as if Cas was a dominant that he’d let down or disobeyed, rather than just a handsome man in a pink and blue building laden with milkshakes.
Dean could hear the invisible air-quotes and he bit down a small grin. “Yeah. Of course. You’re different.”
He managed to do it a couple more times, bobbing his head and sucking hard in between, wrapping one hand around Castiel’s base and twisting his fingers, before Castiel was tapping at his shoulder, somewhat frantic—a warning.
Somehow, Dean had survived dinner. He still had no idea how, even as he and Castiel strolled through the walkways of Lawrence park, hand-in-hand. The sun was almost down, the trees highlighted in faded red and pink, and the water in the ornamental ponds gleamed with glittering yellows and oranges that brought to mind fireworks and bonfires and sparklers fading out in the breeze. The air was warm, spring sprung and clinging on, whispering of summer to come. It was a gorgeous evening.
Castiel shifted his palms through the air like a mime, and the diagram zoomed and twisted rapidly. “This direction?”
Tugging Castiel off his stool so that they could make out lazily against the kitchen counter, Dean allowed himself to think that maybe, just maybe, Castiel could be right.
“Shame,” Dean said, reaching to take a gulp of coffee. “PB&J was your favorite when you were human.”
“It’s been known,” Dean said, a smile in his voice even if the pillow was hiding it from Castiel’s sight. A shame; Dean’s smile was beautiful.
“I came as fast as I could,” Castiel said, letting go of Dean’s arm to free up his hands for conversation. “What happened?”
Circling gulls called overhead, crying out into the thin, cloudy, early-afternoon light. It had rained recently, and Dean’s boots left deep prints in the sandy ground between the troughs of the van’s tire tracks.
Dean went willingly. Curled into Castiel's chest shamelessly, Dean let himself be held while Castiel used his other arm to grab a chocolate bar and water bottle from the basket, then wrap them both in the soft throw blanket from the back of the couch.
Dean wandered the halls, listening for Castiel, wondering where he’d sequestered himself for the night while the Winchesters slept.
Finally, huge thanks to YOU! Taking this journey with all my lovely WIP folks was fantastic. To you I say:
Great. Just great. A quick inspection revealed an entirely shattered screen, and Castiel was fairly confident that Garrison Enterprises was no longer paying for his Apple Care, if they ever truly had been.
It had taken a couple of weeks for Castiel to plan a deliberate scene for them—the first of Dean’s “Russian lessons”, as they had become. They’d played spontaneously, just some mild orgasm denial, some vocal control, some toys...nothing too extreme. But nothing planned, where Castiel went through his whole ritual of clarifying rules and colors and limits. It seemed that they were finally getting into the swing of things now, though, and beginning to work out how to integrate their boyfriend and husband lives with their Dominant and submissive lives.
Castiel watched the side of Dean’s face steadily for a minute as Dean drove. Dean could feel it. Castiel’s stares had a weight to them that was hard to miss, but after a moment Castiel seemed to let whatever it was pass and turned his attention out of the window.
“Really? Is everything okay?” Gabriel sounded genuinely concerned. “You’re not, like, on the outs already are you? Did you ask him to do something he wasn’t into? Is there too much spanking, even for you?”
“I am not giving up on Cas!” Dean shouted, getting up in Michael’s face without a second thought. His fist clenched—but then loosened, the fight flowing out of his tired body almost instantly. “I—I can’t. I can’t give up on Cas.”
Rather than head shakily straight across to the white door, Dean made his way over to the egg next to his own, carefully avoiding the vomity-sludge pool on the floor.
Castiel didn’t miss the tiny, preening smile that Dean gave at the compliment, before shrugging and reaching across to grab his grout bucket again. “It’s grouting tiles, Cas…even you can manage that, surely.”
“Alright,” Dean said, grinning cheerfully. “Let me just wash up quickly then, and I’ll drive. My treat.”
absolutely dumbfounded me with this weeks art. She deserves special kudos this week, because she had such a lot on her plate and I know it was rough getting this done. If y'all only knew the time she managed to produce this beauty in...  very proud of you, Liz. You constantly astound me :)
Castiel looked at them in his palm, rolling them once over the creases of his skin before he reached forward, holding them out to Dean. “Take these and go, then. If that’s truly all you want from me.”
Dean was once again struck with the reality that he hadn’t met Castiel. He only had the vaguest idea what he looked like, from odd descriptions here and there and things he’d heard in passing, back when he bore the title of Lord Castiel Shurley proudly.
Castiel stood and moved over to the reception desk. There was a swift discussion, some hand waving, and then the woman nodded. She called back to someone in the room behind her seat, and a nurse appeared a moment later with a frosty, blue ice pack. Castiel returned with it wrapped in a neat cloth sleeve, and with a clipboard of his own.
Sitting at his desk in the window of their townhouse living room, Castiel paused in his typing and turned, raising a brow at Dean.
“There’s a light switch to your left,” a deep voice rumbled. It sounded…sleepy. Drugged. “Sorry. I try to rest between visits.”
He didn’t want to push Cas into anything he didn’t want, of course, but if Castiel’s elevated breathing was anything to go by, he was definitely getting the idea.
Pulling the front of his old khaki jacket tight as they walked, Dean hitched his backpack up onto his shoulder and looked over at Castiel. He was smiling a little, just one corner of his mouth in on it, and peering around curiously as they walked.
“Originally, I wanted to…to see how things went with…” Castiel gestured awkwardly between his chest and Dean’s own.
“Cas had a lot of good things to say about you, and I saw your work on his car; that’s why I recommended you. I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”
Odd choice of word, Dean thought, but after getting Castiel to repeat it just in case, it was definitely the right one.
He dried his fingers as he strode hastily across the living room. They’d rearranged the whole thing, he and Castiel, some months back. These days, the couch was pulled along one wall at an angle to the window, instead of facing it. It meant that they’d been able to squeeze in an easel for Castiel to paint at when it was raining and a small record table for Dean’s growing vinyl collection, while still leaving space for a desk and several long shelves filled with cell phones across the back wall.
“So,” Dean said, angling himself to face Castiel as he unwrapped his sliced beef and provolone sandwich, “what’s the deal?”
It was stupid, of course, but Dean got it. Angels were prideful creatures, and Castiel, in particular, was a stubborn ass when he wanted to be. Something they had in common, for sure—a reason for many of the times they knocked heads, neither of them willing to be wrong or back down.
Dean’s knuckles ached from the way his fingers were digging into Castiel’s coat sleeve, the stiff fabric uncomfortable against his skin.
Castiel always thought. It was noisy and confusing and very strange for eight a.m. on a Tuesday. Usually, the building was dead this early, almost as dead as the souls and dreams of the employees within.
Dean opened his eyes again as he felt Castiel lean into his side. Lifting his arm to wrap around Castiel’s shoulders, Dean tugged him back in with a smile and a kiss. “No more swimming tonight?” he asked.
Occasionally Castiel would pause between strikes, digging his fingers in to massage at the globes of Dean’s ass and pull his panties this way and that,
is now only two days from closing. If you'd like me to write a fic for you, here is a rare chance! I usually only have time to take prompts from my Patreon family, but this auction is open to anyone and all proceeds go to Random Acts. There are lot of brilliant authors and artists to bid on at all kinds of budgets, so there's really something for everyone.
Dean tried to focus on his lips, flicking his eyes down to read Hannah’s transcription every time that he paused. He had no problems with Adler turning around or only focusing on one side of the room; in fact, the balding, beady-eyed professor seemed very intent on making sure that Dean could see him, standing directly in front of him more often than not.
“I...I’m speaking too fast, aren’t I?” Charlie said, looking stricken and guilty. “I’m terrible at this, shit. I’m sorry, I—thought, I mean—you liked the book, and you mentioned my shirt, I just thought maybe we had some stuff in common.”
Dean could see Castiel’s lips moving, but he couldn’t make sense of words anymore. There was only pain, and blood—and then an odd sense of cloaking as Castiel’s hand touched Dean’s wrist. Something warm and safe wrapped around Dean, something he could barely perceive. The floor seemed to slide under Dean as Castiel rolled over top of him, and a strange, translucent shadow dropped around them. There was something electric making Dean’s arm hairs stand on end; the shadow smelled of gunpowder and lavender and night air right after a lightning bolt.
Their journey back to class had been quick, and they’d arrived just as the rest of the students had begun piling out—including Charlie, who’d given Dean a swift, hard look as she passed that didn’t need any words or signs to clearly say: “You will tell me later, or else.”
The gills that lined Castiel’s chest seemed to fit between every other rib, growing smaller as they rose up to his shoulder and became thin, curved lines at the side of his neck. Dean couldn’t help but stare at them for a moment, watching them softly rise and fall with each of Castiel’s measured breaths. With another rasping cough Castiel jolted Dean out of his staring, and the motion of his chest as his lungs filled reminded Dean why he’d turned his attention to the gills in the first place—the soot.
“She’s…” Dean searched for a word but gave up. “Fine. She’s just fine. A little overly formal maybe, but she seems alright.”
And there it was, in all its endless, incomprehensible glory. The distant galaxies that glowed amidst the eternal ebony background were beautiful, but Dean couldn’t name them with a naked eye; they were different to those he saw from Earth with the telescope he’d mounted atop Bobby’s old barn, that much he knew. Where were they now?
“What did you just call me, Dildo Boy?” Dean asked, laughing as he gently ushered Castiel back inside, stepping past him to let Claire, Kaia, and Sam in through Castiel’s front door.
“Oh, shit,” Dean breathed out, his chest constricting tight. All of the air in his chest caught behind his ribs.
Dean shook his head and chuckled, before letting go of Castiel’s knee so that he could reach across to pick up his menu. He knocked Castiel’s foot under the table, smiling affectionately. “What are you ordering?” he asked, determined to survive the rest of the meal without an awkward under-table semi.
“Sorry,” Castiel said after another uncomfortable moment. “I’m not very good at, uh, this. The meeting people thing. Not sober, anyway.”
Pulling back before he made it weird, Dean shrugged one shoulder awkwardly and signed, “Well, thanks. It’s nice that you think that. Pretty sure Adler just thinks I’m a waste of space and resources, though.”
In the tiny bathroom at Trick or Sweet, Dean quickly discarded his floury scrubs into a plastic bag that he’d brought to work specially—Castiel must be rubbing off on him in more than one way, Dean realized with amusement.
Dean enjoyed Castiel’s company even more than the tri-burger and pie. (And his slice of pecan pie was
Turning, doing up his own shirt, Castiel smiled at the sight of his handsome boyfriend in a white dress shirt, holding a tie up close to his neck. He was still lightly flushed, his hair mussed, the right kind of afterglow noticeable to anyone who might know to look. In the morning sunshine that lit their bedroom with bright, spring light, he looked glorious.
“Right here?” Castiel asked, arousal causing his own voice to drag even lower, so deep it might soon meet with his rising orgasm in his pelvis. “This spot, right here?”
They were frozen for a moment before Dean moved to stand, holding out his hand to help Castiel up. They both looked down at the streaks of grout covering the tiles—in all the wrong places—and exchanged suppressed, amused smiles.
Dean had just finished checking in the Garcia’s new Toyota when the door swung open again, catching his eye. He looked up, “Welcome to Singer’s” ready on his lips, but relaxed when he saw Sam, clutching a greasy-looking brown paper lunch bag.
He felt like he should have been happy, that was the worst thing. He should have been happy for Castiel. For his freedom.
Taking a deep breath, Dean slid his hands around to the front of Castiel’s trench coat and began to push it from his shoulders. “Then come on, Cas. Let’s get you out of this heavy thing and into your lumpy, clumsy, human-attempt of a nest.”
he got to react the same way as everyone around him; the movie went on and he laughed when they laughed, and gasped when they gasped, and by the time Leeloo was escaping through the ventilation system, Dean’s throat was tight and there was a strange prickling behind his eyes.
,” Castiel said, using his free hand to gesture around the room, indicating the freestanding Saint Andrew’s cross near the wall, the metal-posted bed, and the bench, then drifting back to encompass the gorgeous leather harness against Dean’s bare skin, Castiel’s leather pants clinging to his thighs, and the delicate mask that was held tight in Dean’s hands, pressed between them. Returning his eyes to Dean, he added quietly, “I’ve had potential relationships go immediately south because of being a Dom, Dean. So I’ve limited myself to meeting people this way, so that they already know, to avoid the discussion.”
Two weeks later, after a series of appointments with attorneys, selling most of his life on Craigslist, and a heart-stopping bank transfer, Castiel was the proud owner of Bellbird Valley Farm in the apparently “quaint” little town of Bellbird Valley, Kansas.
“Okay,” she said, handing him a spoon. “Get eating while I unpack, then pull yourself together so I can tackle that ridiculous hair of yours.”
They both fell quiet for a moment, eyes on the road, until Dean let a small sigh, squared his shoulders, and said, “Well, that Gabriel guy seemed to think I ‘have it in me,’ whatever that means. So, I’m telling myself that we’ve got this. We’ll hunker down, do the research—if I really have to, I’ll tell Cas and ask him about it. But that’s a last resort.”
Dean obediently drank down half of the water bottle before putting the cap back on. Once he was done, Castiel was waiting, a square of chocolate poised between his first finger and thumb, ready to slip between Dean’s lips. Smiling against it, let out a little huff of amusement before sliding out his tongue to catch the treat.
“Thanks,” Dean muttered, popping off the lid of the drink. He took a gulp, more out of habit than anything, and cringed. “You want this?” he said, offering it to Castiel.
“Alright,” Bobby began, turning to face Dean and Jo. “Here’s the deal. Somebody from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration in Wichita came down here this morning—”
Castiel walked ahead of Dean into the hallway, taking off his soaked hat and placing it down on the small wooden bench that ran parallel to the wall. He ran his fingers through this hair then, shaking his head like a dog before roughly pushing the wild mess back out of his eyes.
Chuckling, Dean pulled the shirt back on—the inside of the fabric still heated from Castiel’s skin—before he leaned back against the wall outside the Drive-In, settling his feet apart and reaching for Castiel’s waist to tug him forward.
With another click, the door closed. Castiel was left listening to the vicious clacking of Naomi’s startlingly high stilettos as she stalked up the hall to find her next victim.
Dean hissed sharply but couldn’t hate the sensation. He could feel Castiel’s massive load trickling out of him in a stream, pooling on the bed between his legs. Castiel looked fascinated by it, hungry, as if just the sight of Dean spilling his still-warm seed between them was enough to have him ready to go all over again. His smile was raw, almost animalistic—Dean was entirely convinced there was some kind of breeding instinct going on here.
It only took a few minutes for Dean to show Castiel through how to trowel the grout into the gaps between the new tiles, and then run his wet finger along the join to smooth it out. They huddled together on the bathroom floor, shoulder to shoulder, as Dean repeated the motion a couple more times.
them to be that tight. The locker creaked awfully as Castiel opened it, and Dean winced at the sound. From within Castiel tugged out a foam mat, and then kicked the metal door shut with a resounding crash.
“How do you have three ladles but no bowls?” Sam asked, lifting up his container of wonton soup and slurping from the edge.
Dean’s help should probably have been mildly offensive, but Dean was too happy about getting a green light to skip the research to complain.
“We’ll have to find out where they are by ourselves—I tried to ask MEG, but she…” Dean’s eyes flicked to the speaker, uncertain.
Dean groaned, flopping his head forward. Clear as day, the image of Castiel’s phone lighting up the red, checked fabric of his own plaid shirt came right back to him, the screen flashing persistently with Michael’s eager messages outside Vista Diner.
Dean didn’t rush to it immediately though, taking his time and kissing his way down to where Castiel’s balls hung, warm and tempting between his legs. He kept flicking glances up at Castiel’s face as he dipped forward. Dean trailed his tongue across the pliant flesh of Castiel’s sac before carefully sucking his balls into his mouth, one at a time, warming them and keeping the pressure of his massaging tongue gentle, but constant.
“Not good enough, more like,” Castiel corrected. “Your work is always gorgeous, Dean. I’m sure to ruin it.”
Dean managed to stop himself from gasping at that fact alone. The guy was wearing a suit, though, and a long, beige trench coat.
Anyway, enough of that! Back to Dean! Our boy is plowing on through the school year, and things are going pretty well...everyone has bad days though, right?
After far too short a time, Castiel retreated. He carefully lowered Dean’s chest back to the bench before letting go of the harness, so that Dean wouldn’t smack back down onto it when he was released. Considerate.
Before we dive into the chapter this week, I thought we’d have a little vocab lesson! While it’s not necessary to understand these terms to enjoy the fic, I think some background knowledge might be interesting for some people.
“Sorry,” Castiel said down to the bar as he waited for his turn. “I made things awkward again, didn’t I.”
If they’d have been huggier people, Dean would have jumped off his bar stool. Generally, though, Winchesters were a little more understated with their affection, life-or-death situations notwithstanding. Instead, he reached across and squeezed Sam’s shoulder. They shared a small smile.
“I guess that makes sense,” Castiel allowed. Pushing up on his arms, he leaned right over the bar before kicking up a leg, pushing himself over it just as Dean had done half-an-hour or so before.
“Oh,” Castiel said. Was that a tiny flush on his cheeks? Through the camera, it was hard to be sure. “I apologize for my presumption.”
“Yeah?” Dean said uncertainly, massaging his way across Castiel’s shoulders, his chest pulled close.
“I don’t wanna get his hopes up, that’s all,” Dean countered with an angry huff. “Gonna give him all the details if it works, but I refuse to give him false hope after everything he’s been through, okay? His brother suggested taking this amulet, so I’m assuming this isn’t a huge insult within their culture or anything. But even so, I don’t really want to have a conversation about effectively grave-robbing magical jewelry from what’s probably his second cousin sixty-four times removed or something if it doesn’t even work.”
Once he’d clicked through the menu and gotten his favorite episode on screen with closed captions, Dean went to grab his phone from his room and throw a quick text to Castiel.
“Of course we did!” Sam said as he lifted the bag he’d been cradling in his elbow up to the countertop. “It’s a bribe, so you’ll stop anxiety-unpacking and tell us all about the college and your first meeting with your new co-workers.”
Dean frowned grumpily down at his feet, dangling from the top bunk. He wanted to yell at Castiel, but hell, there wasn’t much to yell about. Dean wasn’t stupid, but “entirely failed” was pretty much how he felt about his life in general. All he’d managed to do was raise Sammy long enough to get him to college.
“You brought my car with you!” he said, smiling, pausing by her trunk so that he could face Dean to sign. “Mister Singer said it would be three or four days, most likely, before he could fit her in.”
Castiel was blinking hard, and for one awful moment Dean thought he was going to start crying—fuck knows what he’d have done if that happened—but instead, Cas nodded, sharp and jerky. He placed the shirt back down on the bed almost reverently, before beginning to shrug the trench coat from his shoulders.
Letting out a small laugh where a month ago he would have been offended, Castiel nodded and stepped into the house. “Alright. I’ll open you a beer too.”
A little pink, Dean ducked his eyes down to the pillow. “Pretty sure I’m the one that should be thanking you for sticking around, even after it turned out to be me.”
“Not exactly?” Castiel questioned, making quick work of tying the towel around his waist before he gave Dean another uncertain smile.
Bellbird Valley Farm was a wreck. Derelict. Practically a ruin; a shell of a pretty, colonial wooden farmhouse that was now reduced to
Yes, okay, Dean had a serious crush on Castiel. He was well aware of that by now; the first gobsmacking flutterings of “
“Not at all,” Cas reassured him. “We’re in strange times, we have to make do. And anyway, I like the music...if not the singing.”
Dean, of course, knew that it was a third-degree felony because Sam had droned on about it ever since they’d crossed the border from Georgia.
Dean hasn’t let Castiel go in the slightest, though he does pull back enough to study his face as he says, “World almost ended. Same old. It had to wait, though, because I’m done with this dying habit of yours.”
The journey from Topeka to Manhattan, where the Kansas State main campus was, took about fifty minutes. For someone who loved driving as much as Dean did, it was nothing—even driving from his apartment in Lawrence would take less than an hour and a half. When Dean had told Sammy that on Zoom the night before, he’d looked horrified. Living in a residence hall right on campus at Stanford was making Sam lazy, Dean decided. Kid didn’t even have a car—it wasn’t natural.
softly out from between his lips, reaching to cup them with his hand instead, the other coming to Castiel’s hip to keep him steady. Dean was cautious, giving the sensitive area the care it deserved, but he’d learned that Castiel loved to have his balls played with during sex; he loved it when Dean sucked on them, or delicately tugged them away from his body while working his shaft, or tenderly squeezed at them while swallowing him down. He was sensitive in that way, and more than anything, Dean loved to watch Castiel fall apart beneath his stoic veneer.
The mattress shrieked out a creaking, desperate tune that matched the ratcheting up of Dean’s heartbeat.
They stayed at the bar for a couple of hours, unwinding and talking about lighter things. Dean was comforted, knowing that Sam had his back, that they’d devote time to the amulet issue and try to give Castiel back the missing part of his freedom.
Dean closed his eyes for a minute. Bobby was right, he knew that—if it had been Jo injured because the safety procedures put in place to protect her were neglected, he’d have strong-armed Cole out of the garage himself, no questions asked.
orgasming, but the stream of hot come that ran down the bench and stuck his stomach to it was pretty clear evidence. Hips twitching, thighs trembling, Dean gasped down toward the floor.
“Ahh,” Dean said, shifting anxiously in his seat. “Well, I, uh, I can sign a tiny bit. But I’m not very good. I wasn’t raised using it or anything.”
“Not a clue,” Castiel confessed as he swung his feet over the edge of the mattress. “But it makes you feel better.”
Castiel nodded at Dean but didn’t approach the stage. Instead, he made his way over to the bar and walked around the edge of it, heading straight behind it. Apparently, he realized quicker than Dean had that he could drink whatever he wanted, as he plopped himself down into a barstool with several bottles in front of himself, none of which Dean cared to identify.
As Dean approached their spot, Castiel burst through the door of Blackbird’s Espresso like a dark cloud blowing in from the tropics, looking ready to drop a storm on whoever got in his way. A burst of wind blew in with him, pressing his trench coat tightly around his thighs and raising the collar, which, judging by the swift way he used both hands to flip it back down, only added to his irritation.
Oh, if this conversation had only happened before they’d driven to The Lucky Elephant to rescue Sam and Eileen, Dean realized with a sharp twist to his gut.
Adler walked up to the whiteboard and wrote out a series of numbers and a long equation that Dean hadn’t come across yet. He stood for a while with his back to the class, to Dean’s increasing frustration, pointing from one number to another, before turning around.
Other things Dean learned were much more pleasant—that Castiel had a very dry sense of humor, once he opened up enough to show it. He was snarky. He was incredibly curious about the taste of human foods, but so far had hated everything he’d tried. He was startlingly intelligent and widely read—apparently, before Earl, he’d often snuck onto land for a visit, just so that he could read books, of all things. So of course, Dean had given him books.
When he reaches the center of the space, Dean digs his cell phone out from his back pocket and brushes his thumb across the screen, looking down briefly to unlock it.
Dean preened, looking proudly over at Sam, who had his head bent over one of the Chinese food bags, digging around for chopsticks. He hit his head on the low-hanging light over the island as he straightened back up, letting out a string of curses.
Marketing, such as it was—Hmm. Where was Balthazar? Castiel sipped the dregs of his coffee and moved out onto the porch, searching for him.
,” Castiel said quietly, his voice full of the intense emotion he usually hid so well. The pads of his fingers danced further, down across Dean’s bare forearm in a tantalizing trail until they caressed his palm, then linked their hands together, entwined. “I
Cas was struggling—not just with the Mark, but with his own feelings of shame at not even being able to handle it as well as Dean had, at least initially. That much was very clear.
“You’re good at that,” Castiel said, still not answering Dean’s question, but at least talking. “The massaging. It felt very nice. My back has been sore, and the itch carries through even into my human vessel.”
It was comfortable and routine, and despite his initial resistance, Castiel had fallen into it. He’d begun to realize, with some discomfort, that he might actually
Taking a moment to let his eyes adjust to the low emergency lighting that illuminated the whole building, Dean tucked his high-power flashlight into his jacket’s inside pocket. No need to draw more attention to themselves.
Dean nodded before looking back down at his monkey wrench and losing himself in work again. It was the kind of work he’d done since he was fourteen years old; it was easy, to him, repetitive and comforting in a way that occupied his hands so that his mind could wander.
engraved in obnoxious print. He took a long drag, slowly rolling his eyes toward Dean, before he calmly added, “You look down on yourself enough for both of us, after all.”
“Dean-o!” Why Gabriel took the time to sign that extra damned ‘o’ every time, Dean had no idea. “How’d finals go for you?”
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes, then. “Fine. But if we get kicked out of the place that does the best alfredo in town, I get to pick the first thing we try from this list.”
Thank you for taking the time to read through this fun little fic. I had a lot of fun writing it, and getting matched up with
Dean buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck as Cas’s orgasm rolled through him, and he could feel Dean’s lips mumbling words he couldn’t make out against his overheated skin.
“I did it because I couldn’t stand aside and let that happen again, Dean,” Cas said dully, his voice far too quiet. “You survived this once, but who knows if you’d have been able to a second time? You don’t deserve this burden.”
Castiel scribbled his name, unseeing, as he reached out his other hand to coil around the back of Dean’s neck and pull him in. Their mouths clashed, hot and wet, and the pen rolled to the floor.
“Something like that,” Dean murmured down into his thin oatmeal, tucking Castiel’s letter safely back into his jacket.
Noticing, Castiel took a step back, giving Dean space. But his stare remained, and Dean could see…something. Something in it that made him bolder. Maybe it was amusement, or affection, or awe, Dean wasn’t certain. But there was a warmth to it, a heat that flared the fire in Dean’s belly up another notch.
“You’re one to talk,” Castiel grumbles gently. His gaze flicks around though, filling with slowly dawning concern. “Dean—tell me you didn’t really risk that just for me, that you didn’t wait because—”
What kind of person thought so much of someone they had never met? Who thought every day of a stranger, from first they rose to last they were awake? Someone who they knew intimately, perhaps, but who they wouldn’t be able to pick out of a crowd? A man, bad enough, but a man he could barely describe?
“I’ve got one hand wrapped around myself, stroking real slow,” Castiel said, his voice even deeper than it had been. “I’m cupping my balls with my other hand. Squeezing, gently.”
“Oh, me neither, but my friends Ed and Harry are pledging this year. It’s a family thing for them, so a whole bunch of us are going. I can introduce you to people and it’ll be low-pressure.”
Dean yelped, and Castiel let out a low chuckle. “Beautiful,” he said, pressing the word into Dean’s skin.
Dean had wondered if it would be the bunker, at first. But something about that felt wrong, and there was so much warding there, sigils that they still, after all these years, hadn’t even worked out... It seemed unlikely.
“But she could have. You got hurt, and it was my fault, because I couldn’t control—” Castiel’s fist clenched. Dean felt the shifting of his muscles as the tension traveled right up his arm to where the Mark had sizzled its way onto his skin. “I couldn’t control myself.”
Frowning lightly, Castiel nodded as he rose from his seat, pushing it neatly back under the table. He resettled his heavy-looking messenger bag on his shoulder and followed Dean obediently to the door, then stepped outside when Dean held it open with a flourish.
Dean shook his head, before admitting to the sink, “I failed Alder’s stupid little quiz thingy. Only a few days until finals and I can’t even pass a quiz.”
“I’d thought that maybe we could bring up the idea of moving in together, again,” Castiel half-whispered, nervous. “I could save a lot. We both could, if…”
that he managed to drop half of them again, bouncing them off the metal shelving with a succession of loud clangs.
Dean laughed, glad that it seemed his approach would be welcome. He dropped the microphone on the floor, far from the kind of sobriety that was involved with slotting it back into the little holder-thingy. He jumped down from the tiny stage—
“Much better,” Dean said, adding an ounce of sugar to his voice. “I’m sure when she reports back she’ll have plenty of good things to say about the Hinsdale Sheriff’s Department.”
“We’ve got seconds before she tries to boot,” Dean said fast, clenching his fist tight. “Have you seen the map since I got knocked out?”
“They want to buy Bellbird Valley Farm.” Castiel felt like a parrot, echoing Balthazar’s words, but he was having trouble processing at this hour of the morning.
As soon as he was done speaking, Castiel’s eyes dropped in embarrassment and he went back to his sandwich, keeping his attention on it until there was nothing but a pile of waxy paper streaked with a single blob of stray, melted cheese.
All of Dean’s life, books had been comforting, easy, and educational in a way that school never had been. He was hoping for that to change now, but even so, books were where he could teach himself, where he didn’t have to rely on awkward, stunted communication.
When the maid from the front of the house opened the study door to admit Castiel—because Dean had not yet hired a valet or a new butler, nor was he finding himself inclined to either—Dean was waiting, steaming fresh tea already set by the window only moments earlier.
“Alright!” Dean announced perkily, turning away from the mirror where he’d been fiddling with his hair. He shot dorky finger-guns in Castiel’s direction, grinning as he asked, “Ready for this?”
Before Dean could open his mouth and let something stupid and flirty drop out of it—thank God—a man in green scrubs stepped up to them and said something that pulled Castiel’s attention.
A bright tear tracks down the side of Castiel’s nose and departs, dripping onto the inside of Dean’s arm as Castiel begins to nod—tiny motions at first, then faster, amazed, overwhelmed.
Dean moved his hip to the side, stretching out alongside Castiel, his hands sliding back to Castiel’s jaw before he could begin to apologize, or protest, or whatever it was that was forming on his pillowy lips.
It was much easier to commit once he got into the feel of it, bellowing his way through the first verse alone in the cove, just like he was driving in Baby with the windows down and not a care in the world.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean hollered at the minivan in front, which was clearly being driven by a guy with no clue how big the ass-end of his giant Honda actually was. “One more go on those brakes, buddy…”
Dean held the pen up in front of his chest, and the foot or so of space between the two of them tingled with possibility as Castiel reached to take it from him.
It was probably something to do with him being away from Heaven for so long, he reasoned, or maybe the Almighty Asshole had simply updated him when he’d last popped a fresh Cas from the mold, so that he kept pace with the rest of them. Either way, Dean liked it; it made Castiel feel more real, more human. Adam looked essentially identical to how he had when he’d tumbled into the cage, and it was unnerving. That had been years ago. The kid didn’t even know what an iPad was, to Sam’s horror.
Castiel shifted and gave out a low cough as Dean wrung out his cloth, but his eyes remained closed. Tossing the first washcloth into the sink, Dean retrieved a clean one.
When Castiel finally shivered and reached to draw Dean’s hand away, he brought their wet fingers to his mouth, cleaning away the sticky remains with sloppy lips and tongue.
There was an undertone of dull red to the dark flash of Amara’s eyes. “Your hypothesis is correct. You should have thought of that before imprisoning my brother.”
Castiel’s smile was warm as he nodded his understanding. “As long as you’re content, Dean, then so I am I. I have nothing to lose by impropriety, other than your friendship and employment, after all.”
The frown that had marred Castiel’s brow was crushed by his eyebrows rising in surprise, and he took a small step back. He didn’t say anything, though he continued looking at Dean calmly as he repositioned his bag’s strap on his shoulder.
“Do you think we can do the last two sections without getting into trouble?” Castiel asked, giving Dean a small wink.
Turning to Dean, Eileen asked, “But you didn’t know what he looked like or how old he was, right? How come you didn’t find that from searching?”
By the time Castiel brought the golf cart to a (rather jerky) stop in front of his porch, he was pretty tired. He felt like it had been a
Sam’s smile was wicked. “First time for everything—” He looked like he was about to say more, but his eyes flicked up beyond Dean’s shoulder to the left, and he grinned.
For those of you who always message me or generally encourage me about this fic: I see you, and you are brilliant and so very appreciated. This chapter is for you.
Looking down at Sam’s peaceful, sleeping face, his longish-brown hair floating oddly in the pinkish slime, Dean suddenly had many more questions.
Castiel’s nod was calm and understanding. “Not everybody, no. Some people don’t use it at all. They never had the opportunity to learn, or they choose not to use it for a variety of reasons.”
“Can’t believe I’m being cockblocked by a pig,” Dean muttered as he headed out of the bedroom door, barefoot, Fatback lumbering along behind him in hopes of breakfast scraps.
The destination that Dean had in mind was only a couple more minutes ahead. A carved marble and brick sign soon greeted them: Reinisch Rose Gardens.
Rhythmic and lilting, Sam recited a short, melodic passage three times in succession, before looking back over at Dean and jerking his head toward the whirling water. “Now,” he said. “The scales.”
Laughing, Dean directed Baby through a gap in the hedges that ran along the lane and into the field beyond, giving the mare her head when they moved onto the grass. “Cas, relax, please. I was only joking, though I’m sure you’d make an excellent valet.”
Not real. Until…well, it kind of was. Technically, there were no suckers or anything here, so it wasn’t one...but fuck, he’d take it. One thing Dean had never been was fussy when he liked someone.
He leaned against the cool wall of the corridor, his eyes closed, taking a minute to rest and focus.
“The white door at the end of your floor will lead to a debriefing area, where you will find your precious towels. Also, some clothes to cover all that up.”
Castiel was rapt, his eyes locked on Dean, perhaps understanding more of what Dean was doing than Dean himself did.
Even though Dean had been lipreading from Bobby for decades, it was a little harder to keep up when he was so worked up. Dean took a breath to speak, but Bobby wasn’t done, barreling on with one finger raised in vague accusation.
Trying his very best to forget about death by suffocation and killing three million people including his own brother, Dean took to the stage and belted out a rip-roaring rendition of AC/DC’s “Thunderstruck”.
“Castiel Novak,” Dean said, trying to sound formal even through the gigantic, beatific smile that he couldn’t stop, “will you marry me?”
Dean’s eyebrow ticked up his forehead as he reached forward to cover Castiel’s hand on the beer bottle. “I find that very hard to believe, Cas. You dote on people, all the time. And don’t do that, I’m the one who’ll have to clean it up.”
North Cove was an unincorporated community at the end of Cape Shoalwater, about twenty minutes south of North Bay. It was on the edge of a seashore conservation area, and pretty quiet—there were a few residential properties and vacation homes, one tiny grocery store, and that was it. Much of it had been eroding and succumbing to the ocean, rocky by rock, ever since the eighties, and the number of residents dropped year on year. The cabin was remote, on the edge of a forested area, perched above a cut-off beach on a short cliff. Steps carved right into the stone led straight down to the water.
Castiel held out his punch glass with another of the tiny smiles that Dean had noticed earlier—he didn’t seem prone to overwhelming outbursts of emotion, almost stoic, but his eyes...every time Dean dared to look into them, he drowned. They were deep, even if he kept the rest of himself carefully shallow.
The final gamble, the one Dean was most nervous about, had been Dean’s own things. A few of his most-worn undershirts, a blanket from the back seat of the Impala, his jacket. Just placed casually around the terribly makeshift (and now that Dean was looking at it with an angel beside him, rather sad) attempt at a nest.
He lasted far less time than he would have wished before flooding Castiel’s throat with his spend, his hand tight at the back of Castiel’s neck as he willed every drop further into him, like he could mark him from within.
“Unfortunately, yes,” Castiel said with a tiny sigh. He rolled his shoulders, a slight wiggle to them as though he had an itch. “Though I think I’m learning a little. Some things have a bit more flavor than others.”
The furious-looking Scotsman spun on the spot, turning to Castiel with his hands up in the air. “Castiel! Yes, it's bloody real—they were only cooking the books, weren’t they! Weren’t even smart enough to do it well enough not to get caught!”
It was Monday, and Castiel had been walking him through the background accounting process of their sales procedure. It had all been going great. Up until Adler had emailed to let them know about hold-ups elsewhere in the project, anyway.
As the movement grew, Castiel shifted, rolling back onto his side. Dean froze, fingers lifting away from the skin, ready for a rejection, but he didn’t get one.
They returned to work and after another hour or so Dean was relaxed again, his faux pas forgotten. They came to a lull in the conversation about what kind of access certain employees would need, and Dean pushed his chair back to stretch out languidly, raising his arms over his head.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted, a goofy grin breaking out across his face. “I really do, actually. It kinda…I dunno. It feels luxurious and special, I guess.”
Dean didn’t have the heart to tease Sam about Eileen...or at least not much. Eileen was a badass. He tried not to remind Sam that she could do way better than him
Next time: A little hurt/comfort, Dean talks about his feelings (but not to Cas), and someone...makes a move.
When they’d picked up Eileen’s phone from the pavement and realized that she was gone, Sam had switched off, barreled straight into leading, organizing, protecting the people they have left.
Then the tape whirred onward, and Dean was singing along to The Jeff Healey Band as they sped along in the dark.
“Cassie,” Balthazar was saying cautiously, his hands coming up defensively, his posture losing some of his surety. “Let’s be reasonable, baby, there’s no need to—"
Dean had always been a “seize the day” kinda guy. Actually, Sam always said he was just a “never thinks things through” kinda guy, but Sam was boring, all married and content and stuff.
Gabriel was the last person on Earth he’d be asking for kinky handspeak. He was pretty sure he could work out that dick sucking motion that Gabriel had demonstrated all by himself, thank you.
“Cas,” Dean said, reaching up to catch Castiel’s hand where his fingers rested on Dean’s jaw. “We should…talk.”
The Saranton was an almost incomprehensibly huge craft—one of four mega-ships that had left Earth in the year 2299. Looking out over the shelves of stasis eggs was like looking out over a city; each glowing pink egg a window in an almost endless series of skyscrapers that stretched up, and down, and beyond. Three million eggs. His eyes could see nothing else.
After a few seconds, the panic in Castiel subsided, the storms that had plagued the seas in his eyes retreating as his shoulders slowly slumped.
Dean guided Castiel around the gold Lincoln, pointing out the tweaks he’d made, her new back axle, tires, and radiator in addition to the main work. Castiel looked overwhelmed, but his smile grew further with each addition.
For a long minute, he just held it. Wrestling with himself, frustrated that…well, that he was the way he was.
The officers’ bar was less fancy than Dean expected. He’d bought into the idea that the officers were snobs, smart folks with a superiority complex that always looked down on the rest of the ship and everyone on it. He was honestly a tiny bit disappointed that the bar didn’t really bear that out. It looked almost exactly like the one he recalled down on J deck, where he’d spent evenings with his brother Sam and their friends on board while they journeyed out of the solar system, before entering stasis for their first hyperjump. There was a long bar along half of one side, and then a small stage at the end where people danced or sang. There were a handful of white plastic tables and an electronic jukebox, playing every top-forty offering from the last three hundred and fifty years, and that was about it.
At that, Dean simply had to kiss Castiel harder, and divest him of his damp jacket and cravat. He didn’t object, tugging Dean’s coat and waistcoat away from his shirt and only pulling away long enough to spread their outerwear before the fire.
“I’ve been here for many years. I learned quickly that those matings didn’t mean anything to me, they were merely a function of my imprisonment. A transaction. It doesn’t bother me anymore. Complying is more efficient than attempting to resist.”
Everything went quiet behind Castiel, where Dean had been unobtrusively rustling his way back into his clothes.
Because he could, and because he wanted to, Dean reached out to nudge a knuckle softly beneath Castiel’s jaw before he said, “Seems like we just fill in each other’s gaps, to me.”
Charlie looked like she wanted the carpet to swallow her. “I didn’t mean—holy shit, I really am bad at this. Can we just start again, dude? Fuck. I’m sorry.”
“The Hulk?” Castiel squinted. “I thought he was a good guy, in those old movies? The person overriding MEG doesn’t sound friendly.”
Abandoning his suitcase for a moment, Castiel wandered a few steps to the left, holding his phone in the air like there was even a chance this forsaken, derelict place would let him have a single bar.
Dean laughed, then pulled Castiel in for a deep, lingering kiss. He winked as he turned them both to the camera and said, “Well in that case, then...thank you to all of my viewers for being so supportive of the changes in my life this past year, and for accepting Cas and seeing how special he is.”
“And you?” Castiel asked, reaching out to rest a gentle, taloned hand on Dean’s sternum. “Are you alright?”
“I—” Castiel turned slowly on the bed, looking across to where Dean stood on the other side. He was slowly buttoning up his shirt, his face entirely unreadable. “We are pretty close to finishing the renovations. I don’t know about two weeks, but we’re close. I’m not even sure if I want—”
He felt like an ass. He could have been mad at Dean for the way he’d reacted and then left Castiel at Singer Salvage, but it hardly felt consequential.
Castiel didn’t respond with anything more than another low cough. They were spacing out, Dean registered with relief. Less coughing had to be good.
After placing the candles in a circle and lighting them all in the correct direction, (clockwise, not ‘deosil’ or whatever the fuck it was Sam kept calling it,) Dean pulled out the huge bag of salt that Sam had dug out of one of the bunker’s storage rooms.
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that,” the older man said amiably, offering his hand. “We just don’t get a lot of new people, is all. I’m Bobby, Bobby Singer. This is mine and Rufus’ store.”
“Yes,” Castiel rumbled, low and dangerous. “Free will. Something we’re all working on since we locked your brother away.”
“I get it, Bobby. Go deal with Cole and I’ll let them check out my concussion. I’ll be fine, I promise.”
“Benny says well,” Castiel said, reaching to push a dusty hand back through his hair. “About ready to move on to the next grid section.”
“I like singing, when it's for you,” Dean confessed, before gesturing to Castiel’s full palm. “You brought a shell back?”
“No, that was really inconsiderate of me,” she said, still speaking way too fast but at least looking directly at Dean. “So, you read lips?”
The door swung open…and then bounced back and kept going, swinging straight off its hinges and toppling onto the porch, hitting an old rocking chair with a resounding
“Gathered that,” Dean said with a shit-eating grin that had Castiel thinking about earthquakes again. “I’m glad, though. It’s always nice to meet someone that’s seen them. Bit nerve-wracking that you have, though.”
At the sugary, yet earnest, Russian phrase, Dean dropped his eyes and raised his hand to adjust his tie. “Stop it,” he grumbled. “You’re going to make me blush in public with all your sappy shit.”
But for now, he unlocked the doors, sent them on their way, and gave them the best shot at freedom that he could.
sensation than a bright sting. Before the sensation had a chance to subside, Castiel’s hand returned, massaging deeply, pushing the feeling out into Dean’s muscles; prep work, more than a part of the spanking itself—but deliciously pleasurable nonetheless.
Dean ordered himself a plate of bacon and pancakes, and after a moment’s hesitation that Dean attempted to encourage him through with a smile, Castiel did the same.
“Souls, Dean. That dick stared at you for, like, a full minute, then said he thought you had it in you,” Sam explained slowly, shaking his head in amused disbelief.
“Fatback?” he called cautiously, before realizing how stupid that was. A pig would not paint his front door a beautiful bluebird hue.
Castiel ran, his dress shoes cutting painfully into his feet as he waved his arms at the car, yelling incoherent words and flailing after his rogue suitcase. The car tried to stop, began to swerve—
Dean almost dropped Castiel at that, but managed to steady himself. As he walked across the bare earth frontage of the cabin toward the gated steps that headed down to the isolated beach, Dean huffed out a low chuckle. “You’re a menace.”
Feeling the skin below his ears heat, Dean reached up to rub at the nape of his neck. He was about to respond when the whiskey arrived, offering a blessed distraction. He could still feel the burn from the first sip when Sam piped up again.
Castiel took another gulp of tequila. “As long as it doesn’t have any animal derived ingredients, I’m in,” he answered.
Castiel swung the canvas bag from his shoulder, pulling it up onto the counter and opening the satchel-style flap to dig a plain leather wallet out from within. As the flap closed, a bright glint of light caught Dean’s eye.
Dean’s stomach clenched as he turned his attention to the other side of the feather. The burnt, crisp edges—the damaged parts long fallen away but the scarred edges still carrying their story—left no doubt about who the feather belonged to.
“Surely you don’t put out on the first date, Dean,” Castiel said in mock horror, pressing their foreheads together.
Three warm spurts of thick come splattered over Dean’s skin, streaking their way up from his belly button to just under his ribs. A fourth, weaker spurt dribbled across Dean’s cock, pressed against Castiel’s, leaving a white trail across his head—
“I mean, I’m not stupid or anything,” Dean said defensively. “Just because my records say I’m an engineer but I’m not, it’s not because I—”
It had been that which had pushed Dean to put the amulet issue aside for a few weeks and focus on getting Castiel to the coast. He needed—deserved—to be free. To be in control, to have agency.
“Back to working on the Bellbird, then?” Claire asked, indicating the hammer that poked from the corner of Castiel’s bag while she began to pour his coffee.
Dean was distracted, watching as Castiel shrugged the trench coat from his shoulders, hanging it in the hall, and ran one hand down his front to pop open the single button of his jacket. Castiel tilted his head, clearly puzzled, and followed Dean’s gaze downward.
Dean got passionate, too, about ancient engineering and weaponry and tools, all kinds of stuff. But he was a muddy grunt in comparison to Castiel.
Satisfied, Castiel removed his hand from Dean’s face. His fingers hovered awkwardly in the air for a moment, unsure where to rest, until Dean came up to catch them. Tangling their fingers together, Dean brought their entwined hands to his chest, looking down thoughtfully at them as he spoke again.
“No, Gabe! It’s just a date, okay. If I’m hoping for more after, you don’t need to know—there’s definitely something wrong with you if you wanna know.”
It had taken him the better part of the weekend to work out how to approach Castiel about the scales.
“Why would Dean do something like that, with me? He doesn’t know me that well at all,” Castiel argued. “I don’t think he likes me much, for sure.”
As Castiel trailed off, Dean merely shook his head, clueless. He gave Castiel a little push, directing him on through to the rest of the chamber, the second circular area of the vaguely eight-shaped room, furthest from the door.
Castiel nodded slowly. “I guess. I was just doing what various different people expected, what I thought I should be doing. Until I came here.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out next to Castiel’s ear, his lips dragging on warm, rain-softened skin. “Can I touch you?”
Even though it was clear what he was asking only a couple of words in, Dean still held his breath and let him finish.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mumbled, one hand flopping back to cover his eyes. “I know you said we had to be quick, but Jesus Christ, are you trying to kill me?”
Dean stretched out across the top of the bar, one knee bent up and his arms swinging down the sides. It wasn’t like there was much of anyone for him to be in the way of, he decided, as he dangled his head back off the end, the room softly swaying.
he had never been outside of Kansas for more than a few days. He wasn’t lawyer-material, like Sammy… he was just a mechanic. He’d always been fascinated with engineering, space, making things work with his hands; he’d read every aerospace engineering book the thrift stores of the surrounding towns had been able to provide, in school. But college was never on the cards for him. He had to work, pay the bills, care for Sam.
Dean regarded the shot thoughtfully, before nodding and tipping it back. He coughed once and wrinkled his nose before lowering the glass to the bar top. “I guess that makes two of us,” he said, leaning over to nudge Castiel with his shoulder. “You know I don’t have a clue what I’m doing either, right? We’re in this together. We’re fucked, sure, but we’re not alone.”
Dean flushed, his eyes falling shut momentarily. Sure, a stinging ass, throbbing nipples, and rope burn were signs of a fantastic evening, in Dean’s book. But nothing would ever make him feel as good as this—Castiel’s genuine prase.
Surprisingly, Michael met him with a small smile. “Go, Dean,” he said. “He needs you. He may not realize it—or may be afraid of what it means—but he needs you around. You are, after all, his humanity.”
Dean shoved the papers into his backpack before giving Castiel an awkward smile. “You know you didn’t have to do any of that, Cas.”
No, no, I'm joking. THERE WILL BE TIMESTAMPS, I promise! Don't yell at me 😂 Smutty and plotty timestamps coming your way, featuring characters you know and love.
Dean immediately felt his chest constrict, tight, like it was desperately trying to keep the words caged inside him—but they’d already escaped.
Saturday started...well, the same as every other fuckin’ day since Dean had quarantined himself at home; the coffee maker did its thing, he debated showering, he checked all his social media profiles online. Dean wasn’t a big social media person pre-quarantine, but now it was the only way he got to keep up with the lives of his brother and friends. It was growing on him, he’d admit.
Instead, he gave the ladder another testing-shake, and once convinced that they were built to hold grown men—because he hadn’t slept in a bunk bed since he was ten, so excuse him for being suspicious—he carefully hauled himself up top to check it out. Lying on his back, staring at the white tiles, Dean decided that it was claustrophobic and weird having the ceiling so close to his face… but he’d be damned if he was telling Castiel he wanted to switch. He wasn’t even sure why he’d wanted it, other than something about Castiel made him prickly and combative, so he’d wanted to claim some territory. He didn’t even
Tugging the kitchen towel back down from his shoulder, Dean strolled back to the kitchen to finish the dishes. He didn’t get a ton of calls, but he did provide a vital service for hunters across the country these days, one that they hadn’t had in this centralized kind of way since back when Bobby used to do it, and he’d died a few years back. Providing hunters with backup like this gave Dean purpose and kept him in the game while also keeping him very pointedly
“Cas—I’m coming in, okay?” Dean warned. He waited a moment, but there was no answer, so he pushed the door further and took a step onto the tiled floor.
“Cas?” Dean asked again, quieter. He didn’t repeat the rest of the question, but the implication was there.
Stand back, BAMF!Cas has been activated! (Alright, he'll probably be—at least a tiny bit—more professional than he is in the show. Holding Adler against his wall by his throat while Dean has a snack probably won't fly at KSU.)
Realizing that he was smiling down at his own hands, lost in thought, Dean jerked his head back up. Jo was laughing.
“Cas,” Dean said, softening his voice. He shuffled forward on his knees, waving his hands to indicate that Castiel should sit down on the edge of the mattress and pass him the shirt. “I’m no expert in angel-anything, let alone wings, but I know that yours are awesome, even after the fall.”
Castiel blinked hazily. “I—I can’t,” he said, dull and confused. “I can’t walk, Dean. They took—that’s why I—”
awfully as Dean and Sam pushed in unison, shunting it across the floor, against the far wall. Sam grimaced at the noise before grabbing a long-handled broom to sweep the center of the floor. Following his lead, Dean took the second broom from where they’d been propped in the corner.
This week has been very busy for me, and I've been a lot less active on social media (partly) because of that. I'm a little overwhelmed in life and I'm having to decide what to keep and what I need to let go of, and as a very Type-A "I can do it all!" sort of person, I find that really hard to do. A flaw of mine, for sure! I hope you've all been doing much better at taking care of yourselves than I have. Maybe this week in the comments, you can all let me know one thing you did this week that you consider to be self-care. And if you didn't do anything...promise me something you will do this upcoming week! Even just a little thing. It's important, folks!
No matter how much he wished he could meet his friend, though, Dean had a duty to his men here. He could no more leave them to fight on without him and skip off back to England than he could assure them Boney was almost done, and they’d be home in a month. He just wasn’t that type of officer; that was why his men respected him.
Neither of them spoke. On the TV screen, the whales had long ago reached their destination, and calves blew waterspouts and frolicked at the surface. Slowly, pressed down into the mattress, Dean began to shift his fingers back and forth; he didn’t have a lot of space with Castiel laying as he was, but nonetheless, he was gently stroking the angel’s hot, slick skin once more.
He was directly opposite the door. Instead of leaning casually against the wall or something, like a normal person, Castiel stood stiffly with his hands in his coat pockets, totally immobile, with the wrinkled sleeves of his trench coat bunching around his wrists. As soon as Dean spotted him, he raised one hand in an awkward wave and stepped forward, cutting the space between them in a couple of steps.
His heart rate picked up, and not in the fun way. He slowly spun his pen. As the seconds ticked by, his ribcage got tighter and tighter, and then—
Castiel’s shoulders slumped again, more glumly this time. “I enjoy teaching you. I do it because I want to, it’s very rewarding for me, and I don’t like keeping you waiting.”
He tried not to be paranoid, though; it was probably just allergies, he got those. There were so many things it
Now they just had to draw the violent spirit out, away from the terrified patrons who were hoping for wild west reenactments and hearty dinners, not transparent old ladies hovering above their beds and screaming.
With a huge, arcing splash of water, a douchebag on a bicycle swerved swiftly around Dean and straight through a puddle the size of Lake Michigan.
“The only class I have a conflict with is your computer science class; it’s at the same time as one of the classes I teach. I made the suggestion to Ms. Moseley that switching you to a ~~” —Castiel paused at Dean’s squint and repeated the word easily, spelling it out— “a
There were trees running along both sides of the road by then, dark green and lush and obscuring the views of the fields beyond. So, Castiel didn’t see the light blue, bevel-edged wooden sign until he was right on top of it.
He was in the Nest, of course. The endless-looking room within the ship where everyone was stored. Three million people. One quarter of the remaining human race.
Days later, Dean dragged himself out of bed reluctantly, shuffling into a pair of plaid pajama pants and a loose gray hoodie. He ran a hand through his hair and rubbed at his eyes before rolling into the living room to begin his day.
of the lore when we were researching the scales?” Sam scolded, running around to the driver’s side door.
The most important parts of the setup, though, were the parts Cas spent the longest looking at: the feathers.
Crouching beside Castiel, Dean quickly assessed what had been done and where they were at. “Looking good,” he said, leaning across to press his lips to Castiel’s sweaty temple affectionately.
Already, his steward’s letters were a light in the darkness of war. He needed that, he wanted more of it—hopefully Castiel could understand that.
“Oh.” Castiel choked on air for a moment before, finally, his mouth came back online. “I’m sure you’ve heard this a thousand times, but…I’m so sorry, Dean. You were so young. She was.”
As if she could tell what he was thinking, Meg grinned. “You know they’d probably assume it was me, anyway.”
Dean’s pillow smelled of…lemons? Still half conscious, he inhaled deeply, sucking in the scent. Something tickled his nose, and he felt the fabric of the pillow rub against his cheek as he surfaced further from sleep. A grin spread across his face before he even opened his eyes.
“Whatever,” Dean says with a dismissive brandish of the bottle in his hand. “This ain’t a democracy. You don’t like it, you can leave.” He starts to walk and the woman flinches. For a brief moment, he looks crushed, but his expression deadens and he continues to walk towards Castiel. “We need to talk.”
It’s not a long drive. Nowhere in this town seems further than a two-minute drive. Castiel glances up and finds the tower looming over them no matter what road Dean takes. When they approach the scene, it’s already been cordoned off with police tape.
Dean groans.”Cas, it’s,” he pauses. The sheets rustle. “Three in the morning. Can’t this wait? I barely got two hours–”
Castiel suppresses the urge to roll his eyes. Barely. “I suppose a better translation would be, ‘to contain,’ or ‘to lock away.’”
Dean’s phone rings, but after a glance at the caller ID, he doesn’t answer it. Castiel has an idea about who it might be. Someone who would take the more pressing matter of the apocalypse a little more seriously.
Finally, Dean looks up. “They’re overwhelmed. Give it a few minutes.” He chews on his lower lip as he circles the boy. “Look. Shot in the head. No sign of sulfur, though. Can you tell if he was possessed?”
Dean blushes harder and flips her the bird over his shoulder. Castiel can tell his own cheeks have grown warm.
It’s a blow to his confidence. He knows Crowley’s behind it, so he doesn’t say anything to the apologetic manager of the little coffee shop. It has to be Crowley. He just can’t prove it. And even if he could, there was no point. It’s a college town. Baristas, or cashiers, or whatever, came a dime a dozen. No one was going to that kind of trouble to get Dean hired again.
Castiel comes back five minutes before Dean gets off work, dressed in jeans and bearing a fancy bottle of wine. He looks like he took a shower and sobered up.
She’s always been invested in his love life, from trying to set him up with someone last Christmas to encouraging him to respond to Dean’s accidental text. And he appreciates that she’s commiserating with him, but this feels a little excessive.
And if Dean gains one awesome night of pretending he has a future with Castiel, go wherever Castiel went, then, well. He’s only human.
As curious as he is, there is time-sensitive work that needs to get done before the end of the day. Sandover is quite strict about its employee quotas and even if they weren’t, Castiel’s boss, Zachariah is quite demanding.
Dean stares at his phone, trying to decipher the tone of the invitation. He’d exchanged numbers with Castiel after the thanksgiving dinner, but he’d long since given up any hopes he’d had for anything. Aside from a short exchange thanking him, he hadn’t heard anything from Castiel over the past two weeks. Castiel hadn’t even dropped by at the CVS for his usual odds and ends. Dean had considered breaking the silence a few times, but as time passed everything he thought of sounded stupid.
Castiel huffs but he's finally forced to put his phone away just as Zachariah walks past his office. He breathes a sigh of relief because he’d managed to look up just in time to spot Zachariah across the floor, and had been able to sneak his phone back into his pocket. He resolves to work studiously for an hour, but he itches to respond. He doesn’t want Dean to think he’s ignoring him. But when he pulls his phone out, Dean’s sent him another picture.
Dean is an amazing kisser, but Castiel already knew that. Soft, and warm, equal parts give and take. He tastes of cinnamon and sugar. Castiel’s almost a little disappointed that the kiss stays pretty tame.
He moves the card off the deck while Charlie asks, “Do you want a chaser? We have OJ, and pineapple juice.”
It’s easy enough to piece together from what’s been said. Crowley was one half of a bad relationship that Castiel’s mystery texter regrets, full of bad ‘decisions.’ Even though it’s clearly none of his business, Castiel is intrigued because he has never personally been in such a situation. It’s more than that, though. When his new anonymous acquaintance isn’t belligerent and sarcastic, he’s nice to talk to. The belligerence is easy to ignore too, probably because it’s obviously directed towards this Crowley person.
“Wait,” Cas says, stopping him with a hand over his. “It’s my turn.” He snags the card out of Dean’s fingers and reads, “What did you think of me when you first met me?”
Outside, he tries to concentrate on breathing. Blinking at the sunlight, he realizes he didn’t say goodbye. Didn’t wish Risa a quick recovery. Should he go back? No. Stupid. They didn’t care that he didn't say goodbye, or give a reason for leaving. They just wanted him gone. He’d interrupted something. Something that was–
“I’ll cover you,” Castiel says roughly, reaching back to pull the knife out by the hilt. It pulls uncomfortably at the sinews and skin. “Keep moving, Dean.”
They return to chaos at the camp. Despite that, It doesn’t take long for them to fall back into routine. Like Chuck, most people were simply happy to have them back.
“I was gonna grab a bite, look through this mess, and hope that something jumped out at me.” He leans back in the chair and looks at Castiel for a long moment. His eyes are bloodshot, and there are dark shadows under them. “What are you gonna do?”
"How are you feeling?" Cas asks, and it's clear he means the Mark. It's clear he's been pulling the angelic spying bullshit, and Dean should be mad, but he's just empty. It was just bloodlust and creepy visions, not wet dreams. The Mark throbs, and he quickly resists touching or rubbing it. Cas glances at his arm, and not for the first time Dean feels like Cas is attuned to the sibilant, bloodcurdling call of the Mark. He feels sick. Then he shakes it off.
Is this, Castiel wonders absently, what it means to feel dead inside? What a unique turn of phrase. To feel dead. As if death was an emotion. Quite the paradox, too. As if it was possible to know what death would feel like while still being alive. He understands it now, though. It feels like nothing. Like nothing matters anymore.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel pointedly doesn’t reply for a few minutes. Predictably, Dean comes back wheedling.
(Sam’s landed a summer  internship that turned into a cushy part-time gig that pays pretty decently. He’s still got Cas’ old TA job, so that’s taken care of his tuition. Kevin and Charlie will still be his roommates, so he’s not saddled with rent and expenses he can’t handle. Besides, at an overgrown twenty-four, it’s time for Sam to fly the nest.)
Muncie is a twelve hour drive away from Lebanon. Castiel has to stop around the two-hour mark at a gas station. He pays with cash and buys a coffee. Night falls and he drives through it. And for the first time in a long time, he thinks of God. Angels would turn to God for guidance. So perhaps, even if Castiel was closer to a facsimile of one, he should try as well.
Castiel bites his lip, nervous. Dean has stopped whistling. In fact, all Castiel can hear is the gentle hum of the dishwasher if he strains.
The depth of Dean’s research is enlightening. The way he sees it, a case is more than just the details of circumstances and situations. It’s a puzzle of a story, pieced together with effort. He cares so deeply, and that’s why Castiel stays with him.
Well, then. Not much Dean can say to that. Some people find comfort in church. Some ex-angels find it in advertising reserved for the sleepless. He doesn’t want to be the guy to point out that it’s all useless junk that ends up forgotten mostly unused because it almost never works. Especially since he’s already the guy who kicked his best friend out in said friend’s ultimate time of need. The best friend who saved his ass too many times to count. So instead, Dean ventures further into uncomfortable territory.
Castiel catches himself smiling and hesitates, relaxing against the pillows. It’d be nice to talk about something that’s not work with someone who’s not Gabriel. It’s a little unfair to Daphne, who’s just beyond the door, and who is likely willing to talk to him about his book, but things between them are… strange. Listless. Strained. He’s run out of things to say to her. Of ways to talk to her.
There’s a beat of silence. Bobby closes his eyes. Castiel takes a huge gulp of his laced coffee and tries to pretend he doesn’t sense Bobby’s acute disappointment.
“Do you have a computer?” Castiel asks the man. To hope for internet was a stretch, but Castiel simply wants to play solitaire. When they had electricity to spare, he’d found it an entertaining way to occupy time on Chuck’s laptop.
Dean blinks, stunned. He’s not sure how to respond to that. The tightly wound ball of anxiety in his chest loosens. “Right,” he says faintly. “What he said.”
It was validation in the best way. Dean was the man Castiel had texted for little over a month. And in so many ways, Dean was so much more than that. The texts didn’t convey the rich timbre of Dean’s voice. And although Castiel had seen the laugh lines in the selfies Dean sent, he never saw the play of them dusted with freckles, deepening and nearly disappearing as Dean blushed and laughed. And pictures were never accompanied by the feedback loop of Dean saying, “Cas!”
It’s worth the look on Crowley’s face, even if it makes the panic rise anew in Dean’s chest. He knows they’ll be fine. It’s short term. He’ll pick up a few extra shifts at the Roadhouse, and the Coffee Grind. He’ll make it work.
So, is this a friendly thing? Is Cas asking him out? Dean’s not sure. He can usually gauge a woman’s interest in him, but a lifetime of conditioning has him second guessing interactions with men. Especially when said men are gorgeous and intelligent and weird and funny like Castiel.
Castiel just moves his head to rest on Dean’s chest, and then his crazy hair is tickling Dean’s nose. It’s not too bad though, because if Dean so much as touches Castiel’s hair, he starts to rumble like a purring cat.
As soon as the words are out of his mouth, he regrets it. He can see the way the words land on Cas like a blow, crushing him.
“He’s eight,” Chuck says with a grimace. “I mean, the world’s gone to hell, but it’s still hard to accept that the kid’s childhood is screwed.”
It’s much later in the evening when he finds himself still thinking about Castiel. He wonders how Castiel knew his name. When he changes out of his work clothes before he heads out, he catches sight of the badge on his shirt. Most people don’t bother to read the cashier’s name tag, but Dean supposes most cashiers don’t go around comforting strangers.
“It’s alright,” Dean says, reaching out to cup Castiel’s cheek, smiling when Castiel leans into the touch and closes his eyes. This feels nice. He kisses Castiel’s forehead and Castiel wrinkles his nose.
Castiel presses his lips together. He hasn’t felt like a good person for a while now. He certainly hasn’t been honest. “I’m sorry, Daphne. I never meant to hurt you.”
So, Castiel waits for a Saturday morning. He tells Daphne they need to talk. He braces himself for tears and anger, but Daphne just looks resigned. She’s never been much for excitement anyway. When they fought infrequently, she was always the first to suggest a practical compromise and move on.
Because of course Castiel was gonna leave. There’s no way he’d stick around in this small town. Especially not for someone like Dean, who had zero future prospects. Who struggled to get a job as a freaking waiter. Even the damn pizza place had turned him down. It was a small consolation that Auto Singer came through.
That voice– Castiel’s head whips up just in time to see– Dean. He chokes on a sharp inhale and doubles over, wheezing.
Castiel hesitates, but decides to let it go. He licks his lips and smiles warmly. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean eyes the bottles Charlie had laid out on the table a few steps behind him. There’s two bar stools across from each other. He thinks back to the mess in the apartment, evidence of Meg’s presence, and the fight he picked with Cas, and the last thing he said– and the way he feels. He can’t do this.
“Will you come inside?” Castiel asks, fishing his keys out of his coat pocket. He swipes the fob over the reader and the door clicks open. When Dean hesitates, Castiel adds, “I have Netflix. And coffee. Totally innocent.” He pauses. “Maybe.”
“I’d like that,” Cas says warmly. He looks so goddamn pleased that Dean’s heart swells in affection. There’s no way Dean’s ruining that by thinking with his dick.
“Okay.” Castiel worms back down on the bed and rests his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean sighs and settles against the pillows, arm curling around Castiel's shoulders, chin resting atop Castiel’s head.
“Alright, fine. Sam, I apologize for hijacking your project to hash this out. Since you’re determined, Dean, let’s sort this out once and for all. On the record. Now we’ll have it on tape as proof. Not that it really matters either way. She is not my girlfriend. We are friends. Close friends. But that’s all there is to it.”
The awkward feeling doesn’t abate. He feels Dean’s gaze on him and wonders if he should leave. If he should’ve left a while ago. Or perhaps, never have come to see Risa. He can’t understand why, though. It’s all rather confusing. Multiple, subtle meanings.
“I don’t care what you want to call me or the ceremony to formalize it - or even if we decide not to do it. I just know that I want to be with you. If you’ll have me.”
There’s a flash of a memory, scorching hot– Castiel pressed against him on the couch, half on his lap, an erection rubbing against his thigh, the hot brand of his fingertips squeezing Dean’s pec, sending a hot throb of arousal straight south. Castiel’s hoarse, whimpering demands of, “Dean, yes, please let me, let me–”
“You’re not comin’ with,” Dean informs him. He’s checking the holster at his hip, adjusting the belt. “Rest up. Gonna need you when we talk strategy tonight.”
This close, Dean can smell the sweat on him, the gritty, day-end, near-death adrenaline sourness. Every inhale and exhale is a soft, distinct whisper of sound. It reminds Dean of the rustle of wings that announce Cas’ arrival, but also, and more often, always his departures. The more he left, the more Dean felt bereft. But Cas is not going anywhere now, Dean thinks to himself. Cas is just sweating and breathing and Dean wants, with a startling fierceness, just to sweat and breathe in the quiet with him.
For the first time this evening, the texts don’t come back right away. When they do it’s clear that the good mood has dissipated.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says because he doesn’t know what else to say. In spite of everything, even under the hollow facade, Dean still cares. The pills take effect swiftly on Castiel’s empty stomach. The constant pain assaulting his shoulder blades numbs and lifts a little. He begins to feel loose and liquid, so he relaxes into it, shifting so he’s slumped against the wall.
It’s as Dean is walking back across an empty parking lot that Castiel is struck by the beauty of him. What remains of the soul is a mere kernel of his original brilliance. Everything else is fogged in black. Not that Castiel can see. He can’t really see it anymore. He lost that ability. That loss, however, has brought Castiel a new sight. A sight he’d never truly considered.
“Hey, it’s free booze. ‘Kay? It’s no big deal.” Dean flashes him a smile, but it feels a little stiff. Cas relents.
“Cas, you’re not listening to me.” Dean reaches the short distance the give in the chains allow him to go. Castiel places himself within arm’s reach. Dean shakes his head, and with a helpless look, turns to spread his hands on the table. “You’ll get a shot and you have to take it. You have to do it.”
Dean’s still laughing when he follows Castiel inside. He jumps slightly when the door slams shut behind him. There’s a hand on his cheek a moment later, turning him towards Castiel, and then Castiel’s lips are on his, soft and warm. It doesn’t last nearly long enough, but Castiel pulls back with a hot sigh that puffs against Dean’s chin.
Distinctly, he realizes he hears shouting. Another door slams. Something crashes heavily to the ground, and Castiel feels the reverberations through his bed. It doesn’t sound dangerous. Some of the tightness in his shoulders dissolves. It’s strange to realize that he physically
“You didn’t need to do this,” She spits. “What if you’d lost more men? This is supposed to be a safe place for us. We’re trying to survive here. You could risk giving us all away. You could get us all infected.”
Castiel sighs. He might as well let them know he’s useless. It might stop them from charging headfirst into danger.
“Look, Jimmy, I got nothing against you, okay? It’s just too soon. I tried to tell Charlie, and she wasn't having it.” He scrubs his face with both hands and sighs. “... And I feel bad now. You seem like a really nice guy, and you’re pretty smokin’– no two ways about that.” He cringes and shakes his head. “You don't deserve this. I'm being an asshole.”
“Oh yeah?” Risa grins, raising an eyebrow. “Why would you do that? Want me to owe you a favor, Winchester?”
“Don’t,” Dean says, sounding terse. He stops and sighs. “I don’t know what to tell you. This is. I’m not all here and it’s not just the time of the month. I’m tired. I wanted to hurt. Wanted to feel. Wanted you to hurt me.”
“I’d love to eat you up, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, pushing a thigh between Dean’s legs to spread them. “Or is it ‘eat you out?’” There’s two flimsy boxers separating Castiel’s half hard cock from rubbing right up against Dean’s crack.
The rush of Dean’s sigh is a short burst of static over the line. “DeKalb, Illinois. Travel Inn on thirty eight. Room’s one-three-one.”
Dean’s shirt is off– a potent sweat-and-pheromone-soaked clump on the floor. The bedcovers are twisted half off the bed and he’s lying on top of the mess. The scent of him hooks Castiel. It’s intoxicating. It wafts off him now in invisible uncoiling curls, like the smoke of burning incense.
That’s when Castiel notices that Dean’s hands are not empty. One is curled tight around a sweating bottle of beer, but in the other is a brown paper bag. He offers it to Castiel and sits on the floor. Castiel sits on his bed and opens it to find a half empty bottle of tequila and a ziplock bag of unidentifiable pills. Dean sits there, back against the door, drinking his beer and watching Castiel drink. They don’t say much else until Dean leaves.
“Fine,” Dean grumbles, pulling the plate closer to himself. “More for me.” He cuts through the short stack quickly, drenching it with a truly obscene amount of syrup.
Your ass– but Dean knows he can’t say that out loud. Your lips, is definitely disqualified too. The sex hair. Nope. Can’t say that either.
If fate wills it, sometimes the store is empty except for Castiel, and Castiel isn’t in a hurry either. As the seasons change, those are Dean’s favorite moments. He can forget about the monotony and loneliness in his life as he juggles three jobs to support Sam through law school.
The quirk of Dean’s lips falls. He makes a soothing noise and says, “Easy. Easy there, buddy. No use coughing up a lung. You kinda need that to breathe.”
“Oh my god, Cas, why haven’t you replied?” she asks, sitting down in the chair beside his. She steals one of his fries and starts typing out a text.
“Yeah, it would be.” Dean rubs his forehead. “It’s slim, but it’s worth a shot. Let’s hunt this book down. You’d still be able to translate, right?”
It’s strange, hearing about this from Dean’s perspective. Dean was always affable and easygoing over text. Despite that, Castiel knew that Dean felt things keenly. He was so vibrant and so passionate, even if he hid it well beneath an armor of machismo. But it was one thing to know that about Dean, and another to hear it from Dean, about himself. Dean liked him. Dean struggled to get over him. Dean missed him.
“I don’t think it’s going to help,” Castiel says, licking his lips and swallowing dryly. His throat protests in agony. Though it’s impossible, he feels the cut along his Adam’s apple, the memory of his grace being stolen acute.
“I didn’t mean to – pry, I guess,” Dean starts, hackles rising as he hurries to apologize. He thinks better of it and shrugs. “It’s none of my business, but if you need anything…” he trails off, realizing the stupidity of his offer. He doesn’t get off work for hours, and even then he’s headed straight into a night shift at the Roadhouse. He can’t really do anything to help. So he shakes his head and says, “Happens to the best of us, man. Hang in there. You’re gonna be okay.”
Dean watched Castiel’s fingers with a smile. “You wouldn’t know what to do with your hands if you weren’t signing, anyway. Can you still talk if you aren’t moving them?”
Castiel blinked and his eyes went a little wide. “What? I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said rather too quickly, his eyes back down to his plate as he stuffed his mouth with bacon.
P.S. What if I told you that I will be serial posting a new fic, starting this Tuesday? What if I told you it's something a little new for me... a tropey, piney, UST-y, BDSM AU! I've had a lot of fun writing it, so if any of you are into fake husbands, Russian accents, and D/S dynamics, I'd love to see you there!
Dean let out a breath. Time to ‘fess up, and hope Castiel was on board. “C’mere,” he said, kneeling down in the sand and reaching out his hand. The low-tide waves licked at his knees.
Something hitched in Dean’s throat at the beautiful sound of the words, and he blinked harshly, determined not to descend so far into chick-flick-dom that he’d cry. Though, he realized, they were already pretty far in. “How long?” he whispered, helpless but to ask.
Dean dropped into his seat in Professor Adler’s front row, dragging his busted-up backpack onto the small arm-table in front of him. He pulled out a bottle of water and quickly downed two of the prescription-strength ibuprofens he’d left the hospital with the day before. As he’d insisted to Bobby at the time, Dean was
“Nah.” Dean grinned. “If it was an interview, I’d have to get you to pee in a cup, and we both know you’d fail that.”
i live in lawrence, but i stay with charlie in topeka most nights. so manhattan is only an hour, i don’t mind the drive. do it all the time for school anyway.
“C. Novak and D. Winchester,” the top of the first page said in neatly typed text, clearly personalized and printed from somewhere. Below their names, a long list covered several pages.
“It’ll hurt,” Castiel said weakly. It sounded like a last-ditch effort, hope creeping around the edges of his words.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said, smiling to himself as he paused by the kitchen door on the way out again. “On the car phone.”
He moved forward, placing a foot on the first step up to the porch—only to go straight through it, of course. Cursing, arms flailing as he righted himself, Castiel quickly hurried up to the next step and out of the splintery jaws of death.
“She’s not ugly,” Castiel complained, giving Dean a harmless glare before he stepped back and opened the passenger side door for him. “And of course. We can grab lunch now, if you like—I have a several-hour gap before I teach this afternoon, so we can eat and then I’ll take you home. Did you have anywhere in mind?”
Against Dean’s chest, Castiel readjusted himself as he settled back down on the couch. He rested his head on the long pillow he was sharing with Dean, snatched from the old twin bed in the back room. Castiel’s skin was slick and damp. He’d spent a few minutes in the small plastic pool that lived beside the couch, ostensibly watching the movie while he made sure not to dry out. As soon as he felt refreshed, though, nothing Dean could have said was going to dissuade him from pulling himself back up onto the couch and into Dean’s arms.
The sounds that Castiel made as he cried broke Dean’s heart, but the way that he trusted Dean to hear them put it back together again. Despite all the trauma and suffering, Castiel hadn’t done much of this; a few frantic cries during panic attacks, and a handful of silent tears when he’d finally seen the sea again, but not
It was a testament to Dean’s day that felt like a victory. “Thank you, MEG,” he said, as sweetly as he could.
Castiel rocked his hips up to meet Dean’s thrusts. Every push brought Dean’s hips flush against Castiel’s cheeks, every slow slide back out rubbed over Castiel’s prostate with exquisite precision, every ragged pant made Castiel feel more wanted
Dean relaxed into it, grunting and gasping as Castiel’s big hands doled out smack after smack. Dean could feel every finger, could tell that Castiel was working mostly with the palm of his hand and his fingers together—a motion that caused a deep, pounding sensation that pushed Dean’s hips into the bench and that he felt in his bones—interspersed with sharper, wide-fingered strikes that slapped brightly against Dean’s skin and caused a fiery, stinging burn.
Dean snorted. “Dude, you usually wear so many layers that watching you take off a couple is basically a strip show. If you plan on loosening your tie, give me some warning so I can get a stack of ones from the bank.”
Pressing his lips to the soft, lightly stubbled skin of Castiel’s jaw, Dean shushed him gently. He didn’t speed up, didn’t let go of Castiel’s hip, didn’t change a thing. He just continued to hold Castiel close and carried on, worshiping his mouth as he pulled him steadily closer to completion.
Well. The two black footprints on the floor, every line of the tread visible, and the burnt ring of carpet around them were pretty self-explanatory. Thank goodness for ship issue boots.
Done, he looked back up to his laptop screen. Castiel’s head jerked upward, and he cleared his throat awkwardly.
Castiel found himself smiling. “Bartholomew? Yeah, I remember. You made him swallow three of his own teeth, and said if he looked in your direction again, you’d remove the rest a lot more slowly.”
Charlie swept past like a whirlwind, hurrying to get to her car and get the hell outta dodge, and Dean plastered a smile on his face and hugged her fast, squishing the beans out of her as best he could.
There was a tiny, white fleck of grout tangled in Dean’s four-day stubble at the bolt of his jaw. Castiel desperately fought down the urge to reach up and dust it from his skin and press his lips to the place it had been.
Plunging his hands into the digital mass of blue lines, Dean pulled and dragged and waggled his fingers.
“I see,” Castiel said, not seeing at all. “I was just glad it was a pig and not the ghost of the intimidating old lady.”
Thanks to years of experience with this, Dean could guess—with fair reliability, he thought—that Castiel was cupping his hand, keeping his fingers together to cause more of a deep
“Depends what people want to hear.” Castiel pressed the tip of his tongue to his top lip, allowing fragrant smoke to trickle out from his mouth around the edges as he held the joint out to Dean.
Dean was tempted to make Castiel squirm for a moment longer and pretend he didn’t know what he was asking, but in the end, he didn’t
,” Dean let out, before devolving into a whine as his head snapped back up, his spine arching. Fuck, he was going to feel that for the rest of the day. And the next.
Sam’s hands were assisting with Castiel then, and the Impala was right outside the door, her backseat lined with a plastic tarp and a bunch of towels they’d stolen from their motel. It was dark outside, but the sky was beginning to reflect an eerie red glow on the cloud bottoms, signaling the rising flames to anyone who cared to look.
He felt like he’d missed a chance. And somehow, that stung far more than feeling like he’d never had one.
Castiel’s hand sped up, squeezed tighter, twisted in the space Dean’s raised hips were creating between his stomach and the bench. He tore Dean’s orgasm from him like his hand was a weapon, destroying any semblance of control Dean had over his own body.
“Is there anything you aren’t good at?” he asked, half joking as the fancy chocolate melted in the warmth of his mouth, but half not.
“Balthazar personally vouched for him. Apparently, he’s known the guy for years; they were kids together.”
“This is Castiel Shurley,” Bobby boomed out almost proudly, as if he was as chuffed as anything to have information that Dean didn’t. “He’s the new owner of Bellbird Valley Farm, and he wants your number.”
“Well, I’m sorry,” Dean snarked, “but no, I wasn’t actually looking for a naked slime covered asshole right that minute. I was expecting a medic of some kind.”
They sat for a few minutes, trading slow kisses and content smiles, before Castiel eased himself off Dean’s lap. Tucking himself back into his pants, Castiel tidied up his clothes and moved over to the desk, pulling out the basket of aftercare supplies that he’d started keeping beneath it.
They’d bought another new mattress. A whole bed, in fact, as Dean’s love letter-slash-contract had specified.
“Oh hush,” Castiel grumbled. “Just take a change of clothes to work with you and prepare for some shameless romancing.”
“You’re the writer, dude. I’m just the guy who’s trying to get his husband to agree to date him, so he can try for fifth base.”
“Yes. I was hunting out on the reef and I heard you,” he said, his eyes dropping. He fidgeted, his hands clenching and his shoulder fins stretching out and back repeatedly, like little wings. “I’m sorry that I fled.”
For a little while, he’d worried that this wasn’t a safe space for him—he’d stopped hiding his sexuality the day he’d finally come out to his parents and Michael, and he wasn’t about to start now. But luckily, he’d run into Charlie—a very loud, very gay, and very friendly programmer—in the grocery store, and she’d reassured him.
Claire grinned, her blonde waves bouncing as she shook her head. “No, no. Dean is our local builder. We’re hardly big enough for him to make a whole living, so he picks up hours at his uncle Bobby’s store when he’s not on sites. But, on top of that, he’s also a volunteer firefighter.”
“My cottage is just beyond this wooded stretch—we should get dry before we catch a death, all of us.”
if you would update me on what is happening with the ship, and why we’re here. We couldn’t possibly do this without you, the loveliest,
Castiel snatched it, glaring. He'd held on to his collection since high school, who cared what this asshole thought? “Thank you.”
to bruise, wanted to feel it the next day (or for days to come, if he was lucky), Castiel concentrated his hits in similar areas, repeatedly striking the flesh as it began to heat and tingle.
Castiel nodded his assent, and they moved on through the list of paddles, whips, canes, and straps. Hair pulling was a yes, but Castiel drew the line at face slapping. Dean wasn’t particularly put out by that, so they moved right along.
It took him several tries, waiting with the bag of salt in hand, to get all the candles to stay lit in the whipping wind. In the end, he buried them down low in the sand inside their glass jars, and dragged a driftwood log over to help shelter them. Whatever worked.
Dean watched, his heart feeling a bit too big for the space he was used to it occupying. “You’re a dork when you’re happy,” he noted aloud, moving to finish off the coffee.
Castiel smiled, starting to relax. “Good, it’s almost ten o’clock, so that’s perfect. We’ll cut the ribbon and people can mingle for half an hour or so before we start Balthazar’s group on their tour.”
“No, I was actually just driving through Nevada,” Sam continued, “and I just...well, I thought you might wanna know. Or Cas might, anyway.”
Castiel squinted for a second, then grinned. “Oh—that’s my name sign. Or the one my family uses for me, anyway. The letter ‘C’ and then—remember we talked about iconic signs, where the sign resembles the meaning of the word?” Castiel fluttered his hand, fingers together. “‘Wing’—see, the motion. ‘Wings’.”
Castiel blinked in surprise—and Dean tried his best not to feel some kind of way about that, he really did. “Okay?” Castiel echoed. “You aren’t mad?”
A fire crew was there by now, Dean told himself. They’d save the human brothel—drench it, no doubt, and probably tear down the shaky shacks between the door Dean had escaped from and the neat stucco of the honest business.
Dean blinked down at his lap, and the cellophane wrapped bundle of gorgeous, hand-bound red roses; an even dozen, by Dean’s quick count. For just a second, it felt like Dean’s ribcage constricted around his heart before releasing him again. “Cas…thank you,” he said, his voice coming out huskier than he intended as he reached down to stroke at their deep crimson petals. “I don’t think anyone has ever bought me flowers before.”
Castiel approached and picked up the vase, dropping his tap on the table so that he could appreciate the bellflowers, blue aster, and larkspur that made up the simple, loose bouquet. He wouldn’t have pictured Dean as the flowery type, but clearly he had the man wrong on more than one level. The flowers were a housewarming gift, of a sort, Castiel supposed. He couldn’t help but smile; they certainly did help brighten up the dusty kitchen.
“I do, but only because my preferred pastimes aren’t suitable for elegant card parties,” Dean replied, allowing himself to press a hand to the back of Castiel’s arm only enough to turn him toward a vacant table.
“No problem,” Dean answered, pushing a pre-honeyed coffee across the small bistro table toward Castiel. “Gave me time to get the coffees in. Looks like you need it.”
Castiel opened the door, not looking up at first. He closed it behind himself, and it was only when he turned back into the room that he lifted his head. He froze in place instantly, his lips slightly parted, one hand still clenched on the doorknob, his knuckles white.
Dean wanted to lean forward and trail his lips up the long line of Castiel’s neck, let them catch on his skin so that he could feel the vibration of the groan he knew Castiel must be letting out against his own mouth.
“Eileen, I don’t want to hurt you—” he began, meaning it, desperately meaning every word...but Castiel was already there, tackling Eileen from the side and flooring her instantly.
Sitting up straighter, Dean pushes his hands up over his face and breathes in a little more air. “Sure. Right. Yeah, I’ll—I’ll get dressed.”
Thanks as always to Liz, EllenOfOz, captainhaterade, and all of the trashcan girls...for just being there, these last few weeks. Thank you, from the bottom of my squishy little heart.
There was no point in negotiating. Shotgun-toting Floridians who apparently slept in freaky museums and thought “genuine pilgrim toenail clippings” were a crowd pleaser just weren’t the kinda folks you negotiated with.
A frisson of light travelled out from MEG’s chest across her shoulders, zapping straight through her not-quite-real hair without pause. “Should’ve known you’d like it rough, Winchester,” she said, an electronic hitch cracking through her voice at the end as Dean found her powerpack.
Thanks, first of all, to the DCBB 2020 mods for running this challenge smoothly for another year. You are appreciated.
Castiel gave out a small huffing laugh that barely crossed the distance between them. “I believe the Earl of Winchester can do as he wishes, in his own house, m’lord. Though any time you want to rescue me from the monologues of Lord Marv Armstrong, please, feel free.”
With a grimace, Castiel tilted his head back against the wall, and Dean had to let go of his arms to grab his chin and pull it back down.
Sam’s hazel eyes dragged over to Dean, resting on his face almost longingly. “I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“What the hell…?” Castiel whispered, his eyes widening as they stepped into the first section, closest to the corridor. His eyes were resting on the center of the room, where there were four chairs.
Castiel gave him a tiny smile. He moved back to the foot of the bed, taking Dean’s Led Zeppelin tour shirt in hand. He looked down at it for a moment, worrying his gently flushed lip between his teeth. “You really think it smells nice?”
Castiel stared down at the phone in his hand, blinking at the text message. It was from a different number than the one of Balthazar’s that he’d blocked weeks ago, but there was no doubt who it was from. His thumb hovered over the block option for a long moment, but eventually, he just shut his phone off.
“Maybe. We don’t have the key so it doesn’t really matter who did or where they locked it from. But…if we’re lucky…” Dean trailed his eyes back and forth across the deck, thinking.
“Come on,” Castiel signed, smiling indulgently as he sat up. “Let’s shower, and I can quiz you on your Engineering Core stuff for half an hour before you have to be at Cardwell Hall.”
In return, Dean got a raised eyebrow and a puzzled frown before the mer replied, “There’s only one thing people come here for.”
Willingly, Castiel came forward, his tail curling around him in the shifting sand as he came to the very edge of the waves, white foam clinging to his scales.
“It’s a haunted hotel, Dean, an entire hotel. I could use some backup whose mind isn’t somewhere else entirely, and who isn’t half-asleep.”
He reached over to the new nightstand, yanking open the top drawer to root around within for some lube and a condom. Dean’s lips latched to the side of his neck as he searched, slowing him significantly but not keeping him from his prize.
She’d pounced on Dean the second his Uber had dropped him back at their apartment, extracting every detail of his date from him with a glee that simply should not be seen in the small hours of the morning. She’d told Sam. Sam had told Jo. Text messages flew in screeching flurries. It was a whole thing, leaving Dean kinda embarrassed and doing his best to pretend to be annoyed by the time he eventually headed to bed.
“Dunno, smart cookie. You work it out,” Dean drawled lazily, tilting his head to the side and attempting to get the bendy straw he’d obtained for his whiskey back into his mouth without moving. He was largely unsuccessful, chasing it around the glass feebly with his tongue.
Dean’s jaw ached quickly, though, and there was only so much abuse his throat could take before the discomfort overpowered the eroticism off it. Pulling back caused Castiel to shudder above him, clinging to Dean’s shoulders longingly as he curled forward to catch Dean’s lips with his own again.
Dean wasn’t wearing his badge like he did at work. He hadn’t wanted to stand out, hadn’t wanted to make things harder. Briefly, for the first time all day, he regretted it. His chest was painfully tight, like it was trying to pull back his arm as he raised his hand toward his ear.
“Oh, yes!” Castiel grinned widely, the points of his teeth on display as he held it up for Dean to see. “It was out on the reef where I met Gabriel, and it’s a really nice specimen...I thought you might want it for your collection.”
A pair of dirty work boots like Castiel had only ever seen in porn led up to a pair of beaten wrangler jeans, which showed off two adorably bowed legs. Above that, an army green t-shirt smudged with paint and salted sweat stains bore a logo that read
“Hey,” he said, before Castiel had time to wrap his fingers back around Dean. “Lemme show you something.”
“Ahh,” he said as Castiel approached with the most-matchy tap he’d been able to find, “you must be the new owner of Bellbird Valley Farm.”
With another kiss beneath Castiel’s ear, Dean whispered, “I’m gonna take care of you, sweetheart. Gonna make it so good for you.”
Sitting back between Dean’s knees, his beautiful blue monofin flared out across the mattress like silken cloth next to Dean’s feet, Castiel watched. He placed his hands on Dean’s hips, his tongue darting out to wet his bottom lip.
the mattress squeaking out a loud groan that matched Dean’s own. Castiel’s hands were hot, and keen, and
Coming up next week: the pimpmobile is reunited with her owner, finals are coming up, and Dean gets a visitor.
Dean looked across at Adam—his posture was straighter than it had been only moments before and his face more solemn.
“IRS Agents came in and slapped Naomi and Zach right down. We can’t even get into the building,” Joshua continued, his smooth voice pitched higher than Castiel usually heard it. He felt for the guy; Castiel knew he had several kids he was putting through college and a wife at home who’d never worked. This could be catastrophic for him.
After a long, tense moment, Michael’s posture slumped just a fraction and his eyes widened. “Wow,” Adam said to Castiel, loosening up and grabbing a chunk of fried hush puppy dough from his plate. “You really pissed him off, huh?”
“Well you, you’re…” Dean trailed off for a moment, taking in Castiel’s work attire: his deep navy suit, white shirt, and striped tie, all covered by his usual trench coat and a lumpy, blue scarf that had most certainly been hand knit. It brought out his eyes. Dean shrugged, smiling. “Nah, I got nothing. You look great.”
“I don’t mind,” Castiel interrupted with a grin. “They’re right, the corn dogs at Vista are awesome.”
“Let it go,” Dean grumbled. “I just—I connected with him somehow, okay? I couldn’t leave him there to
He still, Dean supposed, was Lord Castiel. Even if he went by Mr. Shurley, these days. Dean wondered if he’d still be able to call him Cas, now.
Castiel’s voice had been low before, but after breathing in the hot air from the fire it had reached rock bottom, deep and smoky like whiskey and gravel tumbling down stairs. The rumbling, rough rasp of his voice certainly sent Dean’s thoughts down to the basement, but
“You know that you and I will always share a certain connection, Dean.” Her dark eyes flicked across to Castiel on Dean’s left before returning to him. “I’d say
Castiel pulled his wallet out of his coat pocket and set it down on the counter before looking up at Dean.
Castiel didn’t speak up and rescue him, so Dean had to get the rest of the words out before the silence became too awkward.
Castiel was quiet, so when Dean finished his first careful cut all around the bottle, removing the neck of it, he looked up, to find his eyebrow raised skeptically.
The door swung open and Bobby sauntered in, effectively cutting off whatever Anna had been about to reveal.
Thinking of the fun he was very much hoping to entice Castiel into afterward, Dean gave a slow smirk. “Something like that.”
“Okay. Michael just finished rounding up his brothers. They’re all glaring at each other, but they’re on board. He did some angel radio thing, said that everyone has instructions, knows the deal.”
Castiel didn’t look embarrassed, shrugging instead. “I wasn’t at all convinced that reality was going to happen, so fantasy seemed to be the next best option,” he explained before reaching for some food of his own.
more than just his little half-twitch of lips, and something warmed and wormed a little deeper into Dean’s chest at the sight. He smiled back, proud. “You’re welcome. It’s all in the pastry temperature, that buttery flakiness.”
Dean guided them around the corner, away from the huge, old fraternity buildings that lined the street. “Did you tell him?” he asked.
Still dazed from…whatever that had been, Dean nodded quickly and got up off Castiel’s coat so he could tug it back over his shoulders. Dean gathered up their trash quickly, and Castiel took one last long look out across the reflecting pool, smiling at the serene water, before he fell into step beside Dean.
While Dean knew that Castiel only meant well by his grateful words, they picked and poked at a deep discomfort that Dean found he simply must settle before they went any further with…well, with whatever Castiel wished this thing between them to be.
Sam said that it wasn’t fair, that it wasn’t the workers’ fault that they were here. Most of them were no better than slaves. They didn’t make a choice to be here—either they were brought here against their will, or life somehow made the choice for them.
Alright, he’d probably have laughed at himself if he could see the dopey smile on his face—feeling his cheeks pull with the width of it was bad enough—but who cared? He, Dean Winchester, fuck-up extraordinaire, had been on a date with Castiel Novak.
Even so, with no other choice, Castiel lifted his suitcase across the gap and stepped down. He’d spent so long gawking at the station that the train was already beginning to shudder behind him as he slid his backpack from his shoulder, balancing it on top of his suitcase. He heard the train doors closing with a soft
“Of course, he’s not,” Michael said calmly. “It’s the Mark. I assume that removing it from him is why you wanted to meet, but you must already know that there’s no way to—”
Dean relaxed, turning so that his shoulder blades were both against the speaker and he could feel it rhythmically buzzing through him.
Once they were done eating, Dean stacked his dishes up ready to put in the dishwasher. “I suppose I should let you go,” he said reluctantly. “I never even asked if you had anything planned for this evening, I’m sorry.”
When he’d caught Sam up on the developments in his love life, the kid had been so happy that he practically kicked Dean out of his own apartment. It also likely had something to do with Sam wanting to spend hours on Zoom with
Laughing as he sat himself down in the vacant seat to Castiel’s left, Dean felt like—just perhaps—he already had.
“Depends what for,” Dean called back coyly over his shoulder. The Dom was directly behind him, but even so Dean flicked his eyes back and tried to get some measure of the man. In the dim, smoky light of the dance floor, all he got was a shock of dark hair. Looks weren’t really the point here, but dark hair was
A short-ish chapter this week, but a pretty fun, sweet, and fluffy one I think. Strap in and bring a toothbrush!
In the sink, a droplet of water from the dripping faucet journeyed miserably down the slope of the porcelain and into the drain. Dean stared at it, letting out a long, slow sigh.
Before he reached for Castiel’s cock, Dean chanced a look up to meet Castiel’s eyes as he replied matter of factly, “You aren’t a boring accountant, Sir. You’re an incredibly
The salty air in the room was stale and unpleasant. Dean became very aware of it filling his lungs with dampness as the two of them sat and looked at each other. Castiel was pushed up on his elbows, his tail cascading down the bed, and Dean sat on the mattress next to his hip, his feet on the floor.
“Alright then,” Dean said, breaking the silence. He forced a jovial grin onto his face and clapped his hands, rubbing them together. “I want you to run one more full scan MEG, then I think you’re good for discharge.”
From the other end of the aisle they were standing in there came a low, but loud, grumbling voice. “Clean up on aisle three!”
With great reluctance and effort, Dean drew his eyes away from Castiel, off to the side. Nervously pressing his thumb into the side of his forefinger until it might bruise, Dean took a breath and bravely whispered, “Cas? I…I need to know if…if you feel
Dumbly, Castiel nodded. His blinking had turned into a solitary tear that gleamed in the orangey candlelight as it tracked down Castiel’s cheek.
Without looking away from his face, Dean’s fingers came up to wrap around Castiel’s hand, guiding his pen down to the paper.
Smiling tightly, Dean put on his best work voice. “Good morning, Zachariah. How are you and the children? Doing well at home?” He didn’t mention, of course, that he was technically still three minutes early.
Down near Dean’s knees, Castiel muttered something that was probably a critique of Benny’s excellent campfire cooking skills, and Benny walked away chuckling.
A chaotic moment ensued: Dean ducked, flinging himself across Baby’s hood toward the driver’s seat, Sam dove forward, throwing himself into the back seat along with their mermaid friend, and the sound of a double-barreled shot echoed through the early morning light.
When he’d been looking for something to seal up the door the night before, Castiel had seen a golf cart in the barn—probably, he thought, used by the old lady in the portrait above the fireplace to get around the sizeable acreage of the farm. He didn’t have a car, and clearly public transportation this far out was just
“So, I get a hand-holding buddy for all of my classes?” Dean deflected, before reaching to pick up the class schedule again from the tabletop.
Castiel didn’t answer immediately. It was probably only a few seconds, but they felt like some of the biggest, heaviest seconds of Dean’s life. Then Castiel nodded, short and sharp and jerky, keeping his face downturned.
The only thing stronger than Dean’s melancholy was his stubborn streak. He wouldn’t say it to Castiel, he wouldn’t upset him further or have him hope, just in case—but somehow, someday, Dean was going to work out how to get him his amulet back, or he’d find something to replace it. No matter what. He kept his thoughts to himself, though.
When they arrived at the diner, though, it was brightly lit and warm-looking, and Dean was happy to hustle inside, walking past the cars that wrapped around the building to go sit at one of the inviting-looking booths within.
The guy walked around his pristine car (eyeing it as he went, clearly checking for scratches) and opened the passenger-side door. He held it wide, sweeping his arm dramatically, and pointedly waiting.
Dean’s eyes followed her thumb as it jerked over her shoulder, and landed on a very familiar, totally fugly, gold Lincoln Continental.
Castiel suspected that Dean just didn’t trust Castiel behind the wheel of the truck, but he said nothing, not wanting to spoil the tentative goodwill they were developing.
Two sealed cans of gas carefully placed on a shelf above the golf cart were the first bit of good luck Castiel had experienced since he got off the train. After giving the pig a displeased glare and a solid talking to about staying out of the house while he was gone, Castiel grabbed his wallet and broken phone and headed into town.
“I get it. But I’m proud of you, you know. You work really hard, Dean,” Castiel said, his expression so open and honest that Dean felt something in him loosen. “If, for some reason, you don’t come out of finals with the grades you’re hoping for? I promise you that it’s just perfectly normal, ordinary college woes. It’s nothing to do with you being deaf.”
Managing to shake the guy’s hand without making a fool out of himself, Dean cleared his throat. “Hey. I’m Dean.”
Had he been staring at Dean’s forearms? Because that would certainly be an interesting development in their professional relationship. Dean grinned, allowing a little weighty pause before he dived back into boring number talk, but then he blinked, pulled up short.
Castiel just sat still, as if Dean’s words had pressed a pause button. He looked at Dean’s hand, too; Dean didn’t move it.
Hannah looked a little more uncertain then, offering him a small smile as she signed, “Castiel will no longer be working with you. He requested that another interpreter be assigned, and Ms. Moseley agreed that was best.”
Dean grinned as he pulled Baby slightly away from Castiel and Connie to give them some space. “I warn you, Baby is a prime beast—she’ll win!”
Dean let out a sharp huff of air as someone tripped over him, essentially nailing him in the kidney with the toe of a battered Converse high top.
“Great,” Dean signed back with a pleased grin at the teasing. “I’m sure a few drinks would make my signing better.”
After only a few seconds, it happened again—a banging, scraping kind of noise with a squeaky quality to it that Castiel couldn’t place. He pushed himself up onto his elbows, and the soft cotton sheet that he’d thrown over himself to sleep—the air conditioning-less house far too hot at night for anything else—slipped down to pool around his stomach.
“Oh, I am mad,” Dean corrected as he reached out, gripping a fistful of Castiel’s trench coat at the shoulder to pull him in for a hug. “I’m fucking furious with you, asshole.”
Dean drifted his fingers back up, resting them on Castiel’s cheeks. His thumb nudged at Castiel’s bottom lip as he said, “You know I’m still bad at this
“Oh, fine,” Jo interrupted, her hands waving. “Dinner and a drink, then. He can take it as platonic if he wants, or he can take it as an opening. Ball’s in his court.”
Dean nodded, flicking his eyes back to the professor for a moment—a lost cause, but he was trying—and folded his arms across his chest. Just his damn luck, today.
Castiel saw the shudder that travelled through Dean’s muscles as he started to stand, nodding jerkily. It looked like speaking was hard, but Dean managed to croak out, “Okay, Sir. Thank you, Sir.”
Castiel lofted a dark eyebrow, wrinkling his forehead in the sunset light, shadows shifting across his face as he turned to look at Dean while they walked. “About?”
I have already pre-emptively built myself a blanket fort to hide in, in order to protect myself from any thrown objects due to the minor cliffhanger!
“I am, much better—and a lot of that is thanks to you two,” he said, looking over to Kaia as she came out from the kitchen bearing a tray of fresh pastries. “Specifically, your fiancée’s magical soup.”
It was a blisteringly hot afternoon. There was a thunderstorm on the way—Castiel could feel it in his bones, and he was pretty sure that Fatback could too, from the pigs utterly foul mood as he flopped on his side in the main hallway of the house, getting in the way as much as he could, and utterly refusing to move. The air felt uncomfortably hot and close, so Castiel had left off staining the new porch planks that Dean had put in a few mornings before, and had instead spent most of the day reorganizing the newly plumbed bathrooms. They’d all been connected to the graywater recycling system that Dean had painstakingly adapted to work for the inn, and it felt like a big step when they were finally done. The inn was coming together, Castiel thought proudly.
And he’d seen how furious it made Castiel that he reacted that way. How frustrated he was to be afraid.
“Of course it’s Crowley,” the crisp, smarmy Scot barked down the phone. “Who else would be calling you with a business proposition at this hour?”
The edge of every softly cresting wave that pushed onto the beach, breaking onto the sand mere inches from their feet, was outlined in a shimmering, ethereal blue glow.
Dean nodded. He could feel a different kind of warmth in his body, heating his cheeks, but he deliberately pushed past it to say, “Yeah, yeah, I get it. I just…I don’t know if you realize how much you helped me. I really wouldn’t be here without you, Cas. You taught me a lot—not just about ASL or by interpreting what my professors said. You made me want to be different, to be better, I guess.” Shrugging awkwardly, Dean turned his flush into a grin. “And hell, I just really like learning from you, Cas. We fit.”
Dean watched Castiel’s back retreat across the diner and out of the door, slamming open the door rather more loudly that was called for. He hesitated, looking back at Michael.
“Uh, no, actually,” Sam said, clearing his throat. “We wanted to talk to you about when Cain took the Mark, and what the world was like before he did.”
Shaking his head, Dean let out a low puff of air. He was being ridiculous, his thoughts swirling and whirling around about a person who may not even be able to stand the sight of him, for all he knew.
“Very well,” Dean said quietly, knowing that he could hardly keep Castiel here if he didn’t wish to be.
“All tastes the same to me,” Dean said, his stomach clenching in long-forgotten horror. “Like a burning mouthful of frat-boy sweat.”
“Classified.” This voice was harsher, colder, flatter in a way that made Dean instantly uncomfortable. It was also male.
He felt a rumble of approval spread through Castiel’s chest against his shoulder blades. Settling against him, Dean reached back to squeeze at Castiel’s impressively muscled flank. All that running…it was really a blessing to them both. Sliding his fingers south, Dean slipped the tips under the waistband of Castiel’s underwear suggestively.
We're so close to done! I'm actually quite sad about it, lol. As you can tell from the chapter number, there's only one more chapter to post, an epilogue of sorts just to tie up a few loose ends and let us say goodbye.
Bobby’s shoulders slumped as he said, “It’s not okay, Dean. But I also can’t just fire him out of the blue, especially without a replacement lined up. But I’ll keep an eye on him and start looking around.”
Castiel’s shifting was growing more frequent, his body twitching beneath the cloth—Dean wasn’t sure if he was waking up, or if the rough washcloth was just causing him discomfort. Either way, he grimaced in apology each time, and continued.
Dean nodded appreciatively, dropping a quick kiss to Castiel’s minty-fresh mouth before he stepped back to answer. “Hell, yes. I will never say no to breakfast in exchange for waking up alone. Though—” Dean paused to wink, “—if you ever want to get your exercise
Eventually, rolling onto the knees of his ruined suit—dry cleaning was never going to fix the dirt and tears of both crawling on the road to gather up his belongings earlier
: If you’d rather not, I understand. I know I haven’t treated you the most fairly, either, and I’d like to apologize for that. It’s not your fault I’ve been so erratic and moody.
Pulling it over his head, Dean padded barefoot out into the gleaming white corridor beyond the dormitory. A hundred yards or so up the hallway there was a vending machine. He slapped his palm down on the reader, yawning.
In a similar vein, some of you may have noticed that I didn't get through answering all of the comments on my last chapter. I'm so sorry for that. I love chatting with you all and I usually answer every comment, but this week was really a
“Glad one of us does,” Dean answered. “I really do need to cram, but this afternoon I’ll go grab your phone and drop it off at your office, so you have it for the weekend.”
Dean had been about to dart inside and rush off to get ready, but Benny’s words snatched his attention immediately. “A new guy? Since the last munch?”
“Doesn’t change the result.” Castiel turned around, shaking out his hands as he walked back over to Dean. “I’ve taken the wraps off your feet, now—they were the last spot to be grafted. You’re looking good as new, pretty much.”
Pushing his chair back, Castiel grabbed his wallet and keys from the top of the tablecloth, spun on his heel, and walked out.
Castiel was just called…well, Castiel, unless people knew him very well. Balthazar had called him Cassie, but he hated that. And Meg called him Clarence and various other odd names, but she was most definitely in San Francisco—he’d just finished speaking to her before he’d braved the country roads on the golf cart.
“What brings you here, then?” Dean asked, pulling the white towel down from his shoulder just so that he had something to do with his hands other than grabbing Castiel’s lapels and dragging him across the counter.
There was another lightning flash, but this time the world didn’t go straight back to black—something lingered, a spark of light between their palms. In contrast to Dean’s shoulder—which was now
Gathering up his dishes and the many coffee cups from his day of studying, Dean quickly stacked them in the dishwasher. Charlie’s place—now their place—had a really nice, open kitchen, with an amazing steel range and more storage than Dean knew what to do with. And it would certainly be Dean who did something with it, as Charlie had lived here since the summer and had yet to turn on the stove.
Hope you've all had a good week. I know I have a couple of readers in Texas, and I've been thinking of you and your weather. I hope things are warming up and getting better!
The escape from the fire had been a lot riskier than Dean had planned for, but all in all, he was fine. If he’d stayed a few more minutes though…
comfortable,” Castiel lied, mildly offended. He was a little overdressed for the country maybe, but this was his favorite suit!
At least they had clothing; MEG had instructed them to head to the dormitory to find uniforms, which he and Castiel had awkwardly changed into, back to back, in silence. The clothes were simple white pants and shirts with collars. Not Dean’s style, but it was better than swinging free around a dude he didn’t know, he reasoned. Why they couldn’t just have single beds like the group dorm Dean vaguely recalled sleeping in on the way out of the solar system, Dean didn’t know. He briefly considered asking MEG… but figured he had a fifty-percent chance she’d just end up telling him to sleep on the floor.
Swallowing harshly, Dean felt his throat bob against Castiel’s fingers as his hand trailed down, across Dean’s neck to his shoulder and on over his shirtsleeve.
Castiel stiffened again and this time Dean bunched up right along with him. The story that Cain had told Dean long ago, of his wife Collette and his journey with the Mark… Alright, Dean had thought—just once or twice, in the dead of night, when he was alone—it wasn’t like there
Pulling himself reluctantly away from Castiel, Dean swiftly drove them directly home, convinced that he’d not only been on the best first date of his life, but also the
No, no—that wasn’t what Dean wanted. He reached across and wrapped his arm over Castiel, pulling him back into his chest and tucking his face into Castiel’s neck. He pressed a soft kiss to the fluttering gills, and Castiel shivered against him.
Dean huffed air out between his lips noisily, nodding. “Yeah. Yeah, of course. Some things are just…I dunno, strangely nerve-wracking to say out loud. When you’re domming me, it’s easy. But somehow outside of that…it’s dumb.”
Castiel didn’t answer, just leaned in, his temple against Dean’s collarbone as his eyes remained fixed on the sea. When Dean’s hands still hung in the air, floating an inch above Castiel’s skin, Castiel reached up and twined his fingers with Dean’s own, pulling his arm around him firmly.
“Of course. The scales were tipping toward Darkness as the influence of Light was removed from the world.”
Dean’s dick immediately wanted to salute Castiel’s sweating, bare body. He wanted to know what he tasted like, how his muscles would feel under Dean’s tongue. But every other part of Dean crawled with wrongness, and fear, and guilt.
“As soon as I’m done with this grouting in the second guest bathroom upstairs. But it’d go much faster if you helped.”
why Dean hadn’t told him what he was doing. He got it. But that didn’t mean he liked it. He worked out his frustration on the topic by taking the mermaid’s remains (carefully wrapped in kelp and sea lettuce to keep what was left of her together) and relocating her to the depths of the sea, some sacred place down beyond the twilight zone in the middle of the Pacific that humans had never located.
Dean huffed in a breath and picked up his whiskey glass. Sucking the melting ice from the bottom of it into his mouth, he focused on the cold, crunchy sensation and nodded. “Yup,” he said around the cracking cubes. “I got this.”
The amulet that they’d come for was wrapped within the chalky bandages that were holding her together, a larger replica of it on display next to her head, for easy viewing. The bits of the chain that stood out between the gray of her remains were tarnished black, and Dean was secretly afraid that it might be too deteriorated to be any good to them.
There was the way his jaw would sit tense, his chin jutted just the tiniest bit as his tongue sat behind his teeth. There was the way he’d sometimes shove a hand into his trench coat pocket, hiding the way his thumb would press firmly to the outside of his forefinger, subtling clenching, a white imprint on his tan skin. There was the way he’d blink even less than usual, his gaze resting on the horizon out of the window, but often seeming as though he wasn’t seeing any of it. And too, there was the way his eyes would sometimes flick over to Dean. A little check, a little reassurance that yup, there he was, so things couldn’t be too bad.
“I couldn’t possibly unleash the raw power of DMX in this car, Dean. You wouldn’t know what hit you.”
“There’s a place on the coast of the U.S.—not entirely clear which state, but southward somewhere? There’s a weird little museum-kinda-thing there. Real kooky place. They have what they claim is the body of a mermaid on display.”
The drain grate below the tub was pouring smoke into the room at an alarming rate. Dean tried to work out how that was—before realizing that there must be a basement to the building that they hadn’t accounted for. If there were flames in the space below him, that explained the overwhelming heat—and put him in a lot more danger than he’d anticipated.
Dean rolled his eyes, pushing Castiel’s hand gently away as he lifted his head from the pillow and wiggled upward a little. “Seriously, I mean it.”
“Don’t you ever get frustrated?” Dean asked, grasping at straws to keep their conversation away from Castiel. “When you have to communicate with hearing people, I mean.”
“Cas!” Dean tried to call him back, tried to speak sense—though he knew perfectly well that with the burn of the Mark sizzling in your veins, there’s no such thing—and reached out to grab at his arm again.
“He made a deal with the Empty,” Dean blurts out. Beside him, Jack’s shoulders shudder like an invisible gun has just rebounded on him, and he sags, full of defeat.
“Darling, we’ve talked about this!” Balthazar leaned back in his chair, still holding the napkin, and spread his arms like his words were a regret. “I like my space, you know how I am. I have a lot of friends over, and you don’t like my friends—”
Psychoanalyzing himself and his mental state after his awful ex could wait until he could exhale without snot bubbles, Castiel decided.
“Pretty moon,” Dean noted. He nudged Castiel’s tail with his knee, giving him a cheesy wink. “That what you wanted me to see? Pretty romantic.”
Castiel got to work as fast as he could, his fingers flying across the keyboard. By the time the class was over, Dean at least had some of the concepts down, though he had no idea what he’d missed at the beginning. Hopefully, it wasn’t anything significant.
Dean slithered, on his hands and knees, over to a barrier in front of his egg. He hauled himself up hand-over-hand, bar-by-bar, until he was able to hook his elbows over the railing and peer out across the Nest.
The only difference that Dean could spot between the officers’ bar and the bar on J deck was that this one was, if anything, smaller.
Castiel took a moment to wonder how everyone here had a “usual”. He’d never been to a place small enough—or been memorable enough, he supposed—to have a “usual” anywhere.
My other big loves go to my girl jscribbles. She's a fantastic writer, who has some really exciting fic coming up shortly--
“Oh, yes,” Sam replied, nodding gleefully. “That’s the one. Dean has all his past papers saved on his laptop. Every time there’s a new, relevant journal published, the first thing he does is search down the list of contributors. He
The effect was amazing. The gray, underwater world around them turned into a magical, flickering cloud of tiny lights that flashed out of existence as quickly as they came. Holding his breath as he was, Dean couldn’t let out the delighted laugh that he wanted to, but by Castiel’s satisfied expression he was sure that his face showed his awe.
If you enjoyed the vibe and think you'd enjoy a fic in a similar era but with a dash of Sherlock Holmes style monster hunting action, check out
“Hey, handsome,” Dean purred lazily, rolling onto his side and propping his head up onto his fist. They looked at each other for a moment, suppressing grins, before Dean let out a low chuckle. “That was some movie.”
“When we had a run-in with Chuck and Amara before, Amara injured Chuck,” Sam began. “He was dying, actually.”
That tiny string of syllables was enough. The angel’s whole face relaxed and melted softly into such a warm, delighted smile, his eyes sparkling, and his lips parted in a soft laugh of almost—but not quite—disbelief. He looked, well, he looked…
Through the clouds of billowing heat, Dean could make out Castiel, curled on the bottom of the left-most shower stall. His back was to the wall, his knees drawn up to his chest. He was still clothed, as if he’d figured that there was so much blood across his shirt and dress pants that he might as well just get in the shower with them; his boots and belt lay abandoned halfway there, his suit jacket a couple of feet further along.
This fic is a lighthearted, fun little BDSM romp, to be taken with a pinch of salt and enjoyment, and not meant to make you think too hard. (I have enough other fics doing that, at the moment!) I hope you like it!
Squinting down at the screen of his shiny iPhone 11—company issued by Garrison, but like hell were they getting it back—Castiel realized with a sinking feeling that he had zero cell phone coverage.
Castiel nodded, but then waved toward the little bathroom that was back near the cabin’s single bedroom. “I’ll tidy everything up. You go shower, then we’ll go; the time should be close enough.”
Castiel groaned in appreciation—then sudden and sharp, with no warning at all, he bent over at the waist and reached out, stretching his arm up Dean’s back.
It didn’t take too long to pull up to one of Dean’s favorite diners, just outside of town on the other side of Lebabon.
was an understatement. Dean’s temples were pounding, he was croaky and sore, and his lungs felt like he’d been breathing in glass shards—but he wasn’t about to worry Sam over that. He’d felt much worse, and he was already improving with fresh air and sips of water, though he had a feeling the sore throat was going to hang around.
