"Bloody Git," John giggled as he moved over and found the children's pain medication they'd gotten just for this occasion. “I’m not nagging; I just want to be sure.”
"You've been at this for about three hours, you should probably... What?" John's confusion grew more, realizing that Sherlock had fixed him with a deeply meaningful stare.
"I can only try, John. I'm not like you. This isn't easy for me." Sherlock started to protest. John pulled him back for another kiss.
“Ah, he put some pieces together for a case. You know how he can be.” He waved her off, dismissing her though she wanted to remain.
"On our way home, back to England. We shall try to find Moriarty when we arrive." He sighed; looking down as he gently ran his fingers through John's hair. "My mender, I am terribly sorry this has happened. I should not have allowed you two to travel alone. I knew something would happen and I could have protected you." He dropped his head to John's shoulder in exhausted relief. "I am pleased you have awoken. We almost lost you both in one day."
"Sherlock," He whispered and Sherlock felt himself tighten. The way he said his name held a gentle control over him. "Our bond is unavoidable. I know there are only two answers. Either you kill me or you accept me. You have never before had an interest in a partner, so if you plan to destroy me do not toy with my heart. Instead kill me now so I may be at peace."
"I know. Which is why I will release myself fully into your care tomorrow." John smiled. Sherlock looked surprised but John just shook his head. "This life holds nothing for me... Especially nothing so wonderful as a life with you will. I do not wish to continue this charade, your tutelage can teach me to be more than I ever can as a mortal. Please consider it." John kissed him once more and turned to walk in the house. Just inside the door Sherlock called his name, making him turn back. "Yes?"
Sherlock and John went into their room and once the door was close John took Sherlock’s hand, forcing him to look at him. He leaned back against the door, pulling Sherlock into an easy embrace.
"I know my little love." Mycroft tried to reassure him. John required gentleness and each time Mycroft provided it for him, Mycroft grew more surprised at the amount of tenderness he contained in his own heart. He cuddled John into him and held him close. "You even attempted to meet his mind, without first training to do so. That was very dangerous."
A peace that had been long missed returned to the coven house as the next several weeks passed, though they passed without the coven seeing much of the three Holmes men. Anthea brought them blood several times, pleased to find them all together and smiles brightening their faces for the first time in many months. So things went until one morning as Anthea surveyed the house to ensure everything was in place before she took to her slumber a soft knock sounded at the front door. She opened it with surprise to find Lady Elizabeth Moriarty, clearly showing her pregnancy and leaning heavily on one of her female servants. She was very distressed and immediately grasped Anthea’s hands, sinking to her knees.
“You may oversee the Coven while mother sleeps, you are not however in charge of my mate. Mark my words, brother mine, if you lay a finger on him I will end you.” Sherlock spoke the words over his shoulder, not even turning to face Mycroft as he spoke. He did not believe Mycroft deserved such dignity.
Sherlock watched him sleep, forcing his arousal down and reminding himself that every stab of lust he fought earned him his place again within his menders heart. He carded his hands through John's hair, sighing softly as his mate curled closer to him instead of pulling away. He looked up as a soft knock sounded on the door and Mycroft entered. He stayed close to the door, noting the sleeping mender, and smiled. A smile which brightened when his brother returned it.
"He tries my patience." Sherlock whispered before leaning forward to claim his mouth in a soft kiss. "I am truly sorry for my behavior yesterday, my beloved." His voice was soft as he leaned their foreheads together. "It was unforgiveable and the fact that you grant me forgiveness proves you are far worthier than I am." He ran his hands up gently through John's hair, smiling as John let out a soft sigh of absolute pleasure.
"There is no time." He snapped. "Twelve hours was more than I needed but two are already wasted and  for every minute he's in their hands I lose."
"It is the name given to families born of mortal and vampire relations. A male vampire can sire a child with a female mortal, but the child is almost exactly like their mother. If the child, who is both half vampire and half mortal, chooses to live a mortal life and denies herself the vampire aspect of her being she becomes a Solvanar. She will then most likely birth a mortal girl child with her mortal husband who again shall resemble the mother and grandmother almost entirely. It is the fourth generation that a son can finally be born again of the mortal line. John's parents ran afoul of Anthea when she went out to feed many years ago. They intended to kill her because her knowledge of their bloodline was dangerous to their young children. Solvanar children are prone to seeking out vampires because the blood still lingers in their bodies. They crave the life that was denied to them by their mothers. It has been found to be especially true in the sons of the Oaken Solvanar, John's line. Their hunger and desire for nocturnal life usually finds footing in the sons born of the line, beginning the pattern all over again if or when they choose to take a mortal woman to their side.  As I understood it his family had been wiped out. However when I discovered the work on the Oaken Solvanar here in our city I was informed that John was the younger sibiling, the one not given the Solvanar heritage..." Mycroft explained for them both, noting that John simply smiled.
"It is my intention to remain here so long as the two Lords shall let me. I have much to learn from them and no usefulness at your manor." He snapped, his tone dark.
There were candles and a bottle of wine on the table, clearly prepared before they'd arrived at the restaurant. Sherlock had planned this carefully, something that sent a jolt through John and caused him to blush again. The reality of the fact that John Watson was officially on a date with Sherlock Holmes settled into slowly into his mind as they both chose what they were going to pretend to eat. They sat in a comfortable but heavy silence for a long time as the weight of their thoughts seemingly bore down, forcing the air out of the room. John was suddenly all nerves and confusion, feeling like a young boy finally getting to be alone with his crush. He blushed as Sherlock's glance swept upward suddenly, catching him in the act of surveying his face. Sherlock was unable to stop the soft laugh that rose in his throat as John flushed like a guilty love struck teen.
“Give in…” Mycroft purred, his eyes almost black with desire. He was going to prove to Sherlock that he was stronger. “Now, my little mender, submit to me.” He growled. John groaned, his head falling to the side as the arousal in his body skyrocketed, Mycroft’s words seemingly echoing inside him. Mycroft sank two fingers inside the menders hole, growling against his mouth as he shouted in a mix of pleasure in pain.
"Oh God, Sherlock…" John panted, his toes curling. In his wildest dreams he hadn't imagined how amazing
Lestrade drove them to the hospital all of three them in silence as they went, each of them processing their feelings. They were escorted quickly through the areas into John's room. Donovan was leaning on the wide window ledge, her mobile against her lips as she surveyed John with more concern than Sherlock had previously believed her capable of. John was unconscious, his left eye swollen. His entire right shoulder was bandaged and taped so that he couldn't move it, evidence of bleeding visible on the bandages. His t-shirt and jumper lay on a table to the side in evidence bags both of them obviously cut off during triage. His jacket was draped over the chair on the right side of the bed. Donovan straightened up when they entered, looking directly at Lestrade. Mrs. Hudson moved instantly to the chair, sitting down and putting her hand very gently on John's. Sherlock stood at the end of the bed looking over John, absorbing every injury he had sustained and committing it to memory. Most of the wounds were superficial, cuts and bruises. There was a clear bruise over his ribs on the right, below the bandages. His top lip was swollen and cut on the left side, his knuckles of his left hand bandaged as well. Sherlock felt the hot fiery shame and guilt that settled into his stomach, making his face take on a very dark look. Lestrade hugged Donovan slightly before they went back to being all business.
"Yes and your beautiful son Hamish." She smiled broadly as Hamish sort of bowed from where he was eating his pancakes. She walked over and John gave her his vacated seat as he moved to take Sherlock's plate from him, sighing as he realized Sherlock had eaten about two mouthfuls of food. Sherlock just looked at him and shrugged.
John Watson-Holmes sighed contentedly as he sipped the cup of tea in his hands, his feet up on the coffee table and the head of his husband resting easily in his lap. His left hand carded through those brunette locks eliciting a soft sigh from Sherlock Holmes as he enjoyed an easy moment. The first in what felt like ages as they'd been running all over London for the last two weeks working on a series of cases. It was nice to have a moment to relax. They’d been sitting like this for the last half an hour, and though John’s tea was quite cold he was still enjoying the ministrations of drinking it while Sherlock rested and was in physical contact with him. The moment was punctured just then when the sound of a small child crying echoed through the flat. Both of them sighed softly and there was a tense moment as they silently argued about who would get up. Sherlock gave John puppy eyes and John smirked.
“Why?” Sherlock forced out, his voice small and broken. The rising sun caused John’s wounds to worsen and he knew his time was coming soon. “Why John?”
“It’s cliché, overtly obvious, and rather boring. But that’s what happens when the plan of a Mastermind is left in the hands of an idiot.” Sherlock snapped, resuming his usual manner as he explained what should be obvious to those who couldn't see it. "John and I have discussed all of the details that I have. This is all part of the plan, the web left behind to enact final vengeance. He is aware of the dangers!" His anger spiked and was clear in his voice.
"You are part of the work, John." Sherlock saw the exact moment those words melted John's resolve and he leaned forward sharply, pressing his mouth to John's to claim the entirety of John Watson's heart. He pulled back, barely a space of breath between them. "John?"
He found the bottles of scented oils next to the bed, knowing they were put there by Mycroft for his little
"Naturally he asked you to accompany him?" Mycroft asked softly, carding his hand through John's hair.
"Don't be stupid." He replied coolly, but without his usual harshness. Turning his eyes away from John and again standing to move away.
"Oh John, a daughter..." She clasped his hand. "Please, will you stay and tell James? He has been resting all day and does not know of my illness or the cause." She sank back tiredly.
"Get away from me." He tried to say firmly but his voice shook, his body responding to James' touch. He tried to struggle but James pinned him harder, enjoying the fight.
"Oh. He is magnificent is he not? His family thinks very little of him. He spends his time in books and tending to the wounds of their animals and their servants. They believe him to be dull and that he will be nothing but a bane on their family as they try to wed him off. Imagine their surprise if Sherlock Holmes, Lord of this estate waltzes in just days after their first conversation and asks for his hand." Mycroft's words were cold, Sherlock had a terrible fear his brother was going to deny him this.
John's eyes dulled as he tried not to feel the pain but they radiated his truth. Everything about him screamed -
"Ich weiß, ich sah ihn. Gehe Jacob, jetzt." John sank down in the chair as Jacob pushed passed Sherlock and took off.
"I find in myself an urge to kiss you like this," He whispered gently reaching up to touch Sherlock's lips. "Is that common in your prey?"
"What are you..." John demanded but Sherlock cut him off, easily moving him to push him down on the couch.
your blood. I am merely suggesting it may hasten the descent. Your Grandmother was quite worried about Moran having access to your blood for that reason. Since your bloodline is that of the first vampires it can deepen the descent into the primal nature we all struggle against. That said, all of us know that Moran is a horrid creature and has been for longer than you even know.” He frowned again, leaning back in the chair and watching the other vampire.
“Mr. Holmes?” Greg spoke, betraying his confusion. Relief flooded through John, if Greg was confused the it must be some sort of trick.
"But it is!" He stamped the umbrella down making a loud click. "The card itself is not important Sherlock, but have you considered the message you sent? Have you considered the unspoken ramifications of what you have done?" He demanded, his voice still quiet but perfectly clear. "Have you completely forgotten what
- How could he have been so blind? John had ruined Moriarty's plan and in that one moment, that first moment become a target.
"This is, mad." He said angrily, jumping to his feet. "I feel like I'm going to wake up in hospital somewhere in a white coat." He started moving about the room again trying to find something to focus on. His mind raced and he began rummaging through his closet sorting the clothes inside it. Without thinking he began to plan an outfit for dinner before a sudden realization hit him. Sherlock stood still where he had been, arms at his sides and eyes following John's every move. His eyes were focused and intent, scanning every action for meaning. John reached into his dresser and pulled out a pair of pants before freezing. Sherlock hadn't
"I don't envy you, mate. Two of them... I'd better go and check on My." Greg turned and headed back up the stairs.
"He is at the door again?" Mycroft asked her softly as she fully entered the study and sighed when she nodded. He stood and walked towards her.
"Do not touch me." John forced out, shivering and sobbing, but Sherlock held him tightly. John was weak, his body faltering from injury and exhaustion. Sherlock cooed softly, gently touching his cheek.
"John has not spoken to you of the reason for his denials?" His voice betrayed his concern. His brother had asked George to bring his trunks in from their storage house. Which meant his brother was planning something. Sherlock had never before been in a position such as this and Mycroft knew it was breaking his heart.
Silence again fell around 2-2-1-B, and it was hours later just as the sun began to set, that John was finally broken from his internal musings. He heard the sound of a carriage outside, the type with horses of a finer breed than a simple taxi. It had to be one of the Coven’s carriages and he suspected it was Mycroft come to somehow turn this into another battle between the brothers. His fraying nerves were not ready to weather another fight between the pair, the aftermath of which often resulted in a sulking Detective and near destruction of some piece of furniture. The Mender forced himself to stand, though he trembled as he did, steeling himself against the impending confrontation. Instead of Mycroft however, Gregory bounded up the stairs and into the room smiling warmly at the other. He did not seem surprised to find Sherlock had not yet returned, nor that the oil lamps were not yet lit despite the darkening afternoon. Gregory lit the lamps and then motioned for John to relax in his chair, taking the one across for him.
“Sherlock, Moran and I shall be away for several days – do you think you can behave yourself for that long?” James growled.
Sherlock sat there, his eyes burning into John's as he panted hard. He was so desperate to just give in and do what John was asking, but he also knew this might be John's first time. His eyes twitched slightly and John smiled.
“Take him home and help him heal.” Sebastian ordered Mycroft. “I will try to follow James and free Sherlock.” Moran gently ran a hand over John’s forehead but he groaned and pulled away, curling into Mycroft’s arms. Mycroft’s gaze darkened.
"You were in danger." Sherlock forced out. He explained everything that happened, the whole plan. Lazrus, the alternates, who knew, everything. He went on for at least an hour, until his voice was hoarse.
Mycroft pushed Sherlock down onto the bed, following him as their mouths desperately continued to move together like either might perish if they broke apart. John groaned softly from his perch on the couch and enjoyed how that simple noise caused a tremor to run through both of the brothers. Mycroft's hands roved over his brother's form, desperate to touch him, to feel how Sherlock responded to every sensation. This drove Mycroft to madness, knowing that he could incite such desperate passion in his brother. To see how much his own desire was reflected in the actions they shared. For so many years he had doubted that his brother would ever find his way to enjoy the pleasure of simply being in a moment and allowing passion to rage through his mind and heart. A doubt which doubled when coupled with the thoughts that Mycroft had hidden away, those secret desires he was sure would never be allowed a turn in the light. The desire to be the one who made Sherlock come apart, to see how he sank into his body and trembled from the sensations caused by his brother’s hands. To see how Sherlock grew and adapted for all the ages of the world. He knew now that John was the key to all of this. To allowing both of them to find their true selves and embrace the truth that the laws and relationships of their first life were not as tightly binding now in this eternal life. Mycroft shouted as Sherlock slotted their bodies together, their erections brushing against one another hard. Mycroft arched up as sensation ran through him, Sherlock clawing hard into his arm. Both of them gasping and moaning loudly when they heard soft moans drifting over from where the mender was on the couch. They froze, turning to look at him and both groaning loudly as they realized he was stroking himself as he watched them. Sherlock pulled Mycroft down and rolled his hips harder into him as he kissed him again. Their bodies desperately moving together until all three of them shouted and released.
“Would ask John and his family first,” Mycroft chided, cutting him off. “As you can clearly see the young Lord Watson’s disposition is welcoming of my brother’s intentions. So once we know where you stand, Lord Watson,” Mycroft looked directly at John’s father. “I may send word to the Duke to secure his.”
"Well I'm going to make sure I don't blog about that, the last time you were stumped we broke part of the internet." The two of them laughed and then sat in a comfortable silence for a long time.
Now it was half five and he was wide awake, the house was silent, and there were no lights on. Alarm bells blared in his mind as he tried to fathom where Sherlock could be. He took a deep breath trying to remind himself that Sherlock could end up almost anywhere without respect to comfort or environment when he was in case mode. Trying, as he stood and fumbled with his bathrobe, to remind himself that Sherlock would stay completely still for hours or days lost inside the expanse of his mind. He was glad to see he'd managed to keep his socks on overnight and straightening them as much as he could he stood and began to pad about the room. Sherlock was nowhere to be found in the master bathroom or suite so John mentally crossed it off his list and moved out into the hallway. A single light shown in through the doors to the garden and showed John that Sherlock was not on the couch or at the dining table in the living room area. He slowly made his way into the second bedroom and the small office still coming up empty handed and doubt and fear began to gnaw away at him again. Had Sherlock lied? Was he gone? He'd stopped just outside the main bathroom and was preparing to go into the living room when he caught the outline of something on the floor in the bathroom. There sitting cross legged and perfectly still was Sherlock. John fought not to laugh at the image realizing that Sherlock must have started off there and never moved further into the house as he'd fallen asleep while thinking. The relief flooded through his body and he softly pulled the door to. He knew better than to try to wake Sherlock even to make him move to a more comfortable location. Waking Sherlock at a time like this was like poking a sleeping dragon - very dangerous for your health.
"You did not want me to." Mycroft said simply, a smirk on his face. "I will never force you to do something you wish not to. Others I would, not you. Never you, my little vampire."
him that he was going to go. Ordering him about as if he was incapable of making decisions. A distraction. "Sherlock," He didn't turn but his back straightened, setting Sherlock on the defensive. "You're still hiding something."
“I shall see you then.” Without waiting for any further reply Mycroft swept from the room and down the stairs.
"Whatever you say, Mycroft," Sherlock was burning holes into John with his eyes, but his voice was still the exact same. Suddenly he broke his attention from John and turned to look at Mycroft with something akin to pure hatred on his face. "How much?"
"I didn't honestly believe it was possible to think someone awake. Do you always think so loudly?" John opened his eyes tiredly.
Sherlock crossed his arms and looked at his brother with anger; while this was the most logical thing for them to do it put them in a corner. If they remained in London, Moriarty might have a chance to gain an upper hand on them. If they went, however, they would be forced to remain with the Coven. He slowly turned to look at the Mender whose hands were clenched into the arms of his chair, he could feel the thoughts racing through their bond. The moment slowed and seemed to stretch before Sherlock nodding, turning back to his brother. They would have to go, it would be safest for the Mender and ensure they did not lose any ground for the two enemies to join forces again. John had to be safe.
"That was sort of the point, wasn't it?" She stood firmly in front of them, trying to regain her composure. "The problem is that being dead just isn't much fun, now is it?" She took a deep breath, hiding some emotion from her eyes as she tried to give the impression she had the upper hand. "I'm glad to see you safe, John." John was slightly taken aback by the genuine tone of her voice but it did nothing to diminish the feelings clawing their way through his chest. "But safety is such a fragile thing. But that's also the problem with playing games with a mind like Moriarty. Once you're in the web you can't get out. The fly doesn't gain freedom just because the spider is dead." John tensed defensively but Sherlock again squeezed his shoulder. "Oh relax." She ordered in an annoyed voice. "I'm not going to hurt either of you. Indeed that is very reason why I am saying goodbye. I've betrayed my agreement. Certainly I had broken it before but doubly so now because I've come back and I
"I'm sorry too Hamish." John said quietly. They sat that way for awhile before Sherlock got up to help Greg. They set everything on the table and John enjoyed the feel of his son in his arms. He took him to the table and they all sat and chatted for awhile, relaxing in the moment.
"Why are you here? Come to gloat?" Sherlock demanded quietly as Mycroft came to rest in front of him. Mycroft's location preventing Sherlock from his pacing.
John pushed up off the couch, it was somewhat painful to do but he didn't stop himself. He crossed the room and grabbed Sherlock by his dark locks, pulling him into a feverishly passionate kiss. Sherlock moaned softly, caught off guard but sank into the kiss putting his arms gently around John and prolonging the kiss. But he pulled back after just a few minutes.
"He had to go to the Yard for a case. If for some reason he comes back just let him know I went to the store." John forced a cheerfulness into his voice but it didn't reach his eyes.
emotions, but you have to hear me out." Sherlock put a hand on John's, trying to reassure him. It said:
"I don't feel good. I feel… Wrong." He gave another frightened sniffle and John forced himself to walk over and pick him up, cradling him close.
Shadows are forming around the Holmes, secrets John is still keeping from the brothers, the brooding darkness of Sherlock's possessive mind, and Mycroft's secret desire to have John for his own are beginning to be too strong to ignore. When Lord Sebastian Moran makes an appearance in Paris and sets the ball rolling to reveal that yet another has their sights set on John's heart, Sherlock descends into one of his black moods.
"It'll be okay John." Sherlock whispered, putting his hand on John. But his voice was still odd. They'd almost wasted too much time. There was danger that he would be permanently compromised because of this. Guilt welled up inside Sherlock's stomach and John who was both half in the world and half out of it felt the tremor that ran through the detective.
"Captain!” Sherlock yelled in a somewhat childlike voice, tears catching in his throat. John moved over and put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock sat straight up, grabbing it like he would die if he lost contact with John. John was somewhat surprised by the emotion in Sherlock’s eyes but he could see how the dream slipped from his mind.
"Sherlock, did you write that song about… Me?" His breath caught as Sherlock turned back to look at him.
"No. That was... Uhm, me. Jacob's father had enough money for him and his sister." John blushed slightly and Sherlock continued tending to his scratches without any retort. "But Jacob said someone was chasing him. This has to do with the secret society that our fathers were a part of." John sighed, the rain was pouring down now.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let his hearing expand, waiting until he heard the door to the mortal’s hall close before moving. Mycroft watched him, transfixed as he seemed to slowly rotate on the spot and turned to face him. Sherlocks’ entire body hardening in a way Mycroft had never seen before. It made Mycroft tense and become defensive, unsure of what was about to happen. He moved to speak but Sherlock simply growled and took three strides across the room coming to rest almost touching Mycroft, his entire body tight with anger and something darker. Mycroft furrowed his brow in confusion but simply waited for Sherlock to speak, unsure of what the other was thinking. After a long moment, Sherlock had not spoken, simply standing still and rigid in front of Mycroft.
“It seems a bit trite to write the name of a woman on the wall when there is no evidence a woman was here…” He began and then looked over and knelt by the body. “There is no blood on the body.” John began but sighed when Sherlock immediately cut him off.
"I want you to keep that, okay? Keep it safe?" John asked as he slipped it over Hamish's neck. "It's important to your Dads." He grinned.
"This is not a joke Mycroft. Every fortnight for months now he has come to spend the day with you. He has not returned and was not expected to return to me until sunset!" Panic filtered through Sherlock's mind, if John hadn't been with Mycroft where had he been all those days?
"Right..." John sighed again, looking at his hands. "She's not you. No one could ever be you. But she makes me at least somewhat happy and I figure it's better to be somewhat happy than to be ruined for life. So... I'm going to ask her to marry me."
Two weeks later Christmas was fully upon them. They had remained isolated at the estate, not returning to physical therapy or the Yard after that afternoon. Instead preferring to work alone, reviewing the case files, and generally avoiding anyone but each other's company. It had been a welcome respite for John, but he knew that Sherlock was likely going to go stir crazy at any moment. The week of Christmas they received a visitor - Lestrade. He came to visit, claiming he needed a holiday and was going to remain with them for the week. He arrived two days before Christmas with several items from 221B, including a solid black case that he gave to John and John secreted away before Sherlock could even begin to guess what was inside. He'd also explained that Kitty had seemingly disappeared from the 'radar' for the last week, seemingly pointing to the fact that the world was giving the consulting lovers a break. Christmas Eve they sat up until wee hours of the drinking and talking. John was the first to head to bed, claiming tiredness but really just tired of the conversation and how it focused on his and Sherlock's romantic entanglement. Sherlock only went to bed when Lestrade said he couldn't stay up any longer, which was just a few hours before sunrise, which was also why he was still blissfully asleep when the sound of someone playing the violin reached his ears and forced him back into the realm of reality. He sat straight up in bed, completely confused and somewhat intrigued as the hesitant notes drifted through the house. As he had poured himself in bed still fully dressed he hesitated only to slip on socks before rushing out into the main part of the house. He was momentarily surprised when he realized John was not in bed, but a sort of awed smile played on his face as the realization that John might be the one playing drifted into his mind. Absolutely overwhelmed with curiosity he burst into the living room only to be met by a sudden burst of cold air. The doors to the garden were open, though a fire crackled away in the hearth, and John sat at the table just outside the doors. His face was relaxed, eyes closed, and he was fully dressed. He was wearing the longer coat Sherlock had forced him to get, his hair already neatly arranged for the day, and a smile fixed on his face. Sherlock stood perfectly still, transfixed by the sight before him as John raised the bow to a violin he'd never seen before and began to softly play. The piece he was playing was one that Sherlock often played when he was thinking, but slightly different. His eyes scanned his lovers form, taking in every tiny detail as John played on seemingly unaware of the attention. Sherlock leaned back against the doorway, ignoring the cold biting at his skin and watched with rapt attention for almost ten minutes before John opened his eyes to adjust something and saw he had an audience. His face turned five different shades of red and he hastily put the violin away, blushing and swallowing hard.
"Oh I have and will be again. And likely our brother." He laughed with her. They were both a tad nervous each concerned about the possessiveness of their respective husbands and about the fact that their husbands often spoke ill of the other's mate. She continued her efforts smoothing his collar, trying to mollify his nerves because she assumed (rightly so) they were in regards to her groom.
"Sherlock..." John's voice cracked and he tugged tighter on the cloak as if trying to pull Sherlock back towards the estate.
John was out of the collar quickly but far weaker than either of them expected. She acted as if she was simply carrying him to be treated and her father took absolutely no notice. She hurried up the stairs with him, wrapping him in the cloak before leading him out to the horse. She had him situated and had turned back to go to Sherlock only to find the man there, fixing his shirt.
"Johnny, walk out with me please? I'd like to speak with you alone." Jacob smiled softly as he asked but tensed some as both he and Sherlock watched John assume his mechanical motions.
The sensuality of it all, the passion in Sherlock's eyes, and the incredible feeling of Sherlock filling him up crashed through his body and he shook hard. Every muscle in his body started to tense as his body pleaded with Sherlock for release. Sherlock could see that John was about to lose control and he leaned down claiming John's lips in feverish kisses as he slammed harder and hard into him. Just as the first time Sherlock had made John orgasm he captured his lovers release by kissing him firmly when he shot over the edge. Sherlock growled into this kiss as Johns shouted his name, muffled by the unbroken kisses, and both of them tumbled into release. Three waves of John's hot cum shot over their chests as they just rode out the wave of their joint release. When they finally broke the kiss both of them were panting and covered in a fine layer of sweat. Sherlock braced himself up over John, not moving for the moment to give John a chance to wrap his mind around what had happened. They searched each other's eyes for a long time before Sherlock slowly and carefully pulled out of John and moved into the bathroom. He returned just a few minutes later with a warm wet towel and gently, lovingly cleaned off John's chest before cleaning himself off. He tossed the towel on the floor with their clothing and crawled back in the bed, mounting John and gently pressing kisses over every scratch or mark he'd left on his body. It was almost like he was apologizing for having hurt him but each mark tingled and made John's flagging arousal rush back through his body.
. John sighed softly again, trying to let the anger go. "There were too many things we didn't say. To many times that we both gave each other the look we gave each other last night and nothing happened. So many times that... I walked away. All I had left when you were gone was regret. After someone sent me those pictures I gave up. What was the point? There was the evidence that the man I admire more than anything, a life I cared for more than my own, a man I
"Someone has to teach you, your own medicine." John replied softly Sherlock barely pulled back, their mouths brushing as they spoke.
"I will see you home safe. You are to come to my manor tomorrow." Sherlock's instructions were firm but once inside the carriage he brought their mouths back together.
"Don't you dare tell me how to feel." John said softly, pulling Sherlock's hand so he sank down on the bed beside him. "I shouldn't, you're right. I should beat you stupid and then beat you again. But I can't." He sighed and looked down. "All I've wanted for the last year was this. You, here. With me." John looked down at the floor, sighing as he revealed some of how he felt. "I know you don't
"I think I've gone mad." She whispered and Sherlock blushed just a bit. "Have you lost your head?" She asked him softly.
"This whole case has changed something inside of you again..." John's voice didn't even feel like his own because he was aching with desire.
"He did so for a reason," Mycroft moved closer and put his hand on his cheek. "Which I understand now. You have suffered so much trying to keep your heart afloat between us. Sherlock has done this to force me to confront my feelings and to salve my heart." He motioned to George to stay back and he helped John into the house on his own.
"John? John?!" Sherlock's voice was insistent as he shook John awake. John opened his eyes and looked around in a fit of panic. Sherlock stood there, one arm through the sleeve of his shirt and the other hanging off of him. His bare chest half exposed. John found his attention lingering on the angular curves of his chest before the realization of the moment jolted him back to reality.
"Not sleeping well." He said dismissively and Sherlock's mouth tightened into a thin, demanding look. "Nightmares."
“Well now he is gone, and you are home safely.” The mender grinned, leaning up to capture the others mouth in a deep kiss.
"One of these days John Hamish Watson-Holmes I am going to fuck you in this hallway." He grinned as John dissolved under the heat of the statement and turned walking up the stairs, leaving John panting against the wall.
“J-John…” Sherlock muttered, biting his lip hard. He went to speak but a quick growl from John silenced him.
John and Greg made Mycroft sit down and carefully started trying to remove the icing from his suit, ears, hair, and arms. They refused to make eye contact as they worked simply offering Mycroft words of reassurance as he muttered angrily under his breath about the immaturity of his brother. Eventually he'd had enough of their coddling and he stormed off to take a shower and put on a fresh suit, leaving the two of them to dissolve into a horrible fit giggles until they were almost sobbing with tears.
Mycroft had engineered it so that the cooking fire used to make food for the mortal servants and to heat the house ran underneath of it, making the tub maintain a warm temperature during the evenings. He gently cradled John in his arms as George returned with an elegant sleeping robe and draped it over a chair in the bath room. Mycroft nodded and George returned to Sherlock to guard him as he slept. Mycroft slowly set John in the tub before following him in, holding him close without doing anything else for the moment.
." He growled. Her hair was a mess, it stood up at weird angles and looked like she'd run her hands through it several times without realizing she was dripping with John's blood. His blood stained her blouse, her skirt, and her hands. Another smear was prominent over her cheek where she had carelessly wiped sweat away. She was unstable and Sherlock felt nothing but panic at the fact he could not get between her and John.
" Sherlock almost moaned as he felt how gently John accessed his aura. It was unlike any other mind link he had experienced. A fact he should have expected. John was unlike any other person he had ever encountered. His eyes fluttered closed as he sank into his mind palace, the building he used to house all of his memories and thoughts. "
"I have been afraid, Sherlock. Afraid of giving in to the thoughts that take over my mind. I want to claim you. You have claimed me so intently, I want to repay the favor." He promised, licking down over his nipples and groaning as they hardened. His hand still moving firmly over Sherlock's cock.
"That is to be expected little one, I am glad however the pain has passed." Mycroft's voice was so different to Sherlock's and John's face betrayed him as he registered surprise. He rolled Mycroft's words over and over in his mind until he could easily separate out his tones from Sherlock's.
"For me," She laughed. "I've won." She yelled it loudly and John actually flinched. His eyes were slightly unfazed and Sherlock knew they were wasting precious time. But her mental state worried Sherlock and he knew he needed to keep her attention off of John.
"I am on fire." He whimpered, pressing against Sherlock's touch. "Claim me again..." He pleaded, groaning as Sherlock again ran his hand just a bit above his skin. He thrashed his head, feeling alternatively dizzy and inflamed.
“Think nothing of it.” He replied, trying to stand. Sherlock flowed with him, pulling the Mender tightly against himself. John struggled for a moment before giving in and hugging Sherlock tightly. He looked up, watching as Sherlock pulled only a short distance away and met his eyes.
"I had wondered what was taking you so long." His voice softened. "John, I wasn't serious about not taking clothes."
"Uncle Myc..croft," Hamish said softly, forcing himself to pronounce his words correctly. "I'm sowwy... Sorry we did that." He looked up at Mycroft and Mycroft's mouth thinned into a tiny line.
“I apologize my Lords, it seems the wheel broke. We will have to unload it to fix it but we shall have it done within a few hours.” The driver promised. Mycroft frowned.
"I..." His voice caught. "I wasn't supposed to come apart like this. I had gotten so much better, so much stronger!" He was shouting slightly. "I was so much better than this!"
"Wir müssen nach Hinweisen suchen, natürlich." John's face betrayed a sort of earnestness. "Wer ist euch zu jagen?" John's eye met Jacobs and they were silent for a moment.
“Where?” John and Sherlock both asked at the same time and the four of them laughed for a moment, Hamish looking confused.
“At least neither of you is bloodied.” John said softly, looking up at the three men as they entered the room fully.
"Whatever your dark little heart desires." He purred, storming down to the servants quarters. "Helena," He barked.
"Hamish, you have to drink this love. I know you don't like it." John sighed as the boy put up a fight.
“I know.” John’s gaze did not move from where he looked down at the water. “I cannot rest, however, nor can I stop the worry gnawing at my heart. Gregory, there is something I must tell you and a promise I must ask of you – though it will be a monumental task.” When he finally looked at Gregory, his look was met with confusion and worry.
"Did you hurt her?!" John demanded in a deathly tone. Hamish clung to John, burying his face in his chest.
“We can’t.” John laughed softly, pulling Sherlock off him and kissing him deeply. “We have company.”
“Prove it to me.” He growled, nearly throwing caution to the wind when John lowered his head and bore his neck. It was irresistible and he could not ignore the way his mind fixated on tasting more of the Mender. He lunged forward and sank his teeth into his neck, growling as John’s blood filled his senses. Moments after he should have stopped he felt a wave of weakness roll through his body and found he could not force himself to stop drinking. John chuckled darkly as he pried the weakened man off of himself, though he should from the lost blood.
"Yes after you went to sleep last night. I told him we wanted to accept his offer." John moved slightly, putting his hand on Sherlock's chest. Sherlock tensed but out of pleasure, not out of fear.
"Sherlock, I can't do this right now!" John had felt like he was going to explode, rage and anxiety clawing at his chest as he watched Sherlock drop right back into case mode without regard for the feelings either of them were having.
"That is as I expected.” Moran looked around, thoughtfully. However Mycroft detected something a bit worrying in his gaze. “John is occupied you say? So there is no chance I may speak with him at all?" Moran asked, sighing softly. "I had wished to ask him to research something for me that I believe to be of vital importance."
, I would not expect you to act as you always have." He looked up when Sherlock sat down on his other side, raising an eyebrow. “I have missed you both terribly however I have understood the distance.” He watched as Sherlock looked to John, seemingly asking for permission for something. “I feel I have missed a discussion of an important nature between the two of you.” He smirked, feeling how the air in the room shifted.
“That is kind of them and you to offer, however I do not know how you will provide any additional assistance.” Mycroft said tearing his eyes away. “I have little luck in consoling my fledgling and there is little else to do.” He looked down.
"Then I can do nothing to stop you and it injures me terribly to say so. A fortnight you say?" Mycroft inhaled deeply and sighed.
"No," John snorted. "It's fine. I don't know why I would have..." He was gearing up to explode. Sherlock saw how his features tightened, how his body seemed to quake with the emotion pouring through him. He moved quickly to his side, one hand cradling John's chin. The effect drew John's glance to his own and he felt John's breath hitch in his chest.
"Yes, 'The Woman.'" He sighed again. Sherlock's brow furrowed as he looked in on the scene before him. As he began to realize the extent of the damage he'd done to John. "She was right Sherlock." He sank down, sprawling out in his chair, crossing his hands on his chest. "I'm not gay, you weren't my boyfriend, but I loved you."
"First and foremost my congratulations. You have chosen an apt mate who is as deserving of you as I think any could be. Secondly to swear an oath to you that I shall do all I can to prevent your happiness from being damaged. You and I have had a tenuous friendship at best over these last several years but I wish to see it strengthened. I know why you have maintained your distance and I truly accept fault for it. However I also have become aware that Moriarty intends to obtain your mate for his own. He has his sights narrowed on your husband and I swear to you now I shall do all I can to ensure that his actions do not bring you or him harm. I will do all I can to ensure that your safety is never compromised and your happiness remains." Sherlock was completely confused now, his face betraying him. Sebastian was rather surprised that John had obviously not told them their history but simply smiled as John flushed rather red.
Sherlock watched dispassionately as James fussed about fixing the younger Sebastian’s shirt and cuffs, his eyes dulled from a week of abusing words and violent fights with James. James barely acknowledged Sherlock as Sebastian rejoined them, heading for the door without so much as a glance back as his husband. As soon as their carriage was out of sight Sherlock headed for John’s room, growling when he found nothing in the room to suggest John had even been there recently.
"There is no need to fight it." Mycroft assured him. "I have been distant with you in order to try to persuade you to remove your feelings from me. You have proven to me that I cannot do so. Therefore it would be simpler for me to concede that I love you than to continue this torturous charade."
“Sherlock!” Sebastian growled, as Sherlock walked passed the main room on his way to his chambers. “Come, have wine with us.” His smirk grew darker as a shudder ran through John. John was on his knees in front of Sebastian; his eyes almost rolled back in his head as Sebastian slowly drug a silver tipped knife over his skin. “Come now mender, you can do better than this.” He rumbled as he lazily shoved his hips up and his member down John’s throat. John grunted in pain.
“Actually it is, see if you intend to harm him I’ll have to cancel our arrangement. I cannot have you hurting him; it will damage my brother’s heart too significantly. He’ll come looking for you.” Mycroft’s tone was terse.
habit of cuddling into me when you realize I've come to bed. It usually happens at the precise moment I feel I am about to figure something out." He grinned, teasing him. "It's also very difficult to maintain my focus and equally as difficult to stay awake when you're burrowing against me all warm and cuddly." Sherlock sat forward his long fingers gracefully sweeping over John's skin as he checked over his shoulder. John blushed slightly. "Come on, we need to shower and get dressed. I will help you wash up." Sherlock stood, smirking at John's adorable groan as he extracted himself from their embrace and started pulling out clothing for them both.
“I can’t talk about it right now Sherlock… I can’t.” John looked upset and Sherlock let his fingers intertwine with John’s. "It's too much." There were tears in John's eyes.
"Do not thank me yet, I am not clear how honorable my intentions are." They stopped a short way outside the house, hidden in the tree line. Sherlock knew his kin were close and he had no fear of retaliation from Moriarty, lest he expose his mortal cover. John did not shiver with fear, instead he seemed eager to have this moment alone with Sherlock and Sherlock found this all the more intriguing.
Mycroft tensed his rage sweeping through him and a dark voice whispering in his ear to end this woman for daring to touch his fledgling. He held himself, knowing the violence of the act would harm John's recovery from the ordeal. Mycroft made them recite every single thing they had done to John, pacing back and forth as he did. Moran remained tense beside him, his eyes flashing with menace as each new evil was revealed. However when they explained Moriarty's part in the game all three of the men were only stilled in their murderous rage when John let out a soft, sobbing whimper. Mycroft continued his interrogation for a long while until he was satisfied . He then turned to Moran.
"I love you and that is what people who love each other do." John whispered dismissively, putting his hand on Sherlock's face.
Inside the manor Sebastian Moran the elder was grinning predatorily at the sandy haired, beaten and broken vampire currently bent over the main dining room table. Other members of Sebastian’s coven were trying their best to ignore the suffering of the mender, their hearts aching for someone so dear to so many of them, but knowing they could not defy their leader. John could barely grip the table, the silver cuffs around his wrists and his neck forcing what little strength he had left to be restrained. He’d lost track of the days, weeks, and months that he’d been weathering whatever sick torture Sebastian dreamed up. His body used and broken in so many ways that he’d begun to give up, to lose hope that he would ever be happy again. He screamed as Sebastian rammed his erection inside his body with no preparation, forcing himself into silence as Sebastian whispered to him about how he would always belong to the older vampire and how he was his pet to be used. Sebastian used him, quickly and without concern for his feeling, until he found his own completion. He then stepped back, adjusting his clothing as if nothing happened and watched as the mender collapsed to the floor – blood and seed dripping from his abused body. Sebastian laughed darkly, kicking John hard in the ribs and laughing more when he cried out in pain, before looking up as a knock sounded on the door.
Sherlock kept playing as John cleared away breakfast and continued tidying up. John felt ashamed of the state of the flat, knowing that he had put no effort into things because he felt he'd had no reason. He also felt fear that somehow this was going to prove to still be a dream or some figment of his own imagination. It seemed having Sherlock there gave him a burst of energy that he had not had in ages, so he capitalized on it to continue his work. After John finished the kitchen and began straightening the living room, Sherlock abandoned the violin instead moving about so he was close to John. At first the action seemed to tell John that Sherlock was desperate to be near him, but it became clear to him quickly that Sherlock was supervising him. He began to grow agitated, feeling hemmed in. When he crossed the living room and Sherlock moved to sit in his chair, he finally spoke up.
"I was going to let you live. I was going to let you live so you could watch him die. So you could feel how it is to lose the one you love, but now… Now I'm just going to kill you." She giggled again, watching his blood run on his arm.
“I think he's just enjoying the ego boost.” John said dismissively. “We ought to get dressed; Mrs. Hudson and Molly should be here shortly.”
“I have not, as of yet, had the pleasure of actually making your acquaintance, Lord Holmes.” The man said in a voice that was rich and comforting to Mycroft’s injured heart and nerves. “I do however know of you and your clan. I am Vice Captain Gregory Lestrade, I am a member of Their Royal Highnesses’ Elite Military. I am specifically Vice Captain of the third unit of Lady Kyara’s forces.”  He said with a small incline of his head by way of greeting. Mycroft’s mind finally woke from its stalled state and he nodded.
Jacob, Mycroft, Greg, and Sherlock sat silently in the back of the car as it made its' way to the manor Uthur had mentioned. Sherlock looked deadly and it made Greg very uncomfortable, but he seemed to be the only one who noticed. Jacob looked ready to go to war and Mycroft had been texting and making quiet phone calls for the last hour of the trip. None of them had spoken and yet all of them seemed to be on the same page as far as what was happening. Sherlock was bouncing his knee and twisting his wedding ring around and around on his finger, while Jacob simply remained calm and still. They arrived at the location and Mycroft was the first to sweep out of the car.
"Yes, but not just a normal pirate." John said softly, adding emphasis to the moment. "He offered his hand and pulled lonely John up to standing and he said 'don't look so sad, you were doing brilliant commanding your troops before issuing that last command.' He'd seemed to decide something and he nodded curtly before continuing on, 'I am Pirate Prince Erik the One-Eyed,' he announced grandly," John was cut off as Mycroft literally snorted with laughter and almost spat tea on Greg. Greg and John dissolved into a fit of giggles and Sherlock opened his eyes, tensed his jaw, and blushed just slightly. It took a good ten minutes for Greg and John to finally stop laughing, because it was just so strange to hear Mycroft laugh like that.
“You are welcome to disturb me at your leisure, though I did not think you would desire to do so.” Mycroft frowned, feeling himself soften despite his intentions. It seemed the Mender would always have a pull on his emotion, despite his better judgment.
“John,” His sister said softly, clasping his hand. “Congratulations, I am happy for you. He is the only one worthy of you.” She whispered hurriedly before racing after the others. John sank down into a chair and sighed, his face in his hands. Sherlock could feel the sea of emotion passing easily over their bond and it worried him. He moved over and put his hand on his lovers' shoulders.
“Easy my love, he cannot harm you now.” James whispered, guiding Sherlock away. He nodded and another bolt tore through John’s stomach, falling on the ground behind him. He sank to his knees, trembling.
Meaghan was torn, she could wait and potentially lose what little advantage they might have but keep Sherlock with John; or she could leave and potentially see Sherlock returned to James. The mender groaned, deeply in a limbo between life and death with the herb still burning in his blood and she knew she had to take him. She mounted, throwing the extra cloak about herself and tore off from the manor. It was midday, but she ensured John was well covered so no sunlight touched him as she pushed her horse harder than ever before.
Each mans' body grew rigid and prepared for danger as they approached the derelict stable. Mycroft's anger skyrocketed as they heard voices followed closely by an anguished cry that could only have come from the mouth of the missing mender. Mycroft held up a hand to still the other three men as a snippet of conversation floated out to them.
"I'm alright Hamish, don't you worry about it, love." John blushed but he hugged Hamish, sandwiching the boy between the two of them. Greg was chuckling softly.
"Be careful, 'Mish, it's hot." Sherlock chided softly.  John was half asleep but listened as Hamish and Sherlock spoke softly.
“I agreed in my letter to remove the shield and grant you access to the memories in my blood on the condition you leave my Coven alone. Moran revealed far more to me than he ever intended during my captivity and I shall grant that knowledge to you.” Moriarty threw John back, smirking when the Mender hissed and grabbed his neck.
The next evening, they heard Gregory’s familiar footfall on the stairs as he barreled up them. The pair were up, pulling their coats on, before he even appeared in the room. He looked worn, his face tired and it was clear he had not fed in several days. John frowned, moving to open a bottle of bloodwine to share with his friend when Gregory waved him off.
"Yes it is. James Pendergrass was my uncle on my mother's side. I didn't know Sherlock was Erik because I blocked the whole summer from my mind, especially after Afghanistan. So I didn't remember his face and since he lied about his name..." John shrugged.
"That the spider web is well within the cat's claws and another reminder to keep you close." He tensed as he paced a bit faster for a moment.
"This still isn't right." He mumbled softly and got up, tearing up the stairs before anyone could say anything to him. Sherlock was actually drawn from the files long enough to watch his husband, a contented hum escaping him as he returned to work. John rummaged through their suitcase until he found an old brown leather journal, almost sighing with pleasure at seeing it again. He brought it downstairs and sat back down opening it to compare it to the witness accounts from James Pendergrass' file.
"We took several long walks and explored the area, actually." Sherlock said it firmly, only the hint of a smirk on his face. Greg blushed.
John was weaker than he had been in ages. He spent most of his first week in his bed, barely able to stand. Mycroft was not far from him, often perched on the sofa in the room watching for signs of discomfort. The second week John started moving around his room, touching the paintings, carvings, and even the woodwork that adorned the walls to ensure that this was still real. Mycroft was pulled away from the menders side for a while, tending to matters of the coven, so Meaghan stayed with him. They spent a week together before she felt prepared to approach Greg’s old coven and left the manor. With the careful tending of his coven members John gained more and more strength but worry filled him. Meaghan had told him Sherlock had not been long behind, however he had yet to reach the manor. John was sitting idly at the top of the stairs watching Anthea and Mycroft at the table below, idly listening to them discuss the finances of the coven. He shivered as he felt the energy of the house shift and stood just as the front doors burst open and Sherlock appeared with a wild look on his face.
"You've repaired an old wound, you two. And not just for me. The Order can now begin to rebuild its' image and protect the rights of its' members in new ways. I cannot express to you how vindicating it is to know that James' true murderer has been brought to justice. I think if he would be most pleased to know that it was the two of you that ended this mess. To know that his favorite nephew and the man that stole his heart before he even knew what it meant overcame so much to bring the past to a close. I can never repay you for what you've given me. You've avenged my heart, my children, and the children of my heart. If you ever need anything, anything at all please write to me John. James would be so proud of the men you've become." He sighed and Jacob smiled. "I am returning home to mourn my children and my lover. Perhaps you can come visit sometime." Uthur smiled and he stood, bowing curtly before walking out.
"Oh but there's more." John smirked as he slowly dropped each finger and when his final finger dropped -
"Because I am the one who has to see the dark look that sweeps over his face when he sees you walk past without so much as turning your head to him. I am the one who has seen how he has faltered in his confidence because just as he was gaining surety that he held both our hearts he has been seemingly told by you that you hold no concern for him. I am the one who must watch as he carefully tries to hide his hurting heart for fear of my jealousy and anger. I cannot control how I feel, I cannot stop my jealousy however I have tried to put it aside for him. Because I love him and it kills him to see how far away you are." Sherlock softened and stepped back, his brow furrowed.
? How he suffered?" Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson attempted to remain still, both of them suddenly very aware of how explosive this situation was becoming.
"Your son is fine, stop screaming!" Marcus yelled at John, punching him in the face yet again. John had a hook buried in his skin on each arm, both legs, and one on his chest. There was one at his throat over the artery and dangerously close to puncturing his skin. Marcus moved to hit him again but stopped as footsteps echoed and he turned.
“No one has seen him for several days, my lord. The noises from your room have concerned us.” James sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. No doubt Sherlock had been experimenting again. Why did he feel the need to keep such a pet? It was more work than pleasure. “Sherlock?!” James demanded as he opened the door, his anger bleeding off of him as he entered the room prepared for battle. He froze in the doorway however when he took in the sight that greeted him. Sherlock was wrapped only in his flimsy robe, a glass of bloodwine in his hand, and for all the world looking as desirable as James had seen him in decades.
"Yes, I did." Definitely jealousy. Sherlock bit his bottom lip before standing. The tension between the two of them was only growing stronger and if Sherlock didn't distract himself he couldn't promise he wouldn't cross any boundaries.
"Will it feel so strongly with others?" John asked softly as he opened his eyes to meet Sherlock's, his fingers slowly reaching up to touch Sherlock's cheek.
"Well you start off pretty poorly, right?" John was clearly embarrassed and rubbed the back of his neck. The move was so adorable Sherlock almost swept him into his arms. "I was pretty bad, but I wouldn't give up. I couldn't give up." Determination crossed his face and Sherlock had to fight not to blush himself. "It got to the point where she bought me a series of lessons just to get me to play somewhere that wasn't the flat. So I..." John suddenly turned very red and looked down muttering.
They entered the drawing room and Sherlock swept deeper into the room to look it over. John however stopped and looked over the baby blue colored rectangle box sitting on the table directly in the room. It was covered with filigree patterns and the lid was barely held on. There was a letter on the top of the box. John opened it and read it softly.
“I am sorry to disturb you, but I had something I have wanted to gift you and only now have the moment to do so.” John’s face lit with a smile, forcing the shadow from his eyes and confusing his Sire.
"It is nothing like that!" He growled, looking hurt. "It is better this way. You and he can enjoy your..."
" Sherlock smirked as John mewled and moaned, pressing into his fingers eagerly. He'd denied his lover this for days now, wanting every sensation to be extraordinary as they crossed this boundary.
Sherlock's addiction to danger comes up against Mycroft's desire to protect John. Mycroft finds himself feeling more for his fledgling than he expected to and Sherlock's jealousy rears it's head.
" John whimpered, desperately trying to bring Sherlock's mouth to his own. Sherlock only relented when John was reduced to whimpers, claiming his mouth as he pushed a third finger into his lover to spread him wider. John clawed into his back and arched, losing himself in Sherlock's mouth as Sherlock reached down and stroked his awakening erection gently.
"Georgie bat uns zu bleiben. Sie bat uns die Morde zu lösen." John's voice revealed the information with purpose, even though Sherlock didn't understand what all he was saying.
John nodded firmly, turning from the room. It took his strength to walk passed the door to his and Sherlock’s rooms, knowing that what he was setting out to do might make it so he would never see his beloved again. Clenching his fists he forced himself on, setting himself to his purpose and hoping his planning at not been for naught. The night grew old and daylight would come soon, as he climbed the stairs to the roof he felt the tingle in his blood as the herb he ingested began to work. Opening the door to the roof he tensed, seeing the figure standing near the edge of the rooftop looking down at the stalls and carts below.
"No," He said softly, setting his tea back down. "But I had expected you to tell when you read it." He watched Sherlock jolt slightly as he was pulled back into the room, that guilty look creeping back on his face. "Why are you still so secretive about things with her? I know how you felt. I saw it all, every moment." John sighed, closing his eyes and trying to force his emotion out of his voice. "Listening to that awful text noise at all hours of the day and night, laying awake while you brooded and composed, trying to make her talk to you... Trying to help you."
"As he wishes." Sherlock said in a grumbled voice, pulled John up and kissing him. "Come now my beloved, let me show you what it means to belong to a Holmes."
"Anthea have you been following me?" John asked her quietly as he tightly wrapped the cloak around himself.
good use of that." Sherlock leaned over and kissed him hard, their tongues fighting for dominance. Sherlock growled lowly as he tasted his brother's blood in his lovers mouth.
"Sherlock, I..." He whispered, his voice cracking with his emotion. Sherlock realized he was going to apologize. He was going to ask for forgiveness for feeling, something Sherlock needed more from him than he could understand.
“My family of course." He said quickly but both brother's fixed him with a piercing and knowing stare. "Alright, I just recalled when I first met Jim Moriarty. He is far more dangerous than you know.” John whispered, one hand wrapped around his shield. “He’s a Solvanar.” He looked up at them.
"I locked it away in my mind palace, it was a horrid ordeal for a child to go through." Sherlock stood and started pacing, a clear sign several emotions were boiling through him as he tried to focus on the data. "Mycroft had warned me against building relationships and that summer just provided me the proof I needed that caring was a..."
John tried to get up, struggling as he heard Sherlock’s voice. Was he dreaming? Was this another nightmare? Every time he tried to push up, Sebastian pushed him back down. Eventually Sebastian had, had enough – he yanked the mender up and pierced his shoulder, drinking him until the man was on the verge of death. He threw John so his body slammed hard into the wall and he cried out again in pain.
Sebastian accompanied them back to Holmes manor, sinking down at a chair in the drawing room as the other men settled and watched him. He took the blood wine he was offered and the four men sat in silence for a long moment until he finally spoke.
“Sherlock is mine. You stole him from me.” James said firmly, planting the memory in Sherlock’s mind. “You have kept him as your hostage for too long John. I have come to take him home!” He shouted, grabbing Sherlock tightly. Sherlock leaned on him as he helped him up again, groaning softly in pain. “Oh my love, he stabbed you too.” James made a pained face, his voice soft and full of emotion. “I shall take you home, we shall get you better.” He promised and Sherlock felt his mind fading in and out.
"You saved me." John smirked. "I mean you broke me again, but you've saved me over and over from my darkness, Sherlock. I know this is a journey that is uncharted, unclear, and likely terrifying for you. More than anyone else I know how hard this is for you. For me the hardest part is accepting that I love a
"Same as it was when we left. There's been one or two interesting cases but I'm not allowed to see them until I'm finished with this mess." He shrugged. He looked over and noticed that Hamish had drifted off to sleep and that Sherlock's eyes were closed, his body relaxed. Sherlock must have been going stir crazy the last few days. He smiled softly at John who shook his head slightly.
"Oh I was merely testing his desire to learn. I am most pleased and will dispatch someone to his parents on the morrow to inform them he will come under our wing. We shall move him here and teach him the ways of the world." Mycroft smirked as John flushed.
"You're really not well. How long have you been sick and not telling me, John?" Sherlock whispered as John clumsily wrapped his arms around him.
The majority of the story is written out in my head, it is getting it onto the paper and making sure it doesn't sound awful that has been plaguing me.
“Your blood always did taste sweeter than any other.” He purred, slowly licking the blood from his fingernail. His eyes darkening as thirst swept through him. “I will destroy you.” He promised. There was a growing need to have more of the Mender’s blood and it made his mind go foggy.
“The bleeding came before dawn. She was resting peacefully for the first night in several days and I was woken from my slumber here in her chambers by the sounds of screams. The baby was coming and there was nothing we could do to help her through it. Then the bleeding came and would not stop. We have tried every means we know to stop it however it refuses to be controlled.” Her voice was soft as she watched Elizabeth open her eyes.
Sometime later John sighed as he looked at the sleeping form of his beloved. Midnight had come and gone, and now Sherlock slept under the soft spell of a sedative John had put in his blood wine during their lovemaking. Tears threatened to fall as he gently ran two fingers over Sherlock’s brow and cheek. Biting his bottom lip to keep from making a sound.
"Yea, not without this arm working properly," John grinned and the two of them laughed softly for a moment.
Sherlock fought the smirk that toyed at the edges of his mouth as he realized what John had done. He pulled his pistol out and aimed it squarely at the woman on the ground, moving over and kicking her pistol further away.
Mycroft woke first, grunting when he realized that John was no longer in bed with the brothers. Sherlock slowly dragged his lashes up to look up at his brother, wondering briefly at the fact they were curled together like lovers. Anthea gave a soft knock and entered as soon as Mycroft expressed his permission.
“I have always told you that wherever you go I go. I also told you I would always stand beside you, no matter what, and I do.”
"John, I meant every word I ever spoke to you. I... It is like dying. I do not like this. This has been the worst experience of my life and the only person whom I could seek comfort from denied me." He forced the words out, trying to stop himself from clamping down on the normally restrained sentiment.
John was glad he had the cab drop him off a bit away from the grocer, walking around a bit before making his way towards the store felt nice. It felt great to be out of the house without so much supervision; though he was sure Mycroft still had someone tailing him. He paused as he suddenly felt a prickling on the back of his neck, the feeling he got when he was being followed. He looked across the street, surveying everyone and instantly spotted a face he'd never expected to see again. He met her eyes and must have had a stupid look on his face as she shook her head just once. He blinked as if trying to prove it was his imagination and she was gone, only the normal gaggle of people passing by. He furrowed his brow in confusion, shaking himself from his momentary thoughts and turning to proceed to his destination. He bumped into someone, issuing a brief apology before suddenly keeling over face first into the pavement. His head smacking into it and cutting his forehead open. Whatever had hit him in the back of the head made him see stars and he lie there for a long moment trying to recover. Someone pulled him up, pinning his arms behind him and started pulling him down the alley. He struggled but his head ached and was foggy. Two men pushed him back and forth, kicking and punching him as they did until he sank down to his knees.
"Sherlock are you alright?" Lestrade shouted as he ran towards him, putting his gun away. Sherlock nodded slightly not speaking but moving as swiftly as he could over and clumsily freeing John.
John smiled bitter-sweetly before moving down the stairs and into the main room. He picked up his travel medical case and tucked it inside his forensics bag. Sherlock was riled up, impatient, and he clicked his tongue at John as soon as John stopped to open the kit to check it over.
"There are rules for tonight John, beginning now. Rule number one - no discussing the current cases or anything involving this tangled web once we step outside the house. There are eyes and ears all around us, at least here we know whose they are." A small smirk but all seriousness. "Two we don't do anything that you are uncomfortable with." His voice betrayed just how serious he was, wanting to be sure that John understood he could say no. John however picked up something more in the way he'd said it. Picking up a revelation about Sherlock's past that he had not meant to divulge in that moment.
“John, you have not spoken much about what transpired…” Mycroft said very gently, he and Gregory had been trying to get John to speak about his experiences for several days.
"Come on sleepy head, let's get you settled." John grinned and stood up slowly, aided by Sherlock as he did and nodded that he was taking Hamish to bed. "I'll be right back." He mouthed. Sherlock sighed and leaned back as John left the room.
." John groaned at the pure desire in the detective's voice as he too strode the distance to the bedroom. He instantly found himself slammed back against the door and Sherlock's eyes burned into his with possessiveness, need, lust, desire, and love. He was panting as he looked John over, searching his face for signs of hesitation or fear. "I want you." He growled again, kissing and nipping at his neck. "I want to claim you."
“I would ask that neither of you leaves the hotel for the time being,” Mycroft said quietly, his attention on the Mender most of all. “There are certain protections afforded us here.”
"I love you Daddy." Hamish whispered softly and Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, briefly meeting John's eyes before he stood.
didn't take my eyes off him." Mycroft sneered. Lestrade froze in the doorway having come back to say something to Sherlock. The anger passing between the brothers was like static in the air.
"You cried so hard you passed out, Greg and I had to carry you up here." John realized Sherlock was taking his pulse and looked even more confused. "You're catching a cold. You've had a fever since this morning but you didn't seem to be showing any signs of illness until after I brought you upstairs. In fact I think you and Hamish both may have it. Greg says Mycroft should be back next weekend so I'm going to stay here and care for the two of you until then, then I'll figure out how to proceed with the case alone if you're still feeling ill."
"It is an herb... It is used in folk magic for desire." He forced out, clenching his fist. "The effects of the herb are tripled in vampires." He barely breathed, he could not stop himself as he forced his mouth to Mycroft's, digging his nails into his shoulder. Mycroft could not stop as he responded, the months of the absence of John's touch forcing him to betray his truth. "My apologies..." John whispered, forcing himself to pull back. "Sherlock should not have forced this on you..."
There was only one way to know if this was true. He needed the blood memories. He frowned, letting his senses expand to survey the energy of the house. He could tell from the smells that it was around mid-day, likely almost noon exactly. Everyone or almost everyone was asleep. He cautiously opened the door and seeing no one in the hall he stalked down and into the room the mender lay in.      John looked absolutely pitiful. He was still curled in a tiny ball and looked as if he welcomed death. He had refused the blankets, curling himself as tightly as possible and shivering against the cold of the manor. Something in Sherlock was melting and part of him wanted to curse the vampire before him as he felt it. He stepped forward, cautiously ensuring he made no noise. He was able to gently force John out of his ball and wrapped him warmly in the blankets. John mumbled, but Sherlock pushed his aura against the others, a soft smile forming as John sank into a more peaceful sleep. He lovingly turned John’s head and sank his teeth into his neck, groaning as arousal bloomed in his blood. A desire like none he could remember swept through him and it took all he had to turn from the mender and flee the room.
Keep your eyes posted for a few new works from me in the coming weeks. I am currently working on a Vamp!Lock story and a story called Experiments.
“I know you are my love,” James chided gently, taking Sherlock’s hand and walking him over to a sofa by the door. He pulled Sherlock down, kissing him gently. “However my love, I am afraid I must leave for business – thus I do not feel I deserve your touch.”
"Are you sure you can stomach this?" John's voice was soft as he spoke, trying to give him the space to do what he needed.
"What's going on then?" John cut straight to the point. Mycroft had to concede that he was at least good at sticking to the facts. "Don't try to say this was just a friendly visit. You were just here and we all know you only come to visit so quickly when something has happened. Especially when you come personally," There was curtness to John's words but much less than there had been on any other occasion. Mycroft was somewhat moved by the extra effort at congeniality that John was putting forth and in that one moment he understood that Sherlock and John had a bond that he didn't exactly like but that Sherlock desperately needed.
"He told me who he was. He said he was taking his son and grandson to 'set things right' and that he was going to make sure they were protected from their evil sins." Greg grunted and coughed slightly. "I'm sorry..."
"I cannot keep my hands off of you, John..." He whispered against his mouth. "Not one bodily urge has swayed my mind in all of my life until you and now it is as if the gates will never close." He ground their hips together, their mouths desperate to seek purchase on the others' and their moans clashing softly.
“You certainly are preoccupied with danger. It is a pity James does not care for his pets so well as I do.” He threw the knife, watching as it slid across Sherlock’s shoulder before clattering to the ground. Sherlock barely grunted in pain as the cut began to bleed, but he felt fire in his body again. Some of John’s blood had still be on the blade. He shivered violently before turning and rushing from the room to the sound of Sebastian’s laughter and John’s grunts of pain.
“Ah well I do rather appreciate you taking the time to come visit us here then.” Mycroft offered simply, his tone betraying his anger at the way John’s family was simply dismissing him. His mother took Moriarty's offered arm and swept from the room without so much as a word to her son.
"Claim him brother." Mycroft moved so Sherlock could take his place over the mender, watching as Sherlock leaned down and kissed him.
," Sherlock whispered his mouth again only inches from John's. "Just this morning you were threatening the whole of the British government and yet now you're putty in my hands." He growled in a deeply desirous and possessive way as he crushed John to him, their passion threatening to overwhelm them both.
“What nicety is this?” Sebastian growled as John so easily conceded to his whims. He smirked as he tore away the scraps of clothing John was allowed to wear. “If you think I shall go gently simply because you behaved, you are wrong.”
“I will not. There is nothing we can do and I will not force myself to suffer more than I already have.” He shouted, spinning to face the two men. He paled some when he saw that Gregory had his hand protectively on Mycroft’s back and turned back to his experiment, his body shivering slightly.
The group finished dinner and idly walked the distance to the guest house with ease. They chattered away, mostly about the grounds as they went. Greg asking questions and John and Mycroft answering them easily. When they arrived a fire was already built in the heart and one of the butlers had set out a tea service in the living room. Greg and John sat on the floor, Greg was in front of the couch and Mycroft sat half reclined, half sitting up behind him. Sherlock sat down in an arm chair where he could watch John as he spoke. Hamish snuggled into John's lap and John carded his hand through his hair, pushing it back out of his eyes. Greg new a lesser man would have flinched and looked away from Sherlock if he had borne that level of attention down on them, but John was used to it by now and seemed almost comfortable in the weight of it, even though Sherlock looked like he wanted to crawl inside John and learn something from the inside out. He was intrigued by the dynamic between them in this moment, Sherlock seemed so much younger like a little boy being instructed. It was almost adorable. He was curious as to the reason for it though but a quick look from Sherlock was clear -
"This is how it's going to be John. If you're going to be mine I'm going to mark you. Every single time," His voice was firm against John's ear, his hands stroking John over his pants. "Everyone will know, no more hiding it." His voice was a little sing-song like as he bit down gently over John's ear.
“You’re not so little anymore are you, dear?” Mrs. Hudson said softly. She fixed a cup of tea and took it to John who muttered a thank you. “You two always rushing about. I suppose I should expect it by now. I had thought Hamish would settle you two down some.”
"Don't say that name right now, please." John almost begged. He grunted as a flashback rolled over him, Sherlock bracing him and gently guiding him down on the bed.
"I had Lestrade bring some of your things downstairs and put them into my room. I thought," There was just a moment of uncertainty in his features before he took a breath and regained his composure. "I thought it would be best if you didn't try to go up and down the stairs too much just yet. Since my room is closer to the kitchen and the bathroom as well..."
"It's not a disease you imbecile!" Sherlock shouted. "Men and women love whomever they love. It's not something that's poison or evil or bad. If someone chooses to love men and women, or men, or women, or no one it is their choice! Your son is worthy of a far better father than you and he had it! In James Pendergrass!" Sherlock kicked Marcus hard in the stomach forcing him to his knees. Mycroft was frozen, not entirely sure how to intervene.
"I apologize for the delay, I was looking over your horses. Beautiful creatures." Moriarty grinned, his voice betraying a bit of his nature as he bounded into the room. “Lord Holmes, it is a pleasure.” He said with forced sentiment, glaring at Mycroft. His attention then easily shifting to where John and Sherlock stood close enough together to provide a clue as to their relationship. "And my," He said with a smirk in his voice and a dark look in his eyes, "What a pretty picture you two are." He smirked again purring the words like a child at Christmas.
"You do that." Sherlock added, moving to pick up his violin and then stopping. John was watching him as if he would vanish. It unnerved him. As soon as the bottom door slammed he let his attention focus on John. "What?" He asked softly, betraying his confusion.
“The leaves are going to change soon.” John said quietly, looking up from his book where he sat in the gazebo. Sherlock was a few feet away staring intently at the bark of one of the trees. “This winter is going to be a harsh one.”
"Mycroft!" John said suddenly, very concerned. His voice shook and he stumbled towards them, trying to put himself between their feud. Both brothers moved in sync with the other to face the trembling mender. Pain crossing their faces as they watched him shake and stumble with exhaustion.
"No, please continue. Since the both of you seem to have some sort of grasp on how I feel. I'll just lie here and listen to my entire life spelled out by the god Damned Holmes brothers!" His blood pressure rose and he grunted.
John felt a blush rise on his cheeks, realizing that Sherlock was clearly being rude as he felt slighted that his alone time with John had been interrupted. He cleared his throat, leaving behind the barely eaten biscuits. He took the file and flicked through the information. He looked over the images of the two women and the crime scenes they were found in, though it caused his stomach to flip. As he was just about to closely inspect one of the images, the file was snapped out of his hand and thrust back into Lestrade's. John was taken aback by the anger on Sherlock's face.
"You are! You met me in an alley before the city was awake, caught me stumbling in weakness and proceeded to wrap your entire mind and passion around me! You learned everything you could about me in order to learn what I was, to learn how I lived... You have been loyal to me without me even having spoken with you. You are the most interesting person I have ever met." He crushed his mouth to John's again, cutting off his next reply.
"It is true. You have already known that I love you just as my brother does. Nothing of that has changed. You are our mate. His husband, my fledgling, our lover." Mycroft promised.
“It will not do for someone with as much power and authority as you, Lord Holmes, to remain hidden in the shadows.” His voice drifted softly over Mycroft, causing the shiver to deepen. He regarded the newcomer with a look of interest; surely he had not met the man previously. He would have remembered someone so striking. The man wore an elegant dark suit from another age, his silver hair flashing in the low light of the room even as his eyes glowed vibrantly with pleasure, “It is an honor.” He bowed. Mycroft stood stock still for a long moment, trying to will the heat and eagerness in his body to a more tepid temperature as the man’s gaze met his own. He could feel a pulsing sensation in his chest, as if a string was being wound so tightly between himself and the other man. He finally forced himself to steady and held himself up as firmly as he could.
Sherlock kept their slow feverish pace and they went on for hours, the sounds of their moans echoing off the walls of the room as they tumbled over the edge of release again and again. Sherlock kept John awake and on the edge of reason until they both saw stars, collapsing in a sticky, sweaty heap and disappearing from the world for a long time. When their brains finally restarted it was all they could do to arrange themselves in some comfortable fashion and utterly collapsed. They sank to sleep almost immediately knowing they would absolutely have to bathe when they woke. Sherlock's arms protectively around his lovers body, clutching him tightly. John's face pressed to Sherlock's chest so their bodies wound together like the thread of their bond. The slept soundly, not waking until Anthea came to rouse them around lunchtime the next day.
“Yea!” Hamish giggled and as soon as Mycroft sat down the little boy wormed his way into his lap and snuggled against his uncle. "I like adventures."
"What actually happened? How come you two lost touch?" Greg asked with rapt attention. "I mean it sounds like you two were very close..."
"What happened?" Sherlock demanded his features sharp and focused. He asked it loudly, over the top of Sally speaking.
“Easy love. You are safe now. I have failed you terribly and I am sorry. I shall not do so again.” He whispered to the broken mender, leaning down and pressing his forehead to the others.
“Forgive me, my love, there is no other way. I must face him alone for this to work. I must do this so that you will be safe.” He whispered, his grief threatening to overwhelm him. He reached up and unhooked the Oaken Shield, before moving to clasp it around the Detective’s neck. He lingered another moment or so, before pressing soft kisses to Sherlock’s brow and forcing himself to step from the room.
"I'll tell you when he gets here, Mycroft. I would hate to repeat myself." Sherlock snapped, unhappy to be disturbed from his moment with John. He looked down and gently pushed John's hair back off his forehead, carding his fingers through those sandy locks. He saw John's gaze was focused on his left hand and he smiled reaching across to the table and fishing in the tatters of his jacket. He pulled out a small chain with a ring on it. "Don't worry John, I have your ring right here." He undid the chain and slid the ring on John's finger, watching as John sighed with relief.
Lestrade walked up to the bench Sherlock was sitting on and offered him a coffee from the hospital cafe. Sherlock took it without looking at his friend, his eyes fixed on John through the wide windows before him as John went through some stretches with the new Physical Therapist.
"It's just not like you to play pranks on Mycroft and make believe with our son. It's a bit disconcerting really." John giggled.
"He is my fledgling, little mender, leave him to me." He ordered gently. "He was just as saved by your hand as the others, he owes you a debt he does not realize. I will do all I can to protect you." He smiled as John seemed to relax just a bit. "Lord Holmes," Sebastian said a bit more firmly as he looked up and their eyes met. Both of them tensing and glaring at the other. "You have acquired an exceedingly rare treasure in this little mender. I trust you shall never forget that or else I shall endeavor to see him removed from your side and placed beside someone more worthy." His voice was soft but held the growl of promise.
Sherlock and John bathed and pulled on their dressing gowns before Sherlock took John to his... No their room. He dug around in his closet until he found something that John could wear and helped him dress. John paused watching Sherlock look at him, Sherlock motioned to the mirror and John smirked as he looked over his reflection.
He'd been so tense he'd just followed Sherlock like a puppy would, letting him guide him to sit on the bed and allowing him to remove his shirt and trousers. Sherlock had been deeply concerned about the state of John's mind and he didn't really come back into the room until Sherlock had set down a glass of water and the bottle of anxiety pills that John never took. He sat down on the bed next to him and laced their fingers together, giving John something physical to focus on. Their eyes met and John slowly seemed to come back into himself.
"We can discuss that in the morning." Sherlock smirked and he pulled John up and to him. "Or the very late afternoon because I am going to own you so thoroughly I don't think you'll wake before noon." Sherlock's voice was pure heat against John's ear as he pulled him into the bedroom.
“You sentimental idiot.” Sherlock whispered, leaning in and kissing him hard. His hands finding their way into John’s hair, “You’re absolutely incredible and incorrigible.” He laughed. “I have never met another person like you and I never will. I love you.” He smirked.
"There are many reasons, cousin." She said stiffly, stepping back slightly. "The most important was that I wished to look in on you and see how you were. James informed me that you were quite extensively harmed by the actions of those he counted as friends and had no news to report to me on your recovery. As I understand it several inquires he made regarding your wellbeing have gone unanswered. I also came to inquire as to why you have not sent any request to know the state of my beloved's health or my own, as you are not the only one to have suffered at the hands of the younger Lord Moran and his ghastly accomplice. My James has been utterly beside himself since the incident and you my cousin have shared no kind word with him, though it was you who tried to seduce him." John's brow furrowed, Sherlock and Mycroft both tensed angrily, and Elizabeth looked waspish.
"Christ..." Sherlock grunted and he straddled John's chest, roughly holding his chin in his hand and trailing the end of the riding crop over his cheek. "You are a man of spirit, John Watson-Holmes..." His voice was thick and heady. "I think you'd better close your mouth before you get in over your head."
"So tight..." Sherlock clawed into his shoulders, waiting for a long moment before he slowly began to pump his hips in and out of John. John moaned loudly, his neck exposed and his whimpers desperate.
John was panting with effort, struggling as his mind fought against the ever building amount of herb in his blood. Thankfully Meaghan had seen fit to tie him down; otherwise he could not be sure what he would do. The physical effects were strong, making him dangerous even to Meaghan as she tried to tend to him. However, worse were the memories his mind provided him. Memories of all those times when Mycroft and Sherlock had helped him through the blood passion that came from the herbs. For almost two months John remained on the knife’s edge of desperation for death and an arousal so strong that his entire hallway was cordoned off from the coven. Meaghan worried that her father would not return in time and John might perish from the strain off it all, but just as her hope waned news of her father’s arrival came. When they arrived she was waiting at the door for them, something that Sebastian felt was not only suspicious but worrying. He took a moment to survey her and noted she looked worried and he frowned, knowing something was wrong with the mender.
“It is not. What I have learned from your memories, from my own memories, and from the bits of memories I was able to gleam from Moriarty is that it was your heart and soul that were abused and turned against you.” He sighed and looked down. “Though I do not wish to speak of it now unless you are ready to hear the horrors they plotted.”
"I'm concerned though Inspector, why would the caller request us specifically unless this was some sort of message?" She asked it quietly, as if avoiding a response from Sherlock but his attention was completely focused.
They giggled more and once they were both dressed John opened the door. Hamish was already dressed and he was standing by the table beaming, which could only mean that Mrs. Hudson helped him make breakfast again. Both Sherlock and John flinched slightly remembering the last time that had happened. Burnt toast and scalded coffee aside that little face was too cute to ignore so they’d eaten it with gusto, which they would be only too happy to do again - however just as they crossed the living room a young man knocked on the door.
Just before their second wedding anniversary Harry gave birth to Hamish. Sherlock insisted that they name him Hamish (John’s middle name) and John retaliated by insisting that they also honor his Godfather, Lestrade. Sherlock had initially been reluctant about allowing Greg Lestrade to be Hamish’s Godfather, but that was quickly determined to be something Sherlock would have to deal with because John refused to budge. When Hamish was just over a month old Harry moved into a new flat-share and slowly began to stop contacting John. Within three months she had met a new girlfriend, gone through a bad breakup, and relapsed into drinking. When she finally came back into John’s life she demanded his help. Sherlock refused to help her, utterly convinced she had no true intentions of stopping her alcohol habit this go round and encouraged John not to help her. John did his best to help her; unable to turn away from his sister, but between assisting Sherlock with cases and caring for Hamish he didn’t have much time to spare. Then, just two months ago she had been killed in a motor vehicle accident that was seemingly her own fault.
"I had received word the two of you had yet to leave the confines of this room for several days. I wanted to ensure you had fed." He offered with a smile.
You can thank insomnia for getting this chapter to you so quickly! I have a couple more chapters left for this story to sort of wrap things up (there are still a few loose ends). So stay tuned!
"Oh the two of you must have been so adorable." Molly gushed and John coughed as he blushed more making her giggle.
Mycroft took John directly onto the ship and into his own room, laying him gently down on the bed and surveying him. He growled darkly when he saw the signs that John had been used and he leaned down pushing his fangs into John’s neck and taking only a little of his blood. The situation coalesced in his mind as he bit into his wrist and helped John drink, giving him more blood than Sebastian had allowed him. John slowly opened his eyes, groaning in pain.
. This begs a host of questions that need satisfaction,  John." Mycroft stood and swept over to him, almost pressing their bodies together and forcing John's gaze to lock with his. He trembled slightly.
"They will help you heal love, please." James begged, again tipping the cup to his lips. Sherlock fought as long as he could but the darkness that came when he lost control returned and he knew nothing of the world for a long time.
“I’ll find a way to help Elizabeth. Please rest.” John pleaded but Elizabeth opened her eyes and gave him a sad smile.
Mrs. Hudson escorted John upstairs, they stood in the doorway of the empty, dark flat and silence descended around them in a very uncomfortable way. John leaned back against the wall next to the door and looked at Mrs. Hudson. The dust flowing gently in the air as they stood there both of them letting their emotion swirl around their hearts. Mrs. Hudson coughed as she opened the curtains, trying to let sun into the darkened space. Deep down she hoped John was coming home, coming back to bring life back to these rooms.
John paused in one of the empty rooms on the way to Mycroft's wing to brush away his tears. Anger welled up inside of his heart because Sherlock had promised that he would allow John to visit with Mycroft. The pair had been acting oddly towards John since Sherlock's dark mood and he was at a loss as to why. Sherlock refused to tell him so he hoped this time with Mycroft would allow him to discover the answer from his Sire. Doubt swam under the surface of his skin as he felt the familiar worry that Mycroft had grown board of him. He resigned himself to facing Sherlock's anger when he returned the following night and moved towards Mycroft's study, knocking softly.
James sighed as he entered his rooms and found Sherlock sitting, still as a statue, on the desk. He threw his cloak down, slowly beginning to undo his shirt as he waited for the nasty words that would come. He was surprised however when Sherlock did not speak, his eyes flitting over the other vampire with interest.
"How did my silent thinking wake you up?" John didn't move, looking down at Sherlock from his raised position. The effect of it very clearly put John in a dominant position and sent shock waves through both of them. Sherlock groaned softly pretending it was dislike of being awake. But John knew it was because he found their proximity arousing, he knew because he felt it too.
"John! Oh love! I had... I had forgotten those were even still around. I had no idea you had found them but... It explains much. You are so strong." Sherlock muttered, arching as John slowly pressed forward. His hands digging into John's shoulders as he moaned. "I... I have not..." He protested, sure that he had in no way been John's savior.
They both drank, displeased to learn they had been sleeping for almost two days, most of which John had not been present. Anthea seemed pleased with the report she'd received and the brothers consented to give John his prerogative in the matter, sinking back to sleep until darkfall the following night. Sherlock woke first, gazing up at his brother with intrigue, watching as he breathed and slept. His form
“He… He is right.” His voice cracked and he grabbed a fistful of the Mender’s shirt. “You fool! You absolute fool!” He tried to remain firm, though tears ran on his cheeks.
“Jacob never intended to hurt either of us. The only reason we’ve been hurt is because of you. This is so stupid why are you so against this?! We’re your children for Gods’ sake!”
“The facts are glaringly obvious Mycroft. We know what’s going to happen. So now we have to act accordingly. So if you don’t mind John and I have some unpacking to do we meet for dinner to celebrate our engagement this evening.” Sherlock swept off into his room, taking both suitcases with him. John blushed but didn’t react otherwise.
“You are no better than a whore like this.” Sebastian growled darkly, leaning forward and watching the mender shudder as his energy washed over him.
As always this story is not beta'd. Please provide feedback and comments, and hopefully you enjoy the angst.
"Whatever you need from me, John, take it." He whispered as John collided with him, their lips and bodies meeting in a desperate frenzy.
That afternoon Anthea made her way to the library only to find John exiting the room on his way to feed. He cautiously looked around to ensure Sherlock was not in the hallway, smiling just a bit when he saw Anthea. She motioned for him to follow her and lead him outside to the terrace.
"John what are you doing here? I told you to remain in our room until I was done!" Sherlock demanded angrily, a sort of panic in his voice. He had feared John was with Mycroft and his jealousy was gnawing away at him. He began to move towards the couch but betrayed his surprise when Mycroft was suddenly in his face. Mycroft allowed himself to form an angry wall between his brother and their mender.
"I'm not surprised you feel that way." Sherlock stood and began to pace, the way he did when he was explaining things. "I have been gone a lot longer than I initially planned. But then... Once I was gone I thought perhaps it would be best if I stayed away. You couldn't know, John," Sherlock stopped and glared at him until he began sipping the tea. "I had to make it look so real that you, the only person in this world who could see my truth, believed it." He spoke quickly, as if his words had been rehearsed but he had forgotten all his lines. "You had to really believe I was gone because if you believed it then so would they." John moved to speak and Sherlock clicked his tongue impatiently, the way he did when someone interrupted him. "Let me finish." He ordered, John watched him though it made him dizzy. He wanted to absorb this moment so that even if he woke up tomorrow and found out his mind had conjured it up he could remember the feeling of joy spreading through his body. "He was going to kill you. Not just you, but
I am going to aim at getting the next chapter out by the end of September 2018, however I promise it will be out by the end of October at the latest. I'm leaving this gap as I have some life stuff to handle and about 50 other Sherlockian stories demanding to be written!
"It didn't seem right to bring that up when it was clear that neither you nor John remembered that summer. You suffered so much because of father's actions at the time that I felt inclined to keep the grief away from your thinking. It wasn't difficult, though John did go to great lengths to try to cover up his family history - no doubt owing to the fact his father was outspoken again the gay community, to find out who John actually was. He was legally divorced from his parents at the age of seventeen with Harry's help. He then joined the military and immediately set about creating his own livelihood without help from his father or the trust fund setup for him by his uncle James Pendergrass. I had to know more about the man you were going to be sharing confidential information and a flat with." He sighed as the two of them tensed. "I learned it after your first case, the amount of loyalty John had for you so quickly was quite alarming to me and as your older brother it is my job to look out for you. So I did find the links and I came to understand that he was the little boy who was at Pendergrass Estate the summer James was killed." Mycroft tensed, crossing his arms.
"Sherlock, stop being such a jerk." John snapped and the four of them laughed. Sherlock blushing just slightly. He moved over and took Hamish from him. "I'm going to go settle him in upstairs."
"Oh he was right about me always wanting everything to be clever. But you're not clever are you? No you're an idiot, an idiot who didn't even see that this web was closing in around you while you believed yourself to be in control. It's always harder to see your own fall." His tone lowered, his gaze darkened.
"Not there." Mycroft's mouth was thinner than normal, he didn't like the way this was going already.
"Mycroft," Sherlock growled in warning. John broke his gaze away from Sherlock to look at their guest.
"He what?" Sherlock deflated slightly and turned to look at John, watching him sleep. He looked pained and Mycroft's rage should have deflated but it didn't. All of Mycroft's hurt welling up and feeding his anger. John had suffered because of Sherlock. Mycroft had not been able to enjoy a moment of peace with John because of Sherlock.
"Ah, I take it John is still ill then?" Mycroft countered. "Yes, then I shall. It will be interesting to meet other members of the Order. Do tell me you packed a suit."
Two days after Christmas the boys began to prepare for their return to Baker Street. John was especially excited to be going home and had been possessed of almost manic energy for the last two days. They, well he, started packing immediately knowing how difficult it would be to get Sherlock to pitch in. Sherlock had been the exact opposite of John for the last two days. And lethargic for most of the last twenty four hours, simply sprawled out over the edge of the couch barely moving and not speaking. John really felt he had every right to be angry about it but he wasn't, because he was just so glad to be going home. It also didn't hurt (if he left himself be honest) that every time he looked down at his hands he was reminded of just how Sherlock felt about him. Just how much Sherlock Holmes had suffered and gone through to allow John to be safe and happy. John reached up to card his hand through his hair absentmindedly, as he plotted how to pack Sherlock's things without garnering his anger. He was about to move when he Sherlock's eyes actually flicked over to him. The first movement the man had made in hours. John turned pausing with his hand in his hair and smirked as he followed Sherlock's gaze silently. He was reminding himself too, his attention focused on the ring. Then he snapped back to staring at the ceiling. John let him alone for another hour or so before walking over and straddling the detective on the couch. Sherlock gave him his annoyed look and clicked his tongue but John wasn't put off.
"Benutzen Sie mich!" John shouted, using the only trick he had left. Sherlock growled and bit harder, John jolting as he did.
"How... Long?" Sherlock croaked as his voice felt scratchy. Mycroft loosened one of the restraints and handed him some water. He sipped it slowly.
He watched in stunned silence as John stood and walked over to the ceramic vessel containing Elizabeth’s herbs and began to go through it as if it contained the secret to life. He took a handful of the herbs and scattered them out on the table as he examined each component of the blend. Footsteps echoed in the hall and Sherlock looked up just as Mycroft led the Duke into the room.
"Yes. I surveyed him and concluded he was poisoned, likely by drinking of someone who had ingested one of any number of herbs that are harmless for mortals but can be fatal to vampires. I happened to have in my possession several ingredients I believed counteracted the poison effects of the family of herbs I believed he ingested so I prepared a potion and administered it to him." He looked embarrassed and flushed as both men raised an eyebrow. "I... I also allowed him to drink of me in order to regain some strength. Which was outlawed in the city of Summer. I cared for him for a full two days in secret, telling my uncle I was ill and did not wish to leave my room. Within those two days the hunter made a complete recovery. However during his time with me he told me of his family and their ancestral home a bit further north along the coast and informed me that many of his kin had fallen ill from similar symptoms. He asked and then pleaded with me for permission to recommend me to his patriarch so I could be sought to assist in healing their kin. At this point I knew I must defer to my uncle, who was quite angry upon discovery of what I had been doing. He refused my recommendation to the hunter's patriarch but the vampire was not to be stopped. He slipped out of the inn sometime the following day and disappeared." John sighed, crossing his hands in his lap and finally showing some nervousness as the two brothers continued to stare at him.
"I think we've established that I'm in control here." Sherlock pulled John's hair hard and John moaned.
"Of course. Go to your cousin." She smiled. She looked after John for a moment, noticing something different about him but unable to put her finger on what it was.
"I... God I never imagined the two of you..." John writhed again. "Touch me more, please! Use me! Please." Mycroft smirked.
"My Lady has also come to understand that she, without intention of her own, participated in the injury you received during those dark days at our manor. It seems that Lord Moriarty forced her to believe it was necessary for your presence and also forced her to feign greater illness than she was experiencing in order to secure the promise from you that you would remain to inform him of the news of her pregnancy which he already suspected. She has unwittingly participated in these great injuries to you for months without her knowledge and it has greatly troubled her heart to learn of it. She had been poisoned in her own mind and haunted by the words she spoke to you last, so much so that she had been unable to eat or take rest without the assistance of herbs and my skills. She has been robbed of something precious within her own mind and she wishes your forgiveness.  She has also become quite afraid for her own life and that of her child." The servant finished softly as Elizabeth continued to sob, clutching John’s hands even tighter.
"He was a bit different then. He didn't balk as much at emotion, well not once we'd been friends for a few weeks. I think he didn't get the same sort of affection most children do and I think it molded how he looked at sentiment. I know his father wasn't excessively friendly with Uncle James or my father. Mycroft is sort of an example of the upbringing they received. He made no effort to get to know me at all that summer even though Sherlock and I were clearly becoming best friends. You know," John paused looking thoughtful. "I have to wonder if that summer is the reason Mycroft is so overly protective of him. If Sherlock felt even half as horrible as I did even years later, I can understand it a lot better."
"Father," James spoke quickly, moving to him and grabbing his hand. Sebastian conceded for a moment however when James looked up at him, he yanked his hand away. "What is wrong? I am in need your assistance." James' pleaded, his voice shaking.
"No. This was my own thinking! He is my Sire! I care for him!" John was hurt by Sherlock's rage, Mycroft had been so distant with him and he was sure it was because of Sherlock. He wanted to offer him some comfort.
"God Sherlock please!" John whimpered but all he received was another hard smack. He jolted and whimpered.
“Left something for me?” John whispered and he knew he and Sherlock both wouldn’t be able to eat until they investigated. So the two of them immediately scaled the stairs, almost running for the room. John went there straight by memory, without worrying about the path. What he didn't notice was that Sherlock seemed to know exactly where he was going as well.
Sherlock bathed Hamish and when he returned it was to find Greg laughing quietly at the fact John had fallen asleep on the table, barely having eaten any food. He settled Hamish in bed before shooing Greg out and waking John.
"I cannot simply turn up at your manor to do so. That would betray to James that your mind is your own again and may set him on his guard. Is he still abroad?" John asked, his face furrowing with thought. Sherlock watched with interest as the gears turned in his husband’s mind.
“My love, surely you must know I intend to keep you locked away the rest of the day.” John grinned, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s cheeks and neck.
. A strange feeling rose in his chest and without a second thought he slipped the card into his pocket. He then headed to his room and went about his morning routine. John took a shower and got dressed before setting the kettle to boil. Just as it finished Sherlock returned to the living room dressed in fresh clothes and obviously agitated. John knew he'd been wrong and steeled himself to apologize.
"My mate... Well..." Sherlock looked away, pain flooding his features. "I suppose I shall not have the privilege of calling him that any longer." He sighed and below them John's heart began to ache. "My John has refused every word, every kindness, every gesture I have made towards him since Lady Elizabeth struck James' dagger into his heart. He seeks only the solace of the library and Anthea, refusing my heart at every turn and I simply cannot stand the torment for another moment." His voice betrayed how distraught he was and he pressed his forehead to the cool stone of the railing, using the moment to try to bolster himself. John's eyes slowly rose to stare at the concrete above him, the pain crossing his face plainly as he listened to the secret darkness of his mates heart.
Just before dark descended on the estate Mycroft came to retrieve Sherlock for the party. Sherlock gave John many reassurances that he would be back soon, kissing both him and Hamish many times before he left. Georgina was happy to have the two Holmes men there at the party and insisted she take them around. They were introduced to many people, several of whom were wearing various forms of the snake necklace. Just before ten o'clock Sherlock got a strange feeling that something was not right and he began to get very anxious. Mycroft however was charming information out of one of the older men who were members of the Order.
"You've also been studying and cataloguing my pain responses, to find the limits of my pain/pleasure threshold. Studying my reactions to the various ways you touch me, grab my hair, the way you claim me."
"Yes, all this time it seemed that he'd only contacted her when he wanted to setup the story about Richard Brooks, but I have found evidence they were linked before that. Long before that whole incident began. I think she was partially responsible for building up our publicity when we first started getting popular. You of course were the primary instrument of that, but I think she really blew it up - got us out into the limelight. I think she did it partially so that when Moriarty was able to take me down it would look that much worse and I would seemingly suffer that much more."
"I will go through any amount of fire at the hands of others if in the end I shall be privileged to spend all eternity by your side." He moved gently and brought a soft, passionate kiss to Sherlock's mouth - slowly pressing his way in so their tongues could search one another. Sherlock moaned softly, feeling John as if he was inside his own body.
"You both could have been killed by that insane woman." His voice betrayed his concern slightly, but it seemed to bring Sherlock back into the moment.
"When did you sleep last?" John asked still in his quiet sleepy voice. He couldn't stop himself as he reached forward and gently pushed those curly locks off Sherlock's cheeks, caressing his cheek slowly as he moved.
"I am glad to know Mycroft knew our history, especially since he was responsible for bringing us together at Baker Street in the first place. Otherwise my complete lack of belief in fate would be foundering right now." Sherlock's smirk was wide.
"When my uncle first discovered I lived he journeyed from the mortal city, Summer, that forms the port city for Solvanar, to our home to find me. He secured the right from my parents to take me back to Summer and introduce me to the matriarch of my Solvanar line as well as the history and power my birthright bestowed upon me. Within the first few months of arriving there a young vampire who was a hunter for his clan stumbled into the inn where we were staying on the verge of death. He was likely not going to survive the night. No one in the inn was willing to help him, though I did not know at the time that this was due to him being part of the large joint clan run by the Rowan Solvanar and containing members of the other fallen families. All I knew was a man was suffering and no one was helping him. It infuriated me." He sighed and looked down, flushing slightly. "I knew nothing of this history at the time and convinced the man secretly to come to my room. A foolish move for one so young as I was and a mortal no less, however I had recently begun my vampiric studies and considered myself adept to help him. Especially owing to the fact I had healed so many of your kin during my years with the Watson family."
"No, that's the worst thing we can do. You and I have to be near Hamish to protect him, we both know that Greg is wonderful but he is not the keenest watchman. Besides if I go you'll be alone and in danger." His voice actually trembled slightly, betraying the emotion that swept through him. John was always so selfless, always willing to be the sacrificial lamb in order to protect him. John was always so willing to shed tears, sweat, blood, and happiness just to keep Sherlock safe and happy. It pained him that no matter how hard he tried he couldn't do the same thing so easily. He couldn't be so selfless. He was not worthy of this man but the thought of not having him made him want to die.
"Hang on Sherlock, let me get the information." Lestrade snapped. "Alright Donovan, we're on our way. No witnesses?" Another pause, "Alright, I'm not really surprised. We'll be there shortly." Lestrade turned to Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson. "Donovan got a call from dispatch requesting someone from my unit go to a mugging. She found John beat up pretty badly in an alley about three blocks north of the grocer. Dispatch told her the caller was a woman and that she specifically requested someone from
"A bit, yea." John conceded and moved to sit down, opening the journal again but holding Hamish with one hand.
"John how do you know Georgina Pendergrass?" Sherlock asked furrowing his brow in the way he did when a clue was in front of him but missing.
"Sleep now little one," Mycroft whispered, caressing down John's back with his soft fluttering touches. "Sherlock will guard you now and I will return shortly. We will keep you safe."
John shuddered as Mycroft released inside of him and Sherlock's thick seed spilled over their chests. Sherlock pulled him into a kiss, not drinking from him. Instead letting Mycroft finalize their bond completely. John did not go limp between them this time, though  weakness did settle in. Sherlock watched transfixed as Mycroft turned John to face him and tilted his head, offering his neck.
she was but Sherlock was surprised she'd come at all. She looked up into John's face both of them searching each other's eyes for a long time before speaking.
"Sher…lock?" John asked softly, trying to lift his head. It hurt far too much to do however, so he sank back against the cushions.
"E-eight," John's voice cut through the discussion and both of them turned to look at him in shock. Sherlock understood immediately what John was trying to say and the panic almost boiled over in his stomach. John's head sank down towards his chest and Sherlock could not hide the tremor that ran through his hand. He refocused his attention, if he did not get John out of here and to the hospital in the next two hours he would begin to suffer lasting damage.
Sherlock smiled as John opened his sleepy eyes and looked up at his love, leaning up to press a gentle kiss against his lips. Sherlock deepened the kiss, pulling John more tightly to himself when the carriage suddenly gave a violent lurch. A loud noise echoed around them and the carriage tumbled over. It tumbled three times before splintering mostly apart, leaving only the top of the carriage laying two feet from where the two men were sprawled. Both groaned and slowly sat up, wary of their surroundings. A small gash on John’s forehead healed slowly as they helped each other up and looked around. They could feel the energy of several vampires around him.
"Sherlock you and John can fight. Hamish is just a baby! I can get him out of there before anything else happens. Let me do it!" His voice wasn't raised but it was serious and firm. His tone was almost pleading for Sherlock to let him do this. "You and Jacob can follow me in but do not reveal yourselves. You two should go along the top and take out the snipers first." Mycroft motioned to where the two men could slip in.
“Charmingly sentimental when he feels like it.” Mycroft shook his head slightly. “John," There was a shift in Mycroft's face that John could only describe as sentiment. It was rather unnerving to have not just one, but both of the Holmes brothers showing some sort of concern about him. "You do understand the danger involved in this, don't you?”
"What?" John snapped awake and Sherlock smiled. He helped him up and hugged him to himself, ignoring the flush of warmth.
“Of course you can!” She ruffled his hair before turning to Mycroft. “Ah, Mycroft, it’s been a few years. You look well.”
"Alright Mycroft I’ll trust you this time, just help me get my husband and son out of there safe." Sherlock demanded his voice cracking slightly. Mycroft nodded and with that Sherlock instantly turned and stalked after Jacob. Jacob was already halfway to the entrance. Mycroft let Greg towards the building and sighed as they heart John shouting himself hoarse.
"Presents? John, I don't know whether we should hit you or kiss you." Lestrade laughed as Sherlock tutted, pulling out a red bag.
" Sherlock commanded, he moved up - slicking oil over his cock before burying himself in John. He groaned John's name as he slowly slid his hips back and forth, pumping through John's clenching muscles as John arched and moaned under him. He leaned down so as much of their skin as possible was touching, kissing John deeply until he broke the kiss panting for breath. He turned his head, his neck easily exposing itself to his hunger.
"He wishes you to be his and has for some time now." Mycroft said softly, leaning back and sighing.  "I could not allow that to pass, knowing as I did that my brother believed you to be his mate." Mycroft tilted his head.
“Did Queen Kyna ever tell you about the powers of the Solvanaar bloodlines?” Gregory’s confusion deepened.
"Of course, Lord Holmes please take good care of John. He has done a great service in keeping us from falling ill." Sebastian let go, letting John into Mycroft's grip.
"I thought it was blatantly obvious that was how things would be when you came with me to Lauriston Gardens." Sherlock grinned and John shook his head.
"The gas leak was obvious, some sort of trap has been set in Baker Street. It is likely set to go off on New Year's, a sentimental symbol, and will likely be triggered exactly a half an hour after midnight - the exact moment that
"He wrote a little in it, mostly his own witness accounts of..." Sherlock snapped the book out of John's hand and began reading it.
Sherlock was alarmed, he didn't know how to respond to John's emotion. He only knew he had to convince John not to ask Mary to be his wife. He couldn't stand that thought. He couldn't allow it for an instant. Not that he would admit there was something sentimental crawling around inside his chest. He didn't want to admit how he felt, but he knew he couldn't allow John to walk away.
"Oh sod off, both of you. It is Christmas!" Sherlock dismissed their words. "John's right, we should get decent before they arrive."
"So we will accept your offer if it still stands." He continued, trying to keep his voice as even as he could.
Once they arrived in Germany the Coven settled into the top floor of a hotel at the base of the mountain path leading to their manor. Mycroft spent many mornings at the manor, overseeing the repairs and leaving the remainder of the Coven to their own devices at the hotel. John and Sherlock spent many lazy days, simply enjoying their time together, and many evenings in the hotel bar watching people come and go. Some afternoons John could tempt Sherlock to sit in the garden with him, deducing the people that passed by in the street. John still behaved oddly, disappearing in the afternoons into some unknown corner of the hotel and often writing hastily in one of his journals. After nearly a month in Germany, Moriarty finally made himself known to the group.
"Where is John?" Mycroft demanded loudly, stopping Sherlock from speaking out. Sherlock's knuckles were white as he clenched his hand around the Oaken Shield.
"Where is Sherlock?" Her tone was polite but it didn't mask that she seemed to know they'd had a row.
John took a slow shaking breath that hitched when Sherlock suddenly swept around and caged him in the chair. Sherlock's eyes burned into his, seeking answers to thousands of unanswered questions as his rage built and swirled in his eyes violently. Sherlock leaned forward and claimed John's mouth in a furious kiss, full of possessive passion. He straddled John in the chair, one hand finding its way into his hair and pulling his head back for better access. Sherlock forced his tongue into John's mouth, claiming him and not caring who might be near them to see. He kept kissing him, his aura pushing down on John's until John's entire body felt like it was no longer solid. Sherlock growled darkly against his mouth and clawed into his sides as he slid their bodies together and forced John to relent to him.
Mycroft helped Sherlock wrap John in their jackets, doing the best they could to cover him and protect him. He spent several minutes situating the mender firmly in Sherlock's arms before the brothers and George began their journey back home, both Mycroft and George alert for danger. They heard shouting from the house, including Sebastian and Elizabeth but they ignored it in favor of getting John home safe. When they arrived at their manor George was dismissed to secure the perimeter of the house and Mycroft and Sherlock took John down to the room they'd used for his rebirthing. Anthea was waiting with clothing and bloodwine. Mycroft gave her barked instructions and she left, leaving only the three Holmes men behind. Mycroft watched Sherlock and John for a long moment before deciding their first task would be cleaning the mender up. He led the way into the bathroom, ensuring the bath was warm before taking the mender gently from his brother. Sherlock got in the tub and Mycroft lowered John down into his arms before following down into the tub. John stirred and began to wake, tears coming anew.
As always kudos, comments, and messages are very acceptable! I'm considering that the third part of this series will actually be the Adventures of Pirate Prince Erik and his first mate Captain John, but we'll see where we go with this story first!
Mrs. Hudson looked up at Sherlock as he finally broke his eyes away from John and turned to look out to window for a moment. She began fiddling with the blankets; trying to be sure John was comfortably covered before settling back down into her set. He began pacing the length of the room just in front of the bed. Lestrade perched himself on the wide window ledge, watching Sherlock closely. It was clear Lestrade wasn't leaving until he felt for sure John was still safe. He watched Sherlock move, knowing the wheels were turning in his head.
“You know me…” He purred, leaning in. “I will find out your secrets. I am going to free you. You will come home with me to my coven and my brother and I shall protect you.” He said urgently, frowning when tears began to line John’s eyes. “What is it?”
Sherlock was able, through cunning use of a ring found at the scene as bait, create a path to the killer which lead to a full interrogation. The man’s story implied that the entire crime had been planned and committed in revenge for a lost lover many years prior in the United States. Something about the entire business did not sit well with John, however. John had taken to keeping a chronological account of their crime solving activities and decided that since this was a revenge killing he would title it “A Study in Scarlet.” He had scarcely finished inking the last page when he hurriedly dashed off a note to Gregory demanding that he be allowed to examine the remaining pill the killer, Jeffery Hope, had been carrying. The more he thought on it, the more the pill seemed to be the source of the nagging feeling in his stomach. Gregory made John promise to provide a full detailed report of what he found before John was able to receive the pill and set to work. Sherlock, already on to the next case, did not understand why John would have any interest in the pill or its’ contents.  They spent two days in a fantastic row over the whole ordeal, before Sherlock was called away from the flat to work on the newer case.
Sherlock was silent as he walked, the hood of his cloak wrapped over his raven curls as he tried not to let the emotion get the better of him as he traveled silently through the still night. He knew Mycroft had seen through his lie however he could not chance that Anthea was not lurking somewhere nearby. John should not know of his departure else he think he should stop Sherlock from leaving with false words. Sherlock's focus was almost entirely in his mind so he did not hear John behind him, though John felt several times in his haste to catch his mate. He finally was able to gain enough proximity he was able to grasp the back of Sherlock's cloak, causing Sherlock to shout in surprise. He spun, anger clear in his body as he assumed his brother had followed him, however his entire face changed when he saw it was John.
"That was Mrs. Hudson," The tongue click and a sigh. "She said John left to go to the grocer about half an hour ago. Left his phone at home," Sherlock's features tightened. The grocer was within ten minutes of the flat. All they needed was milk. "She said just a bit ago someone slipped a note under her door for you. She said it was something about watching him. She said she'd tried to call you several…" Sherlock turned on his heel, already dialing Mrs. Hudson and moving down to hail a cab. "Sherlock! I'll take you!" Lestrade came after him.
