Sam sighed slightly when he felt Dean pull his boxers down, his eyes no longer absorbing a single thing he read.
“Okay fine,” Gabe continued, “you guys want to get eaten by a ghost, be my guest. Me and Meg will do it without you two babies.”
My Kink Bingo card is officially complete!!! So this will be the last chapter of the Supernatural Menagerie. Thank you everyone for your support! If you'd still like to request a ship/kink you can contact me on my
Dean and Ketch stopped in their tracks, still laden with their things.
Castiel filled Dean to the brim, gave him a second to adjust, then pulled out and did it all over again. Dean's head dropped onto the table.
Castiel smiled sadly. “What made you stay?”
There were a lot of things Dean loved about Sam. There were also a lot of things about Sam that drove Dean crazy. For Dean, Sam’s cock filled both categories. Dean’s all time favorite way of getting at his brother’s cock was tying Sam up and making him beg for hours.
So Sam kept massaging him. The soapy water was better than lotion. His thumbs and fingers reached every spot, massaging up the arch of his foot, his heel, even his toes. Sam hadn’t realized how cute his toes were. He noticed Castiel was really enjoying himself. His breathing had gone shallow, and his hand had slipped off the side of the tub and into the water. It took Sam a second to realize what he was doing.
“Sorry, dad,” Claire said, her own voice muffled. She didn’t try to get away, though. “I’m sorry…”
Gabe, Claire, and Meg didn’t look like they understood, but Charley did.
Dean closed his mouth in surprise. “What about the crack?” He asked resolutely, still holding the bag with the supplies.
“That’s it, Sammy. Take it. You can have Hell but, this?” Dean grabbed his cock once more, “This is mine. Every inch of you, it’s all mine. Let me hear it!”
Gabe sought refuge in Charley’s room, where Charley was doing his homework at his desk. Gabe flung himself behind Charley, who turned just in time to see Claire and Kaia run at them. Chaos ensued.
“—take his head out of his ass if he wanted to keep it,” Castiel repeated fondly. “Yes, I do.”
Castiel rose a brow. “That’s surprising.”
Castiel enjoyed watching Dean's body shake and his jaw stiffen. He liked seeing Dean's cock, an unusually gorgeous one for a human, dribbling precum with every thrust. He loved the sounds Dean tried and failed to hide, and the way his body moved, as if milking every last bit of pleasure from the motions. He loved everything about this one particular human.
Dean stepped out onto the front porch and spotted Castiel walking briskly towards the house. He was carrying Meg, whose eyes and cheeks were red. Their aggravated expressions were so similar that Dean could have laughed.
“Not tonight, thanks. She’s asleep already,” Garth said.
Sam stared at him. Castiel didn’t have the strength to look at Dean.
“That’s very good,” Castiel said. “Maybe Claire will let you paint her room.”
Oh yes, it was all Sam’s fault.
Castiel sighed in defeat, and began to tell Sam about his latest excursion into the sandbox.
“Sam, no,” Castiel said breathlessly.
“Uh-huh."
“Fuck.”
Sam keened forward, but he was held down by his many restraints. It looked more like a violent twitch than an honest attempt at escape. Dean tasted Sam’s precum as he lazily played with the toy.
Castiel smiled. “We went to college together. She used to babysit Jack, actually.”
Dean gasped as the cane hit his inner thigh, right along the crease of his pelvis. He tried to close his legs again, but the chains responded indifferently and kept him splayed for the next hit. Dean could hear the whoosh of air and braced himself for it, but it still took the breath out of him.
Dean watched helplessly as Castiel attempted to rip his ruined jeans. He finally found the right angle and Dean heard the zipperlike sound of tearing denim. Castiel wrapped the material around his knee so tightly that he swore.
“Couch.” Dean said. “Go.”
They had just finished hunting a vengeful spirit and were too tired to do anything but sit on the couch in their motel room at three am and watch whatever was on TV. They’d been so unusually busy that they’d abandoned their normal routines. Dean knew there was something he was forgetting, but he hadn’t had a second to himself to figure out what it was, until Sam rested his head against Dean’s.
"Oh, you're looking for one of Lucifer's crypts?”
Top/Dom!Dean x Bottom/Sub!Sam, BDSM, Bondage, Vibrators, Dildos, Cock rings, Chains, Spreader bar, Blindfolds, Dirty talk, Edging, Teasing, Oral (with cock ring), Biting/slapping (mentioned), Prostate Milking, Fingering, Anal, Demon blood
“Hey, did you know your engine shakes when you start the van?” Jack said, helping himself to a glass of water while the kids washed up. “I felt it when we left.”
“Do you think…” Charley finally asked. “Do you think she’s still around?”
“Hey, Cas.”
“Hm… Sam is one happy camper, believe me.” She smirked. “Oh. And he likes your feathers.”
When Sam and Dean discovered they shared this particular interest, namely bondage, they went a little crazy. Dean, as the big brother, the protector, felt a need to take over and gave Sam all the pleasure he could possible give him. He knew Sam was a more than capable dom, but Dean needed to be the one to take care of him. So he took care of him. At every possible opportunity. Luckily, Sam’s resilience had always matched, if not surpassed, Dean’s.
Castiel noticed Claire subtly wipe her eyes.
“If his CD tray isn’t working...” Ian called after him.
Castiel picked his head up to look at Dean. He looked windblown, but answered simply, "The pizza man."
Dean didn't remember falling asleep, but when he woke up he thought he was dead. He was enveloped in such warmth and comfort that he couldn't possibly be alive. There was no pain, only the heavenly smell of Castiel’s familiar musk and the feeling of his body breathing gently against Dean’s. Surely this couldn’t be Earth
Castiel nodded.
Sam shuddered, stretched out on Castiel’s cock.
Another slap, this time dangerously close to Sam’s spread hole. Sam groaned and trembled.
That was all the attention he gave Sam’s cock for another two rounds. Gabriel kept fucking and coming, fucking and coming. At one point he pulled out to get Sam some water, and he really did plug him. By that point Sam was already feeling full, and the plug just made it all the more staggering.
Charlie's smile dropped and she looked at her computer. “Uh, yeah, I think so. I had to do some digging to find it. The autopsy just said ‘fire’, which I thought was weird… everything was so specific up until that point... Oh, here we go. So, one of the paramedics who attended the scene retired right after Mary Bishop’s death. And in his confidential retirement report
Sandover Bridge & Iron Inc. is under attack by a mysterious prankster. After a bizarre incident involving Dean Smith and some very suspiciouis pornography, office worker Sam Wesson thinks he’s found the culprit: that stupid, sexy janitor. Who would’ve guessed? Written for SPN Kink Bingo.
Wincest
Claire kept asking why, until Castiel finally told her in private that it isn’t safe and, in fact, Kaia shouldn’t come over at all anymore. Claire glared at him and stalked away, her breakfast half-eaten.
Dean pressed the button. He watched hungrily as Sam’s body lit up like it had been electrocuted. The dildo buzzed mercilessly against Sam’s prostate and Sam shouted out in ecstasy. His whole body tightened uncontrollably, forcing the dildo to buzz him even harder.
“Yeah.”
“God has left the building, Sammy.”
“How’s everyone enjoying the party?” Castiel cleared his throat.
“Hola amigo!” Garth hugged Dean genially.
Except, Sam then announced he was going to a bar. Alone. Dean eyed him suspiciously. He was used to Sam giving him and Castiel a wide berth, but he didn’t see any reason for it at the moment. Dean hadn’t gotten any action in days. But Dean let him go anyway. A few seconds later he was pounding on the bathroom door.
“Ok. Alright.” Sam felt weird, almost uncomfortable, in this house he used to call home. Now he was just a guest. Castiel sighed, the house keys taunting him on their little hook by the door, a burning desire to throw them back to Sam, and to...run away.
century, and nothing after that counted. It was such a ridiculous claim, even for Crowley. And Castiel often wondered if his colleague claimed this just to get a reaction out of him. But Cas had no energy left for arguing, no argumentation or even starting of a debate so he had just sighed. And when he received the thesis, he did not even bothered to read the preface. Instead he had discarded it on his desk where it was left untouched ever since.
“No, she couldn’t. But your mom made one mean lasagna!”
“Sorry, I wanted to do this face to face. Beer anyone?” When the two men stayed silent, he just grabbed the one for himself, twisted it open and slammed it down on the table after drinking half of it. Sam checked his watch and let out a sigh. Bobby didn’t acknowledged the scolding and instead tapped the postcard which Sam had not seen until now. “So.” He took a deep breath. “Dean's alive.”
“And she never let us forget about it!”
“The other son, Dean, disappeared  ten years ago. I mean, he chose to disappeared. As far as most people are concerned, he is dead.” Cas couldn’t help but looked around the house. His house. It was strange, knowing someone else might see it as “home", and he felt like a stranger, like a guest in his own living room.
“Rufus! Shut up, put away the board and get the bottle out!”
Back on the road, he decided to go towards Ogden, Utah. He left route 15 and went onto route 91. He needed a change of scenery, so driving south instead of carrying East was his news plan. He got some fuel and snack at the first opportunity. The radio being just a murmur, his mind wandered around, and he tighten his grip on the wheel : Lawrence was twenty hours away. Ten years driving around could end with just a twenty hours drive, a thousand two hundred minutes.
Alistair called 3 in the corner pocket with combination. He kept going, trying to shatter Dean's confidence. He called 4 in the centre pocket, to which Dean scoffed. It was the quintessence of a show off shot. The 4 hit the 8, and made it to the pocket.
On his last bite, he hummed, content. Wrinkled napkins left to die in the small red plastic basket, he pushed the whole aside and grabbed his beer instead. Jo emerged from nowhere and cleared his table.
“Karen could not stop laughing when she told me the story that evening. She had never seen a kid with such a matter-of-fact face before!”
“Boy over here wanna talk about Dean... so keep the beers coming Pam!” Bobby tried to laugh and Pam nodded, her bright smile morphing into a sad one. She eyed Cas for a second and waved at him before going back behind the bar.
. He chugged his Martini and tried to make a quiet escape, mixing himself in the crowd, playing chill. Greeted a few women here and there. Winked once or twice. It was in those moment he wished he was slightly smaller. He could try as hard as he wanted, he could definitely be spotted in the crowd. A quick glance at the bar, and he saw the two guys had been on the move. If he had to chose between the brawl or the shag, he would have chosen the latest, but it seemed brawl it was. He hated people bringing knives or hell, guns, into a fight. It was a display of cowardice, and a profound desire to kill. Not playing by the rules.
Releasing his leg back on the floor slowly, he didn’t think twice before swinging the rum right in, swallowing to numb the pain, physical this time.
Doesn't weigh me down at all
“Sit down Sam. House is fine. All is fine.” Bobby gestured to the sofa, where Cas was quiet, elbows propped on his knees, head resting on his joined hands.
“Good! I’ll let you enjoy now!” She squeezed his shoulder and went back behind the bar to refill the whiskey glass of one of the patron. Cas dug in, still pleasantly surprised at how good their burgers were. Grease dripped down his fingers, collecting salt from the fries. He grabbed a napkin to clean the mess. It had become a small island of happiness; coming here, eating, having a drink. It was simple. A simple pleasure he was happily embracing. A small victory.
“Why were social services never involved?” Castiel asked, his heart breaking at the thought of these kids being treated like that.
“Nah. Not drunk enough for that.” He downed his drink and the man ordered him a new one right away.
He looked up at the sounds of a car passing in the streets, and saw the postman at the end of it. Aborting another yawn, he checked the mailbox. A single postcard was there : the picture of a landscape and a small waterfall, “Snake River – Idaho Falls'' written in a simple blue font at the bottom. He turned it around, surprised to see a more steady writing than previously, although still shaky. The first line was scribbled off and unreadable.
“Eleven is a reasonable hour to still be asleep, especially if you had a late night at work. I should not have assumed you would have been awake with only my own schedule in mind-"
He dropped his phone on the small table he had found a few days back .
At ten to, he heard the truck outside, followed by a honk. Hands shaking, he opened the door and signalled Bobby, to come in. He could see the mechanic confused brow, but he did took of his seatbelt and killed the engine. Grunting, he got out, making his way to the house. He was visibly uncomfortable to be so close to it, and his eyes shot straight to facade, where the blinds to Dean's bedroom were closed, still.
-Graphic description
When he went back to his car, a pink post-it note was stuck under his wipers.
On the morning of Sam’s arrival due date, Bobby popped over to Castiel's for some breakfast. He bought his own waffle iron and some batter in a plastic pitcher.
Spotify playlist:
“100.”
“Do you regret sending it?”
“Will do. Over.”
... Dean sent it to the house, to his dad. Dean’s alive.” His last word were met with a dead silence on the other sign of the line. And for a second, Cas thought Gabriel had hung up on him. “Gab?”
Whole lotta love y'all xX
“Right... so...er...Dad...My father...John...,” and it was as if he had just opened a door which had been padlocked for years, and everything cramped in it busted out, “wanted me to be the perfect son. His perfect copy. And when I was sixteen, he saw me chatting up a boy. Well, flirting. And he lost it. Called me a useless faggot, a disgrace to our family name, a waste of space and oxygen. Dragged me home, beat the shit out of me. Cracked a few ribs. Maybe he thought that if he punched hard enough, he could punch the gayness out of me. And god knows he tried. And I tried to temper him. Told him I was bi, so a fifty fifty chance of him having a step daughter right? Made it worse. I was a slut, a whore, a perv. All the insults you could think of? I heard them. But I had to stay. For Sammy. My little brother. So I stayed. If I was fifteen minutes late, dad would crush down his cigarettes on me. ‘off sucking dicks again weren’t you?’... He... yeah.”
“Er...hi. Mr. Novak?” Sam offered his hand as Cas stood up.
“First, car keys are going in the jar.” Alistair ordered.
“I’m sure he knows you'll always be here waiting for him Bobby.” Cas felt like crying. Because he had no one waiting for him back home, because he didn’t even know where home was.
“Foul.” Dean tapped the score paper from the tip of his finger. The group acquiesced and so did Alistair. At least, he was playing with an honest pool shark. When only the cue ball and 2 were left, Alistair racked the balls again. He had almost cleared the table before missing a shot.
So he did the only thing he could think of.
“Alright. If you say so. Just call me tomorrow. Now go sober up in a bush or something yeah?”
“You should try Pam's special one day. It has bacon, a fried egg and a decadent amount of maple syrup. Soooo good. Apart for your waist, but you only live once!” She laughed, her eyes shining with genuine amusement.
Two weeks had passed since the postcard first came. Bobby had called Sam the day after their celebratory night at the roadhouse, asking him to come down to Lawrence as soon as he had the chance, and Sam had agreed to it. Even though he had tried as hard as he could to probe Bobby for more information, Sam had no clue why he was asked back home. He just hoped everything was alright with the house, and that the new owner was not looking into suing him for a vice of procedure or else.
All throughout the story, music will play a big part. So I made a Spotify playlist, which will be updated at each new posted chapter.
Sam took one last look at what used to be the family home, and closed the door. Steps heavy, he contemplated the house, but no tears were left to cry. The air was getting colder as the sun was setting down.
“Dad is dead. And Dean... I know you don’t wanna hear it, but face it... so is Dean.” Sam said almost defensively, “He must be.” And with these  words, he handed the keys over to Bobby. “Because if he is not... Then it simply means he wants nothing to do with us anymore right? And Dean would never...” The tall man replaced his hair behind his ear and dropped his arms in defeat.“The new owner is coming tomorrow, just give him the keys, and... that’s it Bobby. It’s done.” Sam got into his car, and without even looking back, drove away. It felt like  he was running away. Escaping something as quick as he could, and never come back. Never again. Lawrence, Kansas, shall just be a random name on map from now on.
He wished he could speak up, put words on what was tormenting him, get it out of his chest but like every time he had tried, he found himself unable to find where to start. It was a long story, and even though it was his, it didn’t mean he knew it by heart. Side effects of life carrying its journey: memories faded away, faces got blurry, and he came to wonder more than once if any of his past were true. Being the only witness of his past, it was easy to overplay some memories, twisting them around or simply creating them and it was always ending the same way: did he invent it all? Was he delusional? Had everything not been that bad, was he just too weak to face some mundane life challenges? His psychiatrist had once said he was suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, although he thought PTSD was a veteran illness. He had nothing to be traumatized about compared to the rest of the world. Downplaying his own suffering to legitimize the one of others. He could practically hear Gabriel grunting at that thought.
After more than an hour, the game came to an end. Dean won with a significant difference, but there was no animosity between the two men, not really. Almost a mutual respect. Dean took his cash prize and offered Alistair a beer.
“But not you.” Bobby nodded at that. He pushed the plate right in front of Cas and ordered him to dig in before it gets cold. Cas laughed at that. He never knew his dad, but he imagined it was what it felt like to have one.
“Thank you.”
“Your car.” The man pointed at the keys. “We win, we get your car. You win, you get...” He looked back at his group of buddies for a second before returning his attention on Dean, “five-hundred bucks. Deal?” Dean looked back at the pool table, where an other man could be seen missing a shot, quite dramatically. It seemed it was gonna be a pool shark vs pool shark kinda game. He was on.
“I can pick you up. The parking lot is quite small anyway, so if we can save some space. I’ll pick you up at seven alright?” He downed his beer without blinking. Castiel wondered if he should ever mention that he was worried about the old man’s alcoholism. But a quick glance around reminded him that it seemed normal around here. A town made of broken men drinking to forget something, sharing a drink called loneliness.  Bobby stood up, his truck keys clenched in his fist. “And son, lose the suit tonight maybe. It’s just beer and darts.” Bobby looked at him from head to toe, in a way that could both mean “idjit" and “but if not, that’s fine" and Castiel tilted his head. It was the thing with Bobby really : he looked like your regular American redneck, but behind the cap, the beard and the booze was hidden an immense heart which kept surprising Cas. However, he finished his second beer, feeling the anxiety  still crawling under his skin.
It was only then he realised he was still pinching the postcard in-between two fingers. Tea in hand, he sat down on his sofa, his eyes unable to look away from the Seattle vintage scene. Seattle. Was it where Dean had been all along then. Lost in thoughts, Cas nurtured his hot beverage. He thought about Hendrix, Quincy Jones, Green River. Seattle and Washington state : decades worth of music history. And Cas thought about the posters that must have been up the walls in the room upstairs, once upon a time. He did not know a lot about Rock, Blues, Grunge or anything alike. Well, he knew the history, what he had read over the years, but it didn’t know what it sounded like. He would usually just put on the radio as a background noise but never paid close attention to it, mostly because he never really cared he guessed.
“Ah. You see. It’s all about having hope. The kid will be alive until I see a dead body. And if I gotta die believing he is out there and happy, then so be it. Even with no proof of it, so be it. I’ll keep making excuses for him. There’s hope. There’s always hope.” He cleared his throat.” Gotta go back to the garage. Don’t worry about your food buddy, it’s on me. And you take care of that house alright. If not for Dean, do it for an old hopeful man.” Bobby grabbed his cap from the counter and left a few bucks to Pam who gave him a pat on the shoulder.
“I do actually. It’s...different.” He took a sip and snatched a fry. “I’m still trying to get used to it but now I can get go grocery shopping without getting lost.” She laughed and he gave her a small smile in response.
“Nope. You don’t have the monopoly on worry. So let me worry about you once in a while eh? It’s my job. Big brother and all.” Gabriel chuckled before mentally slapping himself. “Sorry. I didn’t mean... I... you know what I meant.”
“I still think you’re making a mistake boy.” Bobby said, unable to take his eyes off of the closed blinds. The white house seemed unnatural like that, too quiet, haunted by ghosts from the past. The weeds had grown wild around it, and the lack of light inside almost made it look two dimensional, a weird cardboard cut out of a house. It wasn’t right.
Castiel pinched his lips. He did not know the feeling. He had read about it, heard about it, but it seemed nothing compared to living it.
It was easy to forget he was an adult when the wool covering him had been the same for as far as he could remember, worn out and colour washed out. It belonged to his mother, and he had claimed it as his own, to always have a piece of her with him. A small piece of home he had never been able to let go, even if it meant he had to fold his legs against his chest to be fully covered. It smelled dusty, a hint of gasoline and the stench of the many beers he had spelled over it in his lifetime. It smelled of the open stretch of road ahead of him.
“And you, how’re things going then? Apart travelling through the ever so exciting Idaho state?” Charlie enquired.
, early 20
“Just checking up on you. I know it’s never an easy time for you.”
Sometimes, parked in a clear patch by a forest, he would sit on the bonnet of the Impala, wondering what life had Sammy made for himself. Maybe he was an uncle by now. He wondered if Karen and Bobby were still happily married. He wondered if his da- John ever stopped drinking.
“Yeah well. Life is a bitch.” The owner of the shop scolded them for being to loud, and they ended up on the sidewalk.
“I’m sorry for the table, man. I’ll replace it.” Sam shook himself back on his feet, and bent to grab a piece of broken wood. It was like a flashback; some memories were buried so deep, only to resurface when you expected it the least.
“Oh, feeling adventurous then! Coming right away!” She disappeared in the kitchen. Cas’ eyes locked themselves on the book cover.
The sun was high, and music was blasting through the open windows. In the mirror, Seattle could be seen becoming smaller and smaller. The route 5 was the only thing he could focus on. A nice stretch of straight road, numbing his thought. Washington state had always been a ride he enjoyed, and he could afford to leave the map unattended on the passenger seat. He hummed the last notes of Bruce Springsteen, and gasped softly when a new song started. He turned the volume to maximum, his left arm hanging from the window, drumming against the black paint.
-Alcohol
“Well, for what it’s worth, I’ll be there.” Cas looked back at Sam and Bobby through his eyelashes, before leaning back on his seat, head falling against the wooden wall. He finished his umpteenth drink and let himself be lulled by the sound of the two other men talking about a barbecue or something. It made no sense, but to him, waiting for a stranger to knock on his door filled him with incomprehensible joy, as if he had been assigned a duty by everybody in this town : take care of this place, for Dean, their wayward son, might just come back. And it had given him a purpose. The guardian of something that someone, somewhere, cherished.
“This aren’t a song for the broken hearted.” He put the car in first gear, and re-joined the main road. “No silent prayer for the faith-departed.” Fingers drumming along, he changed gear again, swearing at the dick behind him blinded him with his full-beam lights. “I aren’t gonna be just a face in the crowd.” If his memory was not failing him, he knew just the right place for some quick cash and turned right. “You’re gonna hear my voice, when I shout it out loud.” Waiting for the beat to drop at a street light, he tapped two time on the wheel. “It's my life! It’s now or never! I aren’t gonna live forever! I just wanna live my life while I’m alive!” He indicated left, and checked his mirrors one last time. “It’s my life! My heart is like an open highway!” He sped up, careless about how loud he was singing. Carefree. “Like Frankie said : I did it my way! I just wanna live my life while I'm alive! It’s. My. Life.”
“The bottle,” Rufus stopped the music and all heads turned towards Bobby and Cas, “ as in....
okay?” Dean rolled his eyes.
“I do. They were my sons. More than John's, I believe. I saw these kids growing up, helped them with their homework, made them their launch. Karen used to bake pies and we would eat in our back garden, the four of us.” Bobby passed his hand above the waffle iron and, happy with the warmth, he started the first batch. “It’s actually Karen's recipe. She was a great baker. She used to bake with Dean when he was about eight or nine. The boy could not get enough of her pies.” He laughed as he closed the iron and grabbed his coffee back. “She was one hell of a woman.”
Castiel had been living in Lawrence for a month. Each passing day resembled the last. He had bought two bookshelves, which truly were just random pieces of wood nailed together, but it was enough to store his books. The first bedroom was now box free, although it had taken Castiel about three weeks to tackle the task. In the room next to it, the mattress was on the floor and a chair was the only other thing there, drowned under a pile of clothes. The last bedroom however, had remained closed.
“Alright. Cool. Cool cool. I'm gonna let you carry on with your day then. And if you need anything, call me. Text me. Whatever.”
“I just received a postcard. Well, not ‘
“Yeah...!” Dean nonchalantly said, almost shrugging. Not only was this a tricky shot, it was made almost impossible as a break had happened at the previous shot. Eyes aligned with the cue, pinching his tongue in-between his lips, he shot.
“Come on! Rules are simple. We agree on a bet. The winner takes it all, no argument.” The man, slightly taller than Dean and built like a carpenter, laughed. “Come on!”
“Here's one for you.” Cas took the shot glass. “And here’s for you.” Rufus handed  the rest of the bottle to Bobby who held it high above his head.
Dean, dazed and confused, took a second to realize his phone was vibrating in his pocket. He dug it out and sighed at the ID caller.
“Oh hey Charlie. How's life going?” He sat back up, his back resting against the door, his legs crossed in from of him.
Whiskey in a jar... are you more a Thin Lizzy or Metallica version kind of person? Oh well...I'm Pulp. Great cover! Gotta listen to it!
“Yeah... acquaintance really. Man was a bastard. Not used to be though, but his wife got killed in a car crash decades ago... never was the same ever since. Raised two boys on his own. It was tough. Not an excuse to be a dick though.” Bobby downed his own drink, and signalled the woman behind the bar for an other.
“Nah. You keep it. It’s yours. I never felt like this place was mine anyway. Not really I guess. It was dad's place and he’s dead. So, yeah... if you want to sell it, or demolish it, go for it. It’s yours.”
While we're on the way to there
“Exactly.” And Bobby laughed. Not one of these sad empty one, but a true joyful one, and Cas joined him. “First thing I’ll do when I’’ll see him again : bring him down here, get a burger, some pie, and enough booze to kill us both.” Bobby’s voice dropped down, becoming a faint rumble. After a few second of silence, Castiel felt like asking.
Seventeen hours later, his whole body sore, he pulled the handbrake. Idaho Falls. Grabbing his jacket from the passenger seat, he made his way out of the Impala and contemplated the Snake River. As if a veil had lifted from his entire being, his eyelids became a heavy weight, unable to stay open. He made his way around the car and retrieved a blanket and pillow from the trunk before cocooning himself on the back seat.
Alistair almost choked on his beer at the name. And Dean held his hand in front of him. “Not my fault you don’t ask people's name before playing buddy!”
“Can do.” The man turned back to his friends who all nodded. “Yes, boy, we call and we count fouls.”
Castiel smiled slightly. His brother would never say it to his face, but he cared. They cared about each others, in a their own way.
Right at eleven on the dot, a car pulled by the house. Bobby rose an eyebrow at the sight of the Continental. Not a bad car. Just lacking finesse...And in desperate need for some maintenance as the car was almost wheezing in pain.  A man got out. He looked overdressed for Lawrence, Kansas, and Bobby tried his best to hide a frown. Balancing a trench coat on his right arm, the man walked up to him. Bobby would have had imagined a new home owner would look more...enthusiastic but this guy looked plain miserable. Hair uncombed,  three day stubble and than most empty blue eyes he had ever seen.
He kicked the front wheel, angry tears running down his face. And he kicked it again, and again, punched the passenger door, one time, then two. His legs gave up on him, and he dropped to the floor, his back collecting the dust from the car.
“.... yeah.” Healthy copping mechanisms were  concepts he was familiar with, but it didn’t mean he had to apply them to himself. And he had just checked his wallet and he was running dangerously low on cash, so hustling pool it was. And if he could throw one or two drinks in the bet, he would not complain either.
stole the most precious thing my dad ever had.”
“Sorry. Did I...wake you up? I can call back later. Yeah. Just ... just send me a text when...”
“Well. You know the house I bought... so it used to belong to this man, John, who passed away. And he had two sons. And I bought the house from Sam, the younger brother.”
“Idjit.” Bobby pocketed the keys. From the back of his own truck, he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and sat on the porch. He poured some on the grass before helping himself. “You don't even deserve it John.” It took him almost ten years, but he could not hold it in anymore, and there was not enough whiskey in the world to drown his sobs. God, he hated the man. He had drunk himself to death, a years long suicide, but Bobby could never forgive him. Not in life, and definitely not in death. Through gritted tears, he mumbled one last “You bastard!” before pushing himself back on his feet.
The table was already set up when Dean arrived, and an other man handed him a cue. Dean ignored him and chose one on the rack instead. “Are we playing to 100, 125 or 150?”
It was not like he had knocked on his father’s balls to come to life. His parents must have wanted him right? A loving couple having two kids, a house in the suburb, hosting a barbecue on Sundays, fresh pancakes in the morning. A leather belt. Gunshots. Blood. “You were an accident. You wasted my life.”; “She died because of you.”; “You killed her.”; “You’ll be a great son the day I could piss on your grave.”
Bobby stopped in front of a wooden house with a red neon light, music echoing in the parking lot. “Right, let’s go!”
Less than an hour later, Bobby and Cas heard a car door closing outside , quickly followed by a knock on the door. The old mechanic took a deep breath and made his way to the front porch.
“Thanks, Bobby.” Cas hid his smile in his mug of coffee, feeling like he might just cry, again. He felt stupid for it, because it was nothing other than an ‘it's ok' but he had never heard it. Sure, Gabriel never had an issue with Castiel's sexuality, and had treated it as any other piece of information and Cas was thankful for it. But hearing it from Bobby, a grumpy redneck, it was different.
Comments and kuddos appreciated but you can also make yourself a nice cup of tea, and just ~ vibe ~
CHAPTER FIVE
man.” And she took a delicate sip from her cup, eyes darkened.
As soon as they pushed the door, the music surrounded them, like a warm hug. It was not too loud, no, it was perfect, and Castiel could feel it in his chest.
Dean looked at the table, turning around. He was looking for an easy shot, something any pool amateur could pull off. He called 7 and pointed at the corner. Right in. No foul. He carried on playing that game, going for the easiest shots, trying to almost miss them on purpose. Six balls in, he decided to let the other one play, giving himself time to see Alistair's game. He called 9 in the centre. And missed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cool. After you then, be my guest!” Dean propped his elbow on the rack, eyes watching every movements. He could hear one of the guy talking to the other. “I think Alistair fucked up on that one.”; “Let’s wait until the guy gets a shot.”
The place was busy, and a game of pool was already on. So he sat at the counter, ordered a whiskey, and put on his most miserable face. Shoulders low, eyes empty, fingernails clicking on the side of the glass. And like every time, it worked. Within half an hour, a man tapped him on the shoulder.
“Oh Sammy. Bon Jovi rocks!....On occasion.”
He finally opened the blinds and ventilated the front room. The kitchen was useable, so that was that. The bathroom would need to be refreshed but at least, he had hot water. Upstairs, two out of the three bedrooms were decent, only needing a new layer of paint on the walls. The furthest bedroom was different however. At first sight, it was alright, but a quick glance at the door, and you could see a hole left by someone's fist. He stepped in, and stood in the middle of the room. The walls were full of nails where torn pieces of paper were still attached to them. Judging by the numbers of them, the room must have been filled with posters, before being stripped away in a fit of rage. In the right corner, markings could be seen where a metal bed frame had forever scratched the walls. Castiel squinted his eyes and took a step closer. Right above the markings, his fingers reached out to touch what looked like bullet holes. Tiny holes unmistakably made by lead shot. He took a deep breath, and opened the window. Two letters carved on the frame caught his eyes: DW.
From which there is no return
He finished his coffee, and read the first page of Crowley's thesis, laughing as he realised it was just some nonsense, Fergus going on a rant about how ‘fries’ were actually ‘chips’ and ‘potato chips’ were ‘crisps’, and other non-important things. Castiel read about half of it, either laughing or rolling his eyes. He felt alright. It was a good day. And for the first time in months, he had read something, and enjoyed it.
“Anything to drink?”
“You’re the fellow who bought John's house right?”
“I... Maybe. I don’t know where that is though.” Cas let out a breath he didn’t he was holding in. Because that truly made him as well, not knowing the place, nor the people who would be there really.
“It was perfect!” Cas said almost solemnly.
days, I wished one those bodies were Dean’s! For closure! So I could carry on with my life, without double checking over my shoulder when a guy happens to wear a leather jacket! Ten years of stalking any bloody black Impala owner!” He was shouting, although not at any of them. At his brother. Always at his brother, the one who said he'll always be here for him, the one who told him he could fight the monsters under his bed, the one who drove him to school and defended him in town. The one who said it would all be alright. “Not a single phone call, no letters, no nothing in ten fucking years! Didn’t even come to the funeral of his own father! So what am I supposed to do now? I got my life in Wichita, my career, a house, my wife!” He groaned, the palms of his hands pressing over his eyes. “Fuck you Dean. Fucking...screw...you...brother...”
“Mr. Singer?” The man offered him his hand.
He rolled up his jeans, and there it was : a deep cut, hurting like a bitch. He thought the sharp pain he had felt came from jumping so quick back on his feet mixed with not being as young as he once used to be, but the bastard had bloody stabbed him. On one foot, and steadying himself with the aid of the car roof, he reached the trunk. From an unhygienic looking metal box, he grabbed a bottle of glue and some bandages. Nearby laid a bottle of rum of which he took off the lid with his teeth before pouring a generous amount on the wound. Trying to breath it out, he shook his leg. He turned and turned, trying to find the best position, and ended up lifting his left leg to prop it against the car and pivoted his torso the best he could to have a better reach.
Isn't filled with a gladness
The bartender re-filled Dean's glass again, stating it was on the house. Openly flirty, she whispered a “not bad" and let her hand fall next to his, winking.
“Will do.”
“Idjit.” The old man's eyes had a shadow before them,  his voice was shaking. Still standing, Cas reached out to the two bottles of spirits and placed them next to the postcard. Without a word, Bobby grabbed the whiskey, although Cas was not even sure he had checked the labels, and Bobby took the largest gulp he had ever seen a man drink. It was only then than Bobby took a closer look at the card.
“It’s fine. My fault for still being in bed at eleven.” Cas could hear his brother sitting on the edge of his bed.
“Boy, that’s one impressive trick right there.”
“Serves me right.”
Beer in hand, he scanned the room, getting more and more disappointed as no-one peaked his interest so far. There was definitely a nice looking dude by the jukebox, but the blond girl hanging from his arms was a clear indication Dean had no chance. Although, the idea of bedding the both of them was not unpleasant.
“Stay safe then. Check in tomorrow or I’ll kick your ass pretty boy.”
Dean had only stopped in Everett to feed Baby some fuel, and then drove  without looking back. He had been tired, exhausted, but he did not stop driving; he just wanted to get the hell out of Washington State, as if an imaginary line between two states could protect him. He was fairly certain that John would not cross half the country to try and find him, but fear was irrational and didn’t care for reason.
“You know my buddy Rufus? He owns a roadhouse near the garage. Good beer, nice music. Cheap.”
“Kid, wherever you might be, we drink to you! Stay safe!”
“I don’t think he does.”
The woman – who was not wearing a uniform, so Cas assumed she must have been the owner  - placed a bottle near Bobby and gave him a heart-warming smile.
“Over and out.”
“Yeah er... A beer will do, thanks.” He was not meant to mix his meds with booze, but one could easily argue that just the one beer was just flavoured fizzy water. The waitress nodded, the customer friendly smile fading away as she turned around. Castiel tapped his foot a few times, before letting his curiosity overtook him.
. Putting most of his weight on his right leg, he went back into the car, and looked for an already broken cassette case. Sliding of the Black Sabbath cover, he tried to break the plastic into in a thin rectangle, slid it in-between his broken fingers and bandaged the whole. It was good enough for the time being.
See you in the next one! Xx
Alistair smirked, confident that Dean knew how to play, yes, but he was not extraordinary at it. The group also let out a sigh of relief. On the table where Dean’s drink was still there and left untouched for a while, someone was writing down the score.
Small victories.
“Can’t believe that not even born yet, Dean already had a favourite dessert!” Sam laughed, swinging his beer around.
Castiel rolled his eyes but smiled nonetheless. “I had diner yesterday, and I might pop out to eat out later on. I am eating. Don’t worry.”
“The roadhouse?”
He dropped his head on the wheel, enraged and sobbing. He felt too much. Ten years. Ten goddamn years, driving across the whole country, living of some handy jobs and playing pool. Ten years, and all he had was a duffel bag of clothes, a few cassettes, journals and abandoned postcards. One was still under the plastic bag next to him, a painted version of the Space Needle in Seattle.
And just as planned, the next day Bobby was there. Sam had texted him the prior night, apologising for leaving like he did, and to let him know he was back safe and sound in Wichita. He was truly proud of Sam for becoming a lawyer, and apparently there was a new woman in his life, Eileen, and the kid seemed happy. Truly happy. So who could blame him for wanting to leave the past behind? And Sam had the chance to not know. And sometimes, some truths were better buried with a dead body. He just wished he could let go of the past as well. Instead, he just wished this key exchanged would be over so he could hit the counter before heading back to work at his garage. It took him years, but he had found the car he had been looking for, and he was restoring it at his own pace, not able to work on cars full time now that his back was killing him after a few minutes of being head deep in the bonnet. The 1968 Ford Mustang was one hell of a car, and he believed than within the next year, he would be able to drive it around. He had nothing left to do anyway... Karen had passed away eight years ago, now John was dead, Sam was all grown up making a life for himself in the big city and Dean... Dean.
“So he is alive.” It was a whisper, if not a cry. “Do you hear that John! Your son is alive!” he shouted at the house. And he laughed, almost out of vindication. “Bloody hell.” He stood up, the keys to his truck always lodge in his hand. “Alright son. Roadhouse it is. Forget the darts. Tonight, we celebrate, and I might just go piss on John's tomb.” Strangely, Cas actually laughed. “Come on, let’s move!”
The ball bumped the rail three times, following a diamond trajectory on the table, avoided all the balls before softly falling down the called pocket. The few people who had came to watch the game cheered and even Alistair patted Dean on the back.
“Dean loved that place. Used to say they nailed the meat/salad ratio in the burger.” Castiel frowned.
I'm laden with sadness
“Buuuuut?” Gabriel prompted, his teaspoon banging in the cup as he stirred his coffee making some unpleasant noises.
They carried out talking most of the night. How Dean used to sneak out of the house, borrowed his dad's car and drove girls to a corn field to ‘watch the stars’ as he used to say. How Sam could not find a job at the nearby gas station as a teen because as soon as the lady saw the name “Winchester", she had pulled out a rifle from under the counter. How Castiel had shocked a friend at college after asking if Spock was the dude from Star Wars, and had been forced to watch the six movies in one night, whilst his friend had summarized  decades of Star Trek lore. How Bobby found himself driving a very pregnant Mary Winchester down to Oklahoma because she craved something from that one specific place, and how it had been pie.
“This...” He handed over the postcard. “This came in today.” But Bobby did not take it, so Castiel let it fell on the table.
“Castiel is fine.” They shook hands. Cas had to admit Bobby did not exaggerate : Sam Winchester was indeed a tall, and large man, so much so that even the ridiculously big pile of waffles looked average now.
“It’s alright Bobby. Sorry, I was miles away.” He gestured him to grab a seat. “How’s the garage going?”
“Sounds good.” Bobby gave him the plate and Castiel stared at it.
And a massive thank you to SouthronWildling for being an amazing beta. No really, amazing job there, I'm lacking words to thank you. Which means that yes, this is the first beta'd chapter! *clap clap*
Castiel did not reply and instead run a hand in his face, looking anywhere but back at the man. He had not planned on the words getting stuck in his throat. Yet here he was, unable to speak. So instead he held a finger, and ran upstairs. Carefully, he retrieved the postcard from its nail. Panic running free through his veins, he walked back in the living room where Bobby had grabbed a sit on the sofa.
“Come on Dean! Carry on right? Carry on...” Helping himself by gripping the Impala, he stumbled back into the driver's seat. Fumbling into a wooden box, he pulled out a cassette and managed to put it on after a few tries. An arm across his eyes, he just let the music lull him. He drunkenly and lazily sang along. “He thought he was the King of America, where they pour Coca Cola just like vintage wine.” He turned the volume up. “Now I try hard not to become hysterical, but I’m not sure if I’m laughing or crying.” Elvis Costello always reminded him of his mum, who used to play the record late at night, enjoying it with a glass of wine. He wondered if she had ever been happy. “I wish that I could push a button, and talk in the past and not the present tense.” Maybe she was not. He couldn’t remember a lot, but she had smiled, every passing day, she had this bright smile of her when she was looking at him, like he had been the most precious thing in her world. And then she looked at John. “And watch this hurtin’ feeling disappear, like it was common sense.” John had this way of treating the one around him. Tough love some might call it. Other would squalify it as abusive, plain and simple. But no matter how you wished to call it, the results remained unchanged. “It was a fine idea at the time, now it’s a brilliant mistake.”
“Road 5. An hour away from Everett.” Dean stated plainly.
Hell to not getting emotionally involved. Even if it takes an other ten years, Dean shall have a home to come back to. Cas made it a promise. In his suit, elbow on the counter, beer in hand, Bobby and Rufus arguing over nothing that mattered, he felt like maybe, just maybe, for a split second, he belonged.
“ It was the darkest depths of Mordor. And I met a girl so fair.” He gave her his best charming smile. And she shook her head.
“You should have seen John the day he insulted Dean in front of her. I was elbow-deep in the motor of the Impala, and all I heard was a loud ‘Not under my roof, Winchester!’ and John ran out of the house, a black eye already forming. He looked at me, expecting me to ... I don’t know... tell off my wife or something.” He took a quick sneak peek at the waffles. “I asked him what did he tell her, and he said, ‘Told her to stop teaching Dean how to bake or he’     ll end up a fucking poof’. I closed the hood, threw his keys back at him, and told him to fuck off. Dean stayed over the whole week-end. When he went back to school on Monday, John was waiting for him and picked him up. I think the kid was about fourteen. We didn't see him for a month after that.” He slid two waffles on a plate and started a new batch. “Maple syrup?”
But something was strangely intimate in the thought of this runaway young adult, driving away in his stolen American classic, crossing the country to reach the unknown, a place which must have felt like he belonged. Only to think about home ten years later.
He ain't heavy, he's my brother.
“Dude, I’m fine.” Dean pinched his nose bridge. He wished his words sounded as sober as they were in his mind, but judging by the silence in the other side of the line, he was wrong.
“Sorry son!”
“Is everything alright?”
“Dean Winchester. A great kid. Hell, I say kid.... He would be thirty two now.”
He walked back inside, numb. His brain hurt, his chest was heavy. Footsteps trailing on the wooden floor, he made his way to the kitchen, right in time for his phone alarm to go off. With a groan, he turned it off and took his medication. He made a mental note to remember his appointment booked for in two weeks time to review his meds. They were going to increase the dosage. As usual. It was not that the anti-depressant were not working, but they weren’t magic beans either. And how was he supposed to work on getting better when every day was made of nauseous hours, sleepless night and exhaustion. It felt like healing one's mind cost one's body. In the mist coming off his mug, he smiled however : he had not only taken a shower yesterday, but also shaved and went to the laundromat. So yes, he allowed himself to smile, celebrating his own small victories.
....On occasion.
Charlie was right, he was safe from his father. But she was wrong : he was not
He followed the road signs for a few kilometres, and settled for the first diner he encountered, which seemed to be the only one around. He just wanted food, and couldn’t afford to be picky when he was this hungry any way, so he would explore the area an other day. He parked and entered, finding himself a nice table in the corner. When the waitress came over, he was lost in thoughts however, and she had to repeat the specials of the day. He went for the first she said, not completely aware of what he had just ordered.
“Yeah. Yeah I know.” Sombre, Castiel closed his eyes, a headache starting to pound in his temples. “I know you’re not like
Back on road, he felt like the night was still young. And maybe a bar brawl was what he was really looking for. Or a quick shag in a dodgy bar. Turning the music back up, he tried to remember which places he was still not banned from in the area. As he thought, he hummed along. “It's all the same. Only the name will change. Every day, it seems we're wasting away.” He was smiling, back on road 15. “An other place where the faces are so cold, I’ll drive all night to get back home.” He did not stop at the roadhouse on his right, pretty sure he was banned from that place. How he was meant to know the pretty brunette was the owner's daughter? She was more than capable of making her own choices as well, and she had made the first move. He smiled brighter. “I’m a cowboy! On a steel horse I ride!” Not this night club either. He was not banned per se, but he had nicely been asked to never come back after punching an old bigot over the counter. “I'm wanted! Dead or alive. Wanted dead or alive.”  He laughed to himself, Sammy’s voice still echoing into his ears. And he could see his brother's bitch face as if it was yesterday.
“I... I send a card back home. To dad.” Dean rolled the window down and grabbed his tobacco. “I don’t know why... I just... it was... at the time, it felt like a good idea.” Patting his jeans pockets, he groaned at the absence of his Zippo, before spotting it on the seat.
At half past six, Castiel was ready, pacing in the front room. He had texted Gabriel saying he was going out “with a friend". He couldn’t remember the last he had enjoyed an actual evening of socializing and each ticking minutes made him regret his choice. Gabriel had replied almost instantly :
“If you don’t like my prices, you’re more than welcome to never come back Singer!” Pam shout from behind the bar and Bobby laughed, soon joined by Cas. The old man stood up to order a beer for himself and chit-chatted with the two women for a while. Castiel really considered Bobby's offer, but a knot was starting to form in his stomach. He had to tell him about Dean. And a roadhouse, or the diner in fact, didn’t feel like the right place.
“Complicated, I know. Ok, think about it like that: you can send as many things as you want, it doesn’t mean you are either going home or thinking about going home. Plus, he can never answer right? You have no address where he could find you. So if it feels like you have things you have yet to tell your old man, then knock yourself out. It won’t hurt you, and it might just hurt him but for one, he saw it coming. And second, he can’t find you Dean. You’re safe. You hear me, you’re safe.” Dean did not answer. “You’re gonna go on a bender isn’t it?”
“Yeah... just wished she would have been around long enough for me to try it.” The laughter had faded. Some conversations take years to be spoken, others are buried six feet under, forever. And Sam hoped that, maybe, enough time had passed for them to discuss the fate of his mother. “It was a car accident, wasn’t it, Bobby?” Despite his size, Sam looked like a lost kid when he spoke.
Tw for mention of abuse, mention of death and alcohol consumption.
“Just had a drink. I’m fine.” Dean glanced at the bottle, before his eyes trailed on the postcard, so he moved the plastic bag slightly to hide it from his  sight, snatching a piece of beef in the process.
He was standing up only thanks to the wall, his back painfully slamming against it. He could not describe his feelings. Anger, yes. But also joy, sorrow, betrayal, and peace. If he closed his eyes long enough, he could almost hear his brother’ snarky voice.
“Well... maybe...don’t be a stranger Dean? ‘Right, peace out!” Charlie left the place, leaving Dean alone with his latte. He felt strangely good however. Lighter.
-Violence
A honk in street startled him. His heart strangely heavy, he left the bedroom, and felt the need to close the door behind him. The truck was waiting for him outside, and a few men started to bring boxes inside. There was no turning back.
“Castiel Novak...yes.” Cas thanked the waitress as she brought the beer over. “I take it John was a friend of yours then?” He took a sip.
.” His voice was almost just a whisper. Silence fell in the room, a deafening silence, and then Castiel cringed when the table went flying, plates and bottles crashing on the floor. Sam stared at it, as if he didn’t mean to kick it. His eyes were red, his fists were clenched so tight his knuckles were white. “Ten fucking years! Ten years of checking the obituary every morning, all across the country! Ten years of fucking visiting John Does’ bodies, hoping every time I would not identify my own brother’s body! And you know what Bobby? Some days, some
“Usual?” Jo asked, not even bothering to grab a pen and a pad.
“Mr Singer!” The man drinking a cold one at the counter turned around and raised an eyebrow. Castiel pointed at the seat opposite him and invited him to his table. Reluctantly, the old man joined him.
Cas found himself nodding along to the rhythm, and he quite enjoyed the voice, high pitched but strangely low, quite peculiar in its own way. And when he arrived in the parking lot of the diner, he realised he didn’t want to kill the engine just yet. Instead, he stayed there, listening, actually listening to it. When the song came to an end, he felt a certain feeling of satisfaction, a light feeling in his chest. Whatever it was, he felt something. And he loved it. A break into the monotony of the nothingness which was his soul.
Completely zoned out, Castiel didn’t see the man standing near his table right away, and he almost spilled his beer when the man cleared his throat.
“Kid turned 28, no big deal.” And Benny would have believed him, if it was not for Dean's voice cracking.
Trigger warning :
Of love for one another
(See the end of the chapter for
jar,  came back down holding the jar and took off. ‘I know right? One clever badger. Better put a lock on that door, he told her!” The three men burst out laughing, sitting on the porch. The night had since fallen but the air was warm, or maybe it was just the alcohol.
Dean ran for the back exit, only to stop midway through the door by an arm across his chest, swiping him of his feet. Grunting, he turned and stood up on his knees, holding a single finger up.
Welcome back for a Dean POV chapter!
The porch had been roughly cleaned up by Bobby and Sam, although some bottles could be spotted here and there. Cas decided it would be his task of the day : to clean the porch. Small victories.
His stomach gave him the answer, a quick fix in his life. He needed something to eat. Taking his meds on an empty stomach was never a good idea, but it was not like he cared anyway. At least it made him feel something.  He grabbed his trench coat and the keys to his Lincoln Continental. He had been told his car was a head turner, proper American classic but to him, it had just been four wheels still rolling. He almost hated that car actually. It never felt like him, or didn’t feel like him anymore. It was a gift though, and you are meant to keep those. So here he was, thirty five years old and still driving the same car he used to at sixteen. The problem with gifts however, is that they are a forever reminder of who gave them to you.
“Yeah yeah.” Dean hanged up and threw his phone on the rear bench seat. It was a big deal. They would not be counting how many years had Dean be gone now... they would say a decade. A whole fucking decade.
Bobby started a new batch and cleared his throat. “Just sayin' kid, you don’t have to hide yourself here.” The old mechanic suddenly looked anywhere but at Castiel, visibly uneasy. Cas tilted his head slightly, not certain of what the old man meant, to which Bobby sighed, if not growled. “Gay, bi, or else you know. We're cool with it. The town I mean.” Cas could see the conversation was taking a lot from Bobby. After all, heartfelt chit-chat was not something they did in Lawrence, Kansas. No. Here, the people drank, laughed loudly in the back yards and gunned down cans for fun.
“Sweet ride. You got balls, gotta gives that to you.” Almost saddened though, she continued, “I’ve got to go though.” She stood up and offered him her hand. “May I at least get a name?”
“So kid, what about you? Why choose this place, when clearly you’re one of those highly educated guys who thinks a suit is an appropriate outfit to go to a  roadhouse?”
“One beer and a burger!” Pam exclamed, enthusiastically putting the order on the table. She placed her hand on Castiel’s shoulder and patted it a few times. Strangely, he did not mind. Again, he felt like he mattered, genuinely. “How have you been? Liking Lawrence so far?”
Castiel laughed along with them. “At least your brother tried to defend you! Gabriel once ate all the cookies my mom had made for church and as soon she asked him where they were all gone, he pointed at me with his most innocent face! I had to go through a three hour long sermon about gluttony, and the next Sunday , the priest scolded me in front of everybody and for years, I was known as the cookie monster.... I don’t even like cookies.”
They agreed and shook hands. Dean turned back to grab his keys and knocked down his second drink. The bartender shook her head. “You stupid man. Say buy to your car.” She mumbled, annoyingly drying some glasses. For only reply, Dean winked at her, earning an interested raised eyebrow. She put the glass down, and threw the towel on her shoulder. “Impress me then.” She re-filled his glass and followed his new pool buddy.
Stopping abruptly on the unlit side of the road, he hopped out and used the torch on his phone to have a better look at his calf.
His left index and middle fingers had doubled in size and were already turning blue. He hissed through gritted teeth.
Ps : I did change the title, from To be a Rock and not to Roll to "On the road, so far".
“Dean?” Cas asked.
“Dean!”
“Hey Benny. How's life?” Dean tuned down the music, and wash down his mouth with some more booze.
“Dorothy and I just came back from a trip to Montana. Life's good!”
. One of his favourite collection of poems. He would read it again. One day. But for the time being, he focused on enjoying his drink, watching people come and go, voices raising from tables around him and just, being a spectator. It was like taking a break, using the world as his personal theatre, mesmerized by the actors around him. Escaping reality by turning it into a moving picture to enjoy.
“I just wish you would care for yourself as much as you care for the world you know. Just a thought.” Gabriel drank his coffee in three large gulps. He was not one for deep conversation, life was too serious to be taken seriously after all, but he loved his little brother, truly. And he had learnt that sometimes, Castiel needed to hear it. So Gabriel would put the brotherly banter aside for a just a second. “You’ve eaten today?”
When Castiel woke up that day, he groaned, struggling to stand up. From the floor, he grabbed his grey dressing gown and made his way downstairs. He kept wondering what would his life be if he had a pet, a cat to take care of. It would be nice. Machinelike, he made himself a cup of tea. He should call Gabriel later on, at least to let his brother know he was alright.
In the inside pocket of his coat, he had started to carry a book with him. In case the urge to read something would overflow him throughout his day. To not miss the opportunity. And as he licked some tomato ketchup from his thumb, he decided to take it out, and placed it on the table in front of him. Even though reading it was not on his mind, he smiled at the view, remembering to himself he had the choice.
“Right. Thanks for the money. Time to roll!” They shook hand again, and Dean winked one last time at the bartender, proudly showing off his car keys still in his possession.
“I’m fine. I’m always fine.” That's what he is supposed to say right? Benny, however, knew better than to stop at just that. He had always been really perceptive for these things, and during the year they had spent together, Benny had been the first person Dean had opened up to, about his life, his past. They were not in a relationship  per se, just the occasional fuck buddies, but when it all became too serious, too domestic, Dean had ran away again. And Benny had let him. Because he knew Dean needed it. But even after all this time, he was still checking up on him. They were brothers at heart, united by their mutual shit show which was their life.
“No...yes. Maybe? It’s...”
“Son, we don’t do things like that around here. We deal with our shit our own way. And no one cared at the time anyway... institutions I mean. Believe me or not, these two kids were better at home than in government care. It was the 80’s, y'know. Different times. So yeah, Dean had been crying all night. Not you though, you had always been a strangely quiet baby. Anyway, John asked her to shut him up, so she put on her coat, jumped into the Impala with Dean in the backseat, hoping driving around would soothe him. It usually worked. On the main road, a drunk driver swerved towards her, hitting the side of the car. She lost control and ...crashed into a telephone pole. She died at the scene. The car was a wreck, and Dean was still crying, but this time, we all knew why.”
“Yup. Ran away,
He exhaled loudly and pushed the door open. In all fairness, it could have been worse : it was still four walls with a roof, but compared to what he had been used to, it was...rundown to be polite. He hanged his trench coat on the banister and let out a sigh. Running a hand through his already overly messing dark hair, he contemplated the empty space. A few rays of sunshine were piercing through the closed blinds, and he dropped his body on the stairs, burying his face in his hands. How the almighty had fallen, he bitterly laughed to himself. Once he was able to regain his composure, he finally texted Gabriel.
“Leaves are falling all around.” He dropped back slightly from the truck in front of him. “It's time I was on my way.” He brought his arm back inside, and overtook the long vehicle  head bobbing along. “Thanks to you  I’m much obliged, for such a pleasant stay.” When he was back in lane, he went back to his cruising position, not without grabbing a piece of beef jerky from the plastic bag on his side. “But now it’s time for me to go, the autumn moon lights my way.” He sped up slightly, enjoying the almost empty road. “ For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it’s headed my way.” Two hands now on the wheel, he straightened up slightly. “aah, sometimes I grew so tired, but I know I’ve got one thing I got to do.” ... his hand drummed on the wheel, now shooting as the Impala rolled without ever planning to stop. “Ramble on! And now’s the time! The time is now, to sing my song!” He felt free. He felt good. He felt like nothing mattered. “I’m goin’ ‘round  the world, I got to find my girl!” he patted the Impala lovingly, a sad smile almost making it through to his lips. “On my way!”, he swallowed, head bobbing less enthusiastically. “I’ve been this way ten years to the day.” He chuckled, confused by the burning feeling in his eyes and the dust trapped in his throat. Broken voiced, he cried :”Ramble on! I gotta find the queen..of...”, he turned off the radio and pulled on the side of the road, earning a few angry honks in the process.
“Is this... is this why it was hard to say goodbye to the house ... in case Dean comes back?”
Dean downed his whiskey, and walked to the pool table. He cleared the table with no foul, whistling along to the background music. He racked the balls again and broke it, calling 13. And made it.
Dean smiled. “I don’t stay very long in the same place anyway. No need to worry.” They cheered.
“Son, you ain’t had a proper Lawrence experience until you’ve tried my waffles,” Bobby said, plugging in the machine. Castiel smiled at the old man, quite excited about breakfast, which had not happened in...as far as he could remember. Breakfast had never been an important meal of the day in his life, usually because he was left on his own in the morning before school and never bothered, and the habit had carried on later in life.
“Not yet. I’m gonna propose next month.” He smiled, one of those smiles only love can birth. “I was gonna tell you today as well. I’d love you to finally meet her. Eileen is... she's...”
He recognised the neon sign and parked in the lot. Keys in hand, he checked his hair one last time in the side mirror, straighten his shirt, and walked right in.
“She got you both kids a badger teddy for Christmas that year!”
Why not share
He ran through the pile of letters of the day : water bill. Gas...Electricity meter change appointment. Something about the city council. And... a postcard. Castiel instinctively looked up but there was no-one around. Why would there be. He turned it around, his eyes trying to decipher the rushed writing. But two letters could not be misread. DW.
His eyes kept looking at the ceiling, towards Dean's room. His heartbeat was out of control. No matter how many times he played a scenario in his mind, he could not figure out how would Bobby react. So he had stopped on the way back and bought a bottle of whiskey, a bottle of rum and a pack of beer. Whatever the old man needed, Cas hoped he could provide it.
Sam stared at the old mechanic. “No.”
Quickly, the rumour spread. In the hustling word, Winchester was known. Famous or infamous, depending where you stood. He was known to be stupidly good, not only at playing, but at tricking people into believing he was harmless with a cue. But it had never been an issue for Dean : people who didn’t know him were gladly playing, and people who knew who he was were taking it as a personal challenge to beat him, which usually meant even higher bets. It was a win-win.
That everyone's heart
Dean almost crawled to the trunk of his car, and grabbed some whiskey he always kept on him. From his brown leather jacket, he grabbed a pouch of overly dried tobacco, wrinkled rolling paper and some cardboard. He rolled his cigarette, hand shaking. Grunting, he threw away the paper, wet from the remain of his tears on his finger tips. He took a large gulp of whiskey and moaned at the burning feeling down his throat, numbing himself. Rolling the zippo on his jeans, he lit on his cigarette, and just stayed there, on the side of the road, cars and trucks passing too close to him, dust making him disappear for a slip seconds in the face of the world.
The writing became smaller and smaller as it went and his initials were squeezed at the bottom of the card. Castiel took a deep breath, trying not to let himself be overwhelmed by whatever he was feeling. Do not get emotionally involved.
“Just shut up you fag!” Dean growled when the second man fisted his hair, bringing him to his knees. “You’re gonna swallow my dick like the good slut you are. Open up.” The first man unzipped his trousers, and released his already hard cock.
A whole lotta love to y'all xx
“I know the feeling.” Bobby nodded, his eyes filled with the memory of his wife. Under his beard, the same smile could be seen.
“And she could not bake them either, I heard.” Sam carried on.
Charlie looked at him, jaw clenched. He had imagined a multitude of reactions but not this. She was angry. Fuming even.
“Heya Sam. Thanks for coming.” He prompted the younger brother inside. Sam looked around, worried something was wrong. He stopped when he saw a suited man sitting on the sofa, a plate of waffles before him.
“Kid was a natural behind the wheel. And he looked so happy doing so! Was so quick at picking up on the mechanic too...hanged around my garage since he was knee high. Could change a wheel when he was ten.” Castiel had listened to it all, imagining this kid now a grown man, still smiling on road, as if each drive was his first taste of freedom.
Tw : Alcohol. Mention of violence. Mention of death.
. We're good.”
On the dashboard, a blank postcard was waiting to be scribbled on.
“Alright...Castiel. What...,” Sam scanned the room, his eyes moving from one man to the other, “What did you ask me down here for Bobby? Is everything alright with the house? I had it checked before putting it on for sale, so if there’s any issues, we’d have to check with the company who took-"
Sam stood up, a hand on his hip, the other running through his hair. “He can't...
“I left him in the past. There’s no seeing him again. Ran away you see. I’m a passenger, and I ride and I ride.” Through the window, he glanced at the Impala parked in the street.
Ten years. There was something which had to be done. Dean turned at the first given chance he had, and drive through a small town which looked like so many he had travelled through already. Parking near the first shop he saw, he bought a postcard. A pastel mountain where the letters were reading Seattle, each of them filled up with a drawing of the city best assets. It was tacky, cheap, and he didn’t care for the card did not matter. On the front of the Impala, he laid it down, before coming back with a pen which was pinned on one of his journals.
“Good. Great. It’s running y’know. Same old. I just wanted to check with you: there’s a dart game at the roadhouse tonight. Care to join us?” Cas thought about it. Over the last month, Bobby and himself had because close acquaintance, if not friends. Cas found in Bobby a father figure he didn’t know he had craved all his life, and it seemed Bobby missed having the Winchester kids around, and was thankful to have Cas instead.
Finishing his beer tough, Castiel only had one remaining thought : Dean Winchester, the man who left, to never come back.
He yawned and called it a night, crashing on his mattress disgracefully.  On the floor, his eyes caught the sight of his pill bottle, and body as heavy as a dead cow, he reached out, and swallowed two of them, not without bashing himself for almost forgetting. He had not heard his alarm though, and before he could try to remember where his phone was, he had fallen asleep.
bottle?” The roadhouse was like frozen in time. All it took was one slight nod from Bobby and everybody erupted in cries of joy, jumping in each other's arm. On the counter, Rufus aligned a few shot glasses, and filled them up with the content of a rum bottle which had accumulated about...ten years of dust. He handed them around, before making his way to Bobby and Cas.
After almost an hour and about to call it a night, the bartender placed a martini in front of him, saying it was from the gentleman over there. Dean turned and upon checking him out, raised his glass as a thank you, not without a cheeky wink only he had the secret of. The man leaned toward his friend and whispered something, and the both of them erupted in a gravelly laugh. Dean's eyes got caught by the shimmer of the blade the dude was guarding near his thigh.
He wrote the Lawrence address, hating himself for still remembering it after all this time. Home. He was writing home. He dropped the postcard in the letterbox, and drive out of the parking lot. On a small country road, he stopped. Downed the rest the bottle and fell asleep. His radio was taunting him.
. He went to change gear and shouted in pain, almost losing control of the car.
Side note : drink responsibly eh? *opens an other can of beer* do what I say, not what I do. *sighs*
Most of the boxes went upstairs in the first bedroom, which he hoped to convert into his office. Apart from a worn out sofa, a stained mattress and a few boxes of clothes, he only owned books. A lot of them. It was his life, and his job after all. Any white goods and other furniture belonged to the flat he had rented, and it’s only upon seeing the big empty house being just as empty with his things inside that he realised he was missing something. Something bigger than nice upholstery.
He shook her hand. “Dean.”
“Oh boy. See, that’s what you get for never texting!” She giggled. But truth be told, she really missed him as well. They had met in a record shop down in Chicago, Illinois. Dean had been browsing mindlessly, killing time mostly, and Charlie was actually doing the same. She had had an hour to kill before the official visiting hour at the hospital to see her mom, so she had walked in any shop which had picked her interest. And a cheesy pick up line had started it all, about five years ago.
Castiel woke up groggy, certain his hangover would hit him fully if he tried to standup. But he was also dying for some coffee and a big glass of water. With a great lack of motivation, he made it downstairs , turned on the kettle and prepared an instant coffee. He couldn’t care less about the taste at  this point, and if he could he would just have injected caffeine straight to his vein. Moaning around the mug, he decided to sit on the porch, getting some sunshine on his skin. But before opening the door, he tilted his head and turned around. Slightly more awake, he walked back up to his office, and snatched Crowley's thesis.
“Why did you call anyway?” Dean changed the subject, fishing out a bottle of water from the bag.
Who would have thought leaving was easier than coming back? He kept trying to convince himself that it had not had been this bad. His childhood was rough, tough, but maybe he was just the one being too weak. Couldn’t be his father's perfect son. He failed at something as easy as just existing in his dad's eyes. But he understood. How could he ever compare to Sam. Sammy. Always the clever one. The one with a bright future. Not a disgrace to the Winchester’s name. So he understood his father.  And if he had stayed that long in Lawrence, it had been only for Sammy. He could not run away on his brother when he was still just a kid, so he had waited for him to turn eighteen. Hell, he even spent years earning, saving enough money so his brother could go to college, secure his futire before taking off forever. He just wanted Sammy to escape their hometown the right way. Because of course John would never have cared about post-graduate education, old bastard was too busy drinking and beating the shit out of him.
He liked it when such an evening was going smoothly. Unfortunately, more often than not, it was ending in a bar brawl when it was time to collect the cash. Not that he minded using his fists, not at all actually, but sometimes, some piece and quiet was great.
Cas mumbled a soft thank you, before picking up the postcard from the floor, dusting off some of the crumbs that had landed on it. Sam sat back next to him, the truth only then sinking in properly. His brother was alive, and willing to contact them. And for a short moment, he let himself dream about  his wedding day, where Dean would embarrass him during his best man speech before demolishing the buffet.
“Don’t. I know...I know you care brother. But sometimes, you care too much. This...don’t get involved...emotionally involved in this. Just tell the people it might concern that the dude is alive, and don’t overthinking it. And if this man ever comes knocking on your door, then just tell him the truth. House has been sold, and direct him to someone else. “ It had always been like that. All their life. Gabriel was so detached about everything, almost as if nothing could ever bother him, not even a little. On the other hand, Cas had always been too caring, about all and nothing, even if it was something insignificant.
“No no no but the best part was :  even though I had jam all around my mouth and even in my hair, Dean looked at Karen straight in the eyes saying a badger had broke into the cellar, climbed on top of the shelf, grabbed just
Castiel chuckled. “Whose blood?”
"See? I knew you'd love it."
By the time Castiel had gotten everyone to bed, his thoughts were muddled by concern and doubt. He decided he needed to find out if there really was a legend associated with his property, if only to explain to his kids and protect them from misinformation. He went to bed extremely preoccupied, and had disturbing dreams that involved the attic and several small coffins propped up against the wall. It was past midnight when he finally fell into a deep, unencumbered sleep.
Dean flashed him a grin. “No problem. I was free this morning anyway.” He was wearing a black shirt and jeans that seemed a little too tight for plumbing work, but he had a toolbox with him and looked ready to get started.
For a moment they didn’t move, they just breathed against each other’s lips, and then Castiel’s eyes closed. He closed his lips over Dean’s, and Dean’s lips seemed to move of their own accord. He kissed Castiel slowly, gently, and he was surprised when he felt Castiel move his hand off of Dean’s chest and cradle Dean’s face. It was like Castiel couldn’t figure out if Dean was really there. Dean pulled Castiel closer under the covers and kissed him back into the pillows. When Castiel didn’t resist, but rather pulled Dean’s face closer, Dean opened the kiss and leaned into him.
“Hm. So naughty, Sam. I could tease you like this for hours and you’d love every second of it, wouldn’t you?” Crowley breathed.
An excited shock went through the kids. Even Charley looked thrilled. Castiel chuckled.
“So good, Dean. I’m giving you a reward for that.” Gabriel purred.
"Gloria, cancel my appointments for the rest of the day."
Ed and Harry laughed. Maggie rolled her eyes in the back.
Castiel rushed out of his office and ran up the stairs. All the lights were on in the hallway, and  Claire, Kaia, and Gabe were standing facing the landing. They were bickering wildly. Claire and Kaia looked shaken and Gabe was clearly winded.
“Oh god, Cas, Cas...”
Gabriel sighed. He looked a kid who was just denied dessert. “Fine! I’ll just take these talented hands elsewhere...” He gave Dean a playful look.
https://i.ibb.co/sWtwSw9/dcbb-divider.png
“Control it, Dean. Fight it!”
Crowley was finally satisfied. He let Sam down and began gently untying him. Sam had gone completely slack, but Crowley’s inhuman strength proved more than capable of supporting him. Crowley whispered in his ear the whole time, telling Sam how good he was, how much Crowley was going to treat him again the next night. And the night after that. And after that…
There it was. Just when Dean thought Sam had actually submitted. Dean smirked. Luckily for Sam, Dean loved breaking him in.
They ignored her, so she threw a small rock at them.
Still holding Meg, Castiel said angrily, “Some kid at daycare told Meg…” Castiel glanced at his daughter for a moment. Seeing that she wasn’t crying anymore, he went on in a slightly more controlled but no less angry voice, “they said someone died in our house and now it’s haunted.”
After a few minutes of tortuously slow, indulgent licking, Dean swallowed Sam’s cock into his mouth, making Sam’s expression melt.
“Hey.”
For SPN Kink Bingo and SPN ABO Bingo.
Castiel almost dribbled coffee down his chest. He recovered at the last moment and tried to look casual. At last, he replied, “You’re not… you’re not really an electrician.”
“Green shots. They’re great for the immune system, brain function, and hopefully the taste will take our minds off of...” Dean didn’t really want to finish that sentence, so he rose his in cheers and gulped it down.
“Yeah,” Dean laughed again.
Dean’s eyebrows rose and he gave the stove a look of longing. “Oh baby.”
“Really? Goddamnit, Dean!” Sam exclaimed.
Dean nodded. He looked over to see Sheriff Mills, Castiel, and his family all coming to see him. When Castiel reached Garth, Garth looked to him for confirmation.
Once Castiel could safely pull out, he and Balthazar collapsed onto the bed together. And although it was very sexy having Castiel’s cum seeping out of his ass, Balthazar took care of their messes with a snap of his fingers.
Dean sighed heavily. He pulled the covers back, making Castiel glance over at him. He watched in bleary-eyed confusion as Dean laid down beside him and stared resolutely at the wall opposite the bed.
“Only for you, Clarence.”
force you this down your throat.”
"Well, welcome home, Felix," Castiel sighed.
The cabin sat on the outskirts of Derby along the Little Arkansas River. It was a beautiful spot. The house was a two-story, log cabin home with plenty of space. Throughout the week a surprising amount of people came by to deliver food, groceries, and children’s supplies. He met more of his neighbors from Elmwood than when he’d been living there. Castiel found himself going from grief for his home to gratitude for his town’s generosity. It was somewhat exhausting.
Dean sat down, looking interested.
. “Woah, no no no… I just… that’s Sex Pistols.” Dean collected himself, “You have a Sex Pistols tattoo.”
Dean. And by the sound of it, Dean had no problem with this. Castiel felt Dean’s legs cross over his back, urging him on. Soon they were both groaning, no longer able to meet each other’s lips. Dean began panting Castiel’s name and Castiel could tell it was a warning. Castiel upped the pace, feeling the warmth in him expanding powerfully, threatening to overtake him. Dean’s hands held tight around Castiel’s shoulders as he muttered strings of encouragement into his ear.
“...a s...on…”
“That’s it Sam.” Crowley sighed, “You’re all mine. Mind, body, and soul.” Crowley’s eyes flashed red for a moment, and Sam could practically feel his own soul aching to be devoured by Crowley.
Castiel looked up hopefully.
Dean held back a smile, “Oh, and I’m going to look up what a ‘slag’ is when we get back.”
Sam’s eyes fluttered and he gasped Dean’s name, his head swimming in submissive ecstasy.
"Mother!"
“Is everything okay with the sink?”
“But then I thought, ‘Nah. Only a real dick would do that.” Gabriel stopped just short of Sam, grinning wickedly, “I’ll just fuck with them instead.’”
Sam Wesson, Dean Smith, Gabriel is a little shit, Humor, Smut, Office Kink
“Soul eaters.” Sam said distractedly, “They uh… oh. Shit. T...they lure their victims into the nest and… jesuschrist.”
“Sticky Nut Juice.”
"Hey." Sam looked exhausted.
“Thanks,” he rumbled.
The Shurleys awoke late on Sunday morning. Jack had already made coffee when Castiel got up. They were similarly tousle-haired and bleary-eyed. They talked at the table for a while, but Castiel still couldn’t bring himself to tell Jack about the house. He felt ashamed of himself. He wanted to talk to him about Dean Winchester, too, but the thought of that made him feel even worse. He knew Jack could tell something was on his mind, though.
"You know what?" Dean picked up the sword and rounded on the demon. The demon gave a startled shout before Dean decapitated him. His fell to the floor with dull ‘thud’.
“That’s it, Sam. How’s it feel?” Crowley rasped.
Sam groaned and wept precum onto his stomach, arching harder than ever.
Dean didn’t let go of him. He looked more serious than Castiel had ever seen him. Castiel tried to relax, but he could feel the tightness in his expression giving him away.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “Oh, is that all?” He joked.
Sam looked up from his plate, which he was devouring despite his assertions that no meal needed that much tabasco sauce.
“Actually, I’ve been meaning to ask,” Dean said, his tone surprisingly gentle. “There’s another festival going on this weekend. I think it’s Harvest Fest or something. Do you uh… well, do you and your kids want to go?”
.” He said with a straight face.
“Sam? Are you…ill? You’re sweating.”
Something felt wrong. Both of them looked at each other as they heard heavy footsteps race up the stairs.
“It’s just… Dean is so, so good at intercourse...”
The engine turned off at last and the driver’s door slammed shut. A man in his mid to late thirties walked around the van, squinting in the afternoon sunlight. He had the facial lines of a slightly fatigued man, but he seemed gentle and good-natured. He opened the sliding side door while his boys roughhoused over Felix’s container.
Dean didn’t argue. He could tell he’d overstayed his welcome. He licked his lips, then left the supplies on the kitchen counter and bid Castiel farewell. Shame swelled in Castiel’s chest as he watched him go.
“No, I don’t think he wants…”
"I gotta uh… go find Gabriel. Take care of a thing," he said quietly.
“Ugh!”
“You call me the demon, but angels?” He gave a rough laugh as Castiel double-checked Dean’s restraints. “You’re just as bad. Look what you did, Cas. You ruined everyone’s lives. Sam’s, Jimmy’s, mine. We’re both monsters! You belong in this trap, right by my side!”
Dean grinned. “We did it.” He spotted Charley’s pale face amidst Castiel’s kids and said, “You did good, Charley. You all did. It’s finally over.”
“While you screw
Castiel passed him a mug of steaming coffee. Dean took a grateful sip and set the mug down beside him.
Cain removed the blindfold, then tipped Dean’s chin up with the end of the rod. Cain was smiling darkly. Dean knew he looked a mess, but he didn’t care. He felt like his body was hovering above his restraints, like a helium balloon trying to bob against the ceiling.
“Hey!” Claire called after them. She could tell it was a person but she couldn’t see them. She could hear their footsteps fading down the path. Claire began maneuvering her way through the foliage when the sound of male voices made her stop abruptly.
Sam’s legs trembled. His position suddenly felt that much more exposing. Gabriel had put him in the perfect position to let load after load of his cum fill Sam’s ass.
Dean smiled. Castiel thought he saw his green eyes water.
Dean and Garth exhaled in relief.
Cain tapped the swollen head.
It seemed that Sam was more than pretty looks, plaid, and stupidly unwavering determination. He had a secret need he kept bottled up in his daily life, and Gabriel was determined to free it.
“Yes, please.” Jack said, still bear-hugging Claire as he attempted to follow after Castiel.
Once they hunt was over, they didn’t made it three feet into the bunker before they were making out, hard and severe against a storage cabinet. Sam was always Ketch’s favorite. Sure, Dean was hostile and aggressive with the mouth of a sailor, suggesting he’d be quite the bed mate. But Ketch had a secret fetish for damaged goods, and Sam was the perfect balance of broken yet unbreakable that made Ketch want to see just how far he could bend him.
He thought about it. “I’m not sure. The legends have gotten a bit out of hand. It’s hard to know what the truth is anymore. Some suggest Mrs. Bishop was actually a demon. All I know is that I handled her and her two children after they were found, and no legend could ever be as horrible as the real thing.”
Destiel
Jack and Charley helped cook dinner while Gabe and Claire played dinosaurs with Meg. Castiel still felt numb and distant as they all sat down to eat, but the warm, cheesy soup and friendly conversation finally seemed to bring him back to earth. Soon he was laughing and talking with the rest of his family. He knew he’d have to talk to Jack about what was really happening in the house, especially if Jack was going to stay the night, but surely it could wait a bit longer.
“Yeah… that story is so not as interesting as whatever it was you were dreaming about.” He teased.
Soon it seemed not even Crowley could control himself. His hips were slapping against Sam’s ass and Sam was groaning. Crowley lit up his every nerve, sending spark after spark into the most sensitive parts of his body, until Sam’s cock was throbbing and begging to come.
Sam couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He stood there, torn between shock at Gabriel’s thoughtfulness and his insanity.
It was a terrible, wonderful smell—The smell of death, and resurrection. Of renewal, and of life.
Kaia smiled reluctantly. “What are you going as?”
“It’s probably that creepy girl down the street,” Claire said. “The one who’s always spying on us.”
There it was. The case. Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Can’t we do both?” Gabriel offered, leaning over Sam. He shared a kiss with him, loving the combined taste of Sam on his lips and tongue, “Trust me.” He purred.
“Cas, I am… so high right now.”
Dean’s smile surprised Castiel.
“If you won’t rest, then I’m gonna make you rest.” He said simply.
It took a while for Ketch to get Sam loosened up (“And you call
“Thank you,” Dean said.
Sam licked his lips nervously. He thought for sure he was going to the metal frame, but he wasn’t complaining. This was so messed up. And yet, Sam got pleasure from the fact that Crowley set this up whenever he asked. Sam didn’t care who bottomed or topped, not when Crowley stared at him like that, wiping down his sex toys. He lived for Crowley’s subtle, burning glances. Sam was surprised he hadn’t caught fire by now.
Mortimer gave him a moment.
Dean was growing suspicious. Was he losing his mind, or were things moving around the bunker of their own accord?
“What are you doing?”
“That’s kind of you,” Castiel said in surprise. He only then realized how messy the kitchen was and how ungroomed he looked, despite being dressed for work. “It was a busy morning.”
This amazing pronouncement was met with watery smiles from the kids, and even Garth. It seemed that none of them felt the full gravity of seeing Meg again until that moment.
“Not in this body.” Sam quirked a brow, still smirking, “And it’s a pretty
Dean looked strangely serious. Castiel felt embarrassed.
“Can you take one more, baby?”
Once Charley was happily eating his eggs and toast, Castiel found the card given to him by Dean Smith and called it. To Castiel’s delight Dean was awake and offered to come by right away. Castiel made an extra pot of coffee and, when Charley, Gabe, and Claire had finished their breakfasts and asked to take their bikes out and explore the neighborhood, Castiel agreed, if only to have a somewhat conducive environment for Dean to work. Meg stayed behind, so Cas set her up with some finger paints and a big sheet of paper on the living room floor. By the time she was engrossed in painting what looked like a hotdog with fangs, Castiel heard a familiar car engine roaring down the road.
But then there was Dean.
Harry glanced around then leaned in. “Look, we’re basically experts on this house. We’ve been researching it for years,” he said in a stage whisper, “The thing that resides here, it’s uh, it’s pretty nasty.”
Dean tried to block him out.
Sam writhed, unable to throw Dean off. Dean knew fully well that Sam probably could have if he really tried. It flared Dean’s arousal, filling him with purpose.
The kids were all in costumes, and some of the adults had joined in on the fun. Jody had been bullied into wearing a matching greaser outfit with Donna after Donna learned that Jody was planning on going as an ‘off-duty sheriff’. They had both changed however and were laughing beside Garth in the hot tub. Garth’s wife Bess was holding their infant daughter, Gertie, who was watching the bubbles with unveiled curiosity. They’d arrived as Shaggy and Velma, with Gertie in a tiny Scooby-Doo costume.
Castiel looked away from him at once, but Dean continued.
for beta-ing!
“What the hell, Dean?” Sam gawked at him.
“Wha—!” Gabe spluttered.
Dean had gotten Meg to stop singing, but the silence didn't last long.
“Great,” Castiel smiled, all suspicion forgotten. “What do I owe you?”
“Salt?” Spruce said, “Are we making a sandwich?”
Sam’s jaw stiffened slightly. “Dad.”
Gabriel is determined to make Sam pay attention to him. For SPN Bingo.
In the chaos of the morning everyone had forgotten about Jack coming over, and there was a wave of renewed excitement.
Sam’s carnality never broke over, though. Sam had more self-control than most angels Castiel knew; more than Castiel, anyway…
Dean made another desperate sound, and Sam knew he was close. Sam stroked and fucked him, holding him down tight, until Dean was seizing up and gasping.
“I think it would be best if you saw someone else.”
Dean shook his head in amusement.
Then Cain found his feet. He tested the rod against Dean’s stretched soles, making Dean jump. He had no idea he was so sensitive there. He almost lost count again, but he was at ninety already and he refused to let anything conquer him now. Cain dragged the tip of the rod over Dean’s soles, sending sparks of pleasure and pain to Dean’s leaking cock. Then he smacked the taut skin and Dean groaned through his teeth.
Sam moaned at the sensation, realizing at once what Dean had done. Dean slid in without problem after that.
“I feel like a terrible dad,” Castiel said quietly to Dean.
Dean grunted irritably, but the sound was sucked out of him when Gabriel bit his nipple. Dean’s breath hitched. “Just hurry up.” He said gruffly. In reality, he could’ve laid there all night with Gabriel stroking him. His hands were perfect. Gabriel squeezed around his base and twisted up, rubbing his thumb under his head, making Dean curse and leak precum on his fingers. It was so good. Too good….
When all three of them were winded, Castiel collapsed atop Sam, panting and gasping in unison. Sam could feel his feathers brushing against him as his wings spread out on the floor. Meg reached forward and pulled Castiel close. It was Heaven.
Castiel eyed him anxiously.
“It’s fine,” Castiel assured them, “it was just some nosy kids,”
"That's it Sammy. You'll be my pet. I'll keep you tied up, well fed," he groaned, his voice getting rougher and his grip getting tighter, "Feed you my cum everyday. Keep you full of it. Keep that collar on... under your clothes… teach you some manners, then breed you up nice and good..."
“Ab… Abaddon. Dead.”
Dean watched, light-headed, as Castiel grabbed a fallen curtain rod and secured it to Dean’s leg, creating a makeshift splint. The rod was hot, but not enough to burn Dean’s skin. Castiel tied knots above and below the wound, making Dean wince. Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand and squeezed tightly.
Castiel extracted the needle from Dean’s arm, and he roared again.
Dean had Sam tied spread eagle to a metal frame he’d constructed in the bunker just for Sam. Sam was suspended forward slightly with straps around his forearms, calves, thighs, and biceps. Dean liked having the rest of Sam open for business, so to speak. Sam’s cock and balls with held tightly in a cock ring, jutting out for Dean to take full advantage of. His hair was drenched with sweat and his chest was flushed and heaving.
Dean looked away and closed his eyes as if he was in pain, but Castiel’s voice only became stronger.
As dawn broke, Castiel and Jack found a quiet room for the kids to get some sleep. They only agreed to it if Castiel and Jack stayed in the room with them, so they set themselves up in chairs opposite the kids’ beds and talked quietly in the dark for a while. Outside, the sky was lightening as Sunday turned imperceptibly to Monday.
Sam was already panting around the gag. His body spoke for him. He spread his legs what little he could and buried his head in the seat, elongating himself like he knew Gabriel liked. Gabriel smirked. He pulled out a little, than sank back in deep. Sam groaned.
Sam smiled in amusement.
Castiel was listening raptly. He thought he sensed discomfort in Sam, so he waited it out with him. Sam continued quickly enough.
Castiel looked at him curiously. “You know, if I didn’t know better I’d think you were making up excuses to come here.”
“Not yet, Sammy. You can do it. I know you can.” Dean goaded him in satisfaction, “I’ve seen you go all day.”
Since Gabriel had just been fucking him, Sam’s ass was already wet and nicely stretched. Sam curious testing of his bonds proved his inability to move. Still, he jumped when he felt Gabriel’s cock teasing his spread entrance and his restraints answered him with resounding denial. It gave Sam a submissive high and his breathing slowed. All of his senses amplified. Gabriel slowly pressed back into Sam and Sam moaned into his gag. Gabriel let out a sigh as his cock sank deeper than ever in that spread, arched position Gabriel’s shape filled Sam so perfectly. Sam’s stomach dropped, feeling so full of archangel cock already. Gabriel rubbed his palms over the forced arch in Sam’s spine, then around the V shape of his hips and lower stomach. Sam’s muscles jumped again, giving Gabriel’s cock a pleasant twitch.
Dean could tell by Castiel’s silence that he was even more confused, but for some reason Dean couldn’t speak. His throat felt constricted. Minutes passed before Castiel spoke again.
Dean Winchester was sitting in his Impala in a church parking lot. It was dark and silent, and the tall, stone church loomed over them like a monument. Dean was staring out at the graveyard. The headstones gleamed in the moonlight like a marble ocean. One headstone in particular stood out to him. Even though it was one of the smallest and furthest back, Dean could see it above all the others. He could even see the two in the ground beside it, though they were hidden by the rows and rows of graves.
“Sammy was the smart one. He didn’t let anything stop him,” Dean said. “And you guys, you’re even luckier. You have a dad who’ll support you no matter what.”
The two men folded their arms, trying to play off the denied handshake. The bigger guy was already recording him with his camera.
“Derby’s most overqualified PT,” Dean managed a pained smile, but it gave Castiel strength.
Castiel looked up at the figure bearing down on them, then at the escape route shrinking before his eyes. There was nothing left to do. He seized Dean’s gun and knelt over him, taking aim at the figure. He’d never fired a gun in his life, but that didn’t seem to matter now. The figure raised the sledgehammer again and Castiel squeezed the trigger just like he had with the water gun.
“Well, if you need any more houses burned down…” he smiled wearily.
“Gabriel!” Charley chided.
Confused but happy to follow his lead, Sam sat down. Dean took a thermos out of somewhere and grabbed two small glasses from his desk. He poured some both a shot of thick, green smoothie.
Dean attempted to cover himself with the trench coat and failed. Cas made no effort to help.
Charley and Gabe smiled.
“Law school,” Dean said. “He got all the brains in the family. I got the good looks.”
Sam nearly choked. “No!”
Castiel nodded.
In the contented silence Dean’s eyes fell to Castiel’s lips again, but then they dropped to his arm. “Um, you got some paint… here...”
“I can’t… I can’t go with you,” he repeated.
“I don’t know,” Castiel said. “It’s an unusual case. Angels becoming human…  As far as I know, I’m the first one who’s done it. Twice now. Maybe there’s more to being human than either of us know.”
Dean dressed himself, deciding he needed to maintain what little dignity he had left. He sat up and winced. Everything ached. Castiel wasn’t speaking, and Dean was grateful. He didn’t think he was stable enough to respond. He got dressed lamely and collapsed on the ground again.
“Shaddup.”
Dean worked his hips like an animal, making sure to press Sammy’s sweet spot with every stroke. He had to really work his abs to do it, but the sounds he got of him were worth it. Dean knew he was doing it right when Sam’s voice hit that desperate, pleading tone normally reserved for life or death situations.
“Look,” Meg pointed to her masterpiece, “it’s you, swallowing those boys from the backyard! See all the blood?”
Castiel had never been much of a drinker—he didn’t care for the effects—but there had been occasions on which it had helped ease his troubled mind, and this was one of them. The tequila was cool, but it warmed his entire body instantly. It felt like steam had risen in his mouth and he coughed.
“And I know it’s not true,” Jack finished firmly.
“Why?”
Garth sighed. “Maybe it’s for the best, you know? Like you said, Cas and his family can live a nice, normal life after all this is over.” But not even Garth could inject his voice with confidence. In truth, he’d wanted Dean and Cas to work out as much as Dean did.
Castiel wasn’t sure what it was about this time in particular, but he knew there was no way Sam was getting to that shower. “No,” he said firmly.
“I know,” Castiel cut him off, “but I can finish it. It might be better this way.”
Dean glared, but put his hand on the gear shift all the same.
“Speaking of dad,” Claire changed the subject abruptly, “what are we going to do about…” she glanced around at the fenced yards around them, “...Dean?”
He felt more ridiculous than ever as he walked around the house, sage in one hand, phone in the other, while he read the WikiHow instructions. He’d just opened the front door to finish the ritual and ‘send all the evil spirits out’ (Castiel hoped rolling his eyes too much wouldn’t nullify the process) when he saw someone walking up to his front porch.
try having sex with
“Sorry, I… I shouldn’t have…” Dean mumbled, wide-eyed.
“Oh, Sammy.” Gabriel panted, “Keep doing that and I’ll make you come every time.”
Dean did just that. He hung out by the stove, munching on bacon as Cas grabbed a mug from the cabinet at random and filled it.
“Mmhm.” Dean wasn’t even listening to him. “I meant what I said, Sammy. One chance. That’s all you get.” He held onto Sam’s cock and stroked it through his thin pants.
“Leave him alone!” Gabe jumped at the middle boy and punched him in the gut. He bent double, more in surprise than pain, and the other two rounded on Gabe.
A petite girl with bright red hair appeared on his screen. She was around Jack’s age and had an avid look of interest on her face. “Hey Jack. Oh, is that your dad? Hi, Mr. Shurley.”
“It’s
“We’re a distraction!” She bounced up and down.
Dean eyed the needle with apparent disinterest, but the overcompensation in his voice gave him away. “You know, Sam got enough blood bags to feed a whole vampire nest. But you… you just can’t wait to stick me with your own, huh?” He grinned darkly.
Castiel held the back of her hand kissed her palm.
Castiel and Garth both turned, blinking in the late August sunlight, to see Dean Smith walking up the driveway.
He remembered going to Cain for help controlling the Mark. Cain said it couldn’t be done. It was his own impulses that he needed to control so that the Mark couldn’t use them against him. But if Dean had known this was what Cain had in mind, would he have turned away?
Castiel nodded and opened his eyes, “Very.”
Charley wasn’t as squirrely as Gabe, but he was more persistent and was catching up fast. Gabe kicked more bark down, which sprinkled over Claire’s head.
Sure enough, Sam was pissed at him the whole car ride home, even though he slept through most of it. When Sam woke a few miles from the bunker, Dean decided it would be best to tell him that Gabriel was alive, if only to avoid him finding out later and getting even angrier.
In the bathroom off the hallway, Gabe had finished wiping off his shirt. He rinsed his toothbrush, but before he could put it back in the bee-shaped plastic holder, he noticed something in the mirror. He stared at the reflection of the hallway behind him. The floor was illuminated in strips from their bedroom lights, but there was a darkened spot in the corner off the landing. He squinted at it, then caught sight of something on the ceiling. His eyes wandered up to the pull cord hanging below the attic door.
“No, nothing. Well, not with the plumbing anyway. I have to check the circuit board again after I take Meg to daycare,” Castiel explained. He brought Dean a cup of coffee and sat down opposite him. “The lights upstairs kept going on and off this morning.”
Dean was an Omega.
“Keep talking, Sammy. Let me hear it. Let all of Hell hear it.”
“It’s when something really bad happens, usually caused by a demon, and it’s so bad that it leaves scars in time that stretch in both directions. So like, it haunts the past as well as the future.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows. Jack had a knack for reading minds—at least that’s how it felt to Castiel.
Dean kept a box under his bed with one of his shirts that Sam had scented. He hid it even from Sam. When his heat was particularly bad, he’d bury his face in the shirt. Dean didn’t know that Sam had stolen a pair of Dean’s shorts he’d promised to clean after Dean ruined it with slick. The smell wouldn’t wash out, so Sam lied and said he’d burned it.
He barely had time to register what he was seeing before a shadow above him caught his eye. An inky, sooty mass was floating above him, it’s feet dangling above his head. The woman from the porch was staring at him, her face clearly visible as she looked down at him. She was screaming silently and her eyes were two, black pits.
‘C...ome… in here... it’s s...afe…’
“Everything’s great actually,” Dean said. “I got my cast off finally. Hannah’s harping on about therapy though so I figured I’d give you a call. I don’t suppose you have any openings?” He asked knowingly.
Crowley loved the sharp breaths Sam took. He loved the way Sam’s body jumped in his bonds. Most of all, he loved the way Sam got off on it. This wasn't punishment; this was a reward. Crowley raked his nails down Sam’s ass and Sam groaned.
Meg gasped and held onto Castiel with her arms and legs. “Mmn… you’re just full of surprises, aren’t you?” She breathed happily, riding those fingers along with Castiel’s mouth.
Despite everything, Castiel agreed with him. He’d been wondering if he should tell him about Garth—He’d debated telling the cop outside, too—but something told him that Dean and Garth weren’t the problems they needed to worry about at the moment. That and Jack always had a good sense about people. Castiel learned to trust it long ago.
Castiel backed away. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Great!” Gabriel took that as permission and returned to Sam’s cock.
“Dean.”
Dean snarled back, and Cain rapped him with the rod again, making Dean growl deep in his throat and keen forward. It didn’t hurt anymore. In fact, it felt so good Dean wanted to cry, but he refused to let himself sink that low.
Dean cocked his head and, as if reading his mind, he asked, “Or are you not planning on being around for that part?” Dean saw Castiel pause for a second time, but Dean wasn’t smiling anymore.
Sam was sick. He wasn’t cursed. He wasn’t bitten. He wasn’t even fighting some ghost illness. He was just sick. Dean noticed it a few days ago and, rather than work itself out as Sam insisted it would, it was getting worse. Finally, Dean was fed up with hunting alongside a stuffy, coughing, bleary eyed mess. Sam had forced Dean’s hand. So when Sam woke up that morning and immediately began searching for cases online, Dean intervened.
Garth hugged him back readily. “Anytime, amigo.” Then he hopped up into the ambulance and gave the kids a thumbs up.
Dean faked a laugh, “I’d like to see you get stabbed in the elbow with a meat thermometer and not swea…hey, don’t touch me...”
“Outside then?” Gabe asked quickly.
Dean felt a sick satisfaction at making Sam mad
Dean stuck the thermometer under Sam’s tongue and shut his mouth for him, one hand under Sam’s jaw and chin, one over his lips. He gave Sam his own victory look. Sam glared at him. While they waited for the beep, Dean considered just how strange this would look if Castiel were to appear.
Meg squinted in the sunlight just like her father. "Sometimes I growl, too."
“Mom would believe me! Mom wouldn’t be so stupid!”
The man dissolved into laughter once again, and Sam grinned sheepishly.
Shit. Dean really was checking him out, now. He looked up at Ketch, once again finding that odd gaze staring back at him. Dean would have never known what it meant if not for that smell. What Dean thought was adrenaline from the fight was from something else entirely, and Dean was sure he reeked of it now, too.
Somnophilia, masturbation, wet dreams, embarrassment, first time anal (Dean), hand jobs, prostate milking, wings, consensual, mild pain enjoyment, grace sex, grace bondage, induced sleep, bondage via induced sleep, soul fucking, dream control, dream sex, mind-reading, time-loop
“I told you who I was. What I did. And you…” Dean’s fierce gaze faltered, but he looked at Castiel stubbornly, “...you left. You stopped answering my calls, you stopped visiting me, you made a decision without talking to me at all...”
Suddenly, a white light shone through the flames, stopping Mrs. Bishop in her tracks. Dean, Castiel, and the kids all looked up to see another figure emerging from the flames. Mrs. Bishop’s wrath was nothing compared to this woman’s. Her dark hair was flying around her pale, strong face, translucent but clearly visible.
Castiel squinted through the peephole, and suddenly the darkness vanished, revealing the dark porch outside. Castiel leapt back in shock. His eyes darted to the glass on either side of the door and saw a dark figure flit past it. Before Castiel’s brain could catch up with his eyes, he heard a squeak from the kitchen and turned just in time to see water burst from the sink. A deep, glugging noise echoed through the walls and the water turned black. A coppery, putrid smell filled Castiel’s nose, making him gag almost immediately. He covered his nose and, fuelled by pure adrenaline, ran to the sink to shut off the water, but a loud crack from somewhere behind him made him spin around. Castiel stared in disbelief as he saw the crack in the wall return. Dust and paint trickled onto the floor, as if someone had just thrown something heavy from the top of the stairs.
Castiel held back a sigh. “You know, with a new house comes all sorts of new sounds, new shadows, new everything,” he reassured them. “We just have to get used to it.”
Gadreel tried to get it working again, but the lumb was darkened and lifeless. Bewildered but determined, he began to walk up the stairs, eying the figure with growing incredulity.
Castiel dropped to Dean’s side. Dean was clutching his leg and blood was darkening his jeans. Castiel could see where he’d been hit and knew at once that his knee was broken.
"You and Sam clearly handled it fine on your own. Why did you need me here?" Castiel sounded pensive.
“And a mechanic. On Sundays.”
"Bad dog,” his voice was low and guttural, “This is why we can’t have nice things, Sam," but he tugged the leash and pulled him into a messy kiss all the same.
“You should wear my stuff more often...” Dean said shakily, “Like, seriously. That’s fucking hot.”
“Don’t!” He groaned. “Don’t...Don’t you die for me, Cas!”
Sam huffed. “Right.” Dean hadn’t acted like this since they were kids. It was a little overwhelming. “Seriously, dude. I can’t just sit here and do nothing. I’ll go crazy.” He said seriously.
Castiel suddenly understood. He didn't say anything, he just lay gently atop Dean, holding his hand and caressing his fingers. He kissed his hand, closing his eyes patiently. Dean was grateful.
Meg put the walkman back in the bag with such a dramatic sigh that Claire would have been proud. “Sorry,” she said to Dean.
“I care! I don’t want a hunting partner who’s off his game, or worse
Claire stared at the ceiling. “I don’t know.”
“If you and Sam have taught me anything,” Castiel whispered, “it’s that people don’t often get what they deserve. You didn’t deserve any of that. You don’t deserve the fate you’ve been given.” Castiel’s eyes were like a whirlpool, capturing Dean’s and not letting them go. “You deserve to be happy,” Castiel said firmly. “So… if you tell me what you want, I’ll give that to you. I want… I want you to be happy.”
," She sneered.
“You know, we might have a case right here, Sammy.” He said finally. “The case of the haunted laundry room.” He glared at him.
“And if Mrs. Bishop is a demon?” Dean asked.
She beamed back at him. “You’re welcome.”
Dean looked up at him in surprise.
He loved how Sam's knees shook on either side of his face, how his stomach spasmed. He loved how Sam tossed his head to the side like a stallion and pulled at his cuffs, trying to fuck himself a little more on Dean’s knot. He loved everything about his not-so-little brother.
Dean smiled breathlessly.
Once the plug was safely inserted, Crowley dipped down and teased Sam’s stretched hole with his tongue.
To Castiel’s relief, Meg was willing to give daycare another try the following morning, so after Charley, Gabe, and Claire left for school Castiel walked Meg down the block then went into work early. As he pulled out of the driveway he spotted his gaunt-faced neighbor across the street watering his flowers. He looked up as Castiel drove past and gave him a silent nod. Castiel smiled back awkwardly, suddenly remembering how he’d found him in the front yard the other night in nothing but his pajamas and a robe.
Within seconds Castiel’s suit things were scattered around them and Castiel had been stripped to that Metallica shirt with his dress pants and underwear around his knees. Dean's hands were all over Castiel as he fucked him on the cabin floor.
Dean listened silently, enjoying the sentimental look on Castiel’s face.
Deciding Castiel had earned a treat, he hummed around his cock and got a third moan out of him. Castiel’s hand shook and he gripped the Impala’s side mirror. Dean winced but he kept going. The sound of Castiel sprawling out on his Baby and gasping on air was worth a few hand prints. In fact, Dean loved sandwiching Cas between him and his Baby. There was something so right about it; like it was exactly where Castiel belonged. He hummed a little more, picking one of his favorite Led Zeppelin tunes, and he was confident that Castiel was finally enjoying the music as much as he did.
“Holy water!” Castiel shouted.
Dean grabbed Sam’s face, making him laugh.
Castiel ravaged him into the mattress, while Dean panted in pleasure. His hands were balled up in the headboard and his hat had fallen behind his head. It’s strings bounced on Dean’s glistening chest with every thrust.
Castiel shifted awkwardly in the silence. He caught sight of other patients walking down the hall outside and offered to chat in his office. Dean shrugged but began walking into the therapy room all the same, hobbling along stubbornly. Castiel could tell he didn’t want any help.
There was another moment of awkward silence. But then, just as he had the other day, Dean moved closer. Castiel didn’t stop him. Dean put his hand on the counter behind Castiel. Still, Castiel didn’t stop him. He couldn’t believe how green his eyes were in the shady kitchen. Dean reached out and Castiel felt him take the mop out of his hand. The smell of grass and sweat filled Castiel’s senses and, with no one home to interrupt them this time, Dean leaned in and kissed him.
“Uh, because it’s his job,” Gabe said.
“Shaddup and make me some coffee, will you?”
,” Rowena corrected him.
Then Mary would splash him with water from the flask and he sizzled and screamed.
... I suggest you pipe down.”
"No," he said brusquely. As if to keep Castiel from asking any more questions, Dean kissed him again.
“Sam… Sam.” He lifted him out of the water.
Sam looked around the barn, shaking his head in disbelief. Then he looked down his pants. Dammit. That was bad. But it was also very, very hot. Sam bit his lip and smiled.
Dean looked at him. His expression was inscrutable. Before he could answer, Castiel’s phone rang. As he answered it, Dean watched Meg begin to eat the butts off of all the animal crackers.
“So...” Sam spoke up.
“I forgive you.” Castiel said in confusion.
"Oh fuck, Sammy...that's so good…."
Castiel nodded silently. He wouldn't call an angel's wings erogenous, but touching them was something only a lover would do. And Castiel was reminded that Dean was in fact his lover.
Castiel sipped his tea, savoring the silence, and found himself staring into the living room. It wasn’t until that moment that he remembered how strange Dean had acted before he left. His gaze focused on the corner of the room beside the fireplace. There was a long shadow there extending from the ceiling to the floor. Castiel stared at it, his eyes unfocused. Then he sighed and put his empty mug in the dishwasher. He hoped Dean would be willing to come back if he needed him.
“I quite understand.”
“It’s not a ghost,” Claire cut her off.
Sam took in a hazy breath, “Definitely.” He smiled. He couldn’t help it.
The bunker’s archive room was normally filled with lore-laden shelves, boxes of meticulously categorized objects, and hundreds of files, but today the shelves were pushed aside revealing a spotlit, brick-lined dungeon. In the center sat a metal chair surrounded by a demon trap, and in the chair, restrained with leather straps, sat Dean Winchester. He looked up to see his new guest and a cold smile parted his lips.
Castiel touched the railing of the porch steps with his fingertips. The wind was doing something strange now. It sounded raspy and rhythmic. With a jolt of dread, Castiel realized that it wasn’t the wind at all—The sound was coming from the figure. It was as if it were trying to breathe through damaged lungs. He would have given anything to run, but he knew he couldn’t. He shifted his weight onto the first stair, and it creaked. He expected the figure to turn around at any second. Castiel could only pray it didn’t. He didn’t want to see its face.
Castiel nodded stoically. “Between her and Meg… the ghost was no match.”
“Come on, Sammy! Come on.” Dean goaded him hotly.
“Does he know?” Dean asked quietly.
(I tried to write puppyplay a few times, but it wasn't exactly my cuppa tea, so I ended up experimenting with petplay instead. I hope you like it! Thanks to you I have a new kink to enjoy ;D)
Dean set a bottle of cough syrup next to the mug.
Dean had never been so consumed with need before, and when he saw that need reflected in Castiel’s eyes Dean didn’t need to ask the question. Castiel shifted his legs to let Dean in, and soon Dean was sinking hot and raw into Castiel’s body.
Castiel’s relief faded all too quickly, however, replaced by the realization that he had a million boxes to unpack. For the first time in years, he felt like he needed a beer. The sound of a loud car passing by shook him from his thoughts, and he collected himself before turning to the kids.
Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but he was disappointed nonetheless. It made him feel dirty. And not in the good way. Or was it? He finally gave up trying to help Sam and went to his room to take a nap.
Sam pulled him into a weak hug, making him lay atop him. Gabriel didn't mind one bit.
