“I do
Castiel’s face softens into a look of dawning comprehension. “Wait, you— did you think I was talking to you?”
“Sure I do. I can pick up extra shifts at the garage, and I’m due for a pay raise in February anyway. You can do freelance work when tax season rolls around. And I was thinking maybe we could rent out the spare bedroom.”
“But if it does,” Cas whispers, “know that there’s nothing you could ever do or say that would make me stop loving you, or that would make me want to stop being your friend.”
there were more martinis after that, and everything starts to get fuzzy from there. All I can really remember with any clarity is your eyes.”
And Dean is definitely alive, that much Castiel knows. He can feel him. And yet, it's different. Never before has the thrumming feeling he gets from Dean been this strong, or this desperate. Something must be wrong, and he shifts uncomfortably with the knowledge. Normally the feeling he gets from Dean just simmers, low and quiet. But this is altogether different. There's no ebb, no flow. This is constant and unrelenting and—
It’s strange. Normally, Cas gets handsy and gravitates straight into Dean’s space the second he gets home. But the nights that Cas has been late, he’s been weirdly fixated on some immediate need for a shower.
“Dean?” He looks up to see Cas standing in the doorway.
“All those times I tried to… I thought maybe…” Dean trails off, his brain tripping up on the words.
“Okay, okay,” Dean said, raising his hands in surrender. “I guess you didn’t have to eat as an angel. Maybe you don’t have to as a frog either.” Bolstered by this, Dean carried Cas down the hallway with him. He stopped outside the room he had come to think of as belonging to Cas, having intended to put the bowl in there for the night. But the thought of locking Cas in that empty room had him turning instead for the door to his own room.
“Don’t be. We’ve both had worse.” Dean smiles and Cas lifts his head more carefully this time to gently kiss the bump that’s forming on Dean’s forehead.
,” he chanted, and then smacked himself in the face again.
Dean reddened and glanced over at Cas, whose face was unreadable.
Alone but for the engine in front of him, Dean finds himself thinking the one thing he’s been desperately avoiding.
It’s not really a Christmas tree in the literal sense of the word. More of a makeshift, macgyvered creation they’d assembled from a wobbly old coat rack that they’d hung a wreath on. Garland wraps around the stand from top to bottom, with cheap ornaments and tinsel hung from hooks and along the garland. A star balances precariously on top.
This isn’t how it was supposed to go.
Cas looked completely crestfallen and a little like a lost puppy, and Dean felt something squeeze in his chest. He realized then that he may have spent all night worrying about nothing. It was just Cas. Sweet, dorky, Cas; who was the very picture of a nervous wreck himself.
He’s even begun talking to the ferret when Cas is at work, and that’s where he finds himself one fateful day, peering in the cage at soft brown eyes that gaze back up at him in earnest. She cocks her head to the side in an unmistakably Cas-like gesture that tugs at Dean’s heart.
Before long, most of his bargains began to center on Cas.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m awesome. Now get outta here.” Dean gives him a quick peck on the cheek and shoves him gently out the door. “See you tonight.”
~~~~~
The frog—
“I didn’t want to freak you out.”
“Evil,” Sam supplied.
“Shut up,” he said gruffly, but without malice. He wiped his last piece of toast through the ketchup smears on his plate, licked the crumbs from his fingers, and chugged down the last of his coffee. Turns out the strawberries had been fucking delicious.
Castiel can’t remember the last time he’s gone this long without masturbating and it’s starting to become a problem. He watches Dean try unsuccessfully to eat a popsicle without the full use of his hands. As it drips down his chin, Dean sucks the whole length of it into his mouth and Castiel finds himself with a sudden and wildly inappropriate boner right in the middle of the kitchen. He fakes a headache and flees to his room.
comfortable,” Cas grumbled as the cat darted past him and nearly toppled a vase over.
Left alone in the living room, Dean took in his surroundings again. The TV on the wall was the largest Dean had ever seen. Everything around him was modern, but monotonous shades of grey and black. Balthazar had been chirping contentedly in the corner but his noises turned to angrier squawks when Cas left the room and only Dean remained.
“We wanted it to be very small,” said Eileen.
As he walks away, he hears Charlie whisper to Dean, “I like this one much better.”
“Yeah,” Dean laughed. “Pour the OJ, we’re just about ready.”
“The cat,” Dean said, like this would explain everything. Castiel looked around for her, but Dean continued with a lopsided grin. “It was me!”
“For taking care of my boys,” she says simply. Then she adds, “He’ll come around. What you did for them— for us—thank you just doesn’t seem to cut it.”
He slid into the driver’s side, buckled in, and turned to look at the cat again. She was sitting upright in the passenger seat next to him, staring out the front window expectantly.
He looks up then to see Cas staring at him aghast. “I always want you, Dean,” he says solemnly and slowly, as if talking to a small child.
“Shh, Dean. Rest.”
“Yes, most likely. I remember you because I hadn’t been able to stop staring at you all night,” Cas’s face was red.  “I kept telling myself, one more drink and I’d work up the courage to go talk to you. But one drink turned into several, and I had myself convinced I didn’t stand a chance with you.”
“I’ll let you two mull that one over then,” Sam said, standing up. He patted Cas on the shoulder. “Good to have you back, Cas,” he said, and sauntered off to the kitchen with the biggest shit-eating grin Dean had ever seen.
“I mean it, Cas. No matter the universe, no matter how fucked up it is, I find it hard to believe you could be that different. Bobby and Charlie are different, sure, but the core of who they are is still there.”
"No," Sam said, "that can't be right. That was a girl cat."
Dean thought.
Castiel had watched Dean sleep many times in those early years. Despite Dean's protests that it was creepy, Castiel found it exceedingly difficult at times to stay away. He tried, he really did, but then Dean would call out to him in his dreams. The fear, the agony– it ripped at something inside of Castiel that he hadn't even known existed. And so he went to Dean when he could, and watched him sleep as he infused him with soft tendrils of his grace and soothed the nightmares as best he was able. It was the beginning of a long, complicated tangle in which Dean would say one thing, while his thoughts, his dreams, his soul would scream another.
“Shut up,” Dean laughed, and smacked him again, playfully this time.
The arms around his waist tightened their hold.
“Finally,” Sam muttered from the kitchen.
He wraps up for the day, and reminds himself of this simple fact. Cas is loyal and kind. He repeats it over and over on his drive home, trying to calm himself after Cas texts to tell him he’ll be late again.
“Damn right you do,” said Bobby. “You go. Don’t worry about anything here. Your job is always here if you want to come back to it. And if not, well, that’s okay too,” he said emphatically. “I’ll keep an eye on your daddy. Go on.”
He stopped mid sentence. Cas was changing into his own suit but hadn’t quite finished. He stood in the middle of the room in only his dress pants. Dean took in the broad, tanned expanse of chest and his eyes were drawn downward to the dark trail of hair disappearing below his pants. Pants that were sitting low enough on his waist that Dean could see the shape of Cas’s hipbones as he pulled a white dress shirt on. He began to fasten the buttons, one at a time, from the bottom all the way up to the top, and Dean’s stare followed Cas’s hands as he made his way upward.
Sam nodded to himself thoughtfully. Then he smiled at the frog and gave a small wave of his hand. “Hi, Cas.”
Before Dean knew it, his brother and Cas were talking animatedly about the effects of global warming. He sighed, zoning out a little. His attention returned to the table when Cas excused himself to the washroom. Dean watched him walk away and was startled by Sam snapping his fingers in his face.
“I'm fine! Get off of me, I'm fine. You gotta take care of Cas, please, he—”
Meg snorted. But Kevin peered over his shoulder and nodded. “I guess she would be kind of a good-looking cat if you got her cleaned up. And if she wasn’t so…”
“Dean, we’re going to be late!” Cas huffed.
Castiel just stares. A beat passes, in which Dean quietly celebrates his victory before Castiel manages to speak. “I’m sorry I laughed at you,” he blurts.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I mean, I guess. Sam and my dad have never really seen eye to eye. I know he wanted out of there, bad. But I’ve been keeping things going, you know? Keeping us afloat for when he came back.”
“It burns,” he sighs. “Like the fire of a thousand suns."
Next to having her boys alive and well, it’s the best Christmas present Baby could have ever hoped to receive.
-----
Dean relaxes into the warm weight wrapped around him. Cas snuffles against his neck, gentle breath tickling him. And for the first time all day, Dean smiles.
“No word yet, hun,” she said. “He should be out soon though.”
“It’s… a house,” said Dean slowly. A rundown, slightly dilapidated looking, old farmhouse to be more precise.
“Dean, we’ve never been ‘just friends.’”
Cas held up his phone in the other hand and Dean saw a picture of a wedding chapel. Cas flicked through a few more photos. A minister. The inside of a chapel. A blurry selfie of Dean and Cas kissing and Dean holding a sign that—he squinted, then went bug-eyed. It read
But right now, he is being an idiot too.
Sam levelled him with an epic bitch face before continuing. “Maybe the key to breaking the curse is to look at the fairy tales themselves. The deaths that looked like a werewolf attack looked like Little Red Riding Hood. There was the woman who died eating an apple who you called Snow White.” Sam grinned. “What fairy tale turns people into a frog?”
Dean blinked rapidly, gasping for air.
“Shakespeare was clearly gay,” Cas said. “He writes to a lovely male youth in the sonnets: But thy eternal summer shall not fade,” he recited. “That’s completely gay! You can’t possibly deny that.”
“For someone who wanted company, you’re awfully quiet.”
“Yeah, yeah. I don’t like you either,” Dean scowled.
Castiel closes the door behind him, not sure what Dean’s saying or what his brother has to do with anything. Dean sounds far away, muffled by the ringing in Castiel’s ears.
. Cas is so great, I love Cas. Blah blah, Cas, Cas, Caaaaas.”
“Cas, I’m not gay.” Dean spoke slowly, and carefully, so there could be no confusion. “I’ll just get my things and I’ll be on my way. Now, I was wearing a silver ring. Have you seen it anywhere?” He held up his hand to show his bare finger. “It’s a family heirloom, and really important to me. So, if you could just help me search around for it...”
“I guess I’ll have to call Sam at some point,” Dean said. He looked at his phone, wondering again if he should just man up and call him. But the last text from Sam had contained the sort of language reserved for when he was truly pissed off, so Dean was wary.
-----
Huh? Surely, Castiel hadn’t heard that right. He frowned at Dean.
“You do too. Loudly.”
“Dean, you’re tired,” Cas says. “And stressed, beyond what most humans could endure. And a little drunk. And what, forty now? This is perfectly normal and nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Oh, you got the license,” Sam said with a laugh. “The clerk’s office is just around the corner and they’re open ‘till midnight 7 days a week. You guys took off, and I thought that was the last we’d seen of you for the night. But you came back not long after and marched us all into the chapel.”
“Wait, why are you here, Dean?”
Dean was aghast. “But, that’s not fair! That’s not even–”
The reproachful look turned downright lethal.
If there was one thing Dean was good at, it was sex. He might even be able to show Cas a few things.
Dean’s more than happy to comply.
“Cas, look what I found!” Sam dropped his knapsack with a thud on the counter and the ladder creaked and wobbled precariously.
Dean emerges with his own cowboy hat and boots and a grin that lights up the whole room. It’s beautiful. Castiel resolves to get the stupid hat, if only to keep the smile on Dean’s face a little longer.
Dean's mouth falls open. “Torture?!”
“Sammy, this is—”
They didn’t talk about that either. But the touches between them grew more charged. Soon, Dean found himself reaching for Cas constantly— more than he ever had before. Just to touch his shoulder, bump against him, let his fingers linger on his arm. There had been that one heated moment in the bunker’s exercise room before Sam had interrupted, when they’d been sparring, and Cas had him pinned to the mat, and Dean could have sworn he felt something hard pressing against his thigh. He was sure Cas must have noticed the same from him— certain they were only seconds from rutting against one another if Sam hadn’t walked in.
Bobby found him there on the floor, staring blankly at nothing in particular, phone in hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You swear you’re not using your grace for this?” Dean asks.
When morning finally came, Dean woke with a start to the smell of burning and the blare of a smoke alarm.
“It’s fine, really. Pretend I’m your busty brunette. I’m going to pretend you’re. . . I don’t know, Ernest Hemingway.”
“I have pictures!” Eileen said excitedly, and shoved her phone at Dean. His eyes bugged out and he scrolled through her photos frantically. It was one thing for Cas to have photographic evidence, but just how many other people had to bear witness to his night of debauchery? He thought of the photos Cas took back at his place where Dean had been naked and eager and he flicked through the photos faster, panic beginning to set in. Many of the pictures were the same as what he’d seen on Cas’s phone that morning, albeit not nearly as blurry. Mercifully, Dean was clothed in all of them and the string of photos ended before they got more x-rated. He let out a sigh of relief and passed the phone back to Eileen who was grinning.
Dean set the phone down, and picked up the needle to continue. Cas’s hands remained folded innocuously in his lap but his other wing—his good one—seemed to reach out of its own accord and curled around the back of his chair; Dean could feel the soft brush of feathers against his back. He suppressed the shiver that ran down his spine, and focused all his energy on keeping his hands from shaking. The absurdity of the situation rattled him. His hands—his dirty, human hands, stitching an angel’s wings back together.
“Here, let me.” Castiel moves closer and reaches his hand out, but Dean smacks it away.
Dean snorts. “This whole day has fucking sucked. It’s not enough that Chuck snapped his fingers and stripped away everything that makes me, me. Now he’s a damn cockblock on top of everything else? You and I—” Dean gestures between them “—This. Us. We’re just ordinary now too, are we?”
Dean took a deep breath and steadied himself.
“Fuck, Cas,” he breathed. “Want you so bad.”
“Cas?!” Dean shouted.
“Cas, I don’t need you to— shit, your hands are warm! That’s— wow, yeah. That’s nice.” Dean shuffles across the bench seat closer to Castiel, leaning into his warmth.
“You’re really doing this, huh Sammy?”
They both jumped when Castiel’s phone rang.
“I do too,” he whispered.
It’s then that Dean spots a can of air freshener on a table near the door and he groans inwardly.
“I would do anything for him,” he confides to his car when he’s driving alone.
The hardness etched across Dean’s face dissolves. “Jesus, Cas. That’s not—hey, look at me.” He lifts Castiel’s face and lets his knuckles linger a half-second longer than is strictly necessary before dropping his hand. “You’re a great partner. I love… having you around.”
From the sounds of it, Dean is not being still. Castiel smiles and struggles to push himself upright, but he lets out an involuntary yell and collapses back onto the bed. His hands. . . his hands are on fire. . .
And then finally—finally—Cas was nudging at his entrance. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and Cas inched forward, inch by agonizing inch. He had just barely breached him and Dean let out a short gasp at intensity of the stretch. Cas stilled and ran his hands soothingly over Dean’s ass, kneading and stroking.
No. Dean shut down that train of thought and kicked into gear.
“Is this okay?” Dean asks, and Cas has never known how to say no to Dean. He never wants to, and he certainly doesn’t want to now. Dean’s hand is on Cas’s face, stroking his jaw and Cas is helpless to do anything but stare at the human who is truly his greatest weakness.
“I don’t.” Dean balls his hands into fists and twitches.  “Just— don’t flap off and do anything stupid while we’re asleep.”
Cas flushed pink, and gestured in the direction of Dean’s ringtone. “It sounds like it’s coming from over here,” he muttered.
"I'll take care of them," Sam muttered. "You help Cas."
“I’m not on the best of terms with my family,” he said quietly. “I sort of…ran away. Or got kicked out, depending on your point of view. I’ve always been a huge disappointment and the perennial black sheep, so I guess I figured if I was going to fall out of grace with them, I may as well go all the way. The city of sin seemed the appropriate choice.” He smiled weakly.
“Jerk.”
The feeling in his chest explodes. Dean’s hand tightens its grasp on his coat and his head falls heavy on Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean thought, as the arm fastened itself around Dean’s torso, holding him tight. He struggled in vain to remember the night before and what poor girl he must have wound up with. His trip to Vegas was off to a predictable start.
“Hello Dean.”
“What’s your problem, man?” Dean asked, leaning over to poke him lightly in the side.
Dean frowns and stops mid-stride. If Castiel didn’t see him then who the hell was he talking to? There’s no one else around in— Dean spins around to be sure and sees the stray cat trotting towards them. It hisses at Dean as it passes and makes its way into Castiel’s waiting arms. Not a stray then. Castiel scoops it up and coos at it softly. “Hi sweetheart. What have you been up to, hmm?”
-----
, Sam, it’s
“Shut up,” he said again, rolling his eyes.
Cas nodded weakly.
“Oh.”
“Right, yeah. You only got sliced open by a goddamn angel blade. God knows how they got their hands on that, but seriously, Cas? What the hell were you thinking?”
As Dean finds his pace again, Cas finds himself getting greedy. He thinks of all the different ways their bodies could press together. He wants Dean underneath him, wants to taste every part of him, wants to find each spot on his body that makes him gasp and moan. Cas has known Dean’s body before, has stitched it carefully back together from the tattered shreds he found in hell. But Cas has never known Dean’s body like this before, has never known
“Turn around.”
“Get some rest, Cas. We can pick up the research again in the morning.”
The cat sneezed again. “And they’ll be able to check her out. Take care of those sniffles,” Cas added.
Cas didn’t seem keen to cool things down though. He pulled back abruptly and dropped to the floor, pulling Dean’s pants down with him. He nosed all around Dean’s groin, pressing soft kisses to his hip and inner thighs, and Dean jolted at the feel of Cas’s stubble down there as his cock rubbed against Cas’s cheek. Cas licked at his balls, rolling one in his mouth, before licking a long stripe up the underside of Dean’s dick and letting his tongue lap up the pre-come that had formed at the tip. Dean’s legs began to quiver and Cas finally took pity on him and took him fully in his mouth. He sucked hard, inching lower until his nose was buried in Dean’s pubic hair, then swallowed around him.
Dean doesn’t tell him to stop.
She cherishes her time with Dean especially. When he cleans her, his touch is loving and gentle as he rubs out all her aches and bruises, washes away the dirt and grime. Sometimes when he’s alone he will talk to her. He confides his darkest secrets, his insecurities, and his deepest desires. She has seen him in all of his blustering bravado, and in all of his broken imperfections. She has seen all the lovers come through his life and make their mark on his heart in her backseat. She has seen him grow from a fumbling teenage boy to a weary old man. She knows him, probably better than he knows himself. She knows who he loves, what he fears.
Bobby stared at him for a long moment. “You care about him.”
The longing surges again, and Castiel is spurred into action, his concern for Dean overriding any lingering uncertainty over his current predicament. He flexes his wings and realizes with irritation that he is still without flight despite the restoration of his grace. He begins walking instead in the general direction from which he can sense Dean, not entirely sure where he's headed yet, just that he needs to move. Needs to find Dean.
Cas laughed too, and felt a surge of sudden boldness. “You can even share my bed again if you’d like,” he said as seductively as he could manage, and pressed a kiss to the hollow of Dean’s throat.
. Dean thought it was far too cutesy, but Cas loved it and ordered it special online.
“You’re gonna be late for work. I was thinking tacos tonight, that sound okay?”
Or maybe Dean believes him but is angry. Dean is often angry, and it occurs to Castiel that he would have good reason if that were the case. Castiel stole the colt from under Dean’s pillow, a betrayal he knew would cut Dean deeply. He had been in Dean's room— in his personal, private space. Castiel always cherished being able to exist in that space alone with Dean, in the small, rare moments of intimacy. And Castiel had marred it with his deception. Then he had taken the Impala after Dean had willingly, trustingly tossed him the keys and left him and Sam unconscious and alone. Castiel hangs his head in shame and sighs deeply. Dean has every right to be angry with him.
Dean frowned. "I told you, the hospital called. They gave me your keys and I let myself in to feed the bird because I thought—" Dean choked, unable to finish his sentence.
It was only a few days until Halloween, and Castiel was attempting to string candles from the ceiling with fishing wire to give the illusion of them floating in midair. He was balanced precariously on a ladder when Sam Winchester burst through the door, sounding the bell overhead.
"I know. I was really hoping she'd find a home for Christmas."
“Yeah, that. But she’s ours if you want her, Cas.”
“I’m sorry,” he continued. "I should never have left you like that. I was just—scared, I guess. But I can’t stop thinking about you, Cas. You drive me crazy. You’re this weird, dorky, guy, and it doesn’t make any sense. But I—" Dean faltered, as Cas finally looked up at him, his blue eyes piercing and unreadable.
"No shit." Dean continued to glare angrily at the phone.
It was indeed a man’s head that peeked over the edge of the bed and down at Dean on the floor.
"None taken.”
He stroked once, twice, and then Dean was coming again, harder this time, the orgasm ripping forth from somewhere much deeper within him.
However, please keep in mind that there is NO major character death, and there is a happy ending on the horizon. After this chapter it's mostly smooth sailing :)
This was new, this thing between them. The first time they kissed had been a few months back, and it had been entirely unexpected. Cas had been stupid and reckless—again—and Dean had surprised them both when he’d pinned Cas angrily to a wall when they’d finally made it back to the bunker. In his fury, he’d kissed him. It was harsh, and all teeth, and over before it had really begun, and they didn’t talk about it.
“Can I help it if I want to see my baby brother happy?”
Castiel glances down at his own erection straining against his pants.
Cas quirks another small smile. “And what did Garth say?”
Cas looks skeptical but reaches for the top drawer of the nightstand. He fumbles around blindly for a few moments feeling for the lube before coming up empty handed and staring at Dean in confusion.
Cas finally lowered the frying pan slowly and deliberately to the floor. He stepped forward to take the items, staring at them in bewilderment. “How did you get these?”
Cas continued to stare at him, ignoring the way Dean was trying wiggle his hips. One hand brushed softly against Dean’s face and a thumb traced his freckles. “There are many other ways I can bring you pleasure if you’re worried about it hurting.”
That’s not what Dean was expecting. “Huh?” he manages.
There was a moment of inelegant fumbling as belt buckles were undone and zippers pulled down. Cas’s hands were in Dean’s pants, reaching around to cup his ass. He squeezed, and pulled Dean’s groin towards him, rocking their hips together. And then Cas’s hands were down the front of his pants, and Dean gasped at the feeling of cool air as Cas freed his cock from the confines of his pants. Firm hands wrapped around his length and stroked him quickly.
Dean barely gets the door to his room shut before he’s shoving Cas against the wall and rutting against him.
Dean coughed and waved his hand to clear the smoke.
Cas slid off the table and held a hand out to Dean, who grasped it and pulled himself to his feet. Cas was still squinting suspiciously at him and Dean couldn’t help but smile.
“Nah, he’s got some party tonight he wants to go to,” Sam said as he fiddled with the DVD player. “Some girl he’s trying to get with.”
Dean smirked, but before he had a chance to fully savour his victory, Cas pulled him upright and close against his chest. One arm wound around his waist, the other snaked across his chest to flick at a nipple, and Dean’s head fell back heavily against Cas’s shoulder. Dean’s entire weight was being held up by Cas, who started to move faster, the slap of skin against skin echoing in the room.
The doctor gave him a small nod. “I need to get back to surgery,” she said. “Talk to the nurse. I believe he had some personal effects with him.”
“Hmm.”
Dean raised his eyebrow at Cas in question, who scowled.
It wasn’t an entirely unappealing idea, Dean mused. Cas as his date. He looked like he would clean up nice. He gave his head a shake, realizing how absurd he was being.
“Most of the time I just spend in here though.” He gestured out the window at the Vegas skyline. “Turns out, I really quite like it here. It’s beautiful, and I like being up here looking out at all the lights. Sometimes if you’re out on the balcony and there’s a strong wind, it feels almost like you’re flying.”
Then he sat in a chair, and peered in the box, running his hand gently over the items that belonged to Cas. They had been on him, had been close to him moments before the accident. What had it been like, Dean wondered. Did he see the other car coming? Did he try to get out of the way? Did it hurt? How long did he lay in the street? Did he lose consciousness right away or did he lay there for hours in agony?
“We just don’t know yet,” she said, curtly. “He hasn’t been conscious since he was brought in.”
Cas got up from the bed, and Dean shivered at the loss of warmth. He wasn’t gone long before he returned and started wiping Dean down with a soft, warm cloth. His touch was exceedingly gentle, his dark hair damp with sweat. When he finished, Dean made to get up, but Cas pulled him back against his chest, arms locked firmly around him.
Twenty minutes later the kitchen was starting to look like a kitchen again, and Dean was getting to work on some fresh omelettes and hash browns. Cas’s pancakes didn’t actually look all that bad. It turned out he’d been trying to keep them warm in the oven, but instead of putting the warmer on, he’d set it to broil. Dean had managed to rescue them just in time. A minute more and they’d have been charcoal like the eggs.
Dean swallowed, and scribbled his name in the places Cas had flagged.
The scene is grim when he finally arrives. Dark smoke billows from the side of the building with bright flames licking at the edges. There are swarms of people, sirens everywhere, and mutterings that some people haven’t made it out. Dean shouts himself hoarse looking for Cas in the crowd.
He paused, but neither of them said anything. And so, with every ounce of strength he had, Dean turned and walked out the door.
The ride back to the bunker passes in icy silence. Dean is seething and the more miles they travel, the angrier he gets. Fucking angel with his fucking death wishes. He glances over at the angel in question who is sulking and staring resolutely out the window. Only an hour ago their fingers were brushing together on the space between them. Now that space feels like miles and is immeasurably colder.
he thinks, panic beginning to rise up in him now.
“That’d be Sam and Eileen,” Dean said.
Cas tries one of the shortbreads and lets out a long, lewd moan of pleasure that makes Dean glad he decided to bake.
“And do
“Dream job,” Dean interrupts to clarify.
The ride home was quick, and there was definitely no need for a cat carrier. The cat had remained in the seat next to him, clearly agitated and nervous, but exceptionally well-behaved. It hadn’t moved once from its spot on the seat.
Dean stared incredulous at the crowd of college kids that had gathered to gawk at the bloody smear on the floor. All of them so very young that he was suddenly weary.
A pained expression passes over Dean's face. His mouth twitches like he wants to say something else, but no words come. Castiel stands, suddenly weary. "Please excuse me."
He singled out a piece of potato on the end of his spatula and turned to hand it to Cas. Cas, however, opened his mouth expectantly, his eyes closed. Momentarily caught off guard, Dean moved to place the hashbrown carefully on Cas’s tongue. He licked his own lips as he watched Cas’s curl around the end of the spatula.
to stay married.
Sam rolled his eyes. "Dean, this is—"
Cas frowned. “But you’re hungry.”
Cas swallows him down. Above him, Dean lets out a loud hiss, and Castiel’s brain short circuits a bit because
There was a loud clatter, and Cas jumped. He debating just bolting to the front door and making a run for it. But then he heard another noise. “Son of a bitch,” the intruder cursed, in a low, muffled growl. Cas froze, because he
“You flew,” Cas whispered to himself, and resumed staring at the floor.
“I’m fine with just coffee for now,” Dean mumbled.
Ordinarily, Dean wouldn’t have cared and would have shown up in his jeans, just on principle alone. Cas, however, had convinced him that more formal attire was the better move. Dean was trying to make amends for his behaviour last night after all, and it was a sign of respect to the happy couple, and blah blah blah.
“You guys watch without me,” Cas said, grateful for what was finally a reasonable excuse to ditch on scary movie night.
“Agreed. I’d go with the charcoal one. Let me go grab you a tie, I’ll be right back.”
He was bad for Cas. He was toxic, and he had to leave before he made things worse. Dean was not relationship material, never had been, and Cas clearly deserved so much more than this. Than him. This whole marriage thing was just ridiculous. A drunken escapade and nothing more.
“I’m not hungry! I don’t need your—"
“Yeah. We gotta sort these papers out first.” Dean gestured at the annulment papers scattered across the coffee table. “We’ve put it off all day.”
Castiel looks him up and down. “You’re cold.”
Evidently turning down the dial on the patented Winchester charm was working, because the waitress didn’t spare Dean a second glance. She was all eyes for Cas, fawning all over him. “Can I get you anything else, handsome?”
They remained best friends through college as well, and Castiel is glad to spend the summer with Dean before they move on to whatever is in store for them next.
A smiley face emoji from Cas.
Cas continued to stare in disbelief. Was he dreaming? This had to be a dream, right?
On the way there, Dean learned that Cas actually lived in Vegas and the gigantic penthouse was his. Dean had to hand it to himself, if he was going to get smashed and wake up married to another man, at least he had the good sense to pick a rich, handsome one. Well, he was attractive for a man, at least. Dean shook his head to clear it.
“What I want to know,” said Eileen slyly, “Is what happened when you left the bar last night?”
“When the princess kisses the frog, he transforms into a handsome prince and they lived happily ever after,” Sam said.
“We can’t. It was a shitty thing for me to even ask, Cas.”
Cas moved lower down, nuzzling at Dean’s balls again. One hand moved to wrap around his cock, stroking him up and down, as Cas sunk lower still and licked a wet stripe along his perineum. Dean swore loudly, and his whole body clenched.
“Like it never happened,” said Cas flatly.
Satisfied that Cas’s musical education had been fulfilled, Dean set to downloading Monty Python and hooked it into Cas’s television. A brief conversation ensued, in which Dean was horrified to learn that Cas’s film repertoire was almost as lacking as that of his music.
As Dean’s vision swam and his knees were just about to give out, he realized he might be in a bit over his head. There was likely nothing at all he could teach the bona fide sex god going to town on his dick.
Dean opened his eyes. The dazed expression on Cas’s face had been replaced with a look of pure affection and fondness, and Dean wilted under the intensity of it.
“He’s very different from the little boy I remember.” Mary is looking off in the distance, her memories seeing something that Castiel cannot and he is suddenly curious.
“Yeah,” Dean whispered. “Yeah, okay.” He inched closer, trailed both hands up Cas’s back where his hands found purchase in the folds of feathers. He scritched at them lightly, and Cas arched into him like a cat, letting out a soft sigh and dropping his head to Dean’s shoulder to nuzzle at his neck.
“I don’t know what to say.”
“He suffered a head injury, blunt force trauma, massive internal bleeding, severe lacerations, and several compound fractures. We performed surgery this afternoon and thought the worst was behind us. He was stable for a short time, and then his lung collapsed, so now he’s back in the OR.”
Blue eyes swarmed into his vision again. Cas’s face was contorted in lust, his pupils blown wide. He ground down once, slowly, and Dean’s head fell back at the friction, his legs coming up to wrap around Cas’s waist.
“It’s a Gregorian chant,” said Cas.
Helpfully, Baby turns on the radio to set the mood.
It started polite enough, Cas’s lips grinning against his. It was a little strange, Dean thought, but not at all unpleasant. Cas’s stubble brushed against his own and it was a delicious sort of counterpoint to the softness of Cas’s lips. Cas’s thumb resumed its soothing strokes over his cheekbone, while his other hand moved upwards and tangled into his hair, tracing the lines of his neck along the way. It’s was gentle and sweet; and then, suddenly, it wasn’t. Cas’s tongue was in his mouth, his teeth nipping at his bottom lip with frenzied urgency and Dean let out a long, low moan. He pushed back into Cas’s mouth, equally desperate for the taste of him. He could feel himself getting hard in his jeans and he squirmed uncomfortably.
“Are we done now?”
Cas frowned and looked down at himself as if to confirm, then back up at Dean. “An astute observation,” he said, a little warily.
“I was just talking to my baby here. Ain’t she beautiful? Hey there, sweetheart.” He strokes his hand along the car’s hood again.
Dean’s just pulling a tray of shortbread from the oven when he gets a text from Cas.
Cas stares at him for a long moment before nodding silently.
Dean woke up the next morning with a jolt and it took him a moment to remember where he was. When it came flooding back, he lay staring at the ceiling for a long time, relaxing into the lusciously soft sheets, more pillows than Dean thought was strictly necessary, and a duvet so big and fluffy it nearly swallowed him up. The room Dean found himself in was dusty in places, like it hadn’t been used in a long time. He snooped around, hoping to learn more about Cas, but all of the drawers were empty and the closet bare.
Dean’s eyes snapped up to meet Cas’s. “They’re beautiful.” He said firmly. “You’re beautiful. Fucking… wow.”
“No, I—God. I mean, how did I get here? Who the hell are you?”
“Dean, I’m going to come. I’m coming! I—” His body seizes as Dean pulls back, and Cas lets out a low growl. “Fuck. . . Dean. . .”
Dean paces.
Dean’s smile withered and he turned to point at the parrot. “He was... hungry,” he spluttered.
“Yeah, yeah. Come on, hold this one for me.” Dean pushes a firecracker into Castiel's hands, while he juggles another in his own and flicks at his lighter. “Cheers to the end of an era, Cas. We gotta go out with a bang, right?”
Cas laughed, and wiped them away with his thumbs. “We skipped over so much last time. Got it all assbutt backwards. Not that there’s a right way to do these things, but I know I came on too strong. I always do that, I can’t seem to help it. I know I probably scared you, and I don’t want—“
There was always tomorrow.
“Well, thanks buddy. That was. . . that was really something.” Dean wanders off in search of a towel while Castiel’s heart sinks.
“Consider it payback for the stunt you pulled at our wedding,” Sam smirked.
. It’s
"Everything okay?" He shoots a worried glance in Castiel's direction before turning to Charlie.
He keeps his head tucked against Dean’s shoulder and Dean’s grateful for the lack of eye contact, fairly certain Cas has done so deliberately. This is a thing they do now. After years and years of so many things unsaid, they talk to each other now—
“Except you, Cas. You terrify me.”
They both stared down at it a moment before Dean scooped it up. It didn’t feel quite right to put it back on his own finger just then, so he tucked it into his pocket.
“I’m Castiel,” the man said. He cleared his throat. “Um. Pleasure to meet you….”
Normally she’d appreciate the affection, but right now she’s just annoyed. Dean gets out, pulls his jacket tight against him to shield from the wind and sleet, and does a quick check under her hood. He pokes and prods, but finds nothing. A few moments later he slides back inside, shivering, and dripping rain all over her upholstery.
“Right, um. . . close your eyes, I guess,” Dean says. He shimmies back further into the couch and slides his pants midway down his thighs.
Cas smiled then, and chuckled. “Not if you do it right.”
Eileen rejoined the table, sidling up to Sam who wrapped an arm around her, pulled her close, and pressed a kiss to the top of her head.
He would inevitably head to work the next morning feeling a bit sad, and then guilty about the fact that he was feeling sad. He really was happy for them.
"Does your wing still hurt?"
Thanks for reading and sticking it out to the end! (I can't believe you made it this far.)
Dean froze. A cold panic settled over him. How could this have gone so horribly wrong?
Sam offered to display it in the store for Halloween, and spent the rest of the morning making an elaborate window display, complete with an animated cauldron made to look like the broomstick stirring it was moving on its own.
Two weeks later, the night before Christmas, Dean sits curled with Cas on the sofa again, sipping hot chocolate and admiring the lights of their Christmas tree.
Castiel nods mechanically. He knows this. He was there for every dare Dean’s ever agreed to.
Cas shrugged. “I’ve never had occasion.”
While Dean worked, Cas let Balthazar out of his cage, ostensibly for some exercise. It turned out to be rather ill-advised; they had both underestimated just how forcefully the bird disliked Dean. It chased him all around the apartment, squawking angrily and snapping at him.
“Wow,” Cas said, and his voice sounded a whole octave lower and more gravelly than normal. “That was…”
It wasn’t a question, so Dean didn’t bother with answering. “I have to go,” he whispered. But he couldn’t seem to make himself move.
He bristles at the way Ishim talks to Cas and the way Cas just takes it.
“We’re not. Just open it.”
Cas laughed, and the scowl returned. He reached over to pet her, but she jumped a little and eyed him with hesitation. Her tail twitched back and forth and she sneezed again.
“Doesn’t change the fact that I had to wake up to piss coloured hot water.”
Dean nods to himself and they descend into silence again. It's a softer sort of silence than before though. It's no longer anger that's trying to make itself heard over the stillness between them.
A flicker of guilt passes over Cas’s face. "I know. But I like it here. And I like being able to come home to you without the cloud of the office hanging over me all the time. I guess I’ve been keeping it to myself because I didn’t know how to tell you how unhappy I’ve been at work lately."
Dean’s first conscious thought was that everything was too bright. He squeezed his eyes shut tight, but a white light persisted on the inside of his eyelids. Although he wasn’t about to open his eyes to confirm, he was certain there was sunlight pouring in from a window somewhere. It was too bright, his head was throbbing, and every muscle in his body ached.
Castiel’s jarred out of his thoughts as Dean starts ambling closer to him. He’s so close now that Castiel has to look up from where he’s sitting to meet Dean’s gaze.
Dean’s own voice sounds small and scared when he manages to speak again— manages to isolate the one part in all of this that he’s been able to process. “All this time… why didn’t you say something, Cas?”
They’ve exchanged polite nods in passing each morning, but very few actual words. Hoping to change that, Dean is spending his Sunday afternoon in the front yard, attempting to garden. He’s pulling what looks like weeds and trying his valiant best to encourage the few remaining flowers. And hey, maybe catch another glimpse of his new neighbour.
“Wow. This is going to be a bigger job that I thought.”
Dean opened the envelope further and a photo fell out. Cas’s chin came to rest on Dean’s shoulder and they both peered at it, then back up at Sam and Eileen.
“I want you to know that even if you’re unsure right now, I know
“So, being gay and all, I wasn’t exactly the son they were hoping for.”
-----
He smiled when realized that the black markings on Cas looked sort of like wings. He patted Cas awkwardly on the head, and he wasn’t
Dean’s heart fluttered uncomfortably and he kept reading.
Cas shrugged and Dean continued.
-----
“Promise me you won’t do that again,” Cas finally whispers.
“Like the monks from Monty Python?” Dean explained. “You know?
Cas bristled. “Dean isn’t just pretty, Gabe. And he’s not dumb. He’s smart and kind and loyal. And funny. And a million other things.”
He’s briefly met them both. The crotchety old lady to one side who scowls at him from behind her curtains every time he checks the mail, and the younger guy on the other side who’s about Dean’s age. That neighbour — Castiel — seems friendly enough. He had at least welcomed Dean to the neighbourhood with a warm, very firm handshake. They may have talked about the weather as well, though Dean’s foggy on the details, too taken with Castiel’s bright blue eyes and deep voice. And god, that hair.
Dean grins. “Then I say screw them. Consequences be damned, right?” He laughs. “I guess it’s kind of our thing.”
“Just give him a chance, alright Cas?”
The thing is, Cas hates his job in accounting. He always comes home in a huff, fumbling angrily at the tie around his throat and the buttons of his shirt sleeves. Dean loves Cas in his suit—all stiff pressed lines and taut material stretched tight across his shoulders that makes Dean want to sink to his knees. But he also adores watching Cas come home and shed the layers of stiffness for his worn jeans and hoodie and tumble into Dean’s arms all soft and rumpled.
-----
"Oh my god," Sam said, and Dean followed his stunned gaze to his left where Cas was lying next to him, unmoving. His stomach flipped over at the sight of dark wings stretched out on either side of Cas's prone body.
“Well if it isn’t the happy couple,” she said.
“Forgot my keys,” Cas says, deadpan as ever. He stares at Dean, unmoving, and for the first time in his life Dean can’t tell what Cas is thinking. He hasn’t seen this expression before.
Dean sways slightly on the spot, his face still cradled in Cas’s hands. He’s on a precipice, with a world of fear and anxiety and uncertainty before him. A world with no certainties, no guarantees, and everything to lose. He could back away from the edge. Step aside, laugh it off, and go back to the safety and surety of before.
There was a loud bang and a flash of smoke. When it cleared, Cas was was back to his usual trenchcoated self, sitting cross-legged on the table, wide-eyed and nose-to-nose with Dean. He looked utterly stunned, and Dean was too shocked to move.
“Dean,” Cas whispered, pulling back to look at him solemnly. He brought both hands up to frame Dean’s face, his thumb stroking gently against his jaw. “May I?”
Dean was staring back at him, a frown beginning to pull at his features the longer Cas remained silent and ogling him.
Dean emerges from the washroom examining his own hands with childlike glee, and fuck, Castiel wants to touch him. Dean stares down at his hands as he walks towards Castiel. He’s talking animatedly, but Castiel isn’t listening, lost as he is in his own world.
"It hardly seemed relevant."
Dean’s head whipped around and he looked at Bobby wide-eyed. "How did you—"
A certain restlessness begins to settle in as well. There’s no air conditioning, and the heat in the cabin is stifling. Dean grows tired of his t-shirts sticking to him and takes to wandering around shirtless. They’re both sweaty and miseable, and frustrated at their sudden impotence. They can’t use their hands for
There’s a ferocious determination in Cas’s gaze now, undermined somewhat by his frankly adorable use of air quotes. Dean’s not sure what to do with this information though, so he just keeps staring until Cas speaks again.
“It’s getting harder and harder to know what’s real.”
He remained frozen against the wall, limbs pinned helplessly. A glance in Cas's direction saw him in much the same predicament. The pressure on Dean's throat tightened, and his vision narrowed further as white pricks of light began to dance across his retinas.
Dean didn’t say anything. He didn’t cry, and he didn’t collapse into a chair. He just.. stood there, staring at the woman who was shattering his whole life into tiny little pieces. He almost laughed, because yeah, Cas was his whole life. He could see it now. He could see their lives together, could see what might have been if he’d stayed. And now...
Dean picked up the phone, eyeing it like it was about to explode. He answered, bracing for the worst. “Sam?”
“Hell, maybe it’s not the most conventional start, but there’s something about him. He clearly likes you, and ever since you first laid eyes on him you’ve been tripping all over yourself. I’ve never seen you like this before. Maybe you owe it to both of you to give whatever this is between you a shot.”
girl who followed after the dog. "Hi there, I'm Dean. And you're…?"
“Will you tell me if you want me to stop?”
But as he lay in bed that night, he thought maybe it felt a little less like home than it had a week ago.
Dean leaned into him, confident this time. As their lips met and their arms found their way around one another, Dean relaxed into it, completely unafraid for once in his life.
Dean had to clear his throat a couple of times before his voice would work. “Yeah, I’m here. Is he okay?”
He fell silent as he opened the drawer of the desk. Inside was a notebook and a box of graphite pencils. He carefully lifted the notebook out of the drawer, flipped softly through its pages, and let out a low whistle.
When he finally gets a handle on himself, manages to reel his emotions back in, he opens his eyes and is alarmed to see that Cas is crying. He stares into blue eyes, swimming with hurt and sadness and… something else.
College kids were disappearing in Knoxville, and everyone agreed it was the work of a vampire.
Sam nods. “Yeah. But then again, he did save our lives and you’ve been kind of an ass about it all week.” Dean sighs. “Just talk to him, Dean. He needs to hear it from you.”
“No. I remember why I started drinking last night in the first place.”
Cas appeared too stunned to speak. It wasn’t until Dean started moving again, crouching to tackle the broken egg first, that Cas sprang into action.
“Well I’m going to get the other supplies and get things started,” Sam said. “Take a look, will you? There’s gotta be something of his around here somewhere.”
“Dean,” Cas rumbles, his voice dropping impossibly lower in that way that does things to Dean.
"Cas, what the hell." He grappled with the lapels of the lab coat, helping Cas to sit upright. Cas grimaced in pain, and it was only then that Dean saw the glint of the knife's hilt buried deep in the sinews of Cas's wing. "Oh god, Cas. Shit, shit…"
Cas’s hands slid up from Dean’s face to tangle in his hair, and his wings came to circle around him, pulling him closer with surprising strength. Dean tumbled easily the rest of the way into Cas’s lap and straddled his waist, kissing him deeply.
“Perhaps you could make the case for lack of understanding. Though you knew exactly what you were doing.” He snickered. “An annulment would just void the thing, so it would be like…” he trailed off, searching for the right words.
“God, I’m sorry. I’m like a fucking teenager. I didn’t mean to… I’m normally more…”
Cas nodded glumly.
It’s budget season, so Cas has been stretched thin at work lately. But Dean doesn’t understand why Cas would bother staying late to put in extra time for a company he loathes and an asshole boss that’s just going to take all the credit.
“Huh,” Dean says after a long moment of silence.
His movement jars Castiel’s injured shoulder, and Dean stops when he hears the short gasp of pain behind him. He settles back in carefully next to Castiel’s side and scowls at the bandage. “You don’t seem like you’re fine.”
“A year?” Dean asked. He looked over at Cas who was frowning. “What about an annulment?”
"Jen. And this," she said, kneeling down to join Sam on the floor, "is Brenda."
This isn’t how it was supposed to go.
He doesn’t remember his fifth. It passed unremarked amidst his world crumbling apart.
“Does he seem off to you?”
why you didn’t tell me you were going to the shelter? You didn’t want me to find out about the job?”
Castiel gets back to the bunker late that night. The lead he thought he might have found on Lucifer was nothing but a dead end. He heads straight to the kitchen where he finds Dean on the floor. He’s sitting, legs stretched between the stove and the cabinets, looking for all the world like a small child and Castiel wants to gather him up in his arms and make everything better. Castiel lets himself imagine Dean as a four-year old, as the Dean that Mary knew—all wide green eyes, and freckles, and unfettered wonder at the world around him. Before the weight of the world fell on his shoulders.
“So,” Cas said, reaching up to put the last dish away. “What’s next?”
She's tired and cold and dirty. And Dean is being an idiot.
if I hadn’t done something!” But as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he visibly deflates and stares down at his lap. When he speaks again, his voice is barely louder than a whisper. “I’m sorry to be such a disappointment again, Dean. I guess I don’t always make the best hunting partner.”
“Maybe it’s not what it looks like,” Dean mused. “Maybe we just…”
“Wait, is Dean not— is he not joining us?” Cas asked. He ignored the smirk on Meg’s face.
“So. What’s the plan?” Cas prompted. “What do we do next?”
Dean felt his face colour but Sam mercifully continued.
“Elvis?” Castiel asks.
“You’re alive,” Dean breathed.
“Don’t be. I had a wonderful weekend with you, and it’s really a quite fitting way to pay tribute to my father. He always said he’d see me marry another man over his dead body.” He winked at Dean. “He would have been appalled and none too fond of you, I’m sure.”
“More like a demon,” Dean mutters under his breath.
“Dinner smells amazing,” Cas calls. “I’m just going to have a quick shower first, and—oh!”
mess up this suit,” Cas growled, one eyebrow arched high. But there was no malice in his voice, and the twinkle in his eyes gave him away.
As soon as the garage opened, he sorted things out with them, got the necessary parts replaced, and was able to set out on the road by lunchtime.
Sam sighed. “Alright then, do you happen to know any princesses?”
“Cas, you didn’t… I… nnngh.” With a groan, Dean shoves Cas back a little and blinks away the haze of his arousal.
Cas shuddered again. Dean suddenly realized himself and pulled his hand back quickly.
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas whispered.
-----
He doesn’t get long to dwell on any of it, though, because it’s over quickly. Dean is making frantic noises above him and before Castiel has a chance to do much of anything, Dean is shouting hoarsely and coming in hot spurts down his throat.
Canon typical angst with a happier ending.
“I’m sick of this. I’m so horny I can’t see straight and you’re having pornographic thoughts about a pie.”
Dean doesn’t want to high-five that hand anymore. He wants to hold it. Wants to kiss each knuckle. Wants to slot his own fingers between Cas’s long ones, weave them together, and never let go.
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea, Cas.” Dean said. Frankly, he wasn’t sure he could trust himself now to be in such close proximity. Even here, now, with their annulment papers signed and an ocean of awkwardness between them, Dean itched to touch him and try to smooth away the lines that had formed on his face.
Cas feels whole and loved and like he’s right where he belongs.
Dean had been asking himself the same question. “I don’t know. It’s just— after our mom died, it was just me and him. I guess I thought there’d be more time before we were at this point.”
Dean hadn’t said much on the ride home either, though. He’d been too exhausted. They all had. Without meaning to he’d fallen asleep and when he woke up he’d been slumped against Cas, drooling all over his shoulder. He’d hurriedly sat upright and mumbled an apology, but Cas hadn’t seemed too bothered. He just sat there, stiffly, staring out the window and saying nothing.
Sam rolled his eyes, but smiled, and held up his camcorder, ready to hit play. Dean let out a sigh of relief and reached out to squeeze Cas’s hand again.
Darkness descends on the street, causing the lights around him to blur slightly. A neon blue cross emits a bright glare, it’s light like a halo against the reddish glow of the alley. Dean had sounded strange on the phone, and the Dean-feeling in his chest continues to expand. Perhaps Dean doesn’t believe him. He recalls how he watched Dean after he'd pulled him from Hell, and he understands now what he didn’t then— the desperate need to find and connect with those you’ve left behind, to know that your family is safe and well. No one would answer Dean’s calls when he returned. Bobby thought he was dead, and what's dead stays dead. Mostly.
“Cas, I’m so damned crazy about you too, you have no idea.”
The man glanced up at him as he entered. “You give pretty incredible head for someone who isn’t gay.”
“Dean.” Cas sits up on one elbow and scowls at him.
It was true. Every suit he’d tried on so far had been a little too tight through the chest and shoulders, but baggy in the legs. Dean attempted a few covert glances at Cas’s thighs, which, now that he was looking, did seem quite a lot larger than his own.
“It’s a little funny,” he said, still chuckling. “And look, you were just defending yourself anyway.”
Dean panicked. He had just resolved to check the bedroom and washroom for signs of a second party, when he heard a key turning in the front door.
Cas set the cat down on the sidewalk as he fumbled with the keys to his Continental. He eyed the cat curiously, wondering if maybe she might wander off on her own. Surely she had a home nearby and knew where to go. But as soon as he got the door to his car open, the cat hopped in of its own accord and settled into the passenger seat.
“Additionally, you’re wearing far too many clothes.”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I know it didn’t mean anything, what we did at the cabin. We were just making the best of a bad situation. I know you were thinking of the porn star the whole time, I get it, and I swear, I tried to pretend. I really did. I’m sorry if I made things awkward, if I pushed you too far, or made it weird, or crossed a line.”
Dean clears his throat. “I uh, I was in kind of a bad way when you di— when you were gone. I can’t go through that again, Cas. I won’t survive it. Please don’t make me.”
He misses how the soft sounds of Cas sleeping next to him used to drown out the crackle of flames in his mind.
Cas looks down at him, fondly but a little nervously. “You uh.. you didn’t want me to leave. I said I could watch over you and um…” he trails off, clearly unsure of himself.
Castiel snorts derisively and Dean glares at him.
Dean frowns and shimmies to prop himself up on his elbows. “That can’t be possible. You’re good, Cas, right down to your core no matter what the circumstances.”
“I could show you.”
He looked over at a tiny woman carrying a small box.
“Dean?” Cas looks around in bewilderment. “I think... I’m going to be late for dinner.”
The concerned look on Cas’s face melts into one of confusion and he squints at Dean. “Wait… you saw my car here and your first thought was that I was having an affair?"
Cas sits up at that. “You’re kidding.”
“Dean?” came a familiar voice.
Desperate to put some distance between them and regain some semblance of control, Dean forced a laugh and said weakly, “It’s going to be kinda hard to divorce you after that.”
“It’s okay,” he mutters.
“Okay!” Cas held up his hands in surrender. “Whatever you say.” He smiled to himself all the same.
The first brush of Dean’s lips against his was soft and tentative, and Castiel responded eagerly. He slid his hands up Dean’s neck and let his fingers thread through his hair. Dean made a pleased sound, and then laughed, and Castiel pulled back in confusion.
“You still hung up on that sickly old cat?”
Dean nodded and the words were barely out of his mouth before Cas was on him, kissing him furiously, his hands tangling in Dean’s hair and pulling just slightly. He gasped at the sudden flash of pain and Cas pulled back quickly, his hands running over Dean’s hair in gentle, soothing motions.
“It’s okay.” She smiles and pats his arm, and Castiel leans into the touch. Mary is so free with her affections and Castiel finds himself hoping that this particular trait will wear off on her son.
"The vampire could be any one of these people," Cas said, voice low in Dean's ear. "How are we supposed to know?" He scowled irritably. "And I don't understand why people want to dress up like monsters. There's nothing glamourous or sexy about zombies, Dean."
Dean gives it a long moment, savouring the look on Castiel’s face, before he finally clears his throat.
“I uh,” Dean stammers. “I don’t know what you heard, but—”
After tidying the kitchen and prepping for dinner, Dean surveys the rest of their home. They haven’t got a tree yet, but Dean has the day off work and has been thinking about making Christmas cookies after he rips up the tile in the downstairs washroom. Maybe he’ll put up some decorations, too—he has a box of old stuff from his parents’ house that Sam dropped off the last time he was over: lights, tinsel, and strings of that tacky sparkly garland that was popular when they were kids. He’s certain Cas will really love it though, if his car is anything to go by. The Continental is the epitome of tacky.
He opened his bedroom door and the cat, who had been leaning heavily against it, came tumbling into the room and landed clumsily at his feet. She looked up at him and sneezed.
“Exactly.” Sam agreed.
“Don’t patronize me. Of course I was. I was damn incredible.” Cas turns his head to stare at him with soft eyes and a smile he’s trying to bite down on. “Screw you, I could be a good dancer, you know.”
Cas spun around and froze like a deer in headlights. Then his shoulders sagged and he gestured around the kitchen in dismay. “I tried to cook breakfast.”
“Where did you get this?”
Cas hums. “I know there’s been a lot of people in your life that have left you,” Cas says. “I hope you can trust that I’m not going to be one of them.”
“Hurry up and fuck me already, would you?” Dean was immensely grateful for the position he had settled on so he could hide his face in the pillow and Cas wouldn’t see how red he was getting.
Hysterical laughter threatened to bubble up in Dean. “You uh.. you’re not gonna hit me with that, are you?” he asked, hoping to lighten the mood. It failed miserably.
Castiel had been pacing outside of the warding for hours, anxious to find Sam and reunite the Winchesters. He had felt himself relax slightly as the familiar rumble of the impala drew closer, but frowned when he saw that Dean was not alone.
He had been royally pissed last night, he remembered. And who could blame him? What kind of overgrown, floppy haired moose of a brother drops that sort of bomb and expects you to just be okay with it?
Dean recited it to him. As Cas entered the numbers, he chuckled to himself. “Dean Winchester,” he said slowly, typing the name. “Relationship: Husband. I’m totally putting you down as my emergency contact, hubby.” He winked at Dean who rolled his eyes.
"Demon-pire!" Dean managed to squeak out, before the monster flicked its hand again and an invisible pressure squeezed hard on his windpipe, leaving him gasping for air.
And it is. The car fills with the sounds of Christmas songs.
Cas’s head tilted slightly to one side as he considered him.
“Dean?” Cas asks. There’s nothing forceful in it, just gentle concern. “I’m right here with you, okay?”
He pulled back the blankets, but before he could climb in, the cat jumped to the very middle of the bed, sprawled on her back, and resumed her purring. Castiel waited for her to move again, but when it became evident that she was settling in for the night, Castiel sighed again and shimmied in. He balanced precariously at the edge of the bed so as not to lay on top of the cat and yet not fall out of bed himself. Once he’d settled awkwardly on his back, the cat curled into his side and laid her head on his chest. He scratched behind her ears, and the vibrations from her purrs settled into his body.
“Come for me, Dean.”
“Well she can’t stay here,” Sam said. “She’ll murder me in my sleep, I’m sure of it. Besides, Dean’s allergic.”
Dean frowned, trying to remember a blonde woman that night, but came up empty. He cleared his throat. “So, we couldn’t have done anything without a license. We can’t be married, then.”
“This is totally salvageable,” Dean lied. “You clean up, and I’ll finish cooking, okay?
He managed to get out.
They stumbled towards the bedroom, peeling layers of clothing off as they went. While trying to pull his shirt off without breaking their kiss, Dean’s elbow connected with the lamp in the living room and it shattered to the floor.
As he moves behind Cas, Dean reaches to smooth down the angel’s ridiculous bedhead before he catches himself and lowers his arm back down to his side. He puts another pot of coffee on and starts breakfast, banging drawers a little louder than is strictly necessary.
But he is interrupted by Castiel surging forward. He kisses Dean with all the ferocity and passion of a decade’s worth of unresolved longing. Dean’s hands slip on the leather seats as they grapple for purchase, until he finds it in the folds of Castiel’s shirt. He clings, desperate and frantic. A soft, breathy moan escapes him into Castiel’s answering mouth.
“By blowing the place up?” Dean asked.
They go on their first real date later that night. Dean’s fidgety and nervous, and changes his outfit a dozen times. He plans to take Cas to the fancy-ass restaurant downtown that serves caviar and escargot, until Cas reminds him that neither of them like those foods and pleads with Dean to go to the Roadhouse for burgers instead.
Castiel spun around so fast he sent his display toppling to the floor in a crash.
He tries to take matters into his own hands at night. Figuratively speaking of course, since he can’t actually use his hands as nature intended. Instead, he tries balling up his blanket and thrusting into it. But it’s old — probably older than Castiel himself — and painfully scratchy. Castiel flops over onto his back and lets out an exasperated sigh.
He shuts his eyes obediently, and lowers his head to Dean’s groin. Under the guise of not being able to see, he allows himself a few seconds to nose around at Dean’s navel and lick tentatively before Dean is gently guiding him into place with bandaged hands to the back of Castiel’s head.
And it was nice knowing Cas wasn’t going anywhere. No flapping off to important angel business. Dean found he really enjoyed breakfast in the morning with Cas. He set him down on the table alongside his plate of breakfast.
She is upset, to say the least. Only a week ago, she had been warm and cozy, freshly waxed and tucked away in the bunker garage where she had hoped to spend the holidays in luxurious comfort. Instead, she is miles from home, and growing crankier by the hour.
Castiel gets home to the bunker late, but Dean’s still up, nursing two fingers of whiskey. Turns out his
Dean stops suddenly at the sound of rustling behind him and whirls around to find Cas standing slack-jawed in the doorway. Pimmy dances excitedly in her cage at the sight of him.
“Earth to Dean!”
Dean’s not sure he’d be able to explain it. At least in hell the pain was a distraction but in the cell there was nothing but himself. Dean could handle the rack in hell, could stare down demons and monsters and everything scary that goes bump in the night. He wasn’t afraid of anything, not even of death. But he couldn’t fucking sit in a prison cell alone with himself.
“He was their torturer, did you know? Their expert, brought in to pull information forcefully from human minds.”
New images swarmed in Dean’s mind of Cas deliberately stepping off a curb.
“Mmm.”
Dean smirks. "Missed me that much, huh?"
“Don’t you dare.”
Cas shook his head and his expression reverted to normal. “Nothing. I thought you weren’t hungry?”
“Well I won’t argue that, but I’m pretty sure we’re both idiots, Dean. And if it’s all the same, I’d like to do it proper this time. I’d like all the things we didn’t get to have before. A first date… holding your hand… goodnight kisses.” Cas looked at him with no small amount of apprehension. He needn’t have worried though.
Cas cocks his head to the side and narrows his eyes, unsure at first what she’s referring to.
Cas snorts, then smiles softly. “You know, I think you’ll find he’s not much changed after all.”
Cas’s face relaxed as understanding dawned on him and Dean reddened.
Castiel sighs. “Guy who played in On The Road? I made you watch it? Look, I’m fine. So just shut up and drop your pants. Or are you too chicken for your own dare?”
for it and has been feeding it scraps of food ever since.
“Mr. Winchester?” the nurse prompted.
Sam unlocked the door and slid it open a few inches, peering out into the dark. A sharp gust of cold wind blew in alongside a large, very angry looking cat. Sam pushed the door shut again, and they all stared in silence for a long moment at the windswept creature that had bounded into the living room.
Dean stepped back down onto the floor and surveyed the damage. There was still a lot of smoke, but not enough that an open window or two wouldn’t fix. The blackened eggs were still sizzling in the sink, emitting the occasional hiss. The pancakes looked like they might be salvageable, though why they had been stacked on a plate and cooking in the oven was beyond Dean’s comprehension.
Dean woke early the next morning to sunlight just beginning to glint off Baby’s dash. He groaned, and stretched out his cramped limbs. His neck had a kink and his back was killing him.
Cas chuckled, and looked up at Dean. “Relax,” he said, then peppered soft little kisses all along the inside of his thighs. The hand on his dick began to move faster, up and down, the thumb occasionally sliding across the slit and smearing through pre-come.
“She’s a ferret, Dean, as you well know. And I couldn’t just leave her there.”
The sun is close to setting by the time he finds a payphone and dials the number he knows by heart. He finds himself holding his breath as it rings, letting it out in a rush when Dean picks up.
He grabs at Dean like he’s drowning, one hand tangling in his hair and the other running across his shoulder and down his back. He gets his hands under Dean’s t-shirt and lifts it up to reveal the warm expanse of skin beneath. He pulls gently and Dean lifts it off over his head.
The frog croaked and Sam shot an incredulous look at Dean.
“I told you, man,” Sam said. “We didn’t want this to be a big thing. We didn’t want a bachelor or bachelorette party. We didn’t want bells and whistles and load of people we didn’t know. We just wanted each other.”
He glanced over at Cas, silently asking permission. Cas stared back unperturbed, so Dean continued.
“I explained that you’d need to get a marriage license, but other than that, you were pretty much free to marry anyone in the place. And I think you took it as a personal challenge, because next thing we knew, you were marching right over to this guy here,” he nodded at Cas, “and getting down on one knee like an idiot.”
Dean was halfway through on his way to the living room when he stopped in his tracks. There was a new addition in the kitchen: a shiny new spice rack sat on the counter. Dean gave it a gentle spin and watched it whirl around. It was full of things like cumin, and thyme, and cloves. Curious now, Dean had a quick peek in the fridge. No takeout containers or pizza boxes. Dean straightened up and saw the neat stack of books on top of the fridge. He ran a finger over their spines, reading the titles of the various beginner cookbooks.
Dean slid the Coleman cooler across the table and gestured at it. “Inside.” He sighed, rubbing his hand over his mouth.
. He wasn’t sure what, just yet, but there was an uncomfortable feeling brewing in his gut whenever he thought of leaving. Perhaps he was just coming down with something. Brushing the thought aside, he prepared to get down to business.
“Fine, Garret Hedlund.”
Dean munched on the popcorn that Cas had settled in between them, and tried very hard to focus on the movie and not on the man sitting so close to him. He eventually relaxed, and by the time Han Solo was frozen in carbonite, he was so into the movie he had forgotten all about Cas. He was soon reminded when he reached into the popcorn bowl absent mindedly and bumped hands with him.
As he lay in bed staring up at the ceiling, Dean pressed his fingers to his lower lip, feeling the faintly lingering sensation of Cas’s lips on his. It was much later, just before he finally slipped into a fitful sleep, that he remembered they hadn’t finished with the annulment papers.
“I’m sorry, okay?” he says. “I swear, we can just pretend this never happened. We can go right back to being friends, and—”
Dean opted for an Indiana Jones getup, complete with hat and leather whip.
He’s aching by the time Cas’s tongue laps softly at the head of his cock. Soft, teasing licks that seem to go on forever before Cas takes pity on him and draws the head fully into his mouth and sucks. Without meaning to, Dean’s hips jerk up and Cas groans happily around him, taking him deeper. Dean tangles one hand in the sheets and the other in Cas’s hair as Cas finds his rhythm.
“Thanks,” he managed, and handed the papers back to Cas. “It’s for the best, you’ll see.”
-----
Cas rolled into the space that Dean vacated and reached up to trace his fingers down Dean’s back. He trailed his fingers up and down, swirling in loops and curves over the muscles of Dean’s back, and probably his freckles, Dean realized. It was not quite ticklish, and the light touch felt so good Dean almost groaned before he realized that Cas hadn’t answered him.
Cas doesn’t forget it. In fact, he obsesses about it for days. There’s one glaring problem with Dean’s request: Castiel’s a little in love with Dean. A lot, actually, if he’s being honest with himself. He has been for years. Nothing good can ever come of Dean knowing though, and so Castiel has always kept that particular secret locked safely away.
Once safely inside the washroom, Dean fell to his knees at the toilet and began dry heaving, clinging to the toilet bowl with white knuckles. He stared at his hands and realized that his ring was missing.
Castiel snorted at that, because it was just ridiculous. But Dean smiled, and Castiel felt his heart pound faster as Dean reached toward him and brushed a thumb lightly over his stubble.
They descend once again into brooding, sulking silence. Ordinarily, Baby would be grateful for the quiet, but the tension is sharp and uncomfortable. She’s had just about enough of their bullshit, and her resolve finally cracks. With an almighty groan, she comes to a stop. Dean sputters and swears as she allows him to steer her slowly to the side of the road. Then she shuts everything down.
“I’m not—”
He will mourn his brother later, privately.
His other hand clenched in Cas’s wings and his rhythm faltered when he felt something warm and oily squirt in his hand. He pulled back.
Castiel shrugs, but doesn’t say anything.
He caught a flash of silver though, and dimly registered a knife just as the monster hurled it through the air towards him. He flinched, utterly unable to defend himself, and braced for the knife's deadly blow to his chest.
“You okay?” Dean had squatted next to him and helped retrieve some of the scattered books. He handed them over with a gentle smile that made Castiel’s insides melt.
Cas worked him open with his tongue and fingers, slow and methodical. Dean couldn’t see Cas’s face from where he was buried in the pillow, but he would have bet money that Cas had that little frown that he made whenever he was intensely focused. Every so often Cas stopped and pulled out completely. Ignoring Dean’s protests to hurry the fuck up, he crawled back on top of him, pressing him firmly into the mattress, and trailing feather light kisses all across his shoulders and down his back, letting his own cock rub teasingly at the line of Dean’s ass. Then he slid back down and resumed his ministrations.
Dean let out a breathy laugh, and tried to school his voice into something more casual. “Don’t see that happening any time soon, buddy. But yeah,” he added hastily when Cas frowned at him. “Sure thing.”
An hour into his shift, Bobby approached him again as Dean was making his third attempt at reconnecting an old engine.
“Are you idjits tryin’ to kill me?”
Dean smiles to himself as a revenge plan begins to formulate. Some good-natured fun that will hopefully ease the tension between them and allow them to start over fresh.
He confesses to the slime stain in his shower every morning. “I love him,” Dean whispers, the words drowned beneath the heavy sound of water.
“You were going to leave me,” Cas mutters. “Again.”
“I asked you how long,” Cas says, and he takes a small step towards Dean, his voice softening. “Now ask me.”
“Whatever. Look, are you sure you want a divorce?”
“Really?”
Suddenly, there was a bang outside, and Castiel jumped so high that Meg giggled.
This was how it was supposed to go.
“He’s a very insightful soul. Nonjudgmental, too,” Cas adds.
“Right, okay.” Dean cleared his throat, and willed himself to concentrate, did his best to steady his shaking hands. The worst of the pain seemed to have eased when the knife was removed, but Cas still flinched a little at the first touch of the needle, the end of his wing thumping once against the floor, but he bit his lip and was silent.
Cas tipped his head to the side very slowly and seemed to consider Dean for a long moment.
Dean slumped down into the nearest chair. This was bad.
“She not evil,” Cas insisted. “She’s just— oh, look! Aww.” The cat had sneezed again, then started shivering. “We should keep her inside overnight; it's dangerous for cats to be outside around Halloween. Anything could happen to her out there.”
“Dean…”
“I know, I don’t cook much for myself. I’ve never been very good at it.” He perked up. “Perhaps you could teach me!”
Castiel’s family hires a private nurse and insists that Castiel recuperate at the family cabin, far away from prying eyes. After a lengthy battle of wills, Castiel relents and agrees to go — on condition that Dean come with him.
“What? No!” Cas lurched forward, nearly tripping over the cord of the lamp. He set it down on the table.
“What happened?” Dean groaned.
Cas gave him a curious look and cocked his head to one side. “What about your father?” he asked.
“Cas, please.” Dean forces himself to look at Cas, to let Cas see him. He’s ready to vibrate out of his skin with how badly he needs this—needs Cas—needs something that’s just them right now. “Just… please.”
Dean found he didn’t care.
Then all at once it’s gone. Cas sighs deeply and his shoulders sag again.
Cas grappled with the front of Dean’s pants, and Dean let out a hiss when Cas’s long fingers finally wrapped around his length, pulling him free. He rolled his hips, bit his lip at the feel of himself alongside Cas.
Sam, ever the sensible one, did not come on this hunt. But the other one is with Dean. The strange one, who smells of ozone and otherness. Castiel, he is called. Or Cas, as Dean and Sam like to call him. He was unsettling at first, all those years ago. He would materialize into her seat unexpectedly, startling both Dean and herself, and filling her interior with a crackling, simmering energy that she had been barely able to contain. He has always been larger somehow than his shape would suggest, and that made her wary at first.
Dean backed away slowly, hands in the air. “He’s awfully protective of you,” Dean said warily.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted, his voice hoarse and ragged with longing.
“Right.” Cas smiled a little wickedly. “Shall we get you suited up for a wedding, then?”
“Morning, sunshine!” Dean smiles as Cas stumbles groggily into the kitchen and makes a beeline for the coffee pot. The machine splutters at him and Cas scowls before filling his travel mug and sagging against the counter to savour the first sip.
“What?” Dean stammers.
“It’s Charlie,” she says, rolling her eyes. But her gaze is kind and she opens a gate for Dean to step into the enclosure behind the desk. “Any friend of Cas is a friend of mine.”
“But he was sweet. Dean always wanted to take care of everyone. He was always playing doctor and putting bandages on us. Or pretending to be a policeman and keeping us safe. He’d know, even as a child, when I was sad and try to cheer me up. And when Sammy came along, he took to being a big brother like a fish in water. He was always checking on Sammy, making sure Sammy was okay. Some nights we’d find Dean asleep in the nursery, on the floor next to Sammy’s crib…” Mary trails off, and Castiel assumes she is remembering the last time she went to look in Sammy’s nursery. He clears his throat and Mary continues.
“I never—” started Dean, but Sam cut him off.
“Go to sleep, Dean.”
Cas nodded as he flipped through the pages and tried not to sneeze as dust bunnies billowed up from everywhere. It seemed more like an old family almanac than a grimoire, in Castiel’s opinion. Sure, there were some odd symbols and Latin scribbled in some the margins, but it was mostly instructions for herbal remedies: cures for allergies, warts, and headaches, all of which called for perfectly natural ingredients like nettle and goldenrod.
Dean had a peek in the kitchen before heading upstairs. There was a mountain of dirty bowls in the sink, but not a lot else. Evidently his dad had been subsisting on cereal for the past few days. The homemade frozen meals Dean had prepared for him ahead of time were still in the freezer.
“Baby brother! I found someone for you.”
Dean looks down at Cas’s hand on the couch between them, his long tan fingers splayed wide, making each knuckle stand out. Dean knows these hands. They have high-fived him, and wrestled with him, and held him when his mother died. When these hands were smaller, they caught frogs and lizards and ladybugs— held them carefully before releasing them safely back into the world. There’s the faint outline of a scar on the back of this particular hand from when Cas was thirteen and burnt himself trying to bake cookies.
Castiel stares. “You can’t be serious.”
And well, old friends bicker.
“Dean…”
Life continued pretty much as it always had for the next several weeks. Dean got up, went to work at the garage, came home, fixed dinner for his Dad, and went to bed. Then got up and did it all over again.
“Oh god, me too. Thanks to you.” Dean winks at him and Castiel jolts in surprise.
It’s never been anything less than incredible with Cas. Because it’s
The bird squawked suddenly, breaking the silence, and Dean started. He made his way hurriedly to the living room where Balthazar was waiting impatiently. His dish was empty, and Dean dug around in the closet for the bag of food pellets he’d seen Cas give him. He opened the cage door just a crack and carefully snaked his hand inside to fill the dish. The bird snapped at him and Dean cursed, dropping pellets all over the bottom of the cage.
At least he hadn’t missed the wedding. He could still make it tonight. That is, if Sam still wanted him there. Chances were good that Sam wanted nothing to do with him right now. He debated calling Sam right then and there, but decided against it. If Sam really was mad, it was historically better to give Sam some space. In the meantime, Dean would try to figure out what had happened the night before, so he knew exactly what he needed to apologize for.
“An affair?” The redhead named Charlie comes out from around the counter and nudges Cas. “This guy? You’ve gotta be kidding me. You must be—”
“Oh, sorry,” he mumbled, and pulled his hand back, startled.
It's cold and wet and everything around them is swirls of fog and mist, making it hard for her headlights to cut through anything. Baby growls her frustration, her wheels squealing on the sleet beneath them.
“You little shit,” Cas muttered, as he pulled the cat off the bookshelf and set her back on the floor. “Here, I have tuna.”
If Baby could roll her eyes, she would.
. To taste where his hands can’t touch. But as he sways forward, Dean lets out a sudden laugh and clambers to his feet.
“Shit.” Dean scrambled to the floor to clean up at the same time Cas did and they bumped foreheads. Hard.
Cas’s continues to squint at him in confusion and cocks his head to one side. “Well, yes. I’ve been trying to cover up the smells of the shelter so it didn’t affect you, but I didn’t want to take any chances.”
you.”
He fell asleep each night with his phone in hand, smiling at the last text he’d received from Cas. And he would wake up each morning, checking for anything new.
“Fine,” Cas sighed with exaggeration. “You fill out your part, I’m going to make us some popcorn.” Cas slid the papers across the coffee table to Dean then disappeared into the kitchen.
“Can I try?” Cas asked, with an edge of nervousness.
"There's nothing sexy about angels."
“Yeah, well, it could have been better. You don’t have much to work with here, man.”
“Hell if I know.”
He catches a brief glimpse of Dean’s reddening face before he turns away, though the evidence is clear in the blush that spreads to the back of his neck.
The bunker is full, and although more spare rooms seem to have sprouted from nowhere, they're all occupied now. The room Castiel sometimes stays in is full of snoring soldiers, and so, through some unspoken arrangement, he finds himself in Dean’s room.
“Oh, um… here.” He pulled it off quickly, sliding it across the table to Dean.
Taking advantage of the time alone, he called Bobby to let him know that he’d be home later than expected. Bobby grumbled an awful lot about Dean taking more time off work from the garage, but he changed his tune when he told him about Sam’s surprise wedding.
Cas reached over and patted him on the back brusquely. Dean wiped away tears from laughing so hard, his breathing beginning to return to normal. He let out a long sigh. Cas had stopped patting him, but his hand was still sitting warm and heavy on his back. He turned to look more fully at Cas, and found him leaning impossibly close.
There was nothing for it. Dean stood there, bracing for the worst.
“What was he like?” Dean finally asks.
“Gabe!”
Cas!” Dean spluttered. “Where did they even come from?! I thought they were just, you know, shadowy things.”
Dean frowns. Normally, Cas’s emoji-riddled texts never fail to make him smile, but this is the third time in only a week and a half that Cas has stayed late at work.
Cas trails his mouth down to kiss over Dean’s pulse point and rolls his hips in a slow, languid motion. Dean bucks up to meet him, head falling back against the couch with a groan.
“What’s sex like with a guy?” Cas repeated, frowning.
He nearly burnt the French toast.
“You wish,” Dean mutters. But he does shrug out of his jacket.
Dean carried Cas with him to the kitchen and set him down on the counter as he set about making breakfast. Cas seemed disinclined to stay in the bowl today though, and instead made a wild hop and perched himself on Dean’s shoulder, where he remained.
Weeks passed, and one day Cas informed him that he’d received a notice from the county clerk’s office. The annulment had been granted, and was finalized.
“That’s what I thought. And assuming we can even find one, who’s going to want to kiss a frog? I mean, look at him.” He gestured at Cas and wrinkled his nose in disgust.
“Yes, that’s what I told the police,” he said bitterly. “I was just coming from there actually, and the locksmith…” he trailed off and turned to Dean, seeming to really see him for the first time.
“I can’t believe he was serious about that,” Cas laughs and Dean squints at him in suspicion.
Cas crouches down in front of Dean, and places one firm hand on his knee, grounding him. Dean looks up, startled, and Cas reaches out his other hand. With a single finger, he begins to trace the freckles on Dean’s face with such tenderness that Dean has to shut his eyes against all of it; all the concern and care and gentleness. There’s no way he’s worth this. Cas is ancient, powerful, immortal. Dean is just a fuckup and should have been dead many times over already. Cas has ripped up the script again, and gambled with cosmic consequences and all for what?
“You know,” Bobby said. “It’d be faster if you flew.”
Cas still hadn’t said anything, just continued to stare. It was unsettling. But after a few moments, Cas straightened and said, “How about breakfast?”
They stand together in silence again for a time, leaning against the truck. Then Mary straightens up, stretching. “Well Castiel, as nice as this chat has been, I think it’s time we go find our boys.” She looks at him boldly, as if daring him to defy her. There is a stubborn set to her face that is all too familiar to Castiel and he is taken aback by the resemblance. He considers telling her no, but then realizes that Dean has been gone for far too long now. Something must be wrong.
“Yes,” Cas said with no hesitation, not even looking up from his plate as he began cutting his kiwi neatly into small pieces alongside his eggs.
There was smoke coming from the oven too, and Dean peeked in to find a plate of what appeared to be pancakes just beginning to singe on the edges. He yanked the oven mitts away from Cas and pulled the plate out, carefully setting it on the counter.
Dean stared incredulously and Cas took this as an invitation to explain further. Dean cut him off with a loud snort around the time he started talking about monophonic liturgies and diatonic scales.
“Dean. Breathe with me. In... out. In… out.”
Bobby pulled him to his feet and gave him a gruff hug. Dean squeezed hard, hoping it would convey all his love and gratitude and everything he couldn’t put into words.
“Ready to go, Sammy?” came a deep, cheerful voice from the doorway.
“Dean!” Cas came running over in alarm, and then his hands were on Dean, touching his face, assessing the damage. Dean desperately willed the flush in his face to go down and stared at the ceiling, the floor, then at a random spot to the left of Cas’s head. But Cas took his face gently in both hands and turned it to face his own. Blue eyes bored into his and they stood that way for a long moment, just staring. Dean could feel his heart pounding faster and faster. It must be the adrenaline from hitting his head, Dean reasoned.
He’s distracted — crouched down in the dirt trying to figure out whether a large leafy thing is a viable plant or just a weed — when he hears his neighbour call out to him in a low voice.
There was a wheezing noise that took Dean a few moments to realize was the sound of his own lungs struggling to get air. He was hot. Too hot. He pulled at his shirt, and the room blurred more, darkening at the edges. He heard a deep voice somewhere far in the distance.
Dean hesitates too, but a moment later he is collapsing into his arms, shaking slightly, pulling Castiel tight, and it’s
He sat back on the tile floor and looked around. The washroom was huge. There was a deep soaker tub, a large marble vanity, and a walk-in shower. His ass was warm and he realized with a start that the floor was heated. He let out a low whistle of appreciation.
“Hello Dean.” The man smiled at him warmly and extended a hand down to him. For a bewildering moment, Dean thought he was offering to shake his hand, but then his hand was gripped tightly and he was pulled to his feet.
When he gets closer, Dean sees that Cas is trembling slightly and curled in on himself, making his usually large frame seem much smaller. His blue eyes are vacant and searching for a moment before they settle on Dean’s and widen in surprise.
Cas squinted at him, his expression unreadable.
“Yes!” he nearly shouted, a split second too late and much too loudly. “Yes…” he said, more quietly. He swayed closer into Cas’s warmth and was met with lips against his. Though he couldn’t see him, he could feel Cas smiling.
Dean groans, but turns to face him.
To Cas’s credit, he doesn’t seem upset. He kisses his way back up Dean’s torso and arches a brow at him. Dean shrugs helplessly and Cas smiles fondly.
Dean stopped short one day when the coffee shop across the street from the garage had a new item on the menu: honey lattes. Something terrible ached in Dean, and he caved. He ordered one, snapped a picture, and sent it to Cas.
Dean tried very, very hard not to think about Cas. But as the desert flashed past him, every time his mind started to wander, his thoughts circled back to sad blue eyes and soft whispers. He shook his head to clear it.
Dean persisted, unable to stop himself now. “It doesn’t, you know… hurt at all?”
There are a million things he wants to say. A million little explosions happening in his brain, and he’s having trouble processing. Having trouble believing that any of this is real right now. Any moment, Cas is going to laugh and the whole thing will have been a joke.
“You definitely would have won the costume contest if we’d stuck around tonight.”
Cas gave a sad sort of smile, and slid his hands down from Dean’s hair to cup his face instead. He ran his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone, soft and gentle. Dean felt it everywhere, spreading through his limbs and curling low in the base of his spine. He shuddered and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, Cas’s face was only inches from his own, blue eyes boring into him.
Castiel wakes up in a bed to the sound of beeping and high-pitched ringing in his ears. Somewhere to his left, Dean is swearing.
And then Cas laughed and shook his head. “I won’t marry you, Dean.”
“No,” Dean said. “Why?”
They don’t talk about it after.
“The wedding?” Cas asked, perking up.
Cas thought he had experienced most of what humanity had to offer, but he was wrong. This is something else entirely, having the taste of Dean in his mouth. He thought he knew what this was after his time with April but this is altogether different. Everything is brighter, every sensation amplified as if he can feel his grace echoing in Dean.
They drink a lot, actually, and everything’s a little warm and fuzzy for Dean when they finally say their goodnights. Sam wanders off to his room and Dean makes to follow, ruffling Cas’s hair on his way out.
“No, you’re not. So Dean-o doesn’t love you back. He’s just some dumb, doe-eyed jock. We’ll find you another one that’s just as pretty.”
He had brushed his teeth and changed into his pajamas, and was just climbing into bed when he heard a thwacking noise. A small paw was poking up from the underside of his door and scratching valiantly at the wood. It retreated, and a distinctly morose meow could be heard. A sneeze, then a flopping noise, and the paw re-emerged, smacking at the underside of the door again.
By the end of the first week, though, boredom begins to settle in. The shock of being at the epicenter of a small explosion has passed, and so too has the sharp pain in their bandaged hands. It dulls to a steady ache that Castiel can forget with enough distraction and medication. The painkillers are easy to come by; distractions, not so much.
Cas shrugs. "I didn't like that I was coming home from work in such a foul mood all the time and dumping that on you. Spending some time here after work helps me to unwind and Meg here doesn't seem to mind my bad moods much."
Dean sighs.
-----
On the fourth day, as Dean peers out his window to check for the all-clear, he realizes with sudden horror that he has become the the old lady next door: scowling at his neighbour and peeking out at him through his curtains. If Dean is going to spend the next few years here — and he certainly plans to — he needs to make nice with the neighbour. If he could only level the playing field somehow…
“I’m changed because of you.”
And Dean could have pulled away— should have pulled away when Cas’s hands came up to either side of his face and held him, inches from his own. Instead, Dean found himself leaning closer.
“I’ve thought about it, and I don’t think I can wait to watch the next one,” Cas announced. “We can do this later, can’t we?”
Dean stared hard at his phone, too stunned to formulate a coherent reply.
Dean went perfectly still.
Castiel rolls his eyes. It’s stupid, and pointless, and completely, ridiculously absurd.
Dean can breathe a sigh of relief once he has Sam and Cas back in the bunker, safe. As he’s collecting beer in the kitchen with Sam, he takes the opportunity to talk to his brother alone out of earshot of the angel.
Dean groaned. It was a mark of just how tired he was that he was even considering the possibility of a relationship. He was being ridiculous. There was no way they could stay married. Dean didn’t
Castiel laughed, but let out a low whistle when Sam slid the book over to him. It was definitely old, that much was certain. He ran his fingers gingerly over the cover and opened it to reveal delicate, yellowing pages.
“I’m in,” Dean announced, and smirked at the surprised look on Cas’s face. “Hell, don’t most divorcing couples get a last hurrah or something?” He winked. “This can be ours. What happens in Vegas and all.”
He remembers his sixth though, singing happy birthday to himself in a dark motel room.
But a stiff female voice answered. “Is this Dean Winchester?”
Baby has seen a lot of bloodshed. She has been witness to countless horrors. To anger, violence, chaos, revenge. To all of the evils of the world. But more than all of these things, she has been witness to love. To the legos stuck in her vents, chubby little legs kicking, and high pitched giggles. To cherished initials in her very steel; permanence carved solemnly by small hands. To two orphaned boys against the world, finding a home within her doors.
He finds him sitting on the back bumper of an ambulance— slumped, and head down, but Dean would have recognized that mess of dark hair anywhere.
Dean rolled his eyes and returned his attention to his attire. He made several attempts with the tie and gave up in a huff. It wasn’t enough that he had to wear a stupid suit, but now he was expected to wear a tie as well. This was just plain stupid. He wandered down the hall to Cas’s room seeking assistance. The door was halfway open and so he kicked it a little to open it the rest of the way and walked in, still frowning down at his tie and fiddling with it. “Hey Cas, can you—”
all around him before he was consumed by it and toppled headlong over the edge. He collapsed onto Cas, shuddering apart in his arms.
All at once, Cas stood up again, and pulled Dean down the hall into his bedroom. He pushed him lightly, and Dean staggered backwards towards the bed. They quickly shed the last of their clothes and Cas crowded into Dean’s space, flooding Dean’s senses with the heady scent of him. Dean let his hands roam tentatively along the hard muscle of Cas’s chest and watched blue eyes darken in lust.
“So uh..” Dean started, unsure of how exactly how to proceed with this. He decided that quick and direct was the best approach.  “Are you gay?” he whispered.
Sam snorted and Eileen choked a little on her drink. Sam quickly patted her on the back, and then rubbed circles into it once she had cleared her throat. Dean tracked the movement and saw that his hand never moved, sliding down to rest comfortably on the small of her back. She leaned over just slightly into his space so they were closer.
When they were kids, they slept in the same room all the time. In the summer, they would put up a tent in the backyard and share an air mattress, but Dean realizes belatedly that they’re a good deal larger now than they were when they were kids, and sharing a bed isn’t quite as comfortable as it once was. Nor is Dean’s bed as big as he’d imagined.
Castiel blinks. Dean is scared of him? This is so much worse than he’d even realized. Before he can stop himself, he’s blurting out apologies.
scary.”
“I am happy,” Castiel insisted. With the distraction of the phone call, his hand had stopped stroking the cat, and she lifted her head to look at him. He resumed rubbing the soft, slightly tubby fluff of her belly as he listened to his brother prattle on.
He nodded without thinking, and then there was a hand rubbing soothing circles into his upper back. The other hand rested on his shoulder, a firm, warm weight that grounded him.
Dean can feel his face heating up. It gets worse as Castiel laughs. A chuckle at first, and then a deep throaty laugh. His head tips back and his lips spread wide into a contagious sort of smile that might be kind of adorable if Dean weren’t currently the most humiliated he’s ever been in his life.
Dean feels he should say something now that they're home. He wants to tell Cas that he missed him, that he… that he had spent the better part of the day fighting his way through another goddamn forest of things that wanted to kill him just so he could see Cas again one last time. He wants to tell Cas all the things that had been running through his head as he fought his way back to him. He figures he should probably say thank you at the very least, for saving his ass again, but of course that’s not what comes out.
Dean squinted a little and saw that the arm was decidedly muscular. He followed it up to the edges of a broad, taut shoulder, still mostly covered under the blankets. Dean stared, stunned. The arm around him loosened and it was the low, deep groan that came next that had Dean springing back in panic. That was almost certainly a male sounding groan. Dean was in bed with another dude, and holy shit just how wasted did he get last night?!
By the time Danny and his mother were wandering in the maze, Castiel’s fingernails were digging into his skin.
Cas let out a low chuckle from behind him and kissed him between his shoulder blades. “Don’t move. I’ll be right back.”
“Some,” Cas said a little absently, rummaging through the closet in the hall for a pair of shoes. “Most are inappropriate; I’ve no idea where he gets them from.” He straightened up, passed a pair of dress shoes over to Dean, then walked back down the hall in the direction of his bedroom.
Cas pulls off with a soft pop and stares.
Cas smirked. “Sure you’re not. Come on, let’s go.”
Then it hits him. He flinches with the sudden intensity of it that feels like an actual blow to his chest— like there’s some invisible hand squeezing his heart and lungs, compressing his air. This
“The rat?” Dean stares down at the bag in disbelief. “You stayed in a burning building for your rat?”
Dean laughed bitterly, and let out a long sigh. Cas was now stroking his hair, and holding a hand against his forehead to feel his temperature. Dean swatted him aside, grunted, and made to stand up.
---SPOILERS AHEAD---
As they eat, Cas tells him about his day. Normal. Boring. Soul-sucking as always, but he’s less disgruntled tonight than usual. Dean nods along and tries to tamp down a gnawing feeling of unease. It’s not like Cas to be this happy and relaxed after such a long day at work.
Baby can see the start of a faint blush creeping up the back of Dean’s neck. He’s stopped shivering by now, but hasn’t bothered to move from Castiel’s side.
“Hello Dean!” Cas said cheerfully. He was sweaty and glistening from head to toe. Dean’s eyes wandered lower and took in his thin jogging shorts that came short enough to display the thick muscles of his thighs. The shorts also did little to conceal the bulge of his crotch.
The momentary confusion cost the monster dearly, and seconds later its head was sliced clean off. Sam stood behind it, chest heaving, blood splattered across his forearms, as the demonic smoke furled upwards and out of the room.
Across the table, Sam scoffed.
Sam began ushering them out the door giving them some nonsense story. Jen poked her head under his outstretched arm, neck craning to take in the rest of the room.
“I actually had an encounter with my brother as well. Michael. He called and we had some… harsh words.”
More importantly, he reminded himself, he couldn’t be married to a guy.
-----
“That was the garage. They won’t have the part in until Tuesday.” It was Saturday night now and Sam and Eileen were heading back to California tomorrow.
Dean gives a satisfied smirk and an almost imperceptible nod of gratitude before he walks away.
“Yeah, that’s when I called you. We figured we had Little Red, Snow White, and Sleeping Beauty and I thought of that case we worked in Maple Springs. Cas scoured the hospitals like you said, looking for anyone else in a coma, especially kids. And I Iooked into recent deaths in the area for anything that might seem like vengeful spirit material.
~~~~~
Dean’s head snaps up, and just like that, he’s lost whatever upper hand he may have had. If, in fact, he ever had one at all.
In the days and weeks that follow, Castiel grows bolder. He let his mouth roam lower each time, taking Dean’s balls in his mouth and licking his perineum. Even though Dean tenses each time, he allows it. And soon, he encourages it, spreading his legs wider and making full-throated noises of pleasure. When Cas first licks tentatively at his hole, Dean’s entire body spasms and his legs clamp together around Castiel’s head. When he’s able to work his tongue inside, Dean lets out a wail and comes harder than Castiel thought possible.
“Last Tuesday.”
“Your parrot doesn’t mind the chanting?” Dean asked, gesturing at the birdcage where Balthazar sat contentedly. When Dean looked over at him, the bird flapped its wings and pronounced Dean a dumbass again.
“Cas,” he breathed, and struggled to sit partway up. With his other hand, Cas pushed Dean firmly back onto the bed, and Dean groaned. “You gotta hurry up, man. Fuck me already.”
“Oh,” said Dean. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Cas.” He thought of his own father, and how he might react if… but no, Dean couldn’t think about that now.
Dean lets out a slow breath. “Only if we can talk about the fact that there's a perfect job for you right under your nose and you're not going for it."
Dean stepped out from behind the couch and towards Cas, causing the bird to flap its wings aggressively again and chirp angrily at Dean. “
“I recommend the Sunrise Special,” Cas said, interrupting his thoughts with a wink.
He deposited it in the middle of the room again, and Sam retreated behind the couch. They stared, and it glared back up at them, seething. Then, it sneezed.
“Dean?” His thumbs stroke over Dean’s hands where he holds them and Dean lets his head fall to Cas’s shoulder with a muffled groan.
But the occasion was put on hold for a time as they debated the proper viewing order.
He was with his girlfriend Eileen; a sweet girl with big doe eyes to match Sam’s own. Dean had bristled a bit at this unexpected intrusion into what he thought was going to be a guys’ weekend. It had been so much worse than that. Sam was getting
"Hey, Cas?" Dean asks, and Cas hums but doesn't look up from petting Meg. "Why didn't you tell me this was where you've been going? At first I thought you were staying late at work. And then I thought… well, you know."
“I do. I really do.”
“Hey, sweetheart!”
“I’m sorry,” he muttered, taking a shaky breath to compose himself.
“Okay, so this spell should work to reverse animal transformation,” Sam said, and shoved an open book towards Dean. “We’ve got all the supplies, we just need a personal belonging from the person who was turned.”
“Easy, Dean.” Cas steadied him until Dean could get his feet under him and stand without swaying.
, Dean realized in growing horror. He looked quickly down at his phone. 11:32 am. Sam was getting married a little less than five hours from now. And Dean had either missed the bachelor party entirely or been there but gotten so smashed that he wound up in bed and married to another guy. Either way, it wasn’t good.
feeling in his chest intensifies so much he fears for a brief moment that it might shatter into pieces. Shakily, he gives his location and Dean's voice breaks again before he hangs up.
“I know,” Cas says. “But I can do better.”
When Dean was finished with his CD, he presented it proudly to Cas who eyed it with skepticism but nonetheless placed it carefully on his other shelf with the rest of his discs.
He thinks they might be getting through, but then his heart sinks through to the floor at what Cas says next.
Dean chuckled, and when Cas released his hands, he let them travel downward instead. He trailed deliberately over a nipple and sealed their lips in another kiss, swallowing down the soft moan that Cas emitted.  He moved his hands lower still, reaching around to cup his boyfriend’s ass, and slotting their hips together. He had gotten Cas’s buckle halfway undone and was attempting to reach down the front of his pants when Cas finally snapped. Strong arms spun him around, and Dean found himself pressed up against the wall, pinned and immobile.
And so it went. In the end, Bobby softened like Dean knew he would. He promised to check in on John and keep an eye on him until Dean got back. Dean, for his part, was careful to only tell Bobby about one Vegas wedding. After all, his was being annulled soon, so it didn’t really count anyway.
“Mmm.” Cas has reached one hand down to his pants where he’s tracing a finger along Dean’s growing erection and fumbling with the button.
“Don’t stop,” Dean said, and pulled him in closer, until Cas was flush against his exposed chest and could feel Dean’s heart thumping loudly. “I love when you scratch behind my ears like that.”
that voice. He couldn’t be right, but curiosity was now far outweighing any instinct for self-preservation. Cas relaxed his hold on the lamp, rounded the corner, and stood, bewildered, in the doorway to his kitchen.
“Oh, Dean. He was so sweet.” Mary laughs. “Well, if I’m being honest, he was a pain in my ass. So mischievous and impulsive about everything!” Mary grows increasingly animated, and Castiel soaks it all in.
This isn’t how it was supposed to go.
“You’re staying, right?” His voice is gruff, accusatory.
“What do frogs even eat, anyway?” he yelled, as Sam disappeared down the hall to his own room.
“Holy shit,” he finally managed.
“Dean?”  Cas asked him a question, but he can’t remember it. He sounds so far away. All he can think about are the walls of that cell closing in on him, suffocating him, leaving him alone with his thoughts that cycled through an endless reel of his biggest fuck ups and all the ways he’d let down the people he loved.
Cas frowns. “I thought we weren’t exchanging gifts.
Castiel’s temper flares as well. “They would have killed
thought,” he finally manages.
Sam had already been for a run and was elbow deep in research by the time Dean emerged in the library cradling Cas’s bowl in his arms. He’d left a few strips of bacon in the bottom, and Cas was still licking at them.
Dean caught Cas’s eye and flashed a sly smile. “Don’t be.”
Dean’s mouth opens with a quick retort but he swallows it down and licks his lips. His mouth fumbles uselessly for a moment, trying to find the right words. “Well, it wasn’t my
Dean huffs dramatically. “Dude, you forgot the coffee grounds!”
Cas smiled in response. Just an upwards tick of the side of his mouth. A small, soft, secret smile that set something aflutter in Dean’s heart. “You kissed me,” he whispered again, swaying into Dean’s personal space.
The bird glared at him, then spoke again:
“But why the fairy tale deaths?”
Mary gives a small, sad smile that’s achingly familiar to Castiel.
Dean’s stomach lurches, and he tries not to visibly tense. Cas notices though, and reaches for Dean’s hand, stroking softly against the inside of his palm.
“That one might leave a mark.”
“A spell book!” Sam was practically vibrating with excitement.
“Dean?” Cas asked, his voice trembling.
Fuck, that would be
,” he whispers to himself.
The cat stared at him and sneezed.
Castiel awoke the next morning with a jolt. He had been in a deeply restful sleep— the best he'd had in a long time. But something had startled him awake. He looked around his room. Nothing seemed to be out of order. The cat, who had fallen asleep next to him had vanished, but she had probably just wandered off in the night to someplace more comfortable.
“That hellbeast is not setting foot in my place,” Meg said. “And besides—”
Dean laughed. “I told you it was good.”
“I promise,” says Castiel. "I'm running warmer than normal because my grace is, well, working to heal me." Castiel frowns down at his shoulder.
He’s only just begun to unravel the hose when Castiel notices him. He stops with the rake in his hands and stares at Dean like he’s seeing a ghost. Which, to be fair, Dean has certainly made himself scarce over the past few days. He shoots Castiel a small smile and makes a show of peeling off his shirt. Castiel’s jaw drops and he starts to cross his lawn towards Dean. Dean smirks to himself, and prepares to strike.
“Really, Cas. It’s been months. You have to get over whatever hold this guy’s got over you.”
"Hey, so I don’t have any of my stuff,” Dean said. He looked down at his apron-clad body and smirked. “Clearly. Uh, can I borrow your phone? I have a bone to pick with my brother."
“Mr. Winchester?”
“Sam and Cas. Cute.”
And then, all at once, and much too soon for Dean’s liking, it was over. Cas pulled away and Dean swayed on the spot, dizzy with it all.
“Oh fuck,” he gasped. “Oh, holy fuck.”
“Hold on a tic, let me make some calls,” muttered Bobby and he disappeared into his office.
And then the pieces started to fall into place in his head. Cas was mugged, and his phone was stolen. Then the man in the hospital must be…
Castiel considers kissing him. Just a few inches and he could lean into Dean’s space, clean his face, and lick into his mouth. He wants to kiss his chest and his neck and up his throat and just under his ear. He wants to kiss Dean
"Is he—" Dean started.
“Dean?”
When he finally finished, he ran his hand over the upper ridge again in a soothing motion, and gave it a gentle pat. It was downy soft, but he could feel the firm strength of bone beneath. He let his fingers trail softly through some of the larger feathers as his hand traveled lower, combing through them. They were silken smooth, and quivered in response.
Dean stared at Cas in amazement, taking in the impossibly calm demeanor of the man. So far this morning, nothing had fazed him. He just sat there, serenely eating his eggs, like this was a perfectly ordinary occurrence for him to be answering questions about his sexuality over breakfast with the total stranger he accidentally married.
“Yep. So they’re technically for me,” Dean grins. “I’ve been taking them for the past couple weeks and spending my lunches with Charlie at the shelter to see how I’d react and build up a tolerance. Doc gave me the all-clear and everything ‘cause it turns out my allergies aren’t all that bad.”
“Dean,” Cas breathed again, pulling back just enough to press their foreheads together. He pressed a kiss to Dean’s temple, the gesture so sweet and chaste that hot tears burned suddenly in Dean’s eyes and he blinked them back furiously.
He was about to ask him about it, when Cas spoke again.
“Fine, I can’t wait anymore,” said Sam excitedly, and shoved an envelope at him. “Open it!”
“I dunno,” said Dean. “It sounds pretty bad. The hospital wasn’t sure of brain or spinal damage yet. But Cas, when that fucker got hit by a car, he got what he deserved,” said Dean firmly. “He
Sam snorted. “The Princess and the Frog, and you know exactly what it’s called. How many times have you watched it now?”
not safe for them?
He agonized a little longer over Cas's costume.
“Wouldn’t matter if I did. I couldn’t get any.”
“I know they’re not much, and damaged, and—”
He slid off the couch to kneel on the ground in front of Cas. He dug around in his pocket, swearing a little under his breath when he couldn’t find it, but grinned triumphantly when he finally pulled his hand out, holding up his mother’s ring.
The ringing in Castiel’s ears reaches a crescendo.
But it was a long time before Dean fell asleep that night, his thoughts circling back to what Sam had said about giving this thing with Cas a shot. Maybe they did have chemistry.
Pimmy makes a soft, clucking noise, and Dean’s heart melts just a little bit more.
“The not talking to each other. Can we be done?”
"Yeah," Dean said. "
This is how it’s supposed to go.
It’s not, he decides.
Castiel and Mary stand together beside the truck watching as Dean heads toward the house. Although Dean has been calm and patient, Castiel can see the tense set of his shoulders. He knows things are uncomfortable with his mother, and he’s certain Dean is more bothered by Sam’s capture than he lets on. His gaze travels further down, and he smiles at Dean’s bowlegs as they walk away.
“Mr. Novak’s personal effects. If you could just sign this release form.” She held out a clipboard and pen.
It’s incredible. Warm, and wet, and Castiel lasts all of ten seconds before his eyes fly open again, heedless of Dean’s arbitrary rules, because he has to see. Cas is too stunned to make a sound as he watches Dean’s mouth stretch around him.
“Oh God.” Dean buried his face in his hands and heard the man chuckle. He snapped his head back up, glaring. The sudden movement made his head throb and the room spin.
He leans forward and rests his forehead against Cas’s. “Promise me the same and you’ve got yourself a deal.”
Dean nods and turns back to Cas. “I saw your car in the lot and thought... with the motel and the late nights, I—” he laughs again and runs a hand through his hair. “I can't believe you ditched me for cats.”
Dean looked down at the envelope, which was addressed to both him and Cas. He looked up questioningly.
Dean spluttered, but Bobby was already walking away, leaving Dean to stare after him slack-jawed. “Get hold of yourself and get back to work!” Bobby grumbled over his shoulder.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m calling from Sunrise Hospital and Medical Centre in Las Vegas,” the woman said. “You’re listed in this phone as the emergency contact for a Castiel Novak.”
Dean found himself shivering in the sudden cold, away from the warmth of Cas’s body and his wings. Cas pulled at the leg of Dean's jeans which had pooled around his waist, tugging them the rest of the way off. He placed quick kisses down the length of Dean's legs as he did so The kisses lacked the heated intensity of a few moments earlier, but there was something altogether more intimate about Cas nosing at the inside of his knees.
It’s several minutes before they manage to isolate the power button on the TV itself and the room falls blissfully silent. But the image of a buxom brunette performing a sloppy blow job is now ingrained in Castiel’s retinas.
“Alright, let’s do this then.”
Dean feels reasonably good about the way they left things but then, as he’s climbing into bed, there’s a knock at his door.
Dean shakes his head miserably. “I couldn’t. I can’t ever say goodbye to you.”
And then there was air in Dean’s lungs again. He let out a gasp of relief, and then there were definite tears streaming down his face.
-----
“What if we didn’t?” Cas asked.
-----
“Hello?”
Cas’s head shot up comically fast to look at Dean with wide eyes. “What?”
He rushed into the hallway and stumbled bleary eyed down to the kitchen which was billowing with black smoke. In the middle of it all, Cas was coughing and waving an oven mitt back and forth a little uselessly, trying to clear the air.
But one look at Sam’s eager expression and he bit his tongue. Even if it wasn’t a grimoire, it was a beautiful find that was undoubtedly worth much more than Sam had paid for it at a yard sale.
“Oh. S’okay,” Dean mutters, scuffling his feet. He has to look down, away from the earnest intensity in those blue eyes.
Dean’s voice is so soft Castiel has to lean in to hear him. And— fuck, are those tears?
“Huh,” Sam said. “Maybe we better start from the beginning.”
Dean felt something akin to regret at the news, but he brushed it aside. What came next was devastating though.
“So first you thought it was a werewolf, because of the mangled old lady and her granddaughter.”
Cas brought his own dinner back to the couch along with a bowl of milk. He set it down on the floor, but the cat seemed about as unenthused about the milk as she had the tuna. She sniffed at them both, and looked back up at Cas’s mac and cheese.
Dean threw himself into his work. He stayed late each night that week and he fell into his old routine with ease. Work, sleep, repeat.
They talk like they used to though, before nodding off. About work and the weather, and about the fire. And then, about the other fire that wasn’t as forgiving and took Dean’s mother all those years ago.
But now this— this felt different. With his fingers buried in silken wings Dean felt very, very small. He swallowed hoarsely.
“Yes, it’s still frowned upon. Though heaven isn’t exactly operational now. I think it would be difficult to enforce at present…” he trails off, then looks up at Dean. “You should know, it was never about me. They would have killed you too.”
The man looked around, taking in the rumpled sheets, the clothes strewn across the room, an empty condom wrapper, and finally down at his own naked form. He looked back down at Dean. “I think you might be a little gay.”
Dean had tossed and turned the whole night thinking about the kiss. Were things going to be awkward? Would Cas want to kiss him again? Did Dean want Cas to kiss him again? Anxiety settled low in Dean’s gut and his brain swirled through endless different scenarios all night long.
“Sure is,” Dean scowled. “Who the hell are you?”
It was filled with soft hand-drawn pencil sketches— the level of care and detail in each one breathtakingly beautiful. The first few pages were filled with still life. Flowers, trees, a road that Dean recognized as the one leading to the bunker. In fact, as Dean thumbed through, the scenes became increasingly familiar. There was the bowl of fruit Sam kept in the kitchen, the lamp in the library, the impala, and the parking lot from the motel they stayed at just outside of Portland. Dean swallowed a lump in his throat as he flipped through the last half of the book where Cas had progressed to portraiture. There was Sam, hunched over his laptop, telltale slump to his shoulders. And there was Dean himself, grinning. And Dean driving. And Dean with his feet up on the table, one resting on top of the other. And a whole series of disconnected anatomy— hands wrapped around beer bottles and a long series of eyes that looked suspiciously like his own.
As they were cleaning up after, Cas talked animatedly about the plight of honeybees and Dean realized that he was really starting to like the guy. In fact, he really hoped they’d be able to remain friends after all of this. He liked his dorky little lopsided smile and the way his head always cocked to one side when he was confused or thinking hard about something. He liked the way his eyes sparkled when he was excited about something unspeakably boring, like honeybees or the migratory patterns of birds. He liked how his hair was perpetually mussed up and how Cas was brutally honest in all things, never caring to sugar coat something. He liked his lips and how they were just a little bit chapped. Dean realized then that he had been staring at Cas’s lips as he prattled on about pollination, and he quickly dropped his gaze. Unfortunately, it fell on Cas’s crotch instead. Dean found he also really liked the bulge just faintly visible through Cas’s sweatpants and the way they pulled a little around his thighs.
“You came over to me and you grabbed me.” Cas squinted a little as if trying to remember. “There may have been kissing. God, I wish I remembered that better.”
“Fucking witches, man.” Dean shrugged helplessly. “I didn’t know what else to do or where to put him where I wouldn’t, you know, lose him or step on him or—"
“You got it!” Dean smiled.
And she will be damned if she lets him get in the way of himself. Time to take things up a notch with her next choice of song:
“Dean, these are delicious.”
Dean’s phone vibrated on the table with a message from Sam.
Dean’s knees gave out and he slid down the wall he was leaning against to slump on the floor.
He’s about to hit send on his latest application when there’s a knock at his door. Castiel is surprised to find Dean.
Dean couldn’t be sure, but he thought maybe Cas was looking at him more fondly than before. On a hunch, Dean proffered a strip of bacon and Cas poked at it with interest, a long thin tongue shooting out to lick at it.
“Teamed up?”
“No. Not like that.”
Cas glared at him sharply. “This isn’t funny, Dean.”
“At least take your clothes off. They’re soaked.”
“I mean it, shut up.”
This isn’t how it was supposed to go.
When he finally opens his eyes again a few moments later, Dean is a beautiful mess. There’s a pink flush on his face that has spread down and across his chest, and a bead of sweat on his brow that Cas is desperate to taste. His face is scrunched up and his breathing erratic. Now that his own sense of urgency has passed, Cas savours these last few moments with Dean before he topples over the edge. He snakes his hand down between their bodies, through the wetness that has pooled on his belly, and joins his hand with Dean’s.
Minutes ticked by as Balthazar munched away at his food. Dean paced back and forth impatiently, willing the bird to eat faster. He should really be getting back to the hospital; Cas could be out of surgery at any time. He could wake up and Dean should be there when he did.
Dean explained why the hospital had called, and Cas flushed a deep crimson when he realized the mix-up with the emergency contact.
Dean tried his most dashing smile on the
“Nerd.” Dean muttered, and continued to his room, smiling.
“What was Dean like as a child?”
The happy couple walked away hand in hand, fingers interlaced. Dean and Cas headed in the opposite direction, back to Cas’s penthouse. Dean chanced a couple of glances down at Cas’s hand swinging between them. His own hand itched to see what it might be like to join hands like Sam and Eileen had. The other hand gripped tightly to the divorce papers Sam had printed off for them before they left.
It’s the wings that finally do it. He thinks of Benjamin’s broken wings and he just can’t sit here anymore twiddling his thumbs. Dean Winchester doesn’t twiddle his goddamn thumbs.
"The fact that you thought I was having an affair."
UPDATE: Please note that this chapter may contain some slightly troubling scenes for anyone who may have recently (or not so recently) gone through what Dean is experiencing with a loved one. I've struggled with finding a way to balance avoiding spoilers with a desire to keep people safe. To that end, I've decided to remove some stuff from the main tags and put it in the chapter notes here instead.
Basically, he’s fucked.
Dean’s wasn’t sure what to say to that, and he lost his train of thought briefly watching Cas lick syrup off his lips. He was saved by the sound of his phone buzzing.
Castiel frowns, trying to remember what happened between then and now. The unaccounted time is disturbing. He must have died, but if so, how was he brought back this time?  He huffs and looks around more closely. He is definitely on Earth, judging by the visceral feel of the sun on his face and the grass underfoot.
The cabin walls are thin, and Castiel can hear Dean’s bed creaking in the next room. He lies perfectly still, willing himself not to think about his best friend and resolutely ignoring the twitch of his own cock. But a few minutes later he hears Dean cursing loudly about thread counts and the creaking stops.
Dean sighed. “I really fucked up last night. I’m sorry.” He looked first at Eileen then at Sam imploringly.
“I’m sorry,” Dean groaned. “It’s not you…”
He’s known Cas forever, of course. He’s loved him forever, too. They’ve always been Dean and Cas, but they haven’t been
Dean arrived home in Lawrence in the early hours of the following morning. The house was dark and he let himself in quietly, not wanting to wake his father. John was passed out on the couch, the TV blaring, and empty beer cans decorating the floor around him. Dean sighed, and made to lift the half full can from his father’s outstretched hand before it fell and spilled everywhere.
“Maybe we should—”
The real turning point had been when John checked into a rehab clinic. He’d relapsed once since, but seemed to be doing well now. Although Dean had moved to Vegas a long time ago, Bobby had kept a careful eye on his father, and Dean checked in regularly.
Cas looked up and held Dean’s gaze as he licked his fingers clean. “Would you like to keep going?”
the marrying type. Hookups? Casual sex? These were the sort of relationships Dean knew how to do well. But the thought of settling down with one person forever filled him with a icy dread. No, Dean had sworn off love for good, hardened his heart, and knew with certainty that the apple pie life was not for him. He couldn’t be married.
“Dean’s people skills are better than mine but he’s still not what you’d call ‘well adjusted.’ He doesn’t often talk openly. About things. Feelings.”
“You didn’t meet a girl while you were in Vegas, did you?” Bobby asked, eyebrows raised skeptically.
Dean felt an icy chill run down his spine. Did some girl move in with Cas? Did some
Castiel sighed as he hung up the phone. He lifted the cat and set her gently back down on the couch cushion. She looked content, finally, and he figured the couch was as good a place as any for her to spend the night.
Cas stood back and pulled off his own pants. Dean shivered again, and grabbed at the blanket, but Cas batted his hand away as he clambered into bed alongside Dean, pulling him so that his back was flush to Cas's chest. His wings settled over him from shoulder to toe, soft at first, feather light, before settling in. Not heavy exactly, but the weight was a solid comfort.
“Right,” said Sam. “You said just about anyone could get married in Vegas and didn’t that undermine the sanctity of the thing.” He laughed. “As if you’ve ever cared about the sanctity of anything.”
Despite his slight annoyance, Dean can’t help but smile at Cas’s glee as he discovers the garland wrapped around their staircase.
Castiel had worked himself into a panic by the time Sam flung open the door and ushered him in. He relaxed only slightly when he was greeted in the living room by Meg and Kevin. He rubbed his palms on his jeans and straightened his shirt again.
“Cas?” The man in the doorway was eyeing him with concern.
But a tiny niggling sensation in the back of his mind persisted:
Her voice was serious and full of pity and Dean’s heart thumped erratically. Cas had joked about listing him as an emergency contact. He must have actually done it and forgot to change it back.
They texted about other things too. Dean shared his frustration and despair over John’s drinking. He found it was a little easier to open up with the space of some 1300 odd miles and a phone screen between them. Cas, it seemed, felt the same way. He opened up about his loneliness and his bouts of anxiety and depression. Dean was a little surprised to hear about that. Granted, he’d been wrapped up in his own problems that weekend and so maybe he didn’t truly get to know Cas as well as he thought he did, but the breakfast incident aside, he had seemed confident during the time Dean had spent with him. Even a little cocky, with his smirks and the self-assured way that he had dismantled Dean’s whole world and reduced him to a quivering mess.
Dean grunted, managing to sit up and squirm out of Cas’s hold. “What?”
Cas is sitting cross-legged on the old couch in the AC/DC shirt Dean lent him to sleep in, his hair wildly askew on one side, and munching steadily on a large bowl of cereal. His eyes are glued to the TV. The volume is turned down, but light flickers across Cas’s features, casting his profile into sharp relief. A mug of coffee sits on the table next to him proclaiming,
She has known Dean a long time. Since before he drove her, back when he was small and rode around in the backseat, buckled in tight. Over the years, they have shared moments of bloodshed, grime, and countless horrors. But the things she cherishes most are the moments of love. The army man in the ashtray. The nights spent with her boys staring up at a starry sky.
Dean lies awake long into the night, listening to the soft sounds of Cas sleeping next to him.
Dean trips over the chair leg when he stands up and Cas catches his elbow. He ignores the way the wrinkles between Cas’s eyes etch themselves deeper in concern— but he doesn’t fight it when Cas keeps holding on, leaning into Cas’s warmth as they make their way down the hall.
“I’ll wait out here,” Cas said, and much to Dean’s surprise, he signed the words as well for Eileen’s benefit.
The ride home is quiet. Castiel stares out the window in silent contemplation of all that he’s lost. Dean doesn’t seem eager to talk about what transpired at the cabin, and although Castiel wants desperately to ask Dean where their friendship stands, he’s too terrified to hear the answer.
in frolicking, fancy script.
Cas wakes up in a field. He has a brief moment of unthinking calm in which to feel the sun on his skin. He turns his head to the sky, breathes deeply, then spares a confused glance down at his new attire.
“Uh huh,” Cas manages as he sinks back into the couch.
-----
Cas clams up, muttering under his breath that he’ll consider it, but Dean can tell he’s being evasive. He tries to push for more details, but dissolves into a fit of sneezes and Cas insists it’s time to go.
,” the bird chirped, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“You… told Garth you love him?”
“Well come on,” he said. “Make yourself comfortable while you’re here.”
This is how it’s supposed to go. Finally.
Castiel still felt silly talking to the cat like she could understand him. But the sound of his voice seemed to soothe her again, and she inched a little closer. He reached out, and this time she let him scratch the top of her head.
Dean opens his mouth, considers feigning ignorance, then closes it again. He looks around the room, up at the ceiling, and down at Pimmy. He looks back at Cas who hasn’t moved an inch, and he sighs. “Since the fire.”
, and Cas couldn’t possibly be cheating on him. Dean’s certain Cas isn’t the type for an affair— he’s the most loyal, kindhearted person Dean’s ever met.
Cas looked sad and doubtful.
“My what now?”
He should never have left at all.
“I’m fine, Cas,” he mumbles.
Looking around, Dean realized that the kitchen was beautiful. There was a long granite counter and shiny appliances that all looked like they’d hardly ever been used. As Dean poked around a bit, he realized that was probably close to the truth; Cas’s kitchen wasn’t exactly equipped to cook in. There were expensive dishes in the cupboards, but little food. Some granola bars, instant soup, mac and cheese. He fared no better in the fridge where there were some expired condiments, half empty takeout containers, and not much else. The freezer was stuffed full with microwave dinners.
“Dean, no!” Castiel’s face twists in horror. “Don’t you remember the last time we went to a Denny’s at midnight?”
“You got the look of someone in love, is all. Moping around like a goddamn teenager and not gettin’ anything done.”
Her voice dropped low and secretive. “You two are the cutest damn couple I’ve ever seen come through here,” she whispered. “And I see a lot of couples.”
“I missed you too, buddy.” A derisive laugh bubbles up and escapes him. “You have no idea.”
Dean bristled.
If Baby could smile, she would. Things are developing nicely. She nudges two small liquor bottles to the front of the footwell. Relics from the last time they stayed at a fancy motel that she has been hiding from Dean and saving for a special occasion.
Dean grimaced. “You uh… you remember us, huh?”
Charlie doesn't reply, staring fixedly at her hands and picking at the beer label.
Castiel is speechless. Yesterday had been incredible, but he had been under no illusions that it would be allowed to continue. And yet, here they are. . .
-----
Dean coughed, choking a bit on his drink. Cas fidgeted nervously beside him.
“Cas?”
“We didn’t talk about the job.”
humans need a few more than four hours a night.”
Dean quickly turned the water to cold.
Next to him, Cas and Bobby were talking animatedly about Shakespeare, and Dean smiled. While Cas was always pleasant enough with John, their relationship was tenuous at best, and often mired by skepticism on both their parts. But Cas had taken to Bobby like an old friend.
“Huh?” Dean looks confused. He shakes his head and has the audacity to laugh. “I never cared about the porn star, Cas. I stopped closing my eyes after the first day. I never wanted to imagine anyone but you.”
“Fair point,” Dean says. He shivers again.
“Your friend is fine. We’ve just given him a mild sedative for the shock and if you don’t lay still, you’ll be getting one next.”
“How do you want to do this?” Dean asked, not really sure where to look. All around him was taut, tanned skin and huge wings.
Dean smiled, relief flooding through him.
Cas was staring at him with a stupidly soft expression on his face, the way Sam went all dewy eyed around small animals.
“Yours are open,” Castiel points out.
Cas looked at him, eyebrows raised in question. “When did your mother pass?”
Dean’s foot makes contact with one of them and he bends over to investigate. “Oh, hello there. Thought I’d lost you.” He sits back up triumphantly and offers one to Castiel. They drink, huddled together.
There was a half empty carton of eggs on the table, one of which had fallen to the floor and cracked open, yolk smeared everywhere as though it had been stepped in. A loaf of bread balanced precariously on the counter, threatening to topple over. A gooey white substance that Dean deduced to be pancake batter was splattered everywhere— the counter, the cupboards, the floor— as though there had been some sort of explosion. There was a large splotch on the ceiling that was steadily dripping down with a plop, plop, plop.
Castiel shrugs the feeling off and turns his attention to Sam who has announced that he and Jack will be going to the graveyard, while Castiel and Dean are to “hit up” the crime scene.
Cas peered at his phone and wallet in fascination. “I was mugged this morning. These were taken from me.”
He’ll just wait here then. Wait for Dean. The feeling inside him flutters.
Dean grinned. It had been almost two years, and sometimes he still couldn’t believe that he was allowed to have this. He leaned forwards to rest his forehead against Cas’s, letting out a soft sigh.
Dean looked up at him and raised his eyebrows.
“My apologies. My ‘people skills’ have improved somewhat, but I—”
It was true. Dean had never seen Sam quite so excited and full of life. The only other time that came close was when he’d gotten his acceptance letter to Stanford. He hadn’t told Dean about that either when he’d first applied. Dean sighed. That made two of Sam’s happiest life moments ones in which Dean was out of the loop, and he ruined both of them by reacting in anger like he always did.
“Did you know I had cavities?”
His brain short circuited a moment while he took in the scene before him. Dean was completely naked but for an apron that he had tied around his waist that, while providing some modesty for his front half, was doing nothing whatsoever to conceal his ass. He was cracking eggs into a frying pan and muttering to himself. The toaster popped, and two slices of toast shot up.
Eileen nodded happily, and Dean sat back in his seat with a low whistle. “Way to steal my thunder today, you guys,” he joked.
A beat passed. A moment of silence in which Cas just stared at him and Dean felt the seconds tick by like an eternity.
Dean heard the click of the lube bottle for the umpteenth time, and then a new sound: the crinkling of a condom wrapper. His heart began to pound faster in anticipation.
They sat there a moment on the floor, both swivelling back to lean against the couch.
Cas poked at his eggs with a little less enthusiasm.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean said, shutting yet another drawer. “When we get you back to normal, I was thinking maybe we should get you some things you can call your own. Some books, maybe? Would you like that? A fluffy blanket and a—”
“There’s a diner down the street. We can… figure things out.”
“What’s gotten into you?” Dean asked.
They texted about everything. The weather, their moods, work, stupid little things that they thought the other would like. Cas updated Dean with personal commentary as he watched the remaining Star Wars movies, and Dean glowed with pride.
“It’s all the money you’ve sent me,” Sam interrupted. “Well, not all of it. But I saved most of it, always intending to give it back to you someday when you’d actually take it.”
There’s a wetness in his eyes and fear in his heart when he turns around. Dean’s face is lit by the streetlight, reflecting dark shadows under his eyes and obscuring his freckles. There are deep lines of weariness on his face and Castiel itches to smooth them away; for now that he’s turned to face Dean’s gaze, he couldn’t possibly look away from it. But he hesitates, hands twitching at his sides.
“Don’t mess up my hair. It took me forever to get it to lay flat.”
As it turns out, it could have been a lot worse; the fireworks malfunctioned and although they went off early, they didn’t explode at their full capacity. Still, both Dean and Cas find themselves with moderate burns on both palms and a long lecture from the ER doctor who reminds them repeatedly that they could have lost fingers or worse.
the time, their fingers dancing towards one another across her seat but never quite touching. Talking, without saying what they mean. Quibbling over insignificant things, because anger is easiest to express. They fear the other feelings, the ones that fester deep within them. They are emotionally constipated idiots, both of them, and it drives her mad.
“Uh...”
“Hiya, Cas. How’d you sleep?”
He propped a book open in one hand, and continued to stroke the cat with his other. He was startled a few moments later when the cat began purring. It was soft at first, and barely audible. Buoyed, Cas continued scritching behind her ears, and dug his fingers in a little deeper. The purrs grew louder, and the cat’s eyes fell shut.
Cas had said very little the whole way back to the bunker. When they had stopped at a diner for breakfast a few hours outside of Lebanon, Cas had declined to join them, saying he didn’t need to eat. He waited outside at the car, staring off into space with a terrible slump to his shoulders that made something in Dean ache. Indigestion, most likely. The greasy diner food had been hot and heavenly, but it was probably not sitting well after weeks on a prison diet.
It’s soft, and tentative, and when Dean freezes beneath him, Cas pulls back quickly and rests his forehead against Dean’s. He’s finally done it, he realizes, as he squeezes his eyes shut tight. He’s found the point of no return and crossed it. He’s gone too far, pushed Dean too much, and now Dean’s going to shove him away.
“Hell yes!” Dean grabbed his boyfriend’s hand, interlaced their fingers, and squeezed. Hand in hand, they walked into the small chapel where they had first met.
“I don’t understand, why isn’t it healing? The rest of you is fine now, why not your wings? And speaking of which… fucking
“Dean doesn’t seem to see it that way.”
“I think. I’m not sure. I think, maybe, I told Garth that I, uh... I love you.”
Castiel realized he’d been staring far too long without saying anything when Dean’s face fell and the bright, eager look in his eyes slipped away.
Dean looked at Cas with a raised eyebrow.
“It’s not even all that good anyway,” Cas tried to explain. “I can’t make it right. There’s all these weird clumpy bits.”
“Sam Winchester and Eileen Leahy?” came a call from the chapel. “We’re ready for you!”
Sighing, Dean hailed another cab and set out for the penthouse.
“Thanks Bobby, I gotta go!” he yelled over his shoulder.
-----
Notably absent was any of Cas’s family, which wasn’t a surprise; Cas hadn’t invited any of them. Not that Dean could blame him. But still, he thought he saw a flash of sadness in those blue eyes when he first looked around. It vanished quickly when Sam pulled him into a giant bear hug and called Cas his brother. “Welcome to the family,” he said, and Cas’s eyes were full of nothing but warmth and love.
, where he normally can’t leave fast enough. And on the nights Cas comes home late, he stinks of a weird cheap scent and rushes to shower before he’ll even come near Dean, let alone touch him. And, perhaps most concerning of all, on the nights Cas comes home late from work he’s been in a wonderful mood, with a lightness and cheeriness about him that’s uncharacteristic for having spent a long day at the office.
The next time he wakes up, Castiel’s hands are heavily bandaged and not, in fact, on fire, even if they feel that way.
There was a pause at the door, as the person realized the door wasn’t locked. Silence. And then the door squeaked slowly open. Slow, soft footsteps made their way carefully down the hall.
