“Betsy is incapable of bearing, you know that.” Ever the pragmatic was Mycroft, and it was entirely the wrong thing to say. “Now, as I was saying…”
“Umm…yes. They are. There was an incident.” Again, Sherlock wasn’t making eye contact, but it was more because he’d become distracted by the outline of John’s lips with that hovering bit of bread poised directly in front of them. “We can get it patched if you like. I…I’ll go buy the things myself, after class…and then…it will look alright.”
The stretcher was rolled into the house, for that is what it was, and the second ambulance drew up alongside the one from which they’d extracted Sherlock. Victor on his stretcher was pushed in behind the darker-haired man, but once they were past the point of an overly extravagant first floor, John saw that Victor was wheeled off into a separate private room on the second level across from Sherlock’s own.
He took the tube as far as possible, then made slow progress down the sidewalk to 221. He’d planned on the job hunt after stashing his boxes in the bedroom upstairs, but was exhausted from the walk to the new address. Mrs. Hudson was on the phone when he knocked on the door, but she let him inside with a pleased smile and a wink, then darted back to her flat on the main level. Just enough energy to carry both boxes upstairs, John entered B flat, and found that Sherlock was not there. In point of fact, he didn’t see anything that told him whether Sherlock had made it back after going to the theatre with Victor, and John pushed the DVDs and books onto the shelves behind his chair with a bit more force than necessary. Separating the kitchen items from those of the loo, he quietly went about distributing it all, setting the box with his clothing into the emptier one. Once in his own room, he sorted out the pants, socks, jumpers, jeans, and everything else with military precision. A couple of sport coats, and several pairs of trousers to hang in the closet, he put the empty boxes on the floor beneath them. He was just pulling on the chain to shut off the light when he heard the unmistakable sound of Sherlock coming into the flat, hanging up his coat, and hastening to his room beyond the kitchen.
Instead, Sherlock printed off the evidence Lestrade needed and handed it to the Detective Inspector.
John had not felt this low in a while. When his tea was done, John reluctantly left the café and began limping his way back to the flat, taking a circuitous route to use up as much time as possible. When he finally arrived, Sherlock wasn’t home. Dejected, John went to his room and sat on his bed. It was fate, he decided. The laws of the country wouldn’t allow him to marry Sherlock, they couldn’t bond, they couldn’t have a CP, and Sherlock had left him behind yet again. John’s chest was itching, like something inside was trying to claw its way out. He felt out of focus and unbalanced. He lay back and curled up tight into a ball of misery.
John checked every few days to see if the boxes had moved but they never did. Nervously, John settled back into life at the flat, concentrating on his work, and the Work, always at the ready to loan Sherlock whatever assistance he required. In between, John made sure the flat was tidy enough, and that nothing rotting in the fridge was meant to be that way, that their med kit in the bathroom was always fully stocked or that at least, a replenishment list was being made, and that all their bills were taken care of. It gave him a sense of order and completion to do these things, and it was a good thing it did because Sherlock didn’t care a bit for any of it. Sherlock was willing to hire a cleaner before doing it himself and wasn’t beyond going out and buying new clothing before resorting to doing the laundry. The man owned an unimaginable amount of pants, which told John more than he was comfortable admitting he knew.
“Stay!” Sherlock found it difficult to shout but he managed to raise his voice a little, at least, “You will stay and hear me out.” John stopped moving so Sherlock flapped his hand as imperiously as he could manage. John barked out a pained-sounding laugh but obediently came close to wrap his gentle fingers around those same commanding digits. “In the
and winking naughtily, biting his generous bottom lip suggestively. John flushed a second time but happily, all his embarrassment gone.
“Yeah, well, it’s working,” Danny smiled sadly off into the distance. Sherlock knew that his lover didn’t have much to look forward to. Once the case was solved, or even before, Danny was leaving, and he would be alone. With luck, Sherlock would not be in a similar situation but at the same time, his lover was poking a bear, or if relative predator size versus ferocity were a consideration, John was possibly a badger. The soldier was comparatively short but, he was highly trained, reactive, capable of tremendous physical savagery, and not to be toyed with about some things.
“No! I tell you again, I won’t let you sell me off like I’m Betsy!” Their father’s prized mare, who while also considered quite a prize, was unaware her name was being thrown around in conversation about breeding.
John, having no idea what was going on, had brows thickly drawn down, and his lips thinned almost flat. When he saw Mycroft's behavior, he tried to set aside a rising tide of anger, but couldn't quite keep the level of demand from his tone. "No. What? What have you done?" Maybe knowing he wouldn't get the full lot of details from Mycroft, he sought Trevor's eyes instead, breath getting less steady by the moment.
“Most people don’t know that a good cup isn’t just about the leaves or how long you let the tea brew, but also the temperature of the water. Different teas require their own temperature. The best leaves in the world won’t be palatable if you don’t use the right water temperature.” Sherlock rattled all this off, and then sucked in a breath past his teeth, waiting to gather his courage apparently for the more difficult topic for which he didn’t have a previous background knowledge. “I…that is, Mrs. Hudson suggested quantities, but I purchased the items. You will have looked in the trunk of course, and found the extra pillows. I wasn’t sure if…well, if you would want them on the bed all the time, but…they might serve a useful purpose at some point.” Apprehension clear, Sherlock’s eyelashes fluttered, cup shielding his lips as he turned it up to sip his tea.
“And will continue to support yours bills and vote with you in the House. Yes, I know.” So this is what it had come to, and Sherlock couldn’t believe his lot. He wanted to bite at Mycroft, to cut him to the quick, but he had no ammunition at his disposal. Mycroft had the upper hand, as usual, and Sherlock was torn between his self righteous anger and despair.
“You fix this. You fix this now.” Scraping those teeth now, sliding them against one another, he finally ended up biting his bottom lip so hard it nearly bled.
“Umm…yes, I…I see.” And Sherlock did, for of course he noticed the change in atmosphere that had occurred as soon as Trevor entered the room, and the alteration of cool politeness that John was exhibiting now. Letting his hands drop, Sherlock collected his coat off the rack, draping the heavy Belstaff over his light frame and wrapping his pale neck with a matching scarf of woven blue. “Good…good evening D…” He swallowed a thick lump, and then hastened down the staircase, another slam resounding up the stairwell.
“Listen, I am going to be doing a bit of job hunting, now that things are sorted. Work in a clinic or the like, so I can keep that Dr. title, but you really may call me John.” He’d tried this before, and he knew Sherlock hadn’t forgotten it, could tell the younger man was sharper than that. Giving it one more go, before he let the form of address matter rest along with the one of refunding Sherlock for the bedroom items.
“Ah, Molly, there you are. If you’ll just put these away, we only have one appointment tonight, so it should be a quiet evening.” The shop owner issues her a quick smile, waiting for her to come behind the counter, before changing their positions so he’s sliding out toward where John and Mike are. She’s touching his arm, and hastily glancing to Mike and John before giggling about something, and hurrying to put her bag in the stockroom.
Sarah looked entirely muddled, “Yes, you can, you were emotionally pair-bonded to Sherlock, everyone could see it. I mean, yeah, he was a beta but it was so obvious that you two had been as good as bonded for ages, I just assumed it happened right after you and I called it quits. John…do you not know that you could do that? It doesn’t even require a bite, oh my god, you didn’t know!”
With that fact at the forefront of his self-destructive mind, John set to it, determined to drown his sorrows and erase his memories, or at least blur them into the background.
“The upstairs room is not occupied.” Sherlock didn’t miss how John’s lips turned downward sadly at this proof that Sherlock was indeed involved with Danny intimately, and how the soldier sat straighter, not looking at Sherlock or Danny now.
John was led into a cramped but homey space inside the family home. It was packed full of people who were physical variations of Mycroft and Sherlock. One cousin could have been Sherlock’s twin, if not for the height or hair. Martin was short and coppery, but also barely paying attention. His focus was on the large smiling man at his side, a gentle giant who seemed to hover protectively over the small Holmes. John wondered what their story was. He’d learn in time, he supposed.
There could only be one reason for his presence, “So, lecturing or attending?” They were standing in a hotel the was currently hosting an event centred around advances in forensic investigation.  Sherlock was still an in-demand commodity, or so John had read in the papers. In the last few years, the consultant also became known for his appearances at similar events, instructing new generations of detectives on the
“What about my arse?” John giggled tearily and Sherlock adored every second of it. His entire body ached, and he was so happy because of John’s ridiculous laughter and how that John was so relieved to be joking around with him that he was almost crying. “Is it still beautiful?”
“Then what did you mean, John Watson?” Sherlock was getting up, “You spent years telling everyone that you were not gay, what am I supposed to understand about your refusal?”
“Well, I have quite a bit. Mrs Hudson, although I had moved away, I instructed my estate manager to keep a discrete eye on you. They purchased everything you had to sell, top market value as ordered, and all of it will be arriving first thing in the morning if that is agreeable for you. All of it has been professionally retouched and repaired, including your grandmother’s china cabinet. If you’d please move your knitting supplies from their current location, I will make sure the workmen return it to your flat where it belongs.”
In the cruel early hours of the morning, reality was a bit less kind to John Hamish Watson. All his regrets and guilt were well rested and ready to haunt him harder than ever. In the shower, John swore that he’d do better today, that he’d
No one with money believed that a thirty-seven-year-old man was verifiably a virgin, and since that was his only saleable feature, Sherlock had been sent to the block three separate times at three different auctions. He wasn’t certain how long he’d been in captivity, long enough for his memories to grow dull and vague, possibly because of the
but in the Chinese curse kind of way. I had problems too, fuck, I was such a mess. A complete tart, dangerously so, but that’s a whole different part of my past. With Alex, it was different than the shags at parties or bars.
John felt horrible as he now saw that this was exactly what he had done. His sister was impossible to hide from, she knew him far too well, better than he knew himself. “No! I loved Mary, I did!”
Now Sarah was the one looking uncomfortable, her omega status obvious, and her memory of the heat they had shared still clear in her mind, “Be that as it may, John, everyone who knew you thought the same thing. We all thought you and Sherlock had pair-bonded but now you’re saying you didn’t, and that you were with someone else when he came back. Now you expect Sherlock to just
The sixth and final kiss was fevered, both men tearing open their shirts and tugging down their pants until they were bared barely enough for their hard cocks to meet. Sherlock’s long arms were serving him well since he was more than able to keep his finger buried deep inside John, heaving him closer as they frotted. John fumbled around enough to rip away the final berry and fling to the floor. Sherlock groaned as he was released, and without pause, heaved John up into his arms so that the startled doctor was instinctively required to wrap his legs around Sherlock’s hips. With some strain, Sherlock carried John to his bedroom where he flung the man down onto his bed, “John, I need you, I want you so desperately.”
Sherlock knew he was taking advantage of John’s mood to reminisce, but it didn’t stop him from saying, “Angelo’s?”
Sherlock grinned, the fondness in his eyes in no way overshadowing the deep love also present in his gaze. “Of course not, John Watson, I only prepared for every possible contingency and hoped for the best.”
Sherlock absolutely hated John. He could think of six different ways to murder John while he slept and cursed silently because he knew he wouldn’t try any of them. Once his master died, Sherlock would just be sold to a new owner. He would never be a citizen again. His genetic material had been registered under the
“I can’t leave when you’re sad. It makes me sad too. I only want you to be happy. How can I make you happy, Sherlock?” John sounded anxious.
“Consider it a chemical imbalance triggered by a long series of very unfortunate events. John will be well as soon as I can sort out what needs to be done. We will both be…well. Now, since you apparently are here only to satisfy your morbid curiosity rather than offering us a case to work on, I will bid you good-day. Leave.”
Sherlock were being earnest, and he could tell. Of course, John didn’t know that Sherlock had ulterior motives and wanted John back where he could see him, speak to him, to feel at home with, and to have him there as soon as possible, today, even. “Really?”
, he went through hell and back to save you. Danny can’t measure up to that. Let Sherlock have this, let him have his lover, let him heal, and use this opportunity to show him the John Watson he fell in love with. Give it time, Johnny, but you have to be willing to sacrifice your pride, for once.”
“Cuddle?” John grinned again at Sherlock’s discomfiture. “I can’t think of anything I’d rather do. I’d love it in fact. Come here, love, as much as you want, whenever you want.” Sherlock moved right on in and was soon huddled against John’s slightly over-warm body, with John’s left arm draped over his narrow shoulders. John knew that Sherlock was touch-starved and promised himself to make up for the lack. His illness had opened a door he’d never thought to see through, and now, there were so many paths to explore. He couldn’t wait. Right now, John Watson was the happiest ill man in London, safe in bed with his husband-to-be, and in the dawning hours of a whole new life. “I love you, Biscuit.”
“I know, my love, but now we can wear the rings.” John admired his in return. They matched, both men wearing heavy silver rings on their right hands. “And I can call you my husband.”
Sherlock was rendered unconscious during the last of it. John kept rocking his hips, urging every last sperm to enter Sherlock’s body so that it could seek out the ripe egg that was hidden inside. He could almost feel it when it happened and knew he was successful when his knot deflated and his cock pulled out in a messy gush of now-unnecessary spunk. John collapsed on top of Sherlock and gasped for air. This was it. They’d bonded and bred, now all John had to do was spend the rest of his life looking after his mate and their pups. Sherlock would likely have only one this first time around but he was young, young enough to have time for bigger litters, as many as he wanted. John would give Sherlock all the children he asked for, if his omega wanted that.
“It’s not what it seems, Doctor Watson. That bite was from someone who has been dead for nearly two years now, someone who bonded Sherlock against his will during a fight and tried to force him to be his mate as punishment. Sherlock killed him rather than submit to a force-bond.” John felt hollow now, all his anger and fury evaporating entirely. He looked at the bite again and felt sick.
Sherlock’s face expressed his chagrin that his message had been once again misunderstood, “You are. You are
John didn’t want to remember Eurus but he did and without meaning to, he shuddered. “Yes, Mrs Holmes.”
Sherlock observed her reaction. Dr Hooper was very surprised, but not negative. “We’re living together.” He could see the question in her face, “John knows.” Molly dragged Sherlock into her office, leaving a bemused but tolerant Danny to wait by the exit.
John looked utterly surprised that Danny was defending him. “We can help you move, if you require assistance, John.” Danny was completely sincere, leaning into his offer with an open and friendly expression, “Call us day or night, we’re here for you.”
“He can very easily kill you, you know.” Sherlock felt the need to warn Danny, forgoing an explanation. Danny was able to see for himself what John Watson was, and if he wasn’t careful, he could trigger a very violent reaction from John.
John watched Sherlock’s jaw flap wordlessly for a moment before he sagged back, “You’re right.” Sherlock turned to John, “I know you were just being you and here’s me being awful all over again. I’m sorry, John.”
John hummed happily as he made Sherlock take a long hot bath after. He rubbed Sherlock’s shoulders, petting his hair, and stroking soothing hands over his body. Sherlock loathed him. After he was out and dry, John inserted a suppository which instantly numbed the entire region, much to Sherlock’s relief. “You’ll be too sore to fuck tomorrow if I don’t do this, not that I’d stop myself. This will help you heal right up, though you’ll still feel the strain of it all but you’re a fine strong lad, aren’t you? You’ll be right as rain in no time. Such a pretty boy.” John hunted around the room until he gathered up some old bedclothes of his that were too short for Sherlock but covered him better than the sheet he had arrived in. “Come on, we’re going to eat and then we’re off to bed. You need to heal, and for that, you need rest.”
his mate, not really. You have not bonded, nor will you be able to bond. You are by his side at my discretion, and the moment I decide that having you with him is doing more harm than good, then I will remove you. You both need to be in a healthy relationship with one another. This inequity will ruin you both. Tell me I am wrong.”
John mourned the loss of the antique cases and sturdy Victorian writing tables. “Not to worry, Mrs Hudson, I’m certain we can sort out something.” She looked so relieved that John felt guilty. His downward spiral had cost all of them, and he hated himself all over again. His stomach began to cramp, and he clenched his fists to calm himself.
Now they were too busy to feel awkward. Often, they were home only long enough to have a quick wash and change of clothes, grabbing a hastily assembled sandwich on the way out the door. When they came home to shower before catching some much-needed sleep, Sherlock couldn’t help but notice everything John did. The breach between them hadn’t entirely healed yet, but that didn’t stop Sherlock from remembering all the intimate things about John that he knew. Showers now reminded Sherlock that the soldier had a very healthy sexual appetite, one that he sated with his hand on a regular, and even frequent basis. For a man in his mid-forties, John’s libido hadn’t cooled much. He was discreet, but it wasn’t difficult to hear his moans and grunts through the paper-thin walls, especially if you were just outside the door. When John got himself off in his bedroom, all Sherlock had to do was go to his and listen.
John tugged away the stockings until Sherlock was bare beneath his little skirt. His cock was still hiding shyly in its foreskin, but John put his mouth right on it anyway. Sherlock’s fingers were in his hair and he was gasping John’s name repeatedly in a voice that
could compete with that. John made his priorities clear; Rosie first, everything else a far distant second.
John seemed to be waiting patiently, stepping closer by a pace but in a comforting and not threatening manner. Sherlock took a deep breath and just let the words tumble out, “I’m not human. I’m what you might term
Sherlock knew the kiss was a risk but how could he not take it, not when all the signs pointed toward success and a success it was. John was actively kissing him once more, and it was everything Sherlock could have hoped for and more. John wasn’t passively accepting Sherlock’s advance, he was making some of his own if the hand on Sherlock’s arse was any kind of indication, so Sherlock boldly rubbed his hips hard against John’s, bending his knees a bit to get the level just right. The firmness he found there answered any question he might have had, yet, voicing them was more necessary as well. “You are every good reason to keep being here, John. I don’t need to know about the solar system because you are the centre of everything. All I’ll ever want is you.”
“You can’t believe him! He’s a sociopath and a professional liar. He can’t know anything for certain.” Mary protested but she looked guilty. Everyone knew that omega scent receptors were incomparable, and being able to tell who fathered a child, or at least who hadn’t, was instinctual to omega everywhere.
The good doctor seemed entranced by the way his fingers looked pushing in and out of Sherlock’s bottom. He kept doing it, drizzling on a drop or two more of lubricant that he’d gotten from who knows where repeatedly until Sherlock was sopping wet. “I need your cock, John. I want to know what it feels like to have you inside me.”
The doctor sat on the edge of the bed, a large and happy smile on his face. After he managed to drink a recuperative sip, Sherlock noticed that John was wearing Sherlock’s favourite blue robe. It suited him, even if the arms were a touch too long. “I think some food will help our stomachs.”
It made Sherlock miss their previous closeness even more and made him want to return to the drugs he was using so recently. There was no point wandering about. His thoughts weren’t any less muddled, so with a sigh, Sherlock returned to Baker Street.
Sherlock was silent. He was frozen inside, unable to speak in John’s defence because Danny was harsh but truthful.
Lunch was silent. Sherlock didn’t look at John. He sat quietly and ate his meal, eyes down. He was so miserable and there was nothing he could do to end it, not unless he was willing to die, and he wasn’t. John was horrible, rough and heartless, but he was at least just one man. Sherlock knew that he would be enduring all the same things dozens of times over if he were enslaved anywhere else. The orgasm and food seemed to settle John down from his anger, so after they finished, he made Sherlock follow him to the library where he sat on the sofa and cuddled Sherlock to his side. Petting him like an animal, John took up one of his journals while his free hand carded through Sherlock’s hair.
“Good,” John understood Sherlock’s inability to manage more than one syllable at a time. All the sensations they were creating together were overwhelming. John’s body was confused on how to react to the invasion, and while it didn’t exactly hurt, there was a stretchy sort of tingling that wasn’t wonderful. “It’s good.”
Sherlock was so stiff the next morning that he could barely move. John ran a hot bath for him, but Sherlock was in such agony that he almost couldn’t sit down at first. John’s voice was cold when he stated, “You’re clearly still able to enjoy your vices.” With that statement, he produced a large syringe filled with a thick crimson liquid. Sherlock felt his heart racing with fear as John administered a dose of
“This is really useful.” Sherlock’s voice was soft and a little troubled. “I didn’t get you anything nearly as good."
She looked at John, her face filled with compassion, “Live and let live, I always say. Welcome back, John.” She led them upstairs, and into their old rooms. The differences were jarring. All their familiar old furniture was gone, even the worn old carpet. All that remained of their once cluttered front room were the walls, the wooden floor, and the fireplace. Everything else was gone. The kitchen was entirely bare, all the appliances and tables gone, and the cupboards bare even of dust, “I sold off everything of value. My last tenants had their own things. She got pregnant so they moved off to somewhere larger, she’s having twins. It’s been empty for a good while and I had expenses.”
There was a lot of silence. Sherlock felt melancholy now and he sighed. John was sitting on the edge of the bed looking as morose as Sherlock felt. “Maybe we should just sleep on it. If we
The flag pillow was back in the chair, and John positioned it better to support his lumbar area, only then taking the set held out by Sherlock. The younger man’s fingers curled in against his palms, clenching before he turned away to sit in the chair of leather and chrome. John didn’t think the action had anything to do with being made to wait while he sorted himself out, but he sat in study a bit longer. Sherlock had his own set of tea items, but unlike John, he was on the edge of his seat and didn’t appear to be making himself comfortable. ‘Eager’ another passing thought for the doctor, followed by a more derisive one for his own condition, and why Sherlock should care what he wanted.
“Mmm, please wake up. You need your bed, D…Sir. I mean, John.” Faltering out, he tried nudging a bit, and that seemed to meet with success as the doctor roused and blinked away the fuzz coating his brain. It didn’t take John long to become aware though, years of army training and doctor’s duties doing their level best to have him in readiness.
Although they are walking together now, John hasn’t included himself in the question, but Mike changes that. “I took the afternoon off today, and need to go visit one of the local shops. Anniversary next week, so I thought we’d head that way.” A few steps more toward their destination, and he looks about the scenery, casually taking in the few people that have also left work early, the parents with strollers and young children hurrying to the playground nearby, and the pigeons that have taken over a section of the park. “Couldn’t Harry help?”
In the cab back to 221B, he kept his distance, not letting his hand drift to span the short reach for a clasp with Sherlock’s. It was difficult, but he knew the younger man was on medication for pain, and he didn’t find it right to press his advantage, in case Sherlock changed his mind. He did realize Sherlock still called him Sir, but it was a matter for closed doors, once they were home.
Still, once he’s back, the dialogue continues. "I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.” With the new choices safely positioned on the counter, the man resumes, one arm across his midsection this time and the elbow of the other side fitted against it so his lips are half hidden by the return of those lengthy fingers. At least, until he suddenly fires another round of words at John. “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” Strangely, the way the words are said varies from the almost skittish glance he gives John, and the subtle flush of color that stains his cheeks.
Now 49 years old and living with a flatmate yet again, John knew that this could be one of his last chances to find true happiness. All he had to do to attain it was drop trou. His palms were sweating, and his left eye was twitching with stress. John wasn’t sure he could do it. Tonight was possibly the most important night of his life, one where he would be crossing a boundary he’d never thought to reach, and he was wracked with anxiety over the possible fallout.
Everything was blurry for a long time. Eventually, John realized that he was drowsing on Sherlock, his cock flaccid and spent inside the used condom, both at least safely outside of Sherlock’s body and drying onto the sheet below. Sherlock was entirely still, sleeping heavily, his limbs splayed out widely. His face was peaceful and John could even hear a slight snore. He hadn’t seen Sherlock sleep this heavily since he’d first come back from the dead. Carefully, John peeled himself off before he crept to the loo. Rinsing out a flannel in hot water, he snuck back the bedroom and washed Sherlock down. It was the middle of the day now but John was completely wrung out. He washed quickly and debated about going to his room before he realized that he was being entirely ridiculous. Walking softly, John returned to Sherlock’s room and pulled a duvet over both of them. Sleep came quickly.
John went to the kitchen and washed up. He didn’t want to do it in the morning, not when he had to take an early train just to drop Rosie off with Harry for the day so that he could go to work. Just because he was living at Sherlock’s didn’t mean he could quit his job. He still had a future to save toward, and a child to plan for. With a sigh, John put the leftovers in the fridge in a container, destined for his lunch on the morrow. Glancing out the kitchen window, he spotted the security detail sitting down the block. There were two of them today.
The last present was large, and Sherlock seemed to have lost his voice as he pulled it out. “It’s a bug-out bag.” John showed Sherlock the various tools and other useful items contained within its small dimensions, and the medical gear that was hidden inside.
Furious at being compelled to leave Baker Street, John acted out with childish spite the moment Sherlock left him alone to pack himself up. He broke Sherlock’s violin bow. He burned Sherlock’s skull, or tried to, Mrs Hudson rescued it before it was more than barely scorched. John destroyed all of Sherlock’s ongoing experiments, not caring that five separate cases would now go unsolved because he’d ruined the scant evidence available. In the end, Mrs Hudson resorted to turning to Mycroft Holmes in a panic. Mycroft sent a dozen very large men to pick up John and physically remove him spitting and screaming from 221 B Baker Street, depositing him and his few boxes at a shelter for veterans.
Sherlock knew he was hysterical, but he couldn’t stop himself. Danny hugged him tightly, holding onto Sherlock with nearly painful intensity. “We’ll find him, Sherlock, we will.” He kissed Sherlock firmly, and smacked his behind, “Take a deep breath.” Sherlock obeyed. “Hold it for twenty seconds then let it out.” Sherlock obeyed again. “Clench your fists and tense your shoulders.” Sherlock did. “Release.” Sherlock obeyed again and suddenly found that he could breathe a bit and that his heart wasn’t pounding so frantically in his chest. “Better?”
Danny began to pet Sherlock’s body. There was no other description for it. It was languorous and relaxing. Sherlock felt himself drifting as Danny stroked and caressed him, his bony hand sliding over Sherlock’s clothes. “You can do more if you like.” Danny didn’t hesitate. His hand slid up Sherlock’s pyjama top, running over Sherlock’s skin delicately before dipping into Sherlock’s bottoms. Slowly, Danny explored Sherlock, pulling at his bottom-cheeks, shifting Sherlock until his arse was bared and available for fingering. Sherlock spread his legs a bit wider, inviting more, enjoying the sensation of being explored. Never before in his life had he considered how it might actually feel to just
“How’s that.” John was browsing the advertisements. The doctor was often amused by the items or services offered and made a point of reading through them frequently. “Sherlock?” John finally looked up.
, John, and here we are, together again. I thought our friendship was over last year at this time, I thought I would die in another country, and that I might never have a chance to say that
Sherlock wasn’t the only one with tears on his face. “John,” began Sherlock. Hope began to bloom once again, and it was exhilarating.
John bent himself lower. Omega did this sometimes. It was instinctual for them, a way of letting their alpha know that they had been claimed, of letting others know who had claimed them utterly. “You
Mycroft pleaded sincerely for the first time in John’s memory, “Remain with him for his heat. He can’t have suppressants, not anymore, and even if he could, he’s far too weak. Do not even
The trip out of the city was uneventful. Mycroft had his people drop off an unassuming black car in front of their building, so Sherlock drove them to his brother’s house via a wildly circuitous route. John’s thoughts came together enough for him to realise that Sherlock was just enjoying himself, pretending it was just a nice day for a drive with the person he cared for. It wasn’t enough to shake the SUV trailing after them, and John was certain that his preternaturally observant omega had spotted it as well. It was a tad annoying to have Mycroft’s people tailing them, but he supposed the circumstances warranted it. Hoping it would make his omega happy, John reached over and carefully lay his hand upon Sherlock’s thigh. He glanced over and was relieved to see a small smile on Sherlock’s face, but also a sad tear slipping down his cheek again, “Thank you, John. This is lovely, isn’t it? We so seldom have a sunny day together.”
“Would you marry me, Sherlock?” John’s eyes were open and solemn. “I know our whole lives just changed today but…I love you, Sherlock. I’ve been in love with you probably since the first day we met but I never did anything about it. Now, all this time has gone by and that feeling has never gone away. It’s bigger than ever. Now here we are, together because of a magic bond which is so unfair to you, so I’m going to ask, of your own volition, would you marry me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes?”
“John, yes, oh fuck yes!” Sherlock’s cries were ecstatic, so without hesitation, John began to fuck his omega hard and fast, ruthlessly pounding into his body. Sherlock was wet with slick, his body producing copious amounts of it to aid John’s quest. His entrance was stretched tight, a pale pink ring that engulfed John hungrily, “Bite me, alpha, breed me! Bond me!”
some alphas who were small enough to engage in all forms of sex with a beta, but John was not in that number. Instead, he and Mary relied on manual stimulation and intercrural sex, and many other delightful workarounds.
Mycroft heaved a put-upon sigh before looking directly at his brother and saying, “Hold any ceremony you like, invite all your friends. Have repeat performances, none of them is legally binding until a year from now. I won’t apologise for that because I’ve put in a lot of effort to get things even this far, so no, there are no
“That I love you. I can’t be with anyone but you, I haven’t wanted to be with anyone but you for ages. These nights out have been making me feel worse, and not better. I did it because all I seem to want to do is have sex with you, but you’d always said you wanting nothing to do with that sort of thing, and after all this time…”
John’s answer was unhesitating, “Like I’m doing something worthwhile, like I matter to someone at last. You do such incredible things, Sherlock, but when you’re not, you let me look after you and spend time with you, and you don’t let anyone else, just me. I’m not special, not really, but you make me feel like I am.”
Sherlock nodded, “While I was gone. Some of it is trash but all of it came in handy one place or another.” John kept digging, opening the small pockets within. One of them held a photograph, just one, and he looked up at Sherlock after examining it, “Yes. It’s you. I missed you so much. All I had was that one picture but it helped. I wanted to come home to you. That’s the only thing that kept me going, knowing that you were here to come back to. I did so many things to get here, John.”
Sherlock’s fingers curled into fists so tight he was barely able to yank the door shut behind him and ignored the yelp of pain coming from John. Apparently, his fingers had been in the jamb, but Sherlock wasn’t concerned. John’s fingers and the rest of his body weren’t his to care for. John had someone else calling him
Suddenly, he knew what the next step was, so he took it. Sherlock went up to John’s room. Without knocking, Sherlock pushed open the door and walked in. John was sitting on the edge of the bed, his head hanging, dejection radiating from his small body. “Move back in properly.” Sherlock said baldly, “I don’t forgive you but…” he floundered, “Just…get your things.” Harry had a spare handful of boxes of whatever John had left, mostly old books and other items of sentimental but not fiscal value.
daddies he’d bedded, this one was obviously not going to want to fuck him if he were underage. Sherlock told him the truth, “I’m nineteen.”
Sherlock did everything by himself these days. John had chosen not to return to 221 B Baker Street after Mary’s death. The doctor stubbornly remained in the small house he’d shared with her, committed to raising his daughter the way he’d planned with her now late mother.  At first, John tried to find time between his many obligations to continue assisting Sherlock on cases, but his new residence was a fair amount of travel time away from Baker Street and John did not often have time to spare. After a few tries, the doctor tersely reminded Sherlock that he still had to earn a living, to find a way to cover all his current expenses on his own, and while
John took Sherlock to Hyde Park to enjoy the Winter Wonderland. They ambled through, not really doing anything, but just enjoying knocking elbows with one another as they made their way through the crowds. Sherlock couldn’t recall being happier on Christmas. John had made his entire day fantastic. Without thinking, Sherlock put his arm around John’s shoulder, pulling him close as the walked. John didn’t protest. In fact, the doctor immediately put his hand around Sherlock’s waist, gripping his hip firmly as they continued to stroll. When they stopped to admire a display or ornaments, Sherlock allowed his arm to fall away but John caught him by the hand and held tight to it. Sherlock smiled and let him.
Sherlock sat there in agony for hours, cramping and bleeding from the weals on his buttocks and back. The bruises were deep, and it felt as if the flesh on his back and legs was melting away, barely hanging on by their connective tissues. He needed to be still to keep from hurting himself, so, trembling with shock and pain, Sherlock stayed awake to make sure he didn’t tumble to the floor, to list to the side, or do anything at all that would cause his body more damage. It took a long time before the pain dulled into a steady uncomfortable throb, and Sherlock could breathe with relative ease. He fell into a light but unhappy doze for only a short amount of time. John woke up well after dawn and stood in front of Sherlock who was compelled to fellate his master as soon as his wrists were untied. John was wordless and rough, choking Sherlock with his cock purposefully until Sherlock nearly vomited again. When he was done, John showered and dressed. Snapping a collar around Sherlock’s throat, John dragged him naked from the house and into a cab.
Upon reemerging from the back, the owner has one final set to place between Mike, this one much more ornate than the others. “Recroy by Royal Limoges. Recamier shape with gold incrusted design, cobalt blue and hand painted relief gold adornment.“ Mike looks taken aback by all the bands of gold alternating with the single stripe of bone china white and two of nearly midnight blue, but the shop owner has one last thing to add before he gives Mike time to consider.
John took off his own throw to lower his legs, stretching both of them as he eased onto his feet, the sudden activity from Sherlock curiously endearing as the doctor limped off toward the DVD player and television to put in a new movie. There wasn’t pain though, and this was a gift unto itself, the limping just the standard loss of sensation from having ones feet raised upward for too long.
John shook his head slightly, noticing the level of Sherlock’s attention, and slipped the bread into his mouth. There might have been longer taken to eat it than was necessary, but he was smiling at his young companion, swallowing before he verbally changed the plan. “No, no it’s fine. Curious, is all.” Shrug of his shoulder, he picked up his fork, piercing the first lot of grilled meat, peppers, and onions, and groaning more than a bit as the flavor hit his tongue.
Tipping himself ever so slightly forward, he drew in a breath to get more of John’s unique scent into his olfactories, further immersed in the army doctor’s world by virtue of his shampoo, aftershave, and his own skin. Imagining what it would look like, Sherlock visualized the woods, not the dessert heat that might have been expected. The scent of the scotch added to this, but the aftershave brought in notes of musk, and leather.
Inhaling, John nodded, “Smells good. Looking forward to trying something…new. Sit down, and I will get the DVD in.” He’d a feeling Sherlock would just hover, if he didn’t give him exact directions on course of action, and it would take a few minutes to get the disk inside the machine, start up, arrive at the menu, and take a seat himself. If he let that new suggestion hover in the air for Sherlock’s mental benefit, well that was a fair trade. As he worked at going through the DVDs, he heard the sofa leather make a quiet creak, yet not enough of one for a person really getting comfortable.
Ran into Mike Stamford yesterday, and went to one of the local shops with him. He introduced me to a young man in need of a flatmate, so I went around this evening, and had a look at it. It’s pretty decent actually. Sherlock had already moved in, so it was a bit of a mess, but that’s actually a nice change from this place. Going to work on the job hunt, soon.
Over the course of the next two weeks, Sherlock and John began settling into a pattern of domesticity. On the nights he didn't have class, he and John would eat the dinner he'd prepared, and then sit in the living room and explore more films together. John had gotten his second pick of jobs from the list Sherlock had provided, and had exchanged it with the younger man for a list of his favorite foods, drinks, etc. He only worked one night shift during those two weeks, and Sherlock had two nights of class, but mostly theirs was an evening life together. Sherlock still had the teashop to work in during the day of course, and on his lunch breaks John would stop in so they could either go out or eat a packed lunch in the back room. A bell had been installed the first week, so if a customer came in, Sherlock would hasten forward to wait on them.
“You’re a doctor. You know you’re clean. I am too, look, the fridge. I got my latest back, clean as the driven snow.”
!” The workman shoved Sherlock to the side as his crew made their way down the street. All of them eyed the taller man with mean eyes, the heavy tools in their hands or over their shoulders all poised threateningly.
doubts for months, right from when Sherlock had first returned from the dead, but especially after Sherlock had been shot. John’s lifelong habit of repressing his true feelings about things that affected him deeply forced him to continue denying his actual emotions regarding the world’s only consulting detective, and now everything was muddled because John doubted himself even more than he doubted others.
Mycroft snapped, “If you hadn’t gone off to destroy Moriarty’s organisation under the guise of your own death then England along with many other countries, would have fallen beneath the Spider’s control right after the death of everyone you ever held dear. You are my only brother and I love you more than I can ever show. I have nothing but respect for what John means to you
It was Sherlock who brought things to a head, as it were. Mornings were becoming a bit of an issue now that he was consistently waking up in a completely tumescent state. At first, he was able to ignore his need, willing his unwanted erection away. He’d never had much of a sex drive, and usually managed to find time in the past to masturbate whenever his body refused to demand it. In his current situation, he didn’t know how to deal with them. Wanking in bed was out of the question. He could do it in the shower, but John would almost certainly come to check on him if he began to moan and moan he would. He’d always been a bit noisy, restricting his private time to hours when the flat was otherwise empty. Unfortunately, these days John never left him alone long enough to have a bit of a sneaky wank, and after four consecutive days of a growing and continually unsatisfied need, Sherlock was getting a bit desperate. This morning, his cock was thick, throbbing, and almost pulsing with frustrated desire. Without thinking, Sherlock reached down and gave himself a sleepy stroke, exhaling roughly as a shiver of pleasure rippled through him.
John fumbled for tissue in his pocket. At least as a parent, he always had supplies on him, not that he spent much time with Rosie.
During the many consults he was required to endure, Sherlock sat mutely on the bed while the doctors talked directly to John. The soldier let them continue on in that manner for a couple of minutes before he stopped them with a sharp gesture, “You know he’s awake and that he’s a genius, right? You don’t need to filter your diagnosis through me, he understands all the big words and can probably cite more related cases than you can.” After that, the specialists spoke right to Sherlock, and each time it happened, Sherlock felt warm inside.
Tears filled Sherlock’s eyes and he was struggling to breathe around sobs that he could not contain, “Yes?”
It was Christmas Eve. He and Sherlock Holmes were about to celebrate their very first Christmas together after years and months of misery, angst, misunderstandings, death, grievous injury, and general pain. John had originally planned to go endure the holidays with his sister but she’d run off to the Bahamas with her latest girlfriend, cancelling his visit with her via a call from the airport, and leaving him high and dry for the holiday season.
As the months passed, their bond grew stronger. It was no longer a simple tie that melded their hearts. It had grown into a complicated mesh that kept them sane, stable, and incredibly happy. They did the Work together, solving cases as a solid unit, their strengths working seamlessly in unison to overcome their weaknesses and blind-spots until they were nearly unstoppable. Their reputation grew once again, but this time when people asked if they were a couple, both men would smile, nod, and proudly agree that they were. Sherlock never popped his collar or even buttoned his shirts up all the way. He loved to show off his bite-mark, preening as other omega eyed it enviously because John Watson was just that good.
“There’s a community in space?” Sherlock was entirely astonished, “Is there crime there? How do they govern themselves? How is it possible to sustain a space community? Are they dependent on supplies from earth or are their facilities self-supporting?”
John and Sherlock blushed equally bright and Danny laughed when Sherlock said, “That’s not funny. Rosie is still very young.”
John just laughed harder for a moment before calming himself down and grinning widely at Sherlock. He’d felt a bit awkward that John was laughing at him, but now the soldier was looking at him with such…fondness, that all his less happy feelings melted away, “You’re a mad bastard, Sherlock Holmes, and I wouldn’t have you any other way. You’re just amazing.”
Sherlock stopped walking, his face serious as he carefully cupped John’s face in his hand, holding him as if the smaller man were made of the most delicate of materials, “Being away from me is killing you, my love. Your body is wasting away because your spirit is broken. I don’t want you to die. I don’t want to be cold and empty inside any more. I want my heart to come back to me where it belongs,” Sherlock bent down just enough to press a single chaste kiss onto John’s mouth, “I am only alive with you, my dear John. Be with me and let us both live again.”
They rarely did it this way but John eagerly rolled to his belly and lifted his hips invitingly. Sherlock took him up on it, ravenous for more. Somewhere they’d graduated from tender healing and slipped into feral need. Sherlock groaned at the feast laid out beneath him and mouthed his way down John’s spine until he reached those sweet pert handfuls of arse that tempted him so ardently. With reverence that he showed nowhere else, Sherlock used his long fingers to push them apart enough to reveal John’s most intimate entrance. Exposed, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from leaning over and using his tongue to wring moan after moan from his lover.
John was holding him up, his strong arms keeping Sherlock tight against, him, his dear head tucked beneath Sherlock’s chin.
was the only tool he had left. He swallowed the pastille and lay on the floor to stare at the ceiling, ignoring the chill in the air. It was warmer than how he felt inside.
The next morning, Sherlock checked his mobile. Mycroft had plugged it in, so he had plenty of battery to see the barrage of comments that had flooded John’s blog, most of them shocked and angry. He also saw that John had texted and phoned him numerous times in the night, each one becoming angrier and more demanding than the last. Sherlock read the last message, “Answer your fucking phone, you arse!”
Sherlock laughed softly and kissed the man goodbye. Once they were washed and dressed, there was no more reason to linger. Sherlock called up a cab and kissed the soldier a final time, “It was wonderful.” It had been. “I’m glad I met you.”
Without intending, John found himself inside a janitorial closet ten minutes later, giving her a good seeing to even as his brain reminded him that he wasn’t doing this kind of thing any longer. John couldn’t seem to resist his impulse to fuck anyone who was interested and temporarily available, but the moment he came, he loathed himself. She was happy and left him standing there with his pants around his knees and regret bubbling up in a bilious wave. Yanking them up, John made up his mind and practically ran back to Baker Street and Sherlock. He had never regretted an impulse as much after seeing what he saw when he got there.
A different person began to speak into a recording device, “Both subjects have been cleared for the next phase of testing. Initiate 5646 stimulus.” The lights dimmed as everyone left the area just as a screen of imagery was projected onto the far wall by an inset device in the ceiling. John managed to get to his knees, his eyes glued to the recognisable scene unfolding in front of him.
“Good try, love. One bland mashed meal, coming up.” Sherlock grumbled a bit on principle but secretly thrilled at being openly referred to as John’s
John made it four blocks before he needed to lurch into an alley to collect his wits, his emotions in an almost hysterical swirl as every feeling he had fought for dominance.
John.” Sherlock’s cries were filled with sorrow as well as longing. It made John feel a jumble of hidden emotions deep inside of himself begin to unravel. He knew what Sherlock thought he had lost.
John cringed with remorse and self-recrimination. He’d been angry with Sherlock for so long, and over so many things. The trust he’d once had in his magnificent friend had been tested unto breaking and John realized that he’d never truly understood the depth of sacrifice that Sherlock had made for him, and how incredibly clear it was now
“Harry, no,” he protested weakly because John didn’t want to be compared to his late father; violent unforgiving merciless bastard that he was, and yet that’s exactly how
The soldier’s comments finally penetrated the alcoholic fog. Sherlock wasn’t sure what John was talking about and hazily tried to make sense of the comment, “No one ever has, John. I haven’t wanted anyone to even try before. I’m glad it’s you. I’ve thought about it.”
Danny kept going until he was able to fit three fingers easily, Sherlock’s anus now glistening and stretched. He’d had no idea that he could feel so sensuous, that someone doing this to him could feel right and glorious and just what he needed. The sensations were powerful and overwhelming, erasing all the sadness in his heart, replacing it with something new. By the time Danny was breaching him with his penis, the fat head popping in smoothly, Sherlock was incapable of speech. It was all so intense, so lusciously new. Danny’s groans were deep and heartfelt, and he was surprisingly strong. He kept everything gentle for a long time but eventually, his self-control began to slip.
, and it made John feel like he was being torn in two even more than previously. He knew he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t stay here and look after Sherlock, not without compromising himself even more than he already had. He couldn’t have both Mary and Sherlock, and he’d already entered a union with one. Holding back tears, John dragged out the new mobile and sent his apologies to Mycroft, “I am so, so sorry but I can’t stay with him. It’s too much. He’s much better now but he will need monitoring.”
Two of the larger newcomers trained handguns on him, compelling him to get to his knees. The front of his cell receded into the wall to the left, and John could only hold himself still while he was examined, rudely biopsied, and notated. His neighbour was receiving similar treatment. Just when he thought they might be done, John found his arm being seized by two of the strangers who held firmly, while a third injected a painfully large bored syringe worth of clear fluid into the muscle mass of his upper arm. It hurt, burning almost immediately. John grew dizzy and flushed and felt adrenalin punch through him as he began to panic.
John swallowed hard but then took a moment to text something, pressing send before answering. It broke Sherlock’s heart into even smaller pieces because even an argument about their relationship wasn’t important enough for John to stop texting Lisa. “You don’t own me, Sherlock. I can do what I like with my time, and be with other people if I want.”
His enigmatic answer intrigued Sherlock, even as he watched Rosie closely still, “Independent then?” Deductions were flying at him but for once, Sherlock wanted to get answers the old-fashioned way.
John looked solemn now and moved his arms back down to hold Sherlock’s waist. “No, you have every right to doubt me. What you said, you weren’t wrong.” John hung his head and his entire body seemed to radiate a bone-deep shame, “I
try to rape me, I suppose. It wouldn’t physically harm me to be rogered by your pin-prick, although, the thought of having your genetic material anywhere on me is a bit revolting. Getting me pregnant would be an impossibility, even at the height of my heat.” Sherlock stated calmly as if David had not spoken a word. He sniffed in David’s direction before wrinkling his nose, “You probably don’t even need to use birth control. Your underdeveloped bollocks can’t produce more than a handful of barely viable sperm. That’s another reason Mary likes you, you produce a lot of volumes, but you are as good as infertile. Interesting, because I smell her pregnancy.” He paused to sniff dramatically once more, “It’s not John’s, there isn’t a trace of him on her and if she were pregnant with his pups, she’d reek of him. No, she smells, oh my,” Sherlock paused again, taking a deliberately insulting breath in Mary’s direction, “She doesn’t smell of
“I know, Sherlock, and that’s okay. Eat your appetiser.” Food was magically arriving, and Sherlock realised that John must have pre-chosen their dinner options if all of it was ready so soon. How much planning had gone into this? “I love crab soup!”
“Hmm, typical motor reflexes for a British male in his fourth decade, temperature only one degree above normal, an average rate of breath, heart-beat well within the normal range…John? John, do you know who I am? What do you see, John?”
“Don’t be like that with yourself, Sherlock.” John kissed Sherlock’s forehead, “You deserve to know how beautiful you are, how clever you are, how amazing you are. Not enough people tell you, but from now on, I will.” John made sure Sherlock could see him clearly, “I love you. I’m going to spend the rest of my life letting you feel that. You’ll never have to doubt me, not about anything. I am one hundred percent devoted to making you happy.”
He sighed now, realizing that Sherlock probably wouldn’t recognize his text as anything remotely flirtatious. A moment later, another text arrived. “If I’d known you would have let me use it, I would have taken you up on that. It looks better on me anyway.”
John had clearly been planning to end the visit now that his request had been made and accepted but now, he hesitated, “Sure, but I can do it, it’s not a bother.” Waving him off, Danny strode off to the kitchen and clattered around, clearly not planning on coming right back. Sherlock sat there in uncomfortable silence until John spoke once more, “He seems good for you. You look…good.”
The few who knew him smiled at his habits, rolled their eyes, or shrugged their shoulders, dismissing his collections as just another oddity. John, faithful blogger that he was, rooted it all out and bound it together in an album for Sherlock to flip through, happily reminiscing over past meals and rail trips. John supported Sherlock in whatever way required. The soldier had been awakened by his friendship with Sherlock and both men knew that all the years before they’d met had been gloomy as well as lonely, and it was good to have proof in hand that better times had been enjoyed. Those simple pleasures had been enough for Sherlock, now he needed to figure out how to reciprocate in a way that allowed John to feel the depth of his best friend’s regard.
“What is it?” Sherlock sounded totally confused as he lifted out a hand-sized piece of hard plastic. It was vaguely bird shaped and it had a finger sized hole where the eye might potentially be located. One edge was slightly serrated and overall, it just looked like a strange plastic toy.
He didn’t realize that he’d spoken the questions aloud until Molly answered, “Since you came back. He’s known since then. It was horrible how he treats you now. I still can’t wrap my head around how unforgiving he is toward you. I mean, he forgave
I can get you meds, and everything you’ll need, and you wouldn’t need to worry about any sort of authority finding out. I’ll take care of everything, I’ll make it as easy for you as I can, just please, let me help you get better. I’ll leave right after. You won’t have to ask. Just, get healthy, and …”
He called the police, explaining that he had arrived home to discover a strange alpha had tried to assault his mate after breaking into their secured flat while his mate was entering heat. The broken lock on the exterior door was proof enough that the unconscious man had not been invited and had, in fact, forced his way. John was too far under the control of his inner alpha to realise that he’d unthinkingly publicly declared that he was Sherlock’s bond-mate. He made no effort to correct his declaration. Carefully, John carried the insensible omega to his bedroom and lay him out on his bed, checking his pulse as he pulled Sherlock’s mobile out, “Mycroft, it’s John. I came by to see Sherlock and some bloke was in the flat. He knocked Sherlock out before I could stop him. I don’t know what Sherlock’s situation is right now but I’m about to call for an ambulance. Whoever it was tried to force himself on Sherlock because he’s going into heat. I beat the bastard unconscious, so I suppose the police will be taking me away soon.”
John sat and waited for his next order. He felt no urgency, no impatience, nothing. He just waited. Sherlock sighed deeply, “Make some tea, John, for both of us. You must be hungry, too. Please fix yourself a hearty breakfast, something you like.” Sherlock remained sad looking when John did exactly as was requested; brewing two cups of tea, and then making a large breakfast for one. He didn’t offer Sherlock his second slice of toast the way he would have done in the past because Sherlock hadn’t told him that it was okay to do. John ate his meal and then sat back, waiting. “Do the washing up, and then use the loo again if you need it. I will be waiting for you in the front room.”
John knew he was over-protective but they’d learned that his late-fake-ex-wife had worked for Moriarty and that Moriarty himself had been a player for a larger concerned who Mycroft would only identify via his initials, C.A.M, a person of interest who mysteriously was found murdered at his own residence via a shot right through his brain. David had also been caught but had also been spirited away. What happened to him, the pair could not bring themselves to care about. John didn’t question it and neither did Sherlock, though the omega was greatly disgruntled that Mycroft had sent in sleeper agents who bore a striking resemblance to both he and John. That person had ended up being charged with murder, but at Sherlock’s insistence, the punishment had been relatively light. The agent was sent out of the country, back to his homeland where a new identity and new life awaited him.
The flat was awful. Already it felt cold and hollow, all the little missing details horribly noticeable. The stack of novels that John kept meaning to read. Gone. His side of the desk. Empty. All the magazines. Gone. Their pin-board with bills, their events calendar, and notes to one another. Blank. The kitchen. Completely empty except for experiments, and whatever ancient dishes Mrs Hudson had first handed over. The loo. Gutted. There was one thin towel left, and the bog roll. John’s med-kit was gone. Even when he’d been a married man, that case had remained, used sparingly during cases. He was glad it was gone and silently thanked the movers for their thoroughness. Sherlock made a note to have it replaced but
Sherlock didn’t know if he was supposed to respond. The note made him feel strange, like he’d made a terrible error, but he couldn’t calculate how that might have happened. He went over everything in his head, but it didn’t add up
His naked fiancée was riding someone energetically, her hips jerking as she came, her back toward her lover, her eyes closed in ecstasy as her breasts bounced wildly. John could smell another alpha and the faint scent of suppressants that had long since worn off. He knew that smell.
“We know where we stand with one another,” Sherlock shrugged before continuing, “Even if you could put Alex out of your mind and move forward somehow, which I doubt, I could never be a part of your life, not for long.”
It was like an addiction now. John spent days browsing shops looking for a top to go with the skirt and all the rest. There were a million shops and he was losing track of which ones he wanted to back to visit again when he found it. It was sleeveless but otherwise looked a great deal like the white button-downs that Sherlock favoured. “It is particularly effective if the wearer has broader shoulders, and hangs artfully even if she’s not full-chested.” explained the clerk, “It emphasises the gracefulness of the bared arms and the fabric is deliberately cut to allow for more natural movement.”
“Same.” John was there to do a presentation as well, though he doubted he’d draw even half the crowd that Sherlock would. His discussion about effective report writing and field notes while on cases wasn’t going to be anywhere near as exciting as learning how to tease out solid information from the smallest of clues during an investigation. He looked at his unopened itinerary and checked. They were both slated to present on the same day, John in the morning, and Sherlock in the afternoon, both in the same large theatre. “I didn’t expect to see...”
Sherlock shook his head, “I allowed you to become vulnerable, and that vulnerability lead directly to where we are today, both of us shattered and nearly in ruins.” The omega pressed John’s hands between his, and looked at him imploringly, “I never meant to harm you and I never thought that the harms I took upon myself would linger so. I can offer you nothing at all but my continued selfishness because although I don’t deserve you a jot, I don’t want to let you go. There is no reason at all for you to want to stay with me.”
that many times and comes across as convincing.” Sherlock let out a short sigh, “John, no one expects anything from you.”
Sherlock felt his cheeks unaccountably heating. John had said as much many times before but tonight, it seemed extra difficult to restrain his natural reactions. “Thank you, John, but if one of us is mad, it’s you. You’re the lunatic that ran off to war on purpose and who decided to live with someone he didn’t even know, that he met in a morgue of all places, only a day after they were introduced. Absolutely everyone we know thinks I’m disturbed, yet here you are.”
. Sherlock looked around, but the streetlights were mostly useless, all the buildings mere insubstantial shadows, the streets, completely empty and devoid of both name or number to differentiate them.
“That’s not new news.” Sherlock smiled sadly, his heart gently aching for his beloved. There was no point lying to himself. Danny was marvellous, and Sherlock didn’t regret anything they’d done together.  Still, it was difficult to stand in front of his friend and admit that he had turned a page and was beginning a new chapter in his life, “John has to make his own decisions. Nothing I’ve done has compelled him so far. I won’t keep waiting for
“Try the tart. I rehydrated dried apples and baked them in filo brushed with honey. The topping is…” Whatever Sherlock had made the topping out was lost to John because he was crunching his way through the small decadent pocket of fruity goodness. “So?”
Sherlock raced off to John’s room, thundering up the stairs, nearly ripping the drawer out to ransack it until the clear bottle of personal lubricant was in his hand. Sherlock ran back downstairs, his hard cock bouncing ignominiously in front of him as he made his way back to John.
He couldn’t even respond to her musings. None of the omegas he’d ever known was weak-willed, if anything, they were determined, professional, tireless, and focussed. He didn’t want to argue the point right then. Instead, he went to the loo to get some privacy. As he cleaned his abraded knuckles, John couldn’t help but admit to himself that he’d reacted poorly. He’d begged the universe so many times to return Sherlock to him, and now that it had, what had he done? He’d struck his friend in anger instead of marvelling at the miracle of his return. He hadn’t even asked Sherlock any useful questions, like, where he had been, how had he managed it, why had he done it, and obviously, how had he managed to disguise his omega nature for so long? John didn’t know which hidden truth hurt him more; Sherlock faking his death, or Sherlock hiding his true self from him. Sherlock hadn’t trusted John with any of his secrets and John felt so completely adrift because of it.
“What?” The associate helpfully pulled out a colour chart that had a graduated spectrum of colours. John tried to recall exactly what shade of red the shoes were, and hesitantly pointed out to a spot, “That, maybe? There were ankle thingies too, like, to wrap around in a big bow?”
Sherlock tossed and turned in the darkness. It felt strange to be in bed alone, he kept expecting to feel or hear John beside him, but his master wasn’t there. After a long while, he fell into a fitful sleep once more, and ghost kisses were pressed to his cheek and brow yet again. Sherlock opened his eyes but there was only the dimness of John’s room and no one else. He closed his eyes and could hear noise from outside the room. It was a steady beat, but it was growing faster and less rhythmic. Sherlock opened his eyes and peered around. He was still alone in John’s room, the bedding soaked with sweat. He felt ill again and wondered if he should be going to the loo before he made a mess of the sheets.
Sherlock thought he could detect some resignation when he dared looking back at the doctor, and he just barely bit off a sound of disquiet. He didn’t really know how to respond, and chose instead to duck his head forward, then go more sedately into the kitchen to finish putting their meals on plates, collecting silverware, and preparing their tea. He could tell the mood was shifting back to the bad end of things, and maybe that is why he chose to use the heavy teacups with matching saucers, solid ceramic more than china, the embossing of frills around the edges being a bit more crudely designed than most of his pieces. There was a strength in them though, a solidness that he sorely needed, though in deference to John he brought out the older man’s food and drink first.
Scanning the front of the building, he didn’t head for the door. The lights were all off, except for the pink sign in the window, and one over the counter by the register. Beyond the midway point of the shop, he couldn’t see the interior, and he wasn’t going to just barge in without knowing the situation.
“Are you going to let me do this or not?” John smiled like Sherlock was silly, but also the most wonderful thing in the world.
It was sometime around eleven when Mycroft entered the room, accompanied by Trevor, who was in plain cotton pajamas with a matching sling to keep his range of movement limited. John said nothing, but looked at them both, expectantly. Trevor wore the faintest trace of a smile, probably meant to reassure the doctor, but having a limited effect and it was gone hardly before it began. With his good arm, he nudged Mycroft, who had been looking at his brother on the bed. Mycroft roused from some mental state he'd slipped into, and nodded that he was back to awareness, his eyes turning to focus on the doctor.
There’s no bell above the door or shop cameras to herald their arrival, but Mike keeps walking, his gait slowing like he feels he might be the bull in the china shop. He’s smoothing down his striped tie, the green, yellow, and red appearing like someone’s attempt at a Christmas trio, but it’s the wrong time of the year for them. Keeping his briefcase in check, he turns to the right where the wooden cases that double as a service counter are lined end-to-end all the way to the back of the shop. Once there, the briefcase is set on the countertop, and he sets the bottoms of each palm along the strip of metal that forms the case’s more solid structure. He doesn’t seem in a hurry, but he isn’t looking back to see where John is either.
"Just a bit of Epson salts, a dose of Alexandrian senna, some bruised ginger..." Musing to himself, he was still careful to make sure the measurements he added were more precise than the words as he whispered them with a somewhat jaded glee. Yes, Lord Blackwood was in for a rare surprise when he visited tomorrow, and Sherlock could not wait to see the results of his preferred type of labor.
Although that had both rested earlier in the day, the combination of a good meal, alcohol, and safe company in a warm pile had resulted in both men falling asleep halfway through the second film. It was Sherlock, however, that awoke first. The DVD was replaying the menu on loop, but he didn’t dare turn it off quite yet, because he cautiously turned his face around to be able to see John without awakening him.
Mike pats his stomach, a cheery smile on his face, “Yeah, I know. I got fat!” There’s no bitterness in comment, just stating the facts as he sees them, and obviously pleased to see John after so long. He’s pumping John’s hand with considerable enthusiasm.
The first thing out of John's mouth was a hot remark, so he shut it down, not wanting to bite off Mike's head. Not the other man's fault that he was in this mess, well, not exactly anyway. He apparently hadn't known Sherlock had a boyfriend, especially one he'd been with for this long. "Two years, that's how long they've been together. I doubt it's ended on account of me, of all people." He hated this, this thinking of himself as less, and went on. "At any rate, I made a date for next week. Sister of a patient Sarah had in last week. We'll see how that goes." He wouldn't look at Mike now, knowing it was a cowardly move, but he couldn't pine away for a young man almost half his age, either.
Just then, Mrs. Hudson cleared the landing, coming in with a sprightly verve, a wooden tray in her hands. It had a tea set of pale yellow with bees in flight from their hive, and plate of muffins, just as she’d promised. Sorting it out on the side of the kitchen table, she pushed backward what looked like a freezer bag with solid matter inside, the contents releasing a dark reddish brown liquid that sloshed with her rearranging. Peering at John quizzically, she pointed above stairs. “What do you think, then, Doctor Watson? There’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two bedrooms.”
The man’s hand was up, but he was across the street, and was interrupted by a group of officers to whom it appeared he was spouting something quite vehemently. His patience gone, over what, John could not know from this distance. Unable to tear his eyes away, and possibly hoping he’d have a chance to say something, John stood alone.
John doesn’t really know how to react to that, and tries to sound convincing as he reclaims his hand, “No.” His reply falls a bit flat, but he turns his eyes down to glance at the pavement, and Mike acts like nothing unusual is taking place.
A moment taken, and John smiles a little stiffly, “Yes, sorry, yes, Mike.” John offered his hand, although he wasn’t looking much more comfortable than he had before realizing who Mike was. “Hello, hi.”
“Yes, goodnight.” Sherlock had more or less whispered it, but made sure he was smiling encouragingly, just in case John did try to give him a final looking over. Picking up his own used items, he deposited them in the sink, listening to John’s progress as he did so. Once the doctor was up the stairs, Sherlock was all arms and legs splaying widely, scooping up the pillows and throws so that he might race down the hallway.
Sherlock’s expression shifted, still soft, but with more bravado and sureness. “Mm, yes. You should wear a blue button down, and black trousers with jacket. They’re bound to yield, you’ll have a job in no time…if you give them your Captain Watson, look.” His voice did fade there at the last, but he kept the eye contact he’d determinedly aimed at John, and was trying to ignore the harder thrum of his heart.
Christmas had come. Harry and Clara were splitting up, and John wasn’t surprised, but they had planned a party before the decision had been made and decided to carry on with it. Dressed in a frankly wretched beige and pea green jumper his sister had purchased him last year, John barely looked in the mirror. He was dressed with jeans and his boating shoes besides, his hair wasn’t sticking up, and his breath didn’t stink. That was enough for him.
"Well, it's not an issue now. You have Trevor, things will be out in the open or however you want to sort them out between you, but Sherlock is mine to look after." John seemed very sure of that, and shifted his weight, chin coming up as he defied to Mycroft to gainsay this announcement.
Normally, John didn’t add his initials to his texts, but he also wasn’t going to take the time to analyze why he’d chosen to do so this time. Reaching for his cane, keys, and wallet, and slipping the latter into his jacket pocket, he threw the garment over his arm. The flat locked up, he was determined to make up for lost time, and hurried as much as his ailing leg would allow.
His reply wasn’t immediate, but he eventually got there, his own voice lowering in a way that was more a deference than an issue of sharing confidences, as John’s had been. “Please. I’ll…I’ll be right…back?” Sideways edging got him off the sofa, and while he didn’t run exactly, he was definitely bolting for the bathroom down the hall.
“Afghanistan. How did you know?” Temporarily adrift, that’s what this is, and John is squaring his shoulders, matching the action with taking a wider stance. The cane is held with a death grip, but he isn’t offering any explanations of his own. At least, not on purpose. It’s not even close to just casually defensive.
This time, John doesn’t bother to hide the derision from his voice. “Come on – who’d want me for a flatmate?” He isn’t meeting Mike’s eyes this time, keeping them strategically forward on the turn just ahead. Old habits, he’s still accustomed to wanting to be in control, and the temporary forgetting of this that had led to his meeting up with Mike are again at the forefront of his mind.
It was only when he turned to start the kettle, that he saw John standing in the span between living and kitchen, arms folded and head tipped, a smile that even Sherlock could recognize as indication of fondness. For it was more than just appreciation, and Sherlock almost stalled out, seeing it directed at him. “I thought…the music, and your dinner, D…John.” There was the barest of winces as he said John’s name for the first time, fingers a little unsteady as he turned knobs and made final checks of the food, before collecting cups and saucers for their tea and dishes for their food. He didn’t try to make eye contact after that, and in fact was doing his best to avoid it.
What John would have said was cut short by the pounding of feet on the stairs outside the open door, and the sudden appearance of another young man in the room. He was tall, even more so than Sherlock, and a great deal more solid compared to Sherlock’s willowy frame. His strawberry blonde hair was cut to corporate standards, the eyes seeking Sherlock a shade of dense green, and they lit up when he found his target. Hastening in, he didn’t see John at first, and bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his hip as he sat down on the arm of the chair. It was plainly intentional, and done with enough force that Sherlock rocked sideways once, his eyes throwing a worried look to John as the other young man finally noticed the doctor seated across from Sherlock. “Oh, hello. You must be Dr. Watson.” Leaning forward, the blonde offered his hand, John shaking it with a nod.
“Blackwood?! Lord Blackwood?! But…but he’s an old man. He’s…he’s seventy, if he’s a day. You can’t be serious? No! No! I won’t do it. Do you hear me?!” Sherlock was vibrating now, and pacing in a short path that threatened the already somewhat threadbare Aubusson carpet laid over the overly polished hardwood. Fueled by the idea of this sort of abomination being put on him, he stalled on the worst of the worn patches, the red almost undefinable these days from the beige that made up the larger part of the pattern.
“Yes, I think I could be quite comfortable here.” John didn’t add “with you” into the words, but he was trying to get it into the inflection of his voice, lifting the edges of his lips to give the words a further measure of meaning. Pressing a hand against the chair of the arm then, John gained his feet, and gestured to the tea and muffins Mrs. Hudson had brought them. “If you’ll pour a cuppa for me, and put a couple of those muffins on a plate, I’ll just go inspect the room. I don’t have a lot to bring over, but I want to see if there is anything else I might need.” In a way, it was a method for getting nourishment, since his appetite was back. In a secondary way, it was a gauging of sorts, John interested to see what Sherlock would do with this direction.
"Problem?” The owner of the shop is arching a brow, but he genuinely doesn’t appear to be sure, and Mike is already walking outside, checking his own mobile as he stands in wait out on the sidewalk.
“Ah, Mike. There you are. I have a selection ready for you to look over.”  The first cup and saucer set in front of Mike is of another design that is simple elegance and unique, but barely makes a chink of sound when set together for the doctor to consider. “This one is actually from an upcoming company in New York. Mouth-blown borosilicate glass, it’s shatter-resistant and resistant to high heat. It is the same glass used in making beakers, test tubes and other chemistry equipment. This is the clear, with no color infused in the glass, but I also have it available infused in sapphire blue, currant red, daffodil yellow, viridian green, and a smoky quartz.” The voice is cultured, baritone, and the crisp statement makes it clear that the man speaking knows his product.
“I have told you, repeatedly. The doctor says it will not do. The family line must carry on, and I haven’t the heart to do it. Father's will was very clear about the requirements, and we can't let the line die out.” Mycroft did not sound bitter, though he must have been somewhere underneath all that feigned indifference. The Ice Man, so caught up in duty, leaving room for nothing else.
As he sat there, callouses on his fingertips playing lightly against the fabric, John is working through the next stage of their interaction in the way only a military man that was also a doctor, could. Important to delve further, understand Sherlock on a level where John could have them both understand what was acceptable to the other, yet be relaxed in one another’s company on a consistent basis. Perhaps it shouldn’t be as hard as it was, but John wasn’t always the jovial and laid back man that most people saw on the surface. He knew Sherlock had already deduced that, was likely encouraged by it, and was potentially hoping for more of John’s calm, yet clearly comprehensive, direction. Just the idea of that alone was sending a sharp buzz through his spine, sending a tingle into his arms and legs that had nothing to do with wartime injuries.
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he drew in some air, and although he wouldn’t meet John’s gaze, he nodded once the older man explained his stance on working. His fingers ceased their high-strung twisting, flattening to his thighs again, and he turned his head so at least that was directed John’s way. “Chem…chemistry. I’m finishing my graduate work.” Looking past John then, he was filling in information about the kitchen. “The small refrigerator. It has my experiments and samples. Mrs. Hudson…well…she thought it might be better if I didn’t have thumbs in the regular refrigerator.” Finally, the stormy shade of grey left Sherlock’s eyes, and they fixed on John, the defiance creeping in a marked contrast to what had been there before.
Sherlock didn’t say what he thought, and John lifted his chin an increment higher, focus pinging from each of Sherlock’s facial features to the way his hands fidgeted, and the obviously troubled tension keeping his shoulders taunt. Once he’d gathered what he needed, John continued his explanation. “Bills to pay, and well…a man needs a profession. Or, I do at any rate. Can’t just loiter around here, all day, every day.” Left shoulder raising into a shrug, he tried to probe a little further into the details of his flat mate’s life. “So, university then, for you. What are you studying?”
Another day, another pointless therapy appointment where he was forced to explain that nothing ever happens to him. Six months back in London, and two out of hospital, but John was no closer to losing the limp that was his unreliable companion as he made as much haste as possible from Ella’s office. The cane at his side was given a glare, but John pressed forward, determined not to let the throb win this round. So intent was he on this project, that people around him were more or less a blur, and kept going in a pointed rush, not noticing the man he walked past as someone he’d once known as a friend.
The absence was a tangle thing, and John held his breath in the increasing tightness of his chest, running his eyes along the various cluttered elements in the room with the determination of a man seeking something to keep from shutting down. If he kept his mind occupied after all, he wouldn’t have time to think about what had just happened, but despite all the unique items in the space with him, nothing was enough. “You’re a damn fool, John Watson.” The skull on the mantle peered back at him, eye sockets dark and teeth bared, not saying otherwise. John shook his head, and closed the door behind him, limping down the stairs to go take the tube back to the bedsit.
“How did you come into ownership of a tea shop, Sherlock? You don’t look like someone that was raised in the middle classes.” John had finished more than half his plate now, taken a few sips of his tea, and was watching Sherlock with eyes narrowed. His target stopped eating the forkful that had been about to make it onto Sherlock’s palate, the fork put down instead, and the younger man taking on a somewhat green tinge.
The water had finally reached its necessary temperature, and John was breaking apart the thin pieces to get them settled, but his brain was on a loop. Mike had clearly intended John to have an interest in Sherlock, but John had no clue how far that interest was meant to go. Again, John was thinking about how active Sherlock seemed to be, and it inevitably led to his eyes fixing on the cane hooked on the back of the only chair in the meager flat.
He shut the door, but practically bounced off the mattress as he threw everything else onto it with equal zeal. Getting his mobile off the bedside table, he brought up the contacts, hit the correct name, touched the number, and waited for the call to go through. It only rang once, before the voice on the other end of the line greeted him.
“Well, in that he is right at least.” Sherlock winced. It was a low thing to say, not his brother’s fault entirely that his heart wasn’t going to allow him the exertion necessary to find a bride, join with her, and then play at fatherhood on top of his other responsibilities with the House of Lords.
There was a paused, but then also a dramatic sigh on the other end of the line. “You will tire of him within the month, which means our arrangement would have been disrupted for nothing. No, no things will remain as they are. It’s for your own good, Sherlock. Goodbye, Brother Mine.” Mycroft rang off then, not even giving Sherlock the dignity of a chance at further rebuttal.
Pushing at what should be the drawer pull on his nightstand, and then sliding out a section of wood that from the exterior looked like just an inlay of ivory, a smaller drawer popped out on the side of the furniture. His nimble fingers extracted the tiny box of treasures that he kept hidden inside, the lid lifted, and the contents gently explored until he had drawing in hand.
“Who was the first?” John gets the question out, but barely a second before Mike is smiling pleasantly, and opening the door to a shop that John had almost gone straight past.
For behind him, Lord Sherrinford was droning on about family responsibility, and the crisis that awaited them if the young man did not perform his duty. It was nothing that Sherlock had not heard before, nothing he hadn’t expected, at least to the present point. It did not mean he continued to stand quietly as it was laid bare, again, did not mean he would simply give in this time.
It was because of that routine into which they’d somewhat comfortably settled, that John knew when something was wrong. He had been to work, and come back two hours ago, but there had still been no sign of Sherlock. Of course, it did occur to him that perhaps Victor and Sherlock were reunited, leaving him no real place in Sherlock’s schedule.
Wrapping his knuckles on the door, he made sure to keep any doubt out of his voice. “Sherlock, you’ve not done anything wrong. If you can hear me, I want you to know that.” He waited then, but heard no sound from the other side. Nor was the door opened or even unlocked. “I’m going upstairs for a spell. Probably take a short kip. When I’m done, we should have dinner.”
As he walked back into the living room, Sherlock was hanging his coat, and turned to look toward John cautiously. Rubbing his hands nervously over the sides of his suit, the first set of real clothing he had worn since being shot days before. It was his usual mode of dress, but right now it seemed not to fit him, at least emotionally.
After the disarray of the main room downstairs, John wasn’t too certain what he’d find in the bedroom on the upper level. The door was open, as was the window across from it, letting in a breeze and airing out the space. The drapes at the window were a light mocha in color, but a moment was all that passed before John realized they weren’t mimicking the dreadful beige of his bedsit. Walking across the dark mahogany hardwood of the floor, his fingers lightly touched on the Greek key design that formed the embroidered border in a darker shade, with a hint of red to work with the furniture that made up the space. It was a subtle touch, and as John looked around the rest of the room, he noticed that it was one of many.
More database checking, all of it in a rush, but with such skill John could only stand back and wait. Sherlock’s vitals had been taken in the ambulance, but the doctor that entered the room and ignored John entirely, nodded to the nurse that was also now assisting when she ran them a second time. Heart monitor, oxygen level, blood pressure, temperature, all the basics. Blood too, bags of it already in a small refrigeration unit disguised as a bookcase, had been drawn out and set up to replenish what had been list. The second of two bags now hung on the stand, running through the needle that was taped to stay constant into the veins on Sherlock’s arm. Something about those veins though, and it hit home to John an instant later, that they had seen more needles than ought to be true of someone as healthy as Sherlock normally, outwardly, appeared.
With Harry and Clara boarding, John had turned to go back through the airport to get a cab, standing alone on the stretch of pavement outside and raising his hand to hail one. One sped past him, already occupied, and that’s when he saw him again.
The cold was seeping into his bones, but there was a knock at the door. John went to answer it, his sister sweeping in, very inebriated. Clara had called twenty minutes later, but Harry was shaking her head, insisting without actually speaking for John to lie about her whereabouts. John didn’t. Harry exploded and left. John’s unfinished meal sat on the desk just across from his bed, and John fell asleep holding himself with his own hands, trying to keep his body and soul together.
If Mike notices, he’s still not communicating as such, and John speaks up after seeing the touch between the two younger people. “Is that it?”
“Hey, Mike. Yea, I’m…well…I’m just wondering if you knew where Sherlock was? He’s not replying to my texts.” John knew his own voice sounded tight, and he was curling his hand into a repeated fist as he waited just the few seconds for Mike to respond.
John’s mother had been something of a cup and saucer collector, with the usual array of dainty cups and saucers, images of roses, peonies, and sometimes the occasional tulip, hyacinth or lilac making it into her collection. They invariably had gilt edges or frothy scalloping, but John was always too wary to touch them, and his mother had a single, full tea set in silver plate from when she married John’s father. The sets before John now are more refined, all clean lines and subtle elements, an artful turn of handle here or single piping in one exotic shade, there.
“You told him about me?” Then too, John has had time to evaluate the situation, and wants more information from the man he’s at least known for a couple of decades, before he speaks further to the younger man.
The cab was too fast, however, and they pulled out into the traffic and sped off before anything else could come of it. John had watched until it disappeared, missing three potential rides of his own. Later, he recalled the license plate number, and put in a call to find out where the cab had taken its passenger. The company wasn’t able to provide the information to a complete stranger, so nothing came of it.
John had been at the airport, sending Harry and Clara off on a belated honeymoon. The placed was of course packed, as Heathrow always was. Weighted down with not just his cane, but also an overnight kit of Clara’s, she rescued it from him just in time. A child had run past, energetic and ready to board, knocking the case from John’s hand where he loosely grasped the worn plastic handle.
The smallest of nods from the young man in return, and Sherlock whispering, “I understand,” was enough for John to then do an about-face, and head for the stairs to reach his room. All in all, he was pleased with the result of the evening so far, and looking forward to the remainder of it. If there was that voice in the back of his head reminding him of Victor, well, it would have to be dealt with in his own way, but not right now.
“Sentiment, Sherlock. He’s something new, and it provides you with a means to alleviate boredom. It’s hardly worth mentioning, much less fixing what is not broken.” There was more steel in Mycroft’s tone now, a refusal in that supreme way of his, that none should doubt his correctness.
The clock had him arrested. Time. He didn’t have much of it. Tomorrow, Mycroft had said. His esteemed bridegroom was expected, and Sherlock would be sold off. For a foolish moment only, he did contemplate running away. He could pack a few things in his plainest valise, and spirit himself away on horseback. Sherlock was an adept rider, testimony to years of trying to escape other things Mycroft had attempted to make him do.
When they got to the shop, he paid the cabbie, but only just. He’d been about to run off before the man halted him, and he pulled out a wad of bills without counting them. It was foolish, and he didn’t wait for change. Colder now, only a few degrees, but enough that he could see his breath when he swore when the cab pulled off back into the flow of traffic.
Instant recognition, it was mutual. The young man was on his mobile, looking a bit distressed at whatever the person on the other end was telling him. It didn’t mean that he didn’t register John’s presence, however, and his spare hand lifted to touch at the window, mid-sentence.
“John! John Watson!” The man calling out hadn’t caught John’s attention yet, but he stood up from the bench on which he’d been sitting, and waited until John turned around. Brown hair, closely cut, glasses of three shades of brown, brown trench, brown briefcase. No real flash of recognition on John’s face, the fellow explained further, "Stamford. Mike Stamford. We were at Bart’s together.” His cheeks are a rosy pink, the unremarkable blue eyes full of good intent.
“I did accept. See, this is my hand, waiting.” Sherlock was like a leaf in the wind, but his hand pushing forward over and over to insist, was no consequence of the cold. When John didn’t put the ring on fast enough, “Please, John.”
When the door opened on its own, he curiously looked in from the offside kitchen, wondering who'd be arriving just now. The vision was there. Standing in Harry and Clara’s living room, and dressed in the tightest shirt John had ever seen. The teal color brought out the exact shade in the vision’s eye, the black suit cut trim as well accentuating his slender hips and gorgeous posterior. John’s mouth fell open.
Nothing to be done, not really, but his resolve remained. He’d fight. His brother. His husband. Whoever he had to fight, he would. It might be on foreign land, far from his childhood home, but he’d fight the man that was foolish enough to purchase the young man.
Mrs. Hudson tutted a bit as they arrived, explained she had stocked the fridge, and also ordered take away to delivered later in the evening. Beyond that, perhaps with the intuition of mother figure, she departed and did not say anything further. John did a quick check to take inventory of the fridge contents, and set about pouring out the tea she’d already had prepared in the kettle. It didn’t escape his notice that she had set out matching cups, not the expensive ones from the elaborate set, but a simple nice pair in black and blue. Sherlock might be appalled by the situation, but he had feeling that it wouldn’t be an issue.
Curly dark hair that should have given him a cherubic appearance, but everything else so elegantly sculpted that there could be no question he was young, but a grown man nonetheless. If anything, the most cupid thing about him was his lips, which pursed a time or two as his long and proficient fingers pulled and sorted at an arrangement on the end of the gifts table.
Sherlock was watching out the window again, nodding vaguely, trying to sort out his predicament now that he had sustenance and was reminded of someone being on his side. The tea went cold in the cup, and nothing more was eaten of the biscuits, but after he realized it and sat the cup and saucer down, he still had no solution. Mrs. Hudson sighed, but said no more, and exited the room to leave Sherlock to his dismal state.
We can meet another night, if tonight is inconvenient. As I told Mike, I am difficult, and I really didn’t want to share the flat with someone young, from university. -SH
“You will recall Lord Blackwood?” Mycroft arched one eyebrow, but did not get to go further with his explanation, because Sherlock let out a real shriek then.
Spotting John, the second American already had his hand upraised, and fired two shots. Victor went over with a groan, hand up toward his chest as far as John could tell from his post. Another shot ringing to also bring Sherlock down into a crumple on the floor, but it was clear enough that the American had taken a head shot, firing even as he began running for the front of the shop.
“Yes, I like the ones with suspense though, the ones I can try to solve before the actors.” His brow crinkling subtly, he did an offside glance to John, then turned away to open the top cabinet where a canister with packets of popcorn were stored. “Do want more tea or should I pour something else? I put more water in the kettle, but if you would like something else to go with the popcorn, I can do that. And do want salt and butter, just one or the other or maybe some caramel or I can make sweet, salty, spicy…I have honey and cayenne pepper, and some garlic…” He was rushing through his words again, and quit breathing at the end, pinning all the oxygen into his lungs.
“Christ, John. It’s not a rendezvous. You’re just going to look at a flat.” John had barely stomached dinner after their meeting or breakfast and lunch today, so he was forcing himself to make something in his pitiful excuse for a kitchenette as he waited for a reasonable time to leave for the appointment. He’d been dressed for it an hour already, having taken more care than usual in his shower and shave, and wincing a bit at the fact there was nothing much to be done with his hair. It was slightly too long for his military background, but not long enough to alter.
After storming from his brother’s library cum office, Sherlock had stalled out on the other side of the door. He felt less like a brood mare actually, and more a snared rabbit, his heart pounding in a way likely to result soon in his head doing the same. He wasn’t normally so quick to temper or ready to fight, and it was taking a toll. Truly mirroring the ghastly weather outdoors now, he let loose tears that he had just managed to avoid spilling in front of his brother.
“Yes. Yes, it’s me. But…but you…It's midnight.” John shook his head, torn between bemused and astonished. He’d assumed the vision worked for the florist shop.
“You won’t get away with it. My brother is already on the way, and the cameras will have taken all the footage we need to have you put away.” Sherlock’s voice, but it didn’t sound certain. He normally did, when here, in his domain. Maybe not with John, but that was a different story, and John didn’t have time to dwell on it right now.
John smiles a bit in disbelief, trying to ward off the quandary that has been reigning since he entered, and keeps a steady gaze on the posh man in front of him. "We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
Sherlock didn’t have a valet, an expense too much for someone that didn’t normally care about his state of dress, and the money had been the one that probably had resulted in Mrs. Hudson being allowed to stay on. She didn’t dress him of course, but she did tie the strings at his neck, and try to make sure his cravat and boots were at least somewhat presentable.
In the dim light, and in repose, the lines on John’s face were much lessened. Although Sherlock liked their presence normally, without anyone the wiser to see it happen, Sherlock almost let his fingers touch the locations that were smoothed out. Curling his touch away, his hand tucked up under his chin instead, but he let his own eyes roam over the prominent brows, heavily-lidded eyes, and upturned nose of his companion. Down further, the crease of lips and determined chin, then the wide shoulders and still muscular arms. John’s chest, with the rise and fall of steady breaths, not shaken by nightmares right now. What of his stomach was visible, not steel hard, but with a minor overlap that spoke of his age, time inactive since leaving the service, and tempting to Sherlock as resting place with which he might eventually be able to come into contact.
The ambulance team had to convince John to back off, albeit without much success, and it was oddly Victor that stayed awake long enough to see that matters unfolded as they did.
A series of new questions sprung to mind, but John wasn’t going to leave in order to ask them of Mycroft, and he didn’t even seek a chair until one of the staff assured him they’d done all they could right now, and he might as well rest. It was in fact only then that John became aware that he’d left his cane back at 221B, so focused on Sherlock’s possible need of him that he’d completely skipped over his potential need of it. Had he been a better state, it would have brought on a smile, if not an outright laugh. He knew he’d been on the floor, he’d even been on his knees, and all without assistance.
The sheets were of the deeper red shade too, the colors of the border now alternated so that the border design on them was the lighter one of the drapes. The bed had been outfitted with four pillows, matching cases crisp, and the duvet that stretched out over the remainder of the bed likewise sporting the key theme. The headboard of the bed slatted, a simple design with the foot board a lower version of the same, both with metal plates attached to the ends to display the matching key. The dresser sat alongside the wall to the right of the room, and he’d passed it on his way to the window, but gave it a moment or two of inspection and saw that the hardware was also composed of the squares from the fabrics and bed. It had six standard drawers, a small closet was situated between the end of it, and the corner of the room. Just large enough for a few suits, a fact that brought on a hardening of John’s features. He only saw it when he looked across to the wall opposite, where a square, full-length mirror reflected back his posture and closed features.
He’d been to his therapist earlier in the day, and she was still trying to encourage him toward writing a blog and maybe attempting a social life. John wasn’t willing to do either, not just yet. In the back of his mind, he kept seeing that vision.
