“Well.” John clears his throat. “Did you ever think that was going to happen?”
“It’s even
Victor pulls in a harsh breath, still not meeting John's eyes. "I asked him, if you weren’t available, if maybe he’d take a chance on me instead. So you see, John, I’ve always been second-best. And I just couldn’t, couldn't let him settle anymore. I was so ready to fall for him, be everything with him. I would have. But you had started these last weeks to walk around with that lovelorn face of yours...and I realized...If I really care for him, want him to be happy, I’ll give him a chance at what he really wants.
“Oh, you know. Something about a kid storming the school with a gun and threatening to shoot everybody in it,” Greg answered breezily, before raising an eyebrow at John.
Typically Sherlock was calm at this point before the first performance. But tonight he felt restless and agitated, enough to take it out on the innocent Molly.
“You’re right! Definitely the blue.” She shoves the shirt against John’s chest and claps her hands together. “Now get dressed! You only have five minutes to get back to Baker Street. It’ll be suspicious enough as it is that you had time to get dressed and have a haircut so quickly.” Irene shepherds Bill and Mike out of the room to give John some privacy.
* * *
When the film has started (something with lots of explosions that Sherlock insists John will like) Sherlock seats himself primly beside John, apparently still anxious from the conversation. John tugs him over to his side, and after a moment, Sherlock gradually melts into his touch.
“See you.”
I'm considering a sequel, because in the spring there'll have to be a musical... ;)
“He does,” Sherlock confirms.
“Baby, I’d make an exception for you.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows draw together, before the confused look on his face turns skeptical. It’s not the reaction John usually gets when he compliments someone fit. He’d rather have gotten a smile, or a blush, or any number of body language indicators of interest. This response was just…puzzling. Does Sherlock not realize that John is flirting with him? Or is he truly as guarded in his interpersonal relationships as Irene had implied?
“Yes.”
“Don’t you mock your old mother!” Mum scolds them. “I just want what’s best for you, John, darling. So when you’re hiding this relationship, and I hardly see you, I get worried. You’ve been working so hard with school and this new job, and now you’re asking your sister for legal advice?”
“Yep. Still brilliant. How about you then? Are you seeing anyone?” John’s face has reddened slightly. Interesting.
“Not at all. They were talking about you, actually. The words they used were, quote, ‘embarassingly besotted’ with me. What do you have to say to that?”
References from this chapter:
you a Wat-head, Sherlock?” asks Irene with a lethal smirk.
John scowls at Bill and Irene. “If they have to tell you, then I’m obviously not doing my job of wooing you properly.”
But ugh. Bill was right to question his sanity this morning: John has spent a total of five minutes in Sherlock’s presence. What it is exactly about the man that has him so compelled in such a short amount of time? He can’t put his finger on it. It wasn't a spell or a curse. It’s not just Sherlock's good looks, John thinks. He’s not
“Well at least we know he pays attention.” Sherlock smiled and sat down next to Hamish, gently rubbing his back.
"Daddy will take care of us!" Hamish promised. Greg chuckled.
" Sherlock's voice was tinged with jealousy as it echoed in Mycroft's mind. Sherlock could feel Mycroft's energy on John's body as he focused on his lover.
coming from the kitchen as they arrived downstairs was enough to make both of them stop with concern. Greg gave John an apologetic look before the two of them slowly opened the door to the chaos before them in the kitchen. There was flour
He looked at John with a look that seemed to plead,
"Sherlock, please!" John was almost sobbing with desire, his hips bucking down onto Sherlock's fingers as he stilled his movement. "I can't take it anymore, please!"
me even when the whole world conspired against you to tell you not to. You are and have always been the only one I can truly trust." He pressed their mouths together for a soft but passionate kiss before leaning his forehead against John's.
"Oh, but it might." Sherlock's tone was quite clear and John almost dropped the kettle on his foot. There was
John bore that look.
"I have kept distant as my heart was swayed by Moriarty's words, spoken while I was under his control. After Elizabeth's visit my memory became clearer, my mind recalling details I should have been happy to forget. He ensured me you would leave me, that you would find me wanting after being tainted by his touch. I wrongly came to believe that you only wished to be with me as we were bonded and not that you still wished to keep me for my heart." John idly traced circles on Sherlock's chest, happy to feel safe in his arms.
"It is simple, if you betray us I will kill you." He promised but he moved closer to him. "You want this?"
"No." Sherlock snapped.
"I will drink you and you will drink me..." He commanded in a feral voice and John's mind went fuzzy again. Fear flooded him but Sherlock was beyond reason and ignored it.
"She's far too good to us." John whispered, also blushing some. The blush changed however when Sherlock rounded on him and pushed him into the wall, leaning down and kissing him hard. "S-Sherlock?" John panted, the heat rising fast in his body. Every time Sherlock touched him like this is obliterated his thoughts. It didn't matter that they were married, Sherlock's passion was still intense and unexpected. It had been ages since they'd been able to do anything more than wank each other off in the shower, so both of them were tight with need.
"Yes and your beautiful son Hamish." She smiled broadly as Hamish sort of bowed from where he was eating his pancakes. She walked over and John gave her his vacated seat as he moved to take Sherlock's plate from him, sighing as he realized Sherlock had eaten about two mouthfuls of food. Sherlock just looked at him and shrugged.
"That was tremendously beautiful." He whispered as they broke apart.
"Mary, Sebby darling, take this animal out back and entertain yourselves." He ordered, turning on his heel.
"Sleep now little one," Mycroft whispered, caressing down John's back with his soft fluttering touches. "Sherlock will guard you now and I will return shortly. We will keep you safe."
"You didn't even notice I slipped this into your medical kit, did you?" He smirked as he reached in and pulled out a small bottle of lubricant. "So clever when observing what your son and I do, but not clever enough to see my plans." He set the bottle down next to John and without warning brought a harsh smack down across John's bare arse. "That's for lying to me." And another. "And that's for scolding me this morning." He growled, his coat fluttering to the ground behind him.
"Y-yes, please yes."
"Thank you for seeing me." Sherlock said quietly, looking at his hands.
"Oh well, to be honest the icing was Hamish's idea."
"You are, if you do not do everything in your power to protect
"Lestrade, likely saying something boring about us and our leaving Baker Street," He pouted.
"He is with your brother in the dining room, Lord Mycroft directs you to join them there." Sherlock's face tightened and he dressed hurriedly. He chose his best outfit, a deep purple jacket and white shirt over black trousers. He made his way as slowly as possible to the room to find Mycroft and John chatting in friendly tones.
"Stay back Sherlock." John snapped and kicked the man in the shin and watching he fell. John leapt after him, the gun falling to the side and the two tangled together for a tense moment: punches and kicks flying out before a crack of thunder and a flash of lightening illuminated the face of the man John was fighting. John let out a gasp of surprise and held the man roughly about the shoulders as he pulled them both up off the ground. "Jacob!" He shouted as the man lunged at him. "Es ist mir! Es ist mir, John!" John shouted and all three of them froze. Jacob gasped and stumbled back, his entire body going rigid and then softening. John and Jacob were both dumbfounded by the confrontation and Sherlock was stunned into silence at the German falling so easily from John's lips.
"I'm 'lright Sherlock." He mumbled. "Well 'sides the fire in my blood." His speech was slurred and it rather hurt to talk.
"You'd be surprised what a pout from one of the Holmes can get." Sherlock winked. Greg shook his head.
"I didn't protect you." The admission again, but this time it referred to much more.
“I am, as I have always been my love. I am your guardian, but I am just a normal vampire. I offer the world no fine skill as you do with your mind and skill. You are a gift unto this world, one it does not know it needs. You are the one who has foiled all his plans, who freed me under their noses, and still came home.” His hands tightened around the others’ back as if to keep the other safe by shielding him with his own body.
"My little John," Sherlock smiled softly, leaning closer to John so their foreheads touched. "While I cannot say I am comfortable with the way that so many have had an interest in your heart, your love, and your bed - I can say that you are mine. If you also hold love for my brother than I shall endeavor to accept it." He pressed gentle kisses to John's mouth, which John eagerly returned.
The knowledge of what his fledgling was feeling burned like a hot coal in Mycroft’s heart, but he could not bring himself to approach the Mender and force him to speak. His pride and his brother’s ire staying his hand. Instead, he contented himself to watch the Mender’s every move, which shifted after the meeting with Gregory. Sherlock and the Mender were rarely apart as the Coven continued in their journey. John showed less of his concern and was able to start warming back up to the others around him as they spent time in France and then began the trip to Germany.
I am SO SO SO sorry this chapter has taken so long! Life decided it was more important. Stupid life, who gave you permission! School and work have been crazy but hopefully things will be a bit calmer for awhile (and Spring Break is just around the corner!). I am hoping to have the next chapter out within a week (it's written in my head just have to get it down on paper).
" Sherlock's voice was ragged but soothing. "
“I am sure I have you and Anthea to thank for that.” John’s voice was hollow, a quality it had carried since the incident with Sherlock’s arrival. Mycroft frowned again and tried to strike up a conversation.
"No you do not. You are only interested in having him as yours for the sake of owning him! I love him!"
"He is your mate, Sherlock. You have been deathly afraid of someone claiming him from you, so I am ensuring that doesn't happen. It is not my concern that your mate has lied to you. You should address that with him."
"When I first found out my history. He wrote to my Grandmother. She refused." John felt himself slip back to normal as Mycroft looked away and he shuddered.
"Going out dear?"
"Well that's..."
"We'll keep an eye on the detective for a bit." Greg teased and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"We both know John has suffered a tremendous insult to his person, brother mine. He may not be ready for anything more than his own company. We know Anthea has suffered such as well so she has experience where we do not. Do you not approve of their bond?" Mycroft's voice was soft, comforting, as he continued to rest close to Sherlock. His eyes taking in every minute detail about his brother's body language.
"And?" John demanded.
"I'm surprised you came back at all." John's hurt broke free of his control, the words cutting Sherlock. They broke eye contact, John flushing with shame and Sherlock looking away as if trying to decide what to do. John moved to apologize but Sherlock shook his head, forcing the tea into John's hands.
"It should have been obvious to me that you were my Captain. Always writing down our adventures for
John was shivering as he lay on the bed. Meaghan had removed the silver for the moment, allowing him some peace to rest, yet his strength was still too low to properly escape. He was tormented by the thought of Sherlock not knowing his heart and yet the thought of leaving without taking his beloved with him was a knife he could not bear. As his thoughts raced he became so focused on his internal ramblings that he did not hear Sherlock’s entrance, in fact he knew nothing of his company until Sherlock was suddenly over him. John’s breath caught in his chest as he met Sherlock’s eyes, the possessiveness sparkling in them sending a shiver through his weakened body.
“John? Is everything…” Sherlock’s voice echoed down the walk from the house and his aura whipped up into a fury as he saw the scene in front of him. He watched as Sebastian stepped back from John and moved to his husband’s side, squeezing his shoulder possessively. “Oh, good evening Lord Moran, I see you finally found a way to speak with
"So you have? I thought..." Now John was fumbling.
John froze just outside the door as he looked up and around the street outside 221. There wasn't a reporter to be seen. The silence of the sudden lack of journalistic shouting made the entire scene seem eerie and unsettling. John's confusion caused him to stop right in the middle of the sidewalk and Sherlock almost ran smack into him, putting his arm up to brace himself.
"Oh sod off." John laughed and made them both some tea. "I can't believe you let him watch that crap."
Sherlock was enjoying the sounds his lover was making, his own contented purr spilling free as his gaze began focusing more on his brother. His entire being becoming enraptured by watching his brother's lean body as it moved in response to John's, how he shivered with desire, and how his eyes looked like they could devour the mender whole. A powerful burst of arousal swept through his chest, forcing him to moan softly as he conceded how much he enjoyed watching their mouths moving together. He moaned again wondering what his brother's lips felt like, what his mouth tasted like, what he
“And dangerous?” John’s question was soft but his eyes burned into Sherlock’s.
"Elizabeth, please." He whispered, trying to feel her wrist so he could find the strength of the blood pumping in her body. Doing everything he could to try to solve what was hurting her so he could help her.
“I… What?” John forced out, his brain stuttering under the force of his loves passion.
All day Sherlock tossed and turned, his mind haunted by flashes of memory and snippets of conversation. He was utterly plagued by it and when he woke he shouted in surprise, finding James sitting beside him on the bed. James laughed lowly, his eyes dark as he surveyed his husband.
“Then do so. Though if you are gone more than a fortnight again I shall come inside and find you.” He smiled, simply following the flow of his mate’s attitude.
It took some time for the brother's to recover enough of their faculties to remove the bonds from John and even longer for them to finally break him down enough to see him sink to sleep. Both of the brothers were exhausted, but they lay with John comfortably sandwiched between them and gazed at each other in silence before Mycroft lifted a hand to brush an errant curl away from Sherlock's cheek, allowing the caress to linger.
"This entire ordeal has been madness Sherlock. I hope that it proves to you that…"
"It rather pains me to admit it but think we'd be lost without your brother." John said smirking as Sherlock tensed. He gave John a very Mycroft like stare and John chuckled softly.
"It's a lovely affair." John whispered to his cousin as they danced, her hands nervously smoothing his collar.
"You told me during our first meeting; you know the one with the security cameras, the black car with tinted windows, and the abandoned warehouse; that you worry about your brother 'constantly.' A fact that you have been very keen to try and convince the both of us of every time we have crossed paths since then. If that is true then you should already know what this is doing to him. What this whole situation will do to him, if
“Indeed the Detective Inspector told me about the return of our enemies, yes. Though I did have previous knowledge that Lord Moran was in the vicinity.” John’s face tightened, his eyes darkening. Sherlock growled.  “Calm yourself, there was no reason to alert you to his presence and besides our Mender has known of his presence for some time.” He said dismissively, looking as if he were bored by the conversation.
“I made you some tea. I thought you might need after the trip and for unpacking.” She smiled as she fussed about the kitchen setting it down. “Oh!” She gushed suddenly as John reached up and scratched his nose. “When did that happen?” She asked happily and grabbed John’s hand to look over the ring.
"You've been at this for about three hours, you should probably... What?" John's confusion grew more, realizing that Sherlock had fixed him with a deeply meaningful stare.
"So are you two dashing off again?" Greg asked softly and Hamish, now in Sherlock's lap - tightened his grip on his shirt.
"Anyway, we can take Hamish to the dentist since if he has a cavity it’s all My’s fault anyway.” Greg said walking over and setting Hamish down so he could sit at the table. Mycroft's jaw tensed.
"Git." John spoke but didn't move.
"I'm going to own you thoroughly when I'm done with you." Sherlock whispered as he moved. He kicked off his shoes and pulled of his socks before crawling up in the bed. He moved so he was partially straddled over John one knee on each side of his left leg. He loomed over him, clearly taking a dominant position and a possessive sparkle in his eyes. He leaned down and claimed John's mouth in a passionate kiss before growling slightly just beside his ear. "You're mine John Watson." John groaned as Sherlock's mouth made contact with the sensitive spot where his shoulder and neck met. He wanted to grab Sherlock and hold him down, to fight with him for control but he knew with his arm he couldn't.
"It is pleasant to see you, Lord Moran. To what do we owe the pleasure of your visit?" John asked and bowed softly. Sebastian coughed gently, perhaps blushing. Sherlock's features tightened as John motioned for Sebastian to take a seat and took one himself.
"I've been..." A tongue click. "About a month." He sighed.
"Obviously." Sherlock pushed himself up, feeling the room spin only slightly. A quick inventory of himself told him all he needed to know. His forehead was bruised, slightly sprain to his left wrist, but no permanent damage. He picked up his phone and his heart did a flip.
"I'm lucky he didn't give up on me." He said it dismissively, his attention focusing on the window. He wanted to get out of this sparse hospital and back home. Real home, not the Pendergrass estate but he was aware that was unlikely to happen.
"When Lady Pendergrass releases me." He laughed. "Like I said she sent a special request to the Yard for me to come out here said it was a special investigation. I think she got Mycroft's office to help her, but what can I do but follow orders?" Mycroft simply smirked.
“What is it?” Sherlock’s own frown deepened, John met his eyes and rage was clear on his body.
"I'm sorry." Hamish repeated. "Aunt Molly, we were just playing." He forced the words out.
. She smiled knowingly but there was sadness in her eyes.
"You really are an angel." Sherlock whispered, blushing slightly as his words faltered. "How can you even think to spare her life when you could turn your back and no one would fault you for it?" He stepped closer to him, reaching up to put his hand on his cheek.
Inside the manor Sebastian Moran the elder was grinning predatorily at the sandy haired, beaten and broken vampire currently bent over the main dining room table. Other members of Sebastian’s coven were trying their best to ignore the suffering of the mender, their hearts aching for someone so dear to so many of them, but knowing they could not defy their leader. John could barely grip the table, the silver cuffs around his wrists and his neck forcing what little strength he had left to be restrained. He’d lost track of the days, weeks, and months that he’d been weathering whatever sick torture Sebastian dreamed up. His body used and broken in so many ways that he’d begun to give up, to lose hope that he would ever be happy again. He screamed as Sebastian rammed his erection inside his body with no preparation, forcing himself into silence as Sebastian whispered to him about how he would always belong to the older vampire and how he was his pet to be used. Sebastian used him, quickly and without concern for his feeling, until he found his own completion. He then stepped back, adjusting his clothing as if nothing happened and watched as the mender collapsed to the floor – blood and seed dripping from his abused body. Sebastian laughed darkly, kicking John hard in the ribs and laughing more when he cried out in pain, before looking up as a knock sounded on the door.
"You two must get up now." Anthea said softly, grinning as she did. "And clean up. John's family is on their way to us and Mycroft demands you dress him to showcase his new nobility."
“He has been moved.” Meaghan said softly. “You cannot know where he is, you are just as susceptible as others to the blood wine. We are beginning today.”
“I do not understand…” Sherlock said quietly, furrowing his brow and swaying.
"Yes." He looked down. “About a seven out of ten,” He added, feeling he might as well be honest.
"I love you," John whispered as Sherlock pressed into him, cuddling him close.
“You two…” Greg shook his head, "Are still bloody amazing."
?" Mycroft's face tightened in confusion.
Sherlock flinched towards his pocket and John knew he was intending to withdraw that black case. He wanted desperately to run over, snatch the case and wrench it open. He wanted to childishly reveal the secret it contained.
"He is my bond mate, Mycroft! You cannot simply revoke that!" Sherlock shouted, Mycroft growled and seemed to teleport from his place beside John right back against Sherlock's chest. Their eyes burned daggers at each other as they squared off, the potential for physical violence very real.
"What?"
Just before dark descended on the estate Mycroft came to retrieve Sherlock for the party. Sherlock gave John many reassurances that he would be back soon, kissing both him and Hamish many times before he left. Georgina was happy to have the two Holmes men there at the party and insisted she take them around. They were introduced to many people, several of whom were wearing various forms of the snake necklace. Just before ten o'clock Sherlock got a strange feeling that something was not right and he began to get very anxious. Mycroft however was charming information out of one of the older men who were members of the Order.
- The instep of Sherlock's right shoe had a small clump of dark black soil clinging to it but the minute amount there meant most of the rest had been washed off -
"More!" Sherlock demanded, arching his back off the bed.
"Of course, love." Sherlock promised.
"You beautiful man." Was the only reply.
“My father will bring him to you after darkfall. Do not fear for John’s life. My father assured me his wish was to return John to you Lord Holmes.”
" Sherlock said it earnestly as John began to stir slightly.
"John?" He asked softly.
“Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, the truth.” He mumbled. He furrowed his brow and opened the book. As he began to read the words consumed him. In each of these tomes John had written the whole of their story. Memory after memory played out before his mind's eye as he read. He became so engrossed he lost track of time and it was not until he finished the very last page of the very last tome that he stopped.
Sherlock bit his lip, opened his mouth as if to speak, hesitated, then tried again.
Just as he stuck one long forefinger against the rim of John's puckered hole, John arched his back.
"I am not, I repeat i am NOT, going to play bloody operation with you Sherlock".
John gasped as Sherlock ran his hands down to cup John's bollocks, then teasingly ran his fingers around and underneath them, pressing firmly on his perineum before traveling lower.
Sherlock hid his smile and brought the cup of tea to his lips, took one last sip, and while the last of the warm tea was still in his mouth, he slid John's cock right between his lips into the liquid warmth. John sat forward, dropped his own cup of tea over the side of the chair (he forgot he was holding it, Jesus! how could he forget he was holding it!?) and plunged both hands into the Sherlock's soft curls. Sherlocked groaned deep in throat and increased suction as best he could while a mixture of tea and spit dribbled out the corners of his mouth. He had to forcibly hold John's thighs down which only seemed to spur John on to thrust harder. That in turn ratcheted up Sherlock's arousal. A fresh burst of bitter precome washed across his tongue and he instinctively swallowed. John moaned and grasped Sherlock's head just a bit harder.
"FUCK! Gonna..Sher..."
Dr. John Watson, John Watson. His John. Laughed in between open mouthed kisses against Sherlock's flushed prick and said,
John, always one to obey a direct order, did so. He was hard, but Sherlock managed to hook his fingers in the waistband of his joggers to pull them down and off completely without any unnecessary awkwardness. John's slightly larger than average prick bobbed and then stood proudly. Sherlock was transfixed. For a moment he forgot what the original goal was. He was too caught up in the musky smell of John. The aesthetically pleasing look of the crown. The...
He leaned forward, and with his lips just barely touching the shell of John's ear growled throatily "Fancy a cuppa?"
For a moment John was lost. He knew he stood on the razor's edge of something. He could sense the change in the air. Again, he licked his lips, nervous habit that. He wasn't a consulting detective but he wasn't as stupid as Sherlock often shouted that he was. Sherlock's changeling eyes may have been shrouded in the lengthening shadows of the flat, but John could see the blood that caused his carotid to pulse. Increased blood flow then. Was he turned on? Those already lush lips appeared to plump right before his eyes. A quick glance down (which John would later deny he made) showed that the beginning stages of full on arousal had started to ruin the line of Sherlock's pajama bottoms. That was last bit to knock John off the edge.
His blood thrummed in his veins. His breathing became only slightly heavy.
"Bollocks!"
Sherlock sat forward very precisely, never once breaking eye contact with the man across from him. John's breath stuttered and he licked his lips.
"Thank you" he said, eyes still closed, "This is brilliant". It was always good form to praise Sherlock when he did something thoughtful.
He took another long pull of tea, and once again let the liquid warmth fill up his mouth. John cocked his head. His brain was screaming at him that
"Do you accept?"
As was the usual modus operandi for evenings in the flat on Baker Street when a case was not on, Sherlock Holmes was in repose on the couch, fingers steepled prayer like underneath his chin, and eyes closed as if in sleep. His brain raced on at a million miles and hour as it cataloged the sounds and smells of the flat. John Watson had just come home from another tedious shift from the clinic. Faint traces of bile and blood (2 separate patients, a child and one elderly gentleman) wafted around him as he walked through the door, a sigh of exhaustion (didn't sleep well night before, despite date with Carolyn? Christina? ending prematurely) disturbed the silence of the living room as he bypassed the kitchen, and in it the lifeblood of British society-the tea kettle, and proceeded straight away to his room upstairs to strip and wash the day off.
"Oh God!" he groaned. "You won the bet!"
Sherlock and John find themselves in Edinburgh playing tourist.
John closed his eyes, breathed in and exhaled slowly. He repeated that twice more. Sherlock smirked. John wasn't truly angry. This whole scenario was old hat by now. Also, that jumper actually
Sherlock sucked and hummed until the last twitch of John's prick subsided, and right before pleasure turned into discomfort from sensitivity. Gently he let John's softening cock slip from his mouth, and Sherlock gingerly sat back on his heels. His own aching erection making itself angrily known and throbbing from neglect.
"Patience is a virtue, John. All good things to those wait"
John dropped the pitiful remains of the gift from his last (now ex) girlfriend on to the coffee table and went to sit down heavily in his chair, exhaustion from the day catching up with him after the wave of anger ebbed away. He placed a hand over his face and rubbed at his eyes before dragging it down over his nose and mouth. He was just so bloody tired as it was. The ruined jumper was just the icing on this shite of a day.
“We’ve been doing research.  The lab has been closed for some time.  Its timeline mirrors the Initiative, although it was much, much smaller.  And there have been rather pressing events occurring that needed to be handled.”  Mycroft  knew he did not need to remind any Briton about what was going on in Europe, let alone across the pond.
“Got you,” crooned John Watson to his little girl, Miranda, as she leaned her blonde head against his coat and hiccupped.
John Watson appeared in the kitchen doorway drying his hands on a tea towel.  “I expect she likes whatever Siger plays with.  Miri too.”
Over the monitor John heard his spouse snicker.  Then, “What did you learn from the way that Daddy behaved tonight?”
“It really is hopeless, Siger, because we will both get sick.  But by then your Daddy will be back on his feet,” Pere explained, “But we do need to try not to get sick in any case.”
“Presents.”  It was said short and sweet.
The Crown of Flowers was a thing of beauty.  It was gold, and enamel, and coloured gemstones and clear faceted stones that broke the light into rainbows.  The fascination was not just for the monetary worth, the sheer volume of precious metal and stones, but also for the craftsmanship of the crown.  The Flower Crown was the most fascinating piece of jewelry that Miranda had ever seen, formed to look as though woven from living, breathing flowers.  Technically it was not a crown, but a chaplet.  The striking circlet of flowers rose to a triangular bit in the front, with a small flourish in the back to mark how the piece should be worn.  The sketches filled her book, begun at the start of the show three months ago.  She was not the only artist captivated.
asked interestedly.
The edges of the bolt cutter must have been sharp, as there was practically no noise from them shearing through the padlock.  The jangle of chain came through, and then the  doors opened and the greyish light of evening flooded through.
“Well, Siger,” the tone was cheery enough, but her truly awful teeth distracted the young Holmes from what she was saying.  They weren’t ogre’s teeth, by any stretch of the imagination, but they had not been shown care in the woman’s forty odd years of life.  “Have you thought much about our discussion last week?  About your future?”
Siger looked startled.  “Then why does Uncle Mycroft not eat the sweets when we have tea?”
“They’re grey, aren’t they?” That was from Siger.
John was meant to be searching for someone to take over Bert’s duties, but they just hadn’t seriously started looking.  So Bert still had his room in the back of the office at Baker Street, and once in a while he babysat to make up for the rent he was not paying.
A groan, then, “This is not your usual ‘let’s wake Sherlock up for some coital engagement’.  This is your ‘I’ve got you, Holmes, and you can’t get away until we discuss this taboo subject’.  It’s obvious, John.”
Siger continued with his lecture, “Now we must not cry.  It would hurt
The toddler examined the outfit seriously.  Bringing the skirt to her cheek she smiled at the thick fabric.  “Soft,” she signed.
His Daddy stopped to give him a look.  “Look for them, Siger. You know where they’re supposed to be.”
John also thought he heard Ross growl at him.  He sat back on his heels and looked at the two miscreants on the couch.  “Well,” he said in as controlled a voice as he was able,”This is what we’re going to do, yeah?  First, I’d like for your father to take a photograph of your faces.  Like we do for when he does his disguises.  Okay?”
Christmas was coming!
“It’s just,” Sherlock Holmes reached for notebooks he kept on top of the fridge, “John, look at these notes.”  The pages were spread open.  “Miranda and Rosalind are all over the map as far as benchmarks are concerned.  Not at the steadily increasing rate that Siger grew.  I’ve noticed it, and been meaning to speak to you about it.  At least Miranda is moving, even if she’s crawling about like an inchworm.  I was expecting them to be crawling backward, as Siger did at this point.  Miranda is making sounds a little more quickly than Siger had done.  Rosalind isn’t even moving, except to roll about.  And she’s not making any of the pre-verbal sounds that Miranda is.  She refuses to sign.”
“No, I don’t want to discuss anything to do with my brother while we’re in bed together,” Sherlock told him.
“A siege?  We’re not talking about roving gangs in the streets, Sherlock.  We’ll have to follow fairly strict hygiene protocols, but if we’re staying in London, we can’t shut ourselves up here in the flat.  You’d go insane!”  John said pointedly.  Then, “And you’d take me with you.  For the fun of it!”
“Hot chocolate, please,” Sherlock repeated without his usual grumble about repetition.
Climbing onto the sill he lifted the heavy wooden sash and rolled the ladder down the side of the building.  Rosalind first, then Miranda, his sisters carefully set their feet on the wooden rungs and began to climb down - just as they’d practiced.
Their small family were  on their way to Primrose Hill in Regent’s Park to watch the sun set.  As they walked, John's gloved hand holding Siger’s mittened one, and Sherlock pushing the pram, the shorter man gave his partner a sidewise glance.  “Siger says you told him about the solstice last summer.”
Giving up on the blog, John went back to a saved search from the local public library.  A lengthy list of titles available appeared: adult as well as children’s tales, fiction and legend.  He’d cut out the nonfiction, craft, and activities materials.
and his Daddy asked him about his afternoon with Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Lestrade, Siger dug the tie out from the pile of boxes.  “This,” the boy said urgently, holding it up to show his fathers, “is the colour of the tie we need to get Uncle Mycroft for Christmas!”
does not like fun socks,” Siger said thoughtfully.
“Nah.  I’m watching you instead.  It’s rewarding,” Greg grinned.
Anthony thought the money he so desired came from investment.  To be fair, Dear Jim had set her up with good steady strategies, and a stolid, careful investment manager – completely separated from any of Dear Jim’s illegal business practices.  Everything above board.  She’d enough after his murder to live on – extravagantly even – for the rest of her life.  Tedious.  There was no exhilaration in playing the society life, no matter what Adler might think.
Informing Alice Brown that they were on lockdown, and that she was to start the recorder when she answered the phone from now until he told her not to, Sherlock swept out of the office and up the stairs to 221B.  “Albert,” he shouted, only to stop short to prevent falling over the
Siger’s Daddy opened his eyes and blinked up at
“Why haven’t you put your shoes on?” John Watson asked as he put in an extra emergency teething ring - they had not needed one yet for the girls, but you never knew when that might start.  Also, Sherlock had insisted.  Sherlock insisted on a lot of things for the babies that John did not believe they needed.  But if they had packed one for Siger, they were packing them for Ross and Miri.
“Cake,” Sherlock offered.
“Nope,” Siger popped the ‘p’, very pleased with himself, “‘cause there will be breakfast first, right Daddy?”
London had not changed.  Buildings might have, and shops.  But the people were all the same.  If fewer of Jim Moriarty’s old network were around, Cuddles could still find someone who would help for money.  Or fear.  First he found a mid-priced hotel.  Jim Moriarty had always been specific.  No one was to live on the streets.  There were eyes under the bridges, and in the tunnels.  Nosy eyes, that tattled to the wrong ears.
“And then,” Siger went on, “there was the angel who told Joseph to ‘fear not’.  And the shepherds on the hill at night.”
“Okay, Père.”  Siger went back to his magnetic creation.
Finding a nook out of the way of traffic John put the grocery sacks down, and gathered his children into his arms.  “Do you your best to learn the skill, but be very careful of using it for the wrong reason.”
That sounds about right, John said contentedly.
.  “Sherlock,” he said slowly, “I think I may be coming down with something.”
He opened the black wooden front door - brass knocker comfortably askew - arms laden with groceries, to find his son, Siger, sitting on the carpeted middle step leading up to their flat.  Siger’s head, down on his knees, looked somewhat like a blooming red flower above his skinny trousered legs.  “Are you,” John started before he heard the violin start in the rooms above.  It was discordant.  It was disturbing.  “What’s up with
By the shine of the fairy lights they’d hung last night, John Watson studied the sheet of hieroglyphics Siger handed him to check.  The sigh that heaved out of his body prompted a concerned look from Siger.  “It’s okay, Daddy, I can ask
Bert liked how Mrs. Hudson read the basic biscuit recipe out loud to Siger, before they set out the ingredients.  Measuring, and adding and mixing, the boy and the woman who was the closest he had to a grandmother put together a stiff biscuit dough before Mrs. Hudson floured up her hands and the rolling pin to roll out the dough to a quarter inch thickness on the floury counter.
“So, where does your mother live, then?” John asked him.
“Each time you say that,” John said, turning to face his partner, “it ups the bar on mad things we’ve done.”  It was not exactly a grumble.
A row of poetry books, entirely in French, showed up to the left.  This was the library of children’s works.  His forensics collection and other adult books were housed in a much larger facility.
Such an important and tactile part of any relationship.
Siger croaked, “Sick,” because he could not sign with Daddy wrapping him up like this.
Mycroft Holmes ignored his brother’s sweeping entrance, flaring black wool overcoat and all, as he finished a call he had not wanted to take in the first place.  “Yes, ambassador, I do understand the seriousness of the situation.  No, that is not something that I am free to discuss with you.  There are other channels for those requests.  It is out of my hands.  Thank you for understanding.  Now, my apologies, but I have another appointment.”
“Unnecessary,” Sherlock said and took the rest in another swig before flopping onto the couch with John.  Or rather into John’s arms.  Long legs dangled over the arm, but his head fit quite comfortably against his blogger’s shoulder.  John’s right arm held him close, while the left endeavored to bring the slopping alcohol to John’s lips.
Mycroft Holmes did not get offended when Gregory Lestrade laughed, even when it was at this minor member of the British Government.  Mycroft reveled in that joy.  And sometimes he released his control enough for a smile, or a small laugh himself.
“Well, it’s not like we meant to lie,” Ross started.  She didn’t get further than that before her tall, detective father was standing before her pointing a long accusatory finger down at her with a face like a thundercloud.
There is only one fall.  The Fall.
Cuddles belonged to Jim Moriarty.  Body and soul.  If he had a soul.  Cuddles was not given overmuch to religious reflection.  Cuddles was not given to much thought at all.  Why bother, when he had others to do his thinking for him? At six foot five, with a shaven scalp highlighting white scars against the sunburn red of his skin, Cuddles was not a man to have the ladies tip him a wink.  Most people would not meet his eyes.  He liked it that way.
Bugger all.  Now there were two hostages to fortune.
Still going past me in the street.
John grimaced, “That’s just it.  There was nothing.  No hint.  And now rumors are starting to come out from behind the bamboo firewall.”
He and their son listened to John Watson make his way down the stairs to the sitting room.  Sherlock was remembering his partner traveling to the flat for the first time with that psychosomatic limp.  Siger was enjoying bedtime.  He loved the time when his fathers read to him, or told him quiet stories by the glow of the night light, when Miri and Ross were both asleep.
“We have a schedule?” John asked from where he paid the cab driver.
Pulling the sheet from the object revealed a tall chair.  It was not quite like a  barber’s chair, and John had no idea where it had come from.  Sherlock pulled a set of lights over to focus on the seat, and said, “I will need a volunteer.”
The day after the date. John's animagus form makes an appearance at last!
Sherlock’s young, peaceful face streaked with tears makes something in John go soft, then sharp with rage. He carefully slithers out of Sherlock’s loose embrace, and sets out.
“Well…I usually take some time off after a tour. It’s in all my contracts.”
“That’s funny,” John says with false surprise. “Because I think I see something yellow behind your ear.” John once saw this done in a film, and Mike had explained that Muggles performed this trick without real magic all the time.
But how can John ignore the thrill that went through him when his eyes locked on Sherlock? It was like a flame licking down his spine. Like a spark of magic flashing behind his eyes. Doesn’t that have to mean something?
Sherlock’s sharp green eyes fix on John’s instantly. John feels his mouth go dry. An unexpected wave of panic and fear clenches in his gut.
had said the name of the Scottish Play on stage, I’d probably’ve been tossed out of the production altogether.”
“Oh,” the dancer says.
“Witness protection.”
, without telling me. As if, to James, our relationship was just about spiting his dad, about shocking him, about
He finds Sherlock on the ground next to his car, curled up in a ball and in the midst of a panic attack. He’s trembling, taking in enormous breaths and seeming not to exhale at all. John shifts into soon to be doctor-mode, and crouches in front of his friend.
John had dodged every single time, claiming ignorance and confusion. Approximately ten suspicious incidents over the course of a month wasn’t
John glances at Sherlock’s corner every few moments for the next hour to check that he’s still there, until Irene gets sick of him.
,” between kisses, because that’s what’s been inside of him trying to get out for ages now. Maybe since their first day together.
John shrugs, but his tongue darts out to lick his lip nervously. “If you’ll have me.”
John laughs, his turn to be the incredulous one. “Even Muggles know that. Didn’t you take astronomy in school?”
Sherlock shrugs, eyes clear and unbothered by John’s mortification.
“It’s a beginner’s mistake,” Sherlock rumbles, eyeing Victor curiously.
There’s something solid stuck in his throat. “I’m so confused, Molls.”
“Couldn’t you just give me detention, sir?” Sherlock drawls. Cleaning chalkboards and Erlenmeyer flasks would be far preferable to a series of surely mortifying encounters with the object of his lust. Besides, it’s unlikely that John would accept Sherlock’s help at all. Sherlock is two years younger than everyone else in their year. John
“It’s okay to be nervous. You’ve danced in front of people before, yeah?”
“Whatever you say, mate.”
October 6, 2001
“Oof!” Sherlock sways towards John, clutching at his shoulders as he regains his balance.
Sherlock lifts his head to stop John (or to listen more closely, he’s not sure). A sluggish bubble of hope expands in his chest as John begins speaking.
“Of course. There are clear signs,
Sherlock smiles and nods. “I’m glad you thought so. You were quite useful in a fight.”
As he contemplates this and admires Sherlock’s handsome face suffused with enthusiasm for the discussion at hand, Irene nudges him in the rib cage.
“Harriet…”
Sherlock whimpers in pain and John turns to him instantly, helping his boyfriend off the ground. It looks like his hand was cut on the broken water glass as he caught his fall. John hisses in sympathy as he gathers Sherlock’s injured hand, assessing the wound and looking for any other cuts or injuries. Sherlock’s eyes are locked on the portrait of Guillaume, now gagged with his own dumb ascot and scowling furiously at John. John ignores it.
To his delight, Sherlock’s cheeks dust with pink, (now
Sherlock smiles, small and unsure, in response. John immediately wants to befriend him. There’s just one thing to settle first. “But, mate, you need to work on your flirting technique.”
Sherlock arrives at the same time as yesterday: just before the lunch rush. By then, John’s neck is sore from whipping around every time he's heard the chime of the bell above the door, and his ears are ringing with Irene’s laughter.
When the elevator doors open out onto the lobby, they reveal two young men bent nearly double, one clutching the other’s shoulder for support, the other wiping a tear from his eye.
“Still good,” John insists. “Just…finished pretty soon for something I spent so much time thinking about!” John chokes out between laughs. Sherlock giggles in return, then rolls onto his side, clapping a hand onto John’s blond-haired chest.
“Can I take you out on a date then?.” John asks thoughtfully.
“Victor, you piece of
Irene looks at him like he’s unfathomably stupid. “John. You have a Grammy and are a literal millionaire, not to mention voted Sexiest Man Alive.”
“Drama queen.”
“You can certainly try. Now shush, I’m watching.”
It starts out light and playful, but soon becomes intense, their motions filled with relief and meaning and passion. Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s back and tugs him closer, so they’re pressed together and there’s nothing left between them. Finally.
“I thought I could let it go. I thought I could give you space and let you come to me on your own time, but it turns out that I can’t. It turns out I have trust issues the size of this entire planet and I’ve fallen for a man keeping a secret just as big!"
“But there’s more than that, isn’t there?” Sherlock pressed. “I can’t put my finger on it yet, but there is. More to you. You did our cleansing ritual, after you named the Scottish Play,” John snorted at Sherlock’s commitment to superstition. Sherlock, true to self, ignored him. “
As much as it aches, time moves on.
“Hm?” Sherlock asks, trying to play dumb as a bolt of panic slices through him.
“He doesn’t have ‘friends’ in the traditional sense. But, every once in a while, he can be persuaded into staying after hours for an Irish coffee. He’ll be in here tomorrow at the same time, for the same drink, if you’d like to
, Irene.”
“Fuck!” John mutters vehemently, dragging a hand through his blond hair as he moves to the door. (Sherlock agrees, slumping defeatedly back into his seat).
“Mum and I were having coffee when your owl came this morning. She decided to invite herself to lunch,” Harry shrugs, looking not very sympathetic as Mum continues to fuss over John, helping him into his seat and imperiously summoning a pot of tea for the table.
Something ignited in Sherlock and he began a slow, purposeful stalk towards John. Never say Sherlock Holmes backed down from a challenge. He softened his features, but kept his eyes blazing with authentic, John-Watson-induced frustration. When he reached his target, he bent down so his lips were nearly kissing John’s ear.
split the air. Someone in the audience screamed, apparently realizing that this was real and not just exceptionally strange theatre.
“He’s a natural!” Sarah yelled back. “I’ve never seen anyone pick it up so quick! Took me three days before I could hit a target on the first try.” Sarah turned to John, curious. “You ever shot a gun, Watson?”
“Is that so?” John asks, nuzzling his nose across one perfect cheekbone. Sherlock hums, and pulls back just far enough so that their lips can brush. It’s chaste and perfect: an affirmation of the steady affection between them.
When it’s John’s turn to get a round for everyone, he watches Sherlock from the bar. John's friends are completely right: he is smitten. One date, and he can hardly take his eyes off of Sherlock. It appears he's taking part in what looks like a spirited debate against Bill. It’s gratifying to see Sherlock getting on with his friends so well. Sherlock accepts Bill’s loud inappropriate jokes without batting an eye and volleys back Irene’s sharp wit with ease. They’re an odd lot, but they’re all of John’s favorite people in one place.
They exchange a disbelieving look as they each check their respective phones. John sighs and tells him, “I’ve got Mrs. Hudson. You?”
him, being
“Sure,” John answers with a half-tilted grin. (In fact, he wants to know desperately, but he continues to carefully act casual. Forget his flatmates, John Watson is
“I am so sorry, gentlemen,” the woman pants, looking frazzled and apologetic.
John didn’t have much trouble pretending. He watched unfathomable gray-green eyes as long as possible as he spun before whipping his head around. Each turn was like flinging himself off of a diving board, only to find himself caught each time by warm green pools of water.
Victor’s grin is huge as he flaps a hand at the phone. “We only made it official, like, a month ago. But James and I have known each other for years and since we finally got together we didn’t want to wait.”
* * *
“Don’t you worry, Mrs. Holmes. I’ll get him back to you in one piece.”
John grimaces. “Can’t do Thursday. I have a double shift at- at St. Barts.” John had nearly slipped and said ‘Mungo’s’. “Saturday night?” John suggests, determined to find a time. He doesn’t want to leave this table without the solid prospect of a date in the near future.
There’s no room to worry, there's barely time to think. He forgets about the other dancers around him, and focuses on the extension of his arms, the rhythm in his feet and shoulders, the curve of his back as he dips backwards and snaps back to standing.
- Thespis is known as the ‘first actor,’ and is a common theatre ghost
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “What?”
“Bowling?” Sherlock asks when he steps out from the cab. “Isn’t that a bit of a cliché?”
Grabbing her phone in one hand, Irene slides off the armchair and pads over to the door that joins the two rooms. John joins her, and presses an ear to the door: he’s never heard Sherlock play this one before. He recognizes it from school – it’s the one about a bumblebee.
Century that wizards went into hiding, and the development of our culture diverged from Muggles.”
.’ It’ll have to be a ballad. Lyrics are too sentimental to be anything else. In fact, they look downright cheesy.”
“Irene, calm down,” said Bill. “Why would they take the train? They can apparate.”
not to flirt when he saw the way a simple "brilliant" made Sherlock's cheeks flush, made him clear his (long-gorgeous-pale) throat and look away. John found it hard to remember that he had a (fake) girlfriend when this gorgeous specimen stood beside him.
“…Okay.” John seems at a loss for how to continue and Sherlock doesn’t have any ideas either. Victor’s face lights up and there’s a dramatic spinning of the image on Sherlock’s phone before it settles into looking straight up at the ceiling as they hear some shuffling on the other end of the line. Victor’s voice rings through clearly, “Jamie! You’re back!”
John barks, tongue lolling out of his mouth and tail wagging.
blushing. He stows away his cases and gets settled in a seat in front of a sleeping Irene while John greets the dancers and personnel already on board. He’s surprised (but not displeased) when, moments later, John drops into the seat beside him.
lot of work.” Sherlock scoots towards John, taking his hands from where they are stroking his uninjured ankle into his own and all but climbing into his lap. “I might need someone with medical expertise to monitor my recovery.”
books.” John looks over Sherlock’s stack with a critical eye.
“John, I’m…not sure I’m the person you should be having this conversation with.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But that’s not the worst part. On John’s head is a long, curly, blond wig. And on his face is the biggest, smuggest grin Sherlock has ever seen as he raises his fists and twirls around for the cheering crowd.
Then Sherlock walks into frame, also dressed in black, looking suitably aloof with his cheekbones and wild hair, just as Sherlock had hoped he would. Irene spins John around and gives him a shove towards Sherlock, who catches him, runs his hands down John’s sides, grips the bottom of his red hoodie, and pulls it off, leaving John in just a white t shirt.
“On the bus, everyone quickly!” Mrs. Hudson begins to swat those nearest to her onto the bus. “The show tonight starts in just under six hours and we’ve got plenty to do before then.”
“I ran into a couple of lacrosse players. They didn’t appreciate my shoes.”
Abruptly, John stills.
“Sherlock!” he claps a hand around Sherlock’s shoulder cheerfully. “Wonderful to see you, son. I want to hear all about America.”
John blinks, and looks at the little clock behind him. It’s nowhere near time for his break, but he won’t look a gift Abraxan in the mouth. He tugs his apron over his head and walks straight to Sherlock.
He was soon working happily alongside Sarah, Stan, and Billie. The job wasn’t too difficult but it kept his hands busy. Sarah turned out to be great company, joking and chatting alongside him. She told him that the Shop was a well-kept secret sitting across a hallway from the theater. It also doubled as a clubhouse for the drama department during lunch and free periods.
“I’m not going to be some—
“Hey,” Sherlock echoed. “Is that my microphone? I was just going to find Molly and apologize.”
“What is all this screaming about, then?” Mummy Holmes asks, mild, as she puts down her purse on the kitchen table and walks into the living room with hands on hips.
John swallows. “I really like you, and believe me when I say, I
“Piss off, freak.” Sherlock has carefully engineered this tone to sound bored, detached. Wouldn’t want the world thinking that he has a heart, after all.
“Bedside table,” Sherlock murmurs across the tip of his cock, stroking it steadily to full hardness and John thinks he is going to lose his mind as he grapples a hand towards the nightstand.
“Nah. I spoke to a recruiter and he said the army would probably want to train me as a GP, but I want to specialize. Surgery, if I’m good enough, but that means I have to pay my own way. The job this summer was a real stroke of luck. It was either this or stripping.”
Thanks to Taboo_writter and Samui_san for song ideas in this chapter!
John’s grin is huge. He can feel his eyes go a little soft as he imagines Sherlock as a young boy, big-eyed and chubby-cheeked, and yellow flowers woven through his wild hair.
all at the same time.
Eventually John manages, after some careful and patient negotiations, to get Sherlock in front of a familiar red awning. John gestures at it with a “ta-da!” motion.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to catch on. He blushes, and stutters, and looks thoughtfully at John when John's looking the other direction. But he doesn’t say
He craned his neck, looking for a call button, frantic for someone to explain exactly what was going on, but the room was dark, only dimly illuminated by the machines surrounding his cot. There was no one nearby, and judging by the dim lighting, John supposed it was the middle of the night.
John can’t help but laugh a bit at that. “This is going to be the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Wrong,” Sherlock interrupts. “I deduced that from your posture and the U.K. Forces patch on your bag. That you wanted to work in a specialized field was obvious from what Stamford told me about you. Not struggling with chemistry but still requesting a tutor? You must intend to go into a field that requires extensive knowledge of the sciences or you wouldn’t bother. Intelligence is possible but doctor is more likely.”
Sherlock, so much it hurts, like it’s going to claw out of my lungs and eat me alive every second I’m not with you.”
“Victor…?” Sherlock asks, curiosity piqued.
“A rebound.”
some hookup, John Watson. You can’t just fuck him and run like you do with all your other one night stands. He deserves better than that.”
Greg was sputtering nonsensically over headset. “Greg, you’ve got to cut the lights, as fast as you can! And Molly, can you make some feedback happen? That really high-pitched, shrill kind? I need all the distraction I can get.”
“That, would be our tour bus, Mr. Holmes,” answers Irene’s voice. The three of them walk together to appraise it.
“Yeah.”
“Draw Benvolio, beat down their weapons!” Anderson cried, and for once John was grateful for the bumbling stutter with which Anderson approached all of his dialogue.
“No,” Sherlock replies, immediately. His nose is raised, proud and defensive. John doesn’t
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise and he settles back against John’s legs. “You’re…enrolling?”
John raises a hand to the back of his neck, apparently embarrassed. “Er, yeah. Sorry about that, I usually don’t show off in front of the kids.”
Mum tuts. “Is that why you hardly ever answer my owls, John? Too busy
“About what?”
Sherlock. He misses talking to him every day. He misses the way Sherlock rolls his eyes at John’s dumb jokes and he misses the tiny wrinkle that appears between his eyebrows when he’s solving a case.
“And what gives you that idea?”
. I left it in my trousers. Hence why I’m both
“Of course, mate,” Greg replied. “And I understand not wanting to talk about what happened, but can we at
was wearing his
John snaps back to reality. “That was brilliant, Sherlock! How did you know just what it needed?” John doesn’t wait for an answer as he begins scribbling frantically on a fresh sheet of notebook paper.
- When John had gotten a papercut one evening and showed up for work  without a scratch the next morning.
Sherlock knows that rhythm.
* * *
“But you’re Victor Trevor, L.A.’s most notorious womanizer,” Sherlock says, and John is reluctantly charmed by the reminder that Sherlock follows celebrity gossip as faithfully as the latest chemistry periodicals. Sherlock continues, “You literally have a song called
“S’pose I haven’t a choice then.” John is standing ramrod straight, like a soldier ready for battle.
He feels less empty when Irene and Molly are loudly explaining feminism to Sherlock, and when he and Sherlock are chasing down a bicycle thief, and when they all gather around John’s laptop on movie nights to call James.
Sherlock’s yelped “What pool?” is covered by Greg’s dramatic groan. “Don’t remind me. I lost my ten quid last week. Remind me again why you haven’t made a move yet? It’s nearly Mid-Summer Campfire.”
Several hours later, when they’re backstage heaving from the thrill of a performance and the audience is calling for an encore, John tugs Sherlock aside from the rest of the dancers.
Sherlock sniffs. “It happens to be the reason Molly and I became best friends. I gave her the set of you and Harry for her birthday one year and she  let me keep the one of you. Said she liked Harry better. Honestly, you’d think she’d have figured out sooner that she didn’t like boys.”
Aside from his eyes, Sherlock remains perfectly still. John doesn’t think he’s even breathing. When Sherlock makes to step forward into the room, he sways and his knees buckle, and John has to catch him before he collapses on the floor. Sherlock takes in a huge, shuddering breath. He exhales, then takes another, eyes still roving rapidly around the flat as he begins to hyperventilate.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s for men.” Sherlock smirks, and decides to enjoy this.
Sarah just laughed. “We’ve auditioned together for every show the past three years. The only reason we’re even on the crew is because we’ve never made it before, and now you’re upset because you
Sherlock is luckily ignored by the crowd when he gets out of the car to study them. Unlike the picketers outside, each and every person that Sherlock sees here is laughing or has a smile on their face as they await a sighting of John Watson.
That doesn’t mean the journey is an easy one, though. John barely manages to get his boyfriend to continue walking once he’s spotted Slug & Jiggers Apothecary, and again when Sherlock sees Gringotts and bleats that they have to stop to take out money for more books.
Sherlock heaves open a long-disused door in his mind palace and tries to catalogue
with deductions.
“C’mere,” is all John says, as he takes Sherlock by the wrist –
The video has a million hits within the week.
Sherlock is thinking about this moodily as he puts aside his Christmas presents (nearly all practical things he’d requested in writing) and picks up his laptop two days later. He’s in the sitting room as his parents exchange their gifts, glumly loading some pirated footage of John’s Christmas Eve performance on his laptop. The sight of John dressed as a Christmas elf is somewhat consoling, but he wishes he had been there in person. He’d make a
John turns his head in her direction, but doesn’t look away from the dancer. “Aren’t you supposed to be watching the auditions? Not, you know, being your enigmatic and annoying self?”
“Ignore it,” John tells him.
As the shudders coursing through him slowed, Sherlock pulled back from the half-embrace. He and Mycroft sat in silence for long minutes as the clock ticked an even meter and Sherlock caught his breath.
“The cinema. We haven’t been for ages, we can even get those disgusting nachos you pretend not to like.”
John drags a hand over his face. He was planning on telling James himself. Having the truth
Irene had mimed puking, then as soon as Sherlock was out of sight, had closed up the shop early and apparated John straight into a Magi-Barber’s chair in Diagon Alley.
to see Sherlock again.
It had happened to fast, John hadn’t even thought to take out his wand.
“John!” Sherlock cries, and John’s jaw snaps closed. He’s aware that both of them are blushing enormously. Before long, the shared tension can't help but snap. John starts to giggle. Soon, the two of them are clutching at each other’s arms, try not to fall over with the strength of their laughter.
“It’s okay if you are.”
- - -
“It’s not like you have a gift for house-keeping anyway.” Mummy huffs out, scowling when Dad elbows her in the ribs. “Yes, we both agreed. He’s a nice young man. You should go be with your John.”
“This is so embarrassing,” he says. “Do we have to watch?”
The opening arrangement is sparse, but compelling. A piano, a guitar, a drum kit. Sherlock is concentrating, trying to take in everything. Then there’s John’s voice, tenor and soft (Sherlock would know it anywhere). The lyrics are written with John’s signature prose, emotive and concise. He sings about hiding, limitations, fear and insecurity. It’s complex, but heartfelt, and sincerity aches in John’s voice:
.” Sherlock continues to ignore ‘Greg,’ hoping that one of the children will interrupt for help. Considering the largely catastrophic paper lanterns littering the workspace, it seems likely.
Sherlock’s nose wrinkles. “Astronomy is archaic. If I learnt any of it I must have deleted it.”
John’s lips quirked. “Break a leg, then. See you out there.”
John automatically sits back on his haunches, tail thumping along the grass in excitement. Sherlock’s eyes brighten. “John-the-dog,” he muses.
“People don’t change,” Sherlock scoffs, “much as they try to convince themselves they do. They come to an event like this with a painted-on veneer of someone they’re not. The snobby banker is still the prick he was in high school, the CEO of an IT company is still just the geek in the corner. This whole event is a farce. Everyone comes to reunions gussied up and hoping to show their old friends and enemies and lovers how rich and successful they’ve become. But nobody
Irene is typing furiously. Tap. Tap. Tap-tap-tap.
John looks over at him warily. “What’s that then?”
nervous?” Sherlock returned.
“I’m not!” Sherlock cries. “Didn’t I just say I’m not?” Finally, Sherlock removes himself from John’s lap, sliding away to collapse by his side. He flings an arm over his eyes and takes a big breath. “I’ve…had sex before.
“It looks just like Speedy’s,” Sherlock says with a frown.
“Helpless wizard boy,” she curses under her breath, manhandling him out of the way of the cash register and sending him stumbling towards the electric kettle. “She wants tea. All you have to do is boil the water.” Irene turns to the blonde and sends her an apologetic smile. “Sorry about him, Tess, it’s his first day. And apparently he was raised without any real-world skills.” John opts not to remind her that she technically spent most of her childhood living in the dungeons of a magical castle.
.” John lets out a tiny groan just thinking about it. “He’s got this big coat that he whips around like a set of really posh dress robes, and his hair is dark and curly and looks really soft and he has
“No.”
Harry narrows her eyes. “No need to sound so excited. Unless that’s not the answer you were hoping for?”
“Get used to it.”
“Mary!” John said, voice dangerously close to a whine, “The reason I asked you to be my pretend girlfriend is to
They don’t have to wait long. The crowd bursts into shrieks and applause as a sleek black car pulls up in front of them and, sure enough, John gets out, clad in dark sunglasses and jeans. Sherlock and his family just watch from a distance as John takes selfies with fans and signs posters, completely ignoring the security guard closely monitoring the group.
,” Sherlock tests the weight of the unfamiliar title on his tongue as he skims the lyrics thoughtfully.
to play a melodramatic hack like that? You’re looking at your Mercutio.”
,” John tells Sherlock, eyeing his Muggle street clothes critically, and climbing to his feet, dragging Sherlock with him. “Bill is about your height.”
“What’s got a bee in your bonnet?” replies Molly’s amused voice.
man that you are.” He meets John’s eyes pointedly.
John crosses his arms. “It’s weird. Using my dog form to help you pick up women.”
Sherlock shook his head. “You’re wrong, John. The first act was absolutely dreadful! Isn’t it wonderful?”
“A plane ticket,” Sherlock breathes, and looks down at his parents. “A plane ticket to Miami.
with nothing to do. One the police had interviewed John, he was useless. Greg was the first to visit.
“Quick?” John giggles.
“I…don’t know whether to feel violated or grateful,” John tells her.
Greg looked sheepish. “Course, Watson. Sorry. Listen, besides wishing you well, I had another reason for coming to see you,” Greg said as he pulled up a chair to the side of John’s bed. “Sally’s mum is pulling her out of school next semester.”
“What made you say I’m single?” John asks, just as curious about his methods now as he was a decade ago. The exchange is familiar in an aching way to them both, as they stretch muscles that have lain dormant for decades. Like taking out the bike after a long winter and realizing you haven’t forgotten how to ride in the intervening months.
. Which John had then immediately disproved by running away from the
The jealousy, the hurt.
“You’ll be fine, Sherlock. I promise.”
“Why d’you still have it though,” John laughs.
They sit in silence for a few moments.
Was Sherlock okay? Memories of opening night were trickling back. He remembered wrestling with Hope, and Sherlock goading the boy like the idiot he was. He remembered a resounding
Vines of them climbing up every chair and table, winding up the lamp, between books, over the mantel and even peeking through the eyes of the skull. They sway gently, seeming to open wider for Sherlock, shine brighter as they wave at him. Sherlock laughs at the swell of color, delighted.
Mum chuckles and John blinks from his thoughts to see steam come out from their pot of tea, water having freshly boiled.
John had been
” Irene gapes, snatching the paper from his hand. “You’ve been working here an hour and you’ve already got her number? I’ve been hitting on Tess for
The layout is the same as the Muggle Speedy’s, but the décor is different: more mismatched chairs, moving photographs on the walls, and a Security Sneakoscope over the door as well as a bell. John ushers Sherlock into a seat approximately where he would usually sit if they were in Muggle space and goes to the counter to order them drinks. A pumpkin fizz for himself and a mug of soothing nettle tea for Sherlock. He even scrapes together a measly tip for the Hogwarts-age witch behind the counter, who looks unimpressed at the single Knut and Muggle five pence piece.
“To who?” John adds. “I didn’t know you were seeing anybody.”
Harry’s wand vibrates on the table, and she curses. “I have to run. One of my cases is going in front of the Wizengamot, and that alarm means it’s time for me to go make sure my client actually gets to the right court room this time.” She stands, kisses Mum on the cheek and ruffles John’s hair. “Good luck, Johnny. I’ll owl you those papers tonight! And I want to meet Sherlock!” she calls before dashing out of the cafeteria, silver robes fluttering behind her.
He’s zoned out a bit, but comes back to reality when Mike sidles up to him and pushes his shoulder against John's. He’s giving John a serious look as he glances between him and their table.
” flash on the screen.
“Alone.” John finishes, and clutches Sherlock’s shaking body, trying to take the tremors into himself, take away his pain.
“Are you a wizard?” John asks, hushed.
, John thinks fondly.
“Not totally, I shouldn’t think.”
John raises his eyebrows at his sister, smirking. “She’s the same. Oh. And
when he’s just been introduced to the literature and scholarly writing of an entire previously unknown culture?
They lose five key people to the other team’s jail during Sherlock's rescue mission and his subsequent attempts to free a pouting Anthea. Molly takes the opportunity to launch a successful counter-attack on John’s flag.
They were both still laughing when an out-of-breath Irene came back to the bar and announced that their cab back to camp had arrived.
“Don’t worry about it, Sher. Worst these arrows can do is give you a spectacular bruise. I know first-hand, I’ve taught archery to little kids before and they don’t have the best aim.”
Listen.”
The man recovers, summoning another (charming, fake) smile. John wants to hit him with a
courted. I am, in fact, ready to be seduced.”
John? SH
“Well, I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John chuckled. “Y’know, I wouldn’t have took you for the superstitious type. You’re all,” John waved his hands towards Sherlock’s head as he searched for a good word. He gave up. “Brainy, and stuff. Do you also believe in ghosts?”
Sherlock’s eyes look carefully between John’s, searching. After a moment, he gives a decisive nod. John’s breath catches when Sherlock steps closer. He’d forgotten that Sherlock was a full head taller than him. John has to tilt his face up to meet his gaze, this close.
“Oh, Christ. Lovers? Now
“It was always there. What did you see?” John asks, curious.
Sherlock groans as he finally pulls himself away from his attentions along John’s collarbone. “There’s slow, yes. And then there’s
“Everything’s alright. It’ll be okay.”
John frowns. “The one who works for your – for the government?
They run out of giggles as the chill night air catches up with them. Sherlock’s happy face creasing a little in confusion. “So this is? What I think it is?” Sherlock asks, doing nothing whatsoever to enlighten John.
The man asks Sherlock, “What’re you listening to?”
John aligns himself with the second target, and makes twenty paces further from the children’s line. He raises bow and arrow, pulls the string taut and –
* * *
“Nobody cares about those buffoons. You’re the real royalty on campus this semester. I know, Irene forwarded me an article in the school paper that said so.” Irene had enrolled in Oxford the moment she heard that John was disappearing on her for the Spring. Apparently Oxford's standards were falling these days. All you had to do was be an international popstar, or seduce a recruiter, and they let you in.
“John?” he asks after another long moment of silence, growing unsure.
“Bill and I watch trash telly when you aren’t around to judge us,” John tells Irene. “Did you know that the acquisition of the mobile phone number is essential to the modern Muggle romance?”
John lowers the antibiotic he was about to apply to Sherlock’s cut, a fond expression on his face. “Still brilliant, then?”
“The shop isn’t even open yet, there’s no one here!” John tries unsuccessfully to free his arm from her grasp.
“Maybe I fancy someone. Doesn’t have to be
John gaped at his retreating figure, too shocked to come up with a response. He turned to Greg and Molly. “Who the
is that John Watson wants to have sex with me!”
Another peek through the doorway reveals John is finishing his own conversation.
“It’s the basis for my next paper. I have systematically and painstakingly cataloged one hundred and sixty-three distinct varieties of tobacco ash.”
Irene cleared her throat and straightened her back as she held the now recording device between herself and Sherlock. “I do dare thee, William Sherlock Scott Holmes--” here she had to stop for a cackle at Sherlock’s dark glower (Irene was given that information in secrecy). She cleared her throat and started again, carefully not slurring. “Sherlock. I dare you to make a move on John Watson before Mid-Summer Campfire.”
* * *
There are five pages worth of legalese in front of him: a non-disclosure agreement for him to read through and initial on each page. It’s extremely tempting to just flip through and sign off, but despite how annoying he finds Mycroft, he knows his brother was right about reading through anything he puts his signature on. Sherlock wonders if these are standard in the industry, such stringent privacy agreements, that are nearly incomprehensible yet still manage to sound vaguely threatening.
John stepped between them. “Oi, what’s going on here?”
. Sherlock had no idea that sex could be so good. That he would actively
As the car pulls up in front of his childhood home, the vague annoyance Sherlock was feeling disappears with the sight of his mother out front. Clutching his bag and violin, Sherlock approaches her warily. She looks vacant, dressed in just a light jumper as she scatters salt on the ground. More than half an inch of the stuff is already covering the entire walkway.
John unlocks Bill’s door with a simple charm and immediately starts rifling through his closet for something that will suit Sherlock without drawing attention to them. He pulls out a set of casual navy robes and flourishes them in front of Sherlock triumphantly.
“Yep.”
John draws his brows together, but makes for the dressing room without further comment. Sherlock is the only one seated there, vigorously applying stage makeup, an intense glare whipping up to John when he approaches from behind.
“Don’t worry. There’s a shop girl down the road who always gives me a
All your records are sealed from age eleven onwards. Classified! So are your sisters’, and both your parents. That has
John grins, pleased at the declaration, and shifts closer to Sherlock. “You called me your boyfriend.”
John gapes. “Do you seriously not know?” he asks. That’s what these long months had been about. About showing Sherlock. Letting him
He turns his head to greet whoever’s entered the café.
Sherlock leans against a post and watches John from offstage. He’s bathed in blue light, balanced on a stool with his head ducked and eyes closed, as he sings
Sherlock stays silent.
He watched the dust motes float around in the beam of light he still has directed at Sherlock as he let his heart rate decrease. He really needed to get a handle on this crush.
(See the end of the chapter for
Irene must notice, because she refrains from berating him for his slowness and frequent mistakes as he makes beverages for the Saturday morning crowd. Instead, she watches him with a curious, thoughtful look on her face.
“I was kidding, Watson! I was going to make a joke about taking a bullet for the bloke,” Greg said as he shot a surprised look towards the heart monitor. “But maybe we need to have a chat. You know, man to man, SM to potential-ASM.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked as he accepted the drink.
John sits up. The strains of a string instrument gradually filter more clearly into the room. It’s obviously coming from Sherlock next door. It seems he and Irene aren’t the only ones awake tonight.
Sherlock hesitates, but concedes. John gives him a big grin, and an even bigger doughnut from the pastry counter, on the house.
“Go?” John asks curiously even as he does as Sherlock says and follows him into the sitting room. Sherlock leads him in backwards so that he can see John’s reaction to the space.
“He’ll have on his own belt,” Molly continued and gestured towards the elastic around Mary’s waist which had a small bag attached. Mary obligingly struck a stewardess-worthy pose to illustrate its location. “I’ve already turned the body on, so all you have to do is put it into his belt then feed the wire up his back and clip the head of the microphone into his hair.” Molly demonstrated. “Simple enough, yeah?”
“Johnlock is go!” John yells into his microphone, lifting their joint hands, and Sherlock snorts, embarrassed, as he covers his face with his free hand. “Thank you, and good night everyone!” John shouts over the crowd’s renewed cheering. And then they race off stage, hand in hand.
That’s fitting, Sherlock thinks, as he abruptly exits the room, since he has the exact opposite problem. “Right!” he turns a corner and retrieves his violin from the cubicle he’s sharing with Irene before he changes his mind or loses his nerve.
Sherlock steps back in surprise, putting a hand out to shield his face from heat that does not come. “I’m guessing it was something more than boric acid in that cup to turn the flames green?”
. Doc thinks I’ll only need the crutches for--”
. It was nothing explicit. There was one…a drawing of the two of us. In the silly wigs. We were…holding hands.”
“Have you decided what you’re going to tell Child Protection?”
What did John see in her?
“So that’s my sob story!” Sherlock says, falsely cheery all of a sudden, trying to brush off the intimate moment.
When they reach Charing Cross and the entrance to the Leaky Cauldron, John stops, and Sherlock keeps walking. John watches, amused, as his boyfriend continues to walk down the road, speculating away about the mechanisms behind wand movements and magical incantations and their implications in the sciences of the non-magical world. After not too long, Sherlock stops and calls his name, looking around in confusion for John.
“Ah- is John going to be there?” Sherlock asks, looking like he is trying to be subtle and failing.
“Oi!” he cries, put out.
John gapes. James snorts. “Oh my God, John, you've caught another one?”
* * *
“We had an argument over who the water bottle display was directed at. That boy has a serious confidence issue, it’s why he assumed it was me. Even if it
There’s a long pause.
“Well that’s just it! You were showing all the signs but you didn’t kiss me, didn’t do anything to make me sure that any of this was actually going somewhere, and not just some strange expression of friendship or a way to help me get over Victor, or I don’t know, a way to get in my pants!”
As the scene began, Sherlock felt light warm his face. There was something comforting, knowing that it was John up there. He was glad of the chance to prove to John that he was
“You a crack shot?”
It’s still mostly dark when they file out of the hotel, so there are only a few dedicated fans waiting by the bus to greet them. It’s nicer this way: John gets to spend a bit of time with each of them, take photographs if they want, and actually learn their names. It’s especially gratifying when they have him sign their pride flags or
As Sherlock grinds down, John distantly registers that they’re both aroused, and that there is a strong indication of where this encounter is heading. Physically, this is new territory between the two of them.
"Just say, 'standing by,' Watson."
somebody back there, he’s at least going to give them the performance of his lifetime.
Sherlock throws his hands in the air. “I LIED! Okay? I’m a drama queen with a terrific poker face! You might as well know that about me, if we’re airing out secrets. Or are we?! You said you needed time. How much time? What could it possibly be that you can’t trust me with? I have more theories, but that’s all they are.
There’s a crowd waiting on the tarmac: a boisterous group of John Watson fans lined up, squealing and clapping loud enough to be heard through half an inch of glass. Normally Sherlock would be irritated by the chaos, but not this time. The fans are all wearing or waving rainbow flags of one sort or another, and holding up signs that say, “WE LOVE YOU JOHN WATSON” and “THANKS FOR BEING OUT AND LOUD.”
quite dishy. You could do worse.” Sherlock scoffs, but otherwise ignores the insinuation.
That wasn’t something Sherlock would ever do. Not to Mary, and not to John. John would regret it before long, even if he somehow wanted Sherlock now. And John regretting a kiss with Sherlock? Would be worse than his never getting one in the first place.
you have the hots for Sherlock?”
. You deserve it. The best.”
the gears whirring at hyper-speed under that gorgeous head of curls.
Mike rolls his eyes while Bill snorts. “He
Mirroring John with an uncertain smile that quickly turns sincerer, Sherlock launches into the story of how he’d solved the case. “Well, I followed the story in the press and knew straight away that the police had arrested the wrong person. I interviewed McCarthy Jr., pretending to be a reporter, and even visited the crime scene.” Sherlock tells John about his furtive trip to a secluded crime scene in the countryside. And the thing about the ash was true. He had honestly found a tiny pile of tobacco ash in the forest and used it to solve the crime and clear an innocent man of a murder charge.
- - -
Tech begins. John spots Sherlock.
“Oh my God, are you alright?” says another voice. A tenor, honeyed, and tinged with concern.
“I’m a consulting detective. I take private cases, but when the Met are out of their depths, which is always, they consult me.” Sherlock has had to explain his occupation to enough family members that he has the speech memorized, well-rehearsed.
Centering himself, John concentrates, takes a deep breath, and shifts.Things feel different as a dog. Simpler. Brighter. There’s nothing like stretching his hind legs and going for a jog in this form. He can still think logically he just usually...doesn't feel like it, when he's like this.
John hums, holding Sherlock’s waist and peering briefly around him to look at their dinner. “And those plans smell delicious.” He begins nosing at Sherlock’s neck, seemingly not very interested in the food at all. Sherlock shivers as John's lips trace along his nape.
After some performances, John goes out like a light. After others, the frenzy of it all keeps him wide awake for hours, and this is one of those nights. John traces the swirled contours of the ceiling plaster with his eyes and sighs.
Sherlock considers this.
Sherlock thinks about this. About how lucky he is, to have gained the trust of this brilliant and private man. A man who had reason never to trust anyone ever again.
“I was wondering if this is what I’d be doing every weekend. Bowling and eating bad pizza with my boyfriend. If I wasn’t always dodging paparazzi. If I wasn't celebrity John Watson: superstar.”
"And so comes my brother and
“You do. I believe now I see a way to free you both.” She looked up towards the door before speaking again. “Our original plan, do you recall it?”
"And the portable microscope?"
first mate." John's mouth opened slightly in shock, surprised to hear how deep the emotion was behind those words. It was like Sherlock spoke them from memory and yet anew in this moment, drawing John's eyes up to his own. Their eyes burned into each other's and John's hand stilled in Hamish's hair, but the little Prince didn't speak up because he was watching his fathers, transfixed by the love passing between them.  Greg found himself feeling as he had on so many other occasions like an intruder on some very private moment. He was never really prepared for the moments like this when Sherlock truly opened himself up to the things he felt and let them show so easily on his face. He only ever did so when John was present and almost always because of something that happened between the two of them. John went to say something but Mycroft cleared his throat and called their attention back to the room, gently reminding them they weren't alone. Hamish was giggling as he focused on his fathers. His look clearly one of deduction.
"Oh please..." He begged. Sherlock brought two fingers up letting John suckle them gently for a long moment before reaching down and gently pushing against his quivering ass. He pushed them in and out as John whimpered and moaned. He toyed with him for a long time, until John's whimpers were almost whines. He pulled away only to get his own trousers off, returning and stroking his own weeping cock, slicking himself with the liquid. He pressed himself against John, wrapping John's legs around his waist as he leaned down to kiss him hard.
"That is my condition." Sherlock sighed and met his brother's eye.
"I have no intentions of ever belonging to anyone else." His voice was a whisper. His mind told him to go to bed before he pushed himself further than he was ready for. "Goodnight Sherlock." John pushed him up, kissing him one last time before they moved up the stairs.
"Don't," His breath drifted across John's ear, his tone almost pleading. "Don't shove your feelings away. You being able to feel is what I need most of all right now. I need you to feel these things, John. I need you to show me how to feel. I love you. I promise you once we're safely at the estate I will tell you what I know about the situation." John tried to focus on his voice. "I'm not going anywhere, not without you. Not ever again." Sherlock's voice wavered though he tried to keep it steady, his own emotion breaking through. He whispered his words to John, not pulling away.
“So you need punishment as well.” Sebastian growled. “Come and beg for what you want.” He commanded, laughing as John scrambled to obey.
"Are you just going to stand there?" John asked softly, lifting his eyes from Sherlock's chest.
"John," Sebastian put his hand a bit too tightly on his arm, stopping John’s motions and holding him in place. "Are you well? The Holmes, they are still treating you kindly?" He asked in a voice that was meant to be soft, to lure John in, however John’s body tensed easily.
“He’s with Uthur clearing up the remaining parts of this horrendous issue.”
“Yes, apparently my father is involved.” John sighed and sank back. “I need to look at the case files." John's brain seemed to suddenly snap back to functioning and he turned to look at Sherlock with a piercing gaze as he stood and walked over to look out the window. "Why did we even come out here Sherlock? All the data was washed away years ago."
“Just what do you intend to do with John?” Mycroft demanded.
"He... He fought the bad men." Hamish beamed proudly. “He kept me safe.”
“Our Mender?” Sherlock growled, his eyes darkening more. Mycroft met his gaze easily, though even that was a sort of battle.
Mycroft could feel John's pulse beating strongly under his skin, begging to be set free. His entire body softened into the moment and pleaded for the two of them to drink him. To take his essence and remake him into something new, something better, someone worthy of Sherlock. What neither of the brothers could accurately convey in that moment was that he was already worthy of him. He was in fact worthy of more, however they could not find the words to tell him how true those thoughts were. Mycroft gave in to the lust purring in his chest and slowly, reverently took John's face in his hands. He kept his neck tilted to the side and gently pressed his teeth into the tanned skin. John let out a groan as he felt his skin give way and his blood rushing into Mycroft's mouth. Sherlock tightened his grip around John supporting his weight as he whispered reassuring words in his ear. Mycroft's eyes flashed up to Sherlock's and Sherlock easily followed the command. He sank his teeth into John's shoulder still supporting him from behind as the two brothers drained him. John's soft moans became breathless as he felt his strength ebb and his control over his body faded. John's body responded first with lust and then dissolved into utter weakness as his strength left. He all but collapsed in Sherlock's arms, the movement pulling him from their mouths, his eyes half closed as he shivered on the edge of death and life. The two brothers easily shifted him to the bed, letting his rest easily against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock trying to keep John alert, active, and showing him he was safe. Mycroft cut open his wrist and pressed it to John's mouth.
"Why hasn't Hamish slept?" Greg looked confused.
-Two small slit like cuts on the victims neck, meant to mimic and animal bite but with jagged edges clearly from a specific type of knife.
Now that I have your attention - I hit writers block and life block with this chapter. I am so sorry it took so long to post, but we've hit the dark times now. There is a lot of blood and dark themes in this chapter. There is also mention of rape and non-con drug use. These aren't new to the story but I feel it is fair to warn you.
“John, you must come. You are our best…” Gregory spoke up, trying to see if the mender would accept anything from him. They had been close at first, however the closer Gregory and Mycroft became the more John turned away from them.
"So the case is closed, criminal in custody, you've managed to convince me to marry you, what do you do now doctor?"
"Yes, he called on us in Paris and asked me to deliver that to you." John said motioning to the letter. John was afraid, his voice shaking slightly. The anger of the two Holmes men was palpable.
"Hush my love, you are going too quickly. Easy." Sherlock whispered in guidance, letting his lips gently find John's anew. John kissed him hungrily, using the sensation to mask the intense pain flowing through his body. He felt alternating waves of weakness and strength as he kissed his mate, his whole being focused on the feel of their touch.
"Well, that's that then isn't it?" John whispered to himself. He steeled his nerves and stood firmly almost militaristically glaring at the front door. Which was exactly how Mycroft found him a few minutes later when he opened the door and let himself in.
"He had to go to the Yard for a case. If for some reason he comes back just let him know I went to the store." John forced a cheerfulness into his voice but it didn't reach his eyes.
"Then it is good that I kept an eye on you." Sherlock smiled and inclined his head. "It is good to see you J... Sir Watson. If my brother is quite finished with you I should like to take you on a tour of the grounds."
“Sherlock…” John was almost pleading. Sherlock was so much better than he was, he would sound like a child next to a master.
“It’s…” Hamish looked thoughtful. “Eye twitch,” He pronounced grandly, enjoying the wide smile he got from Sherlock as a reward. They all laughed again. “Greg, I'm taking you've already packed?"
A few hours later there was a soft knock at the door. Molly appeared with Greg and a tray of food. They set down the food and Molly handed Sherlock a bag.
"I never started having lovers, you were my first friend and so easily taken from me. How could I chance giving my heart to someone... Well if I'm being completely honest to someone else, but I was seven. I didn't know anything about love." He sighed, his shoulders tense from the battle that still waging in his mind between emotion and rationality. "We saw what happened, we told them what we saw, and they still took you from me. Still they didn't believe us. I was powerless and you know how much I
"Yes." Sherlock came over and started tending to John's cut cheek. John grunted. "He isn't the murderer he's a potential victim. He will be in the main house, Georgie has a secret code she told me about in the letter she sent. He's going to give her the password. We'll know right where he is."
"Yes." John sighed. "I have, it was then that I understood what was before me. It was not enough to influence my own mortal life but it was enough to inflame the blood thirst. When my Uncle returned I informed him I had discovered my mate and that I was going to give myself over to you. He was disappointed beyond measure and tried vainly to convince me not to go through with my plan. However after several months of discussion and correspondence he relented. He understood that I was motivated not by power but by love. He crafted a story that I had been discovered and killed, thus ending the branch of my family." Mycroft smirked but he was careful not to betray his thoughts on his face.
"I cannot feel where I end and either of you begin. My skin feels like air." John panted in response.
"How long have you had John here?" Mycroft demanded swiftly, swinging his cane.
"Yes, consequently how did you know about the gun?" Sherlock smirked, raising an eyebrow.
"It was my pleasure." His eyes sparkled. "You're mine, John." He flipped them, pushing John into the wall. "Pure and simple. I will fiercely guard what is mine, don't take those words lightly."
“Sherlock, I am afraid I cannot allow you near him yet. He is…” Mycroft tried to grab Sherlock but he dashed off, taking the stairs three at a time.
"The little boy looked lonely John over and asked him what his name was. This made lonely John sad again because he didn't have a fancy name and he certainly wasn't a prince. So he just looked down and replied that his name was John, just John." John inhaled to continue but Sherlock's voice cut him off.
“There is caution in your words." Mycroft said softly, crossing his legs and placing his fingers together in front of his chin. His eyes burning into John's. "There is more to this story than you are telling us now." John sighed and looked at Mycroft as if appraising him for a long moment.
“Hello brother mine.” Mycroft said with as much forced sentiment as he could afford.
"No, because if it had been I would have pumped the damn thing full of bullets." He growled and from the doorway Sherlock's eyes went wide. Not there?
"You are supposed to be celebrating your wedding, not falling ill." John countered and he immediately began to check her heart rate, her skin, her eyes, her temperature, and other visible signs of illness. "Tell me what happened."
"Fuck me Sherlock, please!"
worked. It was so different. "You are better when you can touch, feel, smell, and taste it." His voice was very clear and his eyes were so determined Sherlock almost melted. He watched entranced as John shifted, stepping out of his trousers. Sherlock was astonished, he'd been so focused on John's face he hadn't seen him undo them. John sat back on the bed, now only in his boxers and blinked slowly as his eyes focused on Sherlock's again. "So study me." Just like that John blew open Sherlock's desire and shorted out his mind.
"NO! This isn't how it's going work Sherlock!" John wrenched himself away, which took incredible effort. "You can't just charm your way out of a situation like this! A year, Sherlock! A God damned, soul crushing year!" His hands and arms shook as he let the emotion out, rage spilling over. Sherlock watched him, first gearing up for an angry retort and then letting his shoulders slump. He opened himself to John's emotion, it should have calmed John to see such surrender in that moment - but it only made him angrier. "Day after day, waiting for something, ANYthing from
"I've left things much as they were when you were here."
“I leave you two alone for five minutes, I swear.” John was laughing though and the three of them shared a family hug just as Greg and Mycroft returned.
"We'll be down in a moment." Sherlock grunted, sitting up himself.
Elizabeth huffed in anger and turned to her servant, barking orders and storming out of the house. The two brothers followed John and once they were sure Elizabeth was gone, they enfolded him in an embrace, his head on Mycroft's chest, and held him as he sobbed.
"Before you even say it - you can't be bored. But I have a task I think you can help me with." John smiled.
"I... The memories are so hard to find..." Sherlock whispered but he closed his eyes. John slid his hand into Sherlock's as he slipped into his mind palace.
“It is my fault the coven wishes to harm us.” Sherlock said quietly, his lines clearly practiced. “So it is my fault we seek asylum.”
"There is absolutely no work today!" John yelled after them, with his normal 'I do have authority here, I do,' voice.
John is still wary of danger but Sherlock, trying to fix things, asks him on a date.
"John please..." Sherlock whispered, his face hurt. "Let me explain what happened."
want?" Sherlock growled as he stepped away from John.
"So it would seem, tell me
"My little pirate," Sherlock grinned adjusting the scarf slightly before kissing his forehead.
It wasn't long before it was time to go, Sherlock going out of his way to make contact with John as they pulled on their coats and scarves. Sherlock watched every move John made with such intensity that John was surprised he hadn't melted like ice under the glare of the summer sun. John blushed as he worked, shoving his hands in his pockets in an almost grumpy way. Sherlock realized that John was attempting to disguise his body language, trying to keep their truth a secret until Sherlock told him it was alright to reveal. He felt strange as the emotion rose in him in response to John's actions. Part of him admired John's courage but another part demanded that he fling open the door, shove John against the wall and snog him senseless for all the world to see. So everyone would know that John Watson was
"I'm so sorry I keep doing this." John's voice was barely a whisper.
"When did you get the letter?" Sherlock asked, reaching across him to the table and picking up the letter from The Woman.
"People can be with whom they choose to be with!" John wanted to struggle, he wanted to break free and protect Hamish. "You're the one who’s wrong!" Marcus hit him again and John started to black out again.
"Well it’s likely one of two things. One of which is his Uncle doesn’t exactly give him the healthiest food when he babysits and the second being that Harry and I had horrible teeth as kids – so he’s likely got some bad genetics." John's voice caught softly and Sherlock grabbed his hand.
They passed the day unpacking lazily before heading out to some restaurant that John would never had stepped foot in before. It was definitely expensive and John blushed at just the thought of Sherlock planning out the dinner ahead of them. The whole event had been a sort of secret, only half a secret because Mycroft and Lestrade had demanded they be let in on what was going to happen and Sherlock knew he needed a place they could trust to meet uninterrupted. He also knew he was expected to take his fiancée someplace special to celebrate their engagement. This dinner would allow him to do both and if he was lucky would let him try to resume some sort of normal life. Once he had forced John into a suit that John was quite sure he hadn't owned just the day before (during which Sherlock had laughed himself silly watching him get dressed) he wrapped John's coat around his shoulders and fixed a scarf around his neck before leading him out the door. A private car took them to the restaurantno doubt the one that Mycroft, who'd spent at least three afternoons discussing their deplorable reliance on cabs while they were away, forced on them. So he'd "given" them a car, which basically meant he and Sherlock had shouted back and forth until John accepted the car but made Mycroft agree to pay for the driver. Honestly, it was beginning to feel like having children with the two of them.
"You're not blaming our one year old for your behavior. You're the adult Sherlock."
They started playing exactly at the same moment, choosing the same song without a word spoken about it, completely in sync with each other. Their eyes burned into each other's as their music began to fill the room, drawing everyone watching into silence. It was a moment that seemed so innocent on the outside but was more telling of their relationship than any words could have been. They both sank into the melody, slowly closing their eyes as they let their fingers and memories eek out the music from the two instruments. John followed Sherlock effortlessly, though the two had never played together it was as if they had played together for all their lives. Even Mycroft was moved by the sound of the music, though the two of them only had eyes for each other as they played in concert. They switched between songs three times before John's arm grew too tired and his notes began to become sloppy. He finally sank down into a chair to a small round of applause as Sherlock continued to play. Eventually he could tell everyone was preparing to wrap up for the evening so he gently switched into the melody he'd written for John. John's face flushed as Sherlock's gaze met his, the passion of the song evident as he poured his heart into the song and it filtered out through the notes hanging in the air. As he played he was so focused on John he didn't see that the women had tears in their eyes and both Lestrade and Mycroft looked a bit uncomfortable at the emotion the music stirred within themselves. When he finally finished John looked down, blinking away several tears as Sherlock set his violin down. A smile played at his lips as he enjoyed how he could move John's heart so easily.
“May I call you Auntie too?” Hamish asked softly, looking rather shy. She laughed.
John needed
"Yes, I think we'll be just fine." John said softly.
"He said in Paris that he would not destroy my happiness." John defended him, flushing slightly.
He'd been so tense he'd just followed Sherlock like a puppy would, letting him guide him to sit on the bed and allowing him to remove his shirt and trousers. Sherlock had been deeply concerned about the state of John's mind and he didn't really come back into the room until Sherlock had set down a glass of water and the bottle of anxiety pills that John never took. He sat down on the bed next to him and laced their fingers together, giving John something physical to focus on. Their eyes met and John slowly seemed to come back into himself.
"I know." Sherlock's laugh was the last thing John heard before he sank to sleep.
"You said you saw him." Jacob looked confused.
"How about instead of you going all cold and scientific on me, we agree to disagree? After all I think we've established I'm the heart of this operation.
Just a reminder italics within quotations are telepathic conversation.
"Either way he should not force this on you. I will not be able to control myself." John muttered as Mycroft led him to his room.
Luncheon interrupted Em and Siger and Danny’s dinosaur adventure in the parlor.  Ross and Miri had been assigned status as small mammals.  They neither complained nor did much to take on their roles, being more interested in attempting to get at the blown ornaments gracing the large blue spruce gated off in the corner.
Before he could reiterate what he’d told the man, that Sherlock simply was away on the continent, the man continued, “If they’re not mine, I can’t sell ‘em.  It’s the season.  It’s the time to make my money.  I can’t sell what’s not mine.  It’d be illegal, it would.  Someone’s made off with my geese, and the police say they have no time for my foolishness.  I’ve got geese on my land, even if they’re not mine, and finders’ keepers, or some such nonsense.”
Hmmm.  This was going to be work.  John was going to have to read all of these titles before he brought them into the nursery.  Of course, there was a box of books in the attic crawl space.  Books that Mycroft and Greg, that Molly, or Bert, Auntie Harriet or Clara, or Mrs. Hudson, or Alice Brown gave to the children were kept in the nursery.  There were even books from Mike Stamford and his wife in there -- some hand-me-downs, some purchased for holidays.  Looking back, there were an awful lot of people buying his children books, clothing, and primarily educational toys.  Harry’s presents tended toward the deliberately annoying, but equally fascinating to the youngest residents of the flat.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock offered, “we should discuss with Siger what he would like to give to his sisters.  And others.”
Ross stared into her father’s face, her own scrunched up.  John started to laugh.  “I don’t think she knows the right words, Sherlock.  It’s all right, Ross.  We’re done playing. You can speak to
(See the end of the chapter for
“Black haired, not black hearted,” John murmured softly.  Siger gave him a quick answering hug and dashed off to find his piratical father.
Mycroft Holmes, tall, long noised, and ginger haired, made a decision.  “You’re going to take them where?” Greg Lestrade had laughter in his voice.
“Yes, sweet, but what else would you like for Christmas dinner?” John Watson was at his doctorly best, with, “We can’t just eat cake for dinner, Siger.”
I have always loved this set that my M.I.L. got for my children.  It's solid - near unbreakable, can go in the tub, and is too big for babies to swallow.  It passes the toilet paper roll (loo roll?) test of being too big to slide through one.
eating an eclair and not sharing it with Uncle Mycroft.
said, drawing it out, “If he ate all of the sweets, then he would be become the size of a house. Two houses.  Bigger than he already is.”
Daddy gave Siger a cocked headed look, like when he was measuring something without the tape.  “Do you think he’s old enough, Greg?”
“That’s okay, Siger,” John told his son, “I think your
This tie was a deep, dark red with curving vines of green and gold.  Small birds sat among the vine leaves.
Sherlock picked a cherry fastidiously and pulled the  fruit from the stem.  Tossing the red globe to Jerry, he cocked an eyebrow to his partner.  Laughing, John did the same, and the pair put the stems between their lips at the same moment.
“Siger!  I’m here, just a few rungs more, sweet!” It was Daddy’s voice, and then Daddy’s strong arms lifting Siger and Will off of the rope ladder.  “Good job, son,” Siger could hear the pride in his Daddy’s voice.  “Let me help you with Will, okay?”
“Daddy,” Siger said with great disappointment, “You asked me what I like best to eat.”
This got a nod from the farmer.  “Right you are, young man.  Almost gone, it is.  But still enough that I can see it.  The geese I’ve been ‘gifted’ with are white as white can be.  And they’re afraid of my old Gander, Alexander.”
Shooting was so easy that James didn’t need to think about the mathematics to predict where a target was going to go.  Mother had the range master move the targets now, instead of the computer. She’d been startled when James explained the movement rates to her.   James decided not to disappoint her, because he had figured out the range master’s patterns too.  Sometimes James missed on purpose.  It was just easier that way.
With a tilt of that dark curled head, his partner replied, “Possibly,” then lapsed back into silence.
The AU I chose was my own world.  That of the library.
The consulting detective gave a sideways shrug, then nodded in return.
“How’s that?” John asked him, torn between amused and concerned - for they really did not need another inhabitant in 221.
Siger was glad they no longer had the baby monitor when he checked the hallway outside the nursery.  He could hear their fathers downstairs talking in the sitting room.  He ran back to Auntie Harriet’s afghan, spread out on the nursery floor like a vivid rug.  Miri and Ross had set up a circle of plush items  to take part in The Conference.
” Siger turned to claw at the air toward the consulting detective, and roared again.  This ended with a cough as well.
And yet, the tight embrace, the quick kiss on his jaw from Emma when they’d “accidentally” met the well-known forensic paleontologist at the British Museum, and joined him for a quiet lunch out at Angelo’s.  Her quiet whisper of “I know it was you who set this up, Uncle Sherlock!  Mum would never have allowed it otherwise.  Thank you!”  There was a pleasure in giving.  As there was a joy in receiving thanks.
stomach and sat on it to look down at the eyes that were now examining him instead of looking away.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, John,” Sherlock snapped at him, “I am not looking for ways to transmit pathogens.  If I were, I’d be at the labs in Saint Barts.  Or I’d make Mycroft set me up in one of the government facilities.”
Or hear the grown-up people's feet
told him.
“May I open the package in here?” Siger suggested, “So that you can see what is in it,
was dressed like Daddy - his shirt was of plaid flannel, much like Siger’s pajamas, but in bright blue.  Sometimes Daddy wore flannel, but he did like to wear checked shirts, and that was close to plaid.  And
Damnation.
“Some day,” Sherlock answered him, “You will allow me to dress you.  Then we will go out to a very different type of dance club.”
’s voice sounded from the hallway, “Is Siger asking for a pet now?”
Sherlock raised his head enough to kiss those familiar lips.  “Not a deal.  But a promise.  Now, unfortunately, I hear Siger on the monitor, which means no time for me to practice ‘wandlery’, or whatever it’s called, on you.”
“Time?” Sherlock asked.
Siger nodded.  The Vomit Emergency bucket was crucial.
Sherlock Holmes gestured, a circle to encourage John Watson to get on with whatever reproach he was working toward.
He wandered up the wooden stairs to the nursery, where the children had been playing quietly while he had spread crime scene photographs in the sitting room.  Toddlers though they were, Miranda and Rosalind were quite well able to maneuver up and down the stairs safely.  Ross could climb over the child gate at the top of the seventeen steps down to Mrs. Hudson’s, although she knew now that she was not to repeat that effort without an adult present.
It was amazing, John thought, how quickly his detective could leap from a lying position.  “You’re considering it, aren’t you?  John, you thought that imuring me in Baker Street would drive me insane, but you’re considering sequestering me in a house with Mycroft.  Are you mad?” Sherlock demanded.
Wide green eyes stared at him from under the red mop of hair.  “Would you teach me all of them, please?”
“Sherlock,” John cautioned low.
Returning to the previous shop, the government official felt comfortable that he had an idea of what styles and fabrics were available now.  However, Rosalind showed no interest whatsoever in the Hello Kitty bow.  Unfortunately, she did have a predilection for plaid.
Hitting the autodial, the call was barely answered before he snapped, “What?”
“All right then,” Siger tucked his been under his arm and leaned back.  “We will look for data in the morning.”
“Yes,” Siger said, “Although a dog would be nice.  It could help with Ross and Miri.”
Mrs. Hudson relaxed and enjoyed her Riesling, the superb chicken salad sandwich, and her crisps.  Sometimes it was alright to let conversations lapse.
Siger leaned his curly haired head against his Daddy’s shoulder.  “Alright, Daddy.” It didn’t sound whiny, but more a little sad.
“Thank you for that,” John made a face.
Sherlock Holmes heaved a great sigh.  “Would you like to see a picture of Mycroft from when he was fat?” he asked.
tended toward distraction as a tool.  He would stand flashy and interesting looking books on top of the bookshelf - generally on subjects that he wanted to read about, or wanted Siger to learn.  This worked on occasion, especially when something had occurred around Siger during the day that touched on the subject. When it did not work, Siger would pat his father on the knee and consolingly say, “We can read that tomorrow morning,
I have pictures of myself on skates at 18 months.  I haven't been skating in years, and never really did get good at it.  But it is like flying.  Eventually.  When you stop holding on to the side of the rink.
A message tapped out on the mobile he’d received from Mycroft.  The Uber driver’s description and the car’s license. Stepping out into the fresh air, John wondered about his brother-in-law’s fetish with black vehicles.  The driver was chatty - self-described - which John figured was some form of punishment or joke from the man sending him to Canada in the first place.
And they've been chasing bad guys for days.  What next?
“Hmmm,”
“It isn’t the same,” she told him tartly.  “I don’t plan on destroying your brother’s kitchen to suit you, Sherlock!”
, you know how old we are.  You were there when we were born.” Ross sniffed.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, his fingers had ceased to type.  “What words describe what we should get your sister, Miranda, Siger?”
“Yes,” Miri finished for her, “What evidence do you have so that we can figure out why Daddy is sad?”
“Daddy sings with me, and Miri Cat and Ross Love,” Siger defended his father.
is making such a fuss about it.”
growled at Daddy.
“Don’t do that, Daddy,” Miri told him, “You’ll smear your makeup!”
John Watson, on his way to prepare a risotto of last resort for his hungry children - all three clamoring for food as they swarmed about him in the kitchen - discovered that they were out of...well... everything edible.  This had been a long and busy month, with three cases above a six, school and pre-school concerts, and Sherlock’s inevitable experiments.  Not even a can of beans remained in the pantry to be warmed and placed on toast.  Mrs Hudson was away on a cruise with Mrs. Turner.  Bert was home visiting his family in Paris before the start of classes.  Alice Brown had left half an hour ago, locking up the office good and tight.
But Siger had to wait until
Martha Hudson, torn between hysterical laughter and weeping, gave a hacking cough into the pine tree ornamental dish cloth that her sister had sent from Norway.  She held it in her white, flour dusted hand.  Newly trimmed, and frosted only the day before, her hair was adrift with unbleached white as well.
= "Yes, Father."
He growled, “Alright, Mycroft, what do you
John and Sherlock get a bit of action.  No, sadly, not that kind of action.  More the running about after criminals kind.
“Hmm,” John considered, “Better let Bert know anyway.  Otherwise he’ll hear it on the news and worry.”
He was listening to Lambkin tell the bees a tale of “days long past”, as Daddy would say, when he heard the big black front door open downstairs.  There were voices, Daddy and
“Back already?” John looked up at his oldest child.  Even when John was standing, Siger was taller now.  “Everything alright?”
,” Siger giggled.  Then giggled some more when Daddy and
“But Dad?” Siger was asking, shocked, “Aren’t you going to help?”
That gave Siger something to think about for a while.
, Bert, and himself.
Siger asked, “
“Not what I meant,” their father murmured, as he turned his attention to lunch. He could read the writing on the wall, and saw a future of rainbow making for the rest of the day.
Daddy did not say something foolish, about Miri sharing the room with him.  A baby was not always company, and especially not when she was sleeping all the time with the flu.  There was quiet for a bit.  Siger was okay with that.  Because quiet meant, usually, that someone was thinking.
was also singing about reindeer, “Coming home from our house Christmas Eve,” in an accent that Siger had not heard before.  It was English, but not from London -
Business suits in the seats behind and cattycorner. John had no doubt that Sherlock would have been able to tell him exactly what type of businesses.  John could see that not all of those suits were bespoke, and at least one of them was fairly well worn. He did see symptoms of hypertension, one man under the influence, and male pattern baldness.
John sighed, “Sherlock, what would you like for Christmas lunch?”
Sighing after a moment, he thought,
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock waved that away before starting to outline John’s lips.  “You three would not need colouring on your lips.  You’ve got lovely colouring there already.  I’m going to make your Daddy’s lips look just a little fuller, but we’ll pick a shade of lipstick that won’t scream for attention.”
In the absence of conversation, the sounds of the street seemed magnified - cars traveling Baker Street, passers-by chattering on the pavement, and a siren in the distance. Suddenly, John gave a snort. A giggle broke loose, and the blond doctor leaned back in his chair and laughed until he was out of breath.
“Yes, that is true.  You, Rosalind, and you, Miranda, will also have deeper voices, but probably not as deep as Siger’s.  You’ll have rounder faces, longer upper arms, and some, but not as much, body hair.”  Sherlock was beginning to look a bit startled at the direction the lesson was taking.
Placing Miranda on Siger’s other side in Jeanette’s arms, Sherlock stepped aside so that John could take a photo with his mobile.  Looking over his partner’s shoulder, he could already see several pictures of their daughters with Jeanette.  And then there were closeup shots of Siger, striving valiantly to hold his two sisters.  His children.  How very peculiar.
?  Sherlock carried her off still speaking.
John bent down and gave Siger a hug.  “We have a lot of life around here.  Don’t we Siger?”
John feigned surprise.  “I suppose it is, Siger.  Did you want to help put them up this year?”
None of the men looked like they had any fight in them.  One was that Inspector from New Scotland Yard.  Police were tricky, but not impossible.
Siger considered.  “Rosalind and Miranda aren’t babies either.”
John hated being sick.  He lay back against the puffed up pillows - he’d puffed them himself, as Sherlock did not manage to do it to John’s specifications.  There was ample pho leftover for him to eat for the rest of the week.  It was good, not the calibre of Bert’s mother’s soup, but tasty, and warming.
"Yes. I will try to make it short and to the point as we're all trying to work against time. This all boils down to a crime of hatred and I believe deep down misunderstood communications and the belief that what one person believes is the best for all. You two know by now that all of us belong to the Order of Serpents and Scepters. You also know that Sherlock was approached to join and declined membership. He was allowed to do so only because of his father's contributions. You, John, were never approached because your father has tarred your name and thus put a black mark against your family. Once you had proven yourself to be especially honorable and a worthy candidate for us you were inseparably bound to Sherlock and it was decided that his opinion on the Order would likely sway you from a positive impression of us. The Order minds their own business about the private lives of members, so long as whatever activities they choose to be a part of do not draw unwanted or ill fitting attention to the Order or the member themselves. Because of that it was of no important to the Order that James Pendergrass was gay, nor that his lover Uthur Argyle was a member of the chapter in Switzerland."
"A letter arrived just before dawn from the Holmes family. It seems Lord Mycroft wishes to tutor you and employ you as one of his assistants. They have asked us to send you with all of your things to take up residence at their estate, today." John's gaze swept around the room as confusion filled him. He had not expected such a request so suddenly. He had expected to be required to remain at home for some time while going to train. Though this was a much preferred reality.
"Yes, there's something that is right in front of me but that I can't seem to grasp." He paced slightly and John effortlessly got up and picked up the case file.
“I… I had…” John groaned the smell of Mycroft’s blood enough to drive him mad. The scent wrapping around him and urging him to realize he was safe, that he was home. John didn’t even think as his mouth latched onto the offered wrist, his blood blooming with fire as he took in Mycroft’s essence. Mycroft groaned, baring his fangs as John readily drank of him and before he could control his thoughts their mouths came together.
Sherlock almost stopped dead at the front door of the guest house when he saw the doors. He looked down and saw tire tracks hastily made and headed away from the house and out of the gate. He just saw the black car slip out of the gate and disappear, fear sinking in his heart as it did. He ran into the house and immediately groaned.
"Sherlock!" John gasped. Sherlock pinned him hard against the wall, leaning down and running his tongue over the side of his neck. John's voice shook with tremors as he said Sherlock's name again, but his head swam. Sherlock nipped the side of his neck, catching it between his teeth and enjoying the moan that it elicited.
"When did you realize how you felt for me?" There was ego behind that statement, pure and unadulterated. He didn't ask when John realized he
"My little Prince Hamish, your Daddy and I went on many adventures that summer and if you continue to be just as wonderful as you have been I promise we will tell you all about them." Sherlock said softly as he swept his hands through Hamish's hair. The little boy was almost completely asleep, his hand clutched around the key.
“He… He is right.” His voice cracked and he grabbed a fistful of the Mender’s shirt. “You fool! You absolute fool!” He tried to remain firm, though tears ran on his cheeks.
"You ruined everything!" She shouted and walked over to him, she was now brandishing a scalpel. She cut his shirt away. "He was so happy. His plan was perfect! He was going to kill Sherlock and then he wouldn't have had to worry about him. He designed that scheme with the pill and it was PERFECT!" She screamed. "And Sherlock would have taken that pill if you hadn't shown up..." She growled and sliced down the center of his chest drawing blood. John didn't flinch, but the blood ran. "But as if that wasn't bad enough you even had to write about it. You stole my story!" Another slice this time on an angle, he still didn't react. Suddenly it all made sense. She didn't care about Moriarty's plan, no she cared that his blog robbed the paparazzi from their scoop, specifically her. "And then you ruined everything again when he was having so much fun watching Sherlock dance. But no, you had to show that idiot Sherlock he has a heart. Suddenly he actually cared about people. Suddenly he was human, he was bewildered by a case, confused by Moriarty's game, watching people suffer and visibly upset by it." She was screaming at the top of her lungs as she brought the scalpel across in the opposite direction, an x cut across his chest. She straddled him again, pressing the blade against his neck. "He was so hurt, so disappointed and all because you ruined Sherlock. You broke him." She grinned as she touched his battle scars before driving the blade into his skin just below his left clavicle and dragging it to create a K. "Look at all his sweet little marks." She smirked touching the love bites around his neck. "But you're my pet now, well until you die that is." She growled tracing an R right next to the K, carving her initials into his chest. John grit his teeth, but that was all the reaction he gave her. "And then
"So this will be it then. Uncle will say yes because he knows how poorly you think of me and does not hold me in the same esteem." John gathered his clothes together, sorting through them to find an emerald green outfit. "Very well father. Thank you." He nodded as his father left.
We are in the thick of some of the more angsty/feels/sad making portions but I don't write unhappy endings. It's just not something I do.
“I keep my work separate from my homelife.” Gregory responded curtly and was clearly frustrated. He ran a hand over his face. “I would not ask if it was not important.”
John's breath was ragged and it hurt but he couldn't stop the fear that was still pumping through his body. His heart rate elevated causing his machine to ping loudly until a nurse came in to check them both over. John was trying to look unaffected but Sherlock could tell just from the feel of his hand that he was in a lot of pain. Sherlock had expected to be in more pain himself, but it seemed that they were doing a fine job with his medications. The nurse did some quick checks over Sherlock, including checking the state of his wound and applying a new clean bandage.
"Are you sure you are well enough?" Sherlock asked, snapping out of his deductions to check John over again. He did a series of movements checking him over as he asked the same question he'd already asked a thousand times.
After they broke apart John let himself be guided as Sherlock lay back on the couch and brought John with him. He arranged himself so they were both half sitting up, half lying down with John against his chest. John felt comfortable in the arrangement, though the couch was a bit small for the two of them to cuddle together like this. Sherlock didn't speak as he watched John turn towards him, pressing his ear to his chest. He just tried to continue thinking and processing all of the emotion they had just shared. John instead focused on the sound of his heartbeat and breathing, trying to establish some sort of solid ground to stand on. John grew incredibly comfortable in the embrace and before long Sherlock felt him sink to sleep. It was only after John closed his eyes however, that Sherlock let himself reveal how deeply affected he had been by their discussion. He didn't move an inch, trying as best he could to allow John the space to rest. Instead he focused on trying to piece together what little information he had on the most recent developments to try and prevent the spider's web from trapping anyone else. There were several times John would slip into a nightmare, usually muttering Sherlock's name. So Sherlock would press a kiss against his cheek, the top of his head, or wherever he could reach to bring peace back to the man he loved so well. Each time John would curl up more against him, seeking even more comfort.
"Sherlock!" John shouted as Sherlock nipped at his neck and chest. He'd been completely asleep having a strange dream when he felt Sherlock press two well slicked fingers into him. Then Sherlock's lips had been on his own, kissing him until his head swam with arousal.
“Thank you, please do not leave the manor.” Sherlock pleaded, grasping his hand.
"It's brilliant." He replied, smiling and blushing slightly. "You're not bad considering you didn't have as much training as I have."
“No my mender, you did no such thing.” The reply was so soft that John almost missed it. “You were swayed as Sebastian predicted. His family was kind to you even though you were told they were evil. It is no fault of yours that your knowledge was used against you. We will be able to create a remedy because of this. Once we find Sherlock we will be able to restore him.”
"Is he the one James left everything too?" He asked softly, trying to pry information out of John.
"I'll be fine Sherlock." John smiled softly, looking him over as Sherlock gently put his hand on John's injured arm.
"Yea, no problem," Lestrade just shook his head and walked off.
Sherlock’s voice was soft.
"Yes, I have observed many things..." He flushed.
. If he goes to help her then he is convinced something will happen to me or I will turn away from him. If he stays here with me then he knows that someone will harm her; which is why Mycroft, he is currently sitting cross legged on the floor in the bathroom completely still all locked inside his mind as he tries to solve the solution-less problem you helped him build." John clenched his left fist, his eyes now positively burning with passion. "He's so mucked up over this he never came to bed last night. His hands are tied and he can't do anything to help anyone. But you don't have that same problem. Your hands aren't tied and we both know that once Sherlock stops thinking so hard on this he's going to realize all the things
“Gregory do not be foolish. There is no carriage for you and this storm is blinding, you shall not be able to go on foot. You must remain here where it is safe and most importantly warm.” John’s voice had been firm, commanding the other to listen and overriding any argument from his mate (who had been preparing one). Sherlock frowned from where he stood, still shaking some snow off his dark hair and watching his mate assume the more commanding posture he’d grown fond of.
"Of course I will. How else will I spoil you?" She grinned and he looked excited.
"Busted?" He asked Sherlock in what he clearly thought was his best let-me-off-the-hook voice.
turning to look at the door. Sherlock stood there bold as brass, his cheeks barely flushed with pink, his eyes dark and angry. His coat collar turned up and his eyes flashing in the low light.
"You misunderstand me." Sherlock said softly, trying to be polite. John smirked.
"Thank you." He said again, letting his eyes close.
"I need
When they arrived to the overly large affair, John stayed close to Mycroft, the two of them looking down from the balcony at the happy pair celebrating their impending nuptials. John’s body vibrated with his emotion as he tried not to think about how happy Sherlock had been when they were preparing their own wedding and instead focused on surveying the room. His attention was drawn back to Sherlock however when he paused and looked straight up at John without so much as an ounce of hesitation. The feel of Sherlock’s eyes on him nearly shattered the mender completely and it was only his dedication to his Sire that kept him rooted in place. Sherlock’s attention was returned to James for a moment, when the shorter man returned to his intended’s side and spoke softly to him. Sherlock however turned his attention back to the mender and began making his way towards the pair on the balcony. As John realized Sherlock’s intended path he hesitated before stealing away down the hall and to the outside. Sherlock arrived on the spot just a moment after John disappeared around the corner and frowned as his brother turned to address him.
“How you turn a blind eye to the grandness you possess, continues to elude me,” Sherlock whispered against John’s skin, listening as the other moaned into the touch. “Your steadiness which has seen me through the chaos the likes of which I could never have guessed.” His nimble fingers undid the clasps and buttons pushing the Menders’ shirt and trousers to the floor. “Your steady aim that saved my life when Jeffery Hope was going to try to kill me.” His lips trailed down the Mender’s arm and back up, his words soft and reverent against his skin. “You who can commune with plants and nature in ways most of our kind have forgotten.” Down the other arm and back, “Who can find the smallest of clues and build a picture even I cannot see.” Kisses trailing down the Mender’s chest, forcing him to sit and then lie back on the bed. “Who suffered an unending tide of darkness and yet remained more loyalty to me than any ever has.” Down his legs, pausing to caress and nip at his thighs. “You, my John, have stood in the fire, nearly been consumed by the hatred of others, and yet are the most tender and loving being I have ever known.” He slowly made his way back up, meeting his loves gaze and enjoying the way John’s eyes were dark with desire. He leaned down and claimed the Mender’s mouth, diving in to explore his mouth before pulling away.
"When we drank the wine we became overwhelmed with lust. Due to our proximity he and I shared a kiss, no more. Only a simple kiss," He said eagerly as if defending himself and John, Elizabeth shushing him and rubbing her hand soothingly over his back. "He caught himself promptly and informed me he should return to your manor. Then he simply left. I have not seen him since." He looked distressed, wringing his hands before looking up at them and feigning terror. "Are you saying he did not return home?" He grabbed Elizabeth's hands as she became concerned as well.
-No sign of trauma to the body, no struggle.
"You bastard! You complete and utter ass!" John shouted, but his voice was muffled against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock slowly, tentatively wrapped his arms around John, sighing with relief when he didn't pull away. "Why did you do this to me?! WHY?!"
"There is no need to fight it." Mycroft assured him. "I have been distant with you in order to try to persuade you to remove your feelings from me. You have proven to me that I cannot do so. Therefore it would be simpler for me to concede that I love you than to continue this torturous charade."
They arrived at the small cottage, which from the look of it was miles away from anyone else and Sherlock ushered John inside. John stood just inside the door way with his arms crossed until Sherlock finally stopped making trips to the car and locked the door. His attention fell again on the single black suitcase that Sherlock had brought along. It was their overnight bag, which meant it could successfully hold two changes of clothes each and half a suit case of whatever insane things Sherlock thought he needed.
