Dean stared at those blue eyes. His shouting trailed off into muttering as the voice said, “Breathe with me. Okay? In, out. In, out.”
“He…” Dean licked his lips. “He saw the uh—he saw Cas’s death. I think that’s why…”
“A pipe busted open at my school!”
“Oh. The right time? Is that what you call it?” Claire sneered. “So by your definition, the ‘right time’ was for Sam to mention it on the phone to Jody like he was just talking about the weather?”
It’s been like this since the John incident two days ago: Dean tiptoeing awkwardly around Cas out of guilt and embarrassment, while Cas looks downright uncomfortable in Dean’s presence.
“You’re anything but stagnant, Dean.”
as he told his numb legs to just get up and
“What could you possibly say?” Cas’ breath hitches, and somehow Dean can hear it despite the chaos around them. “How could you possibly make this better?”
“You’re good at this,” Cas says, voice murmured and sleepy.
“You mean that you’re better?”
“Hello, Lisa.” Castiel feels like something fuzzy is caught in his throat. “You have a craving for yogurt?”
The man bent over and picked up Dean by the collar of his shirt, face twisted in a rage that Dean successfully unleashed, his fist flying as he hit Dean over, and over, and over—
So, Sam gave Dean his wish. It made things more harmonious, anyway. He passed by the bathroom door and pretended he didn’t hear his brother sick on the floor. He ignored the coughing and subtle shaking that sometimes overcame Dean while they were riding in the Impala. He looked away when Dean cranked up the heat twice the temperature that he normally did.
Dean puts down his phone. Asks in a steady voice, “What?”
Sam was the only one who noticed him leave; Dean gave him a small wave before rounding the corner.
Opening his eyes, and steeling himself, Castiel forces out,
Today is for Cas. Cas, the friend who Dean has been avoiding lately because of his newly-discovered feelings for his best friend of 5 years. Cas, who showed up last weekend at his door with the saddest look on his face, asking what he did wrong to have Dean pull away from their friendship.
“I don’t think that’ll ever happen,” Castiel says honesty. “There’s too many books I want to read.”
Shaking his head, Castiel forces his voice to work enough to say, “Anna was just… delivering news from Heaven.”
i'll save my goodbyes until the end. for now, enjoy the chapter <3
“I dare you,” Sam offers.
Dean tilted his eyes toward the sky, following Cas’s gaze. He now saw the dome that surrounded and contained them. The storm clouds were pushing against it, flashing blue against the barrier. If Dean squinted, he could see tiny, spidery cracks forming, like ice cracking against the pressure.
A stand-off.
“Cas? Cas, wake up. You gotta wake up, why aren’t you—”
Dean reaches out to slowly slide the bourbon away from Castiel’s flailing arms. “And what makes you think that?”
“I’m…” Cas shook his head, understanding dawning on his face. “Dean?”
“It’s complicated,” Dean mutters at the hardwood panels.
“Chinese,” Dean deadpans. “Come on, guys, you’re killing prime kickball time.” He shuffles them out the door, shooting Castiel a wink before shutting the door behind them.
“Well, I’m full of surprises today,” Dean quips back, putting Baby into drive as Lisa buckles her seatbelt. “You had dinner yet?”
Castiel takes a step back, regretfully shaking his hand from Dean’s hold. “You’re compromising your connection with Lisa. I don’t think we should spend more time together until you collect yourself.”
“Do you know how to get out of the development?”
Castiel tries to form his lips into the words “I’m fine,” but he seems to have forgotten how to dictate his muscles to move, how to fire synapses and send signals to his body. How do humans do it, without any grace?
by the way, I wrote a companion piece to this fic on my tumblr.
passive aggressive? Do you think I wanna be this pissed off, Cas? Do you think I wanna be angry at you?” He jabs his fork in Cas’ direction. “
“It’s okay, man, I’m just giving you grief. Sammy has too many books anyway. What’s it called again?”
“It’s fine.” Cas’s voice is raspy. He holds Dean’s wrist in a weak fist. “Stop, Dean.”
“Well, why the hell aren’t we heading up to help?” Dean demanded.
but not the rest.
Dean would recognize that stationary anywhere; it’s the same light green as the first one he got on March 12th. “Are you my secret admirer?” he asks as he takes the note between his fingers.
When Castiel looks up, Dean is in front of him, cheeks flushed with joy and eyes sparkling. “No, but Lisa does.” He takes the bags from Cas, their hands brushing, and disappears into the kitchen.
“Explain later. Make it quick.”
“You know what they say, variety is the spice of life. But I get the feeling this isn’t the reason you called either.”
Taking in shuddering breaths, Alex looked up at Castiel with fear in his eyes. “It’s not—there’s something else,” he said. “I feel like I’m going crazy, and I know it’s probably just the stress of trying to process everything, but I keep seeing him.”
CW: Multiple mentions of suicide in this chapter
Dean looked him up and down, licking his lips as he finished swallowing. “You son of a bitch.”
“I only have three, you ass,” Castiel insisted as red flashing lights turned the corner and Dean started to stand up.
Dean grinned, inviting himself to the stool beside him. “Doctor.”
“We don’t have to play anymore, Dean, it’s okay—”
“I’m glad you didn’t,” he said, holding his glass steady while she poured. “As complex as our history is here, it still means everything to have a little paradise to come home to.”
“That’s what I’m here for,” Cas told him, standing up too. “You’ll let me know if you need anything.” He said it as a statement, waiting until Alex nodded before waving goodbye to send him off.
“So what’s good here?” Dean asked, snapping Cas out of his reverie.
The Impala roared along the highway, leaving the east coast in their rearview. As much as Dean wished they’d hit up Atlantic City while Sam still had the rabbit’s foot, it was nice to see his brother loosen up a bit, regardless of their gambling fortunes. And after Bela had taken off with their lotto winnings, they were due for a cash grab. Unfortunately, Dean had better luck at the pool table than the craps table, but it was better than nothing. Maybe he wouldn’t manage to say as much to Sam, but at this point he valued their time together more than money.
“But I do so love the drama.” Cas blinked, and his eyes shuttered black.
“Well, ‘speak’ is not really accurate, but I have studied it in a symbological context. Call it a hobby of mine.” He gestured behind him, and Dean looked up at the towering painting of an angel wielding a spear that hung behind his desk. He shrugged like Castiel understanding some niche, occult language made all the sense in the world.
He drowned out the anxious thoughts and whispered conversations and delved back into his notes. But his concentration was cut short again, this time the culprit being his phone. Anna’s number glowed on the screen, and he hurried to flip it open. “Hello?”
Leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, Dean interlaced his fingers. “I don’t know how much of a chance you stand at beating me at a drinking game, but I respect the confidence.”
The security guard waved them through, and they retraced their steps to the prep room from the day before. The main area was lined with shelves and drawers, stacked with documents and boxes. Dean figured there must be some kind of system, but it looked chaotic to him. The rest of the room was sectioned off according to purpose: restoration, photography, documentation. To the right was an area that was vaguely reminiscent of the high school science labs that Dean didn’t bother paying attention in, but this was clearly more advanced. A couple of technicians stood working around a ventilation tube that curled down from the ceiling, and beyond them Dean spotted Anna talking to a frantic man in a sweater.
Driving back to Bobby’s place from Salt Lake City was deafeningly quiet. Dean blasted music over the long stretches of monotonous highway, cranking it back up every time Sam tried to turn it down. The conversation that needed to happen hovered between them unspoken, Dean’s eyes glued to the road ahead.
Sniffling, Alex looked confused but nodded. “Sure…”
“Oh, I have every faith in your capabilities,” Castiel assured him. “But as long as it’s okay with you, I would like to stay and help. As much as I tried to convince Anna otherwise, I can’t help but feel like all of this has to do with me.”
“You know what I mean,” Dean said, thanking the bartender as she delivered their drinks. “But how are things at the museum?”
that had disappeared right before his eyes. His mouth opened and shut, but no words came out.
“Lead the way,” he said.
“If it’s a struggle for you, ‘Doctor’ will suffice,” Castiel said, and Dean swore there was the faintest hint of a smile at the corner of his lips.
“Yes. A security guard found Ezekiel a few days before that.”
“Actually yes, even if I know Scorpio behavior when I see it.”
Dean charged down the hallway, almost trampling a woman in a green coat walking the opposite way. He mumbled an apology, forging ahead to the elevator where he smashed the call button. To his relief, it opened right away, and he stepped inside, waiting for the doors to close before he pressed his palms to his eyes.
Conrad didn’t waste time arguing, and Dean followed right on his heels. The two of them sped down the hallway, and soon the open space of the gallery wasn’t far ahead. But Dean almost crashed again when Conrad ground to a halt, and Dean got his first look at his winning bet.
With a soft little smile, Castiel looked down at his hands. “I was just born with a rambling soul I suppose.”
They shut themselves up, standing straighter, and Dean saw that Castiel must have approached from around one of the partitions. He cleared his throat. “Uh, it’s just what we call suspects that have disappeared without a trace.”
“What we ultimately have to remember,” he concluded, flipping to the last page of his slides, “is that whether or not you regard these stories as factual or fictional, truth about the human experience emerges from any source of art. As we continue to engage with the text and its inspired works, we’re not looking to prove any kind of theological superiority. Instead, think about how these stories influence the world around us, think about the artistry used to craft such an undertaking.” He paused to let his words sink in, for the pens and keyboards to silence. “Great discussion today, everyone, don’t forget to keep an eye on the syllabus. Those project due dates will creep up on you.”
“Drop me off on the way—I’ll eat later.”
“What kind of homework do they have you doing?” Anna asked as Castiel sat down at his desk and pulled out a thick, tabbed binder. She swiveled back and forth in her chair while the printer chugged out its command.
He was disarmingly close, and if Dean wasn’t so overwhelmed by the haunting possibilities in front of him, he would have more time to be distracted by that. As it were, he puffed out his cheeks and released the breath. “Damn. That’s a lot of dead guys.”
He searched Castiel’s face for some kind of forgiveness, even if it meant he didn’t want him there anymore. But Castiel cocked his head to one side, sticking out his bottom lip. “Isn’t that just the sweetest thing?” he said. “Really just makes you want to cry, huh?”
He turned back to Dean, twisting the crowbar in his hands. “Looks like we’re gonna have to make some decisions, fast.”
“Karaoke round two. Will you promise?”
“I don’t, Dean. And neither should you.”
Once Anna had said her goodbyes and left for the day, Dean tentatively made himself at home in her chair. Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel watched him twiddle his thumbs, looking over all of the décor.
Frowning, Sam tried to sound reassuring. “We’re going to do the best we can to make sure everyone else stays safe. Do you have a list of the people involved with the show? If it includes the character they play, that would be great.”
The unexpected insight of the question hit Dean a little too close to home, and all he could do was laugh. He looked Dr. Novak up and down, re-evaluating his first impression. He supposed it was no surprise that someone with at least three degrees was intelligent, but the rawness of the question spoke to something deeper. “You can call me Dean,” he said at last, avoiding the question altogether.
“Be careful yourself, wherever you are.” He listened to the sound of Cas’s breathing for a second before the phone beeped and the call ended.
Despite having the luxury of both a home office and his desk at the museum, Castiel preferred to set up shop at Rocky’s after a long day. Of course, he never brought anything with him he was afraid of losing—it was next to impossible to bring something into the diner without it leaving dipped in grease. Still, armed with a cheap notebook and a copy of an article on Christian symbolism, he sat hunched over the counter, idly doodling in the margins as he read.
He checked his watch, scowling. It was a bit late to be traipsing out to the vineyard. Even though he’d taken the university gig closer to home, it was no paltry drive out to the countryside. Still, being nearer to his family, particularly his mother, had done wonders as he traversed this new Life After Winchesters. Having a wine business in the family didn’t hurt matters either.
“They all got dorky names like you?”
“I guess that’s it then,” she said, voice meek. “I thought, maybe…there was still a chance…”
Sam barely glanced up from his laptop, a half-eaten banana in his hand. “You want to go out on another case? I still haven’t caught up on sleep from Lincoln.”
Chewing on his lip, Cas inhaled deep through his nose. “Can I call you again if I run into trouble?” he asked, avoiding the question.
But the nurse just hummed brightly in the affirmative. “Do you want me to send them in?”
The look on Castiel’s face spurred him on; he was good enough to impress someone at least. They bounced through the next chorus together, the audience starting to clap along. For everything else that was surprising about Castiel, Dean half expected him to break out into masterful dance moves. But no, he was dorky and awkward, but he didn’t look like he knew any different, just inhabiting a world of his own as the music flowed through him.
“What is it?” he asked. “What happened?”
Dr. Novak dropped his head at that and slowed to a stop, turning to face him. “No, that’s not—” He took a breath, loosely crossing his arms. “Jonah and Ezekiel were friends of mine; Ezekiel was even here because I personally recommended him. For them both to turn up dead like this in the name of an exhibit that was my idea? Let’s just say it’s hard not let it weigh on my conscience.”
“Aced it.” Cas’s smile faltered, and he squeezed his eyes shut. When he opened them again, focusing in on Dean, there was a sheen of panic in the welling tears. “I’m glad you came back.”
“I love you too, darling, but let me take care of the dishes. I know you’ve got an email in your fingertips itching to be written.” She winked.
“Shoot.”
“I’ll keep an eye out for him,” Castiel assured her. “The agents are still here working the case; I’m sure we’re all in good hands.”
Dean laughed at how indignant Cas got. “You just seem like the type. Am I wrong?”
As the months slipped by, Dean tried desperately to keep Castiel’s voice in his head. It was so distinct, but the longer time went by without hearing it, it started to muddle in his memory. He’d made the intentional choice to give his number to Cas, but to not take Castiel’s in return. He knew the temptation would be too great. And through some unspoken pact, they’d avoided sharing any identifiable details in their messages. Dean knew that Castiel was teaching a literature class at a college, but he could have been anywhere from California to Maine. And Dean moved around so much that even if Cas had wanted to track him down, Dean wouldn’t be in one place long enough to find.
Sam nodded. “If he gets worried, just let Cas know I won’t touch anything.”
“Conrad?” a voice echoed.
Alex took a deep breath but then seemed to lose his nerve, shaking his head. “Nevermind, I should go. Thanks for the notes and everything.”
The two of them headed back into the hallway, Castiel pointing out the two remaining names on the list. “Hamon or Paschal. Try to find their display.”
He cried out, and the effort exacerbated the throbbing pain in his gut. When he tried to move, he noticed all the tubes and wires connecting him to machines around the bed.
Dean ducked his head again. “Brian May, yeah. From Queen.”
“I ran into him last night when I was looking for grub, and we got to talking for a little while.” Dean shrugged.
“And some women.” He stood up straight again, tugging down the hem of his sweater.
They stopped in Sundance, Wyoming for the night, picking up some grubby diner food and parking the Impala at a rest stop. Sam stretched his long legs out in the back seat, facing opposite Dean. Dean picked at the food in his uncharacteristic silence, the grease settling heavy in his stomach. The burger tasted bland, and he hated that he craved those cheese curds from the diner with Cas.
“Dean, I love you,” Dean, as it turned out, still wasn’t ready to hear it again, “I love you, and I will always love you. My love for you is the basis for most everything I did until I became Jack’s father, and even then I realized how little I wouldn’t do for you.”
“Dean, I….. I don’t...I’m a little out of my depth right now.”
“So long as we’re on the same page. And Sam?”
Now Sam smiled, slow and genuine. “I know she is.”
“You’re being stupid.”
“No. And that’s the scary part, Cas. I will never regret diving off that cliff so long as it’s with you. I’m bad at so many things, but sex isn’t one of them. And I know you well enough to predict what you’re gonna say. You’re thinking of telling me to not be afraid of this. You’re gonna reassure me that you’ll love me no matter what. And Cas, I know. I get it. I know that when we do have sex for the first time, it will be great. I know it because we love each other, and that’s all that matters. But that’s why I can’t do this right now, alright?”
Castiel looked like he was in overdrive. Dean continued.
“Can I kiss you now?”
Yeah, dangerous road. He had failed to protect the people he had loved the most. Sam was alive, certainly. But Dean was certain he’d had to fight to really
He couldn’t forget Jo, with the tough-as-nails attitude and reckless grin. She had been that grey line in the sand, the one who Dean tried and failed to
of the look on Castiel’s face. Cas’ eyes bore right through Dean, dark and full of heat, longing, and something Dean thought could have been
And Dean Winchester could do this. Had done this part thousands of times. Despite all his hang ups about love and his broken parts and rough edges, no one had ever accused him of being anything less than excellent at physical intimacy. Not Cassie, not Lisa, not a single partner in his long list of hookups.
Dean had brushed it off at the time. He always brushed it off. He had always brushed
“Sammy, lemme use your laptop,” Dean said. With his feet kicked up on the arm of Bobby’s couch, he motioned for Sam to bring it over.
that you have the ingenuity to succeed at whatever you decide to put your mind to.” He tapped the back of Dean’s hand with every syllable of the last few words, deciding in a split second to let his hand rest there at the close.
“Oh, come on,” Dean prodded, swatting Cas’s shoulder with the back of his hand. “Don’t tell me you’re
“No one lives forever, Cas,” Dean said, draining the last of his whiskey. “Might as well make it the ride of your life.”
“Is that what you want me to do, Dean? Just let you go?”
He slid it into the lock, shouldering it open as soon as it gave way. As he careened into the airy gallery, the first hints of the moon shone down through the skylights. His breath fogged the air.
Dean’s brain rushed to process Cas’s words, but they didn’t make sense.
“Of all the gin joints in all the towns…” a voice behind him said, trailing off as the speaker came into view. Castiel looked up to find the FBI man from earlier, dressed down in a sturdy leather jacket over flannel and jeans.
The end of the hallway was fast approaching and Castiel whispered a prayer just in case there was a god listening. Only four displays left. Three. Two. Then—
“Yeah, good, let me know when he finishes with that list.” He glanced at his watch. “I’m gonna try and catch the medical examiner, see if there’s anything else we can learn from the bodies.”
Dean got to his feet and hurried to the bathroom, skidding to a stop when he flung the door open. “Ah, fuck.” He recognized the green coat of the woman in the hallway—the demon’s ride in, apparently. Dean crouched down to check her pulse, relieved to find she was still breathing. But he returned his focus to Castiel, grabbing a handful of towels from above the toilet.
“Who you calling loud and boisterous?” Dean grinned. “It’ll be fun, like singing in the car.”
“Freddie really was an icon, wasn’t he?”
Sam watched him leave, then turned to Dean with a pointed question framed in the arch of his eyebrow. “What was that? ‘Cas?’”
“I’ve hardly managed it by myself,” she said after thanking him. She fetched a bottle opener while Castiel got out two glasses. “And even with the help it’s been hard, but…” She sighed. “Well, I know it’s supposed to belong to your father’s side of the family, but I couldn’t let it go.”
Sam scratched the back of his head, shifting his weight. “Useless. Museums are like Ghost City with all the spirits tied to important possessions.”
“You paint?” Dean asked, his eyes flitting down to Cas’s hand then back up.
“Awesome, keep me posted. Sam should be back any minute—hopefully he’s got something that’ll shed a little more light on this.”
Dean turned away, biting down hard on the inside of his cheek. “If there’s not a way to save me, then there’s no point. What I believe about myself aside, I can’t ask Cas to willingly board a sinking ship.”
Castiel laughed at the joke in spite of himself, clipping on his badge and grabbing his key ring. “Ask him how the weather is up there.”
The tears spilled over, and Alex brought one hand up to cover his face, trying to stifle it as best he could. “I’m sorry,” he choked out. He took a minute to compose himself, and when he was breathing normally, he said, “I’ll miss class on Thursday for his funeral.”
Sam squirmed in his Carhartt and ripped jeans, and a woman came up to them, not bothering to hide the patronizing sweeping look at Dean’s leather and plaid. “Is there something I can help you with?” she asked, voice pinched.
“Of course. I can email you the slides and the notes if you like, but take the time you need.” Castiel pulled a slip of paper from his pocket that he’d written some phone numbers and offices on before class just in case. “If you feel compelled to, there are several counselors on campus you can talk to about anything. And my office hours are always open.” He slid the paper on Alex’s desk.
Dean,
“Whether or not you believe the assertions of divine intelligence put forward by 17
With his things loaded up in her car, Castiel’s mother drove them out into the countryside, listening with rapt attention to his story. He made a few tweaks to the details, using thieves and muggers instead of ghosts and demons. But he told her about leaving the museum, writing his book, touring the country, meeting Dean. The look she gave him when he mentioned Dean for the first time was one he knew all too well.
The open invitation in the conversation was clear. All Dean had to do was offer.
“Incredible.”
But Cas reached out and set a hand on Dean’s forearm. “Hey, I don’t blame you for a second,” he said, pouring as much sincerity in his words as he could. And he did mean it. “I can’t say touring the lecture circuit is my true calling, but getting away from the museum has let me devote so much more time to other things, get back to my own passions.” He laughed softly. “I painted something for the first time in years, and I’m writing a book.”
She gave him a gentle smile. “Unfortunately, you’re going to feel that way for quite a few days. The good news is, your surgery went perfectly, so with time you should make a full recovery.”
Castiel heard Dean say something under his breath that sounded like “Ramble on…” but he didn’t quite catch it. “What was that?”
Castiel smiled, not backing down. “See, here’s the rules. We take turns making assumptions about each other. If we make a statement that’s true, the other person drinks; if we make an assumption that’s wrong, then we drink. Make sense?”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Your dad?”
Clinking glass sounded from the kitchen, and he followed the noise through the living room to find his mother standing on her tiptoes to fetch a bottle from the top shelf of a cabinet. He hurried over and grabbed it for her.
buy it, I guess I just don’t see how all the pieces fit yet. Sure, ghosts are crazy bastards sometimes, but—”
Blushing, Castiel ran a hand through his hair. “I mean, maybe, but how am I supposed to continue the conversation when I feel like such an idiot?”
“Hey,” he said, elbowing Dean, “is that the guy from the museum?”
“Some demon tracked me down,” Dean said, looking around like any of the bystanders flocking to see the ruckus might be its new host. Chances were high; it seemed to like a show. “Cas got hurt.”
Dean nodded and set off to the task, taking one side of the hall while Castiel took the other. Cas could almost hear a clock ticking down in the back of his mind. Chewing his lip, he jumped from one case to the next, trying not to think about the brawl in the gallery.
Dean set the coffee on his desk along with a granola bar. “You know, once you finish that list, you don’t have to stick around. Sam and I, we can handle this.”
“Looks like it was burned into their skin, yeah.” Sam squinched his brow. “I’ve been wracking my brain, but I don’t think I’ve seen this before.”
“When we put the saint to rest, you said his spirit was tied to his remains. If Alex’s father was just buried, he’s barely even begun to decay. It’s still just…his whole body.”
“It’s not that simple,” Dean muttered. He logged into his email account, heart pounding at the handful of notifications. He scanned through, dismissing the spam, and bit the inside of his lip at the sight of a reply from cnovak04. He flicked his eyes up to Bobby, but the man had already turned back to his project, paying Dean no mind.
“Like I was stabbed,” he said plainly.
“Would you rather have me breathing down your neck?”
From there, they fell into an easy rapport, bantering back and forth like they hadn’t met only hours ago. Dean even offered him the last few cheese curds, which Castiel got the impression that that put him in a select group of individuals. Soon, over an hour had passed and most of the dinner crowd started to clear out.
“Well, listen,” Cas went on, “I’m guessing you’ll be busy for a while, but if you have time, you should stop by the hotel bar this evening. We can catch up.”
Or rather, die for.
“I read your email,” Cas said gently. “For one, I just wanted to thank you for sharing that with me. I appreciate your openness and honesty. Secondly, if there’s anything I can do for you, don’t hesitate to ask.”
“Not fulfilling the badassery vibe for you?” Dean asked, readjusting his shirt. “Why, you got any?”
“Maybe tonight it does.”
“Yes, goodbye, Dean.” He hung up and hugged the phone against his chest, mind flitting between a strange euphoria and an eerie restlessness. Hearing Dean’s voice again, even talking about business, made him feel lighter, happier. He knew that he missed him, but he didn’t realize how much until he sounded so far away.
“That sounds lonely.”
“You ever think about staying in a hotel where the sheet thread count is at least in the triple digits?” Dean said, tossing his bag on to the bed nearest the door.
“Right…” Dean forced out an anxious laugh. “Anyway, you remember my partner--Agent May. He has a couple questions we were hoping you could answer.”
“Wow…” Dean said, finding himself a little lost for words.
His mother let out a little sigh, and her voice softened when she spoke next. “I always thought it hit you hardest when he left. The girls were too young to really remember, and your brothers liked to pretend nothing could hurt them. But you, my sweet boy…well, there are many reasons I will never forgive that man, but I can never forget the way you looked at me and asked why he left.”
“I’m down to two.” He shifted so he could take Dean’s hand and help him to his feet.
“Only if you leave,” Cas finished for him. The words fell on him like rain. “You didn’t come to check on me, you came to say goodbye.”
Without saying a word, Dean took his arm back, but he lifted it to Cas’s shoulder and clasped it firmly, letting everything he wanted to say pass through that touch. Castiel tried to read it as best he could, but it was gone too soon, Dean’s back to him as he walked out of the room.
Dean willed himself to say something--comment on the weather, banter about sports, discuss the news, disparage politicians—anything to keep it from feeling like the conversation was ending. But his mouth was dry, and all he could manage was: “Yeah, same.”
“We’ll see about that.” He caught her up on the response-less email string, the drunk message, and Dean’s brief but timely response. “So? Better or worse than bees?”
“There’s just one person we haven’t managed to call,” Cas said. “Anna has a bad feeling.”
When we talked about our parents, I told you about my mother. I hadn’t seen her in a long time, but I’m sitting in my old bedroom as I type this. I spent too long running from home when she was here with open arms all along. That was a blessing I took for granted. I know you don’t have the same opportunity, but I can tell you’re running from something too. Just don’t forget that you have people to fight for you; don’t take that support for granted.
If you’re wondering what I lied about, I’m writing this correspondence from my new (temporary) desk at a university. Yes, Professor Novak at your service. While I hoped not to return to a life tethered to a desk, I needed the money, and they offered me the opportunity to work while I research my book. I’m teaching a religions course for the summer quarter. If you ever change your mind about giving it the old college try, I’d be happy to have you.
When it was blissfully over with, Cas motioned for Dean to make their way up to the front. The woman announced their names, and Dean made to take a position in front of one of the microphone stands. But Cas intervened, taking him by the shoulders and turning him around so he couldn’t see the screen. “It’s a surprise,” Cas told him, “I can take the first part, then you can come in later.”
Anna silenced him with a hand on his forearm, then folded him into a quick hug. “Go on your tour; I can handle Twenty Questions with the May pole.”
Dean pulled into the parking lot of the hotel hosting the conference, and as they stepped out he grinned. “See,
His vision went fuzzy, and he slumped to the ground. Dean’s voice sounded miles away as he shouted his name. The chilly air braced his lungs, and he fought against the urge to pass out. Another pair of thundering footsteps approached from the other side, and he could make out the shape of Sam swinging his crowbar like a knight wielding a sword.
Cas laid out on the bed, his arm under his head. “That’s the other thing. You told me before that being trapped in limbo so long is what drove Hamon to violence. If Alex’s father has only been dead a matter of days, isn’t it possible he doesn’t mean Alex any harm?”
the label. Deep down, he knew that was ridiculous, and he knew he didn’t need a label to make his feelings real. But he still envied people like Cas, who could so confidently and without fear speak who they were.
“Cas…” and that was all Dean was capable of saying now, all that he was reduced to a single name.
Instead of answering Dean snapped a picture of Cas before running back out, leaving Sam and Cas mystefied.
“Ok” Dean's voice was deeper than usual,”Cas you’re my friend, and I care about you which is why I'm telling you this” he laughed sourly.
Seizing the moment Cas slid his hand up Deans arm onto his face. His fingers stroked Dean's cheek bone for a minute. Then he softly placed his lips onto Deans. Dean folded into the kiss and relished every second of it. The tender passion was enough to reduce Dean to a quivering mess on the floor but he held himself together and softly ruffled Cas’ hair.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye” Dean could barely get the words out and they were toneless as Dean grappled with the enormity of what Cas was saying.
Dean's mind was racing. Searching for a way to get out of the hopeless situation Billie had trapped them in.
Cas moves his face up and gently pressed his lips to Dean's forehead.
“Cas” He groaned.
The expression on her face was closely guarded but there was a trace of fear betraying the fact that The Empty could easily kill Death if they chose.
All their movements where slow and calculated each making sure the other was comfortable.
“There is, there’s one thing strong enough to stop her.” Castiel was committed to the plan now, there was no going back.
“You two sleep well then?”
Dean rolled over to face Cas, his emerald green eyes centimetres away from Cas’. Dean closed the distance resting his heated forehead on Cas’ cool one.
“I love you”
It had been two days since the last text from Cas, saying that he had managed to drop the angels from his tail and might manage to make it back.
But Cas had something else on his mind, “Actually I wanted to ask you something…about Dean” Sam was slightly mystified at that.
As Dean made an omelette for them - one of the things he had learnt to cook while in the bunker, he hummed along to the music playing on the radio but was so tired he barely noticed what was playing.
“Not funny”.
“Woah,Woah,Woah.No need to get reckless” Dean's heart was beating a frenzy and his throat was thick with worry.
“Dean you’re shaking”
“Fine, I’ll wash my hands before we eat.”
Cas narrowed his eyes.
For the rest of the night Dean lay in a peaceful dreamless sleep, something he hadn’t had for weeks and the whole time Cas gazes fondly down at him.
Dean knew what The Empty wanted and he also knew there was no way he was letting them get it.
“Nonsense Dean” Cas said in his usual angelic manner but his eyes were twinkling at the look on Dean's face.
Realising the problem Dean jumped up and offered some of his own clothes.
“Everybody’s gonna die Cas, everybody, I can’t stop it.” His words were full of despair and regret. “She’s gonna get through that door.”
He was racking his brains but before he could answer there were running footsteps and Dean high-tailed it through the door, apparently burgerless.
Cas had been forgotten about and appeared to be stuck under the large corpse. It took both Sam and Dean to heave the gigantic form off and Dean couldn't help but laugh at the sodden form of Cas which was covered head to foot in blood and ooze.
“Goodbye Dean” his voice was low and his eyes acknowledged his fate.
Half an hour previously he had excitedly announced that he was going to get them a tree for Christmas and neither Sam or Cas had dared to disagree.
“Take off the damn trench coat” Dean smirked slightly before closing his eyes.
He reached up to his face dabbing his fingers on the moisture but when he pulled them away there was red blood dribbling down them.
“Honestly get a room you two” Sam muttered as he tried to manoeuvre the Christmas tree down the stairs.
“Dean”
Getting his bearing he realised he was standing in front of the tree.
Deciding to be even more blunt than before Cas raised his voice,
“What are you talking about, man?” Dean couldn’t understand what Cas was going to say that was so life changing.
“I know, I know how you see yourself Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you, you’re destructive and you’re angry, you’re broken, you’re daddy’s blunt instrument and you think that hate and anger that’s what drives you, that’s who you are, it’s not..”
Tenderly touching it Cas healed the cut with a shimmer of grace.
“Oh sorry you go first”
“So who's still hungry?”
“You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of hell, knowing you had changed me. Because you cared, I cared, I cared about you, I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack, I cared about the whole world because of you. You changed me Dean.”
Rolling his eyes in disgust Cas disappeared landing silently in the back of a certain car. He was quiet for a few seconds before clearing his throat. The car violently swerved and Dean cursed loudly.
“Oooh that tickles!” Giggled Dean grinning at Cas.
Morning came both too soon and not soon enough.
In the calm that followed the last decapitation Dean was only concerned with one thing;
“Why are you telling me this now?” Dean didn’t want to believe that Cas would do something so stupid.
Billies fist smashed at the door with vengeful fury. She was dying but she was going to make sure Dean and Cas came with her.
They had been busy with a hunt all week and had only consumed stale nachos and beer so were in dire need of a supply run.
“Are you sure?” Dean nodded and shakily moved over in the bed.
“Sam.” He faltered, “as you know Dean and I share a profound bond. This means I sometimes hear Dean's prayers even when he is not aware of them himself, when he’s dreaming for instance.”
But he had forgotten how well angels could hear, “Why would we need a room? I don’t sleep.”
A wash of warmth spread over Dean's body. It was like nothing he had felt before and he couldn’t place it before realising it was safety.
Outside Sam walked past the window, glanced in and wisely stayed away, smiling to himself.
The ugly brute of a vamp was first to attack, lumbering forward at Dean who almost dodged out of the way but smashed into the bedside table, The other vampires tried to use numbers to beat Sam but the motel was too small to give them a clear advantage.
Although the room still had bodies in the corner and traces of blood on the walls, there were clean sheets on the bed Dean was sitting on. Castiel awkwardly shuffled over keenly aware of the lack of clothing.
The first time he heard Dean yell for Cas he had rushed in and woke Dean up but Dean had growled at him and sternly told Sam to leave him alone so he hadn’t dared mention it since.
“Good. If you do it to excess, I
“Cas-,” he cleared his throat, “I don’t know how to be all that.”
“Dean, you don’t need to apologize for anything. You apologized in Purgatory and I think I made my acceptance clear the last time we saw each other.”
“Ah ah-,”
Cas affixed him with a glare that could probably knock John Winchester unconscious.
As it turned out, Cas had a solution.
“Consider me convinced. But if it was good, why’d you stop?”
Dean’s gun still firmly squared at the thing’s head, it spoke.
Dean leaned back in his chair and looked up at Sam with a superior gaze. Sam’s bitch face was notorious, but few seemed to know who he learned it from.
Dean gaped in confusion.
Those familiar eyes rolled heavenward in equally familiar exasperation and Dean wanted to shoot the fucker dead for it.
Their lips met again, and Dean remembered exactly why he’d had to pull back in the first place. But he had just made a promise, and he did his best to seal it one of the best ways he knew how to.
Dean grinned then.
Good things do happen.
“119. You’ve died 119 times, Dean,” as soon as Cas noticed Dean’s mouth opening to respond, a rush of words, clipped like feathers with the force of missiles behind them, came out of his own, “No. If you say ‘cool’ or ‘awesome’ or brag about your number of mortalities being higher than Sam’s like you are doubtless about to do, I will punch you.”
“Dean,” the angel’s hand came up to cradle one of his cheeks.
There was no accusation in Cas’ face, just forgiveness and mirth. Yet Dean flinched at the reminder of Castiel, homeless, hungry, and human with heaven’s holy wrath on his head. And Dean had kicked him out with no real protest. Cas had forgiven him, and said he understood Dean’s decision, but that didn’t make it alright.
Anyways, enjoy this follow-up. As usual, it’s un-beta’d because yours truly just wrapped this up at 2:00 AM and lacks a little thing called patience :)
A distant part of Dean registered the bunker door opening and closing. A distant part of Dean wished his brother a good night as he left to meet the best person in his life.
“I love you.” He whispered in adoration, at odds with the heat he was feeling in his blood.
“I love you.”
Dean remembered that he had woken up that night, which felt like centuries ago, and found that Cas had stayed with him. Dean had drifted off, and Cas had still been in that exact position when he had awoken: his head tilted back, his eyes fixed on the stars.
Castiel as much as he did right then. There was something about knowing they’d moved beyond just being, something so potent in the having.
And there, on aching knees on the bunker floor, with tears falling freely on jacket sleeves and coat lapels, folded into each other like wings, Dean Winchester finally said three words that resurrected them both.
“And?”
“Been through what?”
Dean pulled back just enough to gape at the smug expression on Cas’ face.
Across from him, Sam had looked both extraordinarily uncomfortable and surprisingly not-confused. Dean had sensed that it would be pointless to ask, so he’d just opted to shrug it off and suggest they play chess.
“No, Dean. Look, if you want to apologize again, I’m not going to stop you. But I forgave you long ago, just like you’ve forgiven me even when I hadn’t earned it. Because sometimes that’s what you do when you love someone else. And you know full well that I understand people far better than I did when we met. After all, I was one of you for a time.”
“Dean,” Cas said through a sound of amused annoyance, “don’t be stupid.”
Sam’s voice chimed inside his head, a reassurance of
Dean was intent on taking his time, making good on his romantic reputation. His tongue swiped along the seam of Cas’ lips. Castiel gasped and opened his mouth, drinking in this newfound addiction.
And then Dean was kissing him again, hard. There was definite
to forget. But he couldn’t forget.
Sam nodded.
“Oh,” Cas intoned with exaggerated innocence, “nothing at all.”
Dean took the liberty of responding, “You died for the first time when you were stabbed. You got struck by lightning at some point. Number three came when Roy and Walt shot us. Anna killed you once. Werewolf hunt took you out. So uh,” he paused, whiskey dimming his mental calculus, “six or seven? Hell if I know.”
Castiel follows her outstretched finger, pointing toward the door. Who he sees is completely different from the person he had been expecting.
Dean nods, looking as if he accomplished his goal. “Good. I’m glad.”
Dean drops his forehead against the counter and groans.
Castiel tilts his head up to share his smile. “Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel lifts his hands imploringly. “You have to trust me. What other choice do I have? To suddenly abandon Dean?”
“Noticed anything?” Charlie asks, shrugging her arm out of Dean’s grip.
Castiel can feel his nails pinching the flesh of his palms as his clasped hands squeeze together. “Demoted to what?” he asks.
Hearing Dean’s reaction, Jack’s puppy dog eyes turned toward him; Dean ignored it.
. I’m in love with you; a kind, intelligent, ineffable and enigmatic wonderful bone-headed man which happens to be you, so—”
“No. No way.” Dean wiped the back of his hand across his nose, shaking his head. “You have Eileen. You can’t leave her.”
“It’s… I’m Castiel. Cas.” He grabs onto Dean’s arms again, a lifeline as he feels himself tumble into panic.
Cas nods. The rain becomes more of a gentle pattering around them. “That was nice.”
“Is your mother all right?”
After he’s silent for a moment, Anna asks, “Castiel? What’s wrong?”
Dean walks quickly to the teacher’s lounge. It's dark and the blinds are pulled. Seeing no one, he goes to his classroom and peeks in the small slit of a window in the door; no one. He checks the garden in the back of the school, the bathrooms—he even walks down the street to poke his head into a nearby coffee shop, where he and Cas have gotten coffee before..
Castiel finds somewhere in himself a relaxed smile, and shares it with Dean. "Perfectly content."
Castiel says to Dean, “I don’t have to come if…”
Cas, clueless as always, asks, “What do you mean?”
“Where are you from, Mr. Cas?”
Castiel heart freezes in his chest. He has to clear his throat around the lump that has formed before he says, "Yes, Dean, we can do that."
The wariness in Cas’ voice is completely dropped when he repeats, “Dean? Oh my god.”
With a sigh, Dean begins to walk away; has his foot on the step. By its own volition, Cas’ hand snatches out and grabs the hem of Dean’s shirt. Dean turns back, eyes questioningly downcast at Cas’ clenched fingers. Looks at Cas, who feels otherwise paralyzed.
(also, this chapter is split into two - hopefully it'll make sense why i did that while you're reading. so enjoy the extra long chapters!)
. “I gotta be honest, man.” Dean leans back in his chair and stretches. “It’s all too political for me.”
Sam sits in the plastic chair next to Castiel’s. “He’s stable. A few broken ribs, concussion… nothing too serious, though. They’re going to keep him overnight for observation.”
“Why didn’t he tell me any of this,” Dean grits out, fists clenching his knees. “I could have helped him. I could have tried harder with Lisa.”
“This is just getting ridiculous,” Dean groans into the counter. He yelps when he feels something smack the back of his ass.
“It’s fine,” Dean said gruffly.
Cas has known this man for a good part of a decade, and yet at times, it feels uncomfortable to be in a room with him; especially now, as a human. His skin prickles, his heart-rate rises. When he was an angel, and his vessel reacted in such a way, he simply suppressed it. There’s not much he can do to combat it now, as he slowly lowers himself onto a bar stool at the kitchen island.
Jody took another bite, grimacing. “You know. When you get back to that bunker of yours, I’d put some angel warding up, if you haven’t already.”
“Or biking.”
“Get a fruit at least, Cas. Sam will kill me if you get scurvy during this case.”
There is a brief silence in the break room as Charlie chews on her sandwich, Castiel on his thoughts.
“Whoa hey, Cas, relax,” Dean says, grabbing his shoulders. “The point is it didn’t happen. I’m fine, and you don’t have to start up the martyr routine for something that didn’t happen.”
“Might be an inside kind of job,” Dean said. “Gabe can look for it while we’re in there. How’s the whole, uh…” he waved a hand aimlessly, “other body stuff gonna work?”
The kitchen was quieter, with Eileen’s voice reduced to a murmur through the walls. Alone, he rested his hands on the countertop, breathing out sharply through his nose. He half expected Cas’s voice to chime in and tell him he was doing it wrong—but that scratchy, deep voice stayed silent.
“I don’t know. Get out your gun, either way. We don’t know what’ll be effective on this thing.”
The Empty howled, closer this time. Dean stumbled out of the field and onto a road, his feet landing onto the raised concrete. He scanned the blank, grey horizon.
thing I say,” Gabriel snapped, straining against the substance enveloping him.
“Jack—no.”
“I am happy.”
Dean grins. He reaches up to tap Cas’ nose. “Yeah, that’s why it was a good one.”
“But I’m right, aren’t I?” Dean demanded. “Everything is backwards here. Even the matter. And if anything that
The doorbell rings after Dean places the last pizza in the oven to cook; Mary greets Sam and presumably Jess at the door with open arms and a wide smile. Sam enters the kitchen, and Dean proceeds to wildly tousle Sam’s hair and gripe at him for telling Mary about Dean’s soulmate problem. Sam pushes Dean off and awkwardly looks at Castiel sitting at the table, giving a small wave.
"I got you from all that trying, didn't I?" Dean asks with a grin. His expression sobering, he says, "And until she remembers you, we can still visit her, you know. We can go see if she's okay."
“Dean,” Sam said. “Dean, did you do it? Is Hell closed? What the hell is happening?”
“Well you were looking for Cas, right?” Dean asked. “Did you find out how to get to him? Is he awake, like everyone else?”
“After the incident, they erased her memories. Her memories of me, specifically.”
Castiel resists the urge to roll his eyes. As far as angels went, he considers Gadreel a mindless foot soldier that rarely displayed ‘nice’ tendencies.
He does; Cas lightly brushes a finger over the skin around his multicolored eye. “It’s healing faster than at a human rate. I still have some grace left. It looks worse than it is.”
On his left is Cas. He’s looking out into the distance. There’s a sunset bowing into the horizon. Something is strange about it, but Dean can’t put his finger on it.
“His ex-boyfriend. They split up about a year ago.”
“Where are you going?” Cas asks exasperatedly.
“Oh, so
Castiel nods, wondering how this pertains to him.
“They arrested all the guys that attacked him,” Sam says. He huffs a laugh. “Although the majority of them had to be hospitalized, too, after the number you did on them.”
Anna squints at the lettering. “’Lisa Braeden,’” she reads, “’failed soulmate connection with Dean Winchester.’” She stares at Castiel incredulously. “You have to be a
he’s got PTSD, Dean had ranted to Sam later on the drive home. He didn’t need a professional to tell him that. All their friends were dying or dead, and he saw his mother burning on a ceiling when he was four, for shit’s sake. He was a walking basket case—he
Sam climbed into the covers next to him and pressed into his side, patting Dean’s head for comfort like Dean did whenever Sam was sad. “It’ll be okay, Dean,” Sam said, not knowing what the hell he was promising.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Promises, promises,” Dean replied through clenched teeth.
“Nah, just that… you can’t live very far from here, then?”
“Nothing’s bothering me. I’m great.”
Dean turns the page to where the spine is most bent. The pages are especially creased in this section and have a weird scratchy feel to them that the rest of the pages don’t, making Dean wonder if Cas or Sam had accidentally splashed water on this particular page. But then his eyes wander to where the words are underlined, circled, highlighted, and his breath stutters.
He glared at it. Hesitated only a moment before suddenly springing up onto the railing, standing on the top, feet precariously toeing the edge.
“Clearly, since you shoved us together for this case.”
Dean shakes his head. Holds up a hand. “Nope.”
be. But it’s only a guess.”
“Cas, whoa, slow down.” Sam puts a hand on his shoulder again, pulls him to face him. “These guys that attacked Dean aren’t even an alt-right group that was contacting him with those death threats. It was a completely random attack. They saw Dean go into the building and they impulsively decided to go in.” He looks imploringly at Castiel. “I don’t blame you, not even for a minute. And neither does Dean.”
“It was flirting, I’m an expert, and why the hell do you have a library in there? You really carry that thing around?”
“What else?” Cas manages to say.
Dean glares at his brother. “Sam,” he says, his tone a warning.
great, Cas, you know why? I can finally show you the town!”
“Uh, sure. Thanks, May.” With a wave, Dean firmly shuts the door and locks it for good measure.
"It's not important."
The trees quaked outside in the wind as moments bled into minutes, then hours.
“I’m doing what my grace is capable of,” Anna replies, evenly.
Dean snaps his gun to attention, holding it at chest-height. Cas mirrors him. They both stare, tense, waiting for their eyes to adjust, as the shape rises. To Dean’s eyes, it’s amorphous and hardly human—unless humans can have four limbs on either side of their body and no evidence of a neck. It begins to move slowly, unnaturally toward them.
Cas and Dean sit shoulder-to-shoulder, staring at the front door.
Cas turned. His eyes were wide. “You made a room for me.”
“Dean—“
“Sure you don’t.” Crowley’s voice dripped with sarcasm. “And, here. Let me give you a little spoiler.” He reached over to pat Cas on the knee. “It only ends in heartbreak. You don’t think you have a heart for him to break. But he’ll find it. And he’ll break it.” Winking, Crowley clicked his tongue. “Keep that in mind, angel.”
Seeming to think on this for a long moment, Cas frowns down at his shoes. He finally nods. “I think that’d be okay.” He adds quickly, “If the offer still stands.”
Dean quirked a smile, teasing and fond. “What can we
Dean stands there and trepidly holds his washcloth in front of him.
“How do you
Dean scoffed behind a gulp of his whiskey.
love you all; till next time <3
Dean works at an elementary school, tucked into the bustling city of Lawrence. An expansive green field is wrapped around the modest building. Despite its small size, it is grand in its appearance. There are white-washed bricks lining the front entrance and vines not yet shriveled by the fall chill decoratively drape themselves over the Victorian windows. Castiel sees a path leading to a bare garden that is likely green and lush in the summer.
“Cas,” he murmured into his palms. “Are you—” He took a shaky breath. “Are you still there?”
Although only living with him for three-quarters of a month, Dean has become well familiar with his resident cupid’s noises that echo throughout the house. For instance: in the mornings, Castiel is dead quiet, not rising his grumpy ass from bed until Dean is done with his shower. In the evening, after they’ve cleaned and put away the dishes from dinner, Dean hears the occasional flip of a page on the other side of the couch, indicating that Cas is reading his book while Dean sips at a beer and watches the news. The walls, being cheaply thin as they are, help Dean to hear Cas restlessly toss and turn in his bed at night.
“The woman who managed the store insisted that this jacket would make me look successfully intimidating,” Cas declares.
Cas licks his dry lips and closes his eyes. "I was supposed to be watching over her, as I did everyday. I was
As Dean is trying to usher John inside to sober up, John makes eye contact with Castiel. “You,” he says, stumbling toward him. “You’re the cupid that Mary was talkin’ about.”
Castiel steps out into the warm air; the bell on the door that announces his departure is less obnoxious now. He unlocks his bike, adjusting the kickstand, wincing at the creak of the rust on the metal.
He wonders if she’s enjoying the cold weather now, with the promise of snow in the air.
“What note?”
(also, first grade teacher Dean is my weakness, Aurry and Lexi if you guys are reading this, you can attest to that)
Cas lets out a dry and harsh laugh. "She did; but I saved her. It's the reason why I was demoted, and why I was assigned to you. There's certain things that angels have the ability to do, but never should. More specifically, time travel.”
“Rick Johnson wouldn’t know a vamp if it literally bit him in the ass,” Dean growled. He opened the driver’s door to stick the keys in the ignition, only turning them enough to wake up the battery. Tank was half empty. He’d have to remember to stop in a few hours.
I hurt him, I basically tossed him aside like he wasn’t anything to me, when he’s... I just… left—” Cas scrubs his face, willing his voice not to break. “I can’t ever make up for it.”
It should have been Sam, that lost everything.
“I’ll take care of it,” John said to George, pushing him back by his shoulders. “I’ll take care of my boy, and you take care of yours. You got it?”
“You gotta run.” Gabriel turned to him, eyes wild. “I can take on whatever’s coming, but you need to hide. And
“Can make my own damn decisions,” John mutters, stumbling, with a great effort, to his feet. There is a flask in his hand. Dean snatches it from him and tucks it into his back jeans pocket.
“I was waiting for you.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you do,” Anna says with narrowed eyes.
“And something about today has made you feel more stuck than usual?”
Dean all but smacks his forehead. “
“I'll be right behind you, Dean-o," Gabriel said with a wink.
Castiel looks down at his hand; his palm is creased with dried-up blood. “I must have cut it while repairing the window,” he muses.
Dean holds up a middle finger in return. The door slams in Bob and May’s wake.
“If I had my grace, I could do something,” Cas mutters. His head lolls against his shoulders, like he’s trying to stay awake. “She’s vulnerable when she feeds. I could do something if I had my grace… my grace is…”
“I’ve been told that if one has a bad dream, taking a hot shower can help relax you.”
“If he gets my boy killed—” John growled.
The next few hours are filled with more fruitless research; it hurts Dean’s brain. He gets a few texts from Sam announcing that he and Jody have found nothing useful. Cas obviously told Sam about Dean’s attack last night, because he keeps fussing over how Dean feels, or if he’s okay.
a morning person. “I apologize,” says Castiel sincerely, “but you are my assignment now. I am supposed to accompany you in your day-to-day activities and observe you, so as to better help you with your soulmate connection problem.”
Cas nodded, standing. “I’ll leave you to it.”
my obnoxious cat is lying on my keyboard, so a quick message from him before we get started: 19083iokqlweagmsdma`'`ksadka
“You say that like I should feel sorry for you.”
“Well,
Sam’s concerned face slid in front of the open window. “Keep in touch.”
“I wasn’t excusing your father’s alcoholism, Dean, or his failures as a failure to you. I simply meant to say that I understand why his family’s absence has lead him to this. Without family, he needs ways to fill the void.”
Castiel self-consciously puts a hand over the lower half of his face.
Dean slowly looks up, frozen at those blue eyes drilling into him. “Huh?” he intelligently replies.
There was always time to tell me that Castiel was—” She broke off, her eyes wild with anger. “Did you even have a funeral for him? Say his last rites or whatever the fuck? Or were you waiting for the ‘right time’ to do that, too?”
Sam must have told her over the phone earlier. Dean’s chest tightened.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “I’d barf if I still had a gag reflex.”
Dean shook his head. “Look, man. What you gotta understand is that the Cas in the future was a sex-crazed horndog that liked to have orgies in his cabin. And he smelled like he hadn’t taken a bath since he was born,
He flops back onto his pillow, stares at the ceiling, and collects the facts.
Dean continues walking, not even sure if it’s the right way back to the car—he just needs to leave, needs to go drink and drive 300 miles away from this place or punch something—
“Dean, hey, wait a second.” Sam held onto his arm like a vice. “If you need a minute—”
For Dean, no matter what phase in his life, girls have always been a constant. Guys too, of course. They have their merits—and Dean knows those merits well. But there’s just something about a pretty girl that has never failed to cheer Dean up, even through the worst of times.
“Focus on me.” Dean presses his forehead to Cas’, takes his face in between his hands.  “Just focus on the good stuff. Like… remember that diner when Sam spilled that milkshake all over his lap?”
Cas’s voice chastised.
“He left and I don’t even know where he is. All I have is this goddamn note.” Dean’s hand goes to his left jeans pocket, patting it. Cas can hear the paper crackle. “It’s proof that I fucked up, Sam. So stop telling me it ain’t my fault.”
Dean scoffs. A good lesson for Cas, with all the self-sacrificing bullshit Dean’s almost had a heart attack over. He flips to another page.
Sitting next to Dean, Sam ran his hand across Miracle’s head. He frowned at the sun sleepily drooping in the horizon. “Whatever you find in there—whatever happens. If there’s a choice in there—a choice to either sacrifice yourself for Cas or
(i promise everything will turn out ok in this fic, even though it's a bit bleak at the moment)
A few months after Cas became human, Sam took Cas on a drive. He thought that it would maybe be good to get out of the bunker, away from Dean’s mother-henning, and breathe some fresh air. Sam could sense a tension in Cas building that he knew all too well: a tension that was ready to snap at any minute.
Dean pulled out the angel blade, holding it high. “All right, you bastard. Here’s how this is gonna play out. You’re gonna let Gabriel go. Give me Cas back. And in exchange, I’ll
Castiel pinches the bridge of his nose, eyes closed, and sighs. “Anna, how did you even get this cell phone number? I was lead to believe by Naomi that only she and a select group of cupids knew the number.”
of it all. He doesn’t want to see Dean’s anguish anymore. Doesn’t want to experience his own. He just wants to shut his eyes against the world.
Letting out a sigh, Dean unwound his arm from around Cas’s shoulders. Cas always looked past the veil of his jokes. It was unsettling.He studied his hands. “I’m not kidding myself or anything, Cas. I know you’re getting restless, that this isn’t enough. And you’re acclimating to being human and all, and—yeah. I know the next step here. I’m just… wonderin’ when I have to start preparing myself, I guess.”
Dean captures his lips into a kiss again. He rubs his thumbs gently against Cas’ cheekbones, resting his forehead against Cas’. “I mean it when I say that I love you, and I will take literally anything you have to offer,” Dean says, “because that’s enough, Cas. You’re enough. I mean it.”
Dean lifted his eyes to stare into Cas’s. There, he saw his future, embedded in the blue: a life where they were together. That whatever came their way, they could cut out their own corner of the world, tucked away from the dangers and horrors. That they could always come back to each other.
Lowering his hand, Castiel stares right into Dean’s earnest eyes. “You really want to know?”
Cas tosses his jacket onto the floor. “Nothing of importance. Maybe something about the victims. It’s hard to say.”
“No, no. The opposite. He came over drunk off his ass and hit Cas.
He moves his hand; it’s less difficult now that he tries; he’s stronger than he previously thought. He firmly takes Dean by the shoulder, pulling him forward.
Sam decided to leave when he saw Cas, tired and finally defenseless, tilt forward and rest his forehead against Dean’s chest, like Atlas bowing under the weight of the world.
[also, there's a sequel in the works for this particular verse. watch this space.]
The phone buzzed in his pocket thirty seconds later, but he didn’t take it out to read it. He knew what it would say.
“Yeah, he’s really something,” Dean says with a grin. He practically rocks back and forth on his heels with pride.
“It’s fine,” Sam said, dazed. It was the most emotion he’d ever seen out of Cas. "I think we should go home. What do you think?"
Castiel sits in the back of the classroom as promised, drawing as little attention to himself as possible. Inevitably, curious eyes peer around the desks to scrutinize him.
“Nah. I just picked it up off the shelf. Tried and true way of discovering a new book.”
you are most welcome)
Dean’s not even going to
“And I’m worried.”
Dean blinks at Cas, completely thrown. He knows that this conversation has more to do with John, but with his racing thoughts and anger pumping through his veins about Cas defending his dad in the first place, he can’t place what it is.
Cas said.
Sam, more of an avid tea drinker, takes his mug without hesitation. “We took your side, Mom, because Dad’s always been clearly in the wrong.”
Drumming his fingers against the counter, Sam nods. He takes a swig of his coffee. “So.”
“That Vetala or whatever-it-is is out there, Cas, we can’t just sleep and ignore it.”
Smiling, Jen flicked her cigarette of ash. “For some reason I just knew you needed the help. Don’t ask me why.” She wagged a non-threatening finger at him. “But you should beat it before I
“A Vetala,” Sam says on the phone in almost the same beat. “Remember Dad hunted one once? His journal had the measurements of teeth, from what I remember, and they were the same. Well, way smaller than a vampire’s, anyway. Do you have his journal with you?”
“Shit,” he whispered. It echoed, pinged and dashed across the stretched nothingness. Tense, Dean waited for a response. When none came, he let out a breath. He patted at his chest, feeling the same clothes he was wearing topside—even down to the gun he had tucked into his belt. He pulled it out to hold in front of him, even though he knew it was useless.
At Castiel’s nod, she asks, “Will Dean have a choice in this? If he doesn’t want to pair up with his soulmate in the end?” She looks at him imploringly. “Will he be able to keep his free will, when it comes down to it?”
Castiel gives him a side glance, looking just about as unconvinced as Dean feels before they pile into the car.
Dean stands over the couch and takes Cas’ arm, firmly shaking it. “Where the hell have you
“Just tell me where you’re at with the research,” Dean said around a mouthful of noodles. Miracle laid across his feet under the table with a small whine. Dean leaned down to scratch his ears.
“Can you get up?” Castiel hears. He looks at his legs, frowning when they betray him and don’t move. He feels Dean’s hands hook underneath either of his arms and hoist him into the house.
“It’s not your job to apologize for him,” Cas says, a note of that typical and uniquely Cas-like disapproval in his voice.
“Whatever. He wants to leave and hunt solo all this time? Then he’ll get the solo gig.” Dean yanks open Baby’s door; it creaks with protest. “Let’s go.”
“I’m not,” Sam protested, grabbing Dean’s hand like it’ll keep him there, a lifeline. “We’ll find another way. We’ll—”
Claire blinks. “Uh. Yeah?”
Dean filled his lungs through his nostrils. Burst the air from his lungs. It took a few tries, but eventually his breathing returned to a normal speed.
Cas leans against the bathroom door, rubbing an eye with the heel of his hand. “Thank you, Dean. I’ve helped fight alongside humans in wars, but cannot seem to make simple appliances function.”
In fact, he’s surprised that the alcohol had that much effect on him at all.
Looking between the broken pieces of cracker on the table and the whole one, Dean shook his head helplessly. Eileen turned the in-tact cracker over, eyebrows raised expectantly.
“And you’re saying that I haven’t
Dean hunts for sandwich materials and spreads them onto the counter. “When’s the last time you ate?” he asks.
in his hands but not turning the pages.
“Does it seem like the same monster as here?” Dean asks. Cas has somehow heard Sam down the line, because he’s approaching Dean tentatively, head bent, a file clutched in his hands. Dean clicks the volume up on the receiver.
The noise settled; the lights flickered back on. Jack stood, chest heaving, fists clenched. The light in his eyes faded out. With a hitched breath, Jack’s shoulders sagged.
“No, sweetcheeks,” Gabriel said, “like the real science-y stuff.”
alone,” Sam said with a grin. “We’ll come to Sioux Falls with you, help you find that portal. Besides, Jody’s been harassing me lately about not meeting Eileen yet. She’ll be thrilled.”
Dean had leaned on him, completely at ease, and Castiel felt so comfortable that he could have fallen asleep there, his head against Dean’s…
Castiel gives a small shrug. “There’s not much to discuss. We have existed for thousands of years, and I know everyone’s name. Each time a star explodes, another one of us is ‘born’, in human terms, so it is a bit hard to keep track of everyone.”
“My sister and her friends found it yesterday,” he said, “in the forest near here.”
“No shit,” Dean mutters.
that you’re just focused on one person, when there’s a bigger problem here. And I’m worried that, when push comes to shove, you won’t be able to help make the right decision here.”
“Sprained elbow, I think. Nothing serious.”
“The book I was reading. It wasn’t about gardening. It was about weeds.”
Dean sighs explosively, pinching the bridge of his nose between two fingers. “Fine. I didn’t want to go name-dropping, but. My full name’s Dean Winchester.”
Crossing her arms, Jody let out a whistle. “That’s not good.”
Briefly hanging his head, Sam sighed. “Okay, Dean.”
Dean had tried, a few times. He used to get bored after five minutes of staring and leave. Couldn't figure out why Cas liked it so much. But in the past couple of months, he found himself sitting much longer, lost in thought—sometimes even until the sun dipped past the infinite horizon.
Twilight settled lightly on the treetops when Dean decided to head into the forest. He spent nearly an hour on the phone with Sam, arguing about him going in alone, and another hour angrily texting Eileen. It was bad enough having Sam trying to act like a parent, but now he had Eileen as a pseudo-mom to boot.
that,” says Dean through gritted teeth. “You don’t think I know that? I just—” He pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs forcefully. Tells himself to not let it loose on his brother. “Let’s just get going already. Looking around this fucking neighborhood is a bust.”
“And no more wild goose chase hunts, either.”
jeered Chuck’s voice in his head.
Dean squeezes the wheel. The leather cracks under his palms. He takes a left turn out of the gated community.
“So, you’re saying, college isn’t important.”
“Well, go talk to her!”
“Cas,” Dean says. His voice is hoarse and small. The wind picks up around them.
“Yeah. Not my finest moment. And John was completely blindsided. I gave no indication of being unhappy, according to him.” She takes another grueling hot sip. “But I never kept him from you boys, not until the alcohol started inhibiting him. I always gave him full access, you remember, right?”
“I didn’t feel like I deserved it. Didn’t deserve you.”
Dean nods, slowly.
It’s heavier when he realizes that, as Dean sweet-talks his way into a date with a skeptical Lisa over the phone, Castiel will have to observe the date from afar and take notes. It was Heaven’s instruction, should a date happen; mainly, to see how the date goes and if there is enough of a connection for the mission to potentially be a success.
The credit card finally emancipated, Castiel hands it across the counter. He notes the dirt caked underneath the man’s fingernails as their hands brush. “I just began renting a house a few miles down the road. Just a week ago.”
He stopped praying to Cas seven weeks, five days, and one afternoon after Cas was taken. It hurt too much, not getting an answer—not knowing if his prayers were even landing anywhere. And with the voice in his head… at least
“I paid someone to do it,” Cas says with an eye-roll. “I do have resources.”
“Cas?”
“Don’t go there, Anna.”
“You take care of everyone, but you have to remember to take care of yourself.”
Grabbing the beer, the man stood, rolling his eyes. “You’re drunk.”
Dean pokes a fork at his scrambled eggs. “Uh, yeah. I think so.”
Cas shakes his head. He couldn’t even begin to explain the oddity of his and Faith’s conversation. Something about it made him feel… exposed. “I don’t think it’s nothing.”
Cas nods. His face twists into something determined. That’s the thing Dean always has loved about Cas—him giving his all into everything.
“I don’t care. I said—”
Cas reaches into the cupboard, looking for a mug, and dodges Dean’s question. “Are you feeling better?”
“Did Cas set him off somehow?” Sam asks.
“What are you working on?” Dean lets go of Castiel’s shoulders and trails around her desk to peer at the manuscript in front of her.
“If you say so.” She winks at Castiel.
The woman gasps. She tries more desperately to crane her neck around the door. “Oh, there’s more of you?”
Cas keeps staring at him. “You’re acting strange about this.”
“If I can help you, I want to do it,” Jack continued, his voice tightening, “and now that I have this power I should do something with it, I should help. You shouldn’t have to—”
The substance pulled at Dean’s arm, sucking him in until he was submerged to his shoulder. He yelled as the substance burned his skin, feet scrambling against the ground for purchase. It was pulling him in, further and further, half his chest submerged, until—
“How long is this whole rescue mission gonna take?” Sam asked. “Hours, weeks?”
Castiel gives him a strange look, probably about to say that he doesn’t understand that reference or something equally Cas-like. Instead, he tips the glass back into his mouth and swallows quickly.
of what will hurt you,” it hissed. “When the tear leaks my world onto yours and annihilates it, I’ll put you to sleep to feed on, and torture you until you’re
“No, Dean, he didn't die," Sam said. "I’ll get him. It’ll be fine. Let’s just get home." He called over his shoulder, “Cas? Are you okay?”
“What’s Heaven’s endgame for Dean?”
“It’s informative.”
Jody looked at Gabriel, an eyebrow raised. “I take it you’re an angel like Jack here is.”
“But there’s an opening,” another added. “You can walk a few feet in there. That’s where my sister saw it.”
Dean swiped at his eyes. “Fuck.” He punched at the tape deck, trying to turn the music louder. When his fingers fumbled, he slammed his fist against the dashboard. The cassette tape flung out of the deck, and he yanked it out, throwing it onto the passenger seat.
"Aw, gee, thanks." Winding an arm around Cas’ shoulders, Dean pulls him close and gives Faith the biggest shit-eating-grin that he can muster. “So, Faith, you spotted May yet?”
“That there was nothing in the world, and then there was something,” Eileen added.
Cas squeezes his eyes shut against the inevitable tidal wave of guilt. He came to this hunt with a very specific goal in mind: explain things to Dean. Try to right his wrongs. Now, after Dean made it very clear that he wants nothing to do with Cas’ explanations, it seems as if he never can.
“I don’t think it’s an angelic problem.”
he doesn't say.
also, everyone go look at the beginning of the fic at the banner that @malevolent-dean made for this story!! it's absolutely gorgeous. go give her lots of love.
Castiel sticks his foot between the door and its frame. “Why are you so resistant to the idea of Lisa Braeden being your soulmate?”
The notes have been non-stop since February. Every day, some secret admirer would leave a note tucked into the remains of a croissant, a coffee cup, a napkin holder—secret places that Charlie now found malicious glee searching for whenever she wiped down the tables.
Lisa fakes a shudder. “I could never do it,” she says, “Most of my meals have protein. The other yoga instructors I work with like to ‘eat clean’, which I guess involves eating no animal products whatsoever, but that would just make me more bitter towards life.”
It now seems to come to life under Cas’ hands.
Claire hooked up her Nintendo Switch and cajoled Cas to try and play it. Jack sat on the other side of him, eyes wide at the screen, full of questions (what’s the point of this game? Why are we all cartoon characters? Why is the music so loud?).
“I see.” Castiel feels his face stretch with the smile on his face. They stare at each other until the shop owner materializes down the aisle from them, asking them pointedly if they intend to buy anything, or would simply like to keep blocking traffic in the aisles.
“No, I—I heard you.” Dean puts down his fork. “I just. Why?”
“Jack,” Cas said firmly. He placed a hand on Jack’s arm, shaking his head. “Thank you for offering, but—don’t go down that road. You’re a child. It’s my job to take care of you; not the other way around. God or not.”
“Yes, Dean. Very much.” A beat passes. “No one has done this for me before. I find I don’t… hate the sensation.”
Sam watched his retreating back. He only allowed himself a moment of bone-deep, miserable worry before pushing open the book in front of him and continuing to read.
“In what? Our fake marriage? Whoop-dee-doo for me.”
4. we don't really know firmly what and who the monster is
“I don’t like this.”
Cas, who can’t help the fact that he’s smart and adorable and scrunches his nose endearingly when he’s confused—who can’t help the fact that Dean is hopelessly in love with him.
On Monday morning, when Castiel raises his head from his book, expecting to see Charlie for their afternoon coffee in the teacher’s lounge, he instead sees another red-headed friend land in the chair across from him.
“We’re never getting out of here,” Sam sighs. But he reluctantly passes Dean a small shoebox anyway.
Cas shrugs, and bags a few apples into a plastic bag. “It’s one of your rules, Dean. Don’t talk about the past year. Or the past at all, for that matter.”
, someone you could be happy with—just because of something that happened in the past.”
“You told me once that you love that memory of God creating the first flower. Which one was it again?”
“Cas.” Sam put a hand on Cas’ shoulder, giving him a steady look. “I think you know why.”
“Yup.”
Nevertheless, Dean suspects Cas likes to think he’s looking up at his old home anyway, when he sits out here in the cool night air.
Not even his pretty successful date with Lisa brings any light to the situation.
“This is what Dean and Sam always do,” Cas said. “Scope out the situation before making a move.”
“Yup. Best place in the world,” Dean says, holding open the door for Castiel.
“Like… uh… what?”
“I’ll take a page out of your creepy Stepford Wives book,” Dean says with a roll of his eyes.
“Three—” The events started to spill back into his brain—the Empty, Cas, the makeshift grace bomb. Wildly, Dean looked around the room, seeing that they were in one of Jody’s spare rooms. Dean’s duffel bag was scattered across the floor, the Sibelius CD he was listening to the night before he left sitting on the bedside table.
“—next room,” Sam finished for him. He smiled wide. “He woke up just a couple of minutes before you did.”
Not when your success with this mission is the only thing keeping me from ripping out your grace and banishing you to Earth myself.”
The group of four blinked at Dean in terror before slowly glancing at the shorter boy in the group. Clearly the leader, he asked, “Whaddaya want to know?”
“I will,” Cas says. If he’s scared, or nervous, or bothered that Dean is going first, he doesn’t show it. Dean creeps out into the hallway and slowly down the stairs, wincing at every subtle creak in the floor; he can feel Cas’ presence behind him. The only sound coming from downstairs is the heater switching on, and he can’t make out any shadows to give away the presence of anyone.
When Castiel gets to his car, his throat is already choked with unshed tears. He has no idea what the fuck just happened. All he knows is that he is overwhelmed and sad and wants to hide in his room the rest of his life.
Cas kisses Dean's neck hungrily, his teeth skating gently against Dean's skin as he travels down to his chest. "Cas," Dean gasps out, his fingers threading through Cas' dark hair.
Dean paused after he opened the diner door. The smell of coffee and baked goods rushed toward him, beckoning. The boys went completely quiet next to him, staring and waiting for his next move. With a frustrated sigh, he shut the door again, turning to the group.
Dean sputters. “You haven’t seen one romantic movie in your life? Or seen a freakin’ couple walking down the street?”
“He playing as Princess Peach?”
The radio had picked up another station from a nearby town as they passed through it—a classical station. Sibelius’s third symphony floated crackly and soft through the speakers. Dean tried to turn to another station; Cas swatted his hand away.
Dean considers all this, staring at his hands. When he looks up, he is startled to see that Cas is sitting beside him, a silent and steady force.
“What the hell is this?” Dean yelled above the shaking, holding out his hands to balance himself.
Taking the notebook gingerly, Castiel pockets it in his jeans pocket and begins to walk toward the door. Halfway to it, he turns and says hoarsely, “Claire’s memories…”
“I can only assume.” He shakes his head, the murmured conversation of angels milling around them giving him a sudden headache. “I used to be a guardian angel and it was my job to
Dean couldn’t help but soak in every one of Cas’s smiles, every laugh, every breath. He instructed himself to tamper down the worry of Cas being human, of just taking the win of Cas being alive and whole. He and Cas were never really alone—it was circumstantial, since everyone seemed to want Cas’s time to shower him with conversation (Sam) or teach him video games (Claire) or watch fun movies for hours (Jack). Dean never left Cas’s side for longer than strictly necessary, tagging along or hanging back on whatever Cas did, but he was secretly relieved. Being alone meant they had to talk about what happened in the Empty. Dean had a feeling it would turn into another argument—that it would make the other shoe drop.
plan?”
Visibly stiffening, Cas says, “I don’t wish to talk about it.”
next time?”). When they stopped at a gas station for fuel, Dean had bought Cas a bag of Cheetos to try and laughed as Cas’s face scrunched in horror at the taste. Sam had opted to stick to the back to research, only to fall asleep an hour later while Cas and Dean talked in soft, hushed tones. About Heaven. About the world. About anything.
Swallowing a fuzzy feeling in his throat and trying not to think too much that he just had his worst worries confirmed, Dean drums his fingers against his leg nervously as they walk toward the Impala. “Don’t worry, buddy. This whole Lisa thing will be done before you know it, and you can go about your business in Heaven.”
, about how much you love this,
The bungalow Cas rented is nestled between two cherry blossom trees. He feels like he’s read about it in a book somewhere. There’s a daily farmer’s market a mile away, with another empty and unrented bungalow in between. Apart from that, he’s alone but for the birds and fields and sunshine.
“You’re right, Sam. I did like her. So naturally, the next step is me getting down on one knee and saying I want to have her babies.”
Dean wakes up with a harsh gasp. It takes endless moments of harsh breathing against his pillow to get his heart rate to slow.
hey everyone! sorry about the delay on this chapter. it fought me. i have battle wounds. but we made up. sort of.
So he kept making meals for Cas, bringing him water, making sure he was getting all he needed—all the while avoiding the question in Cas’s eyes.
“Dean.
Dean plugs and unplugs a USB wire. “I’m working this shift after my day job, so I feel you. Apology accepted.”
Castiel falls back, exhausted by the simple act. He feels frustration roll through his chest but can only begin to close his eyes again. Dean is looking at him, silently, with shoulders tense and hunched but his face still sunny and smiling. It’s a dichotomy that Castiel can’t understand. Reaching out a hand, feeling strain at the simple motion, Castiel brushes his fingers against the dark circles under Dean’s eyes; ones that he doesn’t remember ever being there before.
Cas lifts his shoulders in a shrug. “I find myself becoming more used to the mornings, the longer I’m human.”
“Are we seriously all going to walk on eggshells about this?” Gabriel barked. “We’re really afraid to say the truth here? Just because good old Dean here might
what Heaven ordered, or what God ordered, or what you want to do to me—it’s not happening. So get out of this car, go back to Heaven, and leave me
“Well, I thought I would take you to all my favorite places. Because we seem to like the same stuff, so far. But feel free to holler if you see something you want to go to on the way.”
“Hunting, same as you.”
“That doesn’t sound like something Cas would say,” Sam said, straightening in his chair. “He’s your friend, Dean, and would do anything to help you. Even if it meant falling.”
“You don’t say.” Dean straightens the Impala and shifts gears. Tries to remain detached.
Cheeks coloring, Dean stutters, “Uh, well, the college route—it wasn’t for me. So that’s a negative.”
“It is.” His hand presses tighter against Dean’s skin. “Pulling you out of Hell. Being the first one to reach you. Seeing how… gorgeous your soul was.”
“What book are you reading? I haven’t seen you read a book in years.”
. He’s been gone for more than 12 hours.”
“I don’t care what you promised.” Sam gave a cursory wipe of his nose with his sleeve. “I know that Dean has to die to close the gates but—it’s not worth it, okay? You need to save him, Cas, please.”
“Just—come down okay?”
If he’s dead, then he’s lost and has no idea where he is.
May mirrors Bob, pocketing her weapon and standing. “We noticed that this monster tends to strike when there’s a large group of people. That’s why we’ve been putting on barbeques, parties, etcetera—anything to lure it out.”
After glaring at Castiel for another moment, Dean rises to his feet and grabs both their plates. He stalks to the sink and throws them in, making a startling shattering sound. Dean white-knuckles the sink, leaning over the basin. “Get out.”
that would only hurt Dean more. You need to stick it out, okay, Cas? Don’t push anything, just… be there. And when the hunt’s over, I’ll meet up with you guys, and we’ll straighten it out. Just don’t leave, okay?”
If they did, maybe there’d be more sleeping.
Something sucked up all the air in the room, made it thinner. Dean stared. Woodenly, he asked, “What do you mean, you couldn’t find him?”
“Which is why we’re keeping our eye out, and acting fast,” Bob says. He pulls open the front door; Cas can feel the night chill seep in across their floor. “We’ll meet you at the field, ten a.m. We can discuss strategy more then. And for God’s sakes, try to blend in.”
“Because I’m stuck,” Dean says before he can stop the words. He blinks at Cas, who doesn’t seem to have any reaction to that. “Yeah. I guess… I’m stuck.”
A bang exploded in Dean’s ears, a flash of white knocking both him and the Empty prone. The wind whipped wildly around them and Dean squinted against the blinding brightness. The light dimmed to a warm glow, revealing Gabriel, standing tall with his eyes burning silver.
Dean smiles down at the floor. He picks at a thread of carpet. “Remember when we made a pact to go to the same college?”
Cas resists rolling his eyes. “At any rate, I’m going to get him home.”
“Meaning now you can be on the tenure track?” At Cas’ nod, Dean laughs again. “Dude, that’s awesome! Remember how much you were freaking out about finding a job after grad school?”
“But this is all part of your master, overarching plan, isn’t it?” She tilts her head and smiles. “The reason why you’ve been so obedient about being Dean Winchester’s cupid is so that I reward your good behavior by giving you back your post as guardian angel to Claire Novak, isn’t it?”
Slowly, he raised his left hand. Carefully, he pressed it against his arm, just below his shoulder. “There was a blue light when Gabe was rooting around in my head, too. The same one. Right?”
“Yeah. Something’s off. I mean at first I thought it was because she was tryin’ to seduce you, which, may still be true, but… I dunno.” Dean shrugs. “I could be grasping at nothing.”
“No, no. That was advice for a different time. For the job thing I told you to shut up and have a drink.”
Cas frowns. “Do what?”
Dean rubs comforting circles into Cas’ back. "From Heaven?" When Cas is silent, he prods, "Is it about Claire? About how you won't get her memories back?"
“Why,” Dean grumbles, blearily accepting the clothes that Cas keeps shoving into his arms.
Cas nods; looks up at the ceiling. "I acted rashly, out of emotion. Twice. Not only did I fail to protect Claire when she needed me the most, I broke a cardinal rule and risked the lives of so many others to fix my mistake." Cas offers Dean a sad smile. "I think that I always knew that Naomi would keep me from Claire, in the end. That she would keep her memories of me, no matter what I did to pair you with Lisa. But I foolishly held onto the hope that if I followed the rules, Naomi would change her mind."
the entry reads,
,” he gasped out, pointing an accusatory finger at Gabriel, “flew like that on purpose.”
“It’s been busy!” Sam protested. “I meant to catch you up.”
“Then we’ll do that too.” His thumb travels up Cas’ face, carefully rubbing some moisture that’s gathered at the corner of Cas’ eye. “If it makes you happy, angel.”
And he only talks to Dean when a book is involved.
“Jesus, it was so goddamn ugly.”
“Oh.” Cas adjusts his bag on his shoulder. “Because you… want to hear my book suggestions?”
“And you tell me right away if anything doesn’t feel good. Got it?”
“Whatever makes you two stubborn idiots talk to each other,” Sam says with a gentle pat on Castiel’s back.
“Well, that’s something I guess.” Dean swings his legs around and sits up, leaning over the couch’s back. “What do you think about Faith?”
“What’s the evidence, Cas?” Sam asks.
“Did you sleep here all night?”
“I was simply reminded of my priorities.”
“All right.”
“So you burned that grace to just get me out, again. You sacrificed yourself just to have me live,
Chuck’s wide blue eyes stared up at him. He held up his hands, stuttering, “I—I don’t—”
—as their heavy breaths evened out.
Knowing full well the way Dean would react to the double entendre, “Dean, I wish you wouldn’t peg me under any circumstances.”
Cas’s hand stilled on Dean’s back. He let out a breath. “I still dream about the Empty. About my grace exploding, the tear growing bigger—not being able to stop it.”
Standing, he brushed the dirt off his jeans, and took the path down the hill towards the bunker.
“I’m.” Cas pressed his forehead against Dean’s bare chest, letting out a frustrated sigh. “I’m not used to this. Being human, aroused, waiting for….
“What kind of Stepford Wives hell did you bring me to?” Dean’s hand flings toward the idyllic neighborhood.
“Can someone just translate for the class?” Dean asked sharply.
Pretty girls have always been a constant in Dean’s life. But at the end of their date, when he drops Lisa back off at her apartment and kisses her softly, tasting the raspberry mixed drink she drank early, he feels no usual spark or flare of desire. While whispering goodnight to him, she looks at him with eyes deep and brown; all Dean can think about are piercing blue ones.
Bob has reverted back into his now-uncharacteristic polo shirt and khaki pants. With no one to observe them, they both have their shoulders hunched in and faces drawn in a glare, clashing noisily with their outfits.
Staring at him steadily, Cas begins, “I don’t—“
Cas is silent to the sudden change in topic. His eyes intently staring at Dean is the only indication that he is listening.
of that. Of Chuck saying there’s a fucking story I gotta follow—or that we gotta lose everything, sacrifice everything, that we can’t—that we can’t have—”
A frown crosses over Claire’s face, and she wonders how the hell he would know — but he seems so sure about it, that she doesn’t push it.
(See the end of the chapter for
he was doing, leaving Dean alone and grieving
from the goddamn yard and ask me to fix them. But they’re all lost causes, Dean. Everything you put your efforts into a lost cause—maybe there’s a connection, why everything you touch gets fucked up? Me, Benny, now your stupid attachment to this
Cas tucks his chin onto his chest and murmurs, “She doesn’t know me.”
“Hey,” Donna called, jabbing a finger in the air, “I worked
Dean grins. “I should say no, just to get back at you.”
Wiping his cheek with the back of his hand, Cas mirrors his smile in his soft, shy way. “Yeah. Give a child a home who needs it. Like Claire.”
He reluctantly leaves his comfortable seat behind and leans against the kitchen doorway as Dean pulls on his boots. “Where are you taking her tonight?” he ventures.
Fumbling for the whiskey bottle, he took a pull straight from the bottle, wiping his mouth with a shaky hand. He ignored his brother’s frown.
something, Cas was dying and he was just lying on the floor sobbing, useless, just
him!” Claire snapped, shrugging off Jody’s hand.
a special thanks also to my betas (Triss, Mine, Eli, @of-magic-and-monsters), as well as Lindsay (@shelikestv) for providing special efforts with this one. And, as always, thank you Heidi for letting me throw chapters at you, you forever patient soul.
“‘Cinderella: the complete Disney soundtrack’,” Cas reads.
“How did you mean it?”
leave.”
“I have a silver knife, in my pack,” Cas says, “and I know that it requires a twist of the knife to the heart. It will be… difficult.”
to be there. He’s not on Earth, you didn’t sense him on any other planes of existence—there’s literally nowhere else he could be. The Empty’s probably just hiding him. Right?”
Cas approaches him slowly. The map that the woman was flirting over is clutched in his hand. “Are you okay?”
“I’m thinking straight, believe me,” Dean says. “Straight to wanting to kill that bitch.”
“No, it doesn’t. Because you can have this. Have me.” Dean slipped his hand down to Cas’s, weaving their fingers together. Cas softly inhaled as their palms pressed, crossing an invisible boundary.
right,” Dean insists. “And then after you lose the first few people you actually give a damn about, you learn the rules.” He pushes his covers off him, as if preparing to leap from the bed for a fight, although his face is pale and drawn. “You learn that if you don’t put on the oxygen mask on yourself in case of a crash, you’ll be ganked in the end and can’t help anyone. If you look out for yourself, and help yourself, then no one has to get in the line of fire for you. And if you die, you die. You don’t let anyone do any sacrificial bullshit for you; it’ll only make your life worse. And their life, if they live through it.”
The commute to his current job, of course, would be an hour’s train ride, compounded with the fifteen minute drive to the station. His sister Anna called him last week to inform him that he was possibly having a mid-life crisis.
Their first stop is a used bookstore. It’s humble and dimly lit, with books filling it from floor to ceiling, messily stacked on top of each other. Castiel loses track of Dean for the next hour, completely immersed in his own world with cataloguing each book’s cover and title.
He knows he won’t be welcome. But something broken in Cas convinces him to pull the covers back on the other side of the bed, and crawl into the bed with Dean. He lays just inches away from where Dean’s face is smashed into the pillow. This close, he can see Dean’s eyelashes flutter, can see the small amount of drool that’s already gathered on the pillow. It sparks a warmth in Cas’ chest.
“Rebel,” Dean says, not able to help the grin stretching his face. “Why did you disobey?”
Dean gives Castiel a hard look before his features expertly smooth over. “That’s Mr. Cas, Alexa,” he replies. Gesturing to where Castiel sits, he instructs, “Say hello to Mr. Cas, kiddos.”
“So that black substance—” Sam began.
It begins to rain as they approach the car. Dean tumbles into the driver’s side, blinking away the wetness that’s attached to his eyelashes. He barely waits for Sam to shut his own door before careening out of the driveway.
He can’t even fight the smile that comes to his face when he remembers Cas pulling that damn bookshelf to the middle of the room, face alit with determination and his movements slightly wobbly because of the bourbon. “He’s not annoying at all,” he admits softly.
, you idiot, he can take care of himself without a human boyfriend fussing over him.”
“Resting.” Cas frowned, running a hand through his hair. “Gabriel said the separation went about as expected, so there’s nothing to worry about. It’s natural that Jack would be tired, losing all that power.”
Castiel fumbles with the mug in his hands, irrationally embarrassed. “Yes.”
’, all right,” Dean mutters.
Adjusting himself in the stool, he clears his throat. “I keep getting drawn back to one passage in particular,” Cas says. “‘The cost of a thing is the amount of what I call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.’ If you remember that quote.”
“What—” Cas let out a sharp breath, pulling back. “What can we do next? I...”
for fixing my grammar, dumb phrases, and for bouncing off ideas with me.
“’cause, I haven’t brought someone home like this in a while, you know? Well, possibly ever. And she’s nice, you know? She’s cute and the kind of girl you bring home to your parents. And I just… want to know what you think.”
“I know this move,” Dean murmured against Cas’s lips. “I
“Yeah, Cas, I get it.” Dean flinches when Cas pushes the bag of peas against his head. “What the hell, man?”
NOW NOBODY PANIC i am very sorry for the cliffhanger however two things a) this chapter got REALLY long and i had to split it up somewhere and b) there's a reason for cas not being in the empty (or is he??) it's a whole thing but he's safe!! he's okay!! - as much as someone can be in the empty lol - i promise. :)
Castiel blinks. Oh. And he got Dean to agree to a date with Lisa. Begrudgingly, he realizes that he should act fast to figure out when Lisa will be available, before Dean can take his promise back.
“A…” Dean’s throat feels dry. He clears it. “A shelter?”
He finally opens his eyes. They see right through Cas. “Don’t go.”
“Sam.” Dean’s voice hit the air sharply. “Lay off.”
“Hey.”
“I’ll check it out,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “You know, you seem to have a lot of book suggestions. Maybe you can, uh. Tell me more books you’d recommend sometime?”
“What do you think this monster’s gonna act like when it’s trying to feed?” Dean asks. His legs bounce up and down to stay warm. “It’s probably not thinking that straight since it hasn’t eaten for a week now.”
“You should go to your date,” he says softly.
“I’ll get a box,” Sam sighs, rising to his feet.
Dean would do his best to contribute, but mostly he was content just watching Cas as if through the veil to another world, inspired by Cas’ passion. It’s always been infectious.
There’s a loose chip of wood in the grain of the tabletop; Castiel hooks his thumbnail underneath and picks at it. “You never told me what happened at your last meeting.”
“Being in a relationship. The basic things.”
May sighs and nudges Bob with her elbow. “We should just tell them. Four heads are better than two.”
“You gotta stand up though.”
pod, dear,” Kate-Nancy corrects. “Poor dear, native language is Polish. Still not getting American colloquialisms down even after 83 years!”
“Okay, but—”
“I did notice that the soil was sandy,” Castiel agrees. “Should I… Buy anything else in lieu of this?”
“He said that once he started having feelings for me, that’s when he started falling,” Dean continued, looking blankly down at his hands. “He said that under no circumstances can I let that happen in my own timeline. I thought he meant that I shouldn’t let Lucifer possess you—which, of course he meant that too, but—he mostly meant that I shouldn’t let him and I be in a relationship.”
“Great,” Sam said, his laptop chiming as it booted up. “Anything I can do to help?”
“Maybe biking?” Cas says, tentatively. “I’ve seen that activity before, and it looks enjoyable.”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel shrugs Dean’s hand off his shoulder petulantly. “What do you want me to say? That they’re insufferable and I don’t agree with anything they say and I’ve never fit into the mold?”
“God, dude, turn it off,” Dean groans.
button for the water to heat up. He turns and wipes his hands on his jeans. “I was thinking we should go to the library. There’s likely computers we can use there. We can access the Men of Letters database that Sam was archiving online to see if we can find any leads.”
Anna, who was sitting on a bench across from the doors, immediately jogs after him. “What happened?” she asks, dodging groups of angels that Castiel chooses to barrel through as he strides down the hall.
Dean, on the other hand, was shaking his head, weakly trying to rise, heels scrambling against the floor. “Cas, what are you doing?”
he thought before he could stop himself.
He opened his eyes.
“Tell me where he is!” Dean’s voice bellowed and echoed across the dark chasm.
“I’m trying to help.”
“That’s not the point, it’s just—” Dean took a steadying breath, gripping Cas’s fingers more tightly against his. “I love you, Cas. I’ve loved you for… I don’t even know how damn long. And it’s been killing me not to say it.”
The polaroid picture staring at him from the bottom of the box all but slams into his brain, making him remember the moment like it was yesterday. Him and Cas had found a polaroid camera at a neighbor’s garage sale, but instead of buying it, they held it under their chins and took a picture with it, stealing the picture and running away with it. They giggled in Cas’ tree house as the photo slowly revealed their chins, stuck-out tongues, and wayward eyes drawn into obnoxious faces.
Slow, sharp footsteps ricocheted throughout the darkness; both Dean and Gabriel lifted their heads at the sound. The shadows ebbed and flowed, swirling and twisting, to reveal a figure stepping out from the black.
“Yes,” Castiel says again. More sure this time. He squeezes Dean’s hand tighter. “If you promise not to leave me standing in front of bathrooms again as you climb through the windows, then yes, I will stay. Keep you safe.”
But Dean scrunched his face. “Well…half real. It’s Winchester. Dean Winchester.” He still reached over and shook Cas’s hand. “Bulsara is, uh, it’s Freddie Mercury’s given name.”
A scream cut through the silent wings, and Dean pushed himself harder. When he rounded the corner, he collided with another body, barely stabilizing himself in time to keep from being knocked to ground.
Cas was struggling to breathe, his chest rising and falling with short, anxious breaths. Dropping to his knees again, Dean made him look into his eyes. “I’m gonna apply pressure to the wound, okay? It’s gonna hurt like a son of a bitch, but it’s better than dying.”
They settled up their tabs and took the elevator down to the third floor. Castiel stood by the buttons, looking up at the numbers ticking down, and Dean stood what felt like an appropriate distance away. But when Castiel glanced back, he tilted his head. “I’m not contagious or anything,” he said.
“Just…be careful, Cas,” she said. “Promise?”
“No, it’s fine,” Dean said. Cas could tell his voice was guarded, and by the rumbling in the background he assumed Dean was on the road. It was a safe assumption that Sam was in the car with him. “It’s good to hear from you. Is everything okay?”
“Fine, fine. Let’s just get on the road. It’s less than two hundred miles from here; we can make it by dinner time.”
If it were only a temporary word. Like how Sam had just gone to the library, but he’d be coming back. Or even if it was just directional, like how Robert Plant was planning to ramble on, gone around the world to find his girl.
“Uh uh, I want to see the proof first.” He met Castiel’s eyes. “It’s only fair.”
“This is Dr. Milton,” Castiel gestured to Anna, “and I’m Dr. Novak. We’re colleagues in charge of the exhibit in question.”
The spirit’s form flickered again as his face twisted and he reared back, about to rush them. Dean braced for getting flung against the wall or worse, but it didn’t come; a long overhead slash dissipated the ghastly saint, revealing Sam wielding a crowbar. “Dude, let’s go.”
If there were any security guards on rounds, Dean didn’t encounter them. His heavy footfalls echoed ominously in the cavernous museum hallways. He retraced the path Castiel had taken him on the day before, skidding to a stop at the double doors that marked the entrance to the gallery. He jiggled the bar on the off chance that things would be easy for once in their lives, but it denied him. The key ring he’d swiped off Castiel had almost a dozen keys on it, indiscriminate aside from the colored caps on them. He fumbled the keys in the dim light until he found the orange one, hoping he recalled correctly.
“Mom, it’s me.”
“Dude, come on, I’m starving.”
He still felt like he could sleep another twenty-four hours like nothing, but a different pain gnawed at his stomach, and he realized how hungry he was. “Would it possible to have something to eat?”
“Yeah…we did our part; I guess you’ll just have to use your five degrees and figure something out,” he said.
“Can I go ahead and close my tab?” he asked the bartender.
The following afternoon, Sam and Dean suited back up to return to the museum. They didn’t suspect the ghost would appear during the day, but Dean did an inventory check of the trunk just in case. If things went their way, they might be staying at the museum after hours, so they came locked and loaded for the occasion.
Dean waved him off. “I’m fine, did you figure it out?”
Castiel laughed. “True to my word, I tried to let things go like you said, but comments like that make me morbidly curious about all the things I must be missing.”
“Mother!”
Right?
“He’ll take something a little stronger this time,” Dean told the bartender with a charming smile.
“A lot. I know.” He stood up from his desk and walked around to take her hand. “If security sent them back already, they should be getting close.”
The absurdity of it made Castiel laugh, which was clearly not the reaction Dean had been expecting. “What? Don’t got a thing for red heads?” Dean continued, with a short laugh of his own like he was feeling left out of the joke.
“Black coffee, coming up.”
“I don’t think I’m going to the be the last one you hear from about this,” he was saying as Sam and Dean approached. “I’m sorry, Anna.” He looked up as they arrived but cast his eyes back down and hurried out of the room.
Taking a breath to weigh his options, trying to figure out if he was being psyched out, Dean finally said, “Yeah, I assume you don’t have any ink.”
“Sam…virtually all of the apostles died horrible, gruesome deaths. Do you—you don’t think someone is going to come after the others like that?” He knew the futility of the question even as it left his mouth.
Dean reached over and grabbed Castiel’s lengthy document. “Well, we got a list. Let’s start checking it twice.”
It was funny how words worked. The way that one word held so many meanings, the line between them thin and fragile. The way it can change from one moment to the next.
Exasperated, Castiel said, “It’s a civic responsibility, Dean!”
“Those sound like magic words,” Dean said, rubbing his hands together. He pushed the menu away and put in his order with the waiter. Castiel got the distinct impression Dean wasn’t going to let them sit in comfortable silence.
Castiel opened his mouth to respond, but he was interrupted by the ring of Dean’s phone. He flipped it open and listened intently to the voice on the other end, his partner Castiel presumed. They exchanged a few words and Dean nodded before saying “Yeah, I’ll be there in ten.”
Hey in case it was a little too subtle in my last email let me just explain the reason that i am glad that the douchebag ended up being a douchbag did you guess it dean? that night at the hotel when we played that drinkign game i was trying to figure out a way to ask you if you were straight since you are posibly the most beautiful person i have ever seen./ usualy i am good at reading signals but you are too good at hding your feeligns but anyway the reason i am glad that it didnt work out with him is because i want it to work out with you insted
“Buried. The cemetery’s not far from here, actually.”
Cas sucked his teeth. “I’m afraid that’s another drink for you, my friend.”
Shutting the phone and letting it clatter on the table, Dean held his head in his hands. He couldn’t tell anymore what was the truer of his motivations. Was he keeping Cas away, or keeping away from Cas? Did it matter?
Given that he didn’t even recall having surgery, he supposed that was the best way to break the news. “How long was I asleep?” he asked.
Dean stared at the plants for a moment before his eyes slid over to Castiel. “Do you turn everything into a poem?”
He cleared his throat, like that would clear the lump forming there. Sam’s absence from the seat beside him made the feeling starker, and despite the traffic breezing around him, Dean was struck by how utterly alone he was.
He shuffled off the plane, careful in the crowd to protect his wound, and made his way to the baggage claim. He kept his eyes peeled for familiar faces, but with his attention divided between the luggage carousel and the shifting throngs of people, he missed her approach.
is what I’m talking about, Sammy,” he said, gesturing to the columned entrance, the marble fountain, and the valet standing by the double doors. “This is classy, we should stay in places like this more.”
“Damn, I’m sorry,” Dean said, rubbing his neck and blinking like he just figured out what he said. “That was…a lot to just throw out there. Needless to say, I got some family issues.” He finally looked back up at Castiel. “What about you? Are you close with your folks?”
“Believe me, there’s nothing good that comes out of that line of thinking. There’s no shame in going home and leaving this to the professionals.” Dean peeled the wrapper off half his own granola bar.
Castiel’s singing voice wasn’t anything to write home about, but he kept the tune well enough, and the gravelly edge to it lent itself to gritty feel of the song. As much as he had protested, he seemed to lean into the performance, miming along to the lyrics. He pointed his fingers like he was firing a gun at Dean: “Out of the doorway the bullets
Castiel’s wide blue eyes stared back at him in the gloom.
“Yeah, well…maybe I’m just in too deep to really think about doing anything different.”
“I guess you’ll just have to trust me,” Castiel told him. He tipped his own glass back, then ran the straw along his tongue. “Wait here.”
Dean scratched his jaw, then grunted as he stood back up. “We should head back.” He came and stood by Castiel who rose to join him. “Can I ask you something?”
Castiel slammed his car door shut and charged through the parking lot, shrugging on his coat. Red and blue lights bathed the side of the white marble museum, illuminating the throng of first responders and curious onlookers. He muttered pardons as he shouldered through the small crowd, making his way up to the barriers the police had set up.
The keys to the Impala seemed framed by the lamplight.
For the time being, I’m self-medicating with a few drinks and a prescription of as many episodes of
“I assume…that given the opportunity, you would make a damn good hunter,” Dean said. He propped his arm up on the back of the couch, making a face that said ‘prove me wrong.’
The knowledge hit Dean like a kick to the chest. After Maple Springs, they’d driven through downstate New York, keeping their ears to the ground. If he had to guess, he’d say Cas had to be no more than four hours away. His chest tightened.
Dean squinted too, like there was any mistaking the real reason he’d hauled them across the country. “Oh yeah,” he said. “Maybe so.”
On the bench in front of the hotel, Cas waited for the taxi he’d called. He just didn’t know where he wanted it to take him yet. The world was his oyster, he supposed, but it felt lackluster on his own. An idea struck him, and he pulled out his phone, scrolling down to the contact he hadn’t made use of in far too long.
“At least let me change,” Dean griped, kicking off his dress shoes and pulling at his tie.
“You became their fall guy.”
Dean grinned. “Does this mean you’re taking the bet?”
The knock at the door sent him out of his skin, as lost in thought as he was. But when he gathered himself, his heart pounded against his ribcage. Maybe things weren’t so broken after all.
He pinched the bridge of his nose. “Shit, no. I meant to make some calls, but something else came up.”
Castiel let out a shuddering breath, running a hand over his stubbled cheeks. He’d done it after all. Whatever chance they had at making something out of this cosmic coincidence was shattered now, maybe beyond repair. And it wasn’t about the touch. There was clearly something deeper at work here, something Cas didn’t understand. Perhaps in the end, that was for the best. One peek into Dean Winchester’s world had toppled his whole life. There was no telling what lay in store if he tried to peer even further beyond the curtain.
“Agent,” he said, unable to keep the skeptical tone out of his voice.
Castiel fought valiantly to regain his composure and nodded. “There’s an employee lounge at the end of hall. You can’t miss it.”
And there he was.
They were interrupted by a knock on the door, and after a second, Dean poked his head in. “Hey, just wondering if there’s a place my partner and I can set up shop.”
Whoops! Lost track of the days--sorry I didn't upload yesterday!
enough, it didn’t have to be too late for anyone else.
“Pardon?”
Family came up in conversation often, with Dean confiding in Cas his concerns about Sam, telling him as much as he could without revealing how Sam had come back to life. Cas took everything in stride like he’d been dealing with resurrected brothers and demon-killing guns his entire life. Even if he didn’t have any answers, he provided a sympathetic ear, someone Dean didn’t feel like he had to put on a front for. Cas, in turn, told him about all his siblings which made Dean feel like he lucked out having only Sam to worry about.
If he wasn’t listening for it, he would have missed Dean’s slight intake of as he slowly moved his hand back, letting his finger travel the ridge of knuckles and down along his thumb. For one beautiful second, Dean stretched his hand out in anticipation of the coming gap, but all too soon he tensed and snatched his hand against his chest. “I should go.”
But Dean only winked at him, brushing off his pants. “Take care of yourself, Cas.”
“Ew, dude, don’t be gross.” He returned the wrapper ball over the seat again, but Dean caught it.
“You fucking teenager,” he muttered. The elevator descended to the ground floor, his stomach sinking with it. Had he stayed, he wouldn’t be toeing the line anymore. Flirtation for flirtation’s sake was one thing. That he was good at--it was familiar, even if Cas was different. But the minute he started to let it feel real, he lit the dynamite. This was supposed to be where he didn’t have to feel like a time bomb. Just when he was starting to feel claustrophobic, the doors opened and stepped out into the lobby, making a beeline for the doors.
“I’m actually leaving for an appointment soon,” Anna said. “If you give me a couple minutes, you can just use my desk.”
Dean raised his drink in a salute, grinning before he said: “Aquarius.”
Leaning against the bar, Dean had Castiel right in his sightline of the stage. With his back turned, Dean allowed himself to study Cas for a moment. Not that he could say he ‘knew’ Cas by any stretch of the imagination, but there was a comfortable air about him, something undeniably familiar even if they had just met. It made it easy to relax around him, a virtue in short supply for Dean.
Dean’s whole body tensed.
Dean watched him make his way up to the stage, his white shirttails rumpled where they were untucked in the back. It was far more casual than the way he had dressed at the museum, with his tailored vests and matching ties. Despite being covered nearly head to toe, it was somehow like catching him in a state of undress. Dean tried not to think about the distinct lack of layers.
Castiel smiled. “Black is fine. I could use the bitterness to keep me on my toes.”
“Tell me about the ‘doctor’ thing,” Dean said, sipping on an old-fashioned Coke bottle. He’d complained about the lack of beer a number of times, but he was strangely giddy about drinking Coke out of a glass bottle. “I can’t say I know much about ‘higher education.’”
Another yell from Conrad cut him short, pointing somewhere over Dean’s shoulder. A wind picked up out of nowhere, rattling the glass panes and knocking frames against the wall.
“There’s some fucking crazy guy trying to kill me!” the man spluttered, grabbing on to Dean’s jacket like a lifeline.
“I’d love a glass,” he said, looking around at the framed pictures on the stairwell wall. The farther he traveled up, the older he got in the photos—it was almost surreal seeing his life laid out so succinctly, from smile to smile, when it was so much more complicated to live out the moments in between. “I can’t believe you’ve kept up with the winery after all these years.”
When he woke, a bullet was missing from the Colt.
“Wha…?” Castiel attempted, but he was still dizzy from the impact. But he forgot all about Sam when the hem of a white robe flickered into his line of sight.
Before he had time to panic, a dark shape covered him, and he blinked up at Dean crouched over him, both arms braced against the wall, shielding him with his body. Then there was a metallic click, a flare, and beyond Dean he could just barely make out the advancing figure stop and contort with screams as his body burned away to embers.
“Hey, we gotta move!” he shouted, grasping Castiel’s wrist. Conrad had taken off in the other direction, but Dean hauled Cas toward the reliquaries. The curator dragged behind him, still peering over his shoulder although Sam had sent the spirit running again with another swing.
An email from a student brought a dark cloud over his parade one afternoon though, and Castiel was surprised to see him in class after reading it. He watched him throughout the lecture, diligently taking notes even as his eyes glazed over and he sat limp in his seat.
Sam looked over his shoulder at the loading ambulance. “What do you wanna do?”
Dean rubbed his forehead. “Any luck getting in touch with the troupe?”
“I just don’t understand what could be so terrible that he left you alone at the hospital after you were attacked,” his mother said, looping back to their conversation about Dean.
But lurking underneath, that word had a fatal permanence to it. One which Dean could feel coming all too acutely.
The slip of paper with Dean’s information on it was tucked in the pocket of his coat, and he fished around for it, just to feel that it was there. Not knowing where to go next hardly qualified as an emergency, and despite the urge to dial the number, he didn’t think he could do it.
. When Dean left him on the steps of the museum that night, he was fully prepared never to see him again. It was either a small world or an act of fate to bring them together again like this, he thought. As an artist, the notion of fate was romantic in a way, like getting a peek at the brush strokes of the universe’s grand design. The thought made him smile as he tossed his things on the table in his room.
“Oh, and here’s the list you guys asked for.”
“Pardon?” Sam asked.
The hands covering his eyes could only belong to one person, the smell of her favorite lotion so familiar it almost made him cry. “Guess who, little cherub?”
Anna kept rocking, her eyes glossing over as she considered his question. “People are capable of all kinds of appalling things,” she said, “so who’s to say for sure, but…the anger it must have taken to kill Jonah like that? That doesn’t feel like greed to me.”
“You’re looking at it,” Castiel said. “This was part of an attempt to ‘reach a new audience,’ with interactive exhibits. Both Jonah and Ezekiel were actors; they were part of the reenactment of Holy Week.”
It raised Castiel’s arms over his head, smile manic. Dean shouted a protest, making a charge for Cas, but he wasn’t fast enough. The demon plunged the knife into Castiel’s stomach just before Dean plowed into him, knocking him to the ground.
“What?”
Isidore, Gerard, Paschal, Hamon, Stanislaus.” He dug through his memories, thinking back to school and his religious studies. An image of St. Gerard came to mind, a modest looking man with close-cropped hair gracing a prayer card for expecting mothers. It didn’t fit. Stanislaus Kostka had died young, but Castiel remembered a marble sculpture of the boy—too young and small to be the terrifying figure in the gallery.
Dean covered his face as Castiel screamed, a torrent of black smoke pouring out of his mouth and disappearing into the vents. The real Castiel stirred, whimpering as the pain from his wound flooded into his consciousness. “D-Dean…?” he rasped.
He’d finished the research into the disciples’ death quickly, making notes in the margins on anything that stood out to him. Cas was right in that most of them ended grimly, which didn’t bode well. On a whim, he started looking into other religious violent crimes, but the results were mostly modern figures, leastways not anyone a museum would bother keeping remains of. The only result with any substance that popped up under the search of
But Dean cleared his throat. “Nah, that’s, uh…that’s the most accurate assumption you’ve made all night.” He drained another shooter.
“Uh, well, what do you like?”
Castiel seemed to take it as mockery though, and quickly tugged his shirt back on. “Listen,” he said, “I was a proud little homosexual in art school off on my own for the first time.”
“No,” Dean said, smiling at the ground, “I think it fits you.”
Sam held up a hand. “Hey, I’m not arguing. I wasn’t gonna say anything, because I wasn’t in the mood to hear all your nerd jokes, but I’m kinda looking forward to it. You just surprise me a lot recently. That’s all.”
“I work here,” he told them, flashing his badge as he spotted a crown of red hair through the uniforms. “Please, that’s my friend.”
Cas laughed. “Most of them, yeah.”
“I should have known there was boy trouble when you called. You need motherly advice, hm?”
“Sam, I can’t live my life feeling like I keep trading the world favors, like I’m always looking over my shoulder. I should have died already, but dad took my place. Maybe I shouldn’t have done the same thing to you, but let it end with me. Then you can go back to college, fall in love, I don’t know—stop eating junk food in the back of my car and actually live your life. Be happy.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know the drill.”
“Jesus-y, huh?”
Dean’s head whipped toward the window. He looked back at his partner, and even if he couldn’t understand it, Castiel watched a whole conversation take place in that glance. Sam snatched their marked-up list off the desk and rushed out of the room. Dean lingered behind just long enough to put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, gesturing earnestly with his other. “Stay here.”
Sam waited a moment, but Dean didn’t say anything else. “Why…do you ask?”
Sam rolled his eyes, but he closed his laptop. “It’s not much of a bet when you take the only clearly plausible option.”
The thing was doing a pretty good job of impersonating Cas, Dean would give it that. The startled look in his-, its eyes was spot on. Suddenly Dean knew how Cas must have felt when he was a demon, except Sam and Castiel had known he could be cured, that he could come back to them.
Dean snorted.
Cas smiled a little at that, but it was as fleeting as it was joyful.
Dean was full-on shivering now, gasping for air like a drowning man.
There was no watch on his wrist to tell him how long he’d been out there, just sitting on the Impala with nothing but his thoughts, the night sky, and a lukewarm beer. He’d left it behind on purpose. He wouldn’t be reminded of the months, days, hours, minutes, seconds since he had watched the death of Heaven’s greatest oversight. And he’d be damned if that didn’t bring a vindictive smile to his face.
Dean waited on his knees for a blow that never came. Instead, Cas dropped to a crouch in front of him and guided his curled hands to his lap, long fingers forcing Dean’s own to unfold. Instead of piercing Dean’s heart, Cas placed the handle of the angel blade in Dean’s right hand. Instead of slitting his throat, he closed his hand over Dean’s and brought the sharp tip of the blade to his other wrist.
Dean realized that it wasn’t Cas looking at him at the moment. That look was almost entirely Castiel, heavenly fucking warrior incarnate.
“-but it is. I’m ah, I’m trying to think of how to prove it. I know you and Sam have-,”
Dean tried to ignore the way his heart thumped at
There was vivid intensity in Cas’ eyes, and a passion that hid no motive beyond what he had explicitly stated.
And Dean couldn’t begrudge them this happiness, especially knowing the hell they’d barely escaped to reach this point. Sam and Eileen deserved to fight together, to retire together, to get married, have a bunch of little snot-nosed sons and daughters for Dean to spoil, and live long lives. Dean loved his brother more than anyone alive, and no longer doubted his own place in Sam’s life. But the Winchesters were done being co-dependent. Sam and Dean had come to an unspoken agreement that there weren’t going to be more sacrifices, deals, or spells in the event that one of them died again. The end would be the end, the dead would stay dead, and the living would live on. So yeah, Dean was happy for Sam and Eileen. Yeah, he would handle the inevitable day Sam moved on when it found them. But, but, but….
Dean was smiling now, remembering the angel’s perpetually-irritated expression. Cas possessed what the kids would call a resting bitch face.
hurt to remember,- that he had to forget about the people he couldn’t save in order to protect his own sanity. A million years ago, across a diner table, staring into the face of divinity defined and disabused, he had known that he could never take his own advice. It would be smart, he had thought. It would be so
Until Dean Winchester slid off his car and dropped bonelessly onto his knees in the mud. Until Castiel started towards him, and Dean scrabbled to his feet. Until they met halfway in a muddy clearing somewhere in a Midwest thunderstorm and thunder crashed again but they were too busy crashing into each other to notice and Dean was shaking apart with the force of his relief.
Dean chuckled awkwardly.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean whispered.
“Cas,” Dean chuckled, rubbing at his eyes in fond exasperation, “you know that a break up implies we were together in the first place.”
A dam seemed to break in Dean, and suddenly the flood rushed through. The water pulled at his mind. His heart was washed out to sea, and there wasn’t a fucking life raft in sight. Dean didn’t notice the crack of thunder like a whip above his head, nor did he care to determine whether the rivulets of water running down his face were tears or rain or both. He felt like he had that night, but somehow it was twisted up inside him. He felt alive, terribly so.
Dean’s breathing quieted as the being walked over to where the angel blade lay discarded on the floor. Dean found himself on his knees, every muscle tense. It picked up the weapon by the blade and flipped it point down, and Dean only knew peace. So it wasn’t Cas after all. Maybe it was Naomi or-or maybe someone else. It didn’t matter. The being approached, and Dean pretended it was Castiel.
Cas pressed his lips together, but he didn’t look upset.
Dean shivered, and he wasn’t quite clear if it was out of instinctual fear or desire. He
“That’s ok, Cas.”
“Remember earlier when you stopped me from kissing you the first time?”
Before Dean reached Cas’ lips once more, Castiel stopped him and craned up to Dean’s ear.
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?”
Dean was struggling to breathe. “Castiel, I don’t know how you don’t hate me. I’ve been so goddamn awful to you.”
“Dean,” Castiel breathed between kisses, almost a whine, “please-,”
His best friend, his Castiel,
Dean coughed.
Dean drained another bottle of beer, feeling something clawing at his chest. It was probably a panic attack. He should probably try to breathe through it, put down the beer, call his brother. He couldn’t drive back to the bunker in this state, but he hadn’t intended to go back to the bunker at all. What he needed that night, deep down in his grieving soul, was to be close to Castiel. And since he was gone, Dean would have to make do with the stars.
Cas’ smile remained serene, his blue eyes hooded and sure.
“But promise me you’ll do the same, Cas. If we do this for real, if we try to believe in who we are to one another, I need you to know exactly what you mean to me. So listen to me.”
Blood welled up beneath the blade instead of grace. As soon as Castiel released his hand, Dean dropped the blade. His eyes were transfixed on the very much human blood trickling from the shallow cut on Cas’ arm.
“So you’re an angel, then. Good to know. Which dick are you who’s been living under a rock, huh? Why haven’t you sons of bitches learned not to come knocking?”
There was a strange sadness there. Dean considered pretending he didn’t notice, but his conscience beat him to the punch.
“Then I’ll try to see what you see, you heartbreaker.”
“You got that right, buddy. So wh-”
“At first, Sam was going to do both of them. But uh, I couldn’t bring myself to not do yours. It didn’t feel right. So, he did Jack, and I carved yours.”
Dean swallowed the sudden onset of inexplicable grief in his throat.
usually talk to about all of his crap was the reason he was drinking anyways. Even Sam knew better than to suggest a therapist to him. What would he even say?
angel?
A staring contest ensued, after which Cas responded.
“Alright then. Show Eileen a good time. You both deserve it. But if anything, and I mean anything happens to Baby…” Dean trailed off, knowing his silence would speak for itself.
“I don’t know, man. I just feel like I need to catch up with the rest of the world, you know? We’ve earned it.” Sam rushed to explain. He nervously fiddled with his shirt cuffs with downcast eyes.
“And…you’re not FBI, are you? Do I actually know anything about you,
He made his way along the wall, most of the audience clearing out in search of refreshments before the next seminar. By the door, two individuals caught his attention for how much they stood out. It took his brain a couple seconds to process who he was seeing, but when he realized, he broke out into a grin and picked up his pace. “Dean? Sam?”
He averted his eyes when Castiel looked back with a grimace as the first pair up at the mics began a rendition of “Snap Yo Fingers.” Cas leaned over so he could talk over the music. “Don’t worry, I picked something classier than this. Something more in line with your interests.”
They talked about everyday things, and it was funny how different it was for each of them. Cas complained about grading papers, unruly students, problems with his landlord and nosy neighbor; Dean bitched about bruising from being thrown around on a case, dealing with witchy bodily fluids, and the trouble they had tracing demonic omens. As much as Dean loved Sam, would trust him with his life, it was refreshing having someone else to vent to. Cas even leant his expertise on a case or two, which gave Dean a strange sense of pride. Of everything they told each other, Dean still kept his deal a secret. There never seemed a right time or place to bring it up, and he didn’t think he could bear to put that on Cas.
Castiel expelled a breath of tense air. “I know, I’m sorry. I guess I’m a little more worked up about all this than I thought. Which is ridiculous considering what you’ve been through; I should be—”
