"Whoever did this must have been casing the building for a while," the red head said as she stood up from inspecting the missing window. "They knew that this wouldn't be regular glass, if they weren't thinking about breaking into one of the most dangerous buildings in the state."
Steve grabbed the last guy and slammed him down onto the floor, then gave a punch to his jaw before he turned at another gun shot. The shield slammed into the closed door, cracking in the doorframe and swinging open. Steve blinked, his arm drooping with the shield when he looked inside the room.
"Listen, get yourself to a hospital, Julie," Tony told her when he was sure she was back at the phone. "There's one in Queens that won't be as busy."
"Can't make that promise." Steve cupped Tony's cheek and leaned in to kiss him slowly.
“Your personal disdain for him is well known,” Strange said with a nod.
No! He wouldn't go back to the cave! Tony coughed when his head was shoved down into the cold water, his lungs burning for needed air. He had escaped! He had destroyed that place!
"So, don't you have your own paperwork to fill out?" Bruce sat down across from him at the kitchen island. He was getting a head start on dinner. Tony scrunched up his face, almost offended at the suggestion. "Tony, you're bored, and you're starting to annoy me. I have no idea if Steve is going to be back for his birthday," Tony's head shot up, looking scandalized, "and I wish you would just text him to find out if he is."
"Ooo! Who's that??"
"Yeah, it's a different model, buddy," Tony nodded. From the corner of his eye he saw Peter's grandparents walk into the room with Peter's bag. They were eyeing him up, judging if he was good enough for their daughter, and their grandson. He shifted Peter to his hip and took a step forward, hat and sunglasses already off, and extended his hand to the two elderly people. "It's a pleasure to meet you, I'm Tony St-"
"I'm singing to you," Steve whispered back.
“So, you’re getting ahead of the pre-glasses freak out, if it happens?”
“I need my robes!” Peter declared.
"Stark, I need you out there," Fury's voice came out through the speakers. "Some out of control experiments have broken free from a lab."
Tony covered it up by walking over to Thor, no longer looking at The Neighbor. He was never going to use his name now. Ever. "No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing."
"Wade," Peter said, smiling. Tony had heard this name before, heard it form both Peter and Mary, he was one of Peter's best friends in school. Tony remembered him from the time that Peter said he got in a fight with a kid who said that Peter was too short.
"Do you keep special reserves for Peter?"
"I couldn't afford college when I was younger, but I took the classes that the community centers would offer," Steve started to explain. "I caught up a bit with the internet, and Mary pointed me in the direction of some more classes two years ago."
"Oh, all the blame, on you," Tony said with a nod. "Your genes running through her. Literally, just yours. She'll probably have a penchant for throwing round things, too." Steve snorted, rolling his eyes. "Ouch, I felt that Sass."
"Listen, we all know that next month is my birthday," Tony said, quickly changing topics. "And, SI has sponsored a vehicle in the Monaco Grand Prix." Mary raised an eyebrow at him over the notebook. "I want to take you and Peter with me to Monaco, to celebrate." Now Mary's eyes widened. "It's like a family vacation, kind of, thing. Those happen, right? For birthdays?"
“Something I’ve heard from a British show, or something,” Tony said with a shrug. “How long do you think we’ll last before we’re calling for a video chat with the kids?”
“It’s America’s birthday,” Tony countered.
“She wants me to talk to a therapist.” Wade scrunched up his nose. “Why do I gotta talk to another adult? They don’t know anything about me.”
"Missed you more."
"It's at times like this, that I vaguely wish I could feel the effects of alcohol," Steve muttered.
"No idea yet, we're trying to find the Aunt now," Tony told her.
"He's not thrilled, is he?" Steve wrinkled his nose a little.
"Okay," Peter nodded. He could deal with that, as long as he got to stay in the same room as his Daddy. The screen beeped twice and Tony reached over to take it from him. Steve moved up, lifting the almost seven year old in one arm, and moving towards the other end of the room where more supplies were.
"You're a saint." Tony practically sagged against the counter with relief.
“You hurt me?” Steve stood up to look at Bucky. “Last I remember I had the upper hand when we fought.” Bucky scoffed. “Oh?”
"I'm not sure how you're going to explain away a broken nose," Steve told him, before helping Meg to her feet and to the back of the car. Jarvis had directions to the hospital already on the GPS inside of the car. "Did he get the arc reactor?" Tony shook his head and Steve let out a breath. He pulled on his seat belt and they were headed down the road. Steve checked every mirror compulsively, hands tight on the wheel, all the way to the ER.
Steve’s head turned when he heard a soft roar, and Tony grinned, hand out flat, and a gauntlet seemed to slam into his hand, then unfolded up to his elbow. Two more pieces flew in the room, attached to his bicep and shoulder, all coming together to form the left arm of an Iron Man suit. “Tony? What-“
"Copy that," Clint said. "Touching down now."
"I make some smaller pieces and sell them online, or at art gallery gift shops," she said with a shrug. "It took a while, but I've got enough steady commissions that come in to keep me busy."
"Bet you're not prepared for tonight," Tony accused as they pulled into traffic. "Family dinner with Peter, Julie and Wade, Mary and Agent with the twins Rowen and Conor, Bruce, Sam and Rachel and William. And us, with the newest addition. Fresh from a trip to Disney World, and not telling Peter or Wade about my kidnapping."
Peter looked at the drawing, his eyes widening. "That's us!" Tony grinned, holding onto his son as they looked at the picture frame. The other had gotten up to come look at it, and Tony wanted to preen like a bird for Steve's sake. Steve had deemed him and Peter important enough to draw, and with so much detail. "That looks just like us Daddy!"
Wade got closer to the couch, and he saw some hair sticking up on the arm of the couch. Bingo! His target was asleep on the couch. Perfect. A mischievous smile spread across his face and he pressed his body low as he made his way over to the couch. He wondered if Bucky would have the reaction that Mr Steve did, always jumping and falling off of whatever he had been sleeping on? Or maybe he would react like Mr Tony, eyes widened and trying to become one with the soft surface he had been asleep on? He hoped he wouldn’t react like his Mom used too before he stopped trying to wake her up, arm flailing up as she yelped.
Mary pat Steve’s back a little. “I like that word, clod. Just the way it sounds.” Steve glanced back at Mary and she motioned for him to sit back with her on the bed. “Tony feels bad about what was said then, too, so you can both stop beating yourself up about it now. Tony has a lot of insecurities.” Steve nodded a little, having had Tony talk to him about them, or let him bear witness to them in action. It really spoke platitudes to how much their relationship had advanced in such a short time. “Well, you’ll be staying here now, right? Tomorrow’s your birthday, and I know that both Stark men have been eagerly anticipating your arrival for that.”
"You think something's wrong," Bruce stated more than asked.
"I'm telling him that! Jarvis, you recorded that right??"
“Tony, were you going to tell me that you were in California? Much less at Disneyland?” She asked, sounding unimpressed and tired already.
"That's normal?" Steve asked, motioning with his hand towards the door.
“No,” he shook his head and sat on the edge of the bed. “This is Amethyst, Tony’s Espeon.” She answered with a delighted chirp, closing her eyes as Steve reached over to pet her. “He’s gone for a business for a week, overseas, and he asked if I would watch the Gems. Well, except for Ruby, his Flareon.” Vee and Amethyst both let out little calls. “Ruby is very shy, never leaves Tony’s side. And I feel more comfortable if one of the girls is with him just in case he runs into trouble. Sometimes the Iron Man suit can’t get there in time.”
"Oh, goodness no," Mary said chuckling. "I'm not his type, and we're much better off as friends and co-parents." She looked at Steve and gave him a soft smile. "A lot has changed when it comes to relationships as well, for better and worse. I'm not a single mother, but I am dating someone right now, as well. Peter seems to like him, and I was kind of worried about that." There was a short jingle, and then a high pitched voice coming from Mary's pocket,
I'm also thinking in the future (near future), if people are interested, in making gift fics, because that's fun. More into that later.
"Some pictures have been circulating, and a couple of pictures of your shield were caught," Mary explained. Steve frowned and walked over to Coulson and his tablet. "Ever since the Battle of New York, and really, that's what it's be termed as? People have been dying to figure out who the 'new Captain America' is."
"No, that's cheating," Rachel told her daughter. "You can't have Tony Stark help you with strategy." He merely raised an eyebrow and walked over to take a seat.
"The proposed element should serve as a viable replacement for palladium." Tony grinned and pushed on Bruce's arm in excitement. "Unfortunately, it is impossible to synthesize."
Fluuuuuff all around! There baby fluff, and Uncle fluff, and boyfriend fluff, and implied sex fluff! Fluff fluff fluff. Even teddy bears can't handle this much fluff.
Steve snorted and shook his head a little. He glanced down when Jamie pat both her hands on his chest. "I do have some good news for you about your little one, though," Bruce added in.
Tony gasped and shot up, the illusion disappearing and reality snapping back into focus. His chest was heaving, body searching for breath, and sweat was dripping down his face and down the back of his neck. He spotted the woman and started to lunge towards her, but the cuffs let out another shock and he tumbled to the ground.
Steve dropped next to Tony, leaning over him to kiss him, Tony pulling a soft moan as he deepened the kiss. "Feeling better about it now that you're here." Steve took a second to just breathe in Tony, his cologne, with the undercurrents of metal and spice that always seemed to follow the man around. "Not that I'm not happy to see you here, but I am wondering why you were so insistent."
"I've got the basics down, so no worries there," he flashed her a smile. Jamie reached one hand out to touch his lips. "Ma would have loved you." He gently lowered her back down to a sitting position and grabbed the socks. "I might not get everything right at first, so a little patience, but I'll never stop trying. It's kind of my MO, being a superhero and all. Which is another weird thing. I don't think of myself as a superhero, I'm just someone who wanted to make a difference, and stop bullies, and right now that means making a difference in your life."
"Over here are comics and cards," Peter said as he pulled Steve over to the first set of cases. He let go of his hand to get close to the glass, like the first time he had seen all of this back at Tony's Malibu mansion. "All originals!"
"Fine," Tony bit out. "Tell him I'll be there in five." Tony dried his face, double checking his lines and edges, before deeming it suitable. He pulled on his tee, squinting a little in the mirror. "Jarvis, retinal scan." He kept his eyes open for a few seconds without blinking, before turning and walking out of the bathroom.
"You gave free range to-"
“I know.”
So, I've mentioned it before, but I wanted to put it out there; I'm thinking of making this a series. Following Tony and Steve, and Peter as he grows up throughout the years, and eventually becoming Spiderman. Instead of putting large time jumps in this story, I would end this one at a point that feels natural, then continue in other stories, and one-shots, etc. What does everyone think of that?
“Anthony!” A voice shouted. Tony painfully moved his eyes to see someone running towards him. The red cap was unmistakable. “Anthony, what-“ Thor stopped when he saw what was surrounding him. “Do not move.”
"Yeah, thanks Jarvis," he said with a nod. "I'll take it in the Penthouse, let me just put Jamie down for a nap first." If anything, Steve figured that the call would be enough of a distraction until some news, about just about anything, would be coming through. Steve hated not being able to do anything.
“Like the owl from the movie, right?” Tony grinned. “All dressed up like her Daddy!” Steve groaned, but was smiling.
He knew that Coulson would know already, and that he would be there in no time at all, so Tony escaped to the only other place he would feel comfortable. "Black out protocol, subset B," Tony said quietly as soon as he entered his workshop. The windows frosted up, the lights dimming closest to the door and windows, and music started playing, albeit a lot quieter than usual. Usually he would blast the music, make the whole room shake and putting those earthquake sensors into test mode, but this was different. He still needed to know if his attention was needed, if anything happened, but he didn't want to be brought back to reality without a reason. Jarvis knew what to look for.
The room was painted a soft red color, the bed was large, and Mary looked peaceful with her head on the pillows. If you ignored the large bruises on her face that were purple and starting to yellow, showing that they were starting to heal. Her nose had been set, Steve remembering that he read that she had broken her nose. There was some dark circles under her eyes, and her arm was in a sling as well. He could see that one of her legs was propped up underneath the blankets, but she at least looked peaceful as she slept.
"Not first name rights," Steve informed him, and Tony scoffed. "Conor Anthony, and Rowan Stephanie." Tony's eyes opened a bit wider.
“Peter and Wade are studying with Jarvis and Bruce today, and Rachel and William are watching Jamie,” Steve shot down all of Tony’s excuses. “I’ve told them that if anything were to happen to call me first. Jarvis will get a hold of me, and you know he can, since you made my phone.” Steve kissed Tony’s knuckles. “The first few meetings are the most nerve wrecking ones, I know this.”
"I'll come with you," Coulson said, standing up from his seat to come up on the other side of Peter. Tony was able to take the hint that it was his turn to go and see Mary and Rachel, without little ears listening. "Room Four." Tony nodded and left the room, heading the opposite direction as the other three men.
Tony rubbed his face with his free hand. "Did you tell her that we would have picked her up?" His voice was still laced with sleep, but anymore sleep and he would have started to have a nightmare, and he couldn't do that with Peter in his arms.
"You want to hold a press conference now? Of all times?"
"No, no, of course not," Tony shook his head, holding the door open for her as Steve helped her put her winter jacket on. "You're a voluntary test subject."
"That scepter was working us," Tony interrupted him. Captain America doesn't apologize to Tony Stark. "You probably felt weird at some point, all fuzzy in the head. Wasn't your fault, it's why we all kind of exploded."
“Tony,” Steve knew that his questions weren’t going to go over well. He heard Tony hum in response, letting him know that he had heard him. “You’re not having nightmares again are you?” That had been one of Steve’s biggest worries, that the nightmares were coming back, that whatever being had had his control over Tony was starting to come back.
Tony vaguely remembered what happened after Peter's party had ended. He remembered why he fell in the pool, and he remembered what he saw, and he remembered sobbing into Steve's chest. He wished he didn't remember that part.
“And so you decided to take her as your own?” Steve accused, temper flaring. Tony knew that he was upset because SHIELD had been stupid enough to not tell him. Tony was going to putting a new virus into Fury’s computer after this.
The display took over, starting to recognize people, read faces, until it zoomed in on one familiar face on the ferris wheel, two people sitting next to him. Tony grinned and moved a bit faster, doing a fly-by, watching as Peter saw him, and saw his eyes light up. He couldn't hear what he was saying, but he tugged on Mary's jacket and pointed up int he sky, at him, grinning. Mary blinked and looked over, and Tony was already flying away, back over the water, and heading up into the sky.
"She did actually," Tony nodded. Mary's mother continued before Tony could go on.
“I can’t do another charity event,” Steve groaned. “Our PR team is good, there’s no doubt, but I can’t keep dressing up in the suits just to try and show the press, well, whatever it is they want to see about us.”
"You went through me personal things??" Tony shouted at him. "You followed us around? I should call the police on this alone!" Tony held up the personal picture. "This was in my workshop! A place I know you've never been, and were never allowed to go to!" Despite the rage that billowed out in waves, the blonde in front of him just kept smiling.
"Do you know who killed the ex?" Rachel asked as Mary scrolled through some of the info, still reading it. "The one who it looks like would have tried to recruit her?"
"Told you," Tony mumbled under his breath. "I'm hoping that Peter hasn't inherited my wicked skills of not coping with things."
"Jarvis will pull up the GPS, he'll guide you." Tony was running the possibilities through his head. There was a high possibility that the two women after her had been Hydra, if what Steve was saying was true. It was obvious that they were after her, because Steve had contacted her. And last they knew, Steve was in DC, where Fury was as well, with SHIELD. SHIELD that now seemed to be more Hydra than anything else. This could explain the weird missions.
"Tell him Daddy," Peter said, looking over at Tony.
“We spent nearly a week in Cali a couple months ago,” Steve said, pressing his nose to Tony’s hair.
"J," Tony said quietly. "J, get the door for the lady." He was tired, and he needed the help. No use in denying it, not when it would keep him from Peter. As Mary came down, he was happy to see that Peter wasn't with her, but he wondered why she was alone.
"Jarvis, where are the twins?" Steve asked as he moved further in the room.
"Good idea!" Peter jumped up to go for the address book that Mary kept by the cordless phone. Tony was fairly certain they would just end up getting box mix for the cupcakes, but Jarvis would guide them safely. Jarvis knew how to keep Tony from burning down a kitchen,... Again.
Pepper lifted Jamie so that she was standing on her feet on Pepper’s legs. “Listen, if this ever becomes too much, you call Aunt Pepper up, anytime.” Now Tony was rolling his eyes. “Aunt Pepper will help you.”
Steve's head shot up, looking over at Tony, his eyes were open, wide, and pupils blown, the arc reactor springing to life, glowing brightly, and Steve grinned.
"Oh, this is going to be fun," Steve said under his breath with a smile. Steve stomped the snow off of his boots before slipping his shoes off and jacket, Tony following suit when he felt the heat from the house. Tony started to sniff the air, and Steve smiled, because there was indeed coffee scent. Meg was in the kitchen, her back to them at the coffee machine.
“What about this one?” He pointed at a box that looked like a mechanic’s shop, complete with pieces for custom cars.
How was he supposed to do this? How was he supposed to raise Peter on his own? Oh sure, Coulson would be there, and I'm sure Mary's parents would insist on being there as well, but, it wasn't the same. He could have all the help in the world, but they weren't Daddy, they weren't Mama. Tony would have to be in charge of everything. Mary was so much better at knowing what needed to be done, on how to take care of Peter, and herself, and work, and just, everything. Tony could barely take care of himself sometimes; e.g. palladium poisoning.
"Pretty sure that I could stand to use one of the toilets in this bathroom, actually," she quipped with a slight tremble in her voice, but she wasn't about to back down.
’ is all over the place. Congratulations, nerds.” Both men smiled at her.
"To become another mindless servant, like the rest," Loki said with a tone of carelessness. "I had not expected you to become an unwilling slave, as well." Tony frowned at his choice of words.
“Yeah, it’s not as muffled as it could be, but it’s warm here, and I’m gonna suffer heatstroke for the sake of wearing three shirts.” Tony was glad to see that no one had connected Steve with Captain America yet, the beard and dark sunglasses going far to help with that. Although, those that were convinced that it was him in the park was frothing at the bit to find out who the mysterious man was. “No one’s really bothered us so far, so I’m gonna take that as a good sign.”
The beeping come from Tony's phone pulled him back to it, and then his eyes up to the screens. His decryption programmed must have tripped over a new fail safe that neither he nor Jarvis had anticipated. Both he and Bruce walked over to the monitor, Tony holding his phone up to it, letting the program retry again. He looked at Bruce who had a grim look. They were not going to find anything good in these files.
"I'm gonna try and get the rest of these cars away from the device," Tony said over the comms, flying over first the cars that had been abandoned, trying to avoid the fight still going on. "The disruptor is stealing energy from anything that crosses into it. If it gets too powerful-"
“Good.” Tony blinked, then glanced up. Meg was barely a foot away from her, eyes looking disturbingly blank, very much like the Winter Soldier. Tony was barely able to curse when the points of a tazer slammed into his stomach.
"I'll admit, that I really don't have the first idea of what to do, but while you were down with Bruce- Uncle Bruce?- I was asking for Jarvis to send me stuff to my phone." Even though Steve knew that she couldn't understand a word of what he was saying, it felt better saying it. He and Tony hadn't exactly had a lot of time to do all the talking that needed be done the night before, and he'd talk to him later, but Steve felt the need to get some of it off his chest. And a lot of what he was thinking was for Jamie.
“I just want to try so hard for her,” he whispered. “I never thought I’d get anywhere close to what I have now, a family like this. I was too small, always sick. No one thought I’d live as long as I did before I met Dr Erskine.” He gave Tony a sad little smile. “I’m sure I wouldn’t have survived to see the end of the War if I hadn’t. Medicine was already so hard to get, and I’m sure it would have only gotten harder later on.” He shook his head. “Point is, the plans I had for getting older, they didn’t include having a family. Not that I didn’t want one, nah, I always wanted to give Ma some grandkids to dote on. But, that wasn’t going to happen. I was gonna work on my art, get a job maybe at a newspaper, and probably be Bucky’s neighbor until he couldn’t stand me anymore. I didn’t expect to live long enough to see having a family, if anyone even wanted to be with me.”
"Is his father dating anyone?" Steve couldn't help but want to know more about this man, to know if he was doing the right thing by Mary. Things must have changed if they were able to raise a child and not live together, or even get married, but there was still such a thing as having honor.
“Not at all!” Steve said with a smile. He had even started the coffee machine. Tony thought he could kiss the man. “I can see why they’re special to you. I, uh, hope you don’t mind if I’d like to spend some time with them? I mean, even when you aren’t gone? It’s just, I mean, Arc likes to play with them, and Brave laughs at it. They’re small and fast enough that they don’t get hurt when they’re playing, and it’s really something to see, and Peggy thought it was the most adorable thing ever-“
"Most of my ideas start off that way," Tony said while waving his arm. The TV turned on and the two Super Soldiers walked away. Tony then looked over at Meg and wiggled his fingers. "Come over here. They aren't the only ones who can be grown-ups."
“I’m not your enemy in this one, Captain,” he said simply. He looked a little ruffled, but he also didn’t look like he was the guilty party. Which was impressive for the dark haired man. He then turned and headed up the rest of the stairs, Steve following a quick pace.
"I think that I'm going to have to be blunt," Mary started and Tony bit back a groan. "Tony, are you okay with the fact that I got married?" Tony blinked a couple of times at her, almost too shocked to answer at first.
Tony watched Strucker coming back towards the lab, a woman with dark hair, and a nasty glare in her eyes, walking behind him. He suddenly thought of the 'Human Experimentation' part of Strucker's file. He opened the door and allowed the woman to walk in, then closed it, leaving the two of them alone. She looked young, maybe in her teens, early Twenties.
“Ah, the happy family returns,” Meg called out as they walked in. “Except you’re missing one.”
"If you've been working on it for six months and haven't gotten anywhere, what makes you think that I'll be able to figure it out?" Bruce was starting to crumble, Tony could feel it.
Tony looked up. Was Steve really going to tell him about it? "Steve-"
"You did perfectly, sweetheart," his mom replied proudly. "You and Peter were the picture of perfection up there." That made both boys beam proudly.
"Well, with those two they sometimes share the same mind," Tony argued. "They follow each other everywhere and share the same enthusiasm." Rachel even had to hum her agreement to that statement. While she wasn't Tony's biggest fan, and still often threw some contempt his way, she had indeed lightened up and become more receptive towards Tony. It had helped that Mary was married now as well, and that Tony kept their daughter and grandson close, safe.
The firework were about to start, and he was not going to spend the rest of his birthday thinking about Howard Stark's son. He had to find a place to hang the drawing that Peter had made for him, and he would break into the movie kit that Mary had put together for him. She had given him a plastic bowl that was supposed to be for popcorn, showed him microwave popcorn, ("No it is not cheating, Steven Rogers, it's just faster than the old fashioned way on the stove, get used to it."), and then had given him several movies that were on his list to watch. When Peter wasn't looking she had put a pack of beer in his fridge, some different local homebrews she told him, and a bottle of wine. She regularly kept his freezer stocked with ice cream, and warned him that a couple of movies might have him getting in touch with his inner woman, and he could probably demolish a pint of ice cream easily. Steve just raised a skeptical eyebrow at her.
"Tony-" Bruce started, and he suddenly shot up from his seat and started pacing.
"The smart kind." Bucky inched forward and stole a cookie from the ones that were going to put in a jar. "Punk."
“That didn’t sound like one of your usual songs, at least nothing I’ve heard down in the workshop,” Steve continued. The song was something he could focus on instead of his nightmare, instead of feeling like he let everyone important in his life down. Tony didn’t think that, Tony was still here, still loved him. He would protect Tony with his life. “But I have heard it.”
“They using him as a map,” Loki cut him off. “They used his physical body as a mooring point, and they were creating a travel route to get back to your tiny little realm.” He looked back to Strange. “They probably felt your meddling and attempted to use him to finish their route.” He now looked between Strange and Steve. “They would have used him until he had no more to give, then left him to rot. Had this secondary entity not intervened to hide him, this would have been disastrous. As it is now, we now have to figure out how to get him back to his body, without Him finding Stark again.”
Tony couldn't help but smile against Steve's lips when he was pressing back against Tony, taking back control of the kiss, a slight growl in his throat. He never would have thought that one gift would make him so happy at Christmas, but it was becoming harder to ignore how much Steve was starting to mean to him. His last relationship, that had actually lasted longer than a month, had moved much quicker, but he hadn't felt near as strongly for them as he was feeling for Steve. He almost didn't care that they hadn't had sex yet.
"Well, it's not an entirely outrageous idea," Steve said as Tony walked back around to take his seat next to Steve. Tony's foot shot out, pulling the two closer. "But, demons?"
"We all know that's not going to stick," Tony said, wiping the tears from his eyes. "You're the only Doc that I trust with my life." Tony grinned at the look that Bruce shot him. Tony made himself comfortable on the bed while Bruce did what he needed to do with Mary. He eventually took the breathing mask off, and Tony moved to help get her sitting up in the bed.
Tony took a seat across from Coulson, watching until Peter and William were out of sight. "Did Steve call you?"
“My bad,” Tony chuckled. “Well, for dinner the restaurant is at the back of the hotel, just past the pools.”
Turning his hand he gave a shoddily aimed blast to the face to Thor back from him, just a little, then threw his head forward in a head bang. Thor looked utterly appalled that Tony would do such a thing and slammed his head right back into him, sending Tony onto the ground. Shooting back up Tony went for another punch but Thor hit first, sending Tony to his knees. Before he had time to block, Thor was punching his shoulder and his back, pushing him down further.
“You played the game more than me!” Steve yelled back. “Do we still have a time out?”
"You've been reengaged," Jarvis toned through the helmet. "Execute evasive maneuver."
“You wanted to ask because you think the reason for all the new suits is tied to that,” Tony said. “I think that’s what you meant to say.”
"I hope it's okay that I've been picking up Peter from school lately," Steve hedged out. Tony turned his head a little towards Steve, before turning it back to look at the school playground again.
In true Tony Stark fashion, he hacked through the quinjets speaker system when he saw that Romanoff was inside. He needed an entrance, he wanted Loki to remember who was coming for him. It had distracted and drawn Loki's attention, but it had also attracted the attention of Captain America, whom he had not been expecting to be there.
"This one is going to be all Rogers," Tony informed him.
"Not in the least," she shook her head. "We actually need him awake to see how well the surgery will hold. His heart has been controlled to work at a regular constant, but we need to get his heart used to working at its normal paces. It will help him heal as well, I'm very confident in his recovery."
And suddenly, Tony knew what he had to do.
"Tony, you just gave me unfettered access to you, all of you, at any given time." Steve sounded awed by the gesture, which Tony didn't quite understand, but he liked that it was making Steve smile. "You trust me enough to use these responsibly. This is, this is huge, Tony. I love it." Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, leaning in to kiss his slowly, hand sliding through his hair. He moaned softly when Tony pressed against him, tongue teasing at his lips. One of Tony's hands slid up Steve's neck, the other sliding around his side to Steve's back.
Steve was quiet as he looked out the window. "There are no battle plans for that." Tony snorted, driving them back to Manhattan.
"Found Phil for you," he said quietly. "I'm sure he'll be in tomorrow, he's with Peter and Wade right now. Don't tell him I called him Phil, though. It's always Agent, no matter what." Tony took a deep breath. "This isn't how I pictured this going at all, and please don't yell at me when you wake up and see what happened. I promise that I'll have beaten myself about it more than enough already." He turned away, facing the door but staying on the bed. "You know, I remembered you when you came into my office all those years ago. After we slept together, of course." He let out a humorless chuckle. "I remember thinking that the sex had to be good with someone who looked like me, because I was just that good. And I think that's also the reason that we don't work together as a couple, because I would be just too much, and you would never back down, and it would just get too ugly, too fast."
"You and I have two very different definitions of fun, Agent," Tony said. He bit his lip when Coulson reached in for the bullet suddenly. "Can't even count to three?"
"No, it's your fault, but I just wanted to say that I'm sorry."
"Mr Steve?" Peter's quiet voice asked, uncertain.
“Come to Daddy!” Tony said as he reached over to pull Jamie from the mobi wrap around Steve’s chest. “I’ll just take that wrap as well, you won’t be needing it for a bit.” Steve looked at Tony, a bit worried. “It’s a good thing that we had lunch a few hours ago.”
"What?" Bruce looked at Tony and frowned. Steve glanced at Tony and realized that he hadn't told Bruce about Howard Stark being part of Hydra. Tony must have just remembered that by the way his eyes had widened marginally.
Bruce frowned. "How is that?"
"Daddy! Come look!" Peter called from the living room, and the older Stark was turning on his foot obediently. He opened his mouth then stopped when he saw Peter sitting on the couch, arms squarely around the little baby boy, and sitting next to him was Steve with a baby girl in his arms.
“Probably doesn’t hurt that you’re dating Captain America.” Tony raised an eyebrow at her. “He’s very clearly sitting out in my waiting room right now.” Tony huffed a little from his nose. “I won’t lie,” she said, as she leaned back in her chair a little, still the picture of professionalism. “When I saw the name in the books, and I got the advanced papers from your legal team, I did a little digging. I’m surprised you didn’t bring up your children first.” Tony tilted his head a little. “I’m a parent myself, so I know how important a child can be to, basically anything else in our lives.” Tony’s face softened a little at the thought of Peter and Jamie.
"I love you, Peter," he said softly.
He knocked on the door where she was staying, and a couple minutes later, Wade was standing in the doorway. Tony blinked a couple of time. "Hey Wade."
"Yeah." He nodded once, putting his hands in his pockets, hoping they weren't trembling. "Well, right now, priority is making sure that Hydra isn't going to come back for Jamie, or the Serum. Or, apparently, the Winter Soldier who has defected from his overlords."
“I hope you don’t mind if I take a peek as well.” There was a very familiar voice behind Tony. He hopped up in shock at the fact of someone else being in the room that he didn’t see, and the disbelief at the owner of the voice. A very dressed down Loki strolled towards the two men, looking not the least bit dead. “I’d like to see how this has progressed, if you are still plagued with dreams and visions.”
"Buck, he lost a set in Italy," Steve said quietly. He turned over one of the tags and saw a red scratch on it. "He tested it on my shield, after the first paint job, and there was forever a red mark on the back of it." Steve bit his bottom lip, biting back tears. "How did you find these?"
"No, I imagine you won't be for much longer." Tony raised an eyebrow at Mary's tone, and her smirk.
Tony lay with Peter for a few hours after he went to sleep, wanting to keep the boy close, reassuring himself that he was still alright. He had thrown out the peanut butter snack, and then the peanut butter itself. He almost threw out the knife he had used, but Rhodey had taken that and thrown it in the dishwasher.
"He's talking about Tony and me," Steve interrupted. Clint's head whipped around to look at Steve.
' in his playlist as soon as he crossed the state lines into Alabama," Tony said, leaning his head down on the counter. "Then made sure that all song by the band Alabama were played exclusively."
"I'm sorry?" Steve looked at the phone that was still ringing, then back at Tony.
"Yup," Wade said but didn't move, staring right at Tony. Tony knew that protective look all too well. "I know you wanna talk to Pete, but you know he's just going to tell me everything right after." Wade was too smart for Tony's own good.
Tony flinched when fingers gently dragged across his cheeks. “Get us closer,” the voice whispered, hot and uncomfortable on the skin of his ear. “Lead us.”
"Buzz buzz." Steve snorted, almost coughing on a laugh.
"Why not?" Tony smiled at him. "Everyone says that you look just like me."
"But they figured out who you and I would be," Steve told Tony with a smirk.
." Tony turned, twisting his body underneath Steve. "Tell her." He used his knee to nudge Steve off of him. "But, I'm gonna stay here cause I still wanna know, so you kind of are telling me in a way."
Tony couldn't help but laugh again. "You've been saving that one, haven't you?"
"You did?" Steve looked at him. "Excuse you, I helped!"
“Black Widow was there as well,” Coulson reminded her.
"Well, she isn't joking with the names." Steve let out a breath as he wrapped his arms around Tony, dropping his head onto Tony's shoulder. "I missed this, too."
“Light sabers!” Peter’s eyes widened when he put it together, then saw Tony pull out two light saber hilts. He handed one to Peter, and handed the other to Steve. “It’s the right model!”
"Doom trying a new look for his bots? Because really, he should just stick to all silver." The bot tilted his head a little. "If you're going to try and create something life-like, why stop half way through?" The man turned and Tony saw the red star on the shoulder. Something cold curled in his gut. "You're not a Doom-bot," he said quietly. He needed to get Peter out of there. A hand gripped a gun in his flesh hand, aiming at Tony now.
"You're just going to let that lunatic go??" Tony felt there were more pressing matters at issue. Captain America let their would-be assassin go!
"No," Tony cut him off. "No, this changes nothing. This actually works in our favor."
"Sir, I can confirm that Captain Rogers’ phone did make the calls," Jarvis informed his creator. "I am unable to track his phone." Tony's body went cold.
It may take me a while, but i do fully intend to go and respond to each and every one of you that left a comment. because i appreciate it, and I've so thankful. I still go with my mom almost everyday to her therapy sessions, so that I know how to help her when she is eventually discharged.
"That is, just awful," Sam said as he tried not to grin at Steve's discomfort. "Really, Steve, that really is a horrible thing for you to do. But, if that's how it is, then I will be telling everyone about this horrifically sweet moment my eyes had the simultaneous pleasure and displeasure of witnessing. Preferably in a toast, at your wedding, in front of everyone you know and love." Sam pushed himself back up, rolled his eyes up in thought. "And probably tomorrow, too. Yeah, I'll be telling them tomorrow, too."
"-hasn't been seen in public since his bizarre and highly controversial conference," the reporter said, and Tony was already having ideas. "Some claim he's suffering from post-traumatic stress, and has been bedridden for weeks. Whatever the case may be, no one expects an appearance from him tonight."
"You are, it's kind of cute. So, just send me a text with what you decide to do, and I will see you when I get back," Mary said, and Tony could hear Coulson in the background. "Have a good weekend, Tony!"
He had gotten to know Tony the father, then he found out that he was Howard's son, and he had trouble putting those two together, or maybe separating them. Was he really as mad at Tony as he thought he had been? Or was he just having his own issues with the identity reveal? They had worked well together during the battle, really well, and Steve had been devastated when thought that Tony was gone. Was that the wake up call his mind needed? He and Tony needed to have a talk, and even Steve knew that that was easier said than done.
Tony let out a loud laugh, with a snort working its way out, making Steve grin as he bit back his own giggles. "That date was an unmitigated disaster! And it wasn't even my fault!" Steve just grinned, then pointed up as Jarvis started to speak.
Steve shook his head, scrunching up his nose. "There's no yard."
"Please, Jarvis," Steve said with a nod. A couple weeks ago Tony had said that he was working on a new harness for the shield, and he had told Steve to stop by before his next mission. This may be too soon, but Steve also wanted to say bye to Tony before he left.
"Hey." Tony's voice caught his attention back to the present. Mary was holding onto Peter now, trying to tickle him. "So, I was thinking maybe you could, maybe, bring some stuff up here? Like, a couple sets of clothes, a toothbrush?" Steve felt Tony shuffle his foot a little on the ground.
Tony let out a little sigh, letting his shirt drop back down. Jarvis was right, he usually was. It had been six months since he had discovered the palladium poisoning, but he believed tho have contracted symptoms all the back before Christmas. "Start tracking his location, J. Let me know the second you have a contact number, unless it's during dinner."
"Come here, you gotta see this." Steve walked over, and sat down behind Tony, his leg pressing against Tony's back. He looked over him and saw the baby on her stomach, looking at Tony. She was making little noises that Steve could only guess were determination, and she was moving her arms and legs. "She's starting to crawl."
"Yeah, it's seen a bit of mileage." He held a second glass up to Loki in question. "Plus, you've got the blue glow stick of destiny. Oh," Tony took a sip from his glass, "I won't need my armor to take you down."
"This is Steve, Peter, he's our new neighbor," Mary said to the boy, her hand resting on top of Peter's head. "What do you say when we meet new people?"
"They're setting up a room, hoping to make things more comfortable when he wakes up." Coulson said, pulling up the details on his PDA before handing it to Mary. She frowned a little, and raised an eyebrow.
“Hey, thanks for the warning,” Bucky deadpanned as Steve put the shield in its case to be polished. Steve smirked a little. “Well, they’re menaces, including your little clone, but that’s not why I was waiting for you.”
"No, you're kind of not," William interrupted his thought process. "But that's okay." Tony turned to look at him frowning. "You don't have to be perfect, you just have to have a plan to deal."
"I can't help you with that."
"But, why wait for so long to start using it?" Tony sat down on one of the lab stools. "They're not shy about using it while unstable, so why wait if they stole this nearly two decades ago?" His tablet beeps and he grabs it without thinking. Jarvis has broken through.
"You sank to the bottom pretty quickly," Steve said, a bit of worry in his tone. "No one sinks that fast, not even after just falling in. It was like you skipped the whole floating part of water."
When he wasn’t in the lab with Bruce, Tony was going through Howard’s journal, and reading that was enough to give him a migraine. As he read through everything he had Jarvis scant he pages, comparing them to other journals and notes that Tony’d always had access too. Howard had been a very active supporter of Hydra, that much was becoming obvious. It was made clear that his mom, Maria, had no idea of her husband’s loyalties, thinking that he was firmly on the side of good, working with SHIELD and his Aunt Peggy. When Tony was a teenager, getting ready to go to MIT, she had started to become a bit suspicious of Howard’s activities.
“Stop!” A voice wavered through the pain, as gold and blue lights, energy, clashed around him. Someone else was crying. He knew the voices, the sounds. Tony wanted to reach out, to tell that it would be alright, even though he knew that it wouldn’t. He was being ripped in half, and those that wanted to use him didn’t care what happened to him, not really. “You’re hurting him!”
"I saw a bunny, too," Steve said, a little smirk on his face.
The two agents looked at him like he had lost his mind. “I can vouch for the truth of this statement,” Strange spoke up. Natasha rounded one gun to point in his direction now, and he just let out a sigh. “I’ve had him under my most watchful eye for a little time now. I think that if he were going to attempt another interplanetary coup, he would have done it by now.”
"Mute," Tony grumbled. "I think you're developing Sass, and I don't like it."
Obadiah and Howard had instituted a rule long ago, that no personal pokemon were allowed outside of their pokeballs, so Vee wasn’t allowed to see the inside of Stark Industries. She didn’t like it when Tony went to the business, didn’t like that she wasn’t allowed to try and stop the influence that the two men were trying to push onto Tony, to pull him away from her.
“Because it’s a birthday you can remember?”
Thank you to everyone! Here's a longer chapter, with cuteness galore. Since it's Valentine's Day, I've stuck Tony and Steve together, with Peter, with Peter being adorable. Also, in the next starts, I start messing with the canon (even more) of the Marvel Movies, specifically Iron Man 2 and Avengers. It's gonna get fun.
Tony felt himself being moved to his back, gently. Steve. But he was gone, on a mission, wasn't back yet. Again, there was the pressure at his arms, trying to bring them away from his face. "Let me take a look at your injuries." Injuries? He could trust Steve. Steve wouldn't hurt him. Tony let his arms be brought down, away from his face, but he body was still tensed, ready to defend, to strike. "Open your eyes for me, Tony." He jerked when he felt a warm touch by his eyes. "Yeah, there's a nasty burn there, I wanna make sure it didn't do any other damage. You can do this, Tony, I know you can."
The static filled ringing ended, and Tony heard the click as the call connected, but no voice answered at first. Tony wasn't surprised. "What are you doing in Calcutta, Brucie-bear?"
At first Vee didn’t like her. She was at the mansion more than often than Obie, or even Tony was there sometimes. Vee saw her as the reason that Tony was gone for business more and more. Until the first time Pepper dragged an unconscious Tony in, dropping him on the closest couch. Pepper slid down to the floor as Eevee ran over to Tony, jumping up to lick his cheek. She let out a noise when Tony’s breath hit her nose, the smell of alcohol hitting her strong. Pepper very gently lifted Vee up and down into her lap, away from Tony’s mouth.
"I burned some cupcakes, nothing to worry about," Tony said quickly.
What? Tony felt himself frowning, then slowly started to open his eyes. He recognized the person in front of him, white hair, the same soft eyes that Mary had. William.
His head snapped up when heard the giggle of baby and he looked over to see Steve walking back towards the table. His face was glowing, and Jamie was laughing, making the most noise they'd heard in the past two days. "What did you do??" Tony asked as he slid out from his seat to meet them.
Tony made sure to stay far away from Rhodey when the game was over though, sticking next to Steve, who was smirking, just a little. “There’s only one way they could have tied that late in the game!” Rhodey had said, eyes slicing over to Tony who was already on his feet and picking up Jamie. Mary took the three kids to watch in the observation deck while everyone gathered in the training room. Clint and Natasha were already there, deciding they didn’t necessarily watch Captain America playing a game with a former Hydra assassin, and Bruce had arrived just a minute before the rest. Coulson had joined Mary and the kids, and Sam, Rhodey, and Bucky stood behind Steve and Tony, on the opposite side as Cling and Natasha. They seemed to only be missing Thor, but there had been no communication from him for a while.
"I could easily get a quinjet out there," Tony countered.
"I'm Iron Man," Tony said over him.
I was moved by your words, and lo! A new chapter appears! He's a more sweet one, which will be followed by what I hope is a heart clenching one. Because, I'm evil. :D Nah, but I love seeing how much everyone likes this fic! And since I got full points on a big class assignment, and then finished some homework a week early, I let myself work on this with reckless abandon! So here you guys go!
They walked out into the living room, Peter already setting up the TV, using one of Tony’s tablets to hack in and choose the movie. “You know, babe, we have to come with someone for Peter.”
“I know,” Steve took his hand, giving it a squeeze as they went to bed. “I just needed to make sure, you know that.”
Once Tony managed to tape an ice pack to his shoulder, near his neck, he grabbed something to drink, and wondered over to his computer. Jarvis already had the specs up on the suit, and the flight. Obviously the icing problem would have to be dealt with first. It wasn't until the TV caught his attention, that he looked away from the rendering Jarvis was coming up with.
“Don’t get my hopes up, Soldier boy.” Tony tapped his forehead then turned back around, starting to take of his own shirts. “There is no such thing as vacation sex, unless you bring a babysitter.”
"I would suggest not being in there for long," Thor said after several moments, moving a couple steps away from the door. Tony nodded, pulled open the door just enough to slip in through, and closed the door. He stayed close to the exit, looking at the man that had kidnapped his son, sitting on a bench at the other end of the room.
“Something like that,” Tony said quietly. “I, uh, found something today. I think she’s working with Colonel Wilson.” Steve sat up a little and stared at Tony. “Yeah, I know. I’m not exactly inspired with confidence.”
“I’m not allowed in the kitchen at all,” Steve told him, leaning back against one of the pillows on the loveseat.
“Papa! Uncle Bucky!” Peter ran over to them, barely holding onto his bag, eyes wide. Bucky knelt down to intercept the boy. “Uncle Bucky, that woman was back. Sarah? The one that Wade didn’t like.” Bucky’s head jerked up to Steve. “She took him out of class.”
“Yeah, later,” Tony said quietly, biting back a groan when Steve managed to slide Wade off of him. “Oh, oh that hurts now. I can’t move, Steve, I think my body has actually locked up.”
"I talked to Mary, and she said that she had to work late tonight, and that Peter had been spending a lot of nights at his grandparents place-"
"At the closest Manhattan Community Center," Tony said. "I'm going to remind them all that this isn't about me, or the Avengers, or any of that. This is still about rebuilding, and making sure that everyone is safe, and has a home again."
"No, no, no, no, no, no, the less I know, the better." Even Rhodey sounded a bit out of breath. "Now, what am i supposed to tell the press?"
“By all means, I ain’t gonna stop you. Wade is a wild one.”
“I’ll help you out, just this once.” He was sure that Steve was attempting to give him a deadpan expression, but Jamie was too busy playing with his face. “Rachel raised a little girl, and Meg is raising a little girl almost the same age as Jamie. I’m confident in your abilities.” Steve gave him an annoyed hum, then moved his head to push his lips against Jamie’s hands.
"Epipens?? You need to use an
“You gonna be okay with the twins by yourself?” Bucky scowled a little at Steve, and he smirked just a bit.
“There are other people who make food, for pay,” Tony pointed out. “There are even people who get paid to bring the food to houses.” Steve snorted and laughed. “Come on, I’m serious.”
“They came in this morning,” Tony told him, attempting to take Jamie from him. Steve moved to the side a little and motioned down to the plate that had a several sandwiches on it, and a couple of containers with some side dishes. “Sadly, my poor excuse of a non-activated serum does not give me perfect vision.” Steve tilted his head a little, slowly eyeing him. Tony raised an eyebrow. “I was never a huge fan of frames, and it was easier to just wear contacts for all the SI public events. It was never a good look when glasses got covered in dust and dirt after a weapons display.” He grabbed half of a sandwich and flopped down onto the couch, pushing his glasses up on the top of his head. “I’ve been wearing contacts for almost two decades.”
"You mean awesome, he'll be Awesome." Tony pointed at Rhodey. "Good job on the present by the way, he loved it."
"Just that the man was in all black, covered his face."
Steve pulled him back in for a kiss, moaning softly when he felt Tony’s tongue tracing his bottom lip. “Tony-“
“Of course,” his friend said, voice soft. “You two do look really happy, though.” Tony smiled, thinking the same thing as he looked at the pictures. “Do you want to send over some picture of your trip, with or without Steve, so we have something to respond with if it gets picked up?”
"Yeah we will," Tony said softly.
"Steve made a deal with Coulson that he has to dance to '
Jarvis brought up the outside camera, showing Romanoff and Barton coming to the house. The door was unlocked and they walked in, each with one duffle bag over their shoulders. Steve was waiting in the foyer for them, and he put a hand on Barton's shoulder. As Tony watched them it was now obvious that Steve had worked with them before.
Tony looked at Steve, and the blonde saw the look in his eyes. He knew what was going to happen, the wheels were turning in Tony's head. He smirked and sat back down next to him. "Get ready." Meg frowned at him, and Tony pulled out his phone.
The corner of Mary's lips turned up a little, and she slowly lifted her hand closest to Tony up, Tony instantly reaching forward to take in both of his. He leaned his head down, resting his forehead on her shoulder lightly, closing his eyes when he felt Mary's other hand rest gently on top of his head. A couple of tears leaked onto the shoulder of the shirt that she was wearing, but neither of them would say anything about it.
"Tony!" She shouted, tears in her eyes.
“We didn’t even plan for a child.” He smirked a little when Mary pushed his face.
They sat in silence for a while, and Tony could feel his chest not moving so rapidly, not trying to force air into his lungs. He was feeling a little calmer, and not so much pain. His eyes were starting to drift shut, feeling exhausted, until Steve's near whispers caught his attention. "I was worried." Steve? He was worried? About what? "I saw you falling in the water, that's the only way I can describe it. And you weren't moving, weren't trying to get back up, and I thought that...." Steve trailed off, taking a deep breath. Steve was worried about him. "All I could think about was what you said a couple weeks ago, about how you didn't go into the water. I couldn't lose someone else in my life."
“There usually is a good reason for what I do,” Strange replied with a little smirk. “Till we meet again.” Tony raised an eyebrow but nodded to the man and went back to peeling the orange he was working on.
'Proof That Tony Stark Has A Heart'
"Isn't it going to be hard to transport him from the room to the hangar?" Steve asked them. Tony looked up at the question.
Peter shook his head. "No, but it's gonna happen. He always has her."
"Can we try that flavored salt on the popcorn this time?"
The golden energy as able to surge, pushing back the blue light. Red streaked forward, as if to attack, and the pain started to lessen. “
: Almost lost my mom to an infection and surgery, need to sell the house, and find new living arrangements for myself, and my job is ending very soon. This story is not abandoned, there should be a new chapter before the new year, but that's just my hope. There will be a new one soon.
Rhodey had sat on the floor, letting Peter show him the drawings he had done, and then started reciting his numbers for him. Tony had grinned, his boy was smart, and learning fast, and he was the proud Daddy. Even pepper had spent some time listening to Peter, hearing stories about times that he and Tony had spent together, all the fun things they had done together.
“You have your mission. We’ll help Tony, and keep things quiet around Peter, and afterwards we’re gonna kick some Asgardian ass.” Steve smirked a little and nodded. “I’ll go tell Phil, and tell the kids they get to spend the night with us. Keep an eye on Tony.”
“Don’t we have to, actually, get ready for dinner?” Steve asked, interrupting their battle. Or at least interrupting Tony, and Peter got in a cheap hit that made Tony fall back onto the bed, eyes wide, and staring up at the ceiling.
"Not that it's any of your business, because I am an adult and you are not, but no, we didn't have sex. The sheets are clean." It was too early in the morning for this, specially with no coffee. "What do you get into when no one's looking?"
Steve sat back down on the bench, looking back over at the now empty playground, and the two swings still moving from where Peter and Wade had been swinging. He pulled out his sketchbook, and began to draw them.
“I bet you’re a people watcher,” Mary said, leaning back against her pillows.
"You don't have to say it back, not right away," Steve told him, and Tony tried not to wince, guilt pooling in his chest. "It kind of just fell out of my mouth, but I've been thinking about it a lot-"
“He got here last night,” Phil said as he brought out the last plate of pancakes. “Told him that he wasn’t allowed to miss breakfast.” He leaned in to kiss Mary, a little longer than usual that even had Peter making a face, until he suddenly squealed.
"You want a label, don't you?" Tony asked. Steve shrugged a little.
“I am apt to agree with Captain Rogers,” Jarvis piped up and Tony had a look of betrayal on his face. Steve kissed his forehead, turning him around to start walking back to the elevator. “Your working-to-sleep ratio is vastly underperformance, Sir. I would recommend that you get sleep for a minimum of eight hours.”
"I'm sorry, I didn't hear that." Tony looked around, feigning deafness. "I was distracted by the high pitched squeals of a little boy." Tony repeated the action, making Peter squirm again with another laugh. "I think you said you wanted me to keep doing that? I mean, if you're sure!" Tony laughed and blew one more raspberry.
The past two chapters were a trip, weren't they? Well, here we've got some comfort going on, and, one of the most sappiest scenes in this story. Diabetes inducing, tooth rotting, sweetness. I am not paying for the medical bills that you'll all incur because it was so sweet.
"I don't know." Tony scrunched up half of his features. "I feel like is Peter was winning, and he entrusted Rachel with his cards, then I can't very well help you win. Peter comes first, Mrs Parker."
Tony took a breath, arm in his sling, suit on, sitting next to Rhodey on the cargo plane. They were getting closer to California, and he knew that the news would be reporting his return soon, about half an hour after the plane landed. "Rhodey," he tried again. The other man looked over at him, and Tony stared straight forward, getting his courage up. "I need you to do me a favor, after we get back."
The stupid plane! He regained control of his thrusters and started going again once he saw the pilot eject. .... But he didn't see a chute. He turned, making a downward arc, Jarvis scanning the chute functions to see how it jammed. He could get it open.
"As opposed to having someone who always agrees with you and seems boring?" Bucky asked curiously.
He spit the mouthwash into the sink. "Mary's entertaining her today, and Coulson will be with our meeting."
“Just a touch?” She smirked.
"Sounds like a plan," Steve said, a little smile curling up. "I'd feel better keeping an eye on you anyway, in case of a hidden concussion."
Why couldn't he just breathe?! Why did he hurt so much? The arc reactor, it was working, wasn't it??
“Sorry. Can’t protect you anymore.” Tony frowned a little at the words, how they sounded softer, and maybe a little further away. The space around him rippled, then cracked. He frowned, watching the golden light waver slightly, not knowing what was happening. With an unnatural tearing sound, the purples and blues, the stars, all disappeared. The pitch black of space momentarily shocked Tony, not expecting it that quickly, then his entire body tensed up. Pain like he had never felt before streaked through all of his nerves, paralyzing his body. He wanted to scream out but couldn’t, wanted to pass out, but something was keeping him awake.
Parking, the four split into the two groups, and Tony walked next to Steve as they headed for the level where they were supposed to meet with Thor. In the elevator Tony glanced at Steve, and the taller man moved a little closer to Tony, letting their shoulders almost touch. Tony resolutely did not think about how the small motion calmed him down a little.
Things get figured out.
"Let's not get crazy, Stark." Steve smirked at him.
He turned around, slipping out of the chair when he heard the workshop doors opening and he smiled. Steve had trimmed his beard a bit closer to his face, not nearly as full as a couple weeks ago on their vacation, but it wasn’t completely gone either. Steve was holding onto it as long as he could. He had Jamie balanced on his hip with one arm, and a tray with food balanced in his other hand. Jarvis had swung the door open for them.
“How did you find out that they were working together?”
"And the uniform you wore a few days ago wasn't?" Tony smirked at him. "Cause if not, then I'm thinking I need to drop the red from my suit. Did you hear that J? We should have gone with that all gold design you showed me all those years ago."
Tony cuddled the toddler in his arms, Peter’s hand instantly seeking out Tony’s arc reactor, and looked up at Mary. She was smiling at him, and shrugged a bit. Tony looked around at the other three in the room, two of them looking a little shocked at what had just happened. Rhodey held up his hands in surrender.
Tony felt his limbs shaking, his jaw trembled, but the anger that was coursing through him fueled his glare, and was all that allowed him to push himself up to his knees. "I'm not going to work for you. You'll fry my brain before I give in. I did three months in a cave, and everything you think you can show me, is already stuff I've showed myself. Bring. It. On."
Tony curled around Vee on the couch as soon as he got home from the press conference. He threaded his fingers through her fur, careful of her sprained leg that Stane had injured when he kicked her. For that alone he felt little remorse for killing the man. She purred lightly, reveling in the attention of Tony, happy that he was there and safe now.
Wade nodded, and Steve brought him for another hug, and this time the little arms that wrapped around him were stronger. They stayed in the hall for a while, until Wade eventually yawned, and was more lounging against Steve as he tried to fight off sleep. The door to the apartment opened a bit wider and Todd stepped out before catching sight of them, Julie right behind him. He gave them a small smile, and shifted Wade into his arms to pick him up as he pushed himself from the floor.
Meg looked at Steve for a second, probably trying to decide if it was a good idea. Steve couldn't blame her, and he was a little glad that she was thinking about it, using some common sense. "You know what, why not. I can already hear about three of my friends in my head, saying that this is probably too impulsive, but it sucks eating alone."
"She's not wrong," Tony said. "And to do it properly I would have needed to have seen the original hand, or what's been collected."
"Yeah, a couple of lab monkeys were wandering around, and they found some left over files about some experiments, and a couple of samples." Tony slipped his shoes off, dropping them on the floor at the end of the bed. "Bruce has all that now, trying to parse through what the experiments were. So far, nothing about that energy disruptor."
"Okay, so here's what I'm thinking," Tony starts. He had every intention of getting up to refill his coffee mug, and to not have to look at Steve and get distracted. That was before grabbed his mug and got up to refill it for him. "We should test this thing out, whatever this thing is that might or might not be between us." He took the mug from Steve, trying his hardest to keep his eyes down. "Because, although you know about Peter, and he likes you, and all that wonderful jazz, I still gotta be, careful." Steve looked like a quizzical puppy when he tilted his head, and his blue eyes shining. "Mary didn't introduce Agent to Peter, at least as her boyfriend, until they had been dating for like, four months or something, and I think there were 'I love you's' exchanged."
Bruce looked at Tony, frowning. That was very suspect behavior from Captain America. "Well, I didn't know what to do, then a couple minutes later he calls back, and I'm actually able to pick it up. I told him I was in Baltimore, on my way to DC, and he practically yells at me to not do it. Says Hydra's in SHIELD and tells me that I gotta try and get a message to the Avengers, but I gotta be careful about it. Then hangs up! Hydra's supposed to be gone!" She whisper shouted. "But, Tony, he sounded dead serious, and worried."
"No, I expect you weren't." He smiled at Tony. Peter ran over to Tony, lifting his arms to be picked up again, the brunette obliging to pick him up in his arms. "Be a good boy, Peter," his grandpa kissed her forehead. "And if your Daddy needs help-"
Sarah Mueller
"Uhh," Tony looked up from his project and blinked a little.
“He even got Jarvis to help with visual cues, so she associates the word with you.” Steve sniffed softly and Tony’s thumb reached up to wipe at the stray tear. “You need the rest, babe.”
Tony stood up with him, pulling him into a soft kiss. "You go get her back to sleep, and I'll meet you in the bedroom, okay? We'll try and get some sleep."
This chapter is a little longer since I made you all wait for long. Life literally buried me, and I still can't see sunlight, but I have a chapter for you! Therrrrre's not a lot of fluff here..... Enjoy!
“Why don’t you tell me about what you have planned for next week?” Tony asked, drawing Steve’s attention back to the present. They both shifted until Steve was leaning back against the bed, Tony leaning against him.
Tony licked his lips a little, and nodded. "You remember two weeks ago, in my workshop? When you pulled me out of a panic attack?" Steve nodded. "And, in the pool room, I, I thought I saw something. It startled me, and that's when I fell into the water."
Steve's hand unclenched, and rested over Tony's lightly. "On behalf of all those that have seen action, thanks for the consideration." A particularly loud pop in the air had Steve closing his hand around Tony's instinctively. Tony squeezed his hand instinctively around Steve's, trying to keep him calm.
"Has he said anything?" Tony asked. They had removed the mouth guard after the first day, (Tony admits that it was his own perverse pleasure after Loki had tricked him), but he hadn't said anything since then.
"You dig through my head, you bet your ass you're waking her up!" Tony felt his nails dig into his palms a little. Could he trust him to actually wake up Mary though? It could just be another of Loki's tricks, Tony wouldn't take the small chance of putting Peter at risk by letting Loki perform magic in the mansion.
Tony groaned a little, wobbled his head, then pushed himself up from the chair. He grabbed his tablet and Bruce waved to him as he headed for the elevator. Tony checked on Steve's playlist as Jarvis took him down one floor.
“On your left,” Steve said and laughed at the glare that Sam shot him.
"Why does Jarvis still called her Parker?" Steve mumbled, turning to try and bury his head into Tony's hair.
Tony let out a little groan. “Forty-two.”
Tony could feel the grin on his face, threatening to split as he spun, moving up and down, going higher to his own whim. He was flying! "Handles like a dream!" He grinned. He led the suit over the water, and saw the lights of a carnival nearby. "Jarvis, did Mary say what carnival her parents were taking Peter to, tonight?" He asked suddenly.
"Bye, Meg." He shook his head a little as they hung up and slipped the phone in his pocket. It had only been two days since the wedding, but Natasha had called Steve with a mission, and he was eager to jump in. He'd been self-confined to the Tower, trying to stay away from the people that were still trying to figure out who Captain America was, but he had been getting antsy. He still hadn't managed to figure out how to stay in one place with nothing to do. Left over habit from the War.
“Well, yes, but I wasn’t able to hear a lot of live music in my day. It’s certainly something special.” Tony hummed happily and nodded as they walked into Jamie’s room. They could see her already awake, standing in the crib, holding onto the rail. “Look who’s awake and waiting.” Jamie cooed at the attention, reaching her arms up, and Steve obediently reached down to pull her into his arms.
“Now this isn’t becoming fair,” Tony mumbled as he took the picture. He pat Peter’s back and he ran over to get one more pictures with both the actors as Steve walked back over to Tony, taking Jamie in his arms. She cooed and pat Steve’s cheek happily.
“You are a philistine!” Tony declared, wiping his hand on Steve’s bare chest. “You licked me! In a non-sexy way!”
"I felt ridiculously better when I first heard that," Steve admitted to the Doctor. He glanced back at Jamie. "I was thinking about a November birthday for her," he said suddenly.
“She’s surely does love the attention from her Papa,” Tony said with a small smile.
Steve hummed in thought. “I bet you could beat them all, though. And, you could make more than pasta.” Tony squawked and turned big eyes to Steve. “You can’t live on pasta and hot chocolate forever.”
"What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?" Tony tried his hardest to get an easy flow to his voice, to not have pure hatred drip from his tone. It would have all been directed at Loki, but Tony felt a little bit of animosity towards the good Captain himself as well.
“Good,” Steve said with a smile. “Because I’m having a lot of fun.” Tony grinned at him.
"Don't wanna inspire any nightmares?" Steve nodded. "Can't say it's a bad idea. Was that his kid you were just talking, too?"
"What the hell," Tony breathed out, trying to catch his breath at the same time.
"No, but what's coming out of your mouth, it sounds like responsibility." Mary narrowed her eyes at him a little, studying him.
"Where do you think you're going?" He pointed a hand towards her and Peter, Peter starting to cry louder, his grip tighter on Mary. "You just had to intervene. I would have let you and your son live, but now, your services are no longer required." Mary's eyes widened when the machine gun in the arm started to whir to life.
"No problem," Steve nodded, putting the groceries on the table. Peter had already wandered into the kitchen, ready to help Mary with the groceries. He was well trained on chores. "If you need anymore help let me know, I've gotta check something back at the apartment."
"-ny??" Tony turned his head and saw Rhodey in front of him, trying to get his attention, Peter still coughing, now trying to catch his breath.
Mary hummed, amused. "I thought it was usually the bride that makes all the big decisions."
"Nazi sympathizer, Baron Strucker. Yeah, that sounds like a douchey name." Tony slid his finger along the screen, scrolling through the information. "There's no affiliations listed, but this guy is definitely the one who's funding these guys."
Steve put a few bottles in the diaper bag in the dining room and glanced over to see Peter talking to Jamie. He raised an eyebrow, but didn’t interrupt. Jamie looked restless though, and he wasn’t sure what she was itching to do.
“Aye,” Thor nodded. “I had recently defeated the enemy that had taken the power of the Aether, and was going to collect it myself, when Tony arrived. The Aether was weak, and I’m afraid it was attracted to the device that is in his chest that powers his heart, and it tried to take a new host.” Steve’s arms tightened minutely around Tony, and Tony batted at his shoulder with his bare hand. “I was able to extract, and contain the power.”
"The time is One Twelve in the morning," Jarvis spoke at the small command. "Colonel Rhodes is still asleep, and Young Master Peter still sleeps soundly. There has been no change, no nightmares, and no further, visible, reactions."
Thor flipped Tony as they hit the ground, but Tony rolled with it, and kept himself on his feet with the help of his gauntlets, and shot right back at Thor. He went for a punch but Thor grabbed his hand; Tony went with the other hand, and Thor grabbed his arm. And then he started to squeeze, and he actually started to crush the suit.
"He's not slowing down!" Thor started to swing his hammer, gaining speed and momentum. Tony was getting far too close to the ground, far too fast.
"Sounds too Dominatrix," Tony said, reaching for the tablet that was on the bedside stand. "Jarvis prefers Lady as a proper title. I made him too stuffily British."
"I always pegged you as more of a mechanic, myself."
Tony squeaked his protest a little when Peter just kept on talking to Steve, casually mentioning Tony's sexuality. He couldn't blame the boy, it wasn't something that he would actually understand at the age of five, but Steve would.
“Oh? Oh what?” Tony raised an eyebrow at him.
Mary was surprised that Pepper waited until they were in the car to speak to her. "I've met you before," Pepper said as she slid into the backseat of the car, Mary into the passenger seat. Coulson glanced at Mary, but it was a little knowing glance, and that told Mary everything she needed to know.
"I'm sure that'll do it," Bucky grumbled out, and Tony rolled his eyes.
"School yard crushes," Tony said with a pout, crossing his arms over his chest.
“There’s a lot of glass,” Steve commented, arm around Peter until they stopped, to keep him from falling.
“There’s a lot of different Christian ideals,” Steve told him. “I’m a Protestant,” he said with a shrug. “I’ve got different ideals than most others, including the Pope.”
"I'm here for Pancake day." He dropped a kiss onto Tony's head, fingers massaging his scalp. They both deserved a few hours of sleep before breakfast time. "I have to leave Sunday morning."
"That's not a bad idea." Tony nodded, stealing a piece of bacon when Steve turned his head back to the stove. He pointed at Steve, sliding out of the kitchen. "That's actually a really good idea. I like it. Okay, I need to-"
"Depends on the reaction once I replace these wires," Tony told him, risking a glance. He could see Steve's blues eyes through the helm, concern written all over them. "This is either going to shut down, and everything will return to normal right away. Or it's going to release all the build up energy at once, causing small blackout that won't last long, and then after a few hours everything else will return to normal."
"You've probably figured out that he wasn't under any orders by anyone to kill Tony, or yourself." She took a breath, putting a hand to her right side. "He found me again, a couple weeks ago, but dressed as he is now." Steve glanced over at his best friend, now standing at the foot of the bed, and sure enough he was in civilian clothes. The world didn't have the face of the Winter Soldier yet, so he was able to walk still relatively safe. "I've only seen him a couple times, when I go out with the twins."
"You haven't seen the pictures from the Nineties," Tony warned him. Peter and Wade were waiting by the door where they knew Mary was getting ready. He leaned over the boys, and knocked twice. "Announcing four handsome men to see Ms Mary Parker one last time before she becomes something else!" Steve elbowed Tony gently, but he just grinned.
"I thought the apartment was supposed to spray for this stuff, I'd get your deposit back." Tony shook his leg out, making Peter squeal. "It's stuck tight, I don't know what to do."
"Mama!" Peter grinned, eyes shining, holding his hand out to show Mary. "Look, Mama!"
Crawling out he ran towards where they came from. "Wherever the loudest boom is, that's probably where Steve is. Steve is, uh, well, your Dad? That's gonna be weird until we talk about this. Anyway, that's where your handsome, DNA originator is." Tony blew out a breath as he found some stairs. "This is the most awkward conversation I've had with a baby. And I had a lot of awkward ones with Peter."
“He told me he doesn’t feel bad about that,” Steve told him. He could feel Tony’s look even if it wasn’t being directed at him. “Although, I think that Todd and Julie dating has been helping Wade worry a little less about his Mom.”
“This is moving very far from the point of this visit,” Strange interrupted, now looking a little bored. Tony let out grunt and dropped down to the couch again, moving a hand to his head as if he had a headache.
Tony's suit was dried, done for, it was barely getting him to New York. But Loki was giving him just one more reason to beat his ass. First he hurt Mary, then he killed Coulson, and kidnapped his son, but this? This was just a slap in the face, using his Tower like this.
The boy looked up with wide eyes, hands shaking that were gripping a gun. He was breathing pretty fast, and Steve could spot nearly half a dozen spots that were going to blossom into dark bruises later over the bare skin he could see. Trails of blood sliding down from a cut above his eye, and a split lip. Steve gently set the shield down and crouched down to his knees. “It’s alright, Wade, I’m here.” He put his hand out, gently taking the gun from smaller hands before setting it down, then Wade was throwing himself into Steve’s arms. Steve held onto him tightly when felt the first sob work its way through Wade.
“That would be the point of secret, Stark.”
"Jerk," Steve said with a smile. "Just looking for my friend back, Bucky. The guy that was always there in the alley, who had a mouth that rivaled a drunk's, and an attitude to match. The guy that didn't take no lip, or punch, for nothin' and was willing to give back twice as good as he got, for better and worse. The guy who had my back, no matter what. Till the end of the line."
Steve's belt was next, and Tony was even started to push his pants down with his feet in the need to get rid of their clothes. He was glad that Steve shared the sentiment when mere moments later all clothes were left carelessly on the floor, and Tony's hands were exploring the carefully maintained body of a super soldier.
"Yeah you do," Tony nodded, standing back up, hands resting on both boys head. "In fact, everyone is staying for dinner, and they're all upstairs."
"It's too late!" The Doctor was looking like Tony after a five day workshop binge. That was never good. "She wants to show us something! A new universe."
“But,” Strange interrupted them, “he wasn’t seen. The Titan only knows of my presence and power, and possibly that of Wanda Maximoff-“
"We don't celebrate Boxing Day in this house," Tony pointed up towards the ceiling. "Don't you forget it."
"Too concerned??" Her eyes widened a little at his words. "Tony, you just pulled out a smoking core from your chest, I think I have right to be concerned."
"It's unaccounted for." Tony groaned and almost banged his forehead against the desk. "I'll put out the order, that's going to be one of the top priority finds."
"Well, why wouldn't he want to walk to his Da-"
"I'm a Bounty Hunter, who stole a lightsaber!" He grinned, reaching over for another chimichanga before Julie grabbed the plate to help him.
Pepper looked at him. "And what do you plan to do with this information if I bring it back here?" He hated that tone.
"Steve, listen to me, don't interrupt. I've got people with Meg, she's on her way to the hospital. Tony's suit is being transported back to the Tower. Bruce is already working to try and track Tony, and Coulson is already calling in favors to get more eyes open for him." Steve felt himself sinking down, someone guiding him to a chair. "Let me help you take care of this, because right now, you're the only one who's able to take care of Project Insight." Hill and Fury must have updated her on everything. "You've got to do this."
, his body. “Allow me to help.” Steve sluggishly lifted his head back up to look at the woman. “Hail Hydra.”
"You're a horrible influence, Banner!"
"Just to give me flowers." Steve nodded again.
"I'm sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be-" Steve stepped forward now.
"Obviously they had missed some perfect opportunities." Steve snorted a little as he put some lasagna in a couple of containers. "Do you have a bed that you sleep in down there?" Bucky nodded and opened his mouth to contest the point, but Steve kept going. "Then it's a place that you live. Seriously though, I got two kids that I plan on teaching them to call you Uncle Bucky. What kind of Uncle doesn't pick up their niece or nephew?"
"Did you have any plans on going back out on your road trip?" Mary asked, looking down at her phone. They were both in work mode.
Tony’s nose twitched a little as he didn’t answer right away. “These were the first pair to arrive. They’ve been designated the workshop glasses.”
Time was running out. If that's what would happen, and it would keep both Mary and Peter safe, then that's what had to happen. He made a promise, and he was going to keep it. He wouldn't let this be Peter's legacy, he wouldn't let danger keep coming after him. "Just do it!" He shouted back down. Stane launched another missile and the roof shook, making him dangle, to where he could see Mary now.
“Mary!” He exclaimed with a slight blush. “What exactly did Bruce give you??”
"You must be the neighbor," Tony said when he saw that Steve was about to open his mouth, almost like he wanted to beat him to speaking. "I'm Peter's Dad, Tony."
"It's all Cap'n America!" He exclaimed, starting to wiggle in Tony's arms.
"Let me start with some of the first ones that my own parents asked me." Mary shifted her balance to one hip. "No, Tony doesn't pay me off. No, I don't blackmail him to spend time with Peter. No, I'm not in love with Tony Stark, neither is he in love with me. No, he isn't going to leave us."
“I told you!” Peter said with a grin. Jamie’s face had lit up, her eyes wide, and a huge grin was bunching up her chubby little cheeks.
"He's taking care of one of our warriors," Mary grinned.
"Yeah we do," Tony said with a chuckle. "Alright, Mister, you ready for the surprise?" There was a new exhibit opening at the Smithsonian, and Tony had timed it so they didn't have to wait too long in line. He didn't want to risk being recognized, but he wanted Peter to have fun. It was his son's fifth birthday, and Tony wanted it to be special.
"No, but he should be, shouldn't he?" Peter nodded. "I want to put an art room in the new Penthouse."
“I wanted to thank you for letting us move in.” Tony didn’t want to tell him that it wasn’t Vee’s first time living here, but he just nodded. “This might seem a little silly, but I was wondering if there was a reason that you weren’t there to give me the credentials in person, like you had with the others?”
"Yeah, gonna be big stuff, real proud of it. Hey, listen, don't wanna hold you up, I'm sure we'll see each other around, again." Tony pat his shoulder with his hand and started walking again. He could just circle around and take the back entrance to the building.
"Grand Prix," Tony reminded her. "F1 races, all that fun stuff. Really, it'll be all kinds of fun. I'll talk to the school-"
His own chest was bobbing up and down as he tried to get in as much air as possibly through his nose, not daring to think about moving his mouth away from the man under him. The way that Steve's tongue was mapping every inch of Tony's mouth was sending too much information to his brain, too much to feel, to properly sift through.
"You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?" Natasha looked at Banner, and both Bruce and Tony look back at her.
"I have had a contract drawn up, and it's just come back from Legal," Tony continued after a few moments. "I am willing to relinquish the Mark II into your custody, and control, under a couple of very specific details."
“You know, you’ve taught me how to use a Starkphone,” Steve told him. “I know how to text pictures as well. And where are you going to put all the pictures? I don’t think there’s enough room on the walls to go with the drawings and paintings.”
"I'm just getting my brownie points for being on top of things today," Tony said, glancing at Steve. "Let me build my ego before the magical moment shifts to someone else." Natasha had gone over to the couch, pulling Barton off of the couch and back to his feet.
"You were a man on a mission," Steve told him. "When you found out that he was still alive, you were ready to set fire to something. And then, when we needed more time, you did something incredibly stupid, but you bought time for Clint and Natasha." Steve's thumb brushed gently by Tony's mouth. The marks would heal without issues. "That was all you, and you did that without any prompting, because you care. None of us would be here if it wasn't for you, and that means you matter."
"Some people just aren't meant to be parents," Tony said, and he saw the frown deepen on Steve's face, his blue eyes becoming cloudier. This was really bothering the man. "It's why I was very careful, well, until I met Mary. Probably a good thing I don't drink as often anymore."
“I’d say that it would be a miracle if we make it past Christmas without something happening,” Steve whispered so he didn’t wake up Jamie, or the twins. “But, I’ll be happy if we can make it past Peter’s birthday. Preferably past Jamie’s first birthday.” Steve turned his head a little to look at Bucky. “How’s Meg doing?”
"Daddy!!" Tony stepped off the elevator and instantly got down on one knee to embrace the running child. He wrapped his arms around him, Peter's little arms wrapping tightly around Tony's neck in return, pressing his face into Tony's neck. "Daddy," he sniffed a little and Tony stood back up, hand rubbing circles on Peter's back. "I was scared, Daddy." Tony's heart broke a little at that, having horrible deja vu from a year ago in Monaco. "They were attacking you."
"So, the stairs over there," Tony motioned with his head to the end of the hallway, "lead up to the second floor. They can have any bedroom they want, the ones that are unlocked." Tony felt the need to leave, to take Peter and be somewhere else in the mansion. "If the door is locked, please, for the love of gods, no one go into that room. It's locked for a reason. If you need me, ask Jarvis, he can relay any messages." Tony was already moving down the hallway before Steve could say anything. Tony belatedly realized that his tablet was still in Mary's room.
"Whoa!" Steve looked at him. "Tony! There's a Peter in your arms!"
"About ten to Two," Steve answered. "I'm thinking we should get you up to bed."
"You can be a doctor and not have to work in a hospital?"
"No, but I'm a man," Tony said and both Mary and Rachel nodded. "This is reverse sexism."
“There are sometimes where it’s unavoidable,” Steve said carefully. He never liked having to take a life, but he also didn’t let it keep him up at night if he rid the world of a few less HYDRA Agents.
“Phil is getting my parents,” Mary started as she worked on mixing a new batter. “Meg’s got the twins, and Bucky,” Bucky shot her a look, “and Julie is on her way up. Bruce was up all night, so he said he’ll join us for lunch, and Barton and Romanoff will be back in time for the party.”
"No one's investing in any lessons," Steve replied as he put the uniform in his bag, followed by his gloves and belt. "I don't actually plan on dancing again anytime soon."
"No, I'm a business man," Tony said with a smile. "I also tried to give you a chance to find out before you and Peter decided to try and make a verbal contract."
"All night is a relative thought," Tony said as he stretched his arms above his head. His hips felt a little funky, having fallen asleep with his jeans still on, and sleeping properly. "I mean, I came in a little after one in the morning, and it's almost six now. That's not even the recommended amount of sleep a normal adult should get-"
"Did you even look at the song titles?" She asked. Bruce was working with Jarvis, trying to track the exact location of the woman. "Titles, not Artists. For once that doesn't matter."
Tony blinked a little. “You look all of Fifteen,” he blurted out, pulling his glasses off.
"It's fine, Cap, don't worry about it." Tony snapped a bracelet, testing it out, and he felt the quick, sharp sting. "And don't think that I don't see what you did," he added, getting a completely innocent looking Captain America face. "I said I didn't want anything for my birthday."
“Tony will get in touch with you, probably tomorrow or the next day, and you can discuss it from there.” Steve leaned on one side of the bed, putting Wade down towards the middle, Julie slipping onto the bed from the other side, bringing her son into her arms. He instantly turned, tucking himself neatly against her, eyes still closed. “I know you two will do what’s best for the boys.”
"I'm upset that you know my weakness," Tony muttered under his breath. He took a deep breath, and then another, closing his eyes for a second, then opened them again. "Fine, but only because I know that Rachel makes a fantastic apple cake, and if I'm not on top of it, Wade will try to find the peanut butter, and Peter can't say no to Wade."
Tony walked in and pushed the door shut, heading for the living room where Wade had gone back, too. Meg was laying out on the couch, this time with the pink hair that Steve had mentioned last week, casually pulling the skin off of an orange, while Peter and Wade sat on the floor with their homework. Tony glanced at the time on his watch. Not even four pm. The boys never worked on their homework until at least five.
“It wasn’t awesome,” Bucky said with a slight frown. “You aren’t supposed to get hurt while doing this.”
"Please, you saintly woman, you." He plopped himself in one of the kitchen chairs as she went to the coffee maker. She was still in her sleepwear, some long flannel bottoms with what looked like unicorns on them, (courtesy of Wade), and a short sleeve tee. Tony noticed that it was looking a bit loose, and knew that had lost a bit more weight from the treatments. "I'm hoping to keep it from them for as long as possible, but at least Peter will see me before he sees any reports."
“Dad told me about him all the time,” he told her, like he was telling her a secret. “He was a good man. He must have loved you though, for you to wait all this time.” She nodded a little, nudging his hand a little to keep petting her. “If you’ll let me, I want to be your friend.” Eevee moved closer to him, her back paws on his legs, while her front paws landed on his chest. She leaned up to lick his cheek a couple of time, pulling a small smile from the boy. “I know I can’t be him for you, but I’ll try my best, Vee.”
“Veeee,” she crooned out, a little sad. She stepped closer, putting her small front feet up on his legs. Tony’s fingers curled around the back of her ears to scratch softly and she trilled again, telling him that she liked it.
"I look like shit," Tony mumbled, catching a brief glance at his reflection.
Steve watched them leave the apartment, hearing the doors of the elevator slide closed, then he moved back for the nursery. He hadn't heard any talking from the baby monitor that was still in the living room, so he figured that they had turned off the component inside. Steve wasn't surprised to find that the door was locked, but as he went to knock, Bucky was pulling the door open for him. It was Bucky this time.
"Where would my room be?"
Steve let out a laugh. "Us? I'm pretty sure you Long Island-Italians got into more trouble than us! All your ego and flirtatious ways."
The phone rang and he jumped a little to grab it, shoulders slumping when he saw that it was in fact, said babysitter. "Jarvis tells me that you're in your workshop," she said as way of greeting.
"He followed you in every store you went into," Tony said, showing hacked footage of some stores and a restaurant. "And I thought it was just some fanboy who figured out your identity from those pictures last year, until I saw this." The footage from a restaurant paused, and Tony overlaid it a heat filter. "This footage I was watching live, Jarvis tracking it in real time, and I got a little creative." The mans' body was glowing reds and oranges, some yellow, except for his left arm. There were thin lines of red, but the outline was cooler blues and purples.
"Against men??"
"I thought I was Captain Sassypants?" Steve asked, arms crossed, still smiling.
"I am taking the longest vacation when all of this over," Tony said carefully. "Seriously." He took a slow controlled breath.
"How can you defend him?" Steve glanced over when he heard Rachel's voice behind him. Steve raised an eyebrow. "After everything's that happened? All the trouble that follows him? He's still known as the Merchant of Death."
“What just happened?” Tony blinked. “Something important happened, and I just missed it.”
“Ah, about how it was crashed, and how a certain Star Spangled Man showed up?” He shot a look her way, one that wanted to be angry and betrayed, but just couldn’t get there. He understood why she kept it a secret, and he really wasn’t hurt about it anymore, but he still wanted some kind of explanation.
“I’m blaming your DNA. Not even the serum, just, pure Steve Rogers,” Tony told him, walking over to sit down next to Jamie on the bed. He tugged her diaper up, making her wiggle, and she let out a squeak, but smiled. Tony turned to drop on his back, picking up Jamie to set her on his stomach. “Alright, lay down with Daddy. Papa is going to go talk to your brother, and order us some food.”
"Food that you haven't touched," Steve reminded him. "And most of this food will be for me."
"We're gonna have to make a list of everything you need." Tony sat down on the edge of the bed, watching Steve try to get restless legs into the outfit. "This is fun to watch."
Steve wiped down the counter after putting the used dishes in the dishwasher, then reached over to pick up Jamie, pushing the jumper into the far corner for now. He could see that Tony was engrossed in the footage by the small frown on his face, and figured he had another minute or so before he would notice what Steve had seen.
Steve wrote down a few more notes in his notebook, browsing through another website, stopping when there was a knock at his front door. He was sitting at the dining room table, papers spread out, pens, highlighters, and sticky notes sitting around the laptop, as he studied his latest future topic. He slid the chair out and went over, looking out the peephole, but didn't see anything. There was another knock, and Steve smiled, before opening the door.
"Go to sleep, Tony," Mary said, chuckling softly. "I'll see you in the morning, with the sun."
"Put on the suit," Steve said lowly, deadly. "Let's go a few rounds." Tony pressed his teeth together. He was ready to go-
"Where is he now Jarvis?" Mary stayed over by the door, the furthest spot away from Peter's room.
“You can’t sleep one day a week,” Mary told him sternly. “And it’s not sleeping if you pass out from exhaustion.”
"I know, but it's called being an adult. Now, go take a shower, and get dressed in clean clothes," Mary told him. "I'll be there with Peter in forty-five minutes.
"He doesn't want to." Steve slid out of the booth, grabbing the new diaper bag that Steve had packed up before they went into the diner, and leaned in to take Jamie from Tony. "But he will." Tony watched her face scrunch up as she yawned herself awake, turning to lay against Steve's chest as she was transferred. "She's going to be a creature of comfort."
"Oh." Tony slowly lowered the baby in his arms, and Steve took her back. He grabbed the towel from Tony's shoulder, that somehow missed getting ruined, and wiped her face. "There's baby barf on my shirt."
"Very vintage looking." Tony had though that Steve had discovered the Tiffany's glass store, or something.
"You're calling to check on me?" Tony asked, a little dumbfounded.
"Wade looks really funny when he's fast walking to the elevator." Steve walked over, leaning in to drop a light kiss on Tony's lips, trying not to get him sweaty either.
"Shit," Tony murmured, unable to look away. "This is, amazing." Tony suddenly started looking around the penthouse, at the bare walls, jumping up with the drawing in his hands. Steve blinked, turning on the couch to watch him. Tony pulled a painting off the wall, quickly replacing it with Steve's drawing. "I like this much better here. This is better than any other art in this whole Tower." Tony was resolutely ignoring the tingling behind his eyes, staring at the drawing for a few more moments. He hurried over back over to the couch, leaning over Steve and cupping his face with his hands, kissing him deeply.
“What was that noise?” Bucky said as she whined again. “It’s so distressing.”
“That’s how you know exactly how I was going to try and get out of it?” Tony asked, watching Steve nod. He let out a little sigh, slumping a little in his seat.
“Do you still watch it with Steve every week?” The brunette asked. She hadn’t been taking any notes, but was using the recording device that Tony had given her. It backed up all of their files to a secure server that Jarvis had access too, and everything stayed between Tony and his therapist.
"That's what I figured." Tony reached out to ruffle Wade's short hair. "Don't listen to what the teacher's say about you kid. If I thought that way about you, I wouldn't let you in my home all the time."
"Tony!" Tony looked up to see the man in black swinging past Steve again, headed straight for him. The metal arm was pulled back for a hit, and Tony was pushed back into the snow, the arm just missing him. Suddenly there was a spark and the man was shouting in pain, a butterfly knife sticking out of the elbow joint, locking it in position.
“I think that might be able to change, maybe just for a little bit.”
"It's not a problem, I had already grabbed my bags, and thought I would finish cleaning out the car," Steve said, putting Wade's bag on a chair, and Peter's on the bed. After picking Wade up from the hospital, his Mom had given them a key to their apartment and they picked up some extra clothes and stuff for him as well.
Steve was off changing into some dry clothes, seeing the last of the guests off, and Tony was picking up the pool toys and chairs that are around the pool itself. Natasha and Clint headed back for SHIELD, unable to stay for dinner, while Bruce, Mary and Coulson, and William and Rachel, were wrapping up the leftovers from the party, and probably ordering a pizza or something for dinner, while Peter and Wade had collected all the presents to put in Peter's room. Steve had said he'd be back down to help Tony with the clean up of everything else. He was going to let Steve grab the toys from inside the pool.
Tony felt like he had been punched in the arc reactor. It was crushing his chest, breaking his ribs, destroying his lungs, the shrapnel having a clear path towards his heart. "Does it burn? Every time you go to help out, that my son would still prefer me? Does it remind you of everything that you'll never have?"
Unbeta'd as usual and Marvel owns more than me. Also, all music belongs to those that wrote/performed/produced/etc them. I use them for humor and good times.
“Don’t torture the little one,” Tony said, his head swooping in over Steve’s shoulder, pressing a kiss to Jamie’s cheek. She giggled some more. “We need to get her into a sugar coma first.”
“No, his Aunt came. I was in the office, getting the fliers from the office when she signed him out.” Steve’s phone started to ring and he grabbed it, not looking away from Izzie.
"Can't," Tony said simply. "Call Reed, or Xavier's crew." Was Fury crazy? He was alone with his son, there was no way that Tony could go out there. "Where's Rogers? Or your spy twins?"
Tony's hand lifted to pat Steve's cheek. "Wouldn't have it any other way."
Steve turned to look at Tony, sharing the share look of confusion and dread. "How do you know it was him?"
“He thinks he’s pulling a fast one,” Tony whispered back, both men not looking away from the kids. “She used him to pull herself up, and he thinks if he teaches her to walk, then she won’t need that much attention.”
"You were yawning during your bath, baby boy," she told him as they turned down the hall, Steve following behind.
"Have a good night fella's!" Meg waved at Tony headed for the elevator with his tablet.
"Nice and easy," the voice whispered to him. "You got this." Tony wanted to believe it so badly. He felt his body start to shake, no, to shiver. He was cold. The arms started to wrap around him and he let out a strangled noise, arms pushing back weakly. "Sorry, I'm sorry, Tony." He could be hold down, he had to have the freedom to move. There was murmuring, quiet and rushed. "Tony, can you open your eyes? Bruce wants to put on a breathing mask to help you out, but we don't want you to get upset."
"You think it might be where they're conducting their experiments?" Steve asked her seriously.
Tony pulled out his phone from his pocket. "Jarvis, you there?"
“Yeah, like she asked me to stop her, and to make sure she didn’t leave the Tower.”
"She's good, she's been doing this for years, honestly." Tony looked over Peter's shoulder, watching him do his math homework. He smirked a little, proudly, as his son was working through them like it was elementary- well, like it was nothing for the little boy. "And, it frees me up enough to be there, more, for you and Peter," Tony added quietly.
"Because you’re Captain America?" Peter asked softly, soft sniffles still in his voice.
It was a lazy morning, every one staying around the table, Tony, William, and Rachel sipping on cups of coffee, Peter resting against Tony with the beginnings of a food coma going on. Steve had been about to start clearing the table, but Coulson and Clint hopped up and started doing it. Coulson gave him a pointed look, and Tony explained that the recipient of the birthday didn't do any grunt work on their special day. It was Parker Law.
“This is why you’re my favorite, Pete!” Rhodey called with a grin, grabbing the pass from Sam and tossing the basketball to land with a swish.
"Come soon! Bye-bye Daddy!" Tony froze a little when he heard Peter say the word that he had been trying to avoid.
“You love it,” Steve said with a smirk, turning back to face his boyfriend.
Tony saw the journal sitting on the counter, and he tried not to tense, but Steve felt it anyway. Their hands tangled together. "I heard that song a couple months ago," Steve started to say, and Tony looked away from the book. "After I was already in DC, after Valentine's Day. Maybe it was because I would have rather have been anyway but in DC at that time, closer to you, but I thought of us with that song." Tony looked up at him. Steve Rogers was incredibly sappy when he wanted to be. "I've been holding onto it for just the right time."
