“You’re married!” Jack shouted before he could stop himself. He’d learned about human marital ceremonies from the internet.
“No, Dean. I couldn’t. I’m in hell. Asmodeus took my cell phone. I’ve been here for three weeks.”
“So, Cas I was thinking about you driving that truck and having nothing to listen to but the top 40s and I just thought, what a shame, ya know? So I, uh… well here.” He handed him a small rectangular object and shoved his hands into his denim pockets as soon as they were empty.
.’ It means ‘I have placed my power of the heavens in this container, promise to guard these contents of him that is fallen.’” Cas watched as realization washed over Dean’s face. He reached over, unclasped the locking mechanism, and opened the chest. Dean took a shaky breath and sat down on the bed next to him.
Jack hesitated. He didn’t want to make Dean angry with him, but he felt it was important for him to know it was a possibility. “Well, it seemed like it all started when Sam was in the cage. You made a promise you would go to Lisa’s.”
He was sweating, he realized. He shucked his jacket and coat off, flinging them on the desk chair. When that didn’t help, he loosened the tie and tossed it on the floor. His shoes landed somewhere on the other side of the bed. He collapsed sideways onto the bed and ran his hands through his hair, yanking slightly on the curls at the crown to try to ground himself. The fabric of his clothing was bothersome against his flushed skin so he fiddled with the belt at his waist and wiggled out of the trousers. Then, he unbuttoned his top and let his arms fall away from his body with a sigh.
Lucifer was pestering him about Jack again at the moment, but Cas was trying very hard to block him out. He laid back on the bench and let his hands rest above his head. He tried to focus on his grace, feeling its movements in the ethereal plane. It was muted by the effects of hell and whatever Asmodeus was doing to keep him from busting out, but if he focused he could feel the movement.
It was true what he’d told the bartender. He was a bit confused about whether he was okay or not. He thought he was an idiot, for sure. He should’ve guessed how Cas felt. He shouldn’t have shoved his own feelings so deep in denial that he couldn’t recognize they were reciprocated.
, Shawn Mendes
“I think we should go to the bunker. We aren’t safe here.” He wrapped his arms over Kaia and Mary’s shoulders and spread his wings wide, liking the way it felt to stretch them. Flying was so easy now. It was like walking or talking. Once he learned how to do it, it was like he’d been doing it for centuries. He flew them to the bunker and looked at Mary. She was hurt, he realized. He’d seen Castiel heal people before, but had never done it himself. Maybe it was like flying though. He pressed two fingers to her forehead, and forced his powers to feel her injuries. They went easily to the spots that were damaged. Mary stiffened slightly and then relaxed as she felt the relief.
Cas had been locked up in Asmodeus’ cell for three weeks. Three weeks of listening to Lucifer’s never-ending babbling.  Three weeks of Asmodeus’ ridiculous suit. Three weeks of being surrounded by the stench of sulfur. Three weeks since he’d last talked to Dean. He was losing his mind.
Mary waved a greeting when Kaia looked at her and turned her attention to Jack, “Sam and Dean?”
Back in the bunker, Jack healed all their wounds and tried for casual as he brought up where he’d been. “So when I was looking for you I ended up in another universe. One where Castiel had never opened up purgatory and Dean and Castiel had never been stuck there. The angels had never fallen, and Charlie was alive. Lucifer had never gotten out of the cage, so I was never born.”
“Thank you. Jack, you said right? So you’re… I mean you’re Kelly’s son then? I was there, you know? The night you were born. Your mother loved you very much.” She smiled warmly at him and he felt immensely grateful that his mother’s last moments were with such a good person.
“Fuck.” Dream Cas disappeared as Dean focused on Cas in front of him. He pulled the sheets up around himself. Cas wanted to go to him and take over where the dream Cas had left off, but he knew he didn’t have much time before his grace would be too weak to hold him.
“It says ‘
Cas really hated Asmodeus. Way more than he had hated Crowley. At least with Crowley, you knew what to expect. Torture and babbling. Asmodeus either left him in here to listen to Lucifer babbling or he did the babbling all by himself. Didn’t anyone ever just shut up?
This was surprising to Jack, but not altogether alarming. He wasn’t blind. He could tell how much Dean and Castiel meant to one another. But he never considered that another turn of events in the past could have resulted in them being together today. For the next hour they talked about the differences between their two worlds. Then Jack explained to Castiel about his problem with finding his Sam and Dean with Dean’s soul being present. Castiel suggested that since he clearly knew so much about his Dean and Sam’s lives, he concentrate on that when he focused on them, so he would know which version to look for. Jack tried and when he felt a twinge from Sam or Dean, this time he didn’t jump straight to them. He searched their souls until finally he found a Dean that was longing for Castiel. Now that he had been near a Dean that did not have this constant longing imprinted on his soul it was easy to spot the others that didn’t either. He was shocked how many of them there were. He locked onto the one that was longing for Castiel and pulled himself through the door.
“How do you know about that?” Dean snapped.
Jack had lost Kaia, Dean and Sam. Kaia had been showing him the way to the universe that Mary was in and somehow they got lost. Jack was trying not to think about how he never seemed to do anything right, even though he tried desperately to be good. He had to find Dean and Sam, but he wasn’t sure how. He tried to focus on their souls. He wasn’t very good at this. If only Castiel was here to help. But he couldn’t think of that now. He had to find them so he could make sure they were safe.
The annoyance of thirst, hunger, fatigue, and urination was nothing compared to the chaos his mind and body entered when he had been face to face with Dean. Cas didn’t know where to begin in trying to make sense of it.
“Lucifer! Cas! Why is Lucifer there?” Dean gripped Cas’ tie in a useless attempt to hold him there, but Cas was already losing his grip on his grace and slipping out of the dream. He heard Dean yell his name like he was screaming under water, and then suddenly he was back in the cell. Asmodeus and two guard demons were standing in his cell staring at him. Asmodeus drawled, “Tell me, Castiel. What were you dreaming about?”
“Ah! I….” He sucked in his breath. “I… I have to go Dean. Luci…. Ah… Lucifer is calling me back.”
He walked out to the parking lot, and started towards the motel he’d booked.
“Yea, well if I knew this is how you would react I would’ve brought it to your attention sooner.”  Cas hummed his approval at that and moved his hand to tilt Dean’s chin towards him. He leaned in to take his mouth again, but was interrupted by a sharp jab at his grace.
Cas let his mind wander. He thought of Dean’s tongue skirting across his lips before he thrust a cassette tape at him, of Dean adjusting his tie before they entered a police station, of the way Dean laughed with his whole body and clapped Cas on his shoulder when they left the brothel, of the warm embrace Dean pulled him into when they reunited in Purgatory, of the way Dean’s Adam’s Apple bobbed and his eyes fluttered when Cas imitated Val Kilmer, of fingers gliding down his thigh when he was resurrected at April’s, of a hand squeezing – Cas’ eyes shot open as he felt a physiological response to the memories that were flooding his mind.
Dean’s face was painted in shock. “Lisa? I haven’t seen her in years.”
“Hello, Kaia.” She jumped.
He had been doing this exercise every few days for the last several weeks, wanting to collect as many of his feathers as possible while he still could. When he finished he tucked his wings back into the ethereal plane and stretched them out behind himself once more. He collected his feathers and placed them with the others in the bottom drawer of his dresser.
“Okay. Would you please lower your blade. For one, it will do nothing against me. For another, I’m not going to hurt anyone. You are my father. Not my natural father, but I want nothing to do with,” he grimaced before continuing, “with Lucifer!” he spat.
“Hello, Dean. Can I come in? It’s important.” Dean let the door fall open and gestured for Cas to sit with a sigh. As Cas sat on the edge of the bed, Dean closed the door behind him. “So, what’s up Cas? Tired of the outfit?”
“I am not an angel, Castiel. My mother was human.” Castiel’s eyes shot up with realization. “And your father? Who sired you?”
“I’m so sorry, Kaia. I should have held tighter to you. I lost Sam and Dean on the way. But I did rescue, Mary,” he added sheepishly.
It was annoying how quickly he needed to urinate after hydrating. He tucked the grace into the drawer. He wasn’t quite ready for it yet. When he was exiting the bunker’s bathroom after taking care of his human chores, he reached in to flick off the light switch and when he turned forwards smacked into a solid object he wasn’t expecting. It took him a moment to realize the object was a person.
, Emily Brontë
Their reactions were exactly what he had been expecting. They went for the attack. He let them come, and focused on controlling his emotions so he wouldn’t hurt them. He stood completely still as Castiel shoved the angel blade into his chest and Dean shouted about him being the spawn of Satan. Then he calmly took the angel blade out of his chest and handed it hilt first back to Castiel. “Like I said. It won’t do anything to me. And I really don’t have to time for this. I need to find Sam and Dean.” He tried to focus his powers on Sam and Dean, but it was muted by Dean’s soul being so close to him. This Dean’s soul was different though. It felt more full. Brighter, if that was possible.
“Well you could have called, Cas.”
“This is a lot better than my dream,” Dean said with a smirk. Cas chuckled, “Yea well, that’s because I’m real. Or as real as I can be here. I… Dean, I had no idea you even wanted this. I was so shocked.” Cas rolled over to lie on Dean’s side and watched Dean’s blush paint his face scarlet. Cas drew circles on Dean’s chest, until Dean turned to look at him.
“I… Dean, I regret I don’t have much time. This is very important, Dean.”
“Yes, I know. I’m sorry. But Dean, I wouldn’t be here unless it was absolutely imperative that I speak to you.”
“Well… I do know you. Or a version of you. But you aren’t married. To my knowledge you haven’t even come close to anything like marriage since Lisa. Or at least, that’s what I learned from Castiel. I… I was connected to Castiel before I was born. I learned all about your lives through him. And I’m certain Dean was never married.”
Dean approached the bed and took the box, running his fingers over the engravings. “What is it?”
“Cas, what are you doing here? This is so not cool. We talked about this stuff, man.”
Being human was… painful. And disorienting. He had gone over this plan hundreds of times. Thought endlessly of the times he had been human before. He thought he had it all worked out. He thought he was prepared this time. He wasn’t anticipating the intensity of… feeling that he felt towards Dean.
He glanced up at Dean and saw him and Castiel standing very close together and whispering. Castiel had Dean’s hand in both of his. He was rubbing soothing circles over a ring around Dean’s finger.
They’d done it. Defeated God and then the kid was all mega powerful and being cryptic and Dean was torn about how he felt about it. On the one hand, he wanted Jack close. It didn’t matter that he was essentially God now. He was under Dean’s umbrella and that meant Dean had to be there to protect him. Your kid doesn’t stop being your kid just because they become something bigger than you. That’s the point right? You raise kids to be better… to be bigger. In Jack’s case much bigger, but same concept.
Cas had been expecting this question, but it didn’t make it any easier to answer. It was made even more difficult by his recent… emotional turmoil. He spoke slowly when he answered, “I don’t want to be without you. I want to… experience life alongside you. You have been my family for years. I can’t imagine a life where I’m not with you.”
keep on coming back to me
“I was hot,” Dean’s eyes narrowed in suspicion, but before he could interrogate him Cas pulled the chest onto his lap. “I have something for you,” he said as he held the it out for Dean.
He opened his eyes and looked around. He could tell he was in the bunker, but the walls looked slightly faded, which was odd because every other time he’d walked in Dean’s dreams he had noticed that Dean’s dreams were very detailed. He had assumed it was because Dean was a hunter and his senses were sharper than most humans. He heard movement near the bedrooms, so he turned down the hallway towards Dean’s room. As he turned the doorknob, Dean spoke. “Ca- Cas,” he whined. Cas had been expecting Dean to be hurting. Maybe dreaming of being attacked by a monster or something. He had definitely not been expecting what he walked into.
“Castiel? I… I wasn’t expecting to find you here. I was looking for Sam and Dean. But I…” he paused, and looked intently at Dean. Something felt different here. It wasn’t the Dean he knew. “You aren’t my Dean. Neither of you know me. I am from an alternate universe and I lost my Sam and Dean. I’m trying to find them.”
“Dean! I’m so sorry! I didn’t see you!” His hands fluttered down Dean’s arms hoping he hadn’t hurt him. The muscles his hands grazed sent a spike through his stomach he hadn’t been expecting.
He sat up and turned to Lucifer and saw that Lucifer was staring at him curiously. He glanced around to see if there were any demons around but they were alone for the moment.
When I've drowned you with these perfect lines
He was startled out of his reverie by a touch of his grace that was both familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. It was familiar because he could tell instantly that it was Dean. It was unfamiliar because he was sure that it wasn’t a prayer. His vessel had no way to directly translate the feeling of a prayer, but it was a lot like a whisper in his ear. It wasn’t quite longing, either. Longing felt more like a caress or a tickle on his skin. This was close, but not quite. It was almost like someone was blowing softly on his skin. He focused his grace on Dean now that he had the connection to him and realized Dean was dreaming.
Two nights in a row! Whaaaaat
Universe travel made you feel like a mouse collapsing its body to fit under a door. Boneless and empty for a fraction of a second before your body rebuilt itself on the other side. At least that’s how he felt it. He had no way of knowing how a human would feel. Thankfully, they both made it through. He could instantly sense that Kaia was here, but Sam and Dean weren’t. Their feet had barely touched the ground before he was flying them to Kaia. She was walking along the side of the road.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas lifted his hand to Dean’s face and smoothed his fingers across his cheekbone. Whether it was because he didn’t have a firm grasp on his reactions or because it just felt like the right thing to do at the moment, Cas wasn’t sure, but Dean responded by leaning his cheek into Cas’ palm and closing his eyes. Dean’s reaction seemed to release a dam in Cas’ control. He snaked his hand behind Dean’s neck and leaned in until their lips were inches apart. He paused, unsure if Dean wanted this, but Dean met him the rest of the way. Their lips moved together in a way Cas wasn’t expecting. It felt different than kissing April or Meg. It felt like kneading a piece of clay. Like they were of the same mold. When they came up for air, Cas panted his gratitude again, “Thank you, Dean.”
to take part. His brothers always tried to get him more involved, and they struggled with Gabriel´s neverending intent on slacking off.
“It is a male baby”
“Cas. Come on”, he pleaded, getting closer, frowning, “Talk to me, man”
“How about I call her now, huh?”
“You sure you´re alright?”, Dean asked in disbelief, tugging on the neck of his tunic to peek behind it with a grimace.
Right now, they were closer to the High Academy of Magic, situated on a mountain top; than the Mighty Spire, placed on a valley in the very center of the Azula region. The altitude was considerable, so only conifers and small bushes like junipers or heathers grew here. Like in any Doomed Forest, where plants and monsters seemed to grow exceptionally big, the pines there were wide enough for two people to be able to surround them with their meeting arms. However, this part of the woods was not densely packed, so he could see a bit into the distance, and except in regions where several pines had huddled together, the branches allowed him to see the sky.
“Oh?”, Dean asked in an interested tone, “And what´s that?”
“Aside from that, all of my resources would be at your disposal. Look around”, Castiel made a gesture to his room, “Money? You have it. Potions? I´m preparing two healing potions right now, and I have some ointments that will be very useful. And that´s what I could scrape up in a moment´s notice”
“What”, he heard Dean chide, “were you thinking?”
. He supposed the angel had a point. At the end of the day, his dad was a ruthless hunter, and his fame preceded him.
“I know, Dean”, Castiel answered softly, concerned, “But you know that if you are not alright, you won´t be able to help any…”
“No, Dean”, said the angel with half a smile, “All you can do for me is allow me to rest. Keep me in a safe place until I can… recharge”, he squinted as he made an effort to use a euphemism.
“Cousins, other brothers…?”
want to be punched again, thank you very much.
When the last spike was out of him Kevin gulped a sob of relief, and got out of the damned chair as fast as his limbs allowed him. He almost tripped in the process, but Sam caught him.
But he trailed off… his eyes locked onto the hunter´s.
The hunter eyed his wounds for a second; the bitten shoulder, the cuts on his torso, his… Fuck, his freaking hand. The fire had eaten up the fabric of the shirt and trenchcoat all the way up to his elbow; and the skin on his hand and wrist, and part of his lower arm… was twisted. Like a wax candle after several hours of dripping. It alternated between scorched black and angry, bloody red.
The angel pressed his lips in frustration and looked sideways.
“Cas…?”, asked Dean in the still, strange moment.
“Heya, Cas”
“Good evening, Uriel”, nodded Cas back.
They had done this before. They could do it again.
Cas just nodded as he concentrated on breathing. He was not willing to let Dean know he had been helping himself with magic the whole time. He took the handle of his travelling bag, which crossed his chest diagonally, over his head to leave it by his side; and toyed a bit with the protections on his forearms. He had not adjusted them enough, and they had moved a bit as he ran, leaving some marks on his skin. He willed them healed right away and started readjusting the buckles.
and apparently,
He saw one of them crouch to jump and, unable to keep two spells at the same time, he let the light die out as he flung his left hand towards it: the creature was swatted in mid-jump and fell scrambling into the forest ground.
Since both he and his brother had said they couldn’t make it that weekend…
“No, I’m pretty sure he made it out alright”, he said, turning towards Cas, “C’mere”
He heard a small thump on the bathroom door, and he looked at it for a second. Nothing happened. Another thud. Cas frowned slightly. Was that… knocking? Was Dean asking permission to come back?
“They´d like to know”, Dean stated.
After that, not happy about having being caught with his mind wandering twice already, he really tried to follow the rest of the conversations, but it was hard. It did not help at all that his plans regarding Dean made more sense the more he thought about them. His mind wandered over and over towards the hunter; and the excitement for the new ideas he was weaving broke the knot on his stomach… and he suddenly found out that he was actually very hungry. He had, after all, skipped breakfast and lunch. He concentrated on eating and trying to keep track, failing horribly on the second task.
and emotions and words were just
The peasant had barely looked back at Cas to check if he followed in all this time, and they had exchanged no words for a long while. Dean still didn’t look at him, eyes examining the forest floor with almost a hungry expression.
deal”, Dean countered, “In the heat of the moment, everyone chooses whatever they think it's best. And sometimes that means taking a bullet for someone else”, he started flipping bacon on the pan, “But man, bringing a suicide plan from home? That´s just too fucking much. I just don´t get it, man”
“Thank you”, he murmured, looking down, “I’m very sorry for the delay”
“A… brain transplant?”, Castiel blinked in disbelief.
“I don´t truly know, Dean. I´m just rambling, I might be wrong. He´s said that angels don’t feel like we do. Maybe all I´m saying is a bunch of nonsense”
“Yes”, the mage cast a glance back, a chill running down his spine.
“And the dagger?”
He blanched, eyebrows rising slowly in disbelief.
“You are welcome”, he said, so petulantly that Dean knew how smug he felt for doing for him that he had liked. The bastard.
“Fuck…”, escaped his lips in a raspy whisper.
Cas looked up at him when he got to the bed. Dean stared at him, breathing slower. After his anger had spiked, the wariness of the day was catching up to him again, and he felt so tired.
too… Dean, think of the damage Crowley could have done with it”, he inclined his head to him, as if asking him to be reasonable, “It was too important to be… squeamish. I doubted we could fight Crowley on his turf, and be victorious. I knew we would have to take whatever win we could get. So, if any sacrifices needed to be made… they had to be made. And, if a choice must be made between all of us…”
Almost six months now, three to go- though those things varied? Dean just couldn´t wait.
“Keep it in your pants, folks”, another said, raising both hands.
For a tiny second, Dean felt a dejá vu. He felt again on that barn, the first time he´d seen Cas. Cause his eyes were stormy, promising mayhem. His annoyance was gone, replaced by a deep fury, and… hurt, he could see too.
“But… the sword will be right there”
“Well, as I see it”, the hunter´s eyes run over the whole gathering for a moment, “there are a lot of things to celebrate today. Your mum´s birthday. Jess. And, you know”, the old man bobbed his head to one direction.
He knew that the razor in his hand would be worth twenty meals
They looked at each other for an instant, panting; the few enemies left wary of them, a bit far away.
I´ll be floating on air...*
Dean saw how Crowley rose a hand, some angry sparkling red energy growing into a ball between his fingers, his eyes fixed on the angel´s back. Their only way back.
An agonized shriek.
“What… What is that?”, Kevin whispered at his back.
As he tilted the bottle again, Sam looked up at him frowning, pressing his lips in disapproval. He had softly advised him not to drink if he was gonna have painkillers, and had made bitchface nº 42- I
“Oh. We should go to her”, Dean stated.
But one of the creatures suddenly turned his attention from him.
“Well, I gotta say, that monster repellent smells like hell, but works like a charm”, the hunter said as he took his bag from his shoulders and dropped it on the forest floor beside him, “We haven´t found anything yet. Last time I was here, I had to stop and fight something every ten fucking minutes”
“That´s… the only recipe I know”, Cas smiled faintly.
“Back, back, back”, he said as he kept backpedaling.
Had that been his brother´s voice, calling his name?
He knocked, opened the door, and found Castiel with his eyes closed.
The immediate explosion roared in the clearing, throwing a punch of hot air and acrid smell that shook Castiel´s hair and clothes. He fell to the ground, Dean beside him, as the plant screeched in obvious pain. The mage looked back at it, seeing it partially covered in flames, the flowerheads opened wide to the sky, the vines squirming- having let go of him.
The woodland fiends were big things, around eight feet tall, basically humanoid. Thick black hair covered most of their bodies, skipping their faces and chests. Their huge hands were tipped in razor claws, their fangs protruded from their lips, and two viciously curved horns crowned their heads.
“Well, I feel like crap”, Dean grunted, “Worse than this morning”
normal headache- that was well settled on the center of his forehead. He looked back at Dean with a grimace.
Which he would lose if he’d made Cas so mad that he kicked him out, obviously.
“Y… You wouldn’t snap out of it, nothing I did worked”, Sam was answering fast, nervously, “I-I screamed at you, I slapped you; nothing…”
“I want you there”, he said looking him straight in the eyes.
“Cas called”
The sword. The hunter´s bag.
Cas pressed his lips and looked away as Dean started taking all of his belongings out of the bag, not wanting to pry, and his eyes found one of the corpses. He realized with surprise, it had been the one he had chosen to try and take a tooth from it. He looked at it for a moment… before advancing and kneeling beside him.
“Don’t”, asked Cas, looking at him with a slight frown, “Thank you, but… I want to learn as much as I can”
. Fergus of the House of Crowley was a very powerful mage that only cared about getting more power. The population starved, suffered all kinds of hardship- while getting incredibly high taxes and very little in the way of rights. Protests gave way to rebellions, and rebellions gave place to Heaven’s War- an armed conflict where the followers of Crowley fought an organized population that even through hardship, put together an army that started to conquer back several places that stopped paying taxes and took over the warehouses of food and supplies of Crowley’s army.
He ran to their side, dipped his hand unafraid onto the flames- and
“I lost a brother in the Apocalypse”, he snapped.
https://go.ivoox.com/rf/61164859
“Shit!”
, to appear out of nowhere just by main desire- but he could also use it to smite his enemies. That is, burn them from the inside out. Lightomancy also had some purifying capabilities, that would end certain curses or remove impurities from something or someone… and it could also
“You two”, Mary said, hands on her hips, “You said you couldn´t make it this weekend. You set me up!”
he thought to himself
Cas took a deep breath and let it out in a long exhalation. That had been awkward. He had really hoped the hunter would just accept his help without him having to explain who he was, and where he stayed, saving them both the awkwardness and prejudice and just be patient and healer. But he should have known that would not work if he had to stay more than one night. Which, with his fever, was the case.
, Dean”, Cas explained in a paced tone, as if talking to a small child, “And you, and Sam, are
Dean raised his eyebrows in understanding and started to slowly smile.
At least a dozen old bodies- vexhounds aside, those were pretty new- laid on the forest floor. They had been dead for days, were partially covered with the falling leaves of late autumn, and critters and flies had gotten to them by now. Sammy had obviously found the nest and fought the creatures- alone.
As his abdominal muscles strained, he felt the hunter tense and a grunt of pain escaped him. Castiel forgot everything as he put a reassuring hand on his chest again, while his other hand flew to one of the bottles in the nightstand and poured some liquid over his wounds.
“Then we kill the damn thing. But what the fuck is it?”
They both took a sandwich, rose it to each other as a toast, and sank their teeth on it. They emitted twin groans of pleasure. They both were used to fast cooked recipes, but they never got tired of them, and they were
Porn, pie, fear, joy, Cas, Sam, Hell, sex, pain, death…
“Riiight. Homophobia is a thing among nobles, isn´t it?”, he grunted.
A small fire of hurt blazed on Castiel’s chest.
Cas scrunched his eyes furiously, trying to
And the people on the floor started moaning.
“I don´t know, man”, the man said, shaking his head unsurely, “I can´t get distracted, I…”
Dean looked away, wrinkling his nose in anger. It sure was. Shit
“You look stunning”, he declared.
“Cas?”
The mage looked up and squinted as he looked at the treetops. There was a part where the light seemed to shine brighter, where the sun must be.
Castiel gave him a compassionate smile. The last thing Gabriel Southernstar wanted was to be intertwined with politics and nobility responsibilities, yet his condition as fourth son entailed that he sometimes
“Okay. Anyway, I trailed off… What I was meaning to say was…”, he seemed to doubt or struggle for a second before looking up at Cas with half a smile on his lips, “You ain’t half bad, mage. You don’t know shit, but you try damned hard, and you got guts. You’re resourceful and you think quick. I think maybe there’s some material to work with”, he said with his half-smile reaching his eyes, and then his voice got a bit softer, “And thanks to your map, and the repellent… we got closer to Sammy. I gotta thank you for that”
“That’s- that’s good?”
“Uh… thanks?”
”, Dean growled.
“I hear”, John kind of sighed as his eyes roamed the whole garden, “that you have taken good care of my boys one time or two”
As Cas started to stand up, something caught Dean´s eye. A plate on the desk. He raised his eyebrows as he realized he´d left half of his sandwich there last night. He took the plate, sniffed a second at it, and was immediately getting a bite from it. He turned to Cas with a warning look along the lines of
“Is your investigation progressing correctly, my son?”, asked his mother.
“Of course not”, Cas conceded, a fake serious expression on his face.
with monsters. Like, never seen anything like it”
“Make some toast, I´m almost done with these”, Sam said.
“Sure you can handle it?”
“I saw”, Dean smiled at him wickedly from below, “Totally unintended, but man, totally worth it. Your face…”, he snickered as he grinned.
“Today´s dinner, my lord?”, the servant asked, looking confusedly at him.
Suddenly, an urgent knock on the door.
“You´re healing yourself now, then?”
Dean had tried to get to all fours, but as soon as he moved his left leg he aborted the attempt, the pain of his knee quadrupling. He clamped a hand over it, hissing.
Grimacing, eager not to become the next lump, he threw the biggest pulse of force he could muster under his nerves.
”, Dean smiled eagerly at him, tilting a bit forward, “ain’t it?”
“I was taken by the Darkness, too”
“I think… that in this whacky world, if you find something that has the
“Just once, Dean”, he said seriously, even ominously.
The anxious tension in Castiel’s chest started softening.
“Children, from you or Sam?”
“How did he do it?”
Dean nodded at him, and Cas put a warm hand on his shoulder before leaving.
Dean ground his teeth for a second, frowning furiously.
The angel frowned in slight confusion, his gaze shifting between Sam and Jessica.
Time between plagues: 5 years.
The angel blinked and looked towards Jess and Sam again.
He walked into the shower and waited till Dean popped his head inside, looking around with a guarded frown of incomprehension. Cas was standing over a metal rack set on the floor, and he pointed to the symbols engraved in the far end wall.
“Yeah. Yeah, I was knocking”, he said crisply, trying to fake composure, “That´s what… I did not want to catch you off guard. Like, you know. Like before”
“Really fucking tired, Sammy. But fine”, he grunted.
He blinked once. Twice. It was dark, and he had badly cleaned blood on his nostrils, but…
“Lucifer… healing magic deals with the
“You good?”, the hunter grunted wryly, but softer.
good. He saved me both times. The doctors said that I was practically undone when he got to me, but twice he put me back together”, Cas smiled to his memory, “He saved me, he brought me back”
“I… I mean it”, he said awkwardly, “I don’t apologize easily so if I do it- believe it. I like ya, Cas. You’re good people, you’ve helped me a lot, and I really want to help you too. You deserve it, man. I ain’t no liar. Said I would help you too. That hasn’t changed, either”
Crowley breathed deeply for a second, controlling his rage, and rose his hand again.
After a few tones that he barely heard over his pounding heart, a chirpy voice came through the speaker.
“Hello”, Castiel finally said.
“Can I…?”, the hunter started asking, but then his eyes lowered as he thought.
“Lots, and I mean
“Sam´s trail was close to the bluestone, but it was heading north”, Dean informed, “So I´m guessing our best shot is the north nest”
“What does your fiancée think about you wanting to enlist in the army? It’s dangerous shit”
“I placed an anonymous call to the cops, they will be here soon. We should leave”
Castiel couldn’t help but widen his eyes, pride revolving shy on his chest.
“Cas”, he said softly.
Castiel blinked at him, then he understood. He had started frowning in unstoppable horror when Dean burst out laughing.
He stressed for some moments about what could he do. Not much, it seemed. Days had passed, and he couldn’t go back in time; no one could, not even with magic. All he could think was
. I bought it, and it´s in
The mention sombered Cas a bit, but he braced himself not to show it. It made his smile disappear, though.
“You sure you don’t have any substitute or something?”, the hunter groaned as he started rummaging inside his bag.
Kevin inhaled, his heart racing. They were here! To rescue him.
If Dean hadn´t warned him…
“Whoa!”, Dean looked at him wide-eyed, “Really?”
His mother looked to both of them in surprise, as Cas lifted his head quickly.
“No”, the man rasped, “Why are you healing me?”
“I- don´t know”, he said clumsily, guarded.
All of the beasts jumped towards Dean to attack him as he landed, while he was off-balance. He jumped back almost as soon as he touched the ground, dodging two wolves; he lashed at both with twin upward attacks that made them whine and retreat a couple of steps. He had to dodge, roll on the ground, jump as he got to his feet again as one after another the wolves lunged at him.
“Duuude”, Dean shook his head in disbelief, “You´re like, going around
“… oh”, his baby brother finally answered back.
Alriggt, he might not be an expert, but after years and years of studying and training, he was no
“House of the… As in one of the four Houses that control the fucking kingdom?”, Dean asked slowly.
“Says to combine everything. The Echidna from the myth goth her head was severed, so… we cut her head with a blade bathed in lamb´s blood”
Thinking about Dean got him to his previous train of thought. He remembered the scene he had lived in the forest with the giant wolves. He also remembered Dean talking about him not spending much time in the field. The truth is, he didn´t. He had gone through years of training, but in closed classrooms, in controlled- in other words,
Oh. Yes, his brother was waiting. Hopefully…
“… but there´s something that you need to understand”, he continued.
, what defines us, what stays with us every time we go to bed and our bodies switch off”
He felt Castiel´s hand on his cheek, making him look into his eyes. The angel looked extremely worried for him, suffering for his suffering.
The mage stopped and looked back.
“Holy shit, Sammy”, he murmured, “Did I break your fucking nose?”
“It’s good”, he said, looking up at the hunter, “It’s… The flavors, they… They mix. It works”
“Sammy, there´s something on the floor!”, he warned in a grunt.
“No!!”, screamed Cas, starting to run.
“Really? No questions asked?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking out one of the windows was Uriel, hands laced behind his back, his shaved head glinting slightly in the golden light of the room. A tunic hung to his ankles, and it was of a purple so dark, that it seemed black until light shone directly on it, making violet glints shine from the flowing robe. He seemed pensive. He always had a serious, even ominous air to himself. He was two years older than Cas, and they had a cordial relationship.
was all right.
“Uh… no”
The impact made stars shine behind his eyes, and for a moment there was only pain. A very distant part of his mind was aware of a broken nose and blood leaving him, and his healing magic immediately worked to dissipate his dizziness, to make him able to open his eyes again.
“Crowley!!”, roared the angel, impotent while seeing him leave.
Dean looked up at him, frowning slightly.
Sam, Dean and Cas manage to rescue Kevin from Hell, where Crowley had taken him so he would restore and decipher the Angel Tablet. During the attempt, Cas is hurt by Holy Fire, and can only escape a cage made of it due to a reckless impulsive action from Dean. When a tentacled monster finally stops them, Cas manages to fly them all back to the bunker. They have recovered Kevin... and the Angel Tablet too.
“You live an hour from here, Sam”
“Dean”, the angel called at his back.
The End (monsters) arrives 1 year later, with the end of the war (10, 14, 12).
And he propelled him violently to the other side of the flames.
“I honestly don´t know, but… maybe a message? Maybe a location of where he is? Or what exactly he wants us to do…”
them. He knew he could, he knew how. His face turned into a determined, angry mask.
“What the fuck?”, he asked again, tensing even more, turning towards Cas, “What the fuck was that? Is that normal?”
“You really aren’t”, he murmured, anger still gleaming on his eyes.
“Neck”, pointed out Castiel in a deadpanned sigh.
“You know… I´ve started to be a little curious myself lately”
On the other hand, if a new painting was done… he would not be able to see their faces anymore. At least he still had that image of them, that moment of thirteen years ago.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you have fun today?”, he asked in a soft tone.
… Oh boy, would that have fucked him up to hear that if it were him.
“Yes, Mother. Of course”
“Oh, oh,
mental list. Then he focused on how ravenous he felt, and left the cloth on one side to open his little bag.
Then he pursed his lips in a bitter smile. When had that stopped him, again?
“Sammy”, he rasped, worry making his demeanor even more fatigued, “He left on a hunting trip... and I haven ́t heard of him in a few days”
“Do I really have to remind you of the dangers of a wound being infected or poisoned?”, said Castiel, a note of frustration in his voice.
“We’ve been lucky they weren’t drinking in the stream”, the hunter murmured as he looked forward, never stopping.
“You won´t be fast enough”, he breathed out shakily as tears flowed down.
He read that. Kevin read that and paled. The Demon Tablet was lost… but only for now. Crowley could do damage with the Angel Tablet… but with the Demon one? He would be unstoppable.
in the
“And I told you too that I’m no expert”, Castiel answered slowly, seeming to be controlling low nerves, “But my brother told me to expect something like this. This spell relates to one’s essence- and it is normal to think that you are more you than your brother. So it would stand to reason that one flame was steadier than the other”, Cas explained calmly, “I have never done this spell before we did it together, but Gabriel told me not to worry if the flames behaved strangely. This looks exactly like what he mentioned. You didn’t see, but it was the same the last time we did it”
Dean gestured in the general direction of the lab; the oak workspace, the trinkets, the colorful containers, and brass lab equipment.
“I understand. Also… I think you have labeled me as
This wasn´t happening. This
“Yeah. Okay. What about you?”
But he was starting to get used to some things, if he was honest with himself. The food, the shower… and he felt a bit guilty on occasions. He knew the things Cas gave him- the potions, the food- were daily stuff for him… but Dean was more than aware that if he told any of his hunter friends about his situation, they would laugh their asses off and say that he had gotten himself a damned noble sugar daddy.
“You´re such a baby…”
The blond woman tilted her head pensively, looking at him… and got close enough to cling to his arm and perch her head on his chest.
And the hunter started running, heart on his throat.
…”, he heard Dean grunt behind him, and the sounds of him getting to his feet.
That made Dean snort and chuckle some more, and he shook his head as his laughter died.
“Shit. How many?”
“What… was that?”, asked Sam, his gaze lost in the distance with a small frown.
“I-I don’t know…”, he answered, though he knew Dean was not searching for an answer from him.
“I´m sorry”, Cas said squarely.
“That sounds awesome, Cas”, Dean finally said, grinning widely.
“Oh…”, he said involuntarily.
. That´s gotta have been the worst reaction to…”
“So yeah, Dean, Jess and I thought we could have lunch with you and dad, is that so bad?”, Sam smiled.
, he thought.
“She… she knows. She’s always known. We nobles have duties in exchange for our privileges. So, it’s not like she can complain”
“I wouldn´t even ask questions, you know”, Gabriel continued saying as they walked together, “If you ever need, I don’t know! Drugs! Suspicious ingredients for your nerdy potions! Tell me and I´ll get them for ya, I swear”
“Yeah, yeah”
“I don´t think it likes the flames”, whispered Sam, “Hasn´t attacked us unless we got away from them”
Dinner consisted of a potent venison stew that had Dean moaning briefly and asking what the hell did they put on that thing. Cas told him about the spices his family imported from the eastern region of the Kingdom, and how his mother had always loved them, given she had been born there. Dean protested his monster atlas, telling him all the names were wrong, Cas had insisted that the name of a creature was the one its discoverer gave it; and they spent some time debating if the name most people called something was more valid than another that would be more accurate. They also went through the events of the day.
“What?”
“You go around healing everyone’s boo-boos all the time?”, the hunter asked, as if that notion was preposterous.
try and do something like that again”, grunted in a menace that promised pain.
, screamed everything inside him. No, it couldn’t be. He had to do something. Anything…
“Dean wait, just… hold on a minute”, the mage asked, raising his hand pleadingly.
“I… no”
“Hey… Dean?”
“So let´s do this. Let´s… try. If you´ll have me…”
He frowned a bit at his headache, and apparently, Gabriel noticed, because he gave him an inquisitive look.
The chest of the hunter rose and fell peacefully, and a warm feeling had bloomed in Cas ́s heart upon realizing his breathing was more stable. Above his training, his studies and his duties- Castiel was a caretaker. He fully knew that the world needed more warriors than healers, and would continue to train to serve to the best of his capacity. But at the end of the day, this was his true essence. His patient had been dying, but now rested comfortably between warmth and care. Deep contentment filled him, as well as the slightest bit of pride to have been responsible for achieving that. Those feelings mixed with the crackling of the fire, the soft candlelight, and the weariness from the long day, and lulled him into a state of peaceful relaxation. He was home, he was safe, and everything was alright. He had saved a life. He sighed with a small smile as he continued swiping. Softly, repetitively, and relaxing.
“So you can´t look for him?”
“But, uh, other than that…?”, Sam said in lamely concealed worry, “You´re alright? I mean, it… it must have been a lot. What you saw…”
A gasp, the clanging of the knife as she dropped it, and her wide eyes as she whirled towards him.
Dean´s bark startled him and made him look up in time to see something sharp flying towards his face.
He was only eleven, and every instinct on his body told him he was going to die.
Fiancée. Marriage.
“Oh. Thanks”, Gabriel smiled.
, he heard the memory of the voice of his father in his mind,
“Oh, yes”, added Castiel intensely, “I can´t believe we had a chance to get it back. I´m so glad we recovered it”
The three of them drank and looked at the garden. From afar, Dean saw Sam look at them and widen his eyes, open his mouth in awe, and pat his mum´s arm to get her attention before pointing at them. Dean shot glaring daggers at him, and his brother flinched and looked away before John realized they were being observed. But yeah, he guessed they presented an unprecedented scene. The three of them together, drinking merrily.
He shoved him to the floor on his back and kneeled beside him. To his right… he could feel a presence. See a figure, observing them both.
He raised his eyes to Dean´s, obviously very nervous.
Dean looked at him surprised.
“Alright, Cas, alright, jeez”
“Pie!”, Dean said, his interest peaking.
Too close to one of the walls, Castiel backpedaled, a grimace to his face. The fire englobed almost the whole hallway, running along the walls, closing a bit before each intersection that ended the aisle; making a ridiculously big fiery room.
“Cas,
“He can zap out of here whenever he wants. As soon as he stops feeling the tablet around, he´ll le…”
“It was a gift, and I rarely go out”
, he told himself for the thousandth time,
“How did…?”, he started asking, raking his mind for memories, “What did you do?”
The angel looked at him.
Dean raised his hands in a silent apology, realizing he could have offended Cas.
“Do not worry, I was never in any real danger”, assured the angel with serene eyes, “It seemed a bit like cheating to me, since I have more advantages than a human… but Dean insisted you wouldn´t have one of those”
“Shit, Cas!!”, Dean complained.
“Yeah, you do that then”
And continued advancing.
“He slept up there”, Dean provided.
“Come on”, Dean teased them, “Wouldn´t it be awesome to think of a little girl, or a cute little boy?”
But… he knew he was running out of time. He couldn’t, but
Dean glared at him, but Cas rose his palms in a pacifying gesture, smiling to himself.
He turned his head to look at Dean. The hunter was looking right back, and he bobbed his head up to him with a small smile. He was sitting with his legs crossed, and he had the map extended on his lap.
What happened next, he owed it all to his reflexes. Before he realized what had happened he was hanging from one hand from the railing, having jumped over it to avoid the attack, the thing falling heavily on the hallway beside the fallen girl. He let go, landing with a grunt.
“But no antidote?”, Dean asked.
But Dean didn’t mock him. He stared at him for a moment longer, a small knowing smile on his lips, before huffing out what seemed like a light laugh and looking down. He took the waterskin out of his bag and a little cloth, put some water on it and started to wipe his hands with it.
Green vines as thick as his forearms rippled over and beneath the ferns, extending to all sides as in searching; all of them parting from the same point: the bushes at the other end of the clearing, which seemed to have… awakened. Stems with leaves as wide as Castiel´s face were
“Shit…”
; and before the noble could understand that what he had initially seen was just the tip of something closed; flowers with their red petals curved forward, the cavity made by them big enough to contain a full-grown man, were fully displayed, viscous fluids dripping from their sides. The forest floor steamed when a drop of mucus hit the fallen dead leaves.
And since waiting wouldn´t make things any easier, he took a deep breath as he steeled himself and he opened the door with all the energy he still had.
He rose his knife in front of them as the demons run to them.
It was time.
But there they were: two little flames that eased the fears on his chest with a relief that had only been lately matched when finding that fucking boot print.
He landed on the floor with a grunt, barely able to absorb the impact with his arms and almost losing his blade with the hit.
All of his thoughts were muddy, and pain made everything so fucking confusing…
“Sorry, sorry”, the hunter chuckled, “Couldn’t help myself”
“We´ve lost a lot of people along the way, and… I know we can´t get them all back. It would screw all kinds of things up. I see that. But… But he was different. Without him, I would have never survived Death. In a way, that makes him… a part of the victory?”, he knew his reasoning was thin, “Maybe? Like, cause I was a part of it? And it´s not like I´m saying, since Sam and I saved the world again we deserve a medal or some special treatment, but just…”
He screamed as he had the metal pin screwed into his forehead an inch, paralyzed from the pain, breathless. He vaguely felt Crowley take his trembling hand and, to his distant horror, put it inside the bag with whatever it was inside.
The noble spread the cloth on the ground with its contents: a round loaf of bread the size of his spread hand, a ration of meat nestled in a cocoon of lettuce leaves and garnished with a spiced sauce, an apple, three ginger sweets with powdered sugar on top surrounded by a tied little piece of pretty gauze so the sugar would not mix with the rest of the provisions. It all came with a little set of cutlery, built in wood, that seemed to have been done in a smaller size for easy transport for outdoor meals.
He felt Cas tensing by his side.
“Hi, Dean. I am Castiel, seventh son of the House of the Mighty”
He was willing to bet coin to doughnuts that it had something to do with running away from the wife-to-be. Maybe if he got into the Army he could get away from her forever? He had no idea. Or maybe he could find his father.
The mage took a deep breath, thought of his story for a second, then opened.
Dean, who had been scanning the room for some reason, shifted his gaze to the mage, a mix of confusion and surprise in his features.
, dumbass. I can´t just yank them off. You focus on your crap”
His nose was filled with the smell of homemade burgers.
But Dean´s mind was catching up. He didn’t need him to say it.
- environments. Which was perfect for initiating any learning, but not enough to excel on anything. He saw now what an awful performance he had made: unprepared, unable to react calmly and rationally… It was not that he lacked the abilities- but just the experience. If he could just…
“I got one for Dean”, the angel shrugged, “It wouldn´t be much trouble”
The hunter jolted with a sudden inhalation, and even before his eyes were open his fists were raised in a sloppy guard.
What was happening?
“Jesus Christ…!”, breathed out the hunter.
Dean sighed, twisting his mouth a bit, as if struggling.
They heard grumbles as the rest of the hellhounds didn’t give them
“Thanks a bunch for blinking everything here”, he said with fond eyes, “My mum couldn’t believe what she was seeing”
“You all need to eat, sleep, rest. I saw no reason to worry you”
“Wanna stay outside? Don’t like leaving you alone, though”
“Thank you, Gadreel”, he said, really meaning it.
“She told me”, John added in a soft voice, looking back at the crowd, a small smile tugging from one of the corners of his mouth.
“I mean it”
But the gun didn´t point at him. The arm moved to one side, and as those bloodshot eyes weakly focused on something, the trigger was pulled once, twice, thrice.
“The trees. Notice how they´re suddenly
“Holy shit”, the hunter sat on the bed with a sigh, “I got nervous there for a second”
“It’s… time to get up”, he said with an insecure voice, forcing a smile.
“I´m worried, Cas”, he said, looking at him seriously.
feel like eating. His tired body begged him to just return to bed, and his headache sternly demanded him the same. He dismissed it all and took a deep breath.
The hunter still frowned at him.
Dean watched his work from right outside the kitchen with pride, arms crossed. His father and Bobby were
“No, no, no”, Cas said, finally starting to move, swinging his legs over the end of the bed, “Coming, I´m coming”
He stopped himself, blinking in confusion. There was… a shackle. On his wrist. He looked to his other hand. Shackled as well. What…?
He knew that voice.
“I should have known Lucifer was up to something”, grumbled Cas.
Cas had been
“It´s everything alright?”, he asked in a discreet, fond tone.
“The leaves… are crushed”, Castiel realized.
Dean looked up. Cas, half his face covered by tentacles, was looking at him with a determination and energy he hadn’t had a minute ago.
about when I´m gonna leave. You´re going now to who-knows-where, maybe to bring some buddies, I don’t know. You expect me to wait here like a sitting duck. And”, he pointed at the door with the dagger, “I bet my fine ass that the door is locked… and I don’t see the key around. I don´t like it, man”
“And meanwhile what, you hurt?”
He saw Sammy´s brow raise up in sudden understanding.
But… money had been an issue ever since he was able to understand the concept. Hunting was not a good business to be in. The folks you helped tended to be nice, sometimes gave food out… but at the end of the day, coin was the way the world worked.
“No…!!”, he exclaimed.
“I…”, he started again, “I guess it was a night…”
“He treats me perfectly, Cas, don´t worry”, Jessica added as he laughed too, “Like a queen”
everywhere. No spells for strength, not being able to help in anything. My body resented, too. I got sick very easily at that time. So weak, sometimes I couldn’t even walk, I stumbled upon everything… So
, for goddamn´s sake”, his voice broke when he said the name, his eyes shone.
“What?”, he sighed.
That allowed him to have some animal senses, too, when he wanted.
“You sure this will work?”, he said in a voice that was just a little bit vulnerable.
“Hello, Castiel”, he murmured in a distracted tone, not turning back.
The young hunter turned back to Bobby rolling his eyes.
Another silence fell. Cas, longing to stop feeling so uncomfortable and eager to change the subject, tried to smile and continue talking.
“And if I can, if I have the
Ah! I love the nightmare, and giving little glimpses of Castiel´s past...
“Hey!!!”
“This is Sammy’s”, he said, warm pride slipping into his voice, “Probably got a bit banged-up, but he took a potion and kept going”
, he thought as he took a bottle of herbal alcohol- his own sage and thyme mix- and poured some onto a cotton gauze. He lifted his eyes to his face as he touched the wound with the antibacterial substance, but apparently fatigue was keeping the hunter from feeling the stinging pain. He cleaned the wound gingerly, with the smallest strokes he could make. He realized the man had managed to get the bite in a way that it didn ́t hurt any major blood vessels. He found some old similar scars in the same area. Not the first time he ́d done that, then. He obviously favored his left arm for defense, to allow his right one to fight back.
bit scared of his father, or at least wary of him. The hunter had mocked him when he found out, reminding him he was
And Castiel ran.
He looked at his arm. He could see the healed skin. All up to his elbow, since the fabric of his clothes had burned all the way there. There was that usual, tanned skin; healthy and whole, no wounds visible.
He smiled to himself… and got closer to Kevin.
“What?”, he whispered, barely audibly.
“Does this hurt?”, Cas said as he lowered his hand to put in over his belly, applying gentle pressure on the bandages.
Finally aware of where he was again, Dean pushed his shoulder against the door violently, trying to break it down. Anger, impotence, pain and rage coursing over him; he kicked it, punched it, took a metal bar from the ground and smashed it against the delicate glass.
I´ve come up with a little game :) Here we start to see some "known destiel scenes" (the ones that appear in every video compilation? xD) from the show peppered in the story. They are there just for laughs, little easter eggs xD But if someone is willing to play along, here it is: if someone posts in the comments whats the scene in here that comes from the show and drops an email, I will send a little sneak-peek into the next chapter ^^ I don´t know if that´s silly, it probably is, but I thought it could be funny lol.
Dean stopped eating for a second. It was always like this, and it was never a problem. They always just, avoided each other a bit and everything kept on going smoothly. But today… he just didn´t want to deal with this kind of crap. It was too sunny and too happy an occasion, dammit.
“Maybe? Like all of us filthy humans?”, Dean smiled.
“You two”, she deadpanned, “are pathetic liars”
Castiel smiled back thankfully to his little brother.
give me the benefit of the doubt”, he declared squarely as he glared at him.
Sam gasped and looked at Jess, who had her overwhelmed gaze lost in the distance as she touched her belly with one hand. His wife turned to him and they both did these, whiny emotional sounds before tearing up and hugging each other.
, you stupid little shit. And we´ve lost too many already!”, he bellowed, pointing to the general direction of the door, “We lost mum. We lost dad. And Ellen, and Jo. We lost freaking
“I can´t believe it. You thought I was a monster?”, he said, sounding mildly insulted.
without finding him. Hell, he could leave the forest and be back in Lebania while we still roamed around turning up rocks”, he chuckled.
“Okay, okay”, said Dean pacifyingly, “So, why the hell did you not want to tell…?”
Sam looked at him with pity, with compassion, sadness and pain, as he kept pressing his lips, eyes definitely humid now… and nodded.
“Thank you”, he said crisply.
Cas looked at him.
“Would… you like me to clean your clothes?”, Cas offered.
“Should have been closer to him, dammit”, Dean was muttering under his breath.
“I… have learned my lesson, and I´m definitely not looking forward to repeating the experience”, he answered very truthfully, and he looked up, “And I promise that if I ever try to shapeshift… again… I´ll call you”
He looked up at Dean, who was watching him with raised eyebrows, curiosity and slight awe on his expression. Cas gave him a tired smile and extended his hand to him.
But in complete silence. Dean licked his lips, his eyes flicking from his father to the angel.
”, he said in an insisting tone, “I have a proposition for you, Dean”
“Yeah... okay”, the hunter said in a murmur, a slight frown on his face.
“Well, then you listen to them and change everything. You will love them no matter what, and if someday they wake up and realize they´re a Chrissie instead of a Stevie I´m sure you´ll be cool with it. But you gotta start somewhere. And there´s always the possibility that they will always want to be a Stevie”, he said, and he grunted, “Come on, you can´t really mean that you don´t care
Despite his fleeting doomed thoughts, he was in a good mood. He knew it was stupid, worrying like that. His brother was a good hunter- a Winchester, dammit! He could take care of himself. But it was so damned odd of him to miss a meeting without a message. He was the one who always made a huge fuss if Dean got there half a day or a day later, whining and saying letters and meeting timepoints were the only way they had to know if the other was okay- no matter how hot Dean told him his date had been! The oldest Winchester had snickered when Sam missed the destinated time of arrival this single time, unable to wait to rub it on his brother’s face.
The angel´s stance of detached calm shattered as he widened his eyes and looked away, flustered. He even started fidgeting, for goddamn´s sake.
“Two Seraphs have fallen in battle”, she said without preamble.
“Hello, brother”
Cas closed his eyes for a second, his headache spiking, then blinked rapidly to focus his eyesight. Okay, so maybe small tricks were alright to try, but full-on magic would be off the table for a bit yet.
But the mage disappeared into the bathroom.
“How dare you”, he said, voice rasping, “How dare you try and do that to me and Sam. You don’t get to decide that, Cas. We´ve lost too many already. You dick”
The mage took the bottle and calmly stretched to place it back on one of the shelves of the wall.
“T´s okay”, Dean answered as he took long strides towards the lab area.
That seemed to ease Dean, who relaxed and nodded. They got lost in thought again.
His impassible wise brother just looked at him… and quirked an eyebrow slightly.
It was a lie. He had already fixed Dean’s system- but he
The angel kept his stare. They stared at each other for what it seemed an eternity, as so many times both had. Dean knew him. He knew him too well.
“It´s not like I can ask God himself. He doesn´t answer to my prayers”
“No”, Cas answered sternly before taking a determined last gulp and handing the water back to the hunter, “I need this, Dean”
Dean grimaced in absolute regret. He should have not called his penis like that for so long, and his brother reminded him of the fact every time he mentioned how much he wanted the child to be named after him.
was his moment to actually start fighting back.
What did you think of the fighting scenes? I´m really sorry, I´m not a fighter and I don't know how realistic that was- and I really ignore how many ways someone can safely choke another into unconsciousness xDDD
“Cassie!”, he heard behind him.
. His guest. His patient.
“Here, you beast!!”, he taunted.
“No, Dean, Dean”, Charlie insisted quickly, as if to stop him from hanging up, “What is it, man? Don´t worry me”
“Oh, I´m such a
- I have to be the one reading them!”, he yelled at them, “I´m the one who-who has to read them and lose his fucking sanity over it!”
“Or we can find another way”, said Sam, putting a hand on Kevin´s shoulder, “As if we didn’t have enough books in the bunker to look up first”
“What?”, Cas asked, suddenly worried.
“D-Dean, I´m so sorry…”
Send.
And… there was no one else in the room. He´d been very lucky, not being the only one late.
“Bomb? That sound was a bomb?”, asked the mage, still trying to understand all that had happened.
The noble blinked. That… was why he wouldn’t look at him as they talked…
He couldn’t take it anymore. Without any kind of warning, he got his arm from behind his back, holding a little jewelry box.
“Know what this means?”, he asked the mage, eagerness on his features, “If he stopped here to crash, but we don’t stop?”
He heard another thundery sound, and frowned. That… Did that kind of sound like a gun, so fucking far away? It made no sense. It had to be fireworks. A car engine breaking down, maybe.
“It´s Castiel”
Before he could answer, a wave of tension clutched mercilessly on his brain, and he moaned as he took a hand to his head, wincing, eyes tightly closed.
Cas and John whirled towards him, absolutely shocked to find him so close.
for some reason- if feelings could have colors. After it passed, all the pain was gone.
Dean frowned at him, not understanding.
“That’s what I thought”
He remembered that his fighting instructor had told him that in battle, a ton of things could happen in a handful of seconds- but he had never understood it till now.
you’ll become if you get more Corrupted? I’m not dragging you unconscious through the forest, pal”
“Yeah, thanks dad”, he murmured.
The Road So Far: with Dean still hurt and in his room but more than willing to leave already, Cas goes to have dinner with his family. There´s still lingering Corruption in him after the wolf attack, but he believes he can he can hide it. There´s some kind of feud brewing between Michael and Lucifer, in relation to a test their mother has put to determine which of them will lead the family, since they are twins- but Cas can´t be less interested in it. Castiel was literally saved by the bell as Gabriel was starting to realize there was something wrong with him.
?!”, the hunter suddenly bellowed, standing up.
“Shit, man”, the hunter said between laughter, “It’s funny now, but then I thought you were dead. But you’re tough, you’re tough”
“Good. Okay, Dean. Right now, you are recuperating from all the blood loss you suffered yesterday”, Cas explained in a patient voice, “That´s why you feel tired. We will fix that by resting and drinking lots of fluids. Also, your body is fighting the venom in your blood the best way it can- by raising your temperature. That battle inside you keeps you weak, and feeling sick. The elixir I gave you was a bit unspecific; so aside from acting on your wounds, that are almost closed; it helped a bit against the venom too. I have prepared more over the night, I will administer it to you soon”
“Oh my god. It’s a bee. Rejoice”, the hunter said in a dry tone, huffing annoyedly.
“Well done, you get a cookie”, Dean smiled a little bit, and pointed at what he actually had meant the mage to see, “Notice how they are more separated and deeper as they get in, but closer and not as deep on their way out?”
Crowley got up very slowly and walked a few steps. While sweating with horror- Crowley couldn’t get that information, that would be terrible- Kevin saw him smile to himself, considering the implications.
“I appreciate what you’re trying to say”, the mage said with a pained smile, “But could we just… not talk about this ever again?”
“Their identities have not transpired yet”, said Naomi in a calm voice, fork and knife cutting delicately into the venison steak on her plate, “But I wanted to warn you. Some of you might receive a letter soon, and I wanted you to be prepared”
Dean nodded his thanks with a roll of his eyes, as if imagining putting all of his stuff in a bag full of half decomposed bodily fluids; and started putting his things inside.
“… no, not yet”
“Well, of course, Cas- if
“You know you can count on me, right, dimwit?”, Gabriel said as he gave him a little shake on the shoulders.
”, grunted Dean.
“Are you sure about that?”, Cas asked, an anxious tone to his voice.
Towards the person that observed all around on the far right of the garden, close to a small table with a few chairs, a bit apart from everyone else.
“Dammit”, he muttered as he started moving.
“Dean!”
… and there, a squishing sound.
Dean jumped on his seat as Cas hissed in pain, suddenly sitting up, his left hand flying to his elbow and his face contorted in a pained expression, teeth bared and grinding.
“You have to know, better than anyone, that just one mistake can mean death in…”, Cas started to reason.
“Maybe we can give this a try. And maybe, someday… I can say it back to you with the same certainty you said it to me”
“Jeez...”
“Okay, Cas. It´s okay. You get a pass, man. You did save my ass”
Sam and Dean exchanged a look for an instant.
“Dean!”
“I get it”, interrupted Dean in a grunt.
“I was returning from the High Academy of Magic”, the mage explained, “I heard screams. I flew down to see what was happening. I got there too late to help you in the fight, but you were bleeding out. I couldn´t leave you there. You would have died”
The angel gave him a small smile.
. And for the first fucking time, it wasn´t one of us dying and the other trying to get him back. Man, you´re supposed to be smarter than both of us”
“Here, come on…”, he heard him say as he took him from an arm.
He tried to be cool. He did. But how could he stay calm as the flames danced in their mocking, stupid choreography, especially designed to give him heart attacks when they ultimately died down for a fraction of a second?
problems to worry about who wants to sleep with who”, he finished with a roll of his eyes.
That pain on his knee as… he dropped his beer on the ground while sitting with Cas…
He was suddenly at his childhood home. The stairs, the front door, he knew them well. The hallway he was standing at, it had been the one where he had learned to walk...
But sometimes… sometimes people couldn’t pay. They really couldn’t, and it showed. Those times… Dean worked for free. And it was not a good habit to fall into. His equipment needed constant repair, his armor especially. Sammy was quite good at finding ingredients in the wilderness, or substituting ones with others in a fit of improvisation- but potions and bombs needed materials to be made from. Throwing knives got lost, bolts ran out, weapons needed maintenance.
(See the end of the chapter for
, Dean”, he answered in annoyance.
But he hadn´t. And now, he couldn´t save them. He´d failed them.
Exhausted, he let his brother take his arm over his gigantic shoulders and push him to his feet. Reality started to settle more and more as he hopped through the hallway, as he saw the half-unconscious victims crying on the floor, moaning the loss of the one that had held their minds captive. The night air woke him up even more, and he took a greedy, big breath of it. His heart was settling. Oh, God, it had only been a bad dream…
was another experience. As soon as the flames touched him he started screaming, but he had prepared for this. He kept his mind focused and, as soon as he hit the floor, dragging Cas above him; he had a leg ready beneath the angel´s chest.
“Heh. You will kill for survival and defend others, but not just
Dean made an appreciative sound as he looked at his own meal, and immediately took the apple into one pocket, the little packet of sweets into another, and took out a dented knife with which he started to cut the rounded loaf of breath through the horizontal. As Cas immediately dove towards the sweets, feeling the need of his body for sugar almost as clearly as a tactile sensation, the hunter divided the bread into two parts and started to take the slices of meat and vegetables on top of one of them.
A lashing pain on his shoulder made him scream.
A bunch of people were in the exterior of the house. Some sitting, some wandering slowly, faces confused. Some were crying, faces hidden in their hands, hugging their knees. One was looking around wildly, as if he was looking for something to hit.
This chapter was part of the previous one before, and it took a lot of work to do (and to re-do xD). In the end I splitted it up cause it was so long... And I´m so glad I did that, cause it allowed me to introduce the nightmare. I really wanted Cas to have nightmares on his first corrupted night, it made all the sense; but I felt it took the attention from the wolf attack on the previous chapter. So here you go :)
He fell silent when he saw… the stripper to his left, clad in red leather, smirking at him. He frowned, not understanding, eyes wide.
“You son of a bitch! After what you´ve done?!”, he roared, attacking again.
“I see”, Cas said, “And you haven´t heard from him since?”
“Using the map with the nests worked”, smiled Cas, hope finally soaking through him, Dean’s happiness contagious.
He raised his glance at Bobby, his interest peaking.
“Oh, good. For a second I thought someone else had died or something”
A very different kind of fear was grasping at Castiel´s heart in that moment. The hunter was facing impossible odds, or incredibly difficult ones at least. What if he didn’t make it? His breathing hitched upon thinking of him, chest pierced from side to side by one of those legs. His body, lying dead on the forest floor.
And he was staying in
“That is exactly why I want to come, Dean”, he finally said, “I do lack the experience, I´ll admit that. They don´t let us out into the field until we graduate, but I need to be better, to learn faster. I am not totally useless. I´ve been instructed all my life in magic; and in the last five years I´ve learned combat, and perfected my magic knowledge, in the High Academy. With the wolves, I just… got caught off guard. But I won´t be a burden, I swear”
“The jar of lamb´s blood broke in the struggle, and it gave me an idea. I dumped the bullets into it and shoot them into the creature. It was not enough to kill it, but it hurt it enough so that it stopped controlling you for a second, or whatever happened that made you stop attacking me, I don’t know. It was enough for me to get out of your reach and behead it”
“Really?”
“Thank you, Dean…”, Cas stood up, “I believe… you have given me much to think about”
Things that people had only heard of in legends, beasts that had sometimes appeared cause of a flick of destiny, or a mage doing a stupid deal... suddenly swarmed the forests and villages. Ghosts, vampires, werewolves, wendigos… everything. Everywhere.
Dean´s manner seemed to relax a bit at that, though he was still frowning.
just by being near. He remembered the burns and noted himself to wear fire-proof clothing the next time they went on a hunt, if there were ever a next time…
be doing it again”
Castiel looked back to him, feeling all his plans going to waste.
His brother staggered back as he pushed him away, Dean looked up.
I do love a bit of suffering :) Poor Cas. We finally see where his motivations come from.
But Sammy was good. He had trained him, dammit. He looked over the clearing again- and this time, instead of fear, it was pride that overflowed his chest. His brother had been here with no backup, but had managed to kick a whole pack of rawheads in the ass. Not that he thought he couldn’t do it. It’s just, no matter how good one was; anyone could have a bad move, a fucked up roll of the dice. Like a pair of claws on the belly right before his Baby stroke the killing blow on the last slasher of the pack. He snorted, and realized that he had been smiling for a bit now.
Dean looked skeptically at Jack, “Well yeah? I thought you said you knew us? Or you knew another us? How would you not know we were married if you know us?”
Finding Mary had been easy. Neutralizing the angels who tried to stop him hadn’t been too difficult either. Now he just needed to get them out of here. Mary had tried to fight against him when he released her from the cage she was being held in.
“It’s fine. I’m fine, Cas. Are you okay? What were you doing in the bathroom?” Cas watched as Dean’s mouth curved softly upwards and his brow furrowed in concern. As Dean’s eyes darted over Cas’ face, Cas was overwhelmed with an onslaught of emotions he hadn’t been expecting.
Castiel kept his defensive stance, but engaged with Jack, “I don’t recognize your grace, brother. I was sure I knew every angel in the garrison.”
This morning I woke up with this overwhelming fear of love
, Brandon Goacher
“Oh, I learned about it from Castiel. But in this universe you never went. Instead Castiel found you after he pulled Sam’s body out of the cage and he told you about his feelings for you.”
He was getting really tired of always getting captured or dead. It had only been a couple weeks since he got out of the Empty before he ran into Lucifer and got himself trapped by Asmodeus. He should have told Dean right away. He was always making these mistakes. Dean had told him not to do anything stupid and what did he do? Something stupid. Asmodeus had been supernaturally locking down the dungeon so he couldn’t use any of his powers. It was annoying.
“Thank you. That means a lot to me, and I’m sure it meant a lot to her.” He turned now to Kaia. “Are you hurt?” She shook her head and she looked fine, so Jack nodded his acceptance. “Okay then, I’m going to find Sam and Dean. Stay here. I… I don’t think it would be wise to bring you. I don’t want to lose anyone again.” Mary looked like she wanted to protest, but Jack was determined to leave them here so he spread his wings and materialized in front of the bunker. Then he focused his powers on Dean and Sam’s souls. After several minutes, he felt a spark from Dean so he locked onto it and pushed the wall open. Traveling through the door by himself was much easier, so as soon as he thought it he was there.
He stepped out and was staring headfirst at a massive beast. From behind him he heard Sam shout, “Jack! Man are we glad to see you.” He turned around grabbed tightly onto both of them and locked onto home, pulling securely on the both to bring them through with him.
Dean looked completely shell shocked and everyone in the room stopped breathing. “You were married to him, Dean,” Jack finished in a soft voice.
Cas woke several hours later to a grumbling stomach and a dry mouth. He was clutching the tube of his grace underneath the pillow. He sat up on the bed and swallowed thickly. Off the nightstand he grabbed one of the water bottles he’d left for this purpose and chugged it. Then he ripped open the Ziploc bag containing a peanut butter and grape jelly sandwich and ate it, savoring the familiar taste.
If all else perished, and he remained, I should still continue to be; and if all else remained, and he were annihilated, the universe would turn to a mighty stranger.
And you've heard me say that I can cure you
Like the time that Dean had given him the mixtape. Cas had been acutely aware of how nervous Dean was. His freckles were hidden under the vermilion blush that had unfurled across his cheekbones all the way to the cartilage of his ears. Cas remembered trying to trace the edges of the blush as it descended across his jawline and into the contours of his neck before disappearing beneath his maroon flannel. A tongue nervously flicking across an upper lip pulled Cas’ attention back to Dean’s face before he spoke.
The thought's slightly terrifying. Relationships like this aren't the norm for him. What is he supposed to do? Does anything have to change?
Also, to any of my long-time veterans on this story, I don't know if you remember Dean and Cas's first aftercare scene, but I've finally given you the backstory on the guinea pig incident he was telling Dean about. ;)
"I have to leave, but I would like to try something. I
Cas chuckles at his disappointed tone. "Yes, most likely. May I have your phone number?"
Dean's arms don't allow him to stay in that position long since he has to readjust. Cas's is fucking him vigorously, obviously just as needy for it as Dean is. He takes a chance and leans back, raising himself to a sitting position again, making Cas slow down. He looks down at Cas and bites his lip, breathing hard.
"I was scared. You were gone."
Dean sighs and begins pulling at his clothes. He throws his pants on the table, and out of the corner of his eye, he catches Cas staring at his ass. It startles a chuckle out of him.
"I suppose it works as good as any other. Why did you pick that one?
"You have a brother?"
He doesn't even give it another thought, he just throws the car into gear, squealing included, and heads towards Dean's automotive shop.
Dean is exhausted. He only got about half the sleep that he wanted to. His whole body is throbbing, specifically his head, and here he is in a doctor's waiting room. God, what kind of luck is it that his doctor appointment is the day after his dad shows up?
The truck smells like old liquor and greasy gas station food. There are holes in the leather from cigarettes, not that he smokes, but most of the girls that he pulls do. An old rock ballad plays on the radio - one he murmurs along to when he remembers it's on. John narrows his eyes at the headlights blinding him from the other side of the road. Halogen headlights should be banned, in his opinion. His truck rumbles as he turns onto a quieter street and drives down it slowly, searching. His eyes glint in the darkness of the cab against the streetlights, malice shining in them. He checks his mirrors, knowing nobody is following him, but it's an old habit from his days of scamming tables in poker. He ran into quite a bit of trouble with that.
A blonde woman who looks like she's twentyish or so is manning the counter and she smiles brightly when they walk by. "Can I help you guys find anything?"
"Uhh, I'm not entirely sure what just happened, but that was
It’d taken most of the day for Castiel to feel like a normal human again, but it was worth it. Being freshly showered and shaved will do a lot for a person’s psyche.
Dean grimaces, “So did you. I shouldn’t have reacted like that. I definitely shouldn’t have said what I did about you. I know you didn’t do anything to me. I want you to know that, okay?” Dean implores him, green eyes blazing, “You’ve never treated me with anything but kindness and it was a stupid thing to say. I just freaked out. That’s not an excuse it’s just- ugh.” Dean runs his hands through his hair.
It's their contract. The one for limits and kinks. Who woulda thought kinky sex discussions over breakfast would be so popular?
"Sorry. We thought, well, we thought you might've been hurt."
"Please, sir. Please. I need your cock. I need it. Wanted it so bad for so long. Wanted you filling me up and fucking me stupid and I want you so damn bad. Please, sir!" Dean cries as a finger rubs forcefully over his prostate, the sensitive bundle of nerves suddenly screaming. Cas purrs, "So beautiful, Dean. All needy and wanting and desperate for me. Let's see what you can take."
"Okay, and how often have you been bothered by moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite – being so fidgety or restless that you were moving around a lot more than usual?"
"Sweet boy. So perfect for me. So amazing. Thank you for giving me that. I know you're sensitive here. It's alright. I've got you."
"Are you ready to go back to sleep?"
Thoughts?
It's too late for all of that.
The smell of engine grease greets him, and he takes a deep breath, forgetting his previous unhappiness. This smell feels like home. It makes him think of childhood scabbed knees and wrenches that were too heavy to carry yet. Dirty rags that were permanently stained with engine oil and grease from dozens of calloused hands.
Cas leans in and kisses his lips softly. Dean's eyes flutter shut against the onslaught of emotion welling in his chest. "Why're you so worried, sweet boy? You were amazing. Yesterday was amazing. Don't doubt that."
Dean lets it ring thirteen times before he hangs up. There’s a new feeling replacing the dread that settled there yesterday. It feels like emptiness. Maybe it’s over with Cas now. Dean did tell Cas to leave him alone, but… he had been sure Cas would answer.
Dean laughed and joked, "You should be. So what's up, man? Why're you crying?" There was a heavy sigh from the other side of the wall and another sniffle.
Dean rears his head back and slams it into John's. A crack sounds and Dean's vision is spotty, but he ignores it. He rushes against John, pushing him to the ground. Dean pulls his leg back, and without a single thought of the consequences, he kicks his father in the ribs with all the force he can muster. The meaty thunk of Dean's steel-toed boots against John's bones is beyond satisfying. So he does it again. And again. Again. A red tinge washes his vision and Dean can't hear anything. All he can feel is his toes aching and the primal, visceral satisfaction of hearing his father whimper as Dean drives his foot into his body again. Before he's satisfied, strong arms wrapping around him, securing him. Dean jerks and tries to get away, unaware of the tears streaming down his face.
"Of course not. But I know you want to try it. To drink from me. I'm allowing you a chance to do it." Dean had to bite his lip to keep from groaning at the words."Cas, you don't know what you're asking."
"After the fight and everything. I don't remember much."
"I take it you're a classic car kind of man?"
Gabriel pops his head in wearing an impish grin which can only mean something has gone either terribly right for them or horribly wrong for someone else. "What is it, Gabriel?"
Castiel clicks the button on the remote to the vibrator to turn it on and pulls off Dean's cock to watch him attempt to writhe in his binds, clearly enjoying the stimulation.
Dean has been unusually quiet for the last half hour as they sit in the living room. Castiel is working on his article with Dean cuddled up next to him, watching Armageddon on Netflix. That is until he starts pestering Castiel about doing another scene less than fifteen minutes later.
Also, if there's a bunch of mistakes, I'm so sorry, but I've read over this and passed it through Grammarly literally 5,000 times and I can't see the words anymore so if it sucks my bad! :D
“No,” Castiel chides him and gently pulls Dean’s lip out from between his teeth. “None of that. I want to hear all of your noises, kitten. Give them to me.”
"Yes, that's it, baby boy. There he is. Are you going to cum for me, sweet boy? Hmm?" Castiel murmurs against Dean's heated skin, making him shiver. Suddenly Dean reaches a hand between them and immediately grasps Castiel's cock, making him gasp.
Castiel can hear the humor and allusion in Dean's voice, and it makes him smile. Was it always this easy to be domestic? To cook and just talk with a partner? He doesn't think it was.
"Why?" Dean asked curiously.
Just a soft sob through the wall from the apartment next to his. The walls were paper-thin, so he had heard the door slam when his neighbor had come home and when he'd come into the room next to Dean's. He knew it was the cute guy that lived there, but Dean didn't know his name. Dean'd been crushing on the guy a little bit since he moved in. Okay, maybe a-lot-a-bit, but that's all details. But maybe he could help the guy out. He sounded pretty torn up. Dean shut down his laptop and walked across his bedroom, listening for where the crying got louder. Right in the corner, he realized. Dean sat down against the wall and wondered for a moment if he was actually going to do this. But then he figured, what do I have to lose? Dean didn't even know the guy, they'd barely exchanged more than a few words to each other since the guy'd moved in six months ago. Dean leaned his head against the wall and listened to the soft cries for a minute before speaking aloud.
They lay tangled together in a heap of clothes on the carpet, sated and blissful, breathing heavily in the aftermath. Castiel has his arms wrapped around Dean, cradling him to his naked, sweaty chest. The small room has no airflow, so the temperature increased with their...
"You're so perfect for me, sweet boy. My Dean. I'm close, baby boy. Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to cum on my cock? Hmm? I wanna cum in that tight little ass of yours. A perfect little virgin hole just for me."
It's shorter than I wanted it to be, but I've got more coming. I'm chock full of ideas just short on time. Life happened. More soon, hopefully. Let me know what you guys think. Feedback brings me life. What do you guys want from this? TELL ME. :) I'd like to hear your ideas about where you think it's going too. Oh, also, I've got another story that I've written on my laptop. It started as a comfort fic for myself but quickly grew to over 100,000 words in like four days, no joke. It's Destiel, and Castiel/Dean/and a person I totally made up, not an actual character from the show, as well as Sabriel. Is that something you guys would be interested in reading? It's a lot of plot, and some awesome porn if I do say so myself *blushes*. Lemme know?
Dean nods, "I'd never turn down Cas's cooking," He turns to Cas then, "Are you thinking tonight or tomorrow?"
"Oh, baby boy, you're going to cum for me again." Dean starts to protest but- "Yes, you can. I promise. Trust me."
Something seems to melt in Dean at that, and he gives Castiel a small, but warm, smile.
"So... What exactly are we talking about?"
Noises arise from outside. Indistinct yelling, and thumps against the wall. Castiel gives Cain a worried look, who simply shrugs nonchalantly and reaches behind his back, pulling a small handgun out. He pulls the slide back and as the bullet clicks into the chamber Castiel's blood runs cold. He gives Cain an incredulous look, and Cain for one, just smiles, "You never know what's coming."
Cas starts talking about college and how he got his degree. He tells a funny story about a man named Balthazar and something they did with guinea pigs. Dean's drifting in and out as he listens. Cas's voice is low and soothing, and Dean falls asleep to the pleasing lull of it.
And best of all, it's not just about Cas. Cas makes Dean want to be better. He's playing with the idea of going to the doctor and asking them about antidepressants or something. Doctors freak him out. He hates the sterile offices and the cold eyes of the bored nurses. He always feels so judged and unprepared for the things they ask. Like, going into stores and flirting with cashiers or whatever, that's easy.
I promise they all get happy. <3
Cas takes hold of his cock, and Dean keens loudly, trying to thrust his hips against his hand, but he can't. God, this is too much.
Silence descends again, this time it's uneasy, everyone trying to work out the problem.
"What is it?"
"That we were each other's weaknesses. Achilles heel and all that. You don't fuck with family, and he was telling us we were wrong for that. Then there was Michael, obviously... bastard. There was this thing with our step-brother Adam, and he's trapped in the cage with Lucifer. And Lucifer himself, you know, not good news. There was this bitch... her name was Naomi, ironically. She was one piece of work, I'll tell you that. Then Metatron. That guy was all kinds of whacked. I really can't explain it, there's just so much."
Cas whimpered. Dean started nipping down the other side of his neck, the one he hadn't marked yet. That was quickly about to change. His right hand more or less had a mind of its own as it trailed down Cas's chest and right to his khaki covered erection. Cas literally mewled when Dean rubbed his palm against it, up and down. He pressed his fingers around it as best he could and continued to tease Cas. He was a whimpering mess, gasping under Dean's ministrations, but he wasn't trying to break the hold that Dean had on his wrists. Interesting. Maybe Cas liked the whole powerless deal. That would be amazing if he did. His hips were rocking into Dean's hand, pushing forcefully against his palm and it made Dean smile. "Dean. Dean, please. I need- Oh!" Cas was gasping his name and nothing had ever sounded better to his ears.
Castiel arches an eyebrow at him. "I get the feeling you're not talking about breakfast."
"I'm going to blindfold you."
"You're mine, dammit." He snarls and lifts Dean by his ass until he wraps his legs around him. Castiel pushes him against a pillar and grinds his hardened cock against Dean's stomach, making him whine.
Dean laughs. They end up talking for a couple of hours before They end the call so Dean can sleep. Again, he sleeps longer than his usual four hours, and when he wakes up, he feels refreshed and energized. Dean's determined that it's going to be another good day. Just like the one he met Cas on.
"Parameters, among other things."
"Tell me what's going through your head. I'm here, Dean. I'm here," He feels tears prick at his eyes, and he closes them, squeezing them shut. " I, I just - you - I can't take you believing those things too. I can't. It hurts."
"Yes. There you are. Cum for me, baby boy. Cum for me, Dean. That's right. That's right," Cas coos, and Dean's done. His body is in overdrive, and he cums suddenly. The pleasure overriding his brain is so intense, and he's never experienced anything like this. He doesn't feel that familiar twitching sensation of ejaculation, but instead, it's more like an
The brothers look scared. Castiel stands and goes to Dean. He perches on the arm of the chaise and kisses Dean's hair, wrapping an arm around him. Things aren't right, but at least they're together. "It'll be okay. If it is your father, we'll take care of it. Nothing's going to happen to you," The earlier mentions of abuse ring through Castiel's mind, unbidden, "Either of you." Castiel waves at Sam. "It's nice to meet you, I'm Castiel. I've heard much about you."
"Well, yeah. I mean, coffee shop... Zipper issues. Not exactly what I call a business meeting."
"Okay, so after you pick it up, I want you to go ahead and take one right away to get it in your system. Then start on a morning schedule, and take it with a little bit of food, okay? It doesn't have to be a lot; it could even be a granola bar, just something. I'll want to see you back in three weeks, and we'll see how it's working. Does that work for you?"
"Well, thanks, but did you really just ask me what I do for a living when I'm literally working right now?"
Then Cas is gone, walking away across the open floor of the shop and settling into his corner booth next to the window, looking entirely unaffected. Unlike Dean. Dean is a little sweaty, a lot horny. He hopes it wasn't obvious, because
"Oh, yes, you are." Castiel reaches over lightning-fast and begins to tickle Dean, his fingers wriggling up and down his sides and Dean begins laughing and pulling away, flopping on the bed like a fish out of water. "Stoppit! Cas, stop, oh my God! This isn't funny!" He giggles, "Stop!"
Dean is flabbergasted, to say the least. What the hell? What kind of person,
Dr. Bradbury gingerly opens the door and peeks around. She smiles as she shuts the door behind her and pulls the rolling seat out from under the counter. The tablet she's carrying makes the Tardis sound, and Dean's interest is once again piqued.
Dean grinned. "Something like that. Come on. I'll get the lights." Dean walked across the room and flipped the switch, dousing the room in darkness. He could see perfectly fine. That's why he had nearly forgotten to turn on the light earlier when he brought Cas in here. Cas was standing by the bed and Dean could hear his heart beating loudly.
"Dean?" He asks. He needs to hear his voice so he can judge his state.
Dean's chest constricted and his voice was tight when he spoke. "Yeah, monsters." Cas suddenly pulled away and looked at him with wide eyes. Dean could honestly lose himself in those blue galaxies. "Dean, you're not a monster." Dean winced but found himself unable to look away. "I know what you were thinking, and you're not." Dean shook his head. "You don't know that, Cas." Cas nodded vehemently. "Yes, I do. I know monsters. Humans can be monsters. Zachariah, for example. He's beaten me, starved me, tried to brainwash me, my mother let him. They were - are - monsters. You. You're kind. You're generous, and you don't think very much of yourself. You are obviously very dedicated and take pride in your work. You care about people."
Cas was standing right in front of him. How had that happened? Shit. Dean must've lost it for a minute. The thought scared him since that was a big thing for a vamp. To turn themselves off to the outside world with someone else in the room in an unprotected environment? That was a big deal. It put a lot of trust into the other person. Cas probably could've hurt Dean just then with him being unaware. "Are you okay?" Dean nodded. "Yeah, sorry. Just lost in thought for a minute. So... That was okay?" He gestured to the trash can and Cas nodded immediately. "Fine, Dean. I told you I don't mind." Dean just shook his head in surprise. "Dean, may I ask you a question?" Castiel asked lowly and took another step closer. Their chests were almost touching now and the eye gazing was intense. "Yeah, shoot."
"Of course. That sounds like a great idea." He purrs the words, and Dean practically melts. Cas preps him so slowly that Dean's nerves are singing, and his body is so relaxed he feels like a pile of goo by the time Cas finally slips inside. The pace is a turtle's, slow and soft. It's absolutely perfect in the warm, golden morning light. Dean's being taken apart so slowly and so meticulously that Dean's practically gone. He's no longer a singular entity.
Tell me what you think, I'm always overjoyed to hear from you guys!
is the only word his brain can create and process at the moment. A dude is standing right next to him, incredibly close, much closer than any stranger should be standing. It's the guy with the stubble from the window booth he noticed earlier. His hair is black, and it's everywhere, sticking up in all different directions like he just got laid. His lips look pink and chapped and perfect. Dean finds himself staring unabashedly at this beautiful man. He has the bluest eyes Dean has ever seen, and he can't look away. So when the guy gives him a slight smile, the only response Dean can come up with is a very eloquent, "Uhh."
Dean wishes he could fuck himself back against that tongue. Cas's tongue is one of the best things he's ever experienced.
"No." On edge now, Castiel turned around onto his left side and faced Dean who wore a relaxed expression. "What do you mean 'no'?" Dean raised his eyebrows haughtily. "Pretty sure you know what 'no' means, Cas. You're not talking to him." Castiel narrowed his eyes. "And why is that?"
"What?"
Dean gets down on his knees, sitting his ass back against his heels like he's supposed to, hands on his knees, waiting. He hears clothing shuffling around, and after a minute, he senses Cas step in front of him, then a thumb strokes along his bottom lip.
"Salad," Dean says with disdain, "That's not lunch. That's a side. At best."
Cas leans down and bites Dean's ear harshly, making him cry out into Cas's hand that muffles the sound. Cas whispers roughly, "Because I'm going to fuck you into next week, baby boy."
"Sorry. I just like this, that's all..." Dean's voice is unsure. As if he's wondering whether or not he's going to get punished or reprimanded. "It's weird."
boy. You won't cum!" Cas grinds out. Dean gets the picture. He's picturing floggers and paddles and leather-
"Yeah. Yeah, please."
Castiel gets a dishrag to the face for his effort, and it makes him bust out in laughter at seeing Dean's red face. He's flushed from the lip of his t-shirt to his ears, and frankly, it's adorable. Castiel's still laughing when he puts the dishrag on the counter and turns of his sauce, moving it onto the back burner. He walks around the bar and spins Dean's stool to where he's facing him and grabs his face in between his hands, and kisses him soundly. When he pulls away, Dean looks up at him through light lashes and says, "You're an ass."
By now it was an old, familiar anger seeping through his veins about the issue, but it didn't matter. He wasn't ready to make his move yet. But he would. He swore it as he watched Castiel from his hidden vantage point in the trees. He walked into the grey house that he called home, silent and almost small behind Zachariah. "You done stalking for the night, brother?" Benny appeared beside him, smirking. Dean shoved his shoulder more playfully than anything but stomped off into the woods, knowing Benny was following. "I wasn't stalking." Benny laughed heartily behind him. "You keep telling yourself that. How much longer you going to follow him instead of actually doing something, boy?" Dean sighed. This was an old conversation. "Broken record, Benny. Soon, I've told you."
Dean leads him to his bedroom, and Cas picks out Dean's rattiest, most comfortable pair of sweats he owns and has him put them on. Before Dean knows it, he's in bed next to Cas, being urged to drink hot chocolate and watching a Bruce Willis movie. It's nice, and he likes it. Cas is warm, comfortable, and kind. His presence makes Dean feel better.
Castiel couldn't help the whimper that escaped at the pain and Dean shushed him gently. "S'okay, Cas. S'okay. Just feel. Let go." Like last night Suddenly an entrancing smell filled the air. It was thick, and gorgeous and reminded Castiel of how garages and antique cars smelled. Old leather, and worn wood, and petrichor. It was delicious and he couldn't help but breathe it in deeply.
"I love you," he whispered, and his husband smiled back at him.
"Another time. I have a plan for today." That leaves Dean curious. Cas walks away, and Dean can hear him head off towards the opposite end of the room somewhere. "Sir?"
“I hadn’t heard from you. Your car was there when I dropped your things off. I just assumed you didn’t want to speak to me. I was asleep when you called.”
Short one, sorry. Filling in some gaps here. :)
They stared at each other for a long moment before Castiel asked him again. "How did you know?" Dean sighed but when he spoke he looked way and Castiel immediately knew he was being lied to. "I've seen you around and stuff, Cas. You're almost the talk of the town 'round this time of year. Everybody knows the prick Zachariah and his son Castiel. Shit, sorry." Castiel waved it off. "No, you are not incorrect in your assumption of his character. Though you are incorrect about our familial bond. I am only related to Zachariah through marriage. He is my step-father." Dean surprised him by breaking into a huge grin. "I fucking knew it. There was no way that you could sme-" Dean's face suddenly shut down and he cursed under his breath. What had Dean just been about to say? Nothing Castiel could think of made any kind of sense. He was growing aggravated really quickly. "What are you talking about?" Dean rubbed a hand over his face in frustration before turning around and pulling open a drawer.
"Okay. No problem over here, Regis. You have fun talking."
"Do it, Sir." Dean breathes. Cas just chuckles and nudges their foreheads together.
"What kind of repercussions?"
The man's smile widens a little, and he looks Dean up and down quite obviously.
"I'm having a good day, strangely enough! Around this time of year, those are kind of rare, you know. Everyone gets sick and
Dean freezes for a second, then he breaks out into a huge grin and throws himself back into the pillows with a cry of, "No, I not!"
"Very. If I was to stop this car right now and you got out and walked across the city I could track you three days from now."
"If it gets to be too much, pull away. You won't be punished or reprimanded in any way. Do you understand?" He strokes Dean's hair, and his boy closes his eyes, making a sound of acknowledgment, apparently just feeling it. His mouth is so hot and wet and perfect. Castiel's cock sits perfectly still on Dean's tongue, and he can tell his boy is forcibly keeping himself from sucking or moving. Castiel's not failed to notice his oral fixation, even if Dean doesn't know he has one.
"Please, Sir."
"That's true, I guess. Still sucks, though. We'll need to get you in to see one too, you know."
Castiel looks over at Sam. "Every man has his limit, Sam, and Dean's jumped past his. He just needs time."
baby boy. A beautiful mess. Color?"
“If?” Castiel’s heart races in his chest even as he holds his breath. Dean sighs over the line and Castiel can see him in his mind’s eye leaning against the Z-1, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand, phone clutched in the other.
Soon turned out to be about a year later.
Castiel buried his nose further into Dean's shirts, breathing as deeply as he could, reveling int he absolutely amazing scent. "Wow," Dean whispered. Or maybe he didn't whisper, but Castiel was feeling a little dim. He couldn't... focus. What was- He was kind of starting to panic. What was wrong with him? Then Dean's soothing voice was penetrating his foggy mind. "It's okay, Cas. I've got you. You're safe. Tell me what you need." What did he need? Did he need anything? Oh... Maybe... "T-tired..."
"Look at you, whining and desperate for my touch. I want to hear you beg, Dean. You're already doing so well. Holding so still for me. Taking it so well. Do this for me." The hand tightens around his dick and starts pumping him firmly and Dean has to fight his brain to get his understanding of the English language back.
~~Dean Flashback~~
"I'm going to go get it. You better be sitting up by the time I get back, or I'm going to eat all the sausage."
This story is very near and dear to my heart, strange as that may sound for PWP with realistic fluff, but I cannot express just how much y'all's support means to me. On that note though, this chapter is meant to be a bridging point between the events of the last chapters leading up to it and the new ones. I know it drags a bit, (it took me almost two years to get through, so at least it goes by faster for you guys. <3) but it's all exposition that needed to happen. I'm sorry it's such a boring chapter after waiting so long, but I promise the next one has a lot more meat on the sandwich, so to speak.
But, as horrifyingly embarrassing as it is, Cas helping him gives Dean the financial leeway he needs to get Sam back in the apartment with him. Both brothers are overjoyed about it. Especially when Sam saw the apartment. Dean had to build a new bookshelf for all the books Cas had sent, so that was the newest add-on to the living room, in addition to the armchair that Cas had delivered after Dean had made an offhand comment about wanting one a couple weeks ago. He definitely hadn't expected Cas to do that, but in hindsight, he should've known better. He's got to learn to keep his trap shut. Besides the new furniture, the cabinets are brimming with food, as well as the refrigerator. And after having some of the stress taken off of him Dean's remembered he actually does like to clean, so the apartment is nearly spotless when Sam comes home. Seeing Sammy's face light up at the way it all looked was more than enough to make up for being embarrassed about Cas helping him.
"What's up?"
“Come on, cowboy, roll over. We have all day. There’s nothing to do today but sex. I think we should just do that. But for now, you’re heavy. Lay over there and cuddle me.”
"Were you two close?"
"Are we going to be..." He gestures with his hands, "Differentiating playing and our relationship. Like... Will there be different dynamics?"
"Dean, can you keep your hands to yourself for this? Or do I need to tie you up? I'd like to tie you up. Be honest with me, baby boy. What can you handle?" Dean thinks as best he can when he has fingers in his ass and decides on the more exciting option.
"Uh, not really that often. I've had a little trouble at work, but I don't do a lot of the other stuff you mentioned."
Castiel shrugs and looks out the window again. “So,” he speaks to his cold reflection in the glass, “Was there anything else you wanted to discuss?”
Even after they start coming down, neither of them stops moving until they’re both trembling from overstimulation.
"We don't have to talk here. We could go home if you want. It'd be more comfortable."
"Fine! You want to know what's wrong?" Castiel demands. Dean rolls his eyes and nods.
The door behind him creaks and Dean jumps a little. He turns and Cas is in the doorway with a blue bathrobe on, looking mussed and sleepy.
She winks at him. "Not a problem, sweetie. You guys would make a cute couple, you know?"
"Would that be a slightly egotistical statement?" Dean grinned cockily. "Maybe a little. But as for the rest of it, well... You're mine, Cas. Human/vamp couples aren't unheard of it, but it's pretty rare. It's usually vamp on vamp 'cause it's safer." Safer? "In what way?"
"Yes. In my other relationships, I had many rules and boundaries. Ninety percent of which do not apply to you."
"Can do. Thanks... for the coffee, and the, uh, Kinsey scale thing."
"I'm sorry I'm so messed up," Dean whispers, and in his secret heart of hearts, he lets out a grateful sigh when Cas doesn't believe a word of it. A tiny voice rejoices,
I will bend you over my knee and spank you until you
And Dean laughs. Castiel narrows his eyes, "You liked it."
~Castiel~
Castiel murmurs a litany of endless praise and support, and Dean does eventually calm down from his nightmare, never ceasing the tight clutch he has on Castiel's shirt. He takes a deep, shuddering breath, and his tears flow to a stop. Castiel continues running his hand over Dean's back, holding him close.
Cas is hot like that. Dean wouldn't even dream of lying right now.
Dean grinned. "There's one thing I do know, Cas, and that is this: Burt and Earnie are gay."
“You get used to it. I think. Hell, I don’t know, man.” Dean swipes a hand through his hair and shakes his head. “Cain is scary though, isn’t he? How’d you manage a night there without freaking out?”
Dean just curls away from the touch, issuing broken noises that make Castiel's heart shatter. He grabs Dean's shoulder and rolls him over onto his back. Castiel props up on his elbow takes Dean's face in his hand, stroking his thumb over the boy's delicate cheekbone. "Wake up, Dean. You need to wake up now."
Dean stops and looks up, "What?"
"It's alright, baby boy. You're trembling so beautifully. You did so well for me. You can move. Show me how bad you want it, Dean." The words break a dam inside Dean and everything he's been holding back comes rushing out of him in a violent burst. He raises up on his hands and immediately rocks forward and fucks himself back onto Cas's cock.
Dean joked and he heard a watery chuckle from the other side. It made him smile. There was a scrambling sound and Dean stood up as well. For some reason, he trailed his hand across the wall as he walked. He went out to the living room and pulled open his door just as Cas raised his hand to knock on it, apparently. He was standing there with his arm awkwardly hanging in the air, an embarrassed look on his red face.
"You are not going to kidnap me or something are you?"
Dean takes a deep breath and rearranges until he's looking up at the wall instead of at Castiel's t-shirt. Castiel considers saying something, but it'd be better to wait until Dean's ready. Castiel closes his eyes, just holding Dean and listening to their quiet breaths mix together in the darkness. A few minutes later, Dean moves his trapped arm and runs his hand over Castiel's chest before murmuring, "You awake?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, I thought you wanted my mind out of the gutter. What I wanted to say was that when you're around I'm consistently picturing bending you over every available surface and all manner of dirty things I could do to you. Those cucumbers earlier gave me some thoughts that-"
"I need a picture of you." He murmurs and looks back up. "May I have one? For the contact information?"
Flashback. It's short, I'm sorry!
to ask for. "Please fuck me, sir! I want your cock! I need it.
"Well... I just kind of wanted you to know what you're getting into. This... I mean, last night, it happens sometimes. I'm like that. If that's not something you want to deal with, I'd understand." Cas's hand slides up his back and curls into his hair soothingly.
"Normally?"
"I do." Then Cas leaned his head against Dean's shoulder, resting his head against Dean's chest. After a few minutes of silence, and the highway rolling by steadily out the window, Cas spoke, his voice deep and sincere. "I'm sure that whatever you did you did because you believed it to be the best option at the time." The words touched Dean, and he didn't trust himself to speak at the moment, so he settled for the next best thing. He leaned down and kissed Cas's temple softly, who hummed in response. This was nice. It felt so right, like Cas had always been meant to be here. He was supposed to be occupying shotgun in the Impala. He was supposed to be resting his head on Dean's shoulder, and playing idly with Dean's spare hand, running his fingers over the numerous scars and imperfections they held. It kind of hurt, if he was being honest, for someone else to fill that spot on the other side of the bench seat.
if he doesn't love the stretch and how damned
"I'm glad you like them."
perfectly. He traces a finger over his length encased in the cloth lightly, and Dean gasps. Cas can see how Dean tries to curb his natural instinct to thrust up into the touch. Good. He's learning. Most likely not even aware that he's doing that.
Dean shakes his head, smiling a little, “We’re really good at miscommunication.”
Dean smiles at the memory. He hadn't thought about her in
A few moments pass in silence, and Dean starts to get a little uncomfortable under the scrutiny, and he shifts around in his seat. Cas seems to know he's uncomfortable because he drops his gaze and looks down at his phone with a curious glance.
"I'm Dean. Nice to meet you, Castiel."
"Good boy."
"Probably inside a treehouse."
"So the angels tried to start the Apocalypse?"
Everything is faded in his grief for something he barely got to experience. How’s he supposed to move on now that he knows what it’s like to have someone like Dean? To have Dean?
"It's a long story, Cas."
"Mmm, baby boy. Look at you, all red and squirming for me. Your cock is so hard, trying to escape from those pretty panties. All that pretty blue lace wrapped around your cock makes me want to bend you over and fuck you until you scream."
"Hold on, a what now?"
“Do... Are we... I’m probably going to sound crazy.”
Dean trembles at the thought and tries to ignore the rising need to cum because he knows that Cas will stop when that happens. The vibrator moves from his perineum to the base of his cock, nestled against his balls. For the love of all that's holy, it starts pulsing. It has a rhythm, and it crumbles Dean's will to stay cognizant. Dean gives himself over to the sensations coursing through his body like thunder.
“I wanted to be there, Dean. You didn’t force it on me. It was my choice.”
He practically purred, "Oh, I think we both know that's not true, sweetheart." Castiel knew it was wrong but this was a little arousing. Dean was being very dominant and it was- No. He was not going to submit to him again. Apparently, that had been a mistake. "Dean, get off me." His voice was gruffer than usual and he hoped Dean wouldn't notice, but of course, he did. He raised his eyebrows and chuckled lightly. "Why?"
So I added some A/B dynamics because why not? I love the idea of a dominant, protective Dean and a slightly submissive but still feisty Cas. I'm not sure how far I'll take it. I legit have almost no control over this fic, it's pretty much writing itself. And the fic wants what the fic wants, LOL. I hope you enjoyed it. Please comment and tell me what you think!!!
His wallet burns a hole in the back of his jeans all day long. He's hyper-aware of its existence. It feels really weird to actually spend money that he hasn't earned but he needs to. He hits the grocery store first and buys some much-needed supplies, enough so that he won't starve in the next couple weeks. He grabs deodorant and trash bags on his way to the register. He pays the pimply teenager who looks incredibly bored and loads his stuff into the trunk on autopilot. His thoughts are consumed with this mysterious stranger who was somehow kind enough to return his wallet. The fact that it had been in his mailbox still confuses the hell out of him.
"Yes, I guess so. I was not expecting that."
Interesting factoid: Zulu was a mute comic book character from a series that was popular in the 1940's. Dean makes pop culture references NO ONE understands, I guess. Mostly cuz I suck at references, sorry. :) Enjoy.
"Yes. Yes, baby boy. Yes. Again. Such a sweet sound."
"Is my beautiful boy begging for my touch already? Would you like me to touch you?" Cas trails his fingertips up over Dean's left shoulder so softly that he can barely feel it, and Dean bites his lip. He wants those beautiful hands on him.
"That's not the truth, Dean. What have I said about lying?" Castiel growls lowly in his ear and scrapes his teeth across his neck. The next words make him freeze.
His throat hurt too much, but his eyes watered anyway. He tried to fight it, but it wasn't any use because at that exact moment Dean ran his fingers along Castiel's scalp and twisted them into his hair. "Come on. Let it out. It's alright, Cas. You got me here." The words broke him and he sobbed brokenly against Dean's skin. He hated that he was weak and that he hadn't been able to fight back. That he had been so useless for so long and he still was. He didn't deserve the wonder that was Dean but he loved him all the same. Oh. He loved him.
"Thank you, Cas."
Thank you for being so patient during our commercial break. Now, back to our regularly scheduled program. <3
"Good, me too."
"It's okay, Dean."
"Sounds good to me.
Dean looks apologetically over at the client. Mr. Zedenheimer just smiles indulgently. Dean gets the fluttery feeling again, a niggling that tells him he's already got the job. He spends the next few minutes examining the engine and explaining out loud as he goes. Dean can feel the old excitement pouring through him.
Sam raises his chin, "Yes, sir."
"Yeah. It doesn't matter, man. It's just been a long day. Can we talk about something else?"
for it.
"Uh, first of all, sorry. I didn't actually knock him out. He kind of... fell. Because I punched him. But he grabbed me and tried to throw me. So I, uh, yeah - Anyway, this is my brother, Sam. I'm Dean."
He's not sure what exactly he's doing, but he needs to move, he can't just sit there with all his thoughts burrowing into his brain like diamond-sharp razors. The grass is cold with dew but soft under his bare feet as he walks towards the hives.
It's almost a mantra, playing over and over in his head. He falls asleep that way, and if he's sucking his thumb while he's doing it, who's there to notice?
"And what were you thinking about?"
Cain promises that the Impala will be returned to Castiel's driveway by morning, and Castiel makes a mental note to buy him a very expensive bottle of scotch as a thank you. They both received some basic first aid from a couple of EMTs that arrived after the police were called. They'd given Castiel a painkiller for his nose, and they'd said Dean was in shock. Their instructions were to report to their general practitioners within the next 48 hours to get checked out fully. Dean's eyes are glassy the entire ride home. Nothing but whimpers escape him when they hit potholes, or Castiel goes around a curve too fast. He's not entirely sure what's wrong with Dean. Physically, he sustained minimal injuries, but mentally... it doesn't seem like he's here at all. Castiel's never dealt with someone that's in shock before. The paramedics suggested rest.
They need to talk. And Castiel needs to mention the age-play to Dean. He doesn't honestly think that Dean even realizes that he's doing it. However, if Castiel tells him, there's a chance that Dean will withdraw out of embarrassment or shame. He should wait until Dean is in a better mindset to accept it. Or at least, that's what he's telling himself.
Dean, you will
Two beats.
Castiel doesn’t even know what Dean’s begging for. He’s pretty sure that Dean doesn’t even know and that’s so hot. Castiel has an evil thought brewing in his mind, something about Dean having a vibrator in his ass while he fucks Castiel, but he lets it rest for now. It wouldn’t be very altruistic of him to not give Dean some pleasure while he’s down here, though. With a greater amount of focus than he’d prefer to have to use, Castiel raises back up and takes him in his mouth. He doesn’t stop until his nose is in the hair nestled at the base of Dean’s cock.
"Daddy, can I cuddle?"
Dean shakes his head as if to clear the thoughts away. “The whole skipping work thing I agree with. I can’t miss any more. Benny’s a patient man but not that patient. But we need to have stuff outside of each other anyway. To stay sane.”
Dean lays his head back down, whining, "Hey, no fair."
"My baby boy didn't think he was only getting one orgasm, did he? No,
“Yes,” Castiel nods firmly, deciding fuck it, and reaches out for Dean, who gradually leans into the embrace and then steps into the circle of his arms, leaning his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
He stares at the contract, lying so innocently on the wood. There's a knot in his stomach, but frissons of excitement are running through him.
When Dean wakes up, his body is humming pleasantly from his "workout" last night. He likes it. Dean stretches luxuriously, his muscles warming as Dean tenses and releases them. When he opens his eyes, he immediately finds his phone about two inches from his face. He unlocks it and sees he has messages from Cas.
"Is it strong?"
Cas does something downright
"Not at all, several days, more than half the days, almost every day?"
With a deep sigh, he put the car into gear and pulls out of his spot. He doesn't want to go home, but he has nothing else to do in town today. And he's spending the night alone on top of everything else. Dean said he had to go home and get some things done around the house, so he wouldn't be over tonight, but he'd drop by after work tomorrow. By the time he realizes that he'll be alone until tomorrow, Castiel feels so incredibly lonely that he's almost smothered with the feeling. What's he supposed to do now? Before Dean, he was a fully functioning independent individual. Now? He feels as if part of himself is gone now, attached to Dean's side in a style of symbiosis he likens to commensalism. Castiel's not entirely sure it's healthy, but he's also not willing to change it for the sake of form. It's not worth it in any capacity. But still, feeling like this isn't quite normal, perhaps he should talk to someone. Who?
They both start laughing, and Dean can't help but shake his head at the thought. Him inside Cas? Holy crap.
"Yes, Sir!" Dean gasps, "Oh, fuck!" Dean bites his lips and stifles the rest of his sounds, but Castiel knows they're there. He's going to make Dean
What he says out loud is, "Please fuck me, Sir. I'm ready.
"Cas, come on! Let's just go. There's nothing here." Cas turned to look at him with sad eyes. "Alright." He put the coat (blue and thigh length with a green cord-
"The idea that God is not in Heaven is hard to grasp."
"Shit, this is complicated. Sit down, Cas." Dean retreated a few steps to allow Castiel the necessary room to get to the bed. He sat on the edge of it and looked up at Dean expectantly. He was unsure why Dean wanted him to sit, but if it put Dean at ease so he would tell Castiel what he wanted to know, then he would do as he asked. Dean paced back and forth almost nervously. "I knew your name because I saw you a few years ago in a bar. My buddy Benny pointed you out and mentioned Zachariah. He knew who you guys were."
He knows his lifestyle, and his attitude itself can be a little suffocating if not overwhelming at times.
"I was hoping you'd say that. Lay down on your back, Dean. We're going to play some more, baby boy. You sure you're up for it?"
He sighed lightly, making sure Zachariah didn't hear him and continued to follow him. Zachariah had begun speaking again, and this time Castiel focused on it if only so he wouldn't be caught off guard again. "Nothing but maggots, Castiel. Nothing but a plight of worms on the bright word of Christ. These very people you see now, the same people that run these shops and stores, they are nothing more than putrid sacks of sin and debauchery. We must cleanse them. It is God's intention and his plan that they are expelled from the Earth through the Apocalypse, but we must try to make them see the light. They are unworthy and it is an ugly, disgusting task, but it is ours."
Cas's voice is contemplative, and Dean wonders why but doesn't waste the energy trying to figure it out. He pulls his slick fingers from his ass with a slight wince.
Dean's voice is sad and resigned, and Castiel's full of dread.
He knows ejaculation and orgasm are not the same things, and they can be separate, though he's never experienced it. Oh, God. Multiple orgasms. Shit, he's going to spontaneously combust before the night is out. Dean feels another finger pressing at his entrance, and he tries to relax his muscles to make the slide easier. Nobody's more surprised than him when it doesn't hurt at all. Well, Cas is apparently the sex master. He did say he wouldn't hurt him.
"Here?"
Dean grabbed Cas's other hand so he was holding both of them. He looked into his eyes, and without breaking eye contact, he sunk down onto one knee.
Cas looked up at him, and Dean saw happiness brimming in those eyes for the first time tonight. "I would like that very much, Dean. Do you want me to sleep on the couch?"
"What?"
With an iron will, he stills, holding himself impossibly motionless, trying to will all the blood out of his dick.
Dean shudders under the praise, loving the fluttery feeling it has settling under his ribs. He's a good boy. Cas runs his hand down Dean's back, and he loves how warm Cas feels compared to his chilled skin. Hopefully, he won't be chilled for long. He plans on getting hot and sweaty here soon. Cas's hand slides over the waistband of his panties and along his cheek, squeezing lightly. When a finger brushes against his dry hole, Dean's hips jump, and he bites his lip, looking down at Cas. He's smirking up at Dean, continuing to tease him.
"Our scene was beyond my wildest hopes. You were absolutely amazing, Dean. I'm so proud of you and so pleased. You did so well for me. It was wonderful," Cas says the words with a quiet sincerity that Dean immediately believes despite his insecurities, "I would love to scene again."
"I don't want to go home. I would like to stay with you if that'd be acceptable." Dean seemed floored by Castiel's admission and then he broke out into a wide grin.
"Yeah, Cas. You told me you didn't want to be controlled. You don't like being held down. At least in certain situations." Dean winked cockily at him and Castiel felt a light blush rise in his cheeks, which he immediately hated himself for.
"Fuck, you're amazing." Cas pants and Dean can only agree, just vice versa. He can't believe he was lucky enough to find a sex god of a kinky boyfriend in a coffee shop.
He ignores it and focuses on the beauty in front of him. It was a silver, sleek thing. Fuck. It was beautiful, and he knew Baby'd be jealous to see him looking at another car like this.
"I actually dropped by your house, Dean, it looks like shit. You should really clean it up you know, take care of it - as a man should. I thought I showed you how to be a man, but apparently not. Not with the company you keep." Dad glares at him and Dean feels his stomach roil. He might vomit. Sam reaches over behind Cas's back and grabs Dean's arm. His grip grounds Dean, and he looks over at Sam, but Sam isn't even looking at him. He's glaring straight ahead, determination written across his features. Dean can feel it in the air, something's about to snap.
If he places the bee in there it might fall and get hurt, he's not sure how far it goes down. Looking at the space between the edges and where the cover goes, he decides that he should just put the bee on the top of the inner cover, and then put the lid back. It's not going to squish it or anything, he's positive. He gently places the bee on the cover, watching it closely so he doesn't crush its wings or anything, and when it's safely placed, he bends down to grab the cover.
"Be good and make me cum, baby boy. I want to cum in your pretty little mouth."
"I don't know. I wasn't trying to be."
Dean hangs that one up and types in Charlie’s number.
"Yeah, come on. It was my bedroom, by the way, if you're comfortable with that." Cas nodded slightly as he followed Dean into his bedroom.
The messages are the first thing Dean sees when he wakes up, and it makes him smile. He never thought he'd be such a sap for a guy that he met a couple of days ago. It feels right, though, so he doesn't give a damn. Dean rolls over onto his back, phone in hand, and the blankets bunched around his bare abdomen. Sunlight is filtering in through the curtains, and he feels good in the sleepy subdued way. He texts Cas back, hoping for a prompt response.
The hunter stared at him… his anger deflating as guarded interest raised.
But… he was starting to like the guy, dammit. A bit more now that he understood him better. He was a good lad, and… he’d said he needed Dean’s help. To get into the Army.
“Oh, God. Oh, my God…”, mumbled Kevin.
He hug his torso from behind, covering him.
Cas looked back at his brother, surprised. He… didn´t think he´d ever seen him so worried. There was actual fear in his eyes, that quickly transformed into hurt.
Dean couldn´t help but smile. Now he was quoting love songs to him? Knowing the angel, he probably had no idea Bruno Mars had highly monetized that sentence.
“… a honeybee!”
The weak protest inside Castiel died at that, and he closed his eyes as he sighed, his shoulders slouching, his head tilting up to the sky. Time to stop fighting forward. It was enough for one day.
trail and follow it you go directly to the finish line, that would save you time, wouldn’t it?”, the mage asked.
“Yeah”, Dean smiled, “I’m starting to think we have more things in common than I thought”
Castiel let out a strange, startled sound as he whirled to face the door.
. Hey, mum!”, he raised his voice, making Cas shoot a glance of horror to him, “Come over here!”
You know. A normal night.
“And what did you tell him?”
“I mean… if you need someone to talk to or something. I know I´m not great with words, but…”
“Mum!!”, he desperately screamed, “Dad!! Michael, Gabriel!!”
“What were those holes in the ground?”, the mage asked as they walked through the forest.
“My father did”, answered Cas, looking up.
“How much do you know about souls, brother?”
“… if he begs…”, he added.
The hunter stood up to grab it and inspected it with a critical eye.
not leave without them. How had they found out about the portal? Not even they had knew it was possible to create it until they had found the sigil!
“He’s always been a very smart kid”, Dean said, eyes lost on the middle distance, a proud smile on his face, “Fixed it all on his own. He couldn’t tell me or my dad when it happened- we were out, on a supply run. So he shut himself up in Bobby’s library, started researching like crazy. Bobby was out, but he knew where the key was- and also all of his ritual ingredients. He got his big head between books and before the shadows overtook him, he had already figured out how to heal it and done it. We only learned what happened when we came back and found him exhausted, a jar of Holy Oil by his side. Along with
“I have to…”
“You wish”, he answered with a cocky half a smile.
“Yeah?”, said his brother, looking up from where he was examining his wounded knee.
He was panting uncontrollably on the ground, his nose screaming at him in agony, his ankle being tugged at. He looked down and suddenly understood the slow drag of earth and vegetation beneath him. He yelped and sat up to grab the vine and slash it with his angel blade.
Last night had been a little bit challenging, having a stranger seeing him on his sleeping clothes; even though they were as modest as his daily ones, buttoned up to his throat… And even more so for Dean to ask him if he could remove his shirt to sleep. However, he had steeled himself and agreed before simply turning away in bed.
“Dean!!!”
, he thought.
Dean blinked at him in confusion.
The hunter gasped with his eyes closed for a moment, then opened them as he took a step back, mouth wide and breathing slightly quickened. He blinked in surprise and took a hand to his side, where it found no wound- though his clothes were still marred with blood. He rolled his shoulder backwards and raised his eyebrows. The skin of his forearms was unmarred.
“Thank you, Dean. Thank you”, the angel said, looking sadly up at him, “But I´m not getting out of here. I´m sorry. You have to go”
“See? This way, it won´t bump into things”, the hunter explained with a smile, "Is it comfortable like this?"
They stayed in silence for some seconds. Dean´s frustration seemed to be eating at his guts when he looked back at the mage.
Dean’s voice died down, his gaze getting lost for a second, as if he had remembered something. His small, relaxed smile slowly melted into a serious pensive expression. His eyes moved down with a slight frown before he turned his head to look longingly towards the forest, in the direction he had pointed they had to follow.
Castiel looked up at him, saw his approving gaze and small smile, and nodded, tension leaving him a bit.
“Check this out, Cas!”
Dean looked back at him.
“I also heard, you helped a lot in putting all of this together for my Mary”
The angel looked away with a frustrated sigh.
“Tis okay man”, Dean said, “I can sleep on the floor, you know. If it makes you feel weird”
The hunter looked at him, puzzlement on his features, until his brow rose.
“No, he left that way”, Dean pointed at the spot he had found the potion at, “But it’s good to check if he found what he was looking for, cause if he did, he probably went back to town”
“What´s the big deal, angel? She´s gonna love it!”
“Alright”, he said as he folded the map and tucked it into his belt, “Get your flying stone, mage”, Dean ordered as he looked at him, “Let´s start”
Cas seemed to excuse himself from his conversation with Ellen and Mary and walked to them. But as soon as he got close, he stopped right in his tracks. His eyes were wide with awe, his lips partly parted. His expression turned marveled, shocked, humbled.
…”, he grunted, teeth clenched.
“Few have feet as big as his, and besides not many people can be roaming this forest…”, the hunter said as he got up again, his eyes raking the forest ground, before pointing sharply, “Yeah, look there! Another one! We fucking did it, Cas, we found his trail!”
Dean’s excitement was like electricity on his veins.
“I am really sorry”
“I offer you my deepest apologies again, Dean. I promise you that it will never happen again, and I swear that I didn’t… see much of anything”, said in a betraying increasingly small voice.
Dean woke up with a shout, panting.
The eyes of most of the wolves were locked into the dazzling light show, and some started to slowly trot closer to the hunter. Two or three that almost had their teeth on Cas launched forward again, but the mage let out a frantic push of kinetic force against them that made them skitter on the forest ground. With a frustrated growl, possibly seeing that none of their attempts had gotten them closer to him, they turned to run at the blade wielder. Cas´s heart clenched in sudden apprehension- they were too many…
And then something hit his back, and he went down.
“How?”, he said to Sam in an accusatory tone, “They will never stop looking for me”
“But something
It was girly, and it was pathetic, and it was true. He risked another glance.
So... wow. This was my beginning <3. I tried to fix into the story as many details from the show as I could. We got the Apocalypse, the Darkness, The End. How the Winchesters started hunting, Castiel's father bringing putting him back together twice (I did not know Chuck was God when I started writing this so I just thought of an undetermined loving dad), Cas being graceless... and Crowley as the King of Hell xD I felt *so fucking smart* when I came up with all of this, and I was so fucking excited! But I couldnt share it. But now it's out there!!!!!
“I ́m Dean”, the hunter said, his voice clearer, “Dean Winchester”
Cas took a slow breath as he frowned slightly, tensing.
“Yes?”
The hunter stayed frozen as Cas clasped tightly at his skin for a second, holding his breath. Then he exhaled, forcing his body to relax, his face to turn into a slight pained frown, while he took a controlled breath. He opened his eyes when he exhaled again, but it was obvious the pain hadn´t receded yet.
Dean licked his lower lip to immediately trap it between his teeth, nervous. He had his hands on his pockets, his gaze on the asphalt, and was leaning against the side of the Impala. It was a sunny day, and he was in the middle of nowhere.
He hadn´t known the sigil had been ruined before jumping into fire with him, but he didn´t have to mention that at that moment. And it hadn´t been on his plans to get barbecued by then, or to stay behind; he totally had thought they could leave flying together.
- and he couldn’t care less about smells.
Special thanks to:
”, he repeated curtly.
“Don’t”, he grunted pointedly, “wander. Off”
“Mandrake?”, he asked as he tilted his head, eyes squinting a little bit.
“Forget the moss”, he reminded him.
Dean had actually seen more signs than what he was showing Cas, but had kept them to himself so he wouldn’t overwhelm him. He had located more black blood, and very distinct limp-dragging marks. He’d understood that amidst the battle, one of the rawheads had probably escaped, injured- and after Sammy finished up at the clearing and the cave, had started following it. Rawheads sometimes operated in communities, individuals changing from one nest to the other in mating season- to spice things up, maybe? So maybe this one knew of a near refuge. Dean could swear that this trail was making a beeline for nest number two, the eastern one, if his mental image of the map wasn’t utterly wrong.
