Sam shook his head. “Right, of course. My bad, clearly.”
Dean looked thoughtful for a moment, then he took another large gulp of beer. “Jo, I don’t like talking to you. You make my head hurt.”
Dean grinned. “Ah.”
Dean tried to stop her, he really did, but when he opened his mouth all that came out was, “nice meeting you too.”
Dean spun around to find Bec standing in the doorway, her arms crossed. He hadn’t even noticed she opened the door.
Now Castiel knew. The less sensible, ruder brother of course was Dean Winchester.
“I can’t lie, it’s like I’m cursed or something. But who- son of a bitch. Son of a
Zachariah waved his hand. Dean gasped, and was thrown away from the car. He landed a few feet away on his back.
Jo laughed at that and hit him in the back of his head.
“Dad talked to me about it the next day, while we were finishing up that werewolf hunt with the two kids, remember?”
“I don’t understand.”
Sam was a lot more faithful than he was, and didn’t seem uncomfortable standing in the Church while being greeted by a bunch of overly nice middle-aged couples.
The other brother turned, and his eyes met Castiel’s. He froze. “Man, it’s the guy from the diner.”
“Aw, Cas,” Dean smiled. “Uh, yeah feels a lot better. Hey, my lips are hurting too.”
“Maybe Dean can flirt his way out of this curse,” Sam said.
Castiel leaned closer to Dean, and whispered in his ear, “I want to talk to you. Alone.”
The more Dean denied his truth, the worse his head hurt.
Castiel looked up at Bobby, who looked sweaty.
“You drive,” he told Sam.
“Well, I’ve heard some shit before, but this takes the cake,” Bobby said.
Bobby would tell them to stop being big saps (except when Dean would bring up Ellen, then Bobby got embarrassed).
Uriel sighed. “We are not made emotionless, Castiel. We are simply told we do not feel them. How else do you explain Zachariah’s impatience? Lucifer’s anger? Gabriel’s need for entertainment?”
Dean stuck his tongue out at Sam.
Castiel then knew that Bobby had merely been joking.
The two headed to Church.
“I know.”
Sam looked at Dean. “and we’re okay with this?”
Bec nodded. “Well, come as much as you like, and I’m open to answering questions.”
Dean snickered. “Why should we look into lore, we got a real ass angel in our living room!”
For a brief moment, Dean was content. Not exactly at peace or whatever the fuck. But it was out now. His truth. It was over with, and on the plus side the world didn’t end. Until he realized Cas was still there, and Cas hasn’t said anything yet, and oh shit why hasn’t he said anything? Is he disgusted? Is he-
“No no,” Dean said. “No, let me say it, it’s one of my truths.”
“I’ve spoken with Uriel recently. He does not want to interfere. He says something is supposed to happen, and I’m not going to kill him.”
“Dunno if I can say.”
“I don’t know how, nor care, but Zachariah knows that you were always going to fall for a human. For Dean Winchester. So, he had to have him killed. Why he sent you of all angels, I have no idea.”
Greasy food. The number one cure for hangovers.
“Nope.”
“Nah, just not yourself,” Dean said. He leaned closer. “What can I do to get you smiling, again?”
There was no one around them. Just trees. Thorns. And a dead, decapitated vampire a few feet away. It would be easy to kill him.
“We’re going now,” he said. To Dean, he whispered, “come on, we’ll find another way to cure your curse.”
Dean wanted to tell his brother to go fuck himself, but he ended up saying, “I have a hard time sleeping.”
“It will be difficult to kill me.” Castiel informed them. “I am an angel of the Lord.”
Sam smirked. “So you can only answer things honestly?”
Sam nodded before closing the door. Dean waited until his brother entered the Church.
“Sure as hell looks like the type.”
Dean decided it was best not to try and thank her.
“Well, pretty sure you turn him on just a bit,” Sam said. “Now please don’t tell him I said that. I will pluck off your wings and make fried angel wings, man. I mean it.”
“Take your time,” Sam said.
Sam tossed him a machete.
Castiel frowned.
“I was telling Cas about the curse,” Sam said.
wouldn’t you want to?”
Dean elbowed his brother sharply while grinning at the pleasant woman.
“Yeah right, I would have remembered you.” Dean said. “And what the hell is up with the coat? Have you checked the weather recently?”
Angels weren’t supposed to feel this way.
“What? Ew, that’s gross. He’s my brother.” That was true, but he didn’t mean to say that. He was more buzzed than he thought.
“The hell, man?”
He dared to look at Cas. The angel was watching him with an unreadable expression.
“Are you all right?” Cas asked.
Bec smiled, like she was recalling a pleasant memory. “Well, I was in a really awful place after college, with college funds, and it was difficult to find work. Then my parents recently split. It felt like my world was collapsing around me.”
Dean noticed. “Wait.” he tried to sit up straighter, but he ended up stumbling back against the couch again. “Shit, sorry. Heaven isn’t paradise?”
“I am sorry for your loss,” Castiel said, because it felt like the right thing to say.
Sam didn’t yell, or attack him, or run away like Castiel had expected. In fact, the Winchester seemed pretty calm, for someone who was just told heaven sent an angel to kill his brother.
The woman seemed satisfied with this answer. “That’s fine. But can you go sit somewhere? You’re creeping a couple of people out.”
Sam didn’t respond. But he looked like he understood.
Dean coughed.
Jo dragged Dean towards a table and Sam happily followed them. Once they sat down, Ellen marched up to Bobby, slapping him.
“Don’t you have business in heaven?” he asked.
Humans were ignorant creatures. He had been told such. He didn’t have to be patient with them, nor kind. He was only sent to kill Dean Winchester.
“I am failing,” Castiel said. “Are you here to finish my mission?”
Dean grumbled, “damn her.”
Rowena looked thoughtful. “I’m not sure how many blonde witches I’ve come across in my life. But I will look into it and I’ll let you know if I find anything.”
“Thanks,” Sam said. “It means a lot to us.”
“You’re my best friend, you’re like family to me, and you’re important to me no matter what you do or don’t do.”
Castiel didn’t answer.
be. He was just stalling his first mission. He was just worried Zachariah wouldn’t give him another one. That’s all this was.
Castiel was not focusing on Dean, or the little space between them, or how hot it suddenly felt cramped up in the car. He did notice Dean has freckles. He wondered how long it would take to count them all.
“Only one way to find out.”
“I believe you.”
Dean kept his eyes shut until he heard everyone say, “amen.”
“Cause that’s what this is about,” Sam muttered.
“Good, because I’m going to kiss you now.”
“Sorry about that,” Dean said. “He’s kind of uh, cranky.”
Dean isn’t exactly the best liar in the world, he knew that. But he was pretty good at lying to his brother. Lying was just failing him at the moment.
“It was a long time ago,” Jo said simply. “Anyway, what about you?”
He forgot about the damn truth spell early in the morning. Or afternoon, or whatever. He was too groggy to think straight.
“Used to?”
“Oh yeah there’s more, a
“But I’m sure you already know that,” Dean huffed.
Sam muttered, “you sure think so.”
“I don’t think I have a hangover,” Dean said.
“What?”
Interest flashed in Rowena’s gaze. “Really? She might be a friend then, describe her, dear.”
“I see you have not completed your mission.”
“Thank you.” Sam said.
“I’m tired of this stupid curse. I’m tired of this stupid headache, and I’m tired of keeping my feelings bottled up because I worry that they’re unwanted.”
“I’m not jealous.”
This time Castiel wasn’t able to repress a smile. Dean was genuinely amusing. He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel about that.
Sam laughed.
“What?”
“Take your time,” Sam said patiently.
Oh, Castiel had never heard of that method before. He planted a quick kiss on Dean’s forehead. “Does that feel better?”
“Wow,” Dean said. “So, can you angel mojo the rest of these dishes clean?”
“The woman at the bar,” Dean said. “She must have cursed me. I tried lying, man. It’s not working.”
“Wait, how did you know?”
The blonde girl probed Dean in the side. “What are you looking so gloomy for, huh?”
“Oh, you gotta be kidding me,” Dean made a gagging noise. “Oh my god, wait, how much did you see?”
Castiel leaned against the car. “You wanted to know what my mission was.”
Dean said, “I’ll go with you.”
Dean’s eyes grew wide at the suggestion. “You don’t really think that, do you?” He turned to Castiel. “Do you have wings?”
Bobby snorted, “pretty boy angel.”
After his conversation with Cas, Dean had little trouble falling asleep.
Dean just bit his lip again and went back inside with his brother. Castiel watched him go. He felt fuzzy. He thought that was the appropriate term. He did not like this effect Dean had on him. Three times he came in contact with the Winchester, and each time he had failed to kill him.
“Uh, huh.”
Cas was closer to Dean than he was a moment ago. Was he? Maybe he was just imagining it. Or maybe…?
“Who’s that?” Dean asked.
“Pfsh, Sam, please. He’s an
“Since-” Dean quickly stopped himself from saying anything stupid. “Anyway, if she has a black cat, get the hell outta there.”
Castiel nodded. “I do not wish to kill Dean.”
“Great, Bec says she’s free right now, so time to go hunt ourselves a witch.”
“I don’t know, man, the place was pretty crowded. You sure it was her that cursed you?” Sam asked.
“All clear,” he whispered.
“God bless the two of you,” she said. She then went back to sit with her husband.
Dean pulled back and grabbed onto Castiel’s trench coat. “This is annoying,” he said. “You should wear it less often.”
Castiel had no easy answer. The closest he could come up with was, “I don’t want to.”
“That’s still so awesome,” Dean said giddily. “Alright, hand me one.”
“What about you, Sam?” Bec asked.
The trench coat was tossed to the floor, and Dean was back at Castiel’s neck, kissing harder than a few moments ago.
Dean freezed.
“Yeah okay- wait what?”
“Try to find a cure,” Sam said. “If you can.”
“Oh…” Castiel grabbed on to Dean’s jacket, clenching it tightly. He was pulling Dean closer, when he should be pushing him away.
“Yeah, but not a lot,” Sam said, watching Castiel.
Jo crossed her arms. “Don’t start your childish crap please.”
“It’s fine. Honest.” Dean said. “Well, obviously honestly, because I can’t lie to you.”
Castiel hadn’t considered that before. Dean didn’t have to know why Heaven sent him. “That is correct.”
“Glad you think so.” Admitting the truth relieved him more than he expected.
“Eh?”
“So Bobby said he tracked down the vampires,” Sam was saying. “In this small hotel close by.”
“Do you really think he would?” Dean asked.
Dean wasn’t a Church person. His family had never been religious. Sure, now he knows there's Heaven, angels, and a God or whatever. But those sons of bitches aren’t people who deserve to be worshipped. In fact, they’re all assholes.
“How about this, we’ll get you something to eat, on the house.” the tall one said.
“Oh God,” Bec sounded fretful. “Do you think I should call the cops?”
“You weren’t actually going to kill me, right?”
If he could have, Dean would have killed him right then and there.
crack.
Who knows what weird angel-y stuff this guy can do. I say he comes with us.”
“Hey. No, don’t tell me you are responsible for me,” Dean said. “It’s not your fault I have to go through this, okay?”
“Uh, excuse me, sir?”
“Nah,” Sam said. “Is it bad? The mission?”
“Just
“Something like that.”
The taller brother snickered.
Dean looked at Castiel’s plate, completely untouched. “You going to eat that?”
“Dean-
“Thank you,” he said to Bobby.
“Aw, Cas,” Dean smiled. “I like you. Please stay a dumb fuck forever.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Attachment?”
Dean looked back at Bec. She was lowering her hand.
He needed Sam to understand.
“I see you’ve yet to kill Dean Winchester,” Uriel said.
Dean winced.
He cleared his throat and said, “Uh. I guess as a kid I always felt like I couldn’t be myself. My dad expected me to be a father figure to Sam for him and to take care of everything. He wanted me to grow up to be a strong guy who would one day settle down with a wife. He only cared about what he wanted for me and didn’t give a damn about what I wanted for myself.”
Dean was starting to think he may have made a mistake. Maybe Sam was right, and she wasn’t the witch who cursed him. Perhaps she was just an innocent girl he was currently threatening.
“What did she just say?” Dean demanded.
“So you want to love someone who accepts you as you are,” Bec said.
“The human must go,” Zachariah said. “Do not mess this up, Castiel. I am not very fond of failure. Must I send Uriel with you?”
There was only one person who he could call for help. Castiel sat on the dusty floor of Bobby’s guest room and prayed to Uriel.
“You’d think she’d change after ten years,” Bobby muttered. He then noticed Castiel was still standing there. “What are you looking at, idjit?”
“Okay, so, we’re going to check the Church tomorrow, to check in, right?” Sam asked.
“How do you know?” Dean asked.
Zachariah gasped in pain as someone shoved the angel blade through his neck, blood gushing out onto Castiel.
“What are you talking about? Hunt?”
Sam gave her a little wave.
Sam pulled out two machetes from his jacket.
“He had Rufus help him.”
Ironically enough, it was true. The throbbing pain in his head eased and his whole body relaxed.
“Yes,” Castiel said.
Castiel frowned.
Okay, so neither Cas nor Bec were bigots. Nice.
“You do,” Uriel said. “Don’t lie to me, Castiel. I can see it. I can sense it.”
Shit. The fucker just had to ask. Dean kept his mouth shut.
“Fine. What are you doing here?”
“I do not understand you, Castiel.” Zachariah sighed. “I was trying to avoid all of this. Now you’re making it more difficult.”
The ghost in that damn Church slashed Sam’s leg. Dean stitched it up and bandaged it as best as he could but Sam’s been limping since they left the Church.
“Ow,” Bobby rubbed his cheek.
Uriel nodded. “Oh, of course. It is not often angels form such attachment, especially to humans, but it is not unfamiliar to me.”
The next time Castiel finds Dean, he is with a woman. She’s pretty, and blonde, and there was something about her bright soul that Castiel didn’t like.
“Cas?” Castiel asked.
“No, we’re not.”
Sam huffed, and bent down, scooping the keys up.
Dean muttered, “You don’t have to be useful for me to care about you, Cas.”
jerk. Go to bed.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. He remembered Matt’s pained expression when he first came out to Dean. Then, he remembered his sigh of relief when Dean told him it was alright, that it did not matter.
“Yes.
“I'm fine,” Sam said. He took a swig of his drink.
Dean felt woozy when he stood up. Which is odd. One drink sure as hell isn’t enough to get him buzzed.
“So, why Dean anyway?” Sam asked one night when the four of them were sitting at the table, eating dinner that Bobby tried to cook up.
“I didn’t mean to scare you.”
Dean’s ears dusted pink. “Uh, I left something. In the car.”
Castiel’s frown deepened. “I was unaware I appeared angry to you.”
“Like shit,” Dean said. Which it wasn’t what he meant to say, but whatever. It was the truth.
“Dude.”
“Yeah.”
Sam cleared his throat. “He didn’t mean that.”
“Yes,” Cas answered for him. “He can only say the truth.”
Cas smiled. Dean liked his smile. He liked being the reason Cas was smiling. “That was nice.”
Dean nodded. “Then this could be something,” he said.
Cas grasped Dean’s arm as they exited the bunker. “Dean?”
“Well, Cas hasn’t found anything unusual,” Sam said. “Perhaps she isn’t our witch after all.”
Castiel came to a solution.
Dean smiled at his brother. “See Sam? He’s adorable, can we keep him?”
“That’s uh, a good way of putting it,” Sam said.
Sam raises his hands up. “Every time I try to say, ‘oh I don’t know about this, Dean,’ he does it anyway.”
Dean hoped Sam would come up with some cheesy shit right off the bat to make up for the fact that Dean had just disclosed a lot of personal crap he had kept hidden for decades.
Dean was startled out of his thoughts as someone knocked on his door.
Sam paid him no mind. “All right Cas, do you think you can get in?”
Castiel’s stomach churned.
Dean and Cas made their way past the living room and down the hall. Dean opened one of the bedroom doors cautiously, praying that it wouldn’t squeak. Thankfully, it didn’t.
Rowena opened her eyes. Her hand fell to her side. “You’ve definitely been cursed, alright. A Truth Spell. Those can be very tricky.”
The car ride back to the bunker was silent, but not in a peaceful way. Dean felt like he was being suffocated by the tension in the air.
“That might be a good idea,” Sam said.
As they left, Sam said, “I don’t know, man, definitely not getting any witch vibes from her. More so therapist vibes.”
“Yeah, we’ll probably think more about it, come to a few more,” Sam said. “Maybe.”
“Nope.” Dean kicked off the covers and stood up. “No, I’ll go with you.”
He said, “Uh, come in.”
“You are saying your brother wants to have sexual intercourse with me,” Castiel said, looking at Sam for confirmation.
“I’m not,” Dean protested quickly. Okay so maybe he was a little interested?
“Anyway, they haven’t taken many victims yet. Just this one teenage girl last night, according to Rufus. Should be an easy kill.”
“We’re going to the roadhouse,” Dean said. “Oh, wait! You’ve never met Jo and Ellen have you? You’ll love them, they’re great!”
“And you think Bec is the witch who cursed you?” Cas asked.
“I love teasing Dean,” Sam said happily. “Makes up for the time he told this girl back in middle school that I like her.”
“Fine, whatever. Not insulting ya, boy. I’m just telling ya. I’ve seen how you look at Dean. It’s how I used to look at my wife.”
someone.
“Cas?”
“Sure, yeah.”
“Which is what I told you before,” Castiel said.
“I’ll go with you, Dean,” Castiel said, standing up.
“No,” Cas said.
“That’d be really helpful,” Dean said. Haha, a truth in his lie! “Where can we find you?” Did that sound too creepy? Probably.
Castiel shouldn’t be here any longer. He’d just confront Dean another time. There were too many people here, perhaps all hunters, who all seemed to care about Dean a great deal. He didn’t want to have to defend himself from them whilst also completing his job.
Calling Rowena sounded like a good plan, and Dean agreed.
Dean telling Sam to cut his hair. Late nights where the boys just sat in the living room and drank and drank. Slightly burnt burgers or takeout. Hunting.
“Damn, be that way, then.”
Uriel sighed, “saw this one coming.”
“What about Ellen?” Castiel asked. He worried she might come back and slap him a few more times, just for being there.
“Uh, so you were sent here to kill me?”
“What made you fall?”
Dean didn’t like how quiet it was in the  Impala. He didn’t like how Cas kept glancing over at him. He didn’t like how fast his heart was racing. Or how the truth was so present, just
“Then maybe she’s looking at you,” Dean said.
Dean didn’t help much either. He was always making jokes, always touching him briefly, like patting him on the shoulder when he passed by. Or playfully punching him in the arm. It only made Castiel feel even more confused.
“What? Where?”
“Hey Cas,” Dean grinned.
“I don’t know, I thought you were cute?”
Jo snorted. “What, with your job? I’d take it that would be an everyday thing for you.”
“Do you want to know?”
“He said to me, ‘now you listen, because I ain’t gonna say this again. You will not behave in this manner. You will not die of AIDS, and you will not be a sissy.’ And I’m not sure why, but that stuck with me.”
sent to do,” Castiel breathed out.
So Dean and Sam sat there, for an insufferable amount of time, listening to the preacher talk about God, like he gave a shit about their prayers.
“I told you, I have business here.”
“I can’t,” Castiel admitted.
The bartender was no help. “Sorry, I don’t remember her,” he said. He passed an old man his drink and grabbed another glass. “Though, blondes aren’t really my type. I’m not sure if I would have noticed her.”
“That’s my boy,” Dean laughed. He downed the rest of his beer, then went back to ask for another.
Dean sat down beside him. “It’s about uh, my truth, or whatever.” he said.
That was a great idea, actually.
Dean groaned, “no Sam, of course there are no angels.”
Sam opened his mouth, probably to make some snarky comment, when a familiar blonde entered the Church.
“Sorry,” Castiel apologized again. “I will try not to think about it again.”
“Uh, at least by me dinner first,” Dean tried to joke, but the words were shaky, and his face was flushed red.
“Me neither,” Sam said. “Maybe she hasn’t arrived yet?”
Sam saved him by asking, “what about finding the witch who cursed him? If we find her, maybe gank her, would that cure Dean?”
“I don’t think he’s human, Sam,” Dean said. “If he is, he’s just one hell of a freak.”
“Going to. Check the car. Right. Now.” Dean coughed.
“You know what?” Dean pulled out something from his pocket. Castiel soon recognized it as a gun.
“Sam,” Sam said. “And my brother, Dean.”
“I don’t…”
“Maybe we should go,” Sam said. “Thank you, so much for your time.”
Bec stumbled into the living room and reached for a nail filer on the coffee table. Her hands trembled as she held it out in front of her.
“Dude, are you homeless?” asked the taller brother. “If you are, you could just say something. We’d help you out, man.”
“She passed.”
“It’ll take a bit,” Sam said. “I’ll be back.”
“What won’t I like?”
Castiel was never sent to Earth before. But surely killing Dean Winchester couldn’t be too difficult. “I can manage.”
“You do not appear to be upset.”
Rowena shrugged. “Something you’ve kept to yourself for a long time. Perhaps from yourself too. Something that eats you away at night. Something you’ve longed to say for years. That is a big truth, Dean.”
the plan. Castiel should stop him
“I got you angel,” Dean murmured.
He grabbed Dean’s arm. “We should go.”
“I um, tripped,” Cas admitted sheepishly.
“Room 33.”
“Oh. Great, well cat’s out of the bag, I guess. Did you call Rowena?”
Dean whispered in his ear, “is this what you wanted, Cas?”
Dean tried to remember, but it was all a blur. “I don’t know man. I just remember that hot chick.”
The next day, Dean woke up and headed to the kitchen, and there he was, sitting with Sam at the table while he drank his stupid kale mush.
Dean knew that his brother would never judge him for who he was. Cas would never judge him, regardless of whether he felt the same way. It seemed as if John’s shadow was continuously  following him around, telling him he had to be his perfect son over and over. His tenacious son. His masculine son, who remained unfazed by the weight of emotion. His son, who is straight.
Except Castiel was given an unusual job. To kill a man named Dean Winchester.
Once they stepped inside, Castiel willed himself to draw out his angel blade. Yet, he couldn’t find it in him.
“Okay, good. I’m going to kiss you now. Again.”
Dean was making this difficult. Why couldn’t he just accept the fact Castiel is an angel and then move on?
“I do not know.”
“Cas! Sorry we thought you were busy.”
“Oh, Castiel.  I’m so happy for you two.”  Mary jumped onto the other couch to hug him, Cas which made the other man laugh.  When Mary pulled back from him she put her hands on his face.  “No matter what you do I know he’ll say yes.  I’m so excited to finally be able to call you my son.”  John watched in awe as Castiel’s eyes misted up at the comment.
“Cas has always been the sassy one, y'all just don’t get the brunt of it.
“If I could write beautiful prose based solely on the way our love explodes out of us to the point where it vibrates the very molecules of the air and shifts the clouds, shifting them to fit the whirlwind that is us… I would.  But I’m a bit biased. And you know how much I love watching that effect between others. The more angst the better. Plus, there’s always after…” His wife suggests with a wiggle of her hips which startles something warm and pleasant in him.
“Besides.  You need to know this stuff if you’re going to be hunting with us.  You need to know how to find the information quickly and efficiently.”  Then Dean shrugs and watches Cas reluctantly concede as he sits to open the device. Sam sends Dean a silent thank you and Dean turns back to his own computer with a nod, leaving Sam to the teaching.
“To be honest, I don’t really want to if I don’t have to.  It was horrible and bloody.  I trained the boys when they were young, too young.  Dean didn’t even really have a childhood because he had to raise Sam.  I was off being an idiot, almost dying hundreds of times.  I didn’t do right by those boys, didn’t even do right by you.  Sam wanted out after he graduated highschool.  He got into Stanford and I was so mad at him.  We fought so bad. Dean tried to stop us, but it didn’t help.  Sam left for college and Dean stayed.  Wasn’t till years later and I’d ditched Dean, that I even saw my own son again.  Dean had pulled him out of his early retirement and college years just to help find me.”  John sighed and dragged a hand down his face.  “I was such an idiot.  Just wanted that son of a bitch’s head on a platter.  Then one night, boys and I got into an accident.  Sounds just like the one here. except over there the driver was a demon.  He did it on purpose.  Dean was… he was dying.  And I couldn’t let that happen so I… I sold my soul to a demon just to save him.  Not just any demon though… the same one who’d killed you was the one who took my deal.  I died and left them to finish that stupid quest.  I went straight down to hell with all these bastards who knew me, knew I hunted their kind.  And they tortured me.  A month down there it’s… like 10 years of their time.  They wanted to break me, wanted me to start torturing other souls.  I did a lot of thinking about the life I put those boys through and was damn sure not gonna cave to these evil creatures.  It was a year of aboveground time before things started changing.  Demons were whispering about a gate opening.  I made a break for it, somehow I just knew that Sam and Dean would be out there trying to stop whatever evil was happening.  I made it through just in time to help Dean end the fucker that started it all. Then I… woke up in the hospital.”  Mary let out a long breath.
“Cas.  Is that a… bath duck?”
“Of course you noticed.  Well, Dean’s ready to tell you now.  He’s been really worried about it.  He thinks you never really approved of anyone him or Sam brought home until Jess-”
“So did you just draw the short end of the stick or does one of your siblings have it worse?”  John asked, fighting to make conversation.
A loud crash came from downstairs.  Both him and the creature turned toward the noise.  John made for the door and so did the creature, which was thankfully still tangled, so he was able to get in the hall and shut the door before it even got close.  His breathing was heavy and his heart smacked around painfully, but he pushed on down the stairs.
“Do they have a story?” She asked gently, and Dean almost pulled away but one look into her eyes and he knew he was about to spill something.  He let out a sigh wondering when they had all become each other's therapists.  Dean gently pulled his wrist away from her to look at the bracelets, as much a part of him as his leather jacket and car had once been.  He made a motion to play with his ring and was once again reminded where it had gone, which left a faint pang in his chest. He twisted his fingers around where the ring once sat to stave it off, a nervous habit he knew the whole camp had seen him do a million times.  He looked at the faded friendship bracelet, braided into a sturdy pattern and the black elephant hair bracelet next to it.
Turned out that some things in their lives were as easy as that. As easy as sitting in bed together, crying because you’re so in love.  As easy as leaning in and giving over to that pull between the two of you.  As easy as free falling into the safety net of eachothers arms.
“Well I’m sorry you clearly have bad taste.  But if a lifetime of horrible is what you want-”  Dean rants as he too removes the rest of his clothing and makes his way toward the shower.  Steam is gathering in the room and the noise of the shower is enough that he doesn’t hear Cas sneak up behind him.  Just finds himself being turned around and pressed into a tile wall.  Cas’s mouth finds his and ravages it making Dean melt, gripping at Cas just for something to hold on to.  Cas’s licks the seam of his lips and Dean opens up with no hesitation, letting Cas explore him and groaning out his appreciation.  When he pulls back Dean’s head in spinning and his vision is full of mirthful blue eyes.  “Holy shit, Cas.”  Dean hadn’t even noticed the hot spray pounding into them, and barely feels it now.
on Sunday.  I don’t care if you’re still recovering, you’ll sleep on the couch.”  John rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, I don’t need to see that.  Got it.”  She took a deep breath in preparation.  “You know the Mall of America?”
“Sam better not lose that one.”  Then he looks at Cas who’s watching him with this hopeful stare, that makes Dean’s mouth run dry.  His brain fumbles around for what to say.  “Uh..”  Awesome.  Eloquence at it’s finest.  “Hi.”  Dean says softly.  Definitely not winning any Darwin awards.   Cas gives him a little knowing smile.
“Do you know where you are, besides in a hospital?”  Her eyes were trained on his face, watching him so carefully.  John thought hard for a moment.  Only problem was he
“Do you think you’ll be able to love someone else after I’m gone?”  Mary asked in a voice quieter than the crackling of the fire but barely louder than the rustling of falling leaves.  It hurt like a stab wound.
Charlie’s tactical plan had been smart.  Under the mall was where the old commuter rail used to end, as well as buses.  There were a lot of railings and fences, all they needed to do was open the doors into the mall and make a lot of noise to summon them down.  From what they could tell, the Mega Mall had been used as a refugee camp in the early days.  But things had gone sour, very very sour.  Now the building was a mess of half fortified, half infested with bozos.  Dean had a thrill running through his veins as the adrenaline kicked into high gear.  It would take days, if not weeks of careful sweeping and planning to get the bozos out and keep them from getting back in.
“You’re the best tease in the entire multiverse.  And for that you will pay so dearly later.” He tells her, tilting his chin down slightly as his eyes sparkle with mischief.   She returns the look with an equal amount of anticipation.
“Snuggle in the living room?” She asked with a little smirk, it made John light up inside and out.
“You love me anyway.”  Dean told him and booped him on the nose.
“Oh definitely.  You two would have gotten on like a house on fire.”  Dean told her and Charlie winced.  “Hey, I’m allowed to joke about it.  I actually survived a house fire.”  She laughed lightly at that.
Cas leaned into Dean and put their foreheads together, grabbing Dean’s hand on his cheek and holding it there as his breaths came in shaky gasps.  Then after a moment to regulate his breathing, Cas pulled back and looked Dean in the eyes.
“Stop running and actually talk to me, then.”  Cas cutting him off wasn’t super common, but he never thought he would see the day that Cas put his foot down about
“Will you tell me about it?”  Cas asked, elbowing Dean in good jest.  Dean had to marvel over how far they had come in the past year.  All the social nuances that had once seemed like a foreign language to him, now he used when they suited him.  He understood so many metaphors and a good chunk of slang. Dean was proud of him, mainly because he seemed so happy.  Even if sometimes he did stand a little too close to Dean still. Dean found he really didn’t mind anymore.
“That night, I snuck out of my house.  Don’t know how I wasn’t caught.  I scaled up the side of Cas’ house and got him out of bed.”  Dean chuckled softly to himself.  “He always had the worst bed head.  He looked at me so confused, but Cas he… always trusted me.  So he got out of bed, put his swimsuit on and we went back to the creek.”  Dean closed his eyes, and he could just see it.  Though the memory was more than two decades old.  The stars had been so clear that night, they reflected in Cas’ eyes which were a nicer shade than that of the creek.  The air had felt crisp without being cool.  They were warm with the adrenaline of sneaking out which made their smiles especially bright every time they glanced at each other.  Young enough that they could still hold hands because they didn’t yet know how society felt about that.
”  To Dean’s surprise the asshole started laughing.
tell the Morningstar of his true identity.”  Raphael, another of his archangel brethren lectured Castiel about his new position.  “You will limit your interactions with the humans who pass through.  You are to protect them from our brother and his treachery.  You
against
“No!”  Cas raises his eyebrows at Dean’s panicked tone.
On the other side are washes of grey and large black
“I guess we were so worried about the pain none of us thought what it would feel like without pain.”  Cas said with his brow furrowed in thought, then he looks back and Dean and reaches his hand up to Dean’s cheek, caressing gently.  Dean moves into the motion like an eager cat, closing his eyes as the smallest feelings of bliss light up inside him.  “How are you feeling otherwise?”
All he ever wanted was to be anywhere else.  To explore and live, to see things.  Not be stuck on this boring island with only his brother and mother for company for the rest of his life.  He never felt like he fit here, like it was right.
“Yeah, course you can… I mean that’s logical, but you could also put y-”
“It’s okay to hope, Dean.  I know it hurts.  But considering everything that is this world, it’s okay to let yourself want something.”  Charlie said quietly.
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Winchester.”  Castiel’s voice was deeper and gruffer than his was.  He extended his hand and a pinch to his lower back made him extend his own.
“He’s smitten.  I don’t think you’ll be getting your daughter back anytime soon.”  Mary laughed and kissed her daughter-in-law on the forehead.  “You did amazing sweetie.  And thank you both, for naming her after my grandmother it was very sweet.”
“We did.  Kept doing it all throughout growing up.  It was our thing.  Midnight swims in the creek.  Jumping off the swing and trying to catch the other one, which half the time ended up in a wrestling match.”
“I’m in a hospital.”  John answered which made Mary roll her eyes.
“So you’re gay. That’s what you two have been hiding from me?”  He heard Dean shuffling on the couch and turned slightly to see his very stiff form.
After all, you’re gonna be a dad soon.”   A mischievous glint came to Dean’s eyes and Mary spoke up before he could put the plan into action.
on the final page.  That’s what he’s doing now, but Dean is still scared.  He’s scared when his arms come up to hold Cas back, but instead they fist into that familiar trench coat.  He’s scared when his eyes dip lower for what feels like the millionth time since he met Cas, but this time his brain doesn’t force shut down and restart.  This time there’s lag time, buffering, considering
“I’m ready.  And I can do it myself.  You’ve done enough, John.  You don’t need this on you too.  Just… help me outside?”  So they hobbled outside together and John helped Cas on the edge of Dean’s grave.  It made sense not to dig another hole and it was where Castiel wanted to put himself to rest anyway.  The pistol passed between their hands, John flicked off the safety for him.
“I wanna hear what they have to say alone.”
“No.  We’re free Cas.  All of us.  We all get a choice now that Chuck isn’t yanking us around and throwing us into dramatic situation after dramatic situation.  It’ll still be hard some days, and other days will be boring.  But I am
“I’m working on it.  I told you about how I reacted to Sam wanting to go to college at all in my dream… Dean never went.”  Mary chewed thoughtfully before pointing her fork at him, an idea sparkled in her eyes.
“Fuck.”  Cas cried, reaching for his leg.  Winding up the leg of his jeans revealed the most nasty weeping meatloaf John had ever seen.
“The Books are gone?”
“I think Sam covered all the ground there, Dean.  You’re here aren’t you?” Cas took another half step forward, still studying Dean but trying to be more subtle about it.  Dean’s arm dropped and he nodded.
“Ah yes, I’ve always thought of derelict farm buildings as places of passion.”  Cas said with such thick sarcasm Dean couldn’t help but throw his head back and laugh.  Cas was smiling at him too, eyes crinkling at the sides.  They were alright.  They were here, together and things would be fine.  Great even, maybe, hopefully?
“We survive, because they’ll be pissed at us if we don’t try.”  John told him.  Cas nodded, a few stray tears went down his face and he wiped them away trying to get it together.
Cas had even found it.
“God damnit John.  I shouldn’t be sitting on you, you’re as frail as your father after this year.”  John completely startled at that.  His eyes snapped to her face, even though the atmosphere was playful a moment ago she noticed the way he paled slightly.
“We’re a couple of saps.”  Dean said through a voice thick with tears, a wonderful mix of happy sadness.  “I lost my fucking foot and I’m sitting here crying because you’re in love with me.”  Cas chuckled wetly at that, reaching out to grab Dean’s neck just to touch him.
Dean says, still obviously confused but the slight relief at seeing his best friend is obvious in the set of his shoulders.
“Shaddup, Sasquatch.”
“Well go on then.  Stake your little
“Vengeful Spirits actually. Really nasty.”
“More than just two fangs.  And they don’t die with a stake to the heart.”  Mary cringed slightly at that.
What was once one solitary duck in the small blue basket, became a half dozen.  Dean hadn’t questioned it, had only noticed in passing and by the time he had left the bathroom had forgotten to ask.  Now there were about thirty, n o maybe forty ducks filling the container. They weren’t spilling out, but instead had been perfectly balanced in a chaotic neutral state to
“Was I not a part of this dream of yours?”  John sighed and looked away.
, he thinks to himself and then carefully gently tries to sit up but his entire world spins.  He tries desperately to keep his stomach calm and finally gets his hand around his blade.  Just in time too, cause Dean hears the telltale snapping and growling coming toward him again.
“Mom?”  Dean’s voice cracked as he looked at her.  He couldn’t believe it, he froze to the spot, something deep and heavy cracked off and broke free inside him just seeing her face.  She moved first, back into action to deflect another bozo then she whipped back to him and pulled him into her arms.
“Think we should spend the night here or get a move on?”  Dwight asked, but movement around the corner of the building caught his eye.
“Well… there is that bathroom scene in
“We were in the fort we had built.  Cas refused to call it a tree-house since we had built it for tactical advantages.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Two openings appear on opposite walls within the shot, doors sliding to reveal the dark outline of two men in each rectangle who stumble into the room and turn around to see the doors slide closed behind them.
“Better be a damn good reason you have, sir.”
ducks, man.  Classic.” Sam rolled his eyes so hard Dean thought they might get stuck.
plastic ducks coming from the drain.  Creeping out of the tub, and
“You and Sam knock differently.”  Dean purses his lips at that as if thinking it over momentarily, then he shakes it off, clearly remembering why he came in.
It was about a month after he had returned from the hospital that he felt totally himself again.  Aside from that first week where he was still a bit shaky, he was able to hit the gym right away.  He also returned to work, welcomed back by men he didn’t know to a shop that
“I disagree, you taste amazing.” Cas’s voice is all grumbly and husky, making Dean want to immediately resume their previous activities. Cas’s hand traces up the side of his face and into his damp hair lightly pulling on the strands.  “Forever is what I want.  Which, if that’s what you want, then we’re starting today. I suggest we hurry through this shower and get back to your room with that mattress you love so much.”
As you may or may not know, we have a couple actor crossovers (Mark Pellegrino, and Azazel's actor.)
“Werewolves?  Ghouls?  Shapeshifters?  Fairies?”
“So… did you just admit that Cas is the Jack to your Rose?” Charlie taunted him, as another red wave spread across Dean’s cheeks.
“Yes, but there was something else.”  Dean gestured for Cas to get on with it.  “Well with my new position as Hemlock, I couldn’t just be human.  Especially since I’ll be able to go between the worlds freely.  All of them.  So Jack made me immortal.  My only condition was that I be able to live a life here with you while also doing my job.  I asked Jack to go and find that human woman and ask her if she wanted to actually take up the post.  That way there will be two of us.  And if we ever get tired of the job, we can find and train replacements as long as Jack approves.  He was very clear that it had to be a choice.  He’s even giving the Angels a choice now.  He’s making new ones, obviously.  And more than just angels, but he’s letting them explore their options on what they’d like to help run.  Those with a history of crimes against humanity have been relocated.”  Cas finishes and Dean still doesn’t know quite how to feel.
“November 1st, 1983.”  He told her and she gasped, her free hand going to her mouth.  “To be honest, it’s hard for me to believe this is real, that… other place… it was my life and I think it might be similar to some of my memories here, but I don’t know.”  Mary nodded, her shock passing.
Then Sam shows him
and a choice to live now.  A press of smooth lips against soft chapped ones.  The pressure welcome and heart stuttering, just surrendering too it was more than anything Dean could have thought it might be.  Cas hummed and slid their lips more together, sucking on Dean’s bottom lip.  Dean felt light headed with it all, his knees felt distinctly unsupportive, and curiously his eyes burned.  He pulled back to breathe, the air shuddering in and out of his chest as he rested his forehead against Cas’s.
“Uhh dad, about that..”  It was then that a man with dark disheveled hair and bright blue eyes walked into his kitchen.  He wore a white button down with a dark blue tie that hung askew.
“What happens if you take it off too soon?”  Cassie asks.
“Right.”  Dean drawls out, then claps his hands and rubs them together. “Well, that’s settled then.”  He looks in Cas’ direction for a moment and sees him intently watching him like he always does, and rolls his eyes away, catching them on the empty plastic basket that had started the whole conversation.  Cas moves away to place the caramel and honey scented shampoo in the shower with the Oakwood conditioner and just as he finishes lining them up neatly Dean speaks. “So you’re just gonna leave it empty then?”  He brings one hand behind his head rubbing it awkwardly. Feeling stupid for assuming Cas would want to use the little handy toiletry basket like him and Sam did. He feels silly for buying an extra one. He just wants Cas to feel welcome.  To really understand that he meant it when he said he belongs here too.
Dean’s back hits the wall and he doesn’t try to speak as Cas gets even closer.
hoped Cas couldn’t tell was a sign of his nonsensical nerves.  Why
“Do you ever think-...”  Charlie spoke up, but cut herself off.
“A soul claim.” Dean says with a slight smirk, holding a strong stance.  The Empty sits up a little straighter in its goo throne, face becoming more passive but Dean thinks he sees fury in its eyes.
“Mary?”  He called, confused and wary.  John glanced at the heart monitor which was still flatlining.  Those eyes looked at him, a milky shade covering their once beautiful color and a snarl left her lips.  So… this was the other
“Come in, Dean.” The door creaks open and Dean ducks his head in to find his angel sketching away at the desk.
about that as well.  Damn Charlie for ever directing that at the two of them.  Sam was never gonna let him live it down.
“Well don’t just stand there like fish, come and hug your old man.”  He barked half heartedly.  Sam moved first, quickly around the couch and practically crashing into him.  He looked mostly the same, half man half boy but somehow lighter.  John knew exactly why too.  He hadn’t spent his entire life running from the things in the shadows. He’d just had the normal life he’d always been meant to.  With two loving parents who supported him.
“OH you’re running things now?!  You’re gonna tell us what we can and can’t do with our women?  Fuck you man!”  The idiot jumped him, and it wasn’t the attack that surprised him, it was how he went for his neck that threw him off balance and into the pile of barbwire.  It hurt like a bitch, made Negan grunt in pain but this wouldn’t fucking continue anymore.  Even as his skin split open as easily as you’d crush a tomato he sprung into action.  His bat sat against the wall behind him.  Both him and this disgusting fuck reached for it, but of course Negan got there first and swung it into his fucking skull.  He didn’t stop there though, he kept going, just how his skin had sliced and broke apart so did what little kept him from the pure rage inside him about this fucking world.  He noticed a few men of this other group started to approach him, weapons wielded.
“Now that’s fucked up.”  John told him, Castiel just shrugged.
“You’re flying again and…”  Cas paused, taking in Jack.  “You’re… powerful.”  He glanced back at Dean.  “You did it then?  Chuck is really gone?”  Dean got up, dusting off his jeans.
So of course it all made sense when his real mother appeared to him and told him the truth.  That his mother was a murder, that he had come from somewhere else.  That this whole existence was a lie and he was meant to belong somewhere else.
fall out.
“Yes, Dean.  You have, but I always love hearing it again.”  She dropped the wet rag on the coffee table and produced two more guns for Cas and Jess, and two more even for John and herself. “But you should probably start running.”  Mary said and cocked her gun, John marveled wondering when the
“Bet you cried.”  Charlie whispered teasingly.  Dean darted his eyes at her and scoffed at that, but he didn’t answer because he
“Well, it was fun while it lasted.”  He commented as they slipped out the door. It dinged behind them as they trotted to the Impala.  The laugh lines near their green and blue eyes respectively, daring to become permanent.
“Sounds good to me.”  Then they all go back to their respective electronic corners, peering at glowing screens until an hour later when Dean declares he’s ordering Chinese and putting on Die Hard because
“Heya!  Sounded like trouble, need a hand?”  Asked the blonde in a thick Minnesotan accent, Dean almost laughed from how silly it sounded in the middle of the fray.  Charlie did laugh.
”  Dean told them all, throwing a fake annoyed look at Cas which made the latter smirk.
So that was it.
“I’m never gonna get tired of giving you ‘heart eyes’ or compliments or just love in general.  I told you, it felt like 145 years without you.”  John hobbled away from her by placing hands on the counter, then turned to look at the space.  It was just a mud room but he still got that annoying sting coming to his eyes.  Mary turned her curious eyes on her husband.
“Hello?  Earth to Dean.  Where are you?”  Charlie nudged him with her elbow and Dean shook his head to clear it.
“Exactly.  Even the Rainbow Bridge.
“Don’t see yourself short, hun.  You’re, at the very least, cheese covered broccoli.”  He didn’t know how he managed to joke at that moment, but it was worth it when she laughed and hit him lightly on the arm.  She was right, she was always right.
“I didn’t know before, but now I do.”  Cas tells him, squeezing his hips tighter as one of Dean’s hands moves up to Cas’s neck.  Neither could tell who moved first, in that last moment was just the end of all
“I want to ask Dean to marry me.  And I don’t necessarily want your approval, as I find that an antiquated ritual.  But I wanted to let you know... and if you had any suggestions, that would be greatly appreciated.”  Mary’s hand flew to her mouth and stifled a small gasp.  John froze and stiffened slightly.
“Dean, you need to talk to Cas about this.”
“By the way he’s probably not gonna be too happy with the… attendance of the Duck coronation.”
“You saying you love him?”  Dean blushed fiercely at that.
“Well, I don’t know about that last one but the rest for sure.  There were some good ones too.  Psychics. Some witches weren’t horrible, though you could never really trust them.  Then there were various pagan gods, rugarus, djinn-”
Where before there was nothing, not even the blackness of dreams or closed eyes. Now there was.
They were both dead.  Sam and Castiel didn’t survive the flood.  Because if they had somehow survived, potentially as injured or worse off than he was, he had never searched for them.  If they had survived only to die because they were waiting for Dean to-.. He couldn’t let himself go down that train of thought, not without a bottle to drown away the side effects of misplaced hope.
“Thank you honey.  And it’s, uh.  Well, it’s wrapping around an artery right now so they can’t operate.  The hope is with the chemo treatments it will shrink down enough to be able to operate.  Then we can re-evaluate.”  Jess nodded, a confident smirk on her face.
The boys came, with their spouses and little Lucy.  Once they had all settled Mary told them what the doctors had told her.
“John?” Asked an uncertain yet strong voice.  John’s eyes flew open.  His vision filled with short curly blonde hair. A very worried face with an adorably pointed nose, rosy cheeks, dark eyelashes.  Pure beauty incarnate and the one person he’d missed more than anyone in these past 125 years.
“Dean Winchester you better not be about to jump over my coffee table too.”  Dean wilted slightly which made both parents laugh.  “Look at you two running around inside like this.”  Mary walked a few steps away to what appeared to be an ottoman, then she flipped it open and produced two moderate sized nerf guns which she tossed to her two boys.  “Take it outside.”  Dean had a thousand watt grin as he tossed her the rag.
“Friends in mighty low places, huh boys?”
, intact.  Now, normally angels can stake soul claims of protection on humans, then that human is theirs to protect.  But Cas, he has this issue, he
If you’ve never seen lost or at ALL want a refresher of what happens before this point chronologically please check out this playlist on YouTube.
“Just woke up from the longest nap of my life.  I feel fine honestly.”
he nervous? He watched Cas straighten his neck and shuffle his hands into his pockets.
“That when the other knight is captured we want all of our memories moving forward.  No matter what other rounds we have to play, even if we lose.” Dean seems very firm on this and Cas agrees it’s important, but he’s not sure their opponent will allow it
“Coy.  Where’s your wife, Erata was it?”  Cas narrows his eyes dangerously. Coy scoffs at them and rolls up his sleeves, revealing fully tattooed arms with intricate black line work and slate coloring to fill the gaps in varying shades.  It strikes Cas in such a familiar way, but he can’t quite figure out why.
* * *
The flash flood had happened that night, with Dean off who knows where and separated from their group.  What Dean didn’t know was how Cas had reacted that night after he left.  In those sparse hours before the flood had separated them for the next year.
“You know what?  I really like this guy.”  Scruffy holstered his gun.  “Where you people headed to next?”  Just like that John had successfully combined two groups and was surrounded by double the people.  Later that night, he was talking to Dwight off to the side of a fire where everyone sat.
“I’m counting on that.” She winks at him and with that Coy finally tears his gaze from her.  With a snap of his fingers the large television lights up. The TV shows a close up of a chess board lit from within, and an overhead light that is not visible. The shot cuts to further away to show a large dark room, with nothing but the chess board.  Erata smiles eagerly.
“Now I understand.  Why you’ve been looking at me like a man lost in the desert just found water.  I get it though. I thought I lost you.  This past year I didn’t have much hope, no one did.  There was a semi… it hit the broadside of the Impala with you and the boys inside.  You hit your head pretty hard but Dean had the worst injuries.  He and Sam were both in the hospital with you for a while and it was like my whole world just fell apart.  Sam managed to get on his feet the next day but Dean… He...He flatlined a few times.  It ripped me open, I don’t know how Sam managed to hold it together for both of us, but he did.  Dean eventually pulled through.  Sam and I just kept switching whose bedside we were at.  Then after about a month Dean was healed enough to go home. Sam and Dean’s friends took care of him so I didn’t have to choose who to worry about.  But you… were just a big sleeping pile of nothing.  They said you’d probably never wake up.”  John couldn’t take it anymore. Her eyes had started to water and nothing hurt more than seeing her like this.  He pulled her in close again. Kissed the top of her head, every inch of her face he could reach.  He felt her breathing even out and she slowly sat up again, but she grabbed his hands just to stay as close as possible.  “Tell me more about this monster hunting.”
“I would like that Dean.  But I want to spend some more time on the Amazon first.”
and not expect him to say it.  But Cas isn’t doing that.  He’s just standing there waiting for Dean, gazing at him with that imploring look.  His eyes almost seem to water with the way he looks at Dean, rippling like the view of the pool from a tall diving board.  All anticipation and potential and… fear.  “I know it’s sick and twisted, but I just know that if I climbed in that box and you guys dropped me in the ocean I wouldn’t be so afraid anymore.  I wouldn’t have to constantly worry about… all of you.”  Cas takes a hesitant step forward, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he tries to be a solidarity force.  He looks like he wanted to comfort Dean, but that wasn’t what Dean needs right now and Castiel knows this.  So as Cas’ mouth opened he cut him off for the second time in this conversation.  “I know that it’s a part of life, to worry about the people you… but it’s different with us.  Because we die.  Sam, Jack, and you.  We’ve all died again and again and there’s never a guarantee we’ll come back.  And I can’t, I-… You can’t-…”  His throat is closing, eyes watering but he is still looking at Cas and his wide blue gaze piercing though him.  His arm comes up and clamped down on Cas’ arm on his shoulder, making it slip so, essentially, they were holding each other’s biceps.  Dean squeezes hard.
“You will
“Oh shit, sorry.  I forget sometimes.  Umm, you used to be a youth coach.  Before the accident.  You coached a little bit of basketball and baseball, but you also helped with the ones who were on the edge of a shitty life.  If you want to try doing that again I’m sure the school would be glad to have you back.  It’s a few months off so you definitely have time to think about it.”  She watched his face for a moment but then just kept eating.  A month a whole month in this universe.  No signs of anything abnormal or deadly outside of what normal humans get up to… and here he was… finding out he’d been a damn youth coach.
“Mom, we can talk about that later.  You didn’t even really tell us exactly what dad remembers.  I know you said he has amnesia but… I just… Dad what do you remember exactly?”  Dean narrowed his eyes at John.  John wasn’t easily distracted. His son was trying to hide something from him and he’d figure it out soon enough.  Supposed memory loss or not.
“A year.”
“What did you leave her in the garage, son?”  Dean flushed bright red, avoiding his gaze and rubbing a hand along the back of his neck.
my choices as your wife.”  Mary told him firmly.  That drew John up short, because she was always right, she deserved his respect and his trust.  If she said she wanted to do this alone, he had to give that to her. Mary sighed and passed him his cellphone.  “Go call the boys, tell them to come visit me ‘cause I’m bored and they’re not gonna let me out anytime soon.”  John nodded and leaned in to kiss his wife.
“Don’t go telling me that boy’s married too.”  Mary laughed and shook her head.  The smile looked more real than the last.  How was it possible that she always got more beautiful the longer he looked at her?  “Uhh… no.  I can’t even guess at that one.”
“Boy be quiet, don’t interrupt your mother.”  John told him and his son’s lips pressed into a thin line, Mary reached over for his hand and he easily offered it to her, giving her a squeeze.
“Where do we start?”
“Sam has allowed me to keep only one duck.”  Then Cas turned and winked at him, which made Dean burst out into boisterous laughter once again.  In that moment he loved Cas.  But Cas especially loved Dean for how he laughed with abandon.  He mentally added that to a long list of other things.
(See the end of the chapter for
sitting next to his bedside, asleep.
“You want to incorporate
job?”  John laughed.
“Humans find felines endlessly entertaining, don’t they?”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re getting at buddy bu-”
“You could have been stuck there with me.”  Cas says quietly.
“You’re human now too, remember?”  Dean watches Cas flinch in remembrance.  As if every breath and echo of his heartbeat wasn’t reminder enough already.
He avoided people for a while, till he needed gas and he had a run in with the people whose tank he was siphoning.  He joined up with them for a while, till one night they were at their campfire and got swarmed.  Honestly, he should have expected it.  He snagged the leader’s bat as he went down with one of the undead and used that to get himself out and back to his truck.  It was a solid wood thing, really nice.  Somehow it reminded him of Mary and the little league baseball teams he coached since coming to this universe.  She loved the sport more than he did.  It was nice to think she was looking our for him, even though he had never believed in that shit.
“If we capture your Queen we want Charlie back.”  Cas announces and Dean nods.
human the rules were a little more bendy.
(Also, this work is completely without a beta.  Please let me know if you want to do that for me.  I apologize for any mistakes.)
He should have known though, it wasn’t PTSD, simply intuition.  He knew the other shoe as soon as it dropped, it was a crashing noise coming from upstairs in their bathroom.   He’d rushed upstairs and knocked on the door, when Mary hadn’t answered he’d begun to panic and carefully opened the door.  He saw blonde hair peeking out from around the corner of the door and a smudge of red on the counter.  He pushed carefully since she was blocking the door from where she’d collapsed.  He’d called her name, checked her pulse and was relieved to find she’d only passed out.  It was the blood that was concerning, after she didn’t wake up in a minute he dialed 911.  He rode with her in the ambulance on a sunny Saturday in April, she didn’t stir at all.
!”  He grabbed a few knives and stored them easily, next was his pistol and a shotgun just in case.  He grabbed a few boxes of ammo and out them in his pockets for good measure.  He raced back up stairs to his and Mary’s bedroom, but she was still just laying there peacefully, the heart monitor showed peaks but the beeps had been turned off when it was brought in.  He needed to call Dean.  He picked up on the second ring.
Suddenly someone with blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail jumped down into the fray from the blockade into the amusement park, she hacked and sliced with skill, and Dean watched amazed as more people hopped from the other side of the barrier.
“Worse.  And actually not too bad.”  He said, turning back to look at the ceiling.
“Did yours?”  Cas countered, the corners of his eyes crinkling with mirth.  Dean rolled his eyes and finally kissed him, because that was answer enough.
.  I know
“What did he do?”  Charlie asked softly and Dean scoffed.
“Well, actually…
“Did you break up with her already and brought a friend instead?”  John asked with a jovial smirk.  Dean sighed and straightened up his back, eyes glancing over to the other man who was only slightly shorter than his son.  Mary came up next to him putting a hand on his back which he leaned into.  Dean cleared his throat and met John’s eyes, it made the strangest feeling of dread pass through him.
“There were a lot of times where Cas would come in the house when he heard John yelling.  When I was young and even when I was teenager, Cas was always pulling me out of hell.  Saving me from bullshit at school too, I’d get into fights.  But he’d hear my dad going off so he’d come in the house and tell him off.  It always shocked the hell out of John.  This tiny, dark haired, blue eyed little thing telling him to shut up and stop scaring his son’s.  Then he would come and find us and he’d take us over to his house for the night.  His dad was an alcoholic too, but the pass out and distant kind.  Barely ever saw him really.”  Dean smiled thinking of one particular night.  “Sometimes we’d go over to his house and his dad was nowhere to be seen.  Cas said he was the heaviest sleeper, so we would put Sammy to bed and then we’d play pirates, or cowboys, or astronauts, or anything we could come up with.  But usually the first two, ‘cause they were my favorite.  And Cas knew I wouldn’t be able to sleep easily till I got dad’s episode off my mind.”
“You’re not
Heaven’s servant.  Heaven’s warrior.  Both meaning the same thing and yet two entirely different things.  One day, his mission, his place on Earth would be given to him.  Then he would truly know his place in the great plan.  The day he received his assignment it was… unexpected and rare.  Zacariah said he wasn’t ready, but Castiel
“Technically, he shouldn’t be mad.  It is only
“Yes, you will both be playing chess together, as a team, facing off against me.  But this is no ordinary game of chess. There is no point in ordinary. Your goal is to win both by capturing as many pieces of mine as possible and by placing me in check mate.  Each piece will gain you an advantage for the next stage of the game. But, player beware, for each piece of
If it wasn’t the bozos that got you, or the exposure, then it was certainly the loneliness.  Being in the North certainly made one of those things a bit easier for six to eight months out of the year, but it made one of the others a lot harder.  The last one was an expected constant after all the loss everyone had suffered.  Something about the extreme cold, the amounts of snow, it slowed the bozos down.  They froze in the deep cold, and got buried in the snow.  Even if you stumbled upon one, they never moved fast enough to be able to catch you off guard.  Sure they thawed in the summer, but there were whole roving bands of survivors that would pick off as many as possible during the winter.  It was smart.  It made sense why so many native northerners had survived this long.  Sure, the initial wave had been rough because the fresh ones still moved with moderate speed, but as the years wore on they seemed to be alright.
Later they walked back out the door from Death’s Library, which was being remade into Contemplation Gardens, Meeting Rooms for Reapers, and of course the Hemlock Offices.  Dean was so happy everything had worked out, but as time wore on he could only handle so many stolen glances between him and Cas.  Jack had dismissed them, assuring him that the Impala would be in its parking spot at the bunker, which is where they were when they walked out.  The door shut behind them, the key dropped out of the lock with a clatter.  Dean and Cas watched it, feeling the heavy implications of the moments following the decision to walk into Death’s Library when they had last both been in the Bunker.  Dean swallowed thickly as Cas stooped to pick it up.  It had changed.  Cas opened his palm and they both looked down at the simple silver skeleton key.  Instead of ornate, it simply was.  Heavy and strong, they could feel it’s importance, but it didn’t feel like doom.  It felt like a new beginning.
as a child.  Garth was good at getting people to laugh at his own expense.
“The fuck does that mean?”  John asked, glaring at his eldest son, he watched Dean swallow as he stared at the floor.  Watched him straighten up just slightly to meet his eyes for a moment before looking off out the window.
?”  John didn’t hear the other man’s response; he just turned back to Mary and rubbed his temples.
“Hello Dean.”  Cas says in his gravelly voice which absolutely does not make Dean Wincheser melt a bit.  Nope, absolutely no weird feelings happening at all.  Just the same feelings he’s always had and always ignored because he never thought Cas could… that Cas would be able-, “Which should we do first?  Decompress?  Shower?  Or Sleep?”  Cas asks in a hushed tone that brokers absolutely no argument about the intention of those last two words.  Dean swallows thickly feeling a familiar heat creeping up his spine, especially with Cas looking at him in
it to work.  Rowena had called it
“Who’s here?  Dean?  Sam?”  He called hopefully.  It was neither, just as he rounded into the kitchen Castiel stepped out of the mudroom.  His shirt was torn in multiple places, his eyes red rimmed and he was shaking.  “Cas?  Where’s Dean?”
More wind rattled the wooden planks of the sad excuse for a barn surrounding him.  The walls were grey with age, the roof was gone in most places, there were barely any walls.  The planks that did survive had faint patterns of weathered black lines.  Maybe even spray paint at one time.  Behind him, where there should have been a door, there was a portal to hell, Rowena had opened it and walked back through to her side.  Over and over she’d emphasized how he had to do this
“You’re not fighting with me.”  Dean smirks slightly at that, pointing out the obvious is so very
“Sorry, traffic was crazy.  Everyone’s trying to head out of town or something.”  She quickly ran through Mary’s vitals.
“I remember you had that one plus a few others when I met you.”  Cassie said as she nodded.  “Why those colors?”  She asked and Dean sighed, remembering the series of events that led up to this specific bracelet.
“You’re not just saying that for me, are you?  Cause I would be okay if I knew you found someone… if you could love again.”  John just shook his head and tilted her chin up slightly so he could meet her eyes.
“You seem to be very alert.  You know who you are?  Where you are?”  The Doctor questioned further at which point Mary jumped in.
Sam?”
“Sure as shit I’m important, ya princess.  What exactly were you doing in this dream?”  Bobby asked as he leaned to sit on the corner of what John assumed was his desk, so John did the same on the opposite one.
“No, you’re not dying. Shut up.” Cas tells him which apparently means he’s saying his thoughts out loud.  Cas looks to the side away from Dean and Dean’s trying to hold him in place.  Looking at Cas helps him block out the pain.  The relief of them being alive is enough to stave the strong throbbing, but he’s starting to drown in the sensation of utter numbness as his life drains out and the poison bite of the bozo seeps into his leg.  “Sam,” Cas addresses his brother, all steel voice and hard edged determination that Dean has heard thousands of times in his life.  “Hold him down.”  Cas rips off a huge chunk of his shirt, twists it and shoves it in Dean’s mouth.  Fleetingly Cas strokes his cheek and meets his eyes one more time.  “You’re not allowed to die.”  He grounds out through his teeth and Dean just nods weakly, cause he’d do anything for Cas.
duck.  He said I was allowed that.”  Cas stated this so matter of factly that Dean burst out into more barely contained chuckles and after a moment Cas joined him.  Dean turned to look at him with adoring eyes still crinkled with mirth. He was pretty sure he had never been happier.
The angels (try as they might) couldn’t undo what Gadreel had done.  So they needed to take a different approach for protection.  Whereas Gadreel was previously an outside observer, Castiel would be placed directly on the inside.
“Son of a bitch.”  Dean cursed.  The operation was going sideways quick, and everyone was getting tired.  If they had to retreat and while fighting their way out it might be the end of all of them.
“No, no.  I don’t want that.”  Dean winced and John felt more tears come to his eyes, he wasn’t even sure how he still had any left.  Dean turned to Cas.  “Give us a moment, Dad.”  John nodded and the door upstairs shook a little harder than before.  He pulled the knife from his boot and left it on the table.
I was angry.  Sometimes I was furious but for the most part… nothing.  It took me a long time to realize why.”  He swung the bat off his shoulder, holding it out in front of him the long way, his gaze going over the new most deadly addition.
“It’s still not an easy thing to get used to.”  Mary nodded and leaned up to kiss him.  It was sweet and soft, almost too perfect.
” Someone yells, and the white noise drops out completely with their words.  Dean looks up from where he’s crouching with one knee pressed into the ground to see…
“Yes Dean I ‘capiche’.”  Cas even used the finger quotes, then looked to Dean’s eyes and tilted his head.  “But would it not be simpler to put my shower things over here,” Cas indicated toward the corner or the shower where there was a little shelf, “And my toothbrush here?” Then he indicates the little toothbrush stand where both Dean and Sam’s toothbrush hang.  Dean rolls his eyes and nods.
found funny.
“Aren’t you that guy from the-”  Dean starts but Cas cuts him off.
“What happened the other half?”  Billie spoke up from her corner, her look full of meaning that crowded Dean’s throat.  Nausea crept up on him, he clasped his hands together appearing to rub them for warmth but actually to shake off the full body feeling of loss.  Garth shot a nasty look at Billie that Dean would have missed, except he knew these people too well, and they knew him.  Garth had noticed his abrupt change in demeanor, it didn't matter if his face didn’t show it because some part of him did.
“That sounds… educational, Dean.”
“You’re the only reminder I didn’t slip back into the universe of monsters with all this insanity.”  He said as he plopped down next to her again, she jiggled slightly from the motion.  He looked at her face, so pale and still so beautiful, he placed a careful hand on her cheek.
“Yeah, I gathered.”  Cas said in a breathy voice that had Dean feeling even more types of ways.
He hoped they knew how proud of them he was too.
“Yeah, for you to stop calling me so early.”  Bobby chuckled.
“Yeah, doubt it.  The man slept for a year, I doubt he’ll sleep again for at least a few nights.”  Well he wasn’t wrong, John thought to himself.
“Ooooohh.  Your mom was a badass.”  Charlie said in awe.  Dean nodded.
beliefs into the afterlife?  All versions of paradise.  All religions.”  Jack turns to Cas with a smile and nods.
for some boring.”  Dean tells him with a smile that Cas returns after a few moments.  “Now Mr. Director-Of-Lost-Souls, your original troublesome case would like some long overdue attention.”  Dean waggles his eyebrows and Cas rolls his eyes with a fond smile.
. Now Cas is thoroughly intrigued which the brothers find slightly puzzling.
“That reminds me, Dean wants to bring someone over for dinner on Sunday.”
Other things were hard.  Surviving in a world full of the dead.  Rebuilding society.  Forging new bonds and friendships.  The growing pains of a new relationship.  Losing people, as much as they tried to avoid it.
* * *
“Not your worst either.  I’d let jealousy get the worst of me.”  Cas admitted.
“Uhh.. Wha-… What did you wanna talk about?”  He raised his hand to the back of his head, scratching lightly in a way he
“I can’t lose you either.  Please.”  They’re breathing in each other’s air, Dean let’s his forehead fall to Cas’ as his eyes fall shut focusing on drowning out Micheal.  He nods, moving Cas’ head with his.
In June her hair started to fall out rapidly, so she shaved it one night with his electric shaver.  Castiel got her a collection of knitted hats all with different designs, and she wore them proudly when she was cold.  Otherwise she sported her bald head proudly.  She wouldn’t be shamed just because she didn’t meet beauty standards.
“I told you mom. No kids until afterI finish law school and pass the Bar.  I would be a shit dad if I was studying all the time.”  Mary pouted at that.  “It’s only two more years and then we’ll let you know.”  John watched with interest, completely lost and yet completely happy.
“Cas, I-”  But another step makes Dean take one back.
“Yes, I do.”  That was the last thing John heard as he ascended the stairs.  Up here the rattling was louder, not stronger though just persistent.  John squeezed his eyes shut, rolled his shoulders back.  Dropping back into his hunter instincts was easy, like a well worn boot that gave him blisters but served him well.  He tried to turn it off, the connection between his brain and his heart.  It wouldn’t help him now.  His sons were dead and dying, his wife was dead too.  But he still had people, he still had family.  He needed to find them and protect them, because it’s what was right and because he needed them.
.  You’re
He choked and collapsed into her chest, felt the painful sobs wrack through him.   Thinking was impossible, breathing wasn’t happening.  No man should have to live through this twice and yet he had.
“The boys should be here shortly, I told them to give you time to settle before they bombarded you.”  Mary told him as she hugged him around his waist by the side, his arm settled on her shoulders and then he braced himself on the wall with his other arm.  “Dean wanted to stay and help, but I told him I could handle it.  I did marry you after all.”  John guffawed at that.
“You gave him a bracelet like he did for you didn’t you?  A pink, purple, and blue one?”  Charlie asked excitedly.
planet?”
that it makes Dean’s heart squeeze in his chest with just how much he missed him.
for fuck’s sake.”  He paced away from John, kicking up leaves in his frustration as he got louder.  John didn’t know how to argue with him, his own world hadn’t gone to shit quite like this and it would be so easy to give into that voice telling him to give up.  He felt cowardly for even thinking it, or maybe he was more cowardly for not being able to do it.  “I’m gonna go get something from the impala, I think he’d like it.”  Cas shuffled around the corner of the house back towards the front since they’d boarded up the back door.  A deep sigh left John and he shoved his hands in his pockets,
“Do you know what to do?”  John asked his son-in-law, who nodded weakly.  Cas’ gaze went to Dean’s face.  The hand holding the knife delicately used a knuckle to trace the contours of his face.  Cas didn’t say anything, just pressed a kiss to his Dean’s temple and lined up the knife at the back of his skull at a slanted angle.  Cas put his cheek against Dean’s hair and pressed the knife up so swiftly John didn’t even blink before it was done.  In the space of a few hours his whole life had folded in on him again, but this time it was worse.  John felt the tears on his cheeks slow, Cas was still holding Dean even as his body slowly slumped away from him.  “Let me put him upstairs with his mother.”  John said and stepped forward, Cas nodded but couldn’t let go.  John carefully unpeeled the boys fingers and scooped his son up in his arms.  Cas couldn’t look anymore, he buried his face in the couch as John took Dean up the stairs and lay him next to his mother.  This was something he hadn’t done in what felt like eons, he wanted to pretend, to remember those moments instead.  The times where his song fell asleep downstairs and he had to carry him to bed.  The times where he crawled into bed with his mother and father.  Not this, anything but this.
So of course, it wasn’t even that much of a surprise when Charlie knocked on his bedroom door and shortly after shutting it asked:
annoyed.  Dean stands up to face her.
“You’ve been givin’ me heart eyes ever since you woke up, I keep wondering if it’s gonna wear off.”  Mary said wistfully as she pressed the button to close the garage door and opened the door into the house.
I know I haven't posted on this chapter in forever, but my goal is to have it completely finished and posted before the bidding closes on this round of FicFacers!!!!! If you want more information on that go to ficfacers.com
“What are they anyway, some kind of… Eaters?”  John blinked at that, he’d thought it was obvious.
“I had the same thought a few weeks ago.  How much we have to be therapists for each other and not a single one of us with any degree in psychology.”  Dean told her and sat his head up slightly for another sip.
“If this is my role to play, then I accept all the consequences.”  That same sad smile comes over Anael’s face.
“We still watching Titanic tonight?  Cas has been bugging me ever since I mentioned the whole ‘steamed car sex’ thing.”  Dean’s cheeks immediately went crimson at the reminder. Cas had been bugging
“I thought he said he was gonna knock it off.”  Dean’s giggles petered down enough to get out a few words.
“This life… it’s all very… slow.  I can’t just ‘zap’ myself clean. Showering takes five minutes if you hurry, but half an hour if you want to enjoy it.  You get hungry and it takes time to cook the food, let alone eat it. You need to relieve yourself and that also takes time.  Sleeping is supposed to take up one third of your day.” He pauses again, then looks right at Dean once more. “Time has never moved slower for me.  I can feel every moment. So to find something that can bring even a small modicum of that… instantaneous world back into my life, I welcome it.” His lips turn up slightly at the corner, as if he is content with all he has said.  Dean smiles at him.
Sam had been so distinct and giant that Dean didn’t often mistake bozos for his brother.  Few people were as tall as him.  But Cas… that was much harder.
Sam opened the door a moment later, surprising them both but neither bothered to untangle themself from the other.  Sam’s anger deflated at the sight of them, sizzling down to a mild annoyance.
“Then we bury them and move on.”  John told him, they went up the stairs hating every moment.  He blocked out most sensory things.  He showed Cas how to wrap Dean while he wrapped Mary, after everything in the past 24 hours they weren’t crying, they’d moved on to a stage worse than that: numbness.  Two widowers walked down the stairs with bundles in their arms and went through the garage to the back door.  Everything was quiet and still, but the crunching of their feet through the leaves was deafening.  They laid them under a tree and John got shovels for both of them.  In under an hour they had dug sufficient holes and placed the bundles in them for a final goodbye.
“Dean, we’re gonna get you in the house.  You still okay?”  Cas asked, hands checking for other injuries besides the meat missing from his neck.  Dean nodded weakly.
“Oh, Cas.”  Dean says, his gaze coming back up to those cerulean eyes.  He’s scared of every nightmare turned reality where they leak the blinding white of an angel in death.  “I can’t lose you again.”  Then there’s Micheal’s pounding striking up a deafening beat again.  As if he’s trying to hammer in Dean’s insecurities with each attempt to breakout.  Cas watches the pain in his eyes and leans into his space, digging his heels in, not wanting to give in just yet.
“Bitch.”  Sam says before grumpily sitting at the table.
“Yeah man, makes it easy sometimes.” Sam nods and shrugs, Cas’ eyes are still glued to the screen.
“I’m afraid Cas.  Not just of the box.  Or of Micheal knocking. Or of… of… anything like that.”  Dean meets Cas’ eyes, unable to say the words, willing Cas to just
“Why are you two
“Do you remember his wife’s name?”  That floored John.  He felt his eyes bulge and Mary quickly caught onto his reaction, frowning slightly.  “It’s okay, don’t worry.  What about Dean’s job?”
“It’s just… on the phone you said we needed to talk.  But it was after we had said we would talk about that,” Here he gestures toward the trailer hitch with the ominous black box. “So I just thought it was about something else.  Clearly I was wrong though so no worries, let’s just-”
“They both loved you, so much.  You did good by them, even if you only remember these last three years, you did good.”  John didn’t respond to that, he couldn’t think about his sons then, or speak about them.  He had to stay strong for what came next.
“Djinn as in Genies?  What was bad about them?”
“Wherever we are, let us out or I swear to god I’m-”  Dean threatens before he’s interrupted with a sharp look from Coy.
“That’s because Jess can hold her own-”
“Bout a day and a half.”
“How did you know it was me?” Confusion colors his green eyes which makes Cas smile slightly.
“Hey, you have no right to judge my methods of learning!  I’m the smartest person you know.”  Charlie bantered back.
Once again this story is without a beta.  Here's today's nugget... we'll see how many days in a row I can go!
And there he stood.  The Empty was gone.  In its place stood one of the most welcome sights.  Wild dark hair, blue eyes, stupid trenchcoat.
century.”
Hell was every bit as bad as the baddest of the demon’s had made it out to be.  With the creepy and disgusting Alastair as his torturer, John managed to withstand everything.  He had made a promise coming down here.  He wouldn’t submit.  Any plans they had for him or his boys, he was bound and determined to fuck them up.  Nearly a hundred years into his punishment was when the whispers really started.  A gate was opening.  Demons would be able to get out and extend their evil across the skin of the earth.  He knew as sure as whiskey, his boys would be up there trying to stop it.  He’d be even more damned if they did it alone.  So he escaped.  The infamous John Winchester, tearing through the demon scourge, fighting his way to the gate opening.  When those doors burst open he got out there.  Saw Ellen, Bobby, and his boys trying to close the doors. Saw the yellow eyed bastard that had started it all.  He’d grappled the creature right out of its meatsuit.  Distracted it long enough for Dean to grab the colt and deliver the killing blow.
Sam walks closer to the two, joining the conversation now. “What do you mean, Jack?”
But he doesn't remember his last encounter with the angel. It's gone. The last moment he sees is him and Castiel running from Billie, standing in the dungeon about to die. Then telling Sam and Jack, Castiel saved him. That Cas is gone.
“One soul stays on this plane, while the other uses this to enter the Empty. It gives off a supernatural aura and protects you from the Empty. Without a tether, the one who crosses the barrier dies. Humans do not belong there. That is why angel grace or reaper’s blood is required to access the Empty."
Dean walks forward and picks up the photo of Castiel. The few droplets of the warlock's blood have ruined the picture, but Dean takes it anyway. It's Cas.
“Dean?”
Dean’s phone rings. He pulls it out of his pocket and the caller reads, “Sam.” He doesn’t want to deal with his brother’s concern or speech about self-destruction, so he declines the call. A notification for a voicemail pops up.
“Help? That’s hilarious.”
Several families are participating in the pie fest. Some are gearing up to find out who can eat the most pie, who makes the best pumpkin pie, and some are just making whip cream pies and pieing each other. Sam observes those around him with a small smile. A life he desperately wants someday but knows he can't have.
"I'm still not sure about the code word," Eileen signs with a grimace.
“Shut the fuck up. Why won’t Rowena answer my calls? Why won’t she see me?” His questions increase in volume with intensity. “Huh?”
A winding road takes him through a sea of everwood trees. It’s a scene straight from a teen horror movie. The road widens to a cul-de-sac. A dead tree is planted in the middle surrounded by dying brush. This is the correct address but no buildings. No houses. It's an open field of trees. Dean parks his car to the side. A few skimpy cars are scattered around, and some people are gathered around by the dead tree.  They appear dead, or passed out.
“And if he doesn’t?” Sam asks.
She huffs. “I pictured some little kid.”
Dean cuts himself on a few lone pieces of glass, but it's nothing he can't handle. In fact, for a brief moment, the pain gives him something to focus on. He mindlessly watches the crimson slowly drain down the sink as he holds his palm under the running water. He wonders what it feels like to float down the water, through the pipes, through the darkness, into nothing.
Lucian straightens his posture. "I told you. I offer one in a lifetime experience. That was it. Conjuring isn't some abracadabra spell."
Dean’s phone vibrates against his leg. The music drowns out his ring tone. The caller ID reads “Sam” again. He declines the call. A part of him feels bad, dodging Sam like this but he wants to be alone right now. This whiskey is warm and numbing but his mind is clear. The fuzziness has not consumed him yet. He needs something stronger. He can continue drinking whiskey, but he needs at least a full bottle.
"Yes. Michael's grace will successfully open the portal to the Empty and with Claire's connection to Castiel you will be able to pass through."
“Don’t!” Jack shouts. The touch sends electrical shocks through both girls, causing Kaia to withdraw her hands and Claire recoil in pain. The stream of light flickers viciously, and disappears.
"So when you said our sorta thing you meant pie?"
“Take me. Take me instead. Please man, I have tried everything. If you can trade me and Castiel-”
The contents of the bowl mix and form a liquid, swirling inside. Dean leans over and sees a neon blue liquid. Lucian pours it inside the empty jar and hands it to Dean.
“How did you know that would stop her? It? Whatever.”
******
Claire is buzzing with anticipation to hear what the hell Dean and Sam's conversation meant. It obviously has something to do with Castiel. No matter how much she pushed him to explain, Dean wouldn’t say anything.
“Dean, I don’t know. When Cas tried to extract Gadreel’s grace, it almost killed me.”
“Dammit, Cas! I am the real Dean!
“Why do you sound so chipper? What did you do?"
Dean begins praying. He doesn't know why but he doesn't know what else to do.
She slides his second glass of whiskey across the counter and eyes him. He has dark circles under his eyes, a pretty thick five o’clock shadow, and he's staring at his left hand. “So, why are you here by yourself? Where’s your lucky lady?” She inquires.
“Oh my god! What’s happening!” Kaia cries.
Castiel helps Dean up and gives him a look. “I’m not sure what happened. I blacked out for a moment.”
” It mentioned a plethora of lore regarding reapers, but Sam was focusing on the chapter dedicated to the mystical physiology aspects. The passage described ways on how to obtain reaper’s blood while in the Veil, including magic. Sam safely assumed that astral projection is second to magic, and if a psychic was able to land them in the Veil, then so could a witch.
Dean ponders Sam's offer for a moment. "What about the people that will die, if we don't save them?"
Dean swerves out of the parking lot onto the asphalt. The moon hangs high in the night sky; it’s a small crescent, a few small grey clouds shielding it.
Dean speed dials Sam's number to check in. Knowing his brother, Sam is probably calling all hospitals, morgues and county jails within a fifty mile radius.
“Do something!” Kaia directs at Jack. He frowns, unresponsive.
“I know. We’ll figure something out though.”
For a brief moment, all the anger and pain dissipates from Castiel’s eyes and Dean thinks it’s a miracle. “Close it.”
Dean chews the inside of his cheek, unsure for a moment until he remembers Claire has been possessed by an angel. Castiel, in fact. “My guess, angel grace,” he takes a swig from the glass of whiskey Alex pours him. “It’s a miracle she even had some left.”
"Okay. Let's bring Cas home."
“Lucky lad?” She implies.
Dean searches his memories, thinking of anything significant he can live without. Nothing sticks out. He can't part with any memory of Castiel, especially when that is all he has left of him. And he can’t fight his way out of here. His gun is back in the trunk of the Impala, and he hardly knows which way is up or down.
The house is warm and inviting, with a hint of cinnamon as Dean ventures into the living room. Exhaustion is creeping upon him with the weight of his limbs growing heavier. Alex is in the kitchen, finishing up dinner. Jody had called ahead of time and nicely asked her to whip up something to eat. The strong scent of garlic and marinara cause Dean's stomach to immediately growl with intensity.
"But, Dean-"
“Eileen told me your stupid, dumbass plan. Get some sketchy witch to do the dirty work? We don’t trust witches!”
Lucian leans against his desk, holding onto the side. His shoulders slightly raise from the movement.
Cas. I don’t know what happened to you here, but what I do know is, we're real. I know that I can’t lose you again. That night was one of the worst nights of my life, Cas. Ever since then, I’ve thought about what I want to say - what I should have said.”
“What are you talking about, Cas?” He shakes his head, brow creased.
He all but trips, racing up the steps with Eileen in tow. The anxiety and concern emitting from Dean is tangible. She tries to muster an explanation out of him, but Dean stays focused on the isolated asphalt.
"Well good morning to you too," Sam replies a bit offended. He's flipping bacon as Dean yanks the tongs out of his grip. "What- I am making breakfast. Can I not make breakfast?"
“Dial tone, huh?”
“Think of it as a key to a lock. It opens up the door to the Empty,” Eileen offers.
Dean huffs in response. He knows damn good and well Jack is staying out of everyone's business. There isn't any possibility Jack is interfering. "I doubt it."
“We tried, but it’s like no one is listening.”
Blood profusely drips from Claire’s nose as she continues to cough. Despite the power from the spell, Claire’s legs give out and she falls to the floor. Kaia drops to her side. The image of her is all too familiar and Kaia begins to panic. Not thinking, she reaches down and grasps Claire’s face.
Dean's heart stops. Two words are all he needs to hear. For a moment, Dean forgets to breathe. He turns around and sees Castiel. His Cas. Dean takes a step forward as Castiel's silhouette becomes clearer. He is wearing his regular trench coat, suit and tie. His hair is a bit messy. But something is off with his demeanor. Almost cartoonish. Dean doesn't care though. He swiftly walks the ten feet to Castiel, closing the distance.
"Her?" Dean asks incredulously.
“I can’t-”
She sighs, glancing past Dean at the library where Sam stood merely thirty minutes ago. He  was reading from a book titled, “
The stream of light suddenly sparks, dimming and brightening. Claire jolts with the movement, and a drop of blood falls from her nose. Her face is twisted with pain, but she remains unconscious. Kaia straightens in response and reaches toward her.
Dean approaches Sam with a big box and almost runs into some bystander. "Hey, watch it."
A moment passes. Jody downs the rest of her glass of wine and pours another one. The ceiling fan slowly spins in the neighboring room, breaking the thick silence with its wooden creaks. Claire pushes her half-touched dinner away, and crosses her arms on the table. Kaia sips down the remainder of her water and rubs Claire's upper back in slow circular motions. Kaia can feel Claire's muscles tense under her touch and slowly relax. Despite how long they've shared each other's touch, Claire still is adjusting to the vulnerability.
“You’ve been rejecting all these women all night. You’ve gotta be tied down to someone. There ain’t no other explanation.”
"Jack, there's gotta be another way," Sam begs.
Claire shakes her head. “I thought we had it handled. I didn’t know it was a nest.”
This whole situation seems off. He watches her, puzzled. Dean takes the napkin and reads the address. He recognizes the street but he’s never been around that area personally. “What did you mean by the police don’t believe in this stuff? Cops bust drug deals all the time.”
Dean's heart aches with anguish. Knowing the risk of the spell, realizing it's over, he wipes a hand across his mouth. “We’re not doing that."
“We tried to contact Rowena again,” she eyes the wooden bowl on the table.
Lucian takes notice of the silence, and how long it takes Dean to answer. “Something like that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam and Eileen listen as Jack describes the correct order of ingredients and the incantation for the spell. Holy oil is one of the many ingredients they're missing. Sam raises his eyebrows, "That must have been one of the things lost in translation." He looks at Eileen.
The dial beeps. Dean hesitates again but says quietly, "Hey it's me. Just wanted to hear your voice. The way you left- it's got me pretty messed up, man. I have to admit I never thought an angel was capable of emotions. You once told me I'm different. Well so are you. So I suppose my assumptions just make me an ass, huh?" He chuckles. "I'm sorry, Cas. I need you to know that. I need you to know th-that," he trails off. "Me too, Cas. I just need you to hear me, man." Dean pauses and rubs his brow with his index finger. "This is so stupid." He hangs up, and with a clench of his jaw, he pulls back onto the road.
Sighing, Sam places the glass in the sink and walks back to his room. His feet make a pit-pat noise, approaching the hallway. Dean's door is cracked open slightly with faint light seeping through. Sam turns toward the door and peers in. His face softens, taking in the scene. Dean is cuddling a pillow adorned with a worn, rough, blue pillow case. The light emits from a lone lamp on his desk. Some type of paper for a mechanic position sits atop a few books from the library. Sam eyes the paperwork, puzzled.
“I don't know when things began to change between us, but they did and it scared me. Every time we would get close, I felt myself pull away just enough to shield myself. Then, after losing you to Lucifer, my anger, and then the Empty I realized how much of a coward I was. I may have changed you, Cas, but you changed me too.” Dean pauses and exhales. "Our whole relationship, you sacrificed everything for me. Never asked for anything in return. You gave up everything for me and I took that for granted. I’m sorry. You didn’t deserve what I put on you. You deserve to be loved too.” Castiel’s eyes search Dean’s face.
Kaia’s gaze follows Alex's movements as she reaches for the whiskey above the refrigerator. “The blue light that came from Claire, what was it? She was dead and then she wasn’t.” Kaia looks at Dean.
Dean smiles, that tired, sad smile. "No, Sammy. You and I both know as long as I'm alive you will always be in this life." He looks at Eileen. "You two will never have a chance at a happy, normal life with me around. Besides, hunting is what I do. There is nothing else for me. Not anymore.”
Dean gets rid of the dead body, gathers the small metal box, and drives again. He drives for an hour until he comes across a small bar that resembles The Roadhouse. Dean softly smiles. The Impala driver door groans as Dean closes it.
“What if something goes wrong?”
“If you’re gonna kill me, then just do it already.” He retorts.
“Sorry? You’re sorry?! You can’t say that and think everything will be fine. You did this to me, Dean! You ruined everything and you think sorry will make it okay?” He yells incredulously.
“Claire, no,” Jody states. “If Dean says it’s dangerous, then no. You’ve already gotten yourself killed.”
He eyes Lucian as the warlock rounds the desk and takes a seat in the red chair.
Dean turns around, his brow creased. “What?”
“Yea. They had this long ass meeting. Some demons are saying they came to an ‘understanding.’” The demon emphasizes with air quotes. He smooths out his jacket again and eyes Dean.
“The Ma'lak box. It would have held Michael. It can do the same for me.”
“Thanks, but I’ll just crash on the couch.”
“Right. That’s the weakest excuse in the book, Dean.”
“Uh, no.”
Jody furrows her brow at Claire, disappointed and upset. “This is the first time I’m hearing this.” Claire avoids Jody’s eyes.
Dean squints at the warlock until comprehension falls on his face. "You want my memories?"
“I’m trying to save Cas. I’m trying to save you from yourself!” Sam retorts.
******
“Don’t touch her! If you disrupt the connection, we’ll lose Dean forever,” Jack says.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, and a lone, hot tear threatens to fall. He wipes a hand down his face, and sniffs.
“What do you mean, Kaia?” Jody leans forward.
In the bunker, Claire remains frozen in place with the stream of light pulsating from her chest. Kaia stalks up by her side and searches her face. “Is she okay?”
“Fine. But you’re only here for backup.”
(See the end of the chapter for
******
"Effects?"
“Dean-”
"I'll call some hunters and give them a heads up on what to look out for when they go there. It'll be taken care of," Sam reassures.
. That’s the same title of the article he was reading hours ago.
“Yea, it appears so,” Dean confirms.
The song overhead changes from “Renegade” by Styx to “I Want to Know What Love Is” by Foreigner. Around the edges of the room, couples slow dance to the song.
After a moment, he breathes in and waves goodbye.
Slowly, Sam regains his thoughts and tells Eileen he's okay. Dean rushes by Sam's side by this point after hearing the loud thud from his fall. Dean places his hand on Sam's shoulder, in concern.
“Amara. She’s shown me how to balance family and the new me.”
"Hey, Sam. You okay?"
Dean's eyes slowly open. This is a recurring nightmare he's had since Castiel sacrificed himself.
He begins to walk toward the staircase when the closed wooden doors open. A couple, man and woman, hold onto one another as they exit the front door. Dean turns to face the room and his gaze falls upon a dark headed man with classy fashion. His attire runs similar to something Crowley would wear, Dean thinks. The only difference is his hair falls short of his shoulders.
Dean clears his throat. “Okay. Alright. I know this is all witchcraft bullshit. So what is this, huh? You some hocus pocus Pablo Escobar? People get high on your spells and you get what? Money?”
“Right," the warlock smirks. He carefully places the book back on the shelf and turns back to Dean. "Well, there are a few things to help you see him again. I can offer to place you under a hallucination spell, but those can be tricky. There's also an herb tea that could possibly lead you to him. Think of it as a vision walk, though, they're based solely on the subconscious and unpredictable."
“You should have called. You could have died.”
Dean sighs, pulling on his jacket. “We’re getting nowhere. I feel claustrophobic and cooped up in this damn place. I haven’t left in two weeks. I need to stretch my legs. Get some air. I promise I’ll be back before curfew, Mom,” he adds, rolling his eyes.
Dean's head feels heavy, his vision is spinning, and all he can focus on is seeing Castiel. "Why do I feel like this?" He places a hand on his forehead, smothering the incoming headache. This is worse than a hangover.
"Kaia," Claire shoots her a look.
Dean goes to call after her but stops. Every instinct tells him to go get Sam. Come back with help. But he has to know what is going on here.
Sam, shocked, almost doesn’t recognize the Impala. “Dean?”
Dean moves his lips to speak. His mouth is dry. "Cas!" His voice cracks. "Cas!" Dean looks left to right and is met with darkness everywhere. "Castiel!"
“Cute.” The Shadow smirks. She steps around Dean, eyeing him up and down. “How are you here? You’re human.” The streaming light, flowing behind Dean blinks and piques the Shadow’s curiosity. “What’s that?” Dean steps back, trying to protect the connection somehow. “Is that how you’re doing it? Tsk. Tsk. I don’t appreciate cheaters.” She says before reeling back and slamming her fist into Dean.
The makeshift compass stops and points eastward. Dean shrugs and treks along an unmarked path. The Empty is just that empty. There is absolutely nothing aside from the occasional high-pitched noises. Dean feels a warmth on his right ear, touching the skin, he notices blood dripping down.
“What are you talking about?”
Dumbfounded by Castiel’s confession but the words accompanying it leave him unfazed. It’s nothing he hasn’t said in the mirror. “Cas, wait - wait.” A fist pauses inches before Dean’s face. “I’m sorry. You don’t deserve to lose yourself to the Mark. You shouldn’t have taken it on. It should have been me. And you’re right about me. Everything I’ve ever done has turned to shit.” Castiel steps back, letting go of Dean.
"What is this place?”
“Coming right up,” she taps the counter and winks at Dean. He knows she is just flirting for a nice tip, but the gesture seems nice. After a few moments, the bartender comes around with a short glass full of dark, honey like colored liquid and slides it in front of Dean.
Dean glances to Jody, dismissing her. “Look, it’s not like that. I was trying to protect you.”
Confusion crosses his face. “It’s like four in the morning. Why the hell are you eating at four in the morning?” She looks away. “Eileen,” he moves so she has to look at him. “Eileen, where’s my brother?”
The girl turns around, looking straight through him. Her hair is completely disheveled, pupils blown, and her clothes are wrinkled. “Sorry, mister. I didn’t see you. I’m seeing a lot, actually, but I didn’t see you,” she says with a thick southern accent, giggling.
“Yes?” The demon drags on the ‘s’ like a snake.
“Second pair of eyes?” Dean questions, slowly.
“What do you mean?”
“Not necessarily a sale. I consider it more of a transaction.” Lucian watches as Dean steps away from him slowly.
Dean glances up for the first time. "You first."
“It’s an angel’s essence. Without it, they sort of fade away, and become an average joe. It’s what charges them up,” Dean explains.
“You think you still have some fight in you, Castiel? You can hardly stand.”
Like clockwork, Dean wakes up a little over four hours later. He sits up and rubs the sleep from his eyes. Sighing, he considers telling Jody goodbye but decides not to disturb anyone. Instead, he leaves a note on the refrigerator:
The next morning Dean wakes to his Jack Daniel's replaced with three ibuprofen pills and a glass of water. Grateful, he slowly takes them one at a time due to the agonizing headache. Usually he doesn't have headaches or hangovers but the nightmares don't give him much rest. He really isn't able to sleep off the alcohol. Pressing the heel of his hands into his eyes to push back the headache, Dean sighs with exhaustion. He doesn't even know what time it is. His watch reads 4:32 but Dean is unsure if it's AM or PM.
Sam picks up another one. This time it's the one closest to the trash can. The markings are a bit sharper than the paper before. Almost more angry. It appears some words are smudged but still legible.
"Okay! Thanks, Jack," Kaia stops him. The gravity of the spell weighs heavy on Claire. She's staring at a chipped tile on the floor, zoning out. Silence hangs thick in the room as everyone digests Jack's words.
Dean smiles, knowing that this case will help keep his mind busy. And he will be able to save someone. At least this way he will feel like his life was worth saving.
Sam quietly crunches the papers back up and places them back where he found them. Dean doesn't move. As Sam switches the lamp off, he feels the heaviness of the dark engulf him.
“He did a local beacon spell and believes there is a powerful warlock in the area. He’s on his way there now,” she says.
He rounds on Eileen, his brow creased. “Tell me where he is.” His face softens. “Eileen, please. I’ve already lost Cas. I can’t lose Sam too.”
“How do I meet this Lucian?” He asks, glancing above her, checking his surroundings. She begins to giggle as she twirls faster. “Hey! Come on, Lucian. How do I meet the guy?” He repeats.
He's angry at Castiel for leaving him. He's angry at Jack for leaving him. But most of all, he's angry at himself. At how he's failed to bring Castiel back. At how his best friend died and he didn't even say goodbye. At how he's known for a while his feelings about Castiel but never has the guts to admit it.
“We should go!” Dean suggests. He wraps the angel’s arm over his shoulder, hoisting him upright as they quickly follow the tether back home. Castiel questions the stream of light and Dean explains the spell and how Claire is the tether.
"You heard him. It's the only way."
It's quite a lot of liquid. More than your average shot of liquor. "All of it?" Dean raises an eyebrow. His head screams at him to stop.
Bright blue swirls fill his dreams as he drifts off. He feels immense warmth as the blue wraps around him like a large ribbon and he floats above the grass. The ribbon caresses Dean like a soft, silk cloud, holding him in place. A slight breeze causes the ribbon to ripple in harmony and alternate between hues of blue. The colors circulate between indigo to azure to cobalt to cerulean to teal and finally midnight blue effortlessly. Dean sees dark angels wings above and feels safe. He flies higher as the ribbon ascends toward the wings. Flashes of cerulean eyes skip by, sad and yearning, before Dean is pulled down into dark azure ocean water by the wings. The ribbon of blue dissolves into nothing. Dean feels alone. In dreams, people don't usually have their sense of smell, but Dean swears he smells hints of sandalwood, a campfire, and honey. Then, he sees Castiel materialize before him with his wings extended, long and wide. Beautiful. They're untouched with no sign of rebellion or impurities. Just as Dean had first seen them.
"You're slightly high on magic. I needed your mind open to the spell so I could materialize your friend. It's more difficult, if you're not relaxed. The human mind can create barriers for spells regarding psyche distortion and manipulation. That's why vision walk tea is all hallucinogens." Lucian breathes after his lecture on magic. "Anyway, now as for payment." He trails off. Dean winces, glancing at Lucian. "Memories hold a lot of value- power even. One single memory could take down an entire army, if you know what you're doing."
"I don't know, change of heart?" Sam offers, half-heartedly.
i'm getting close to wrapping this up. maybe two chapters left? we'll see!
"Drink this."
Dean weighs the option before slamming on the brakes and makes a dangerous U-turn. He parks to the side and buries a small metal box with his picture along with other trinkets inside. Dean barely slides a layer of gravel over the box when he feels a presence.
Dean creases his brow together, curious where his brother is, and motions to knock on the door but stops himself. He shakes his head at his own stupidity. He stands next to the couch and lightly touches Eileen’s shoulder to get her attention. She turns toward him and smiles.
“So whatever’s in me can help with the spell,” she says, hopeful.
The hood to the trunk closes once again with Dean’s pistol tucked inside and Dean looks up. The scenery has changed. He is now standing in the middle of a bright lit foyer, a small table in front of him with a bouquet of dead flowers, a staircase leading upstairs to darkness, and three rooms surrounding him. One to his left is a living room adorned with antique furniture and a small fireplace against the wall. One to his right is unknown, the double, wooden doors are closed - possibly an office. The room straight ahead is the kitchen. Dean observes the fridge and island cabinet. The house is quiet aside from the noises coming from the room to his right. It sounds as if someone is dying or crying.
“I heard that.” Claire says while flipping through a book about astral projection.
“The difference is you get to keep the remainder of your soul. I take a part of it. You won’t be condemned downstairs, as far as I know at least.” He flashes his pearly, white teeth. His canines are wickedly pointed.
On the bed, Kaia and Claire sit closely, whispering. Kaia has her hand on Claire's knee, wishing to take her place and protect her from this. Dean walks up to them, feeling as if he's interrupting a private moment.
Castiel punches Dean left, right and left again but he doesn’t fight back. A strong uppercut causes Dean to fly back and fall against the concrete floor. He blacks out for a moment on impact. Opening his eyes, coming to, Castiel is straddling him, hands around his neck. Dean reacts and reaches for his throat.
"I'm sorry, but this is the only way." His eyes apologetic.
"Dude, what the hell happened? Say something. You alright?" Dean glances over Sam, and around the bunker, checking for any intruders.
His words baffle Dean. “Don’t do that. Don’t apologize. It wasn’t what was said, Cas. It was the timing. You left and my idiot brain had no time to fully process what the hell was happening. But I finally did weeks later, and you weren’t here. And it hurt too damn much.”
With that, Dean slams the demon knife into his stomach and twists the handle. The demon yelps in surprise and then falls to the ground. The night air ruffles the neck of Dean’s jacket. Even with the long sleeves, he still grows goose bumps on his arms. An owl sounds from across the street, in a tall bare oak tree. Dean feels like he’s in a warped moment of time. The midnight sky, the sound of the owl, silence from the road, and a dead body before him. He continues to stare down at the body for quite some time. His head becomes numb, but in the sense he doesn’t feel real. He hates this feeling. It’s how he felt when Chuck told Sam and Dean they have no free will. He writes their stories.
Then quick movement to Dean’s right alerts him. It’s a dark figure, humanistic. It is jogging toward the area with people passed out, and suddenly disappears.
Claire ignores her, instead pays more attention to the books on the library table. “Hi. I’m Kaia and that’s Claire. She sometimes has a tendency to make things awkward,” Kaia harshly whispers.
“I am,” he nods, grinning.
“I hate to break up your wholesome moment, but why are you here, Jack?” Dean asks.
he wasn’t truly an angel anymore,” interrupts the demon. He smirks at Dean, digging into his emotions and adds, “Thanks to you.” Dean squints his eyes.
"Nothing. I'm fine," Sam replies.
"Claire," Kaia starts. Claire looks into her chocolate eyes and tilts her head with sorrow.
Dean inhales, softening his face. “I need something stronger, Jody.”
"Are you going to tell us about the phone call, or not?" Claire asks, slightly annoyed, dropping her silverware on the table.
“I don’t know. I only know what I heard.” The demon walks away from Dean and turns back, facing him. “Listen, if you don’t want to make a deal I am just wasting my time. There are other losers out there desperate and willing to sell me their soul. It's kinda my job, so…" Dean is silent, staring at a large rock in the gravel. It’s much larger than the others, out of place really.
The angel looks at him, seething with anger and pushes him back. “You say this isn’t me, Dean but you’re wrong. This is me.” He stalks slowly toward Dean. “In case you have forgotten, I took on the Mark because it would have killed you. Turned you into a demon. I always make sacrifices for you, and look what that gets me. You Winchesters always talk about family, but I’m not your family. I have never had a family!”
Dean’s expression falters. He gasps as the new sliver of hope rips his heart out, shattering it. The demon, chuckling, closes in on Dean, whispers in his ear. His breath is hot and moist against Dean's neck. He shivers in disgust. “You must have known I was lying. But why don’t you say we kiss and make up?”
Kaia’s heart pounds hard against her chest as she monitors the love of her life. Eileen is comforting her, with a warm hand placed on her shoulder. “They’re taking a long time.”
“Aw, well ain’t that adorably disgusting.” Meg’s voice sounds from behind Dean, her tone insolent and dry. Recognition flashes across Castiel’s face. Dean is actually sitting before him. Dean just told him he loves him.
Dean flicks the napkin against his finger, digesting the information.
“Alright, I think everything is in order for the spell. Now, we just need the grace,” Sam states.
Amara appears next to Dean, staring at him sorrowfully. Jack sits upon the bed. Both invisible to Dean. “You need to tell them, Jack. You have to stop them.”
“Where do I begin?” Jody scoffs.
Each thought churns his stomach more and more. The anger boils higher within him until he slams his palm against the steering wheel repeatedly. He cries out and covers his face with both hands, dropping the phone in his lap. Dean breathes in and picks the phone back up, hits redial and listens to the voicemail.
It's 6:35 pm and nothing has come across the wire. Social media is quiet, so Sam texts Eileen that the date is a go. She replies five minutes later, ready to go and excited to see Sam. Dean offers to let Sam take the Impala out to pick Eileen up. For once in a long time, Sam is excited. When he reaches the garage door, Sam glances back at his brother and sees him nursing a brand new whiskey bottle. Sam frowns at the sight. Dean deserves to feel excited, to be happy. Sam will go on this date with Eileen, tell her about Cas, and they will come back to help Dean. Help Dean get his best friend back.
Although the whiskey does not keep the nightmares at bay it does keep him numb. That is enough to continue drinking. He reaches for the bottle and misses.
Dean closes his bedroom door quickly, and shuts his eyes. His heart is pounding. This is it. For weeks, he’s searched and searched for an answer to bring Castiel back. With every dead end, he felt something latch onto his ankle, pulling him further under the surface. Now, the grip has loosened and he’s above water. Exhaling, Dean’s shoulders relax and a large amount of stress rolls off of him.
Eileen shuffles up next to Sam and glances at the couch. She looks at Sam with a sad look. At dinner, he filled her in with everything he knows about Castiel and his sacrifice for Dean. But Eileen didn't realize it would affect Dean this badly. She walks over to Dean and pulls the blanket from on top of the couch and covers Dean. He's passed out again and is slightly twitching. His eyes are racing back and forth.
