“I want you to come to me, body and soul. I want you to dance and twist with me as we light up the world as we burn into one” crooned the creature into his ear.
She grinned over the bed at John who was putting together the disparate elements of this stream of consciousness. She had her hand poised over her phone, waiting for a response to give Katy and at the same time was playing with her blonde ponytail, making it swish backwards and forwards as she twisted it.
But then again…
“I promise”.
“I haven’t seen Jim since I was 14. He left home when he was 16, after years of doing nothing but cause trouble and pain for our family. Do you know he killed the pet cat when he was six? Just for fun. We all knew there was something not right with him and he terrorised us until he left. We never heard another word from him, just rumours that he was in London”.
“I thought we were going to Montserrat. I found the booking, the tickets, the hotel. It looked
“Greg, stay with us or I’m going to have to let Sherlock kiss you too and none of us want that, although he is very good at it” he murmured into Lestrade’s ear. “Come on Greg!”
“It’s only the antibiotics, love. They make the urine red. Mine is the same. I’m so sorry, I should have warned you.”
Sherlock is disturbed from running his experiment by the joy of a locked-room murder
Forty five minutes later, tucked up in the Queen’s Head and three pints in, John’s phone pinged.
“You are being ridiculous, John. I have lived on take-aways quite satisfactorily for many years now. Do I look like it has done harm?” Sherlock waved his hand theatrically up and down his frame while raising an eyebrow. John took a long moment to consider Sherlock’s body, eyes ranging from prominent cheekbones to slender hips and raised clavicle peeking out from a midnight blue shirt.
This gets John’s attention. He pulls his hand away and sits up, legs crossed under the sheets, frowning down at Sherlock.
“It’s procedure mate. We have to stick to it or else whole cases are lost at court. You know that. Now, have you met the deceased before?”
“Yes John. I wish to conduct an experiment to investigate in greater depth your position within Maslow’s hierarchy of Needs and Wants, focusing on one particular aspect of human behaviour”.
“Well, who is she?”
“Good. Right, so we have Mycroft to thank for all this?”
“Emelia, love, put the kettle on please. Sherlock, I’m going to unpack your things.”
Weddings; everyone has an opinion.
John laughs, but Sherlock and Eoin lock gazes for just a moment longer before Sherlock too smiles.
Silence lays across the room as everyone contemplates the sacrifices and loss both men have endured since they met.
Sherlock tries to turn to face John but one strong arm keeps him where he is, facing John’s chair, while the other hand strokes and soothes its way down to Sherlock’s hard dick. When John squeezes, Sherlock’s knees flex and John has to grab him to keep him upright.
Violet Holmes looked across the table at her:
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, look, Rosie-baby, here’s Daddy and Sherlock home to get you,” Mrs. Hudson coos.
Whilst buttoning the shirt, he concluded that he wanted to make sure that John would continue to feel this way for a very long time and that he also wanted to try and give John that particular look that meant he wanted to touch Sherlock. That hungry look.
Sherlock opened the door and left it ajar, throwing himself back on the bed.
“So you decided to end things and move on?” he pushed. There was a chime at the front door and someone answered it. John walked into the drawing room. He nodded briefly at Sherlock, avoiding his eye and greeting Lestrade who introduced him to Eloise. John sat down in the chair opposite her and Sherlock continued his line of questioning.
“Can I come in? I want to apologise.”
Sherlock considered for moment. He recalled doing a lot of reading but more, a lot of conversations with his mother over the kitchen table and just here on this very spot.
Then something unexpected happened. From the outset, they had been told that it was very unusual for anyone to be asked to foster a baby. Sometimes they may come with siblings, but on the whole, foster care was for needed for older children. Then one Tuesday, at about three in the afternoon, Sue phoned John:
“I had to see her John” There was long pause “I can’t do this. I have to have her. I need her!”
'Blues and twos' is a British colloquialism meaning to put on the blue lights and sirens of an emergency vehicle.
___________________________
John nods sharply and raises his chin, gazing into Sherlock’s eyes.
“His usual interfering, arrogant self.”
“Let’s get those off you,” John rumbled, pulling at the t shirt Sherlock was wearing, “I need to see you, want you laid out for me.”
Once more, Greg Lestrade met them at the gate of the complex, his hopeful “Care to explain Sherlock?” ignored as Sherlock stabbed the lift call button. Lestrade raised a questioning eyebrow at John who simply shrugged back; Sherlock had been silent throughout their journey, deep in thought.
It’s hard though, because John’s nervous glances and aborted attempts go on for two full days. Sherlock is pretty certain he already knows what John wants to talk about, of course, but finds that he also has no idea how to start this conversation.
“What the hell, Mycroft?”
“Well Com.. Violet, you can’t expect to bring the world back from nuclear disaster, get shot at by the Russians, blown up by the Chinese and expect to come away from it without a touch of arthritis. Whoever has our boys, they have no idea who they are dealing with! Don’t worry, we’ll get them back, safe and sound.”
With the ‘blues and twos’ in full force, and back-up on its way, Lestrade drove through the streets of leafy, suburban London to South Harrow with the expertise of a graduate of the Met’s best high-speed training. John careened around in the back seat despite his seat belt as they went the wrong way around traffic calming systems, mini roundabouts and hit speed reduction bumps at high speed, jarring every bone in their bodies.
A week later, and as promised, John had an appointment with Messrs Jacob and Michael Lindon. Sherlock had offered to come with him, but John declined, making a snide comment about wanting to get a suit he could wear and still be able to digest his food. In truth, he had been nervous of making a fool of himself in front of the posh twat. John had never had a made-to-measure suit before and wasn’t entirely sure of the process. He would rather not display his ignorance for Sherlock’s likely entertainment and ridicule.
"Good. I'll go."
“I can’t stay long. It’s not safe for either of us.”
“And then?” Sherlock’s own voice was gentle and deep.
Ten minutes later and they were curled around each other, John resting his head on Sherlock’s chest and stroking his arm. Sherlock bent to kiss him, almost missing his mouth in the dark and half landing on John’s nose instead.
It’s rare for me to write poetry John,
Emelia Holmes-Watson was her father’s daughter. Consequently, she was sufficiently comfortable with showing her feelings, even for a teenager, to lean over and kiss her Papa’s forehead in relief that he was home at last. She also knew enough not to make a fuss over him or launch into an over sentimental speech.
“Afternoon, sleepyhead. We need to get a full length mirror in this flat. This one is no good. Thought i’d try it on. You’re the expert, what d’ya think?”
“Hi Dad” Emilia burst into the room bringing life and joy with her. She threw down her school bag and moved to the other side of Sherlock’s hospital bed, leaned in and kissed his forehead.
It's been a busy week and I am a bit behind. Please prepare yourself for an oncoming fluff storm.
Mycroft poured himself a cup of tea and sipped it, “I am afraid I am not at liberty to explain more, much to Sherlock’s disgust, but that is the situation.” He drained his cup, collected his coat and umbrella, “Sherlock do stop sulking. It is for the best this way. I very much hope to see you tomorrow. Good day.”
I should book a room somewhere new for two more days, maybe three? Somewhere cleaner. Now she has company. Husband? No, Lover? No. Brother? No. Oh, of course, cousin. You’re slowing down Holmes. That pastry was okay, not as good as the ones from that bakery in Watling Street that John always went to. I wonder how John is? I must get an update from Mycroft.
John was breathing hard, the magnitude of what he was saying washing over them both. The realisation of what he was
Sighing, as he tied his shoes, Sherlock considered the ongoing complexity of his experiment to analyse his relationship with John. Having limited experience on which to draw, and really Mycroft simply didn’t count, and often finding his own reactions to John confusing, some time ago he had decided to apply the scientific method to the situation.
“Probably poisoning. It’s usually poisoning when Anderson can’t identify the cause of death. No obvious blood or wounds and he is stumped.”
“I don’t”
Greg and Katy arrived at 5.45 and had duly brought the tea bags. They all had a cup and while the two cousins chatted animatedly about school, eyeliner and YouTube vlogs, Greg and John went to get something to eat.
Thanks for reading. This challenge has been an experience and I am fairly certain some of these chapter will be reworked, added to, combined or start something else altogether.
Pushing the tip of his tongue into the beloved pucker. Building a slow rhythm, he pushed as deep as he could into the other man, eliciting sighs and grunts of pleasure.
Sherlock whirled into the room, all coat and arrogance. He ignored Anderson who stepped back out of his way with a sigh. Sherlock bent down and carefully examined the body, leaping from head to feet and back again. John loved this bit, loved to stand back and watch Sherlock do his deducting dance, as he thought of it, neurons sparking, hands elucidating his findings and eyes flitting and glowing.
“She said they would be here about five thirty, she was going to meet her Dad at work then come over. Is that alright?”
Without warning he lifted his head and looked down at the man he loved so much. He wanted to consume him. Removing his own trousers he pulled Sherlock to the edge of the bed, holding his legs up and using his own pre-come as lubrication, slowly pushed inside him, tight up to the balls. He carefully leaned over Sherlock who gazed up at him and throatily John drawled “Mine”.
This story is totally true, based on my youngest daughter although we had no Sherlock Baby Whisperer. Yes, I was offered the parenting course as the solution and no, I haven't yet recovered from the sleep deprivation.
To be continued...
“Do you want honey on your toast, love?”
John hesitated. He wasn’t sure if this was ok, whether he was crossing a line. It was only talking after all, he decided, and he felt the need to try, to do anything that he could.
“Ok gents, we’re here to get you out but we have to get those handcuffs off first”. She whispered, creeping from one to the other on slow tiptoe, giving the balloons a wide berth. John, Mycroft and Lestrade were able to walk but Sherlock had to be half carried out, leaning heavily on John and Molly. The men were led to a waiting ambulance and once they were safely inside, Anthea turned off the camera, mission completed.
“Get up. We’re leaving.” He grabbed her by the arm and keeping the pistol pressed firmly at her back, half walked and half carried her down the stairs and out of the front door.
“John, may I touch it. I know it doesn’t hurt but would you prefer I didn’t?”
“It’s not that serious, Sherlock, don’t over…”
“I’m sorry? Sherlock Holmes is running errands for someone now? I never thought I’d see the day.” Michael tipped his head and gave Sherlock a once-over. “Alright, you. Upstairs. On the couch.” He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively, then turned and yelled to his uncle, “We need tea, Jacob, upstairs. It's for Sherlock.”
John slides his hands under Sherlock’s arse, gives it a squeeze and twists his hips to turn Sherlock over, so that his weight is resting on his forearms, arse high in the air. John slicks himself with lube and leans forward, sliding into Sherlock in a single, firm thrust.
“No,” Sherlock pouted and turned his back on John, curled up facing the wall and undertook a level nine sulk.
Moving his tongue down, he drenched Sherlock’s balls and perineum in saliva, alternating between licking them and sucking the hard dick as deep as he could. Sherlock was pushing his hips up into John’s mouth, gripping at the bedsheets, the buttonhole lost. John moved down and rapidly removed Sherlock’s shoes and trousers. Lifting his legs wide, he sank his mouth down to Sherlock’s arse, nipping at the cheeks then sucking at the delicate inner thigh until he had left his mark.
John decided to remain loyal to his husband, “only a bit, he soon got over it.” The two glanced over to where their respective husbands were squabbling, Sherlock teasing Mycroft over the size of the wedding cake. Unexpectedly, Sherlock grinned at his brother and put out his hand. Mycroft took it and carefully pulled his little brother into a stiff, awkward hug that lasted just three seconds.
--------------------------
* * *
In front of the fireplace Sherlock and Mycroft stood glaring at one another. The atmosphere was tense, each man having drawn their backs straight. Sherlock’s hand was laid on the mantelpiece, fingers tapping an annoyed rhythm.
John did up his trousers and squared his shoulders. He straightened Sherlock’s shirt and tie.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eyes screwed shut, Sherlock tries, and fails, to free himself. John’s refusal to allow his body to move gives Sherlock’s mind the freedom it craves; the permission he needs to let go and feel. Surrendering the responsibility of thinking, deducing, deciding and knowing allows Sherlock to sink deeper into the sensations, to do nothing but enjoy them.
Wiping the excess foam from his face, for the first time Sherlock met his own eyes in the mirror. What must it be like inside other people’s tiny little minds? Was it was peaceful, calm, content and, god forbid, happy? Would he give up all his own extraordinary abilities to have that?
No, it’s all Rosie’s doing. It’s almost as if she has inherited the twin characteristics of stubbornness and determination from somewhere.
Her face was very thin and tired, her skin a grey colour and her clothes shapeless and loose, a pair of tracksuit bottoms, sweatshirt and trainers. Her hair and clothes were damp and the thumb and forefinger of her right hand were rubbing against each other compulsively. She bore little similarity to the woman he had married and didn’t even look much like the woman who had given birth to Charlotte just over a month ago. John took a small step back, away from Mary and closer to his daughter.
John draws back up to tease Sherlock’s corona with the very tip of his tongue, around and around. He flicks at the frenulum, laps at Sherlock’s slit and draws the point of his tongue, made firm, over his balls. Sherlock is nothing but wet, warm, pushing, needing want. Then John, oh glorious, beautiful John, takes the head of Sherlock’s cock firmly in his mouth and bobs and sucks at speed. Sherlock’s orgasm curls and builds, retreats and coalesces, diffuses and surges forward, upwards, until it catches and explodes. Sherlock’s silent roar of pleasure sits in his throat until it calms to a soft, drawn out moan of pleasure.
Sherlock made his way carefully into the house. There was no sign of Sherrinford. Suddenly a Tunisian woman appeared in front of him:
“Yes, I’m quite …… Ohhh Molly, that is
It would make me so very hard?
“Bit harder, I think” offered John, encouragingly. Sherlock stared at him balefully and raised the mallet once again. He wanted to be sure that the damage pattern caused by the mallet matched the dimensions of the wound exactly. Smack. The mallet rebounded off the watermelon which remained intact.
“Is this something you have ever wanted?” John asks,his hand gesturing at all the children playing in front of them. “Kids, I mean.”
The speeding police car came to a skidding halt in the middle of the car park outside the cabbies and Sherlock climbed out before the vehicle had even stopped moving. Billy was stood eight feet back from the office, just out of the line of sight of the window, watching. He put out his arm to stop Sherlock who was running frantically towards him.
“Tha’s easy! Sh’lock Holmes has the biggest, most beautiful dick I have ever seen. Isss not long and thin like the rest of him,” John shook his head vehemently, very serious. “No, isss long a’right but its also ver, ver thick, s’wide, do you see?”
“John, why are you looking at me like that?” began Sherlock, watching the changing expressions flit across John’s face. Unexpectedly, he crossed the kitchen in two long strides and wrapped his arms around John
“They are the right kind, the leather of mine are too soft and Lestrade’s wearing police issue shoes, not at all suitable. Give me your shoe”. Reluctantly, John removed his brown leather shoe and handed it to Sherlock, who dropped to the floor and ran the shoe down the bottom edge of the balcony door at with just enough force to leave a scuff mark on the toe of the shoe.
“You alright there, love?”
“Delighted to meet you at last, John, I have heard so much about you. Please, sit here next to me, I want to hear all about that little upset we had in Tottenham last month. I understand you and Sherlock were instrumental in resolving that robbery?”
Sherlock very much hoped he would.
“Please, John if you would be so kind,” Mycroft condescended. John’s husband, on the other hand, quivered slightly, glared once more at his brother and moved swiftly to John, kissing him gently on the temple and running his hand down from John’s shoulder to his waist where it came to rest. This was a bit not good, John knew. This was Sherlock’s “hold me back before I kill someone” position, his “this is your last chance to reason with me before I give my lower brain permission to take over”, or in John’s own shorthand “The Donovan Manoeuvre”.
I have a suspicion that when Series 4 comes, we might not all feel so amenable towards Mycroft, so I decided to be be nice to him before he goes and ruins everything. There is a Very Special Guest Star.
Would he? There was a time, not so very long ago, that the notion was as far fetched as him becoming an astronaut. However, the universe has shifted and rearranged around him and now nappies, babygros and pink plastic things are part of his everyday life. Would a small version of himself be a good thing? Does this world need more of the Holmes’ genes? He remembers the first time he saw Rosie; tiny, utterly dependent and beautiful. He had loved her instantly. Would it not be a good thing to multiply and spread such love?
“Keep reading it love. Put in some wrong bits, he might wake up just to correct you” John encouraged.
“And you, you jealous fuck, you spoiled it for them”
“There’s enough here to feed us for a week,” John laughs, licking syrupy fingers. Sherlock pokes at the french toast before deciding it isn’t sweet enough. Instead, he takes a slice of Mrs. Hudson’s chocolate ganache wedding cake. John decides he must remember to tell her this; that presented with delicacies from an expensive french bakery, Sherlock chose her baking over it all.
“And yet…?”
Sherlock had vomited. Everyone working the case had been shocked; human murders excited him but this was what upset him? John hadn't been a bit surprised, and when Sherlock had insisted they keep one of the numerous puppies now in need of rehoming, John hadn't the heart to argue. Clearly this meant a huge amount to his flatmate.
John and Sherlock had wondered the same thing. John had decided it didn’t matter if she was his or not but Sherlock had gone ahead and done a DNA test anyway behind his back. He had presented the results to John in a plain white envelope but the look on Sherlock’s face was one John had never seen before. The simple letter had confirmed Charlotte was most definitely John’s daughter. “I told you it didn’t matter” he had said “It will do one day” Sherlock had responded simply. He had been right.
Rapidly buttoning his shirt he began to quantify John’s reactions. Sherlock knew John had been watching him, had felt the intensity of his stare before even turning around. In the second that he had surveyed his flatmate, Sherlock observed slightly dilated pupils, a slackness of the mouth and jaw, and a number of micro expressions flitting across John’s face in rapid progression – delight, curiosity and guilt.
“Come here, John” Sherlock enveloped the exhausted John is his arms and the pair of them stood, swaying ever so slightly, both considering bursting into tears. Sherlock rallied first.
“Yes, we found the glass at the crime scene. It was whiskey. No sign of any poison then?”
“Clever. Go on.”
"Hmm, broad shoulders compared to your waist, we'll have to make sure we emphasise that tapering," Michael noted. An image of Sherlock came to John, long and lean in his own suit. In the few weeks since they had first met, he had rarely seen Sherlock in the same suit twice.
John had expected the interior to be as conventional as the entrance and, in some ways, it was; wooden shelves gleamed with silken ties, glass-fronted cabinets displayed everything from braces to cufflinks. However, this was offset by full-size, solid glass mannequins displaying sharply fitted suits. The entire back of the shop was a rainbow of shirts suspended on hangers from steel wires, criss-crossing each other. A glass and chrome spiral staircase led up from one corner of the room.
And Sherlock’s heart reaches out into this still shifting universe and answers:
On day twelve, there was a break in the routine. Sherlock and John rose early and were collected by a black limousine, Mycroft waiting in the back for them. They were making the trip to Sussex to Sherlock’s family. Mary was, by now, beginning to feel the weight of her pregnancy and decided to stay at home for the day. The three men returned to Baker Street that evening in a sombre mood and for the first time, John stayed at Baker Street, explaining to Mary in a quick phone call that it was going to be a ‘late one’ and she needed her sleep.
“You want me to fill you?” John growls. Sherlock’s only response is to push back even harder onto John’s cock.
“No, John”
* * *
Sherlock was sat up waiting for John in their bed, reading and luxuriating in the width and softness of his own bed. John climbed in next to him, snuggling up along Sherlock’s long legs.
Sherlock places his palms on John’s pectoral muscles, pressing firmly, enjoying the feeling of the nipples in the centre of his palms. This is one of his favourite things to do;  reinforcing John’s strength, the quiet power of his musculature. John’s fingers remain wrapped around his left wrist as they shuffle tight together, thigh to thigh, knee to knee, cock to cock.
“He’s back. Someone get Dr. Watson”
Eoin shrugs, his red hair hitting off his slim shoulders. Sighing, his crosses his arms and sits back into his chair, taking a moment to think.
“No.” As soon as he has said it, Sherlock knows John will take his response the wrong way. He attempts to clarify, for himself as much as John.
“What are your plans for the day?” he enquired.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gently and methodically, John kissed every one of them, wanting Sherlock to know he accepted this part of the man but slowly becoming sadder as he realised the extent of the injection sites and the age of some of the scars. Two or three were larger where there skin had obviously become infected. He took small comfort from the fact that there were no new sites, only old scars. Sherlock relaxed again and the kisses produced soft sighs and then deeper groans.
Between hushed giggles and heads still shaking in disbelief, they strip each other’s clothes and fall onto the bed. The laughter subsides, replaced with sudden, demanding need. Wrapping around each other, each trying to get closer to the other, more enveloped, they kiss and thrust and stroke. Soon, John is reaching for the lube.
“Sherlock. Love. What the buggering
“Do you not think sex will complicate that?”
“Good morning Dr. Watson-Holmes. I’m sorry to disturb you. Mr. Holmes sends this with his regards.”
Gazing out of the window he watched their city pass in a blur, traffic lights just colourful smudges and people hurrying past on the pavements, fighting with umbrellas and avoiding the worst of the splashes from the speeding traffic. The cab was edging forward slowly as three lanes condensed into two and the buses pushed past in their own lane. He looked over at Sherlock who, to John’s surprise, was already watching him. John smiled, enjoying the warmth of Sherlock’s hand in his, aware of the callous on his thumb from the violin bow.
“Cause of death?”
John grinned vaguely at Greg “S’great.”
Carefully, he moves behind Sherlock and drops the dressing gown, watching as it slithers into a puddle on the rug. He leans in close and breathes on the back of Sherlock’s neck, not quite touching him, holding there for a long moment until he moves his lips just close enough to kiss the nape of Sherlock’s neck. It’s like an electric current has flown down the larger man’s spine and he gasps, breathing hard.
“What do you want?” Sherlock demanded.
John wasn’t convinced but his plans with Greg and Mike to go for a few pints had been made weeks ago when Greg had been at a bit of a low ebb. It was generally admitted that John didn’t ‘come out to play’ all that often anymore and a twinge of guilt mixed with the simple desire to have a few beers had won him over. That had all been fine when he had expected Sherlock to be having a quiet night at home, waiting for him, but now things had changed. Having spent most of his day on the sofa, thinking, Sherlock had come up with new idea to advance their latest case and wanted to head out to do some, quite literal, digging.
“Indeed, Lestrade, she made herself quite clear. However, I do believe we may have retrieved the murder weapon. I need to run a few tests to be sure but will get back to you in the morning. Now, do not call me again today. John and I have plans”. He hung up despite Lestrade still ranting on the other end.
“It’s, just seeing you like this dear” Mrs Hudson smiled “Look how happy she is with you, I spent ages trying to comfort her, all you had to do was hold her. I never thought I’d see the day!”
“Please, take a seat. Will you have tea?”
The victim was lying on the floor, flat on his back on his bedroom carpet, head turned to the right. He was between the bed and the French doors leading to a small balcony, the windows covered in a voile curtain. There was no blood and no evidence of any disturbance in the flat.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, I demand an explanation right now. What
“Well, there’s a case and …”
"He just likes the smell of me. It's all part of the settling in process. Let's get him something of mine that smells like me and then he might settle with you."
“In fact, I think your beautiful prick should be immortalised in art. It should be photographed, painted and have poetry written about it, Oh,” he was struck with an idea “It should have statues made of it”.
“I have to go. There has been a shooting, John needs me. I shall bring the baby with me but I need you to stand guard here until the police arrive. Can you do that?” Mrs. Hudson nodded silently and Sherlock handed her the gun
“The slide, John. I intended it to break. I had scored it in a number of different directions then covered it with a fake sample. I deliberately moved my hand away as you passed it to me so it would fall and smash. I had predicted the pieces would travel in nine possible directions and had my torso positioned for maximum exposure and, therefore, damage. It was my fault. Not yours.”
“No, not really, but we’ll keep working on it. I’m just on my way over to talk to the ex, Eloise Armitage. Want to come?”
There it is in a nutshell. Is Sherlock second best, a consolation prize? Is everything they have shared together over the last two years John compromising and taking comfort where he can find it, turning to the last remaining person in his life that cares for him and making the best of it? The thing is, John actually knows the answer. This is exactly the question he has asked himself over the last six months.
“Johanna, meet your would-be-Godfather-if-he-believed-in-such-things-or-Uncle-if-he-wasn’t-quite-so-literal-Sherlock”.
"Yes?"
Sherlock had been particularly intrigued by the statement in the research that ‘conflict is not a relationship’s kryptonite but inevitable and healthy’. Once he had finished Googling what Kryptonite was, he concluded smugly that there was already sufficient conflict in his relationship with John and that John’s most recent offering of ‘you utter bell end, Sherlock, give Greg back his wallet’ was, in fact, a term of affection and proof of their successful communication.
“Fuck it, Sherlock, I’m already close. Don’t move, just for a minute.” A teasing Sherlock ignores him and continues pushing back.
“Anything else? That’s quite a narrow selection”
For prompt 2 Lactation/nursing
Mrs. Hudson had met them in the hall, a crying Charlotte still over her shoulder and he could hear her and Greg having a frantic conversation. Sherlock focused, ignoring all the noise and examined the room in front of him. He had only left 86 minutes ago and, on the surface, the room looked the same as it had when he had kissed John on the lips and Charlotte on her sleeping forehead, and left. The sofa, chairs and desk were still all the same. Behind John’s chair Charlotte’s lemon changing table was exactly the same, pockets full of nappies, wipes, creams and clean baby vests. The white Babygro she had slept in was still in a ball at the top of the changing table and the changing bag was in its place on the floor next to it. Charlotte’s pink-lined Moses basket remained on its wooden frame in the middle of the room. The bottle holding the cold dregs of Charlotte’s breakfast was still on the coffee table but was now lying on its side. Sherlock deduced that John must be gone at least an hour as he rarely left the bottles lying around, scrupulously washing them and storing them in the steriliser until it was full and ready to put on.
John moved to kiss him, soft, sweet, practically chaste little kisses with just their lips, running his own fingers through Sherlock’s curls and then doing it again just because he could, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck and inhaling the faint lemony tang remaining from the morning.
Sherlock began pulling away, and John followed until he couldn’t. When the contact was broken, he heard himself whimper and Sherlock quietly chuckle. For a moment, John stiffened, worried Sherlock had just played a massive joke on him. That was, until, he looked Sherlock in the eyes and saw adoration where he was expecting judgment. He felt stupid for even thinking it.
“I got you here… you’re safe.” – John whispered in his lover’s ear; placed a sweet kiss on his temple.
John almost fell face down the bed as he hyperventilated, soft-silky fabric touching his sweaty skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What's wrong with you checking his neck-pulse?”
Still in his four, Sherlock complied. His lips parted in anticipation at Mycroft’s next move. His thoughts were interrupted by a cold piece of cloth being wrapped around his eyes. Sherlock was sure he would’ve come in that instant by the touch of Mycroft’s fingers tying the blindfold, tracing all over his scalp, if hadn’t been for that damn cock ring. Fuck that damn ring.
John held, squeezed and stroked.
Both were grown men around their 40’s, who still haven’t got a clue on how to handle difficult conversations. They kept doing what they did better, and that didn’t work for a good part of their lives: recluse on themselves and get offended by the other one’s behaviour.
He placed a small kiss on John’s forehead and left the room.
– John shouted.
John was much thicker than Greg.
“Coming!” – he screamed as loud as he could and ran down the stairs. The sound came from the garden.
Collapse and crisis seemed inevitable at this point; John had to remember himself that running solely on caffeine and angst could have worked during his teens but not in the dawn of his youthfulness. Now he understood why people inhaled cocaine, very much more practical.
They hadn't even started, and Mycroft was already exhausted. Could he still change his mind and refuse?
“I thought my family was the one that consisted of the people who deduce.”
“Just, please Sherlock … get off my sight”.
“Deeper! Deep! Stop talking and keep going!”
They sorted the idea of walking down a near bar and get some drinks and a proper meal for Sherlock. All agreed to stay together for a little longer than planned and celebrate how refreshed everyone felt. Lestrade had the marvelous idea of ordering a bottle of tamarind vodka; after listening to his young PC’s telling how they had almost ended up in the hospital after a party. Sounded fun and juvenile.
“No, you already are a hoarder; actually, you should go and clean every biological sample in the fridge if you do me the favor!”
– Sherlock waited for the perfect opportunity to whine in such a subtle way.
But today, it was six in the morning, and he was sure John hadn’t slept a bit. It was very much to say coming from Sherlock, who considered himself a self-imposed nocturnal creature, but even for his standards, John was beginning to look like an actual living dead, pale as fuck, emaciated, sick and sad.
However, if he couldn’t come up with something to get distracted, he will surely fall asleep.
“More please,” said Greg, and one more time cupped John’s jaw.
to be precise.”
Mycroft felt like crying at the piece of art he just created; he felt indeed like a
Greg just smiled and, from some hidden pocket in the coat, produced a box of cigarettes.
As a last gesture of cordiality, he reached for the clear bottle again and gave himself a few strokes before slowly, very slowly thrusting inside. Every muscle in his legs and abdomen contracted at the same time; the delight of a fantasy coming true that turned out better than expected. The reality far surpassed fiction.
John complied. His rising erection mimicked his own gasps, as he fought the urge to stop breathing steadily and just rush over Sherlock’s body all over again. But this was interesting, it was some sort of new experiment he was so willing to try.
Sherlock obeyed as he left all the liquid spread down his chin and chest. Nevertheless, he licked a bit of it from his lip and grinned in approval.
– he let out a deeper sigh and hugged Sherlock’s wait
– Greg said through clenched his teeth.
John's relieved sigh interrupted their childish discussion.
The heat of Sherlock’s hand over his own, moving up and down his aching prick was almost too much to tolerate, or at least that’s what he thought just before realize Sherlock rocking himself against his lower back at the pace of his own instructed strokes.
Greg and John, eager not to allow the slim figure in their arms to take back control, subdued him with more force. John's hands, which until now had caressed the slightly marked abdomen, began to move, tracing the silhouette of his arms until they were linked behind his neck. His torso spread like an offering to the deities.
- he laughed
John pulled himself up to the sound of his cracking knee and immediately shot Sherlock a warning look –
“What if…” Sherlock began, “…someone skilled enough recreated the painting? We know the client only specified a few elements, and the rest was left to Saunders creativity. Someone could repaint it.”
Before they could kiss, Sherlock opened his eyes at the sound of the alarm. 6:30 a.m. He was alone in his bedroom, in that cold winter morning.
“You know what, I’ll make all these less traumatic for you, how about I clean your wardrobe and you clean mine? That way you can finally get rid of my hideous jumpers, deal?”
Mycroft’s tone was blunt, as if he wasn't the least bit excited even though this whole new arrangement was his idea.
“Unnerving?”
Porn is actually hard to write when you don't want to make it sound ridiculous.
They clinked their shot glasses for the sixth time before bottoming up all of them.
“Fine!”
So it was one of
Lestrade paled
Mycroft had no problem with the peachy colour Sherlock drew on his cheeks compared to the disgusting, ordinary burnt red of any other human. He also didn’t care to describe how those turquoise silver eyes tinted black each time his pupils dilated and how his eyelids fell helplessly when he felt happy. He had no problem with how adorable it was to see Sherlock choosing to
Sherlock’s obvious mind-reading abilities quickly caught up with John’s turmoil of thoughts, snapping him out with a lewd kiss. A slow and tender progression while he straddled him, resting his chest over his now entwined hands, “Tell me how I can help?”
John squeezed the valve one more time, at the same time Sherlock yelled from the top of his lungs (as much as he could) for him to stop. He came inside Sherlock in one delicious wave of ecstasy.
“I’m kind of in the middle of something, could you please hurry up with the obvious claim you need to do?”
"Have you ever been told you have the taste of an old woman?"
“I'm planning on getting them the other way!”
” – John smirked as he put his phone right over Sherlock’s microscopic sample –
New marks will surely appear above a couple of blackish spots, witnesses of their secret encounters over morgue tables, dessert alleys and Lestrade’s office at 3 am (oh, well…). They surrendered to the urge to kiss, an all-consuming frenzy of lust, their groans and heavy panting drowned out every other noise around them.
A beautiful yet macabre dance of fire sparks, ash and smoke, reached the night sky. But it was all right.
Mycroft began sketching; emphasizing a very purplish vein now pulsing next to Greg's thumb, "Testicles now, if you'd be so kind."
He began to move, never coming out completely to re-enter more forcefully.
"Clean sheets, I'll change them, wait here”.
“John, do you need a hug right now?”
_______________________________
“When I failed to sleep, I liked to count how many breaths he took or how many strokes he would give my hair before falling asleep, humming songs I didn't even know where played by but caught the melody coming from the servants' radio.”
But don't be confused, dear reader. Not any painting.
He stood and with all the calm in the world approached Lestrade; taking him from behind and rearranging so that his entrance was exposed. When he finally found a position that satisfied him, Mycroft paused for a second to stroke the also swollen prick of his now-not-so-secret lover, "Now, don't move."
– he purred again using his signature baritone voice.
The three of them helped the youngest Holmes to sit straight.
He cried out, spilling, shaking, then dropping himself next to John. He was panting, looking at the ceiling; a huge grin appeared on his face.
“I …”
“Will depend entirely if my youthful misdemeanours still succeed to arouse you, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock involuntarily spread his legs, an invitation that Greg immediately accepted by throwing himself at it. Although he was not a heretic, having him at his mercy for the first time in his life awoke a carnal hunger that owned him on the verge of feeling his fingers were turning into claws, digging without consideration into the white skin. The symphony of moans and spasms it provoked was enough to intoxicate any hint of doubt that remained in his mind.
toads.
“How many of them…"
Okay, I should have written and finished this about a year ago, but I had a crisis; I almost died ... but I lived! It is finally finished.
A muffled cry and the sounds coming from Greg and John, making sure not a single corner of their mouths was left unexplored, is the last thing he remembered before deciding it was too much.
Lestrade's forehead dropped to John's lower back, heaving at the same rhythm.
"What about him?"
But, it wasn't Mycroft's fault that Gregory Lestrade looked so delicious in a 400-pound fitted dark shirt, and it certainly wasn't his fault to have all the resources to buy him another 200! Plus, the way his beautiful platinum hair turned three shades darker when getting soaked after an hour of mutual oral sex in the back of a sedan with tinted windows on their way to Chiswick was more than a valid reason to develop a healthy
"Slower; your grip's a bit tight. There … hold it."
– Mycroft rubbed his eyes –
He held John’s hand harder and speed the pace at his own rhythm; John arched his back to Sherlock, gasping for sweet culmination. Sherlock pressed his forehead against John’s back and groaned in pleasure as he kept pleasuring John.
“You mean sleeping and snoring while I clean?”
– and led John to sit in his old chair, while he sat at the floor between John legs, parting them to get a clearer view of the doctor’s need.
Sherlock couldn’t stop panting and shaking from excitement, looking damn gorgeous wrapped in his signature coat as a chrysalis. John realized the tightness of his own pants was getting quite uncomfortable as a noticeable erection was ready to escape.
“What? No, not those skills… stop plotting about killing the Prime Minister! I’ve told you, there’s no use, just wait until his wife gets fed up with his bullshit and stabs him, two months tops!”
– and stepped into the dark room. They got as comfortable as they could, moving boxes and sacks, setting up a nice shelter for the night. For the “sole purpose of getting warmer” for the “benefit of Sherlock’s help”, John suggested they should cuddle, but not before having searched the entire inventory for a bottle of whiskey.
purchase with my credit card on an online sex shop two months ago."
“Aquavit, but not nearly enough to make him bearable.”
Two or more hours holding that pumping erection; biting his tongue, sweating cold at the idea of being with a hero.
John still couldn’t understand the abrupt reaction of the elder Holmes; in a normal scenario, he would've had no problem admitting what a bad idea to delve into the subject would be.
“How did you know?!” Lestrade’s knee made everything on the table wobble.
“At some point, Mycroft squeezed my shoulder almost unnoticeable. Just a hint to trust and don’t do anything stupid… more stupid. Obviously, Mother’s sobs only made Father suspicious of something going horribly wrong. We heard his steps just a few seconds before the shouting started again; she snatched me away from Mycroft as much as the small room allowed.”
Mycroft Holmes was the type of person not easily carried away by trivial eventualities, London’s weather was still unpredictable even for one of Britain’s greatest minds.  The sky opened and it started pouring.
“Oh, then … Brioche baking?”
John was smiling – “
Who would’ve known it was so difficult to free yourself from two excited apes when you are quite exhausted.
“What? The soldier-vagina thing? … yes, in fact it did … until I met you and realized had other … concerns. Your hair has grown so long” – said while running his fingers through it.
After talking for a long time about John's war anecdotes, he leaned back followed by Sherlock who did not hid his desire to spoon him. There was something incredibly sensual about the idea of John being on a battlefield, saving lives, putting his own at risk.
John's hands were completely different. Despite the adversity, they were still soft and gentle when coming into contact with his friend's pale skin; instinctively he caressed more carefully all the little corners where the blood made a more noticeable stop and made the skin jump in a sign of life.
Sherlock traced long desperate kisses down John’s jaw, biting hard at the nape of his neck, making sure everyone will know for the next week (at least) this gorgeous man is loved and cared for. John’s hands held from Sherlock’s shoulders, digging his nails into it with each new bite on his skin. They came together, from just the friction between their legs, collapsing over each other.
Man cannot survive by feeding solely on work and duty.
– and slid his fingers into Sherlocks hole, a mere and minimal consideration before sliding his own pumping prick inside him.
“Precisely! … But then… she entered the room, and I was so shocked I couldn’t breathe, cry or speak; all our suppressed shame, I guess, converged in a single person for an instant. I’m so glad I couldn’t deduce people then as I do now,” he huffed, “It would’ve been mortifying to see all that yelling and sobs coming. The room felt gelid; I felt all blood running out me.”
"Stop." Mycroft's voice interrupted again.
“John”, he said firmly stepping in front of him, barefooted, cold and frankly, exhausted.
"Oh please, it was an orgy!" Sherlock's eyes rolled.
Lestrade knelt between Sherlock’s legs in front of the purplish member and gave one long and fast lick to all its length. Sherlock moaned as a dying animal would before shutting his eyes to prevent himself for coming. Greg put the ring deadly slow, down to the base of Sherlock’s cock, giving a little pat to his testicles in the way.
And just like that, like so many times before, John Watson's voice, not even knowing, was the perfect conductor of light for the darkest times in Sherlock's madness.
“Mycroft! I’m talking about your brother.”
“You’re not raping me, you’re not paying me, I’m not a prostitute, and you’re not a creep. Does that cover the whole catalogue of shameful sins you’re breaking down?”
syndrome?!”.
Both John and Greg choked at the question.
“John, hold me,” asked Sherlock.
“I’m asking you” Sherlock’s eyelashes batted.
Sherlock took off the rest of his clothes in silence, until the only thing covering him from shame and embarrassment was a black strand of his own hair falling over his eyes, he sighed – “
Mycroft approached Sherlock – “
Sherlock grinned but said nothing.
“ALL YOUR COATS ARE DARK GRAY!”
John still couldn't explain how the Holmes managed to pull off that thrilling trick of lowering their voice register at will to assert dominance. He hoped no one would decide to piss on him eventually (or maybe he did hope so?).
–he couldn't manage to call them "balls", so pedestrian. Anyway, he mouthed the little sack, sucking and coiling; so soft, rapidly tightening.
Sherlock didn’t say anything but refused to let go as he was tightening the grip on John’s inert body. Everything seemed to be passing in slow motion. Did John had to endure this same amount of suffering when he tried to reach him after the fall? after screaming everyone to let him pass because Sherlock was his friend and he needed to see him? How did he bear the pain?
The little pigeon died the next day; Mycroft told Sherlock it flew away.
- Mycroft and John executed Lestrade’s instructions immediately.
"Is it so?"
Trying not to fall on Sherlock and still feeling John throbbing at his side, he began to come.
"Will that suffice?", said after popping out, "Now stroke yourself."
The slick muscle kept penetrating the doctor as he felt how, with each new thrust, his frenulum suffered from being stretched too much. He soon would need to migrate to other limbs, Greg thought. His whole body moved forward up John's back as he blindly reached for the bottle of lube.
“You’re naked.”
Greg blushed. He did know very well someone, but it would require a lot of bribery and expensive wine.
Behind the police tape, three men, still perplexed at the sudden turn of events, discerned what could’ve gone wrong between sips of hideous cheap now-cold coffee.
"Greg seriously… don't make me beg, you and John had this wonderful idea of saving an old man's arse and Mycroft's right, I'm just thriving for the thrill of having your gigantic cock inside me.”
"Allow me…" Sherlock spun him forcing the John to look directly, "John, we will suck each other until the joint of our lips feels like falling apart, with such an amount of lubricant, semen and other fluids inside that the difference between utter bliss and the confusing agony of the possibility our rectums were ripped causing an imminent death by bleeding, will look very, very blurry."
Mycroft sketched, scribbled and smiled.
Lestrade, who had always been convinced of his inability to handle infants, felt a duty, at least for a second, to become the responsible adult.
Lestrade held John, stroking painfully slow.
This man was not ageing; he just didn't realise how all his knowledge longed to be applied to a much younger specimen.
Britain’s most stoic man, whose carnal feels and desires were relented to a second place, was now banging relentlessly the best Detective Inspector the MET had.
- he said through little gasps –
"Now,
"Are you having a stroke?”
With that final statement, John began to walk away to his old room, but before Sherlock could stop himself, the words were leaving him, unleashing the storm.
If John had had any artistic aptitudes, he would’ve saved a mental image of Sherlock’s exposed and vulnerable body spread wide open in front of him to paint later and put it on top of the fireplace to masturbate over to, for the eternity.
– Mycroft took of his jacket and folded it carefully over a chair, followed by his waistcoat. He removed his cufflinks and gracefully folded his shirt up to his elbows, undoing the first button of it as well – “
“Iliopsoas…”, another long lick traced Sherlocks pale skin, “Sartorius…”.
"Gigantic? How would you…?"
The pen suddenly stopped its hurried walk.
A tiny smirk rolled up Greg's lips.
John pulled down his trousers and pants enough to extract his member, gave him a few strokes before putting a condom and spitting right into Sherlock’s hole. He put himself in position and aligned the tip of his cock to Sherlock’s entrance, but before doing anything, he took the little valve of the blood pressure meter and squeezed it twice. Sherlock’s eye popped at the realization of what John’s was about to do, he gulped and puffed, repeatedly.
!) weren’t enough to stop him from dozing. Greg offered him a polite smile striding to the sweets aisle, but Mycroft winced at such a subtle universe sign of how fucked he was.
His tongue embraced the hardening limb as it slowly advanced down his throat.
“Thank you …” – and smiled.
Sherlock mouthed,
His hips tried to impale deeper into Greg's fingers, feeling the muscles of his stomach contract with each new pass.
“I was an emotionally deprived pre-pubescent who only knew care by my own blood. It was nonsensical for me to stay quiet on something so natural! You normally get reprimanded for fighting with your siblings; we never not once fought before I spoke about our… activities, never!” Sherlock tried to calm himself as he noticed his voice getting higher.
Mycroft approached his baby brother’s temple and pulled back the wet locks of hair falling down Sherlock’s face. – “
John let out a sigh he didn’t feel was holding.
- - -
They finished, and he dried John covering him with their fluffiest towel saved for special occasions, leaning more than necessary with the excuse to shield him from cold. It was a surprise when John’s arm snaked around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him into a hug. A silent, magnificently sweet hug that Sherlock responded without questioning. Every few seconds, John tightened the grip of his arms, almost afraid to let go of him.
” – he realized for a second what he just implied – “
- said John.
Sherlock repositioned, waiting for his turn to participate, tilting his head back, opening his legs wider, holding John's head… guiding to his rising erection, not minding one bit if his long shaft was too much for John's gag reflex. He was a doctor; after all, he wouldn’t mind.
“Maybe I've spent too much time with you, pretentiousness by osmosis.” He giggled and stomped on his cigarette, ”C’mon, my balls are freezing, and you still got a lot of work to do.”
He nodded.
He stood up, passing right a crossed arms Mycroft, watching from behind, waiting patiently.
John looked up in exasperation. Couldn’t Sherlock see he was about to do something QUITE important? Spoiled brat, this is not always about him. Nevertheless, he stood up and went looking for another pack of rope.
And with that, John stood up to his knees, cradling Sherlock’s head, sticking one thumb down his mouth, watching as his neck veins contracted around it. His lover’s hands stroked down his arse tightening the grip on each cheek.
“It’s not like he had something invaluable, right?” John couldn’t stop fidgeting while making a monumental effort to sound reasonable, mostly to himself and his slipping impassiveness.
“Myc, please”, Greg tried again.
John was on the verge of collapse, fighting with the pleasure spreading through his entire body, clinging painfully to Sherlock's waist and fighting not to make a mess with the rest of the makeshift
“I should hope not.”
Still not trusting him, Sherlock asked again, to John’s annoyance, “Why?”
SH: Don’t be dull, John. -SH
They waited a few more seconds before seeing Sherlock emerge were John had moments before. He looked very confused, observing the open lot in front of him, looking for any sign of John before looking back into the tree line. John had to hand it to him. He was doing remarkably well at acting his part.
“Aw, what? Why?” Carson complained.
John smiled and turned back to look at him. “On my life,” he promised and leaned in to place a quick kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Thirty seconds.” Sherlock nodded and began counting once John was out of sight.
John kicked himself for not asking Sherlock for his mobile number before they parted ways. He could have texted Sherlock to make sure he was okay. Once he made it to his car, John threw his bag into the back seat and got in. As he moved to turn on the car, he saw a small paper stuck on his dash. A number. Sherlock’s? No way he could have made it to the car park so fast. He was walking in the opposite direction.
“Excuse me, young man. Just where do you think you’re going?” Her hand quickly moved down to Sherlock’s hand and began tugging him in the opposite director from John’s house. “We need to get home and get you washed up before dinner. Your mother will be expecting you.”
“Okay, go get ‘em, tiger,” Sherlock said with a wink.
“This is not the right way to go about this,” John told him. He couldn’t bare the idea of hurting Sherlock like that, or by playing such a mean trick on him.
He moved away but left one arm over the boy’s shoulder to comfort him. The boy gave John a small smile and nodded his head, feeling a bit safer now that he didn’t have to worry about being eaten at night.
John nearly lost his nerve and turned around when Sherlock looked up at him from where he was sat on the ground. He was still a ways off, but it was too obvious he was heading towards Sherlock. It would be way more awkward if he turned around. He nodded once to himself and took larger strides until he was right next to the boy in question.
The question confused John. “Why would I want to kick sand in your face?”
“Ok!” he said as he grabbed John’s hand. “Let’s go play in our kingdom!”
“No way, Veronica? The one in A level Bio? Smart and hot, way ta’go, John!” hollered Carson as he slapped John’s knee in congratulations.
John, too, nodded. “Ok. You need to go home now so you can come play again tomorrow.”
The little boy’s eyes flickered up briefly to meet John’s. John noticed the way the boy’s curly hair bounced on the top of his head. It reminded him of the yo-yo toy he received for his birthday. He also noted the color of the eyes watching him. They were blue, or grey. John couldn’t quite tell which, but it was one of those.
“I don’t know. I guess, I just do?” John said with a shrug.
John swallowed and gave him a tight, nervous smile.
“You obviously came over here for something,” he said with his low baritone voice, effectively stopping John from leaving. He was only two years under John, yet he sounded and looked to be two years older. “Might as well get it over with. Unless I truly am as repulsive and such a ‘looser’ as everyone says.”
JW: Ok!
“I will come back here to you guys once I get him to close his eyes and we can all watch him emerge, confused and all,” John told them, not leaving any room for debate.
John shook his head. “No. I will stop them. They won’t hurt you because you are King. I will be the knight in shining armor so I have to protect you.” He shimmied off the edge of the bench and stood quickly to puffed out his chest, showing he could be brave and strong.
“No, you can’t take me away from John!” Sherlock whined at the same time John asked, “Never again?”
“If it’s alright with you, I’d very much like to introduce you as my boyfriend, but if you’d rather something else, I could-”
All the boys chuckled, John keeping up his facade as best he could. “Okay, boys. I’ve had enough excitement for one day,” John said as he picked up his bag and moved away from the group, “I’ve got a test tomorrow, so I’ve got to study.”
“Yeah,” John said, grinding his teeth through a chuckle. He needed to dump these guys.
JW: Yeah?
“No, no, that’s not,” John stammered, “sorry, no. I figured you knew, I had just hoped you hadn’t, I guess.”
A smile spread across John’s face. “I love it! Welcome to the Kingdom of Sherohn, King Sherlock!”
“Yes,” Sherlock answered mater-of-factly after a slight pause.
“Okay, okay. I’m leaving now. I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said as he moved past Sherlock and towards the clearing.
JW: A smiley face :-)
JW: How did you get to my car so fast?
“I swear it on my mother’s life.” Bennett pulled his arms back to his sides and lifted his hand up as if surrendering. “I saw him staring at you during English all last week, and not his usual ‘I am superior to all of you peasants’ stare,” he said in a mocking voice, turning up his nose like some pompous posh boy, “This was a ‘I want to slam you into one of these desks and make you cry my name’ stare.” He closed his eyes and let his head lull back against the bench, bucking his hips to exaggerate his claim before turning to look at John, smiling that revolting smile of his.
SH: Yes. -SH
“And what were you expecting?” John asked a bit breathless, letting himself get lost in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Hook, line, and sinker,” John lied.
“You like it?” he questioned as John smiled at him. John nodded and the boy frowned. “Most people tell me to shut up and then push me down or send me to my room. And I can’t be smart because Mycroft is the smart one.”
“Hi, Sherlock,” he heard himself say, “I’m J-”
He waited a moment, looking out the car window and drumming his steering wheel with his thumb. He nearly dropped his phone when it buzzed in his hand.
Pulling his phone out as quickly as he could, he typed in the number on the paper in and sent off a text.
The boy shook his head, fear creeping its way into his eyes as he dropped the wood chip to the ground. “No. I didn’t know there were monsters.”
A shrug was the only thing to accompany the quiet whisper. “Most kids do. I don’t think they like the things I say.”
“John, jock by day, studious student by night!” Bennett called to him as he walked away. John waved before turning his back them and heading towards the car park. He hated himself for all of this, even if it were a joke, he was only encouraging them. Poor Sherlock. Even though the encounter went wonderfully, John’s laughter could have hurt him.
The boy on the bench looked sad as he sat alone, legs kicking at empty air absentmindedly. That was the first thing John noticed about him. John had been playing in the sandbox, building a kingdom with valleys and mountains, castles and small village houses, believing it could all be real if he only worked hard enough.
They stood where they were for a moment, not minding anything other than themselves. “I suppose I should let you go so you can go back to your ‘friends’,” Sherlock sighed, noting he was still holding John tightly against himself.
SH: Do not get a big head. -SH
“Forgive me if I don’t trust someone who is notoriously known for his heterosexuality and way with women, telling me to follow them into the woods for no reason after I’ve just told them the rumors they heard were true,” he countered.
“But, why?”
The boy kept a questioning look as he listened to John. “So, if I don’t come play with you, you will kick sand in my face?”
“Oh. I’m glad I don’t have one, then.” They sat in silence for a few minutes, both thinking about bad things like baths and bedtime. “No stories?” John asked, concerned.
JW: :-)
He was currently reading “The
“That wasn’t what I was expecting,” Sherlock said quietly, the baritone voice vibrating through John like an orchestra drum.
“What? Why?”
JW: Ok. I just had to check. And I can’t help it if the most wonderful and stunning guy at school tells me I am the most attractive captain.
SH: …Fine.
John shook his head and reached up to place a quick kiss on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “Never. Not intentionally, anyway.” This earned him a small smile from the taller boy. “Here’s what’s going to happen,” he said pointedly, “I am going to go back to them, and you are going to stay here. Once I’m gone, count to thirty and come back out to the clearing. Look around for me, act confused and hurt before picking up your bag and leaving. It probably wouldn’t hurt if you could look over at us and act a little like you just figured out what supposedly happened.”
“Ok!” John said with a bit more excitement. “We have to be home before dark for dinner though, so we can’t play for too long.” Seeing the sad look on Sherlock’s face, he quickly continued, “But we can come back tomorrow and play more!”
John couldn’t think of a worse way to leave Sherlock. He forced a fake smile. It wasn’t great, but if would fool the others all the same.
SH: Then I am fine, nothing to worry about. -SH
JW: This may be the only time I look forward to someone judging me.
“Yeah, go pretend ta be into ‘im! Tell ‘im ya’ wanna take ‘im right there in the woods and ya’ just can’t wait because he’s so damn pretty! Get ‘im all excited ‘n worked up ‘n then leave ‘im high ‘n dry!” Milo laughed.
“If you were expecting it, they couldn’t really do that unexpectedly could they?” John teased.
“Yeah, suppose.”
SH: Bring chap stick.
SH: I will be the judge of that.
They made their way back to the sandbox quickly, watching for approaching big kids. Once they arrived at the kingdom, John quickly explained the layout of the land, telling Sherlock where he could find the shops and the bakery and how to get through the forest to a hidden lake that would be their special spot.
Sherlock stared at him, still wary of his intent, but highly curious as to how much of what John was saying was true. Reaching his hand to meet John’s, he gripped it and allowed himself to be pulled into a standing position. As he stood, John watch the dark curls on his head bounce, thinking how soft they must be and how smoothly they would flow through his fingers. He had never notice just how much taller than himself Sherlock really was. Without letting go of his hand, John smiled and pulled him into the tree line and a few paces into the woods.
Shaking his head, John stood up, “Absolutely not. I can’t do that to the kid.”
“That’s our John Watson! Glad ta ‘ave ya’ back,” Milo hollered with a slap to John’s back.
Deciding the woman was most likely Sherlock’s nanny, John tried to step in between the two. Even if it was just pretend, he promised Sherlock he would be the knight in shining armor and protect him from the bullies. And the nanny was definitely a bully.
“No!” Sherlock whined as he tried to pull his hand out of the woman’s grip. “I’m going home with John! He said I could sleep in his bed and he would protect me from the monsters in the closet!”
Sherlock. Sherlock could be the point. If they worked out, he wouldn’t need friends. He’d have the only person worth having, at least in John’s opinion.
“I really hate to say this, but I need to go,” John sighed without moving from Sherlock’s hold. “The guys are waiting for me to break your heart.”
“Oh,” John said as if only just realizing how much of the light had disappeared. “You’re right. I think my mummy is making vegetable soup for dinner. You'll love it!”
He rubbed at his right palm with his left thumb, pressing in roughly as his nerves grew. What if Bennett got the wrong information? What if Sherlock didn’t like him, or worse, if he wasn’t into boys at all?
“The ones in the closet and under the bed,” John told him. “Does your nanny not send them away?”
“True, but did he fall for it?” Bennett asked him as he slung his arm over John’s shoulder and turned him to look at the place in the tree line he had just emerged from.
With a simple shake of his head, John answered the question. “No. What is it?”
“Because I like you, too,” John said without thinking, wanting to get it out before he lost his nerve, “and I don’t want to ruin any chance I may actually have with you.” He extended his hand further towards Sherlock, shaking it to get his attention again.
“Yeah, tell him to close his eyes and then disappear so when he opens them, he’s all alone, like the looser he is,” Carson added, earning a high five from Milo.
SH: Yes. -SH
John sighed and thought for a moment. Moving his hands to his neck, he removed a long cord necklace from around his neck by pulling it over his head. “My mummy gave this to me. When I’m scared, I hold it in my hand and it makes the bad things go away. It will keep you safe.” he said as he tucked it into Sherlock’s free hand.
“I’m Sherlock.” the boy answered. “I’m five last week.”
“What kind of things do you say?” John asked, curiosity piqued.
“Nothing,” John said as he sat back and raised his arms over his head in a stretch before settling his hands on the back of his neck, “let the poor kid have his crush. It’ll probably fade out in a week or so anyways.”
Sherlock nodded, “We could go to mine once the coast is clear. My parents won’t mind.”
Carson smirked and crossed his arms, a mischievous look masked across his face, “So, what ya’ gonna do about it, Watson?” The other boys turned to look at John, anticipating his answer.
“What do you see?”
Sherlock frowned. “But who will protect you?”
“A nanny is a mean lady. Most of them are old, and they make you take baths and wash your hands and sends you to bed with no stories.” he informed John.
“If we are going to be friends, I need to know your name.” John said.
SH: John. -SH
JW: Oh, they will be well prepped tomorrow.
“Ok,” Sherlock agreed. He quickly wrapped his arms around John in a tight hug to say goodbye before being pulled away towards the other end of the park where a long, black car was waiting.
Huffing a quick laugh and shaking his head, he assured, “Not if I can help it, and not if you take my hand and follow me into the woods there.” He nodded to behind where Sherlock was sitting and offered his hand to help him stand.
Slinging his arm around John’s shoulder and shaking him lightly, Bennett leaned in, his smile widening. “No, this one’s different. A real interesting one: tall, dark, mysterious, makes all the others look boring as hell.”
Bennett shook his head and smirked wider, “No he hasn’t.”
Pointing in his direction, he made sure the others saw him too. “Sherlock is sat over there under that tree. I’ll tell him I want to speak privately and get him to follow me into the tree line. I will do it there, but you guys can’t come watch.”
SH: Why wouldn’t I be? -SH
John huffed a small laugh and smirked, continuing to read his book and paying little mind to them as Carson walked over to join the conversation.
Nodding, Sherlock slipped the necklace over his head. Once it settled into place, he made a small fist round it. “Ok. I will give it back when you can be there to protect me from the monsters.”
“No, you idiot,” Bennett scolded, “hush up before you start bringing a crowd over here.” Sobering again, Milo and Carson leaned in closer to hear Bennet. “I’ll give you a hind, they’re not the type you usually go for.”
“I just told you, I don’t know.”
The boy’s careful eyes looked over John quickly. “I see that your daddy drinks a lot. Your eyes look tired. You probably stay awake at night because he is yelling. You have a big sister. She's nice to you and probably plays with you. Your mummy wears pink lipstick. It smudged a bit when she kissed you goodbye before you came here.” He pointed at John’s cheek. “Right there.”
“Is this okay?” John asked as he felt his own heart rate speed up. Earning only a nod as confirmation, he gently palmed Sherlock’s cheek and pulled him closer. John was careful to watch Sherlock’s reactions, not wanting to jeopardize what he was about to do. When they were only a breath apart, Sherlock’s eyes closed softly, and John took that as his answer. He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, not moving until he felt arms wrap around him in return.
JW: I AM SO SORRY! I HAD NO IDEA!
, John thought to himself.
John stood at the edge of the playpark until Sherlock and his nanny were out of view. Once he could no longer see them and he was sure the monsters wouldn’t get Sherlock, he turned to run home, hoping his mum wouldn’t be too mad at him for being late and not allow him to go to the park again tomorrow.
JW: Yeah, until tomorrow.
They both smiled at the ridiculousness of themselves before Sherlock spoke. “Okay. Tomorrow, here, after practice.”
JW: Yeah, of course it was.
Seeing his distress, John reached over to hug the boy tightly. “Don’t worry. You will come live with me, where they can’t get you. And you can sleep in my bed with me so you won’t have to be alone. I know how to fight them now.”
SH: Until tomorrow.
Frowning, John let go of his death grip on Sherlock’s arm. He turned around so his back was to the nanny, a sad look on his face. “Sherlock, you need to go home.”
Milo rolled his eyes dramatically as he leaned back, “Please, we’d be more interested if ya’ said you knew of someone who didn’t ‘ave a crush on Watson.”
“Oh.” John felt sad for the boy. Deciding he wanted to be his friend, he pulled himself up to sit next to him on the bench. “Well, I wish I could do that. I think it’s awesome! My name is John and I’m seven. If you come to the sandbox and be King of my kingdom, I won’t be able to kick sand in your face because you could send me to the dungeon. And you can tell me more cool stuff.”
Another shrug from the boy. “I say what I see.”
Raising his eyebrow, Sherlock inquired, “Are you and your friends going to beat me up now? Try to ‘set me straight’?”
JW: I’ll see you tomorrow then.
JW: I will try not to be.
SH: Yes, but it was an act, was it not? Besides, I was just fantastically and properly snogged by the captain and, dare I say, most attractive player, of the rugby team. I have no reason to not be okay. -SH
“Yeah, it will probably be you!” Carson hollered as he pointed at Milo.
Milo punched John’s arm lightly, “Com’on, Watson. It’s just a little joke. ‘E’ll get over it ‘n be back to ‘is bitter self in no time.”
“Sherlock is coming home with me where I can protect him and he can have bedtime stories! I promised him!” he said as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s arm which was being tugged by the nanny.
He had kissed a few girls who were taller than him, but this was entirely different. John had wondered if kissing a boy would feel different than kissing a girl, and it did, but it was the most glorious change. The girls he had kissed before had kissed with ambition and determination. Sherlock kissed with gentle curiosity and purpose. It was warm and soft. It felt right, like he finally understood everything there is to know and nothing else would be able to measure to half of what Sherlock did.
SH: I’ll see you tomorrow.
Careful to not kick over any of his work, he scrambled to his feet and made the daring quest across the playpark. He fisted his hands as he walked, willing himself to look bigger than he really was, attempting to ward off any big kids who may fancy picking on him. John wasn’t small for his age by any means, but he was one of the younger kids playing today, only seven years of age. He hoped the boy on the bench would also be the same age and agree to help rule the kingdom.
“True, ya’ gonna ‘ave ta do better than that! John here ‘as dated any type you could ever think up!” Milo joked.
“Yes, I know who you are,” Sherlock said coldly without moving his eyes from John, looking at him with mild suspicion. They were the coldest blue he had ever seen, absolutely mesmerizing in a way he could easily find himself happily drowning in if allowed to. “No need to introduce yourself.”
SH: Stunning? Most wonderful? -SH
Bennet stood from the bench, putting one hand on John’s shoulder and using the other to animate his speech, “Look, John, really, if you think about it, you’ll be doing him a favor. Let’s say this thing lasts for a month, a few months, or even until we graduate. That’s seven months’ time! You don’t do anything now and he spends all that time pining, hoping that may someday, you will notice him. But you never will. Isn’t that the worse thing to do, leading him on like he has a chance?”
“I think I’d rather take my chances against your friends,” Sherlock responded, eyeing John’s offered hand warily.
John quickly rubbed his hand over his cheek to remove the evidence. “Wow, you’re really smart! That was cool? Can you do it again?” he asked, wanting to see what else the boy knew.
“My mummy won’t care,” he said as he turned the wood chip over in his hands again to study it, “She will just have my nanny wash me up before dinner.”
JW: Sorry. Ok, but only if you stop signing your text.
“Why would you want me to play with you? Are you going to kick the sand in my face?” He spoke quietly and appeared mad.
“Just think all the months of pining ya’ saved ‘im from, John,” Milo snorted, “’E’ll go home, ‘ave a good wank to get ya’ out ‘is system, then move on ta the next bloke.”
“I don’t know!” John exclaimed, throwing his arms upwards before letting them fall back to his sides. “Look, just, shut up for a minute. Okay?” Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead, he pushed his book into his bag and leaned back against the tree, crossing his arms over his chest and studying John. “Okay, this isn’t why I came over here.”
“Who is Mycroft?” John asked.
“So, your saying you don’t know yourself?”
The urge from moaning and making quiet and undignified sounds dissipated.
shouted Sherlock
Sherlock shut his eyes avoiding Lestrade’s gaze. His drool had started to mix with his lip injury and dripped a line that traced down a red streak, gently running down to his aching manhood.
"Because you picked Brontë!"
“I don’t think you realize that Sherlock might look sculpted in marble, but you are the hand that knows how to hold the chisel.”
“No Lestrade, we’re not flirting as you mention so mundanely, we’re
All of the different sizes with different techniques and poses. Seventeen works of art beautifully framing the perversion of which the body and human mind are capable.
Lestrade came followed by a hoard of paramedics.
John pulled back his head closing his eyes, leaving both arms hanging stiffly at his sides. He was determined not to fall into his own desires, this wasn’t a safe space anymore; there wasn’t an agreement for things keep happening outside their meeting locations when the four of them were together, watching each other’s back, keeping each other’s secrets.
“Stop, moving my stuff!”, shouted Sherlock from the other side of the room, still rumpling and leaving a mess at his wake, “It was right here… I’m sure”.
– grinned Lestrade while coquettishly waving his foot towards Mycroft.
- Mycroft looked at him with the corner of his eyes.
“And this time please put clothes in there; nobody needs old test tubes, Sherlock!”
“It was a secret, you twat. A secret!” John shouted, rapidly approaching the table.
– Sherlock stood up and tried to return the phone –
He took all of it in his mouth and couldn’t help at gasping when the car made an aggressive turn and he held on the first thing at his reach … partly to keep balance, partly because it was the perfect opportunity to do it; and Mycroft Holmes wasn’t a man who missed opportunities.
"He knows I'm ok with everything.", Sherlock huffed, proud.
None of that bothered Mycroft, so why now he felt like screaming?
– he started mentally begging for John to ask more about it.
Sherlock’s eyes were full of tears; not by fear of sadness, merely by his body responding to the urge of breathing and releasing … much more to the “releasing” part. Who the fucked needed oxygen when you were that aroused?
“Mrs. Hudson; it’s not going to make any difference if we take the boxes tomorrow, yes! We’re on it … turns out he has more coats than I expected! … yes, tomorrow morning, yes 8:00 a.m.; I’ll bring you biscuits!”
After a deserved moment to catch his breath, Sherlock finally spoke, wrapping his arms around his lover’s torso.
Mycroft pressed speed dial 1.
John released Sherlocks hair as he stood up to stripping himself, didn’t feel the cold anymore. He ripped Sherlock’s underwear with a new strength he didn’t know he had, releasing Sherlock’s cock giving him a few strokes, erecting it a bit more but mostly milking out a bit of pre-come he used to lubricate his own entrance. He shrugged in anticipation as he placed himself over Sherlocks cock, aligning it before impaling himself. He didn’t even have to adjust to Sherlock’s tightness, this was the purest and rawness sensation he ever felt.
“Well, more sweet illegality for me” Greg grabbed two more gummies, “Mycroft, you’re someone who could start a civil war because his eggs weren’t poached correctly, and yet you feel horribly guilty about something that until half an hour ago felt like the most natural thing.”
Fortunately, none of the models was drooling copious amounts of semen on their fellow men or losing grace and style; everything was perfect and beautiful.
John sit and lifted Sherlock face to him.
– John could’ve come in that instant just by the deep tone in Sherlock’s voice.
– moaned Sherlock while moving his hips at the same rhythm of John’s thrusts
was aimed at a certain detective idly blowing his coffee.
John scoffed at the affirmation, the nerves. He thanked the gesture but surely, he stopped being pure a long time ago.
“I miss being 20 … everything hurts.”
“Fuck off”, said John without looking away from the window.
– said annoyed. He opened his umbrella and covered Greg and himself while waiting for the car to arrive –
– John muttered.
John entered the room carrying a vintage doctor bag. He pulled out an old blood pressure meter; and put it around Sherlock’s neck. He started pumping the small valve, as it constricted his partner’s throat more and more with each pump. Sherlock whimpered as air wasn’t coming so easily anymore; there was a thin layer of sweat all over his face. He shut his eyes trying to ease his breathing … calm himself down.
Sherlock arched his back at the intrusion and held on tighter.
John whispered.
But that perfect moment occurred aeons ago.
"It's fine. This space was meant to serve only for my entertainment, but now this
Sherlock remained firm on the spot, waiting for John to react; this was not a battle he was willing to lose. Not this time. His mum would be proud of him.
"No, you can throw yourselves on the floor; If we're going to get
With this question, four extremely busy and stressed men began a six-hour talk where an agreement was reached to reserve a whole Saturday night, a month, for the sole purpose of “help each other to unwind” … using quite unorthodox methods. They decided unanimously that the best place to carry out their recreational activities would be Mycroft’s place at Crusader House, in Pall Mall.
He could swear to hear winged deities chanting as the object of his midnight poetry approached.
“Pure.”
"Why not?" Sherlock defied, "Don't you …"
After a moment that felt like hours, Sherlock’s body began tensing with the promise of release, ready to make a mess all down John’s jaw and throat, best case scenario, filling his nostrils and making him feel dizzy. Just moments before the blinding whiteness of his exploding orgasm, Greg took John’s jaw and kept him in place.
At Mycroft's quiet command, several hands reached out, stripping him of the many layers of clothing he was still wearing.
Mycroft sipped the most pretentious coffee in the world, careful to fill his mouth more than necessary and swirl the still hot enough liquid around every corner of his mouth. He swallowed some, saving the rest to moist Greg's chilly cock.
“Mycie!!!” –  Sherlock called again, louder.
Lestrade released Sherlock’s neck from the restrain as John collapsed on his stomach, panting, exhausted. He licked Sherlock’s belly right before standing up to pull up his clothes.
“Can I stay over?” Greg's voice sounded far away somewhere in the room as he was probably looking for his pants.
Once again, the older Holmes felt a rising sense of duty burning through his chest, the same duty that kept the damned country on its feet. He wasn't going to abandon his mission unless his hand fell off, perhaps from spending hours painting… perhaps to help keep such specimen's prick from getting cold. Did the room become suddenly hotter? It probably did.
Mycroft knew it wouldn’t take long for the sound of Greg worried steps to follow him.
“-but I’m not sure if I’m entitled to tell it.”
(so, so, so much!). Perfect circumference to hurt if there was no time or desire for proper preparation. If it's true that fortune favours the bold and said ex-military cock decided it wanted to invade enemy territory by introducing "peacefully" into the anatomy of another man; it couldn't be done using just one or two fingers. John Watson was something in need of a special task force operation plan.
it took them twenty-five steps to get to what everyone thought was nothing more than an abandoned attic.
Mrs. Hudson always had a wonderful habit of helping those in need at Christmas; even her two bitter tenants who, without knowing it, was about to help them take a new step in their relationship; or maybe she did know it.
“Oh! Are we finally on the go with
He repeated the sequence, until Sherlock’s legs were completely parted, and his pants were no longer a safe barrier for the rising erection he couldn’t seem to control, obviously. John paused his train of thoughts to look at his flatmate right into his eyes. He just nodded, still breathing heavily, full of anticipation and secret untold desires. John lowered his gaze to Sherlock’s crotch and leaned down to lick it; even with the fabric covering it, he felt a shiver roaming down his spine as his tongue slowly licked all over his length. Sherlock let out a soft moan.
John smiled and hugged him back, leaning down his head into Sherlock’s neck crook, memorizing every bit of his scent. In some other time, he would’ve mocked him for being such a snob and use that ridiculously expensive cologne. He couldn’t really put a name on what he smelled, but it was some sort of manly floral blend.
They picked Sherlock up as best they could; he was practically a puddle of moans and groans begging for permission to come.
“Now’s not the time to finger-point! Especially since you should be the one asking for Mycroft’s favour since you two have been sucking each other’s dicks for six months now and I’m the one who has to bear it!”
. Which he was…
John winced while trying to move to a sitting position, “Shit, I think you broke my back”, resenting the weight of the years and inevitably, the weight of the man riding him senseless until a few minutes ago. He would need a chiropractor, a psychiatrist, but most of all … alcohol. Tons and tons of alcohol. The pain was manageable, but the shame of getting old was unbearable.
“Oh no, not me. But Lestrade has grown very fond of someone who does.”
“Hardly.”
It turned out inside the flat was Mr Saunders last gift to humanity.
They cheered and made a toast, not for such a corky context as “friendship”, but for secrets and the peace of mind of having taken a weight off their chests. Four grown men taking care of their impulses. All of them being quite drunk when leaving the bar, but all too stubborn to admit it.
“I don’t care in the least what they want to give Craig Saunders; this one will hang in our living room; now ... here is the packing tape?”
John obeyed Mycroft as a sore Sherlock articulated his mouth enough to regain the mobility of his jaw. If looks could kill, his brother would’ve been dead by now. How dreadful this was not an intellect competition, besides, he hated to admit he was a bit concerned of what was coming now that he made that terrible joke about his brother’s sexual potency a few minutes ago.
"I need a drink." and without stopping to think if his guests would need more than just their will to stay alive, he left the study.
Lestrade tended to be the mediator between all of them, one with a fairly short amount of patience.
But before John could protest, Mycroft licked the small salty drop at John's glans.
They threw Sherlock not so gently as a frankly stunned Mycroft, gripped the charcoal so tightly that it seemed about to break it. He watched his younger brother grotesquely writhe against the surface of the expensive sofa, as both Lestrade and John charged against him.
“Are you hungry? I could get someth …”
Sherlock hummed as he tried to rock his hips to brush against anything! Being like this, with John whispering in his neck was as exquisite torture. John kept licking all the way down to Sherlocks nipples, never releasing the strong grip of his hair. Nibbling slowly as his other hand wandered all over Sherlock’s torso. Ironically, the sensation of each small scar under his fingers only made him harder. He felt he was going to have a heart attack if he didn’t do something.
“I am a little confused.”
“Cow milking?”
“I would love to make all the work for you; make you realize how wonderful you are, all the bravery living within you; but I can’t … first because I don’t know how, and second because it won’t work unless you cross that tunnel … so, we’re going to cross that tunnel, John; together”
"Yes, John, please do it" Mycroft's tired voice echoed.
"Don't make me pretty please or I'll use my wildcard."
As Mycroft did so, Greg took the chance to peek on how good his arse looked in that black suit. The car started moving and they sat in silence for about two seconds before pulling each other into a frantic, desperate kiss.
Probably not, but he kept that idea in the confines of his mind for future reflection.
_______________________________
“Was he always like this?” he ventured to ask without really expecting an answer.
They rubbed against each other panting in anticipation. John left Sherlock’s neck for a second to attend more important matters, such as Sherlock’s lovely cupid’s bow. Their kiss was so needy, small peeks between smiles and smirks. It was sensual and tender in a perfect mix. John released Sherlock’s arms, and the detective rushed himself to wrap them around John’s neck, pulling him into a deeper but kind kiss.
Greg grabbed him by the waist from behind and nuzzled the nape of his neck, slightly rubbing against the fabric of Mycroft’s expensive shirt. Where those things meant to endure the perspiration of more than a day of watching live-action orgies in the name of altruism?
"Don't you dare."
– he couldn’t help the smile spreading all over his face.
Sherlock just nodded.
"I'm sorry?", Greg didn't expect that plot-twist between their little battle of wills.
Sometimes the bubble needs burst only to re-inflate magnificently, and you … my dearest, keep failing to recognize that it’s ok if your bursts much sooner or frequently than mine. Now, would you please let me take care of you?”.
“Wouldn't be the first time I've managed to turn you on with my… how you call them?”
Lestrade whipped away the sickening fluid, as he unfastened his bet and pulled it off. He hit Sherlock once in the ribs, one more inside his left thigh, and one more again in the ribs (just to make sure he felt it). Finally, he raised his leathery weapon of choice and swiped Sherlock’s face with all his strength. A small trace of blood appeared in his lower lip.
The two ran up the stairs, stopping when they saw Sherlock standing in front of John's chest of drawers. They could not see what he had in his hands. Lestrade took the bet.
“This is what you signed for!”, he spat, “The fact that you think so great of yourself as a self-sacrificed prick who thinks can save everyone around you is …”, he visibly was struggling to avoid stuttering, failing miserably, “… why do you keep having this need … this … this….
“My mood” and with a final patronizing look, he tied another piece of cloth around Sherlock’s eyes, tugging a bit more than necessary, lingering a bit on Sherlock's long pale neck, feeling his sudden pulse-rate increase; and oh how they loved to do that, combine lust with medical semi-useless knowledge.
John broke the perplexity and walked in a hurry to take one of the paintings.
, better get used to having sore knees."
It had been two months since John left.
– said Lestrade.
Lestrade kept walking toward the building while giving him a middle finger. He didn’t turn back. Both men had to admit they hadn’t had much fun in ages.
"Oh no, Dr Watson all of you are going to fuck relentlessly until your cavities are sore and chaffed… "
– he couldn’t help smiling.
Something thick tugged John’s hands behind Sherlock's lower back… he could keep hugging his ridiculously tiny waist or just let himself go to land on Sherlock's crotch; either way, no matter how he tried, it was useless trying to free from it.
– Sherlock wasn’t even mad at them, he was furious with himself for not being enough for John to stay alive.
He turned just in time as a very frantic and edged Sherlock punched him on the cheek, making him trip over, just barely maintaining balance by mere willpower, anger and expectation, this was the invitation he had been waiting for ages. He was so going to seize it. John approached the detective, took him by the head and banged him against the wall. The look of shock in Sherlock’s face was incredible; what was he expecting then? John grabbed him by his shirt collar and slammed him against the kitchen table, knocking off all Sherlock’s mad scientist paraphernalia.
"Yes, now … something absolutely out of the table?"
“Those are not valuable, when I came back from Afghanistan and started therapy, the doctor suggested me to keep journals, supposedly, to be able to heal myself since she was not making a progress. I think she was worried I would get cancer from all the resentment and anger. It all started with napkins during tea time and escalated to … this.”
-referenced-sofa.
“Youthful tricks!” Greg smile irradiated sincerity; he just had the gift of being a safe space personified in a tanned French-Brit body.
As it tended to happen during emotional times, Sherlock was speechless.
“I’m keeping it, in case you change your mind”
Finally, Sherlock’s numb hands released the grip and the paramedics took their chance to pull John out of his reach.
said Sherlock, smiling.
“Then get creative”, Mycroft hushed.
– pleaded John, and Sherlock slid in another finger and couldn’t help to pull John’s hair a bit as he took a rougher rhythm bouncing on John’s lap, near to come as well.
The debauchery display made John lunge at Greg.
“It’s not like I’ll use it again soon”
Apparently, Greg’s pulsing cock got the hint. He decided it was a perfect moment to communicate with his brain by rewiring a few neuronal connections linked to unsearched themes in porn sites.
He continued sucking him while the world went blank, in a symphony of raged breaths accompanied by John's heaving chest. He kept preventing Sherlock to retreat, and vigorously pulled from Sherlock’s hair for him to look up straight in the eye, "Swallow me", he tightened the grip, "Can you do it for me, love?", he pulled his head to one side sucking a bruise on Sherlock's pale neck, "Can you?".
Where Mycroft needs very specific anatomical references from naked men.
There was something delicious in the expectation and to see how they fought for who was going to be the lucky winner, the chosen one who would fill him. Was someone gently carrying him as a princess?
His nostalgic memories were interrupted by Greg's voice.
John returned his hands to trace the little but perfect musculature in the detective's figure, taking the time to go through each harmonious line which suggested a bold, supple strength. The reward for spending many years running along with the only person capable of turning each day into a mad dance of fear and excitement. In every wound, scar, or mark, Sherlock's body was a testament to the wonder of sharing his witticisms. With his cock brushing Sherlock's tailbone, John realized he was holding him much tighter than necessary.
Despite the apparent chaos, everything was entirely under control as the fire truck sirens grew louder. A few curious neighbours stationed across the street were broadcasting the morbid show for enjoyment of their few Instagram followers. No casualties, only material collateral damage; for a second, it was a justifiable excuse to admire the beauty within the abstract distress. Reddish and yellowish colours danced along the melody of burning wood.
John and Mycroft came at the same time.
“Give me drag”, he said while extending his hand towards Sherlock.
"Irrefutable statement, fantastic. Now John, same as Greg; slow firm strokes, I need to see how the veins stick to the membrane… oh, lovely! lovely colour and already leaking a bit, may I?"
A loud groan interrupted the kiss.
"Yes, I'm ok with that…"
Sometimes the tip of each finger managed to brush against John’s prostate; other times, he just felt a slight tingle at the entrance.
“Do you like it? You like my sumptuous cock hitting your tonsils?”
His neck was bruised, his face beaten, his lip parted, but all their needs… satisfied.
Sherlock seemed perplexed at John’s statement.
Greg chuckles were an unequivocal syndrome of how Craig Saunders's cursing against
– would suffice for John to understand his plea, as he felt how his capacity to formulate coherent sentences fell apart.
Sherlock’s voice came like a distant echo interrupting Mycroft’s thoughts.
He held out a hand to Sherlock for him to do the same thing. Sherlocks hands were freezing cold and his face a bit paler than usual.
He blindfolded Greg as well, giving him a peck on his way back to the seat. He still tasted like the delicious combination of menthol, semen, and probably cherry gummies.
Kindly, Mycroft declined the offer; that week was the 78th time he tried to quit, maybe this time he would succeed. After a few minutes and mesmerized by the sound of burning tobacco, he considered trying one more time for the first time next week.
This was just Sherlock and him like old times, just that now … even when he was resisting, his cock wasn’t cooperating that much, succumbing to Sherlock’s touch.
Mycroft sat on a near sofa as he pulled out his member and pulled back his head, relaxing a bit before the storm. Sherlock approached dog-like, keeping his gaze down as he placed between Mycroft’s legs. With and unknown ability until that moment, Mycroft lifted his right leg letting it rest on Sherlock’s shoulder as the other was standing firmly on the ground, reminding him not to lose control before his little brother.
Sherlock didn't seem to care. Was he really so confident in John that even to hurt him, she seemed to enjoy it?
Mycroft could defend himself, but the fictional butterflies in his stomach differed about the correct way he supposed should react to the inspector's voice.
"No chance, mate."
Mycroft's thumb moved from Sherlock's temple to each cheekbone, caressing, until it reached his lip; teasing the soft skin making his mouth open involuntarily letting escape a soft whimper he probably didn't know was holding. Then, unexpectedly, Sherlock licked it.
"Check the yoghurt pot! There’s the vial!”.
With a hand on his forehead, tangled sweaty curls, flushed cheeks, and lips cut from bitting too hard … the younger Holmes attested the perfect pose and scenery for a Renaissance portray; a cherub dropped to earth experiencing carnal pleasure and sin for the first time.
_______________________________
“Of course, I gathered six boxes of books” – said while proudly showing his boxes.
There was no response from the frowning figure in front of the telly. John wasn’t looking at it, his blank stare wandered to the pouring rain hitting the window, “John, get up”.
They were panting, face to face.
Sherlock nodded.
asked John.
“I said pure, I didn’t say virginal”, he jerked his head forward to look down at the figure now expecting between his legs,” There is an Oriental say… a man is whatever room he is in, and nothing more.
"Out, get out!"
“It’s just a cramp.”
“Your uniforms too? Wasn’t it a soldier’s most precious possession?” – Sherlock seemed a bit confused.
He took out a piece of cloth and tore it to shreds… approaching the bed, confident that his mere presence would put the act on hold; he tied it around John's eyes.
He waved the package in front of Mycroft's nose, who was too busy savouring the delights of tar to ruin it with saccharose.
"But you're ok with cum?"
” – Sherlock seemed about to throw up, not sure if by means of the alcohol or his own words
Sherlock batted his lashes before asking, “For
And that was it.
On the surface, Greg seemed like a man cast far away on the blind-spot of life, blessed with a huge warm heart and soul but with an even more huge and warm penis. The naked epitome of beauty, an Adonis for which Caravaggio and Rubens would've died on a knives duel for him to pose. How could someone in his late 40's manage to look so good? There was no use in questioning the universe wise desires as the silver-haired perfectly toned legs marched in his direction; muscles clenching under everyone's now evident scrutiny.
“Are you drunk?! my tonsils are not up my arse!”
John kissed Sherlock’s chest wildly while holding him and pressing his back against the wall.
“I’m sorry about what I said, it’s not in your head… at least, not just there … sorry to belittle it.”
After waiting for Mycroft to brew the most pretentious coffee in the UK (
John grabbed him by the wrist before he could get further away and pulled him until he was sitting on his lap, stroking him, guiding his hands between Sherlock's thighs to snap his attention, flustered, whispering: "You still like this, don't you?”, while tightening the grip on Sherlock's cock.
“Come on, John … you are going to pay me in cuddles and Jaffa cakes.”
He squeezed the valve again, Sherlock moaned louder and closed his eyes, gasping for air as his hips banged the bed with every single thrust. John was holding Sherlock by the hip as he was about to come. He felt so hot from the inside, his body irradiating warmth as John’s drips of sweat fell on Sherlock’s neglected prick.
Greg spun Mycroft and kissed gently, slow and tender at first, progressing into lustful bites and nibbling.
