“What the fuck? No! I wasn’t masturbating… I—It’s not that.” He instantly regretted letting those words leave his mouth. Dean thought to himself that it probably would have been easier to go with that lie. He shouldn’t have said anything to contradict Cas’s thought process.
Dean pulled his hand over his face. "You need to check it other than when the almighty sticker tells you to check it. Most of the time it's okay, but with older models like these, they can burn through the shit and they can do it quick. You got a rag or napkin or anything in there? I'll teach you how to check it and see how much it needs."
"You're so smart. Maybe you should be the specialist, huh, kid? Which one do you think you're at today?"
Dean nuzzled closer and yawned. “Well, I ate my breakfast and only used my special cup, like Daddy said. I cleaned my room up, like a good boy. I took a shower. I looked at all the nice things Daddy bought me. I took a nap… And I got scared. I’m sorry I didn’t finish my list.”
Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end, and Bobby's watch alerted them all that it was time for he and Sam to get back to righting the world's wrongs. Castiel nodded and shook their hands again as he walked towards the cash register. He left Dean and Sam by themselves while he and Bobby paid.
"That..." Dean's voice became impossibly quiet. "That we're true mates."
"Where is he, Roche?" Dean sounded surprisingly calm.
Dean eventually came out of his brand new nest later in the evening for dinner. Cas couldn't stand to wake him up. The omega had burrowed deep within the blankets and was cradled by pillows on either side. His softened expression and Bee's eyes were all Castiel could make out of the piles of new nesting materials. His inner-alpha swelled with pride. What a wonderful mate he had.
Dean nodded his head fiercely and began hiccupping because his sobs were so strong. Castiel looked back to Charlie and motioned with his head for her to go. She nodded and mouthed "sorry," as she left.
When Dean said he "worked" for Alastair, he actually meant it. "Oh," was all that Cas could say.
Cas moved his lips to the other side of Dean’s throat but kept his hands firm. “I want pie versus cake debates while we shove each other out of the way to use the sink first.”
Dean startled. "What? Why? You said you weren't leaving me. Why would you--"
"Dr. Roche, may I ask why you took this patient's therapy aid away?" Castiel felt like ripping this man to shreds.
Dean huffed. “But-“
"Oh, I can shower just fine on my own."
"Yes." The couple said in unison.
"Hey, man, if this is really how you feel, then I'm not going to a damn thing to stand in your way. I'll give his case over to Garth, but I'm looking at your latest report and it looks like he may need what- one more of speech therapy? Maybe two of muscular?"
Castiel withdrew slightly. “Then tell me, who is my special boy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas could feel Dean nod against his shoulder as his lips found Cas's scent gland. He kissed it softly before licking over it. He was almost reverent in the way he drug his tongue over the small area over and over. "I can taste it. Taste you. It feels right." Cas just hummed in affirmation as Dean continued to lick over his neck. Eventually, the licks turned into soft suckles as the omega drifted off to sleep.
Cas's rolled his eyes. "Yes? And?"
Castiel nodded slowly. "I understand that you think that."
Castiel was certain that if D heard his thoughts about "snuggling" with the bee that he would have his head on a plate. No, he was sure that D considered this to be something much more "grown-up," like protecting the bee from the hands of Dr. Roche. It was admirable.
While Cas got together sandwich supplies and Dean dozed on the couch, the alpha couldn't help but to become angry at Alastair and Roche. He thought back to his initial conversation with Gabriel regarding Dean. He thought about how Alastair referred to him as 67 instead of his name. He thought about how Dean's inner-omega shut down and still refused to come out of its shell. He thought about Dean aggression and shyness. His confusion and his hurt.
Daddy stroked his cock a couple of times and kissed his forehead. "Good boy."
Cas groaned and pulled Dean's face to his. "You naughty omega..." He kissed Dean and lifted him up enough to put them both on the bed. "We're going home in half an hour. You couldn't wait for us to get there, baby?"
Cas felt like he was going to be sick. Having no scent was something that you heard about in an upper-level college class to make sure you prepared before going out into the field. It was the most extreme thing that professors could think of to throw at you to make sure you really wanted this career. You never heard of it in real life. No one lost their scents. Only in extreme cases of abuse and neglect did a patient's scent diminish and even then, there were faint hints that lingered. "How... how did this happen?"
Castiel finds out about D's physical health.
“If you don’t follow the rules, then you will be punished, little one. However, if you are my good boy all day, which I know you can be, then I’ll reward you. I’ll make you forget your own name because you will be flying so high, baby.”
"Nothing's wrong with Dean's health, okay? So take a breath." Castiel tried and failed. "He threw something at another nurse when they went in to check on him. Then, he tried his best to take out his IV and get out of the ankle cuffs."
Dean slowly made his way out of bed, putting one of Cas’ t-shirts from his dresser on as he went. “Daddy?” Dean called into the living room and kitchen. Daddy wasn’t there. Hm. He walked into the kitchen. Nothing. Where was he? Dean needed his Daddy. Where had he gone? He needed to talk to Daddy, to Cas, to know that everything was still okay.
(Also, this chapter contains 100% of my automotive know-how.)
"I'm an unmated omega." Dean whispered as he kissed Cas slowly. Cas smiled in response and pulled Dean into his chest. He kissed the top of his head and let out a breath that he forgot that he was holding.
"Yea. It has to be slow. Anyways, back to the letter D. I called him 'omega' which most people don't care about, right? People refer to designations all of the time. That's when he got angry with me. Fuckin' growled."
"Are you fucking serious?" This was the first thing Dean had said to a staff member. He stood and pulled Sam up from his seat. He hugged him tightly and Sam returned the gesture. "Nice to have you back, Sammy."
>>To Cas: Imma try, daddy.
"Turn over, baby boy." Cas' breath was hot in his ear as he forced Dean to turn over so his back was pressed against Cas' chest. He moved them around until his cock was between Dean's thighs. Cas then put his arm around Dean and gave him his thumb back. "Much better. Daddy likes those things so much that he had to get closer to your special place."
Thank you for your support of my first fic!
Dean shook his head and smiled as he got out the milk and a granola bar. "What do you want, Daddy?" That'll be one way to wake him up.
"Easy, tiger." Dean gave a small smile.
Dean shrugged. "I'm not making promises that I know I can't keep." While Sam tried to seem stern, Dean tried to seem carefree and confident. Castiel knew otherwise, but Sam seemed convinced.
Gabe exhaled loudly. He paused. "Do you think he'll talk again?"
"I will be back tomorrow. Would you be okay with me reading again tomorrow? I got to a great chapter."
"I'm so excited. I think I might pee." Dean was drumming his fingers on his knee and trying to catch a glimpse of the clientele already in the building.
"Hey there, just call me Bobby." The lawyer smiled, but did not extend his hand. Castiel was so glad that he was well-versed on Dean's needs.
Dean looked at him with a sleepy smile and took the plate into his hands.
She paused. "No, we had no idea."
"Yes, absolutely. If you look at different fMRI and CT scans on people who have experienced abuse, you will see that having a strong bond with a mate can help their brains... wake up, for a lack of a better term. This has been documented more with omegas than other designations, so I was not surprised by his quick improvement. His body needed much more time to heal."
With this, Castiel stood up and walked towards the doctor. "Excuse me?"
After far too long, Cas was straddling Dean’s thighs and placed the phone where Dean could check the time whenever he wanted. “Are you ready to begin, love?”
"I don't wanna go to work."
Finally, after nearly three of the longest hours of this life, Dean was off of work, had driven home, and was unlocking his...
"Yea, that's fair. But first," Dean looped his arms around Cas' middle and spun him around. He barricaded him against the kitchen counter with his larger frame, "I love you and I hope you had a wonderful day."
As Dean turned his back to Castiel, the alpha couldn't help the shiver that ran down his spine. Dean had came such a long way in his recovery, but the scar tissue on his back showed that his pain was far from over. Cas was quite surprised that he was so comfortable undressing with another person in the room. Although, if he was never given a hint of modesty while he was held prisoner, it may feel nice to decide when and where he got to disrobe.
“It’s worth it, baby. I have plans for you. Plans for my little boy. And all of them end the same way… you covered in your own cum with something filling up those holes of yours. That’s what you want isn’t baby? To be nice and full for me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked through the tiny window in the door and saw the omega look in his direction. Then he rolled his head to the other side to look out of the window again. Castiel took his acquiescence as a good sign. Before settling into his chair for the day, Cas began placing some items on the nightstand where the omega could reach them. "I thought that you might like something to hold or entertain yourself with today. I have some stuffed animals," Cas placed a plush bee, cat, and giraffe on the table. "I also got a couple of puzzles and a coloring book. You can use any of these at any time that you like." He put the two block puzzles down and hoped D wouldn't be offended by the 2-4 years of age notice on each puzzle. If he could read it. However, it seemed that the omega wasn't going to look at anything that Cas had brought. When he looked at the omega, his eyes were closed.
Cas passed over the plate and the napkin and Dean's eyes widened as the food got closer. "I'm going to need you to make this at least once a week from now until forever."
Dean went still. He whimpered quietly.
"Well, I will go there tomorrow and see what I can do to help. Just know that having an omega-care certification doesn't make me a miracle worker. I won't give up on him, but please do not expect him to be ready for a trial or anything like that any time soon. Or ever, for that matter."
That was how Castiel found the two of them ending most of their days together that week. It was domestic bliss. There was really no other way to describe it. The threat of the trial was looming in the back of both of their minds and Cas could always see a police cruiser in front of the house, but this was as close to perfect as his life had ever been.
D seemed to shy away at the compliment before studying the chart closely. He looked at each option carefully before moving on to the next one. His mouth twisted and his eyebrows furrowed. This was an exceptionally difficult task for someone of D's communicative level. Identifying and labeling emotions was quite the tall order.
A quick conversation between our boys.
Dean listened and began grinding back onto Castiel's face. "A... Alpha... Cas... I'm... I'm so close, please..." His once deep groans were now high-pitched gasps and pleas.
He felt Dean roll over and lay back with his head at the foot of the bed. Eventually, when Cas opened his eyes, he wanted to come again when his eyes landed on Dean. The omega was lounging with his legs parted slightly, slick shining over his thighs, and his cock lying on his stomach. Cas's come covered his chest. Dean smiled lazily as he drug one of his fingers through the mess and brought it to his lips. "Fuckin' love you."
"You mean between the time I opened my eyes ten seconds ago and now? No, I can't say that I have."
She let out a labored breath and turned towards the nurses station. Castiel turned back to the room. He looked in the window and saw D looking expectantly at the door while holding his bee. Cas couldn't help but give a small smile.
"Gabe?"
Cas nodded and yawned. "Man, those chairs are more trouble than they're worth."
Dean let out another choked gurgle. "F---"
"Cassie, what's new with the kid?" Gabriel jogged to catch up and immediately began looking through cabinets for anything with carbs.
Dean didn't speak. Instead, he continued taking deep inhales of Castiel's scent. A few moments passed and Cas sure that Dean was asleep. However, a timid lick over Cas' scent gland told him otherwise.
"So, I lived on the street for maybe a month or so. It sucked, but at least I was on my own. Well, I picked up some bad habits along the way, if you can believe it." Dean began picking at his nails. "Lockpicking, mostly. I got good at it. Real good at it. It's how I got food and soap and whatever else I needed. Did that for the whole month. Then, I went to this one house. Pretty modest, but there was a big TV inside and I figured they had some food to share. It was stupid to go to house, but I was desperate and there was too much heat in the city. Halloween was coming up. Extra patrols."
Dean held onto Cas' hand as tears threatened to form as they walked from one end of the apartment to the other. Towards Dean's room. Towards the end of it all.
Dean didn't stop except to speak. "Please?"
"Yea, a job. With room and board. When you're a sixteen-year-old with no where to go and no roof over your head, you don't even ask what the job is. So, I said yes."
He started the water and felt himself instantly harden beneath his boxers. He pulled them down slowly, enjoying the drag down his cock. The fact that his Daddy had included something so sexual in the note made Dean’s whole body happy. Cas wanted this to become even more intimate—he had to want that! No one wanting a platonic relationship would include that in a note. Right? Right.
"Yea. I love you, Dean Winchester."
Castiel coughed. "Of course. Do... do you need help showering or can you manage it on your own?"
“Can I hear the end of the story, pretty please?”
He didn't see Dean in the kitchen or living room, so Castiel assumed that he was in the bedroom. Sure enough, he heard the sound of Dean stripping out of his jeans, so he left him for a few more moments. When Dean didn't come back out of the bedroom after a full two minutes, Castiel walked in quietly.
"Yes, please. Tell me anything that I can do to help you put this bastard away for as long as possible."
"It gets so much worse, dear. So, so much worse."
"Well, someone braggin' about me woke me up. C'mere, Alpha." Dean moved over and let Cas sit on the bed. Dean laid his head back on Castiel's shoulder as the alpha wrapped his arms around Dean. "You're not in trouble, are you?
"Yes!" At the sound of his name, the beta perked up. Dean leaned forward to listen. Cas was simply amazed at how well the two got along. It was almost surreal. "It's for a random liberal studies class about genetics. We were talking about genetic probability and I wanted to do some digging into my family history. As I mentioned yesterday, I was adopted when I was three. I'm doing some research into my birth parents. I haven't found a lot."
"Yes, love?" Cas tried to continue massaging Dean's feet, but the omega moved so that he was sitting with his knees to his chest.
"Dean? Castiel?" The woman looked expectantly between the two of them.
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He absent-mindedly scratched the top of Bee's head. (Bee's permanent home was by Dean's right side.) As he exhaled, Cas could notice the tremor in his breath. "Okay, well, I guess I need to start from the beginning, huh?"
"Yes, I think it makes sense. Especially after everything that happened with Roche and having to stay somewhere else last night. I think you need something a bit more than my scent alone."
"Hey, alpha. Got a question for you."
"No, Dean. Nothing like that." He shook his head and crawled over so he was straddling Dean's waist. He could feel Dean's cock pressing against his thigh. "We've been going pretty fast lately, haven't we, baby?" As he spoke, Cas drew his thumb down Dean's cheekbone to his mouth. Dean sucked it in and nodded.
"You, too, Gabe." Castiel shut the door and began getting ready for an extended stay with Dean.
Charlie gave a small smile and gestured for them to go into the hallway. Cas looked back at D who had his head craning to see what was going on. "I'm only going to borrow him for two minutes, okay, buddy?" Charlie gave D a thumbs up and he gave her another angry growl. Charlie turned to Cas, "Well at least he didn't throw anything at me this time."
Dean kept his head down, but Cas could see his smile. "Not my boss, huh?"
"Fuck yea, Alpha." With that, Dean turned around a grabbed the body wash.
"I know. I'm... I'm sorry I keep cutting you off, man, but I went through this same process an hour ago. This kid has all the same bruises as the other victims, but it's clear... objects were used on him. The evidence that was around him shows that. Just... toys... all around him." Gabe shivered. "No one touched him while he was there. No one gave him any sense of humanity. He was... just an object to them. From what we can tell, he was one that Alastair took a sick, special interest in." Gabe rested his head against his chair and stared at the ceiling.
Dean most certainly did not whine like a puppy in response. “I don’t know if I want to be filled with anything other than you.” Way to go, Winchester. You are officially the bitch in this relationship.
Cas waited for his inbox to load. He looked over the first couple of messages from work about a new case he needed to begin working on in two weeks. Then, he saw, miraculously, that Singer had responded. "Yea, baby, he emailed me back."
"Yea, mom and dad would've helped, but I wanted to do it on my own. I am seriously regretting that decision right now." Sam locked the doors and smiled as they walked in Castiel's direction. Sam was wearing clothes that fit today instead of his internship suit and Cas saw a striking resemblance to he and Dean's attire. Flannels, tees, and jeans.
After what seemed like an eternity, Gabe sighed. "I'm not saying this to judge you and persuade you otherwise, but how do you know if you can't smell him?"
Cas shook his head. “Baby, I understand why you didn’t finish. You were so scared. But you were brave! You are so brave.” Daddy pulled him closer and Dean huffed. He had to be honest. He would feel like shit if he lied to Cas.
Daddy was about halfway through the book when Dean began having a classic Winchester moment. He started getting nervous that once he was “Dean,” again instead of Cas’ baby that things would never be the same. He had never felt this level of peace and it scared him that it may be taken away from him. He couldn’t imagine anything or anyone else bringing him this much pleasure in his life. He had had some serious relationships before, but none of them held a candle to the man he was pressed against in that moment. Dean could not let this slip away. At the same time, a small part of his brain reminded him that Daddy knew what was best. Cas was his best friend. This experience would never intentionally harm Dean in any way. Cas would ensure that. However, no matter how much he tried to convince himself, he knew this would eventually slip away from him. Everything good in his life ended too soon.
"Thank you, Charlie. I look forward to working with you." Castiel smiled and turned back towards D's room.
When Dean woke up, it was to silence. Complete silence. The fan had shut off. “Freaking short in a wire, I guess.” Dean though. However, he noticed he could not hear the fridge running or the heat… “Fuck.”
“I love you. Now. Finish cleaning me up so you can cum.”
Next chapter is going to be a.... who knows chapter? i've got a couple of ideas. Let me know what you think! This thing could go in any direction.
He thought about the possibility of Dean’s rejection while he brushed his teeth.
"Okay, so then you probably are further up here in the four or five area. Ten is like the worst pain in the whole world and one is no pain at all."
"Not them. Every..." Dean took a deep breath and shook his head. "Everybody." With that, the omega gathered up Bee in his arm and rolled over away from Castiel.
Dean grabbed Cas' chin and turned his head so they were looking at one another. He poked Cas hard in the chest and smiled. "My best Cas."
Dean washed his hair and body strictly from muscle memory. He wasted no conscious thought on cleaning himself. Instead, he focused on Daddy. It would be this hot if Daddy was in here, even if they used cooler water. It was easy to slip into the fantasy. He put the pacifier in his mouth and sucked.
Now Castiel was very concerned. Had one of the hospital staff mistreated Dean? "I am so happy to know you think I am good. I think you're good, too. Why are the hospital staff bad?"
“It’s all okay, sweet boy. Everyone gets frustrated, we just have to calm back down. You are such a good boy for Daddy.”
"I love you, too."
"Your drink will arrive shortly. Do you require anything else, your grace?"
"Well, I was thinking that maybe I could soak in that big garden tub that I saw and you could take a shower at the same time." Dean blushed. "I, uh... I don't think I want to be in a room by myself right now."
"Castiel Novak." He threw the ball back.
"If letting you watch Batman is all that it takes to earn your love, then I am one lucky alpha." Cas chuckled and pulled Dean down into a kiss. "Love you, too, Omega. Can't wait to get home with you. Really sleep for once."
" Castiel couldn't bring himself to care about his thoughts or professionalism.
D nodded firmly and pointed to the one again.
Dean's smile returned. "Really? Like what?"
Dean nodded. “Um… Daddy?” His voice was softer than before.
Cas didn't say anything as he quickly rinsed out his mouth and brushed his teeth far too quickly. He had to hurry, though. He had a hungry omega on his hands.
"Not that I can tell. Temporary bruising in his throat, but it should go away with time. We see that often with victims of sexual abuse. I'm sure you're aware of that. Good day." The doctor turned to walked away.
Dean could swear that Cas growled. "Mhmm, baby. Daddy loves that, too." He moved his hand back up so Dean could suck a little more. "Next is letter B. Blindfolds, begging, bondage..." Dean was certain that he shivered at the way Cas' voice dropped at the last item on that list.
Upon hearing her name, the ODT cook, Ellen walked out of the storage room. Castiel believed that she was either taking inventory or impatiently waiting for them to show up. One of the two. She smiled a big smile and hugged Castiel tightly. "Of course, I did. My boy is back where he needs to be. Not to mention this handsome gentleman you brought with you." Ellen stepped back and waved at Dean.
"Yes... well... my parents are, but they earned it. I haven't earned it yet so I don't feel comfortable using it or the perks that come with it. I decided to make an exception." The beta continued scuffing his feet along the tile.
Cas couldn't respond as he used his slick-covered hand to jack his cock a few times before coming into his omega's mouth. As he finished, Dean kept his mouth open and licked the tip. As his omega swallowed and smiled, Castiel felt no worry, no dread, nothing. He only felt love and lust and his Mate. Dean's eyes stayed closed as his head turned to the side and he began drifting into sleep.
"I've got this one. Man, what're the odds, huh?" Bobby shook his head as he handed the card over to Ash.
The omega must have heard Castiel's compliment because his cheeks were flaming red when Cas walked back into the room. Cas decided to change the subject before taking his place back in his chair. "Hey, D. Do you want me to find us something on TV now or would you like to rest?"
"Oh, you're gonna make me? You're so big and bad." Dean smirked and nuzzled into the crook of Cas' neck and shoulder. How was it possible for a person to even smell this good? He smelled like his spicy aftershave, a little bit of his citrus laundry detergent, and a lot like sweat. It was yummy. Dean loved a challenge as much as they next guy, but how he was supposed to not submit to this perfect specimen of a man was beyond him.
"28th, 2004." Dean whispered and Cas could see the tear falling down his face.
, he did
Dean’s laugh quickly changed to a moan. “Oh, really?”
"Fuck 'em." Dean laughed and pulled away from Cas. The alpha just smiled and stared as his mate walked to the other side of the room to put on his shoes. How did he get so damn lucky? "Fifty seconds, alpha."
With that, Dean sat up and tried to catch his breath. "You dumb ass," he took as deep of a breath as he could, "I love you so much."
Dean didn't open his eyes. "Surprise me, Alpha. I'm nowhere near close to done in here."
"Yogurt and honey it is, then, D."
The nurse began to say something, but an alert from another room had her running before she had a chance to respond.
However, another person entered the room, making the office quite cramped. "Hey, sorry, they were out of paper towels." The young man turned and stuck his hand out to Castiel. "Hello, sir, I'm Sam Wesson. I am interning for Mr. Singer and I am very interested in this case. I hope you don't mind my being here."
"Wonderful."
"Nah, not really. Makes sense."
"You're just gonna have to deal with it, man. You're biologically obligated to deal with this now." Sam laughed as he threw a clearly well-worn tee shirt.
Wellll i wasn't planning on adding another chapter today, but I had to or I wasn't going to be able to go to sleep. Thank you all so much for all of your comments and kudos. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it!!!
Castiel caught the remote and set it on the armrest of the chair. He glanced at the kid and saw that he was staring out the window. He could feel that anger just like he had the day before. He walked quickly to catch up with the doctor. "Excuse me, Dr. Roche?"
Huh. That was unusual. Cas generally would talk Dean into confessing everything- just like he had done earlier that day. He never left him. For some reason, that made Dean’s heart ache. He sucked his thumb harder. Whether he heard Dean’s “no,” or not, he would stay, if past experiences are anything to go on. But, now he knows Dean is a freak. Of course he would leave. So much for human comfort. He pushed the digit in further and sighed, finally content.
Castiel thought for a moment. He would never allow something so personal during a routine case, but this was far from routine. He needed Dean to stay calm and to not develop separation anxiety. Leaving the coat was a better option than giving in to Dean's desire for Castiel to just never leave. "Sure, bud. You can keep my jacket."
Dean laughed as Cas gave him a cold water bottle from his night stand.
"I don't wanna get up." Dean whined and nuzzled deeper into Cas's chest.
"Excuse me, I'm here to see the patient in room 327. I am from the Omega Defense Team. I am his rehabilitation specialist."
Cas was a bit surprised in the change in conversation. "Yes, we are."
"Alpha..." Dean kept his eyes locked onto Castiel's as he took one step forward. He carded his fingers through the alpha's hair and pulled it so their foreheads were touching. "My Mate."
"So, I went and met his boss." The tears fell. "It was Alastair."
Castiel pulled himself further. He could finally see inside. Dean was facing the door on his knees with Roche standing in front of him. His back was Castiel. Dean's hands appeared to be bound behind his back. He had a small cut that was beginning to reduce to a trickle of blood on the left side of his forehead. Cas could tell that he was fighting to stay still.
“Do you want Daddy to mark you, baby boy? Mark you with his cum? Today isn’t about making it last a long time, sweetie. It’s about showing you that Daddy can use your hole and he can cum all he wants. You are daddy’s little boy. Daddy’s toy.”
The nurse gave a small smile and nodded. "Of course, Mr. Winchester. Mr. Wesson, you will need to sign a form stating that you give consent to have another person in the room."
"All name?"
"Hey, D, once the nurse comes in to give you some more pain meds, would you like to flip through the channels and see if there are any shows or movies you would like to watch?" D smiled that award-winning smile and looked at Cas like he had hung the moon. He nodded once and gave Cas's hand two quick squeezes. "Wonderful, I'll go ahead and call the nurse."
"I'm sorry, Daddy," Dean smiled and pushed his hips up to meet Cas' thighs. "Daddy... you make me feel all warm inside and you make me feel like my special spot is all empty... I just want it to get filled up. I'm sorry that I was bad."
"Hmm... you bent over, gagged, and trying your best to beg for my cock. But, I guess I'll take Cheerios today." Dean turned around wild-eyed as Cas got out his coffee mug.
Dean looked at Cas through hooded eyes and realized that Cas owned him. In this moment... in every moment... Cas owned every part of him. Cas kept staring as Dean pushed up and groaned loudly. He began picking up momentum and slammed himself down over and over on the toy. "D-daddy! Need more... needa cum..."
Cas shook his head and looked back at D's room. "Also, our patient has a request for some yogurt with honey. Is there any way we could get that for him?"
"Cas, he may bring up testifying to Dean's mental and physical state, but Dean, you won't have to testify about anything. Cas's reports should be enough and our lawyer thinks that it wouldn't be the smartest thing in the world to throw you up on a witness stand."
"Yes, I believe that happened to him while I was here yesterday."
Sure, the trial was coming up, but Singer would handle that. No, he couldn't smell Dean yet, but it would come. All of the little mundane inconveniences like remembering to pay the water bill, what he would cook for dinner, and how he was going to fit everything on his to-do list into his schedule rolled off of Cas's back and down the drain. Nothing else mattered except that he and Dean were safely together.
"To say the least."
D was staring at the TV with tears in his eyes. He looked quickly at Castiel and then back to the screen. "Hey, hey, what's up, D?" Castiel sat down beside him and D grabbed his hand without looking. "Did something sad happen on TV?"
Dean looked up and nodded. "Well, I want to hang out with him, then."
Dean gulped and stared.
Dean just cackled as he turned out of the parking lot. “You love me.”
"Well, I guess I've got one question."
Cas squeezed his hand. "We can get you one."
"Well, you are most welcome. Thank you for being a perfect Mate."
Castiel tried to keep his composure. He wasn't sure if he was sad that he couldn't smell Dean, angry that Dean had kept this from him, or absolutely elated that this perfect man was (apparently,) his. "What do I smell like to you?"
A slight shiver ran over Dean. Cas could feel it.
Of course, Dean nodded and then watched as Cas did something he didn’t even realize was a fantasy until that very moment. Cas picked up the pacifier off of the nightstand, ran it through the cum on Dean’s back until it was covered, and stuck it towards Dean’s mouth. Dean opened quickly and sucked down the flavor. Daddy’s taste all over his tongue. It felt so fucking good. It tasted salty, but it also had a hit of something that could only be described as “Cas.”
Cas grinned. "But at least we won't get arrested for public indecency."
"And I won't let him forget it. Anyways, our love has always been an easy one. Jobs came easily. College came easily. Money came easily. Children, though... that blessing is one that we could not have on our own. We tried for years. Nothing. We even applied for IVF, but our alpha/beta status kept us from qualifying. So, naturally, we looked into adoption."
“Yes, sir.” Dean was sure he looked silly as he sucked angrily on his paci. He looked even sillier when Cas removed it and he chased after it with an even angrier look.
"I love you." Dean smiled wearily and his eyes filled with tears.
"N- I don't fucking know!" Dean grabbed Cas by his collar. "All I know is that you could have any fucking person on this planet. Why are you settling for a broken douche-bag like me?" At this point, Dean's words were weak and his grip was weaker.
Oh, great. Here it comes. Dean seriously could not take this. He could not accept losing this. This was a one-time thing and Cas was going to end it. He had taken away his paci. It was done. Dean turned over and held his blanket tight. He couldn’t help that tears started to form.
"Dean..." Cas looked him up and down as the water fell over them.
Dean closed his eyes for a minute before sighing. "Yea, I guess. Normally, I have nightmares about... you know... the last couple of years." Dean shivered and Cas reached out to hold his hand. The omega gladly accepted the comfort. "But, today... today it was of when I was little. My dad."
"Enough food? For me and you?" Castiel asked while he poured some syrup over his waffle and berries.
"D... I'm gonna..." Cas tried to warn the omega, but instead of moving away, Dean positioned himself on top of the alpha so when Cas came, it covered his chest. Cas's hips jerked and he felt himself cover his omega.
“Yes, Daddy!” Dean quickly got into what he was now calling “his spot,” at least in his own mind. Cas quickly pulled him close and pushed his pacifier to his lips. Before accepting it, Dean whispered, “Love you, Daddy.”
Dean sat up and began walking towards the kitchen. He looked around, panicked when he didn't see Cas any where. What the fuck? He needed to know where Cas went. "C-cas? Dude, look, I'm sorry. I fucked up."
Dean rolled his hips. "Sleep?"
Cas hummed quietly. “Sucking your thumb, hm? I can see how that would be considered therapeutic. Children must enjoy it for a reason.” Dean just stared at him. Are you kidding? Could this guy be any more attractive? He was okay with this. He didn’t push Dean away. “However,” Cas continued and Dean looked up shyly from his spot on the couch. Here it comes. Some remark about how he needs to grow up. This friendship was going to end soooner rather than later. “Sucking your thumb repeatedly for this many years does not go without consequence to your oral health.”
Cas could practically hear Dean's mind screaming at him that he had fucked everything up. "Nothing is wrong, baby. I just want to do something a little differently. That's all."
"I kind of like that, Daddy. Maybe not all of the time, but I like your hand there. It feels good."
Cas let out a breath that he didn't know he was holding and picked up a fluffy towel from the bathroom counter. "I'll warm you up when you get out. I've got some comfy clothes picked out and a bed waiting for snuggles."
Castiel hummed in agreement. "That's true. But, D also looks like other letters to a degree. It looks like the top part of a P and a backwards C with a line. Also, I have no idea if this is truly the first letter of his name or if it was just a letter he recognized. It's very possible that he saw a sign or poster every day of his imprisonment with a capital D in the words. It's also possible that he just liked the letter. It's not a very reliable response. I just know he seems to prefer the letter D to any other letter and he certainly prefers it to 'omega.'"
Roche gave a dark chuckle and moved his hands to his belt. He looked up and laughed, "Oh, Alastiar certainly does know how to find a good bitch."
The redhead turned around with frenzied a look before giving a quick smile. "Hey, Castiel. Nurse called out today. I'll catch you later. Sorry!" With that, she turned, grabbed a chart, and began speed walking down the hall. Wow, Dr. Roche was right. They must really be short staffed. "Oh, and Cas- your boy's bloodwork will be back in a few hours," Charlie called while walking backwards to her next patient.
Dean nodded. "And it's only 1:30."
Castiel gave a small smile. "It's not a problem. I was wondering if you have noticed anything about the omega I'm visiting."
“Dean, this is no joke. How often do you suck your thumb? You could be developing, or have already developed, serious issues with your teeth. Perhaps even the roof of your mouth.”
Dean cackled and tucked Bee under his arm. "Okay, fragile ears have been covered. Now get on with it."
Dean rocked his hips back and forth until he couldn't hold it back any more. "D-da.... Cas!" Ropes of cum shot out onto his chest as he shook above that fucking perfect tongue. That orgasm was better than back when he could cum in his pants when he hit puberty. It was the perfect amount of teasing and the release was everything he needed. Cas' tongue didn't leave his hole. He just kept licking.
“Yes, Daddy. I understand. Promise I’ll be your good boy.”
With that, Dean’s orgasm ripped through him and left him shaking in his Daddy’s arms.
He fantasized about Dean willingly submitting to him while he gathered his things.
He didn't know any of the details of Dean's imprisonment, apart from the abuse that Gabriel had described. He didn't know how long Dean had been tormented. He didn't know where Dean came from. He didn't even know the kid's last name. Cas found himself, for the thousandth time, doubting his ability to help Dean. He was healing so rapidly that Castiel found himself more confused than anything else. How could this omega heal so quickly and completely? How could he be so comfortable with Castiel after experiencing such extreme abuse? Nothing made sense in the early morning hour.
"I need a doctor imme-" she stopped her running when she saw the two on the bed. "What the fuck, guys?! Did you forget that homeboy here is hooked up to a damn heart monitor? For the love of all that is holy in this world, I swear, if you scare me like that again-- I will... I don't know." She was huffing and puffing around the room. "I will put laxatives into that damn yogurt you like so much!" She stormed out and they heard her make a muffled "false alarm" announcement.
"Does that mean you want to tie me up, Daddy, and make me beg you for you to touch my special places?" He felt Cas' cock twitch against his leg. All he got was an affirmative grunt. "I like that idea, Daddy. I guess don't need to move unless Daddy lets me. Babies don't move around too much, anyways."
A smile crossed his face as Cas clicked his pen and prepared to write some quick notes. He hated writing in complete sentences- he saved that for when he typed his notes. Gabriel always questioned why he didn't just type them to begin with, but Cas enjoyed the feeling of a smooth pen gliding across the paper. It just seemed more... official, for a lack of a better word. He looked over the notes he had already written the day previous.
Cas finished before Dean and walked over to the shower as Dean finished up as well. He turned on the water and tested it a few times before getting in.
"How I went to work for Alastair."
Suzanne hugged Dean tightly. "Of course. Of course. You are part of this family, Dean Winchester." She cradled the back of his head as he hugged her back. "You always will be."
"Well, there's plenty of space in our room. I spend most of my time, or I spent most of my time, in the living room."
With that last sentiment, there was a knock at the door. "Mr. Novak?"
David chuckled. "She saved me from a giraffe licking me in the face at the zoo."
"Yea, sweet boy. I think it will be a very good day. Now, why don't we go watch an episode or two of some TV before it's time to go?"
Dean shook his head. His demeanor changed. He sat the ball on his lap and leaned against the pillow. "'m not... Not wonderful."
Dean nodded quickly. "Yea. Zepp."
"I like rom-coms."
Dean nodded his head and buried himself deeper into the covers. "Bad, bad, bad."
Cas breathed out loudly. "Yea, but no... 'poking' me, okay?" Both men chuckled. "Just use it to relax, okay? Don't get more worked up, sweet boy."
"Did he talk?!"
"Wow, that is amazing! I knew we had sent some uniforms into that building on Seventh Street, but I had no idea they had actually found something. Please, spare no details! I can't wait to hear how you coordinated a sting on that bastard." Castiel was absolutely beaming from the news, but he was a bit confused as to why Gabriel wasn't celebrating. This was a huge win. Not only for the Omega Defense Team, but also for omega civil rights groups, eqaulity initiatives, and really, all alphas and omegas throughout the country.
Cas just smiled as he kissed Dean's hair. "It's easy to take care of you."
"No problem. You can head on up." She smiled and returned to her computer. As Castiel was walking away he heard her call him again. "Hey, ODT-man! The doctor added an order that all visitors need to check in at the nurses' station before heading in. Right now, it's for every visit."
"Well, this... kid. I swear he's probably only 22 or 23. Anyways, this omega will probably need upwards of two years."
Sure enough, when Castiel opened the closet door, Dean was sitting on the floor with his knees to his chest. The omega was squished between some boxes and the wall. It was not a big closet by any means. He was wearing his boxers and Cas's hoodie, which seemed to be his preferred outfit. Bee was tucked under his chin and his head was turned away from Castiel. Regardless, Cas could tell that Dean was crying.
"As much as I would love to just talk with you after seeing you cum in front of me in there and put me in my fucking place, I think I need you a little closer to my cock than that. I need
Castiel rummaged through his dresser and found some lounge pants and a much-loved AC/DC shirt for himself. For Dean, he knew he had a few totes of Dean's clothes that he had bought the day he was released from the hospital, but he had a feeling that the omega would prefer to have something with his scent on it. So, he got Dean a pair of boxers from one of the totes and one of his old pullovers from the back of the closet. As far as pants, he picked out a pair of new jeans as well as a pair of flannel pants. He would let Dean choose that.
Cas hung up the phone quickly and ran back into the bedroom. "Baby, we have to go, okay? We're going to stay at the ODT headquarters for a little while. Gabriel, the lead agent on your case, said that Alastair told him that Roche is one of his men. We have to get you safe."
"Yogurt with honey it is, then. I'll be on the phone with the cafeteria while she helps you out, okay?
Dean always liked Cas like this; a little rough around the edges, usually because of some asshole at work, his hair sticking up more than usual, and his glasses on because "those contacts were feeling more and more like sand."
The aftermath of Roche's visit.
"Dean, it was this weekend."
"I told you, sweet boy. Whenever you are ready, then you let me know and I will be more than happy to put a bite on your neck." Cas rolled onto his side so he could see Dean's face.
"If you go, there are two outcomes. You find out that they didn't adopt you because they didn't know you existed or that were brothers. If that happens, I'm sure that they will sweep you into their family. If you find out otherwise... that they did know... then I'll knock out the dad, call the mom a fat, ugly bitch, and we leave."
"No. Just suck." Dean laughed again and held out his hand for the ball.
Speaking of the young man, Sam came bouncing down the stairs. "Mom, I told you to wait for me!"
Dean held out his hands and help Cas stand. "Yea, but, maybe we could take a nap before we do anything else? I really just... I just need you to hold me for a while." Cas nodded and led them over to the bed. He smiled as Dean took the clothes he had picked out and sat them on the nightstand. "Later, okay, Alpha?"
"Yea, but let me get some more good news first." Gabriel's scent changed to something slightly sour before he took another bite of his candy.
So, Dean put his plates in the sink and carried his sippy cup with him to his room. It wasn’t that bad. He stood there looking at the mess and thought about how to tackle it. Truly, all that needed to be done was make the bed, clean off the desk, floor, nightstand, vacuum, dust, start laundry… Okay, he got Cas’ point.
Dean gave a brief wave as they pulled out of the parking lot before doubling over with his head between his legs. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck..."
Dean began laughing. "Nah, man. You've got a leak somewhere, because this engine is bone dry. It's probably a busted gasket head or something. Not a terribly hard fix. We'll get you some oil and on the road in no time. It'll hold you over until you can get to an actual mechanic."
"I agree. Let's do it. Also, I don't have a lot of extra blankets in the house. Do you want to get some for nesting?"
"You can't make me."
"Wonderful." Cas decided to leave the conversation at that. It was so easy to forget where Dean started just a number of weeks ago. Full conversations, excellent social skills, and introductions to multiple strangers in one day was something that Castiel had originally hoped would happen within the first eighteen months of their therapy. He was overjoyed and beyond proud of Dean. However, every person had their limits and his sweet boy needed some rest. To be honest, he did, too. It is quite difficult to absorb so much new information in one day. Especially information that carries the weight of the news they received today.
Castiel dropped his bag on the floor. In the same instant, his hand lifted Dean’s chin and looked into his eyes. “Baby boy, you are so good.”
"Well, right now, as you can imagine, he is not talking at all. He screams if someone comes close to him without gloves or anything to use as a barrier between them. Poor kid, they probably found some sick way to condition him into thinking touch would hurt him. He did eat at the hospital, but after that he's been sleeping most of the day. I don't want you going there until tomorrow, but it sounds like you've got your hands full with him. I don't have to tell you, though, that until he gets touch and forms a bond with someone- literally the most basic of acquaintance bond will suffice with this kid- his mental and physical state is just going to get worse."
(See the end of the chapter for
"See Sam again?" Dean tilted his head to the side and cuddle Bee close.
Castiel let his thoughts wonder to Dr. Roche. He was still angry at him but he really couldn't blame him for his behavior. No one in recorded medical history had survived this long without touch. It was more likely for a person stabbed through the heart to survive with no complications that for D to come out of this hell he was in.
"Why this job?" Dean threw the ball.
"Rimmed you?"
"Why's that?"
"I sing to myself without realizing it." Dean's smile grew as he pulled Castiel over to the bed.
“Which one did you break?” Cas began stalking his way over to Dean while licking his lips.
"I love you." Cas returned the favor and brushed his nose over Dean's.
Dean nodded and his fingers laced on the back of his neck. "I'm kinda nervous, man."
"Oh, Dean, I look forward to wearing your bite on my neck."
Dean's put everything out in the open. How is Cas going to react?
Cas watched from the couch as his boyfriend walked into his bedroom with a little extra pep in his step. He smiled and shook his head as he walked to the room. What he and Dean share went so far beyond any title. Boyfriends? Lovers? Nothing encompassed all that he felt for Dean. They had been friends from the moment they met. Becoming roommates was a logical next step. Becoming something more is a simple progression. As Cas looked at Dean lying on the bed with his eyes closed, legs partly slightly, and his chest rising and falling with shaky breaths, his mind did that thing. The thing where his thoughts raced and he had a new idea. He knew what he needed. More importantly, he knew what his baby boy needed.
Cas carried Dean over to their bed and laid him down. He kissed all over Dean's body until Dean's voice returned to its normal pitch. "I'm okay, Daddy."
In the morning, or later in the morning, Castiel woke to hot breath on his neck. He silently pulled Dean even tighter to his side. "Good morning, Dean."
"D-daddy... it's... it's so big." Dean shivered as the head finally brushed against his prostate.
Castiel chuckled as he opened up the food tray that was brought in. "Okay, it looks like we have applesauce, red Jello, peas, and..." Cas poked at the entrée with the plastic fork included with the meal, "this... stuff." He tried to smile but D just stared at him. "I... I am not sure what it is. Want me to get some yogurt again? With the honey?"
"I hit my peak around 3 in the afternoon, too." Cas kissed Dean's forehead and laid down. He chuckled as Dean climbed on top of him.
As Dean turned to walk away, Roche tried to grab his ankle. Castiel stomped on his wrist. He heard a loud snap. He may not have had his full strength, but Roche was fading fast. The beta groaned loudly in pain, but Castiel just smiled. "I told you the day I met you, Roche. He is my only priority."
Cas rolled his eyes and began playing with Dean’s hair. “You know I love you, sweet boy. I would never let anyone talk badly about you, would I?”
The omega turned away and covered his head with one of the flimsy pillows. Cas could tell he was starting to cry from the way his body was jerking under the blanket. "I trust you, D. Please trust me just one time, okay? Just this one time." With his last plea, Cas sat down on the floor. He breathed out deeply and realized that his scent was drenching the room. It smelled like sad, concerned Alpha. A wet dog kind of smell. Absolutely disgusting. "I... I'm sorry for my scent, D. If it is bothering you, then I am so sorry. I am worried about you, friend."
Dean shivered and licked the fading hickey on Castiel's neck. "Mmm... promise me, Alpha?"
"Fuck that." Dean chuckled. "But really... why me?"
"If you don't want to go, then we don't have to. We can go home and finally take that bath we've been wanting share." Cas moved his hand awkwardly so he was stroking Dean's stubble.
"Hey." Cas kissed his nose and that was the last word either of them said for a long time.
Castiel gripped Dean's hand a little tighter. "If I let myself slip up, then I'll have to pull over on the side of the road. I prefer for our alone time to be private. When we are at home, my omega, you're all mine."
Dean smiled and rolled over. He straddled Cas's hips. "Love you, Alpha."
As if he heard Dean’s thoughts, Cas smiled down at him. “You are so good, baby. Do you want cummies? Hmm? Do you want Daddy to make you squirt?” Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Now he was dialing into Dean’s little feminization kink. Dean knew that he had kept that well under wraps. He wasn't even too sure of it himself yet, and now here he was. Who the fuck was this man and what did he do with his quiet little Cas?
Cas nodded. He felt like he was going to throw up. This was the worst news he could have received. D was doing so well mentally that Cas hadn't even considered there were life-threatening physical problems. He glanced at his watch. "Let me talk to him. Have his care team down here in ten. I'm going to talk to him."
“I… I slept too long… I couldn’t have finished the list even if I wasn’t scared.” Dean hid his face in Cas’ chest and wanted to cry when he felt Cas tense beneath him.
With that, Sam smiled and patted Dean on the back as he walked away. "See you soon, man."
Gabe took a deep breath and rubbed his face with his hands. "We got him."
"That's good." Castiel tried to not let his disappointment show through. Dean was a victim of sadistic, long term abuse. He needed time before he would be comfortable seeing Cas without his usual layers on.
>>To Cas: You, you asshole.
"So, D, then?"
Dean didn't look over at Castiel. The alpha held the young man's chin in his hand and turned his head so they were looking at one another. "Look at me, Dean."
Dean tried to hide his smile, after all he was still pissed off, but Castiel could see his excitement in his eyes. He nodded.
The doctor came in and Castiel stood. He walked over and leaned against the wall beside of Dean. He was sure that Dean was wary of needles, even though they just needed a small pin prick on the end of his finger. Sure enough, when it was Dean's turn, he lifted one hand to the doctor and the other to Cas for safe keeping.
Dean gave a weak nod and continued sucking on his finger. Cas kept eye contact as he attached his lips to Dean's hole. He pushed up so he was sitting on his knees and Dean's hips were up in the air. The omega wasted no time and wrapped his calves around Cas's head, bringing him even closer. "Alpha..."
"You fucking dumbass! You really think that these are going to hold me back?" He kicked Roche's crotch again. "I was Alastair's top locksmith for over two years, you dumb bitch! My god, how'd you get through med school?"
"Just in case." He kissed Cas quickly. "Love you."
"You're so good."
The couple kissed frantically for a few moments before Dean slowed them down and slouched into Cas's hold. "Just, just don't leave, okay?"
One quick nod was all Castiel got. It was all he needed. After that, D shut his eyes tightly and held the bee tighter. Cas motioned for the doctors and Charlie to come back into the room. He put his finger to his lips as he pulled the chair over to D. "Thank you, D. Remember, this is just Castiel. We just need you to hold my hand for one minute, okay?"
"Best song?" Dean was now sitting up instead of lounging on the pillows. He looked optimistic and excited as he tossed the ball back. Cas was surprised that this much conversation hadn't sucked out all of Dean's energy. And the fact that he was throwing and catching the ball so well on his first try? Truly astounding.
Dean and Cas' alarms both sounded off at 6:30 on Monday morning. They both startled and messed with their phones before falling back down onto the bed.  "I guess we just need one alarm now, huh?" Dean laughed as Cas' breathing tried to return to normal.
"If you say so, baby." Cas moved his hand to cup Dean's cheek. "I want you to be totally honest with me. If there's something you are totally against, or totally for, please let me know. My job is to make sure your needs are met."
Castiel chuckled. Apparently D and the nursing staff had a tense relationship. "Thank you. He's quite the strong patient."
Daddy laughed. “Of course, baby.” Instead of the pacifier he was expecting, Cas ripped his boxers the rest of the way off and pressed them against his mouth. “Open, boy.”
part of Dean to make sure he was clean and held him as the water hit their backs. He rubbed gentle circles around Dean's rim as Dean whimpered and pushed his ass back further. He nibbled Dean's ear as Dean reached back and just held onto Cas' cock to ground him.
Things get a lil' steamy!
Dean rolled his eyes and settled his hands onto Cas's shoulders. "I know it is... I just..." he closed his eyes and let out a long breath through his nose, "I just really want those results to be positive."
He wanted to go to sleep for a few minutes. It was a few hours until Cas got home. It sounded absolutely terrible to walk back to his room. He would make Cas’ bed back up and no one would ever know. Expect him and his little squirrel.
"Yea, yea. I agree. Just hope that DNA test comes back the way they're hoping or they're going to be crushed." Bobby quickly jerked his head to one side in Sam and Dean's direction.
"But it's cool as all get out, man!" Gabe stuck the lollipop in his mouth as he backed away from Cas, but stayed crouched away from the window. "A touch-starved omega with aggression problems becomes instant besties with some random beta? That's weird. Cool as fuck, but weird."
Dean nodded and tried to hide his yawn.
“Oh, I, I don’t know, Daddy.” Dean looked down and felt his blood rising up to his cheeks. Less was going to his dick, so that was a good thing.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh at that one. Of course Cas threw that in there. He was always telling Dean to clean up his room and it was always ignored. Now, he knew that Dean would do anything he asked. Sneaky bastard. He wouldn't doubt if vacuuming the hallway wasn't on there somewhere, too.
"Bye, Lovebird."
Sooooo.... not really sure where this came from? I sat down and it just kind of happened? Okay, then. Well. Enjoy.
Before too long, the doctor came in. "Hello, I'm Dr. Roche. And you are?" He didn't look at Cas as he moved around the room.
Dean's eyes drifted shut and he wrapped both of his hands around Castiel's wrist and pulled his fingers in deeper. After a few minutes of whimpering around Cas's fingers, Dean's breathing was back to normal and he seemed obscenely content. "Liked that, Alpha. Felt good. Felt safe. Know you're gonna take care of me."
Dean's groan shook him from his wardrobe planning. He was at the bathroom door in a second. "What's wrong, D?"
Dean thought for a moment and pulled Castiel's shirt to bring him closer. "Watch more Batman?"
"So scary." Dean whispered before finding his permanent place on Cas's chest and pulling Bee in between them.
"Promise?"
Cas kept kissing his mating gland and put his finger to Dean's lips. "It's extremely unethical to get paid to treat your Mate. We'll get you a new ORS and get you a nice, permanent mark... right here." Cas let his teeth graze over Dean's neck.
The ODT station was next door to the rehab center where Castiel usually worked. A small cafeteria joined the two building sections and served primarily as an opportunity for patient's to practice feeding themselves. However, with the winter months settling in, more and more omegas were coming to the ODT for protection from the elements and they needed food. Castiel thought he heard Garth mention that he was working on a grant to make the kitchen fully staffed and operational by the end of the season.
“Fuckin’ a!” So, as it turns out, IKEA bookshelves are a bit of a bitch to construct. Dean Winchester and Castiel Novak were not exempt from this rule.
Pro tip- do not move, start a new job, teach through a pandemic, organize a major community outreach program, get a rescue dog, and be diagnosed with ADHD while you're trying to write a fan fic, k?
"Yes, but it shouldn't have progressed this quickly. You are truly breaking records with your recovery time. Might get yourself in a medical journal if you're not careful."
When he arrived on the third floor, all eyes at the nurses' station turned to him. He froze. Charlie walked over to him. "Hey, Angel."
"Hey, alpha?" Dean leaned in close to Castiel's ear.
Dean blushed slightly and Cas chuckled. "Well, let's get in there and get started. You two can get the test done and I'll let reception know that we will get the car out of the parking lot as soon as we can."
Dean quit hiding that gorgeous smile of his and nodded. "Yea."
"So, when's the appointment, again?" Dean had clarified this multiple times in the days leading up to their test.
"I... hmm... sweetheart, I want you to look at me. Both eyes."
Cas knelt down and kissed Dean's cock. He chuckled as Dean bucked up on sensation alone. He grasped Dean in his hand and kissed him slowly. "I love you, baby boy. You did so well for me. Now, I need your to come. Come for Daddy."
As the couple entered the kitchen, they were greeted by the smell of breakfast. Castiel couldn't decide which breakfast foods he smelled because there were so many. Eggs, bacon, waffles, fruit, cereal, yogurt, sausage, biscuits... You name it, it was on the counter waiting for them.
“Thanks, Charlie! We really appreciate it.” Dean followed them into the kitchen.
>>To Cas: Yea. Car's fine. Just not what they asked for. I'm just distracted.
Dean turned on shaking legs and Cas could see how hard he was breathing. Cas looked up at him and smiled before cleaning all of Dean's mess with his tongue. Once Dean was completely clean again, Cas took his now soft cock into his mouth. He sucked a few times before withdrawing it and standing up. "You... you are so perfect, Dean."
"Dad tried. He did. He did what he thought was best for our family, but that meant doing some shady shit every now and again to make ends meet. He was in a bad car wreck trying to get away from some douche bag that was hounding him for money. Died at the hospital."
"And what evidence do you need? His ability to identify his own pain level? His recognition of his name and of his own initial? His nonverbal communication? His ability to feed himself? What more do you want from him?"
<<From Cas: Thank goodness it wasn't a big mess up. What are you so distracted by?
"You need to know what happened. It's only fair that you know."
Castiel nodded in return and kissed the omega's forehead. "I'm here, baby. You're safe. You're here with me."
"Hmm, really, Daddy?" Dean smiled as he rubbed his ass back on Cas' cock.
"Yes, Dean. I am very happy. Now, go get showered."
Cas was shocked to think that Dean was under the impression that his designation dictated anything about his childhood. "Absolutely, not. The girl I told you about, her name is Ruby, and she recently presented as an alpha. She was one of my first cases so I was very involved with the family because I couldn't work as much with the actual patients. So, her mom and I kept in touch with her progress."
Cas can’t know. Cas will never talk to him again if he knows what a baby Dean really is… He certainly won’t return the feelings Dean has had for him if he found out how weak Dean is. “I… I just didn’t like the movie.”
Dean laid down on the bed and covered himself up with the blanket. Everything smelled like Cas and his bed was so, so soft. He turned to the nightstand where there was a fan. He needed some noise to help him sleep. When he turned, he saw a picture. Him and Cas at Halloween dressed up as Leia and Han Solo, respectively. He gave a soft smile. Of course Cas loved him as much as Dean loved him. It didn’t take long to fall asleep.
"Yes, Daddy! Fuck! I'm all yours, Daddy. Your little slut. Yours."
He moved to grab the back of Dean's head and all that Cas wanted to do was run in and strangle him, but he was just then able to get onto his hands and knees.
When Dean laid frozen, Cas gently pulled Dean’s hand away from his mouth and pulled him into his arms. “You’re okay. It’s okay. I’m here. I’ve got you, baby boy.”
Cas relaxed and pulled him in closer. "Always, sweet boy. Always." Cas kissed Dean's neck and pulled back to look at his face. "Do you want to take a shower now?"
"I told you, friends call me Bobby, boy." He gave a quick wink and opened the office door.
A growl. The omega lifted his hand off of the bee slightly and pointed to Castiel's chair. Then, he pointed to the ground beside of his bed.
Cas smiled and tried to reciprocate, but Dean was already stripping out his shirt and walking across the living room to the bedroom. "Do you mind if I join you?"
"What, Dr. Roche? Impersonal? Unemotional? I'm sorry, sir, but that is not what this patient needs. He needs to make new connections and this is working. He has made remarkable and unprecedented growth in the few days that he has been here. It is my professional opinion that this is due to touch therapy."
Castiel chuckled and pulled Dean further into his chest. "I'm okay, sweet boy." He kissed Dean's cheek and rocked them side to side. "I'm okay. Just missed my 'mega. That's all. I promise."
"Awesome. You're awesome."
"Thank you Gabe. I really appreciate it. Hey, I think Dean is waking up from his nap. I'll talk to you later. See you soon."
"F..." He snarled. "F..." Another groan of frustration. "Fuck you." It was quiet and strained, but it was unmistakable. Dean lifted his middle finger to the doctor and laughed a short laugh.
Castiel gave a firm nod and left his omega in the bathroom. Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit. He had his Mate in his house and he was about to get naked and they were about to do something and he was freaking out a little bit. All of their confidence was gone now that this was actually happening. It had been almost two years since he had been with anyone. He had forgotten about how panic-inducing sleeping- showering- with someone could be. Especially someone that you care for so deeply.
"And I didn't need to smell that nasty ass shirt of yours, but yet, here we are." Dean tilted his head to the side and put his hands as to say, 'I have no control over this.'
While he didn't receive an affirmative answer, Castiel took the "humph" from Dean as a positive sign. Slowly, Dean moved back to sit on the other end of the couch. Castiel couldn't be sure, but he thought that Dean might have said something along the lines of "stupid alpha being all stupidly protective."
Dean begins making his home.
"Because I love you, Dean Winchester."
"Oh, sweet boy. I'm not done taking care of you yet. Let's dry off and go have the dinner, hm? We can worry about me another time. Tonight is all about you."
Suddenly, Cas’ finger was gone. Dean whined, in a totally manly way, as he felt his hole clenching around the empty air. Cas chuckled. “Don’t worry, baby. Just getting a little more lube. I know how desperate you are to get your little-boy hole filled all the way up.” Cas leaned down and nipped at Dean’s earlobe. “I can’t wait to fill this hole, baby. It’s winking at me… begging me to fill it up. Did you know how slutty your little ass was?”
Dean couldn't speak he was laughing so hard. Tears were forming, but Cas was proud that they were from laughter that he caused.
“Fine. Anyways, I noticed that you didn’t do your laundry yesterday.”
Castiel looked at D who was leaned forward and his good eye was as wide as it could get. His mouth was open. "D, what is this about?"
"Gabe, that's-"
(See the end of the chapter for
"That better, baby boy?"
When it was just the two of them, D laid his head back on his pillow and sighed a happy sigh. He opened his eye and ducked his head, almost shyly, as Cas scooted closer. "D, I am so proud of you. You did well today, buddy. You did really well." D couldn't take his eyes off of their hands. "If you want, I'll sleep right here in this chair tonight. You don't have to let go of my hand, and Bee can stay between us, okay?"
He pointed to Castiel. "So, Charlie, as you know, I'm Castiel."
Cas dropped the food onto the nurses' station desk and held up on finger to the nurse on duty. He jogged into 327 and found D screaming while Dr. Roche was putting the stuffed bee onto the nightstand beside the kid.
"Yes, I am from the Omega Defense Team. His room number, please?" Castiel did not feel comfortable sharing any information about the case with this woman. Meg, according to her identification badge.
On the table was a sectional plate filled with the same meal Cas had, except is was smaller portions and cut up into tiny pieces. His sippy cup was beside it. So... he wasn't going to be taking care of Cas after all, huh?
When they arrived at the doctor's office, Dean was rocking back and forth on his feet. He refused to let them go into the office without Sam, because "he's just a kid and might not know where to go." Cas wanted to point out that Sam had probably been in a doctor's office before, but that didn't seem incredibly productive, so he kept that to himself.
In the early morning light, Dean looked so content. His broad shoulders and muscular legs were relaxed and he was just, well, soft. He looked vulnerable and trusting. Cas smiled as he looked down between them and saw the pacifier had fallen out during the night. He anticipated it would have. It made him very happy to know that Dean had not removed it and placed it on the nightstand. His macho-man was his sweet little baby last night and it made his confidence, and morning problem, rise.
Dean shook his head and hit his forearm with his fist. Castiel calmly wrapped his hand around Dean's wrist. "Hey, now. None of that, okay? You don't need to punish yourself. You did nothing wrong, honey." Dean's eyes flicked up for a moment at the pet name. Fuck, that habit was far from being under control, huh, Cas?
"Daddy?"
"Because I would have an extremely difficult time keeping my hands off of you."
“Of course, little one.”
Before Castiel knew what was happening, Dean was leaned over his waist, staring intently at what was before him. The omega took Castiel's wrist in his hand and moved it away. Then, he put his own hand back and began feeling Cas all over. Castiel couldn't say that it was necessarily pleasurable to be tugged this way and that, but to see his omega exploring his body was orgasmic in and of itself. Castiel let out a moan as Dean paid extra attention to the tip. "Sp.. spit on it, baby boy."
"Sleepy sex. I've never done that. Just lazy," a yawn broke his seduction, "Fuck. Just lazy and not rushed."
"Take your time, Mr. Novak." Bobby spoke softly and passed a small pack of tissues across the desk.
Dean could honestly feel tears wanting to form in his eyes. He wanted Cas so fucking badly. It was torture. He had to give the man credit, he was pretty fucking creative. Sadistic, but creative. “Open your mouth and start, baby. Genuine compliments.”
“Dean?” Cas’s voice filled the doorway.
Gabriel was right. D was so conditioned to think that touch would cause pain that he completely dismissed the thought that it could heal him. "I promise you, D. I will not hurt you by holding your hand." He paused. "The doctors will be here in five minutes. I wish I could give us more time to talk about it, but your health is in danger, D."
“Y-yes, sir.” Dean couldn’t look him in the eye. Cas wrapped his arms around him and rocked him slowly back and forth.
Their meal came and the quartet found themselves laughing, eating, and finding a bit of peace in their corner of the world. Castiel noticed that Dean's hand was no longer sweaty and that his confidence was no longer fake. Sam seemed to open up a bit more and even took off his ill-fitting suit jacket. Despite the nagging feeling in the back of their minds that something big and unknown was coming to all of their lives, Castiel was quite happy.
Castiel held his palm out for Dean to take. Instead of holding his hand, Dean gave a quick yelp and huddled closer to the opposite side of the bed. After doing this job for so long, Castiel knew an omega scared of their alpha's retribution when he saw one. While he was not Dean' alpha, he certainly was the only alpha with whom he had an attachment.
Dean opened his mouth and moaned. He felt his Daddy spit on his hole and rub the sensitive rim. He screamed through the fabric. His Daddy was about to fill him… Finally.
"Hey, there, Alpha." Dean wiped the blood off of his mouth with the back of his hand. Dean took one last shot at Roche's balls before moving back against the wall. "He's all yours, baby."
"What?"
Castiel couldn't be sure, but to the best of his estimation, he and Dean had spent an entire week in bed. No, the sun hadn't set a single time and the hands on the clock had only moved to a couple of other numbers, but he felt as if he and his omega were in a different reality. A reality where time didn't exist. A reality where they could stay cuddled close together; whispering promises of a lifetime together and declarations of loyalty.
Cas knew that Dean still had a long road to travel before he was fully well, but comments like that made him cringe. What archaic expectations were put on his mate? "No, baby. I'm not jealous. I promise you that I'm not. It's wonderful to see you with a friend and you can hang out with whoever you want to hang out with. I'll be happy to contact Sam to find a time that you two can get together this weekend. I'm your soon-to-be-Alpha. Not your boss. I just find it remarkable how quickly you were able to warm up to Sam."
“Good, little one. Spit on it for me, would you, baby?” Fuckfuckfuckfuck. Once his brain came back online, Dean nodded his head before raising up and spitting down on Cas’ cock. It made it shine and if he was just two or three inches closer, his mouth would be full right about now. “Keep going, back in your original position. You need to remember how perfect you are, baby. Fucking sexy little thing.”
"Excuse me?"
"Usually, I would agree with you. Not this kid. I agree that he needs the full-time care team at the hospital for a few months, but Cas, he was so neglected and abused... he lost his scent."
D exhaled loudly and shook his head. Oh, how could Castiel have forgotten. This omega was too big and bad to be caught playing a game. He was certainly not a baby. "Okay, that's fine. Then, maybe you would like to help me test out some other therapy aids? You're my only patient right now, but the ODT is always looking to see how effective different aids would be for other patients. It would be a huge help to get your perspective."
Cas chuckled with his voice low. He bent down to kiss Dean's ear. "When you tell me that you are ready for us to be together... to mate... sweet boy, you have no idea just how indecent I can get."
Cas swallowed. His inner-alpha would love for Dean to take whatever he wanted from him. He knew that logically, though, Dean had no experience at all with an alpha. He probably needed some ideas to help him know what he should do. Otherwise, he may start panicking that he was doing everything wrong. "Yes, kind of. Why don't I tell you where to start and you go from there, hm?"
“Fuck,” Dean whispered and grabbed his dick beneath his boxers. Daddy gave him permission. Right there in black and white, Daddy told him that he could pleasure himself. “Fuck!”
"Turn around." Cas whispered, not leaving his spot.
"Absolutely. Give me a second." Charlie walked away and rummaged through some laminated papers in a file folder. "Here is the soft foods and liquid diet visual menu. Keep it. We have more."
As he opened the hospital doors, a chime buzzed to alert the staff. He didn't even notice that yesterday. He briefly wondered what he may have failed to notice about D, as well.
Castiel sat on the back of the ambulance with Dean tucked under his arm. The omega laid his head over Cas's shoulder and wrapped the rescue blanket around them tightly. Roche was pushed past them on a stretcher. "Territorial, huh, alpha?" Dean was trying to sound upbeat, but Cas knew that he was hurt. He was hurt by Cas leaving, hurt by what he had just done to Roche, and hurt that his life outside of the basement wasn't getting easier.
“Hey, Dean, I wanted to tell you—the new rims on the Impala look great! Did you put them on yourself?”
Roche laughed. "No, of course not. Why would I go down into that filth? I do have a reputation, after all."
After a few growls at home improvement shows and looks that said "are you kidding me," at reality TV, D seemed content to watch one of the new superhero movies. His eyes were glued to the screen and his facial expressions made it clear just how invested in the story line that he was.
Castiel could see the signs of fatigue on his face, but Dean would never let Roche know how much this had taken out of him. He would never stop fighting. He would never let the bastard have the satisfaction. Castiel wouldn't be surprised if he went silent for a few days after this. All Roche would see was a warrior of an omega.
"I can change that."
Dean's sharp eyes followed her until the door closed. He smiled and looked over to Castiel standing beside of him. Cas gave a tight smile back and held his hand as they shuffled over to the bed. "This is the first time I've seen you up and moving. You're tall. Taller than me, probably."
"You fucker."
“Mhmm. I know. I like owning you. I want you to be calm and feel that way all day. We’re going to be with our friends and I want you to be your usual rambunctious self. However, you have to remember who you belong to, dear.”
Another nod. This time it was accompanied by a single tear. The tear fell down D's cheek and landed in the yellow fabric of the bee. He stuck his hand out further as if to say "just do it already."
Dean turned his attention back to the book and squeezed Cas’ waist. “Thanks, Daddy. You’re my favorite.”
Cas placed his fingers in Dean’s mouth and sighed as he started to suckle. “Goodnight, Dean.”
After the incident with Dr. Roche, things went smoothly for Cas and D. Of course D was mostly unresponsive and distant, but thankfully, there were no further screaming incidents or nightmares. As far as the yogurt and honey, Cas tried his best to get the omega to eat. He tried feeding the kid and Cas was positive that if looks could kill, then he would be six feet under. So, he left the kid to his own devices for the yogurt. It took almost an hour, but D had ate almost exactly half of the yogurt and seemed content to leave it at that. He put the container on the table beside him and rolled over to snuggle with his bee.
Slowly, Castiel sat on the other side of the bed which was plenty big enough, considering how frail Dean was. "Hey, Dean."
Castiel immediately sobered. He blinked, hopefully clearing his eyes of the alpha-red that was sure to show through. He cleared his throat. "I apologize, Dean, that was... way too forward of me. I am very sorry."
Dean shrugged. "Only other place I've ever really been. D'you like Batman?"
Had this been any other circumstance, Castiel would have laughed at D's response. He stopped breathing quickly the moment Cas touched his hand and opened his one good eye. He was quite the skeptical patient. He looked at his hand and then back to Cas without moving his head. He did that three or four times before pulled Castiel's hand harshly to his face. He stared at their hands touching for about twenty seconds before Castiel saw the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his 28 years of life.
"Wonderful. Maybe you can tell me about how you want to wind down when we get home or how you want to relax?"
"I haven't checked it recently. I just wait to take it when I get it serviced when the sticker tells me to go." Ah, another people-puzzle-solver, Cas discovers.
Dean froze and knitted his brows together as his cock jerked and he came all over Cas’ hand. He blinked twice before he saw Cas’ mixing with his own. Sounds of their heavy breathing filled the room. So much love surrounding them and the evidence of their love covering them both. Both men were too afraid to move and break this trance or give either one of them the idea that this love  went so much further than the bedroom.
As soon as Dean felt comfortable in the bed, Cas walked in. “Where’s my special boy?”
That tiny sound triggered Castiel to quickly undress and and make his way over to the walk-in shower. "Hey, 'mega." He stepped in and shivered, despite the warm water.
Dean spends time with Sam and Cas has some mixed feelings.
"Yes, ma'am." Dean stood and squeezed her hand one more time before helping Cas off of the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Batman it is. Anything else I can get you fine gentlemen?"
Suzanne turned to Cas. "So, you two are True Mates, Sam tells me."
Before he knew it, Cas was finished with the book. Dean didn’t even know what the book was about. “So, baby boy, did you like that one?”
Dean continued pointing to the three of them several times in a random order. Every time, Castiel would respond with their name. He didn't know how long they sat there with Dean pointing and Cas responding "Cas, Dean, Bee, Bee, Dean, Dean, Cas." Dean eventually rolled his head to the side to look at Castiel. He held out his hand and Castiel took it in his.
“Y-you’re welcome.” Cas sounded off. Dean did not like that. He wrapped his arms a little tighter and kissed Cas’ cheek.
Castiel and Dean looked over. Dean instantly gripped Castiel's hand tighter and his smile faded. He moved so his body was in partially blocking Cas's body and let out a quiet growl. "Hey, it's okay. She is just bringing the food that you wanted, okay? She's nice."
With that whirlwind of an interaction, Cas supposed his only other task was to work on his case notes. When he walked back into the room, D was still sleeping with Bee tucked under his arm. In the distant future, when D was released, Castiel was sure that Bee would go with him.
Castiel straightened his sweater and walked over to room 327. The same as yesterday, he knocked quietly. "D? Can I come in?"
"Hello, Meg. It's nice to see you again, as well." For the first time since visiting Dean, Castiel noticed that Meg was an alpha. Interesting. Female alphas almost never worked in administrative work.
"D..." Dean simply grunted in response as he ran his hands down Castiel's chest. "D... can you turn around for me?"
As if by magic, the fear Dean was feeling was burned away and he felt his smile return. After Cas had climbed off of him, he retrieved his blanket, and cuddled into Cas' chest. He closed his eyes and sighed. The contrast of the soft blanket and the hard lines of Cas' chest soothed him.
“No, you don’t!” Now Dean really was a baby. Throwing a tantrum. Cas deserved it, though! Leading him on like this.
Bobby stood first and shook both of their hands. "It's nice to see you two again. Thank you for joining us on such short notice."
"Remember to stop by the nurse's station!"
The omega wrapped his hands around Cas's wrist. "No, Cas."
"Hello, Sam, how are you doing today?"
"As long as you actually get clean in the shower, I don't care what else happens." Castiel smiled and tugged Dean along to the bathroom. "I'll bring some clothes in here for you." Cas adjusted the water temperature. "Change the temperature to whatever is comfortable for you. Use whatever soap and body wash you want." Castiel looked awkwardly around the room. "Well... I guess I'll see you in a minute."
"Yea... that was... interesting..." Cas would feel the heat from Dean's cheek on his chest.
"Yea, I know why I need to talk about all of this shit." Dean smiled up at Cas. "I don't want to, though. Not yet."
in a relationship?” Cas rolled eyes when he said ‘officially’ and acted like he was gagging. He always hated hearing people talk about that and now he was having the conversation.
Dean leaned over and gave Cas a quick kiss before sauntering over to the front of the building. For a kid whose life was filled with loss and tragedy, Dean sure could fake some confidence.
"You know, we haven't really fooled around yet... I mean, without you being Daddy or me being your baby... I wonder what it would be like to just have Cas and Dean experiment with one another?" Dean kissed up Cas' neck and sucked his earlobe into mouth. He nibbled a little before looking into Cas' eyes. "I mean, I need to know what spots make you shiver and how to touch you, babe. I need some practice."
"Yea... I knew it was what I needed because I could feel it in my soul."
The look on Dean's face was nothing short of elation. He kissed Cas quickly on the cheek and poured himself a large glass of milk. Before Cas could even grab a coffee mug, Dean was sitting at a booth and quickly ridding the plate of bacon. Cas chuckled to himself.
"I don't know what?" Cas was getting frustrated at this point.
Dean gave a laugh that made his cock bounce above Cas' waist. "Pretty much. So, what do you say,
"I'm not going to take it back. It's yours now." With that, Castiel started taking some notes in his case file and ignored the omega. He wanted to give him some space.
Cas chuckled. "How are you feeling, omega-mine?"
Castiel looked over to the young man beside him and smiled. He needed to look over his notes and add the events from the day before. But first, he needed to use the restroom. He stood, stretched his aching back (hospital chairs were not known for their comfort,) and yawned. He already knew that there was no helping his hair before he even looked in a mirror, so he just straightened his sweater and dusted off his jeans. He had to go home later today, but he wanted to let D know before he left.
"Well, that's the thing. I need to tell you about what I saw because one of the omegas we found is going to need intense rehab. I mean, all of them are going to need help, but this one. Cas, it's so bad." Gabe blinked hard to keep tears from falling. He shook his head before continuing. "What's the longest you ever worked with an omega patient?"
This time was nothing like the first. Dean actually paid attention, giggled, and commented on the book as Daddy read. It was so fucking nice to just relax with Cas like this. “That pigeon is so silly, Daddy! Would you let me drive the bus?”
"It's so big... never... never knew they could be that big..." Dean let small, soft whispers escape between kisses. Finally, he pulled back and looked at Cas with those shining green eyes. Cas tracked Dean's movement as the omega's eyes travelled to where their hands were joined. "Holy fuck, alpha..."
Dean smiled. “I love you, Daddy.”
"Oh, I'm sorry. 327. He is in 327 and he has been marked as an aggressive patient. He has on ankle cuffs, but he will try to fight if you get close."
It angered Cas to know that memories of his own family made Dean have just as much of a visceral reaction as his time he was held captive. He must have not had as much control over his scent as he thought, because Dean was starting to kiss his hand. It helped bring him back down. "I apologize, Dean. I need to better control my emotions around you."
"I heard that, and you're damn right that I'm chipper. I made a friend." The last sentence was quieter, but that didn't mean that it was less important. Castiel knew how significant this new-found friendship was to Dean and he shouldn't let his own sleepiness stand in the way of his omega's happiness.
The alpha quickly jogged up the couple of steps to the front door and unlocked it. Then, he walked back the passenger side of the car. "Okay, omega-mine. Are you ready to go home?"
Cas rolled his eyes. "Do I have to?"
D kept his smile but shook his head "no." He held fast to Castiel's hand but pointed to the bee. "Do you want this guy back?" D gave his usual, single nod. So, Castiel passed Bee back to him. Castiel was taken aback when he saw D take a deep inhale of the toy and sigh happily. Castiel supposed the omega needed a closer sample of his scent. D laid back against the pillows and rolled onto his side facing Castiel. He never let go of Castiel's hand, and Castiel would be killed before he would take his hand away from the amazing creature beside of him.
The first thing Dean thought when the lube touched his hole was “that’s cold.” There were no more coherent thoughts. No more processing. There was simply sensory experiences and events. No higher-level thinking in his brain. The second thought he had was “still empty.” Daddy began remedying that far too slowly. Dean could feel Cas’ breath above his ass. He kissed the dimples at the bottom of his back and all over his cheeks as he slowly teased his finger over the tight space. Dean arched his back and whined. His third thought was “get in.”
After reverently drying one another off, Dean and Cas both put on some pajamas. Castiel was in his lounge pants and a t-shirt, while Dean opted for one of Cas's hoodies and his underwear. "What? I happen to smelling like you." Dean retorted when Cas asked why he didn't put on any of the clothes he had asked Cas to buy.
"And I told you to take that car to the shop two weeks ago, but here we are."
Castiel didn't need to stop at the restroom to calm down prior to this visit. He wasn't even fidgety when he was in the elevator. He was looking forward to seeing D today. He wore a slight smile as he walked over to the nurses' station.
"No, um... no pups."
"Excuse me?"
Castiel chuckled nervously and gave an awkward wave. "I'll be seeing you, Meg."
"It sounds like his mental state was much stronger and stable than his physical." Bobby kept his eyes on his paper.
About fifteen minutes later, Cas was returning to the room with his lunch and the yogurt for D. He was thinking about how to spend the rest of the day and had determined that getting the kid to eat most of the yogurt would probably take most of their time. He also thought it was important to communicate the safety of the other omegas to D. If what Charlie said was true, and D took on responsibility for other omegas, then it may calm his nerves a bit to hear that they were doing okay.
The omega kept his eyes on the wall.
Instead of a verbal response, Dean turned on his side and patted his hand on the bed beside him. Cas found himself far too willing to hold the omega until he was back asleep. Castiel took the blanket with him and covered himself up before opening an arm for Dean. Dean moved into his space quickly. The only skin-to-skin contact was Dean's forehead smushed against Cas' throat, but it was so nice to know that Dean was getting what he needed. It was also nice to know that Cas was the one meeting those needs.
The omega didn't open his eyes. "I think there is some yogurt with honey on here. You know, bees make honey." D cracked his good eye open enough for Castiel to see some green. Cas smiled. "Yes, they make the honey and it is so important to our world. Would you like me to get you some yogurt and honey?"
"So, heading to my alpha's house, huh? Never thought I would say that." Dean smiled as he looked out of the window. "It's been forever since I've been in a car."
Castiel passed a water bottle to Dean. "Here, take  a minute. You've been talking a lot. I don't want you to get too tired."
(See the end of the chapter for
When Castiel returned with a plate of lasagna and salad, he decided it best to bring Dean a napkin. He would hate for the kid to burn himself. He saw Dean take a deep breath and a sated grin crossed his face. "Does it smell good?"
Castiel was many things, but oblivious was not one of them. He knew of Dean’s, shall we say, habit. Scary movies, nightmares, troubling thoughts, and thunderstorms are bound to happen. Castiel saw and remembered every time that those plush lips wrapped around that thumb and those cheeks hollowed out… Well, that’s enough of that train of thought.
No response. "Well, then I'll go read some more."
Cas smiled and propped his chin up with hims thumb and index finger. "Hmm... I suppose so."
"I love Batman."
"I can make you get off at our house. I promise. As many times as you want." Cas kissed Dean's forehead and lifted himself up to his elbows. "But until we get there, how about this, sweet boy?" Cas lifted two fingers to Dean's mouth and smiled as the omega sucked on them slowly, his tongue moving smoothly and surely around the digits.
He could hear people talking. It must be Gabe or the detail that he had sent over. Stupid, stupid, stupid. He couldn't have waited ten more minutes. The one rationalization that he allowed himself was that Roche should have been on call at the hospital. He should've still been there and his Dean... his Dean should have still been safe. The love of his life was probably back in some hell hole, suffering at the hands of monsters because Cas was what? Cold? Prepared for winter? He wanted to bang his head into the concrete as penance, but figured he would be even less help to Dean if he were dead. Of all of the dumb things he had done in life, he knew that this was the one that he would never recuperate from.
Cas blushed and ducked his head. Ellen was one of the only people in the world that could make him feel like he was still just a little pup. "Thank you, Ellen."
"Of course. By examining the different proteins we can see how closely related two DNA samples are and how their are connected. In Mr. Wesson and Mr. Winchesters case, let's see..." he scrolled down the screen and Dean's grip tightened, "you two share 54% of your DNA. You are biological brothers."
When the two arrived at their home, Officer Hanscum and Officer Mills were both out across the street. It was around their shift change and it made Castiel see the two smiling despite the monotony and loneliness the last few weeks had offered the two. They both waved in greeting, but Cas was the only one in the car to respond in kind. Dean was out cold. His snores began filling the car around two miles back. He normally didn't snore too loudly, but because of his position in the car, he was snoring loudly enough that Cas was sure the officers would hear him.
"I don't know. Both, I guess."
Dean kept his eyes focused on the landscape zooming by and gave a quiet grunt in acknowledgement.
"We can schedule a DNA test." Bobby looked back and forth between the other three men at the table.
"Well, that..." Castiel cleared his throat. "I think that can be arranged." Maybe he didn't need as much time as Cas thought. True Mates and all that.
"One more time?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not if it's something you need, baby boy. Anything."
Around five in the morning, Castiel could tell that his scent was changing from uncomfortable to something akin to complete irritation when Dean rubbed his chest and whispered "Just noise, alpha. Sleep." Then the heat turned on, the blinds shifted and let in some light, and Dean growled.
Before he realized it, Cas was growling.
As Sam leaned in to look closer, Dean grabbed onto Cas's hand tightly. He pulled the alpha away from the wall and stared at the screen. His eyebrows furrowed. Castiel knew that he was feeling too nervous and shy to ask questions. Considering Dean's previous experience with doctors, he couldn't say that he blamed him for his reaction.
"Motherfucker," he muttered to himself. "Yea, Bobby?" He said a little louder while he was rubbing his head.
About five minutes later, Cas broke the silence. "I'm sorry if I upset you, D."
Dean's jaw dropped. "Well, damn, Cas! Just put it all out there." This was going to be harder, much harder than he thought. He figured Cas would be like "B. Butt stuff. Yes or no? Continuing." Not this full-on conversation bull shit!
The three men stood crowded around the small window in Gabriel's office that faced the common area. Castiel was sure that some of the other agents and specialists were curious as to why they were so scrunched up in the tight space. Some of them were probably laughing and Cas couldn't say that he blamed them. There was an enormous window on the other side of Gabe's corner office that faced the hallway, but that wouldn't give them a good vantage point.
"He... he's dying, Castiel."
Dean's lips parted as he gave a small, sure nod.
"Of course not. Thank you for the information."
The nurse looked up and then immediately back to the computer. She was typing so quickly that Cas was sure that there couldn't be actual words showing up on the screen. "327? 22-25 year old male omega? John Doe?"
Hell yea. “Oh, definitely, Daddy.”
Cas kept his fingers where they were and kissed Dean's forehead. "And I love you, my omega." Cas knew they were no where close to ready for mating, but he wanted nothing more than to spend the night tied to his mate with a sore spot on his neck. It was all so perfect that he truly couldn't imagine being even closer when, and if, Dean's scent returned.
Cas' eyes turned dark as he looked up at Dean. "I'm not going to help you, Dean. I'm going to make you."
He felt Cas' fingers lightly scratching up and down his back. "Just a minute, baby. Then we need to talk, okay?"
Dean nodded. He let out a little moan and decided to spread his legs as far as possible so Daddy would know just how ready he really was. Cas surprised him. As soon as he hit the start button on the timer, he slid down Dean’s legs so he was no longer straddling him. There were no tempting rolls of his hips. No teasing. Daddy was getting straight to the point.
With a huff, Dean began cleaning his room quickly and efficiently. Hopefully, Daddy put something pleasurable next on the list.
He was silenced by Daddy putting a finger to his lips. “Shh, baby. Shh. Tell me, were you sleeping in my room?”
"I'm sorry if I interrupted anything, fellas. I bring the food for our wonderful patient and good news for both of you." Charlie's smile grew. "So, we got your bloodwork back. You're not out the woods yet, kid. You're still considered critical and your white blood cell count is extremely low. The good news is that it has remained the same from yesterday. This means that holding Castiel's hand here has stabilized you. You're going to get better."
As soon as she was out of sight, Dean grabbed a plate and allowed his eyes to dart back and forth over all of the food in front of him. He, of course, covered his plate in bacon before moving onto anything else. Then he got one scoop of eggs and one piece of toast. Before he moved to get a drink, he paused and put his plate down on the counter. "Will there be enough?"
"You're welcome, Dean-O!" Gabe smiled and dug into his pie. "So, you guys want to watch some TV until the lawyer gets here?"
"My apologies, Dean. Please, continue." Cas willed himself to control his voice and his scent, but he knew that he was failing miserably at both tasks.
Dean pulled the boxers out of his mouth. “Like I’m a good baby for Daddy. Like I’m his little slut. And like I want to cum really bad…” Dean murmured the last part and hid his face in the pillow.
Cas shivered. "Unless you want us to get kicked out of here for public indecency, then you need to go help set the table."
"Yea, but not off of him," Cas started into the room with Charlie behind him. "Just down his arm..." Charlie slowed her speech as Castiel opened the door.
"Of course, it's no trouble at all." Cas smiled and turned to Sam. "Sam, it is certainly nice to see you again, as well."
His phone vibrating shook him out of his trance. Cas saw it was Gabe and answered quickly. "Hey, Gabe," he whispered.
Castiel attempted to flatten out his hair. "I'm 28, Gabriel. I'm too old for that nonsense."
"Don't put it in yet. Just touch that little hole, baby boy."
D nodded once and pointed to his bee. He gave a highly exaggerated frown. "Oh, was Bee upset that we didn't get any honey with the meal." D kept the frown and nodded. "Well, I will go fix that." D kept eye contact with Cas, but dipped his head towards the door as to say "then get on with it."
"Mm... you have such a big cock, doctor. Think you can gag me? I want my eyes watering over your dick, daddy." Dean's eyelids fluttered despite the blood slowly drying around them.
Dean cackled as he walked away, giving a little sway of his hips as he went. Cas caught up with him and grabbed him around his waist and pulled him flush against his chest. “You need to behave, young man.”
Dean smiled and tucked his head under Cas’ chin. “Promise?”
The omega nodded. "I can hold Bee. No problem at all."
“As I love you, little one.”
And so began a normal conversation between the two men. Laundry was always a point of contention. It really was astounding how even though their relationship had changed so much, so quickly… everything was still oddly the same.
D's eyes grew for a moment in understanding and he nodded. He pointed to the six.
Dean ran back into the bedroom, trying to find his phone to call Cas. Once he turned the light on, his toy squirrel, his blanket, and two books laying on the desk caught his eye. On top of them was a note. “Choose your bedtime story. Daddy’s taking a shower. I’ll be in soon to read to you and get you to bed. Love you, baby. You were perfect today.”
Roche rolled his eyes and stormed out of the room. Castiel narrowed his eyes and realized he had let out a snarl. He immediately calmed himself and looked to D. The omega was wide-eyed and breathing heavily. "D, I am so sorry that you had to see that. That was not how I should have behaved in that situation." Cas picked up the bee from the table and set it on the omega's bed. "I am so, so sorry that I did not handle my anger professionaly. I can assure you that that is not how I usually behave." The omega quickly grabbed the bee and squeezed it against his chest. He rubbed his cheek against it. He let out a deep sigh.
"Nah, alpha. Don't worry about it. You're cute when you get all protective." He placed another kiss to Castiel's hand. "One good thing, though, is that I think I know why I got along with Sam so well today."
Cas smiled wide and nuzzled under Dean's chin. "Hmm, as I love you. It was quite stressful, if I'm being honest. But you're going to take care of that later, right?"
Gabe smacked Cas on the back of the head. "Hey, man, give the nice lawyer some of your time, huh?"
Before either man could knock on the door, a woman in a fitted slacks and blazer opened the door. Her greying blonde hair fell slightly past her shoulders. She was an attractive beta. The only wrinkles she had were severe laugh lines. They were crinkled now from her wide smile. A genuine smile, from what Castiel could tell, considering that her honey-colored eyes lit up when she saw the two of them standing on her perfectly placed welcome mat.
The omega nodded.
"That would be great, thanks, Cas. My parents are both at work, but they would love to get together for a late lunch or dinner. Maybe you can look at the car, Dean, and then we can go get a bite to eat?" Dean smiled a timid smile and nodded. Cas could tell he was very apprehensive about this potential meeting.
"Thanks. That will really help us out. What about your magical omega rehabilitation skills?"
Castiel sat patiently as Dean gathered his thoughts. Quite frankly, he wasn't sure if he wanted to hear about Dean's abuse or not. He was so attached to the kid that he was dreading the torture that he had endured. The fact that he called it "working" for Alastair made his skin crawl. This spectacular omega thought that what was done to him was his fault and his choice. Cas calmed himself before his scent changed and gave his feelings away. Dean needed to process this. He needed to start his healing process. If he had to live through it, then it was the least Castiel could do was to listen to him.
"Ten minutes. Thank you, Charlie."
“Hey, guys! Come on to the kitchen. I’ve got some stuff to make sandwiches before you leave. It’s getting a little stormy out there and I know you need to get on home.”
“Good boy. Now, go take a shower. I want you to get nice and clean for me. Then, come back to the living room with no clothes. You can get your pacifier and blanket if you think you will need them. When you get in here, you will sit on the floor by my feet. Do you understand your instructions, sweet boy?” Cas continued to stroke Dean’s hair as he explained his expectations. He definitely noticed the shudder that went through Dean as he spoke.
MacLeod gave a curt nod and turned to the door. Castiel stared blankly at the wall as he tried to hold back tears. He had such high hopes for this young man. Such aspirations for his recovery. He really thought that he could make a difference. He thought D would survive.
“Thanks, but-“
“You’re welcome, Charlie.” Cas smiled and opened the door for them to leave.
“Yea?”
Dean smiled in response around the finger in his mouth. He nodded his head slowly and moved his hips so Cas’ cock was caught between his thighs. He had Daddy right where he wanted him. Finally, Daddy was going to fuck him and fill him and wreck him and all of those things he wanted.
Dean was slowly calming down and his breathing was returning back to normal. Regardless, Castiel knew he needed to let the doctor know that Dean was a possible self-harm patient. It seemed that self-inflicted punishment was not unfamiliar to the omega. Castiel reminded himself that he couldn't go down that road with Dean in the room. Not where he could smell his emotions so clearly. He continued to praise Dean for simply existing. "Not to mention, the best young man this hospital has ever had the privilege of caring for."
"You called me Cas."
chair.
Dean gripped Castiel's hand. When Cas looked over at him, he was expecting to see a concerned look on his face. Instead, the omega was smiling brightly. "Pie."
"Yea! I have my gym bag. You can use the shirt."
“Honey, I love this as much as you, but-“
After cleaning both of them up and telling Dean to go brush his teeth and use the bathroom, Cas wrapped his arms firmly around the other man. For a few minutes, they just laid there. They laid still, listening to one another’s breath and sighs of contentment. Every now and then one would run their hand over the other’s arm or side. Slow, lazy kisses on every available piece of skin. Eventually, Cas broke the silence. “So, I know that it may be hard to transition back from your headspace… I thought of something that may help you out.” Cas gave a half-smile as he stroked Dean’s hair.
Dean gave his best half-smile. "Yea?"
"Daddy feels the same way. What about the other two?"
"I said 'sit.' There is lube beside the chair if you need more. Daddy got it ready for you, though."
Dean shook his head. "Missed." He coughed. "Missed talk."
"Do you need to have a quiet night, baby?"
Dean twisted slightly so he could kiss Castiel. He stopped thrusting and pushed back on Cas' hand. "Fuck... Alpha!"
"Whatever you say, D." Cas shut Dean's door with his hip. Dean couldn't help but giggle and hide his face in the crook of Cas's neck. The two entered Cas's home (their home,) and Cas sat Dean down carefully by his side.
Dean scooted and looked up at his friend, not even realizing his thumb was still in his mouth. Cas got under the covers, immediately opening his arms in an… invitation?
Sam rolled his eyes. "Yea, yea. Well, guys, I see you've met my mom."
Dean blushed a bit. "Uh..." he flipped Cas off and he and Sam began laughing again. It was good sound. Cas couldn't help but smile at their interaction. He was man enough to admit that he was jealous of Sam to begin with, but seeing the two playfully punch each other's shoulders and snicker about profane gestures, it was clear Dean needed this friendship. Sibling. Whatever the tests results would say, Cas didn't see Dean leaving Sam behind.
"You, too, Sam." Cas smiled and took Dean's hand in his as they walked over to the car.
"Well, how are you feeling, D?" Cas glanced briefly from the road over to his omega.
Cas found his seat beside of Dean and pressed their knees together. Cas could see the tension leave Dean's shoulders out of his peripheral vision. "So, Bobby, you needed me to sign something?"
Dean pointed to Castiel. "I'm Castiel."
"My full name is Castiel James Novak." When Cas said the word 'full,' Dean's mouth turned into an "o" in understanding. He must have forgotten that term.
Dean's purrs slowly morphed into snores as he left the pain of the day behind. Cas felt a bone-deep contentment and relief as slept came for him as well, fully connected to his omega. As he should always be.
“I, uh… I was scared of the storm…” It was barely above a whisper but Dean felt like he had screamed it to the world.
Cas was careful with his next words. He was concerned about how adamant D was with the "one" rating. "D, this is just talking about since you've been in the hospital. Since you got here, think of the worst pain you've experienced. At the hospital. Then, tell me where you are now."
Ugh, he was such a good Daddy. “I can handle it. I deserve it.”
"Why chance it?" Gabriel joined him in the living room and sat with one leg draped over the arm of the recliner. He loved making himself at home.
"You told me that you are 'good at taking dick,' little one. So, take it."
"I love you, Castiel." The alpha was taken aback by Dean's use of his full name at first, but then he smiled and wrapped Dean in a hug.
"Well, I can smell the pining Alpha scent on you. Sure seems long enough for you to miss me."
"Y-yea... Sorry..." Dean clenched his eyes and tried to calm himself down. If he didn't, this would be over before it even started. Fucking Cas with his fucking sexy dominance and shit.
Dean listened and continued his work. "Love this cock, alpha." Cas couldn't control to whine that came from his throat. Such a sweet boy he had. His whine quickly turned into a shocked moan when Dean ran his tongue over the tip. "Fuck, alpha, this is addicting." With that comment, Dean went back to sucking and licking and slurping over Cas's cock. He didn't have a technique, per say, but he was exploring every inch of Cas's body and it was magnificent. Dean showed no sign of stopping.
The kid growled and looked at Castiel with nothing but malice and irritation. If he could get out of bed, Castiel knew he would try his best to kick his ass. He could see the kid gripping the sheets of his bed and his upper lip was twitching.
Soon, Bee was gripped so tightly that Cas was concerned that the stitching would pop.
"Mhmm. Thank you, Daddy." Dean couldn't help reaching out for Cas's hand and bringing his thumb up to his mouth. "Please, Daddy?"
"You know, since that awful date story, your corniness has become so much more obvious. You gotta tamp that down, man." Dean gave a half smile as he opened the door and stretched. A small bit of skin showed and Cas smiled. What a resilient man he found.
"What toppings do I like on my burger?"
Castiel sent Gabriel a text once he was out of the hospital. "Heading home. Meet there in fifteen?"
“I don’t want to be ‘old’ Cas and Dean. I want… I…” Dean broke down into a full-on sob. He clutched Cas’ hand to his chest and let it out.
-------
When Dean sleepily walked out of the bedroom wearing only his boxers, he was rubbing his eyes and protecting Bee under his arm. "Wha' time issit?" He tried to hide his yawn but failed.
"So..." Dean flopped the pillow into his lap and groaned. "So you don't know it yet."
“If you keep thinking that hard, then smoke is going to come out of your ears.” Cas walked back into the room, sans shirt, with a warm cloth and a smirk.
Dean flipped over so he was facing the other man. “I want you to protect me when I’m scared
"Wonderful, Charlie, that's just... It's wonderful." Castiel looked over to Dean. "I'm proud of you for trying this D, and I am so happy that it is working." He leaned in closer and put his hand over his mouth so Charlie couldn't see what he said. "Would you like to tell her what we just discovered?"
Dean hummed and smiled. "You know... you didn't know the first time I saw your cock."
"Not old."
Cas tensed for a moment before showering Dean with kisses. “Baby, we’re never going back to ‘old’ Dean and Cas. We’re in this together now, okay? I’m always going to protect when you’re scared now. Daddy’ll always be here, baby.”
"Probably not," Dean agreed quietly. Castiel's chest filled with warmth at the sound of Dean talking to Gabe. He had been so hesitant with him so far.
After changing out of the comfy clothes, the couple drove the short distance to a local bargain store, Stuff and Things. The creativity that had to be in the board meeting to start that store always amazed Cas. Dean walked ahead of Cas into the building. Cas couldn't help but admire the furrow of Dean's brow as he looked around the parking lot for traffic. The way he jogged to get across the pedestrian crossing. The way his perfect legs were accentuated by his dark jeans. The way he rubbed his hands together when they got in the store.
"Damn, alpha." Dean chuckled and loosened his legs.
"Really? Really?" The omega breathed out in short huffs and Cas was sure he was going to hyperventilate.
*hides* Don't hate me!!!! I'll update on Tuesday or Wednesday, depending on work!
Roche shouted, "I didn't--" but his voice was cut off by Castiel slamming his head into the dishwasher.
"Oh, yea... I kind of forgot about that. I haven't watched Netflix or Hulu or whatever in a long time." Dean's smile left for a moment, but he shook his head and continued on.
"Okay? You don't seem too sure, alpha-mine."
"Oh, definitely. I may have to call Gabe if you don't spill the beans."
Dean knew that he was supposed to be focused on the screen in front of him. He knew he should be laughing when Charlie, Cas, or Benny laughed. Act surprised when Sammy gasped. Something along those lines. No matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t. It was thundering and lightning. He couldn’t ignore that.
"Pop the hood, will ya, Sammy?" Dean pushed the flannel further up his arms. Castiel blushed with faint arousal. He tried to find something interesting on the ground to stare at. Sadly, the parking lot was extremely well kept.
Cas continued his assault on Dean. “Yes, it was. You’re wrong, though, baby. You know why you’re wrong?”
Charlie covered her mouth with both of her hands. She regained her composure quickly, as nurses have the ability to do, and looked at Dean. "Well, it is a pleasure to meet you Dean. I'm Charlie. I hope that we get to be very good friends."
Cas couldn't help but to yawn as he stripped down to his boxers and climbed into bed. He rolled over to turn on the lamp so the room wouldn't be completely dark when Dean came back. As he moved around on the bed, something touched his bicep and he startled before realizing it was just Bee. Dean must have tucked the plushie into bed before using the restroom.
"Well, I suppose it does make sense for you to protect yourself, but--"
Charlie chuckled and took the card. "That's what us nurses have started calling you. You're that kid's angel." Castiel shook his head in slight embarrassment. "Anyways, go do your thing and I'll take care of Dean."
On Wednesday afternoon, the two men were playing catch- scratch that, researching a therapy aid- again. This time it was a two-inch diameter ball. Dean was doing fairly well with it, but they were spending longer on it than any other ball so far. Dean' language had progressed quite a bit, as well. He was still struggling with multisyllabic words a bit and was certainly not ready for his speech therapy to end. He could, however, advocate for his needs more completely and his questions for Cas certainly became deeper.
The omega grunted. He buried his nose in bee even deeper and pointed at Cas again.
Once the lasagna was in the oven, he went over to the computer to catch up on his emails. There was nothing new regarding Dean's case except for a reminder from the ODT that the trial was in exactly two weeks. There was some spam mail, of course. There was also one email from Charlie asking Cas to let her know whenever Dean may be up for some company. Apparently, room 327 was now occupied by quite the grumpy old woman. Cas smiled as he responded that he would be in touch with her soon and that he would let Dean know she said hello.
After spending some much needed time enjoying their skin-to-skin therapy, Dean and Cas agreed that it was time to get something to eat. They had spent the majority of the day lounging in bed or dozing on the couch. Eventually, Dean's stomach reminded the two that they required more than soft touches to stay alive. Truly unfortunate.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle. He needed to teach his man a few things.
"Do you want me to sit beside of you?" D gave a weak nod and turned his back to Castiel. He clung to his bee tighter and shut his eyes. "Of course, D. Thank you."
Dean walked to the bathroom to get a rag and he felt… strange. Not a bad strange. It was just strange to feel content after being denied and punished. He felt nice. Which made him feel absolutely peculiar. When Dean returned to the living room with a warm, damp rag, he ran it over Cas’ chest slowly. “It’s a shame all this is going to waste. I have so many places you could’ve put it.”
"Don't fucking apologize. I went straight into my room and started riding a dildo like there was no tomorrow. Thinking about that big cock. Your big hands... ungh... Baby..."
Gabe gathered their things and they drove in silence to the Omega Defense Team station. Gabriel tried to commend Dean on being resourceful enough to use a stray paperclip to get out of the cuffs. Dean just gave a noncommittal grunt. Hand in hand, Cas and Dean huddled close together in the back of Gabe's mint green nightmare. They were safe. They were safe. There were a few rooms in the back of the ODT for omegas and families who needed immediate protection. Castiel never envisioned himself as needing one of these rooms, but as they pulled into the station, he had never felt so grateful.
Castiel did again for good measure. He pushed the beta onto his back and put his foot on his chest. Roche's head was digging into the shards left behind from the glass Cas had dropped. "You really are a dumb bitch. I bet you didn't listen to a single police scanner before you came here, did you? Didn't wonder why I was panicking to get things out the car? All you wanted was to get to him. They're fucking coming for you, Roche. You're going to burn, you son of a bitch. You touched my omega." He moved his foot to Roche's throat. "And I will drag you to hell myself." Cas put some of his weight down and smiled as the beta's face started changing color.
Cas had let his eyes rise above the bottom of the window and settled them firmly on his omega. Screw the case. He needed to know who this kid was that has his omega so enthralled. He wasn't jealous, but he couldn't help the distant thought that Dean had simply bonded to him because he was the first person to show him kindness in such a long time. What if they weren't True Mates? What if Dean actually felt a stronger connection to this Sam Wesson? He knew what he felt for Dean, but what if he wasn't the best mate for D? The thought was fleeting, but it was there.
"Charlie. Charlie Bradbury. I heard you speaking with Dr. Roche earlier. I wasn't trying to pry."
Dean nodded around the fingers and provided Daddy with the most demure smile he could manage. Cas moaned deeply and touched his forehead as he removed his fingers from Dean’s mouth. “I also love your mouth because it’s where your sassiness comes out, it’s how you tell me you love Daddy, that you want more, and it’s where I want my mouth right now.” Dean looked up and shivered. They hadn’t kissed yet. Dean hoped that it would be as good as everything else. It had to be.
Cas let out a sigh. "Absolutely, baby boy."
"You get some rest, D. I will be right here when you wake up, sweet boy." D just hummed and settled further into the bed. A slight smile stayed on his lips. It wasn't until the omega's grip weakened during his sleep that Castiel realized what he had called him. "Sweet boy" was absolutely not something that you called a patient. Friend, buddy, pal, champ, sport? Those were all fine. Encouraged, even. Sweet boy? Absolutely not. That was extremely inappropriate.
Much to Cas and Dean's surprised, before Cas could try to comfort his omega, Suzanne sat on the other side of Dean and took his hand in hers. "Dean, David and I have been talking and we think that it is best if we are completely honest with you up front. We do not want you worrying the whole time that you are in this house."
This is the second half of Dean and Castiel's day.
"That went on for about another two years. Man, I loved that job. I met some interesting people, saw amazing places, ate good food. Never mistreated during all of that. Got to do some awesome training, too, and got pretty ripped. I could fight and finally stand up for myself, ya know? I felt safe and stable. And then I presented." Dean chewed his lip and kept Bee in his hands. "When I presented, Alastair told me that I had two choices. One, I could change my job to be his kept boy and service him at any and all times,"
The omega nodded his head once but then immediately shrunk back against the pillows. Castiel gave a small smile and went back to his seat. It was clear this omega had plenty of fight left in him, but he was scared to use it. That's probably what kept him alive this long.
Dean was ready for this to be over. “I… I-uh… One good thing…” Dean was terrible at recognizing the good in himself but it was fucking impossible to do with a monster cock six inches away from your face. “I’m really good at my job. I-uh…” He coughed to try to cover his moan as he saw Cas throw his head back onto the couch cushion. “I know cars really well and can fix pretty much anything. I’ve been like… fuck,” Now there was precum. Fucking fabulous. “Uh, I’ve been able to fix everything that’s ever been in the shop.”
"Yea, yea, you sap. Now, turn on the TV."
"What..." Dean cleared his throat. "What about before we get home? You gonna take care of me, baby?"
Now, there would be no more 'almosts.' Only absolutes. Dean liked dealing with absolutes.
Dean checked the closet to find all shades of pink towels filling the bottom shelf. Daddy knew about his little secret and catered to it.
Cas could see Dean gave a tight smile. "Please, Dr. Roche? My mouth has been so..." he paused and licked the doctor's wrist slowly, "empty."
Castiel busied himself with finding their shirts while Dean got ready in the cramped en suite bathroom. Cas couldn't help but chuckle to himself as he heard a string of "stupid, small, tiny, fuck, bathroom," came from the other room.
Somehow, Dean managed to maneuver himself close to Cas' cock. Before sucking on it, though, he looked up and gave a weak smile. "Thank you, sir."
“Stop, Daddy! It’s too much!”
He trained his ears in on the voices.
I have an ending in mind for this story, but I struggled to find a way to get us there. I figured a nice smutty chapter could help. I've got a plan now and I am hoping to update once a week. It may not be that often, but I can assure you that it will not be nine months until the next update.
The alpha let Dean start the water and he picked up their clothes. When he threw them into the hamper, he smiled. Flannel, henleys, and button-downs look nice mixed together.
“Sorry I snuck up on ya.” Dean crossed the floor and wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist. He was taller than Cas, so he easily rested his chin on the other man’s shoulder. “Thank you for cooking, babe.”
"You fucking perfect alpha. I just... I need to ask you something, okay? A... a serious one."
Dean lifted the hood and leaned over the engine. Cas would be the first to admit that he was useless with cars. He knew where to put the gas and he figured that everything else could be fixed with enough money. He preferred figuring out the puzzle of people, not machines. He supposed that people who liked fixing cars enjoyed it because there was a formula. A set of rules. A specific outcome. The alpha much preferred open-ended outcomes like the one he found with Dean's case.
Nothing. The kid laid his head back on the pillows and sighed.
"It's your choice, D. From here on out, everything is your choice. If you are willing to hold my hand for even one minute, it could keep you alive. I'm an alpha and our DNA helps us--" he was cut off by the most wicked snarl Cas had ever heard from anyone of any designation. "I'm sorry." He took a moment to remember his training. "I'm Castiel and you're D, right? You like me, right? And you know that I like you. Since we both like one another, since we are friends, it's okay for us to hold hands. It won't hurt-" the kid stopped snarling long enough to scoff at Castiel's suggestion.
The rest of the men stood in Gabe's office, stunned. Gabriel spoke up. "Cas, has he touched anyone--"
Cas stood and watched and Dean repeated the same process for finding blankets in the huge bin that was conveniently positioned next to the pillow aisle. Most of them were solid color fleece, but there were a few that had stripes and patterns. One was terribly scratchy, but it had lassos all over it, so Cas didn't say anything.
"Yogurt and honey delivery for a patient who hates applesauce?" Charlie popped her head in.
Dean nodded. "Yea, I've actually been thinking about it. I'm gettin' real tired of not having a scent, so if I could smell like you and let everyone know that I'm going to be mated to a big, strong, not-jealous alpha here soon, well then, that is fine by me." Dean ran his fingers up and down Cas's chest while he continued his assault on the alpha's scent gland. "Plus, I've never seen an alpha's cock when it's hard." Cas shivered. "I didn't get a good look of yours in the shower, since you were so busy with something else, so... I think I need to know what all the fuss is about."
"Cassie! How are ya? Everything okay, man?"
The next morning, Castiel woke up with equal parts concern and excitement. He was obviously concerned for this young omega and wanted to work with him until he was able to talk and take care of himself. He was also excited to meet him. Someone who had survived for this long without physical touch was unheard of. He must be an extremely resilient and brave young man. Castiel knew that he would learn so much and he hoped he could serve the omega the best that he could.
Roche shook his head. "It's unprecedented because no one has ever been in his condition, not because you're some miracle worker. You know, I hear that you're the best at what you do, but until I see more progress, I'm requesting that you are off of this case. You seem to be too personally involved."
"Yea, of course. That's fine." Sam's bright grin lit up the office space. Cas sincerely hoped that the test would yield the results they all wanted. Dean needed this positivity so badly.
"D, I promise you that I am not angry." Before Castiel could say anything else, Dean nodded his head again and put his hand to his throat. Castiel could see tears and snot running down the young man's face.
Cas quickly readjusted so he was laying down, propped up by a couple of pillows, so Dean could rest his head on his chest while he read. Sure enough, Dean quickly crowded into his space, wrapping his arms around his waist and looking up at the book. “Can I have my paci while you read?”
happy
Cas took a breath and held his hands out in front of him. Dean scoffed for a moment in protest. "You can't baby me to death, Cas. I'm not a fucking project. I'm a grown ass man."
"I know you're hard... can..." the omega paused and bit his lip. "I need to taste it again."
"Okay. Follow me. I'll get the water started. While you shower, I'll move the car, get in our bags, and then I'll join you." Castiel squeezed Dean's hands twice. "If you want that."
Dean did as he was told and walked over to his chair. When he pulled it out, his suction-cup dildo was staring back at him.
"Alright, alright, Mr. Independent has turned into Mr. Bossy." Cas smiled as he walked to the door and looked back at D. The kid was still smiling, but he had closed his eyes and settled in. Staying awake for an entire movie was sure to have drained him.
Dean shook his head and stood, stretching his arms high above his head, yawning, and lifting himself briefly on his tiptoes. "Want bacon."
Castiel knew his body wash was doing nothing to hide the rage he felt towards this man. "He could have what, doctor?" He spat out the last word. "Cuddled it to death? Please. You said it yourself that it's a good thing I'm here. You have so many other patients. This-" he pointed at the omega, "man is my one and only priority. I am here for him and him alone. He wants this stuffed animal to deal with the trauma? He gets the stuffed animal. He wants to finish a puzzle? He finishes the damn puzzle. You know how sensitive his case is so I suggest that you stay in your lane, Dr. Roche, and let me do my damn job."
"Yea, Sam! It's fine. Cas knows all about this stuff." Dean smiled wide and looked back and forth between the two men in front of him. "I told you it's fine."
"We probably do need to clean up a little."
Dean half-expected Cas to come knocking on the door and try to talk through everything, but he didn’t. After another hour or so, Dean heard the front door shut. He was glad. He didn’t want to talk even more about his tendencies. Let Cas go somewhere else and leave him to his own thoughts. Dean supposed he had always had a bit of an oral fixation. It was just oddly comforting to have something in his mouth. Chewing on a pen cap, biting his nails, eating pie… Those were all comforting things. So what if he needed something else comforting him when he was scared? He didn't want to have to rationalize a basic part of his psyche tonight. These thoughts continued for quite a while, and then before he had even stripped for bed, he was drifting off to the sound of a soft, gentle rain hitting the roof.
The feeling of his boxers moving against his neglected cock and the warmth of the blankets made him whimper. He laid down on his stomach and rutted against the mattress some more. Daddy had never mentioned this game of theirs turning into something physical, but it was so easy to make that jump in his mind. He knew himself too well to think cuddles would be enough for forever. Dean stayed on his stomach, gently moving his hips, as he thought about what it would feel like for Cas to push into him from behind, running his lips up and down the side of his neck. Whispering dirty praises into his ear for being filled up so good.
Cas felt a bit nervous as he shifted into full consciousness and the morning light settled into the bedroom. He could tell someone was staring at him and considering all that happened that week, he couldn't help the brief panic that filled him. He cracked one eye open to see a perky omega looking over at him.
Cas wrapped his arm around Dean's shoulders and kissed his cheek. "I understand that sentiment. Do you want to take your shower first? I only have the one bathroom."
“Good boy, you’re already two minutes in. Keep up that good work.” Only two minutes? He wasn’t even halfway done and his cock was painfully pressing into the mattress. If it wasn’t for the hypnotic way Cas touched him inside, then Dean probably would’ve gone soft from how hard his cock pushed into one of the mattress springs. He was sure he let out some moans and grunts, but he couldn’t hear due to the blood rushing in his ears. If Daddy would just add another finger, then he would be able to cum and have a cool down before his next punishment. It would be worth it if he could just cum from his daddy’s fingers.
"Cover Bee's ears. They don't need to hear this."
"No, please, keep talking. Distract the conversation from my complete ineptitude as a teen." Castiel had told this story before, but it was a tad bit more humiliating to share with his future mate than with his college buddies.
"At least one. I can accept more, if you want to share."
Dean walked to the bathroom, wanting to drag this part of the list out as long as possible. He got his favorite fluffy towel, washcloth, and his paci. The towel was a light pink. He told Cas that it was a white one that got screwed up because of a red cloth in the wash. Nope. Not at all. Dean liked pink. It was such a soft color, and it looked so pretty when pressed against his tan skin.
Cas stood. "Of course," he turned to look at Dean. "What would you like?"
"What? A beta? With all of the aggression shown in his victims-"
Castiel dropped the glass and stared as it shattered. He glanced at it for a moment but decided to ignore it. "That's Dean's doctor."
"Of course not. We have plenty of omegas willing to testify that will put that bastard away for multiple life sentences. If he can just talk by the trial, I'll be surprised. You've got your hands full, but I know you can do it."
Dean pulled back a bit and grinned a mischievous grin. "Oh, now I gotta know, Alpha. What's one stupid thing that you've said? Or done? Any awkward moments to share?"
Dean simply hummed and continued to kiss any skin he could reach from his angle. Cas' stubble felt nice against his lips and his jaw. "So are you just gonna spit out random shit and see if I like it? Sounds like a lame plan." He kissed underneath Cas' ear, feeling his hot breath gather between his boyfriend and the pillow.
"Yea, babe. I can take care of you. Always." Huh, Dean had never thought about being the one to take care of Cas. He was the bigger of the two... so he supposed it made sense. He wouldn't always be the submissive one in the bedroom, it would seem. That's okay with him... he guessed. He could get used to it. He would do anything for Cas, after all.
"Yes, sir." The alpha grabbed a couple of towels that Dean had forgotten in his excitement to erase the smells of the day.
"Love you."
Dean smiled before running his teeth over Cas's mating gland. "You're all mine, Alpha."
"I love you."
The omega squealed and let Bee fall to the bed. He pointed to himself over and over again and somehow, his smile grew brighter. Castiel felt a tear roll down his cheek. He was so damn happy. "Dean. Dean. My strong boy, Dean."
"For real. I love working with kids. They make some interesting observations. Anyways," He paused and began running his fingers through Dean's hair. "There was this little girl. Sharp as a tack and as sly as a fox. She was a sweetheart when she wanted to be, but she had a mean streak. A real mean streak and she knew how to hide it from her teachers and parents. She was always the victim." Cas paused and looked down at his omega, who seemed to be fully invested in the story. "Well, one day, a girl pushed her back on the playground and she fell. They were at the top of the slide. She broke her arm and had a terrible blow to her forehead."
