She closes her eyes. Tears start forming at the corner of her eyes. For maybe three minutes, she doesn’t speak, keeping her eyes closed and breathing slowly. Steve takes her hand, trying to vehicular some calm. Opening her eyes again, she stares at Steve. Then suddenly, the virtual armor she had built breaks and reveals a broken expression. Her voice trembling, she squeezes Steve’s hand, to give herself courage.
"Dad! Dad! Look how polite I am!" exclaims Peter, giving his dad a radiant smile.
Tony gives her a sorry look and tilts his head toward Steve.
« But it’s a trick! » Clint claims, spinning a drumstick with his fingers.
« No, no! —He joins Tony and takes oﬀ the towel — I might need to shower again. » he answers,
Nat glances at Clint. «I’ll see you in a minute. »
« We can’t let her down. She is the one who believes in everything when no one else did. She brought us together. She brought us to beat Thanos. - Steve sketches a smile - Plus, I think Peter might have a preference for Auntie Nat. Look over there. »
« Tony, of course. »
Steve laughs. He feels better. However…
Of course, she could stay, why couldn’t she? Everything was better than seeing her down like this. Now that he knew, a lot of things became clearer. She even stopped teasing him about Tony, which she had always done even in the darkest moments.
And so here he comes, cooking pancakes soon a Tuesday evening. The table is already set. Now he just has to get ready for the party.
Steve laughs. « No, I don't think so either. »
"Steve! Please, come back! Don't leave me, I need you! Steve! Steve, please!"
« When I asked you! That was the right time! »
« Why are you here Steve? What do you want?» Tony asks him, turning his back to Steve.
Tony closes his eyes and smiles. Nothing can express what he is feeling right now. So much happiness should be forbidden.
« Actually, - he winces - it’ll longer than a minute. Don’t worry Clint we’ll bring her home. »
« I built this tower. Literally. I literally lifted tons. »
"Yes, I am!"
again. Different sounds. Tony must have switched again. Gunshots and explosions could be
A hand appears suddenly to touch his shoulder. Tony jumps up in fright. It's Steve.
Steve tries to answer but his mouth is full of water. The cold liquid is stuffing his nose, ripping his lungs apart, numbing his body. He feels so heavy. A billion torturous arms seem to be dragging him to the bottom of the ocean. He is going to die. He doesn’t want to die.
Before realizing it, Tony had come closer to Steve and was hugging him. Even if Steve is surprised, he sighs in relief before closing his arms around Tony. He doesn’t know how much time they stay in this position but when Steve starts moving again, Tony thinks that it was really too short. Steve moves to the window and watches outside.
« Oh yes, I remember… »
"Honey, are you ready? They’re all waiting for us."
winking.
He prefers to keep the « hot body mishap » to himself. He still recovering and he can’t touch him in this state. Steve’s blue eyes suddenly darken. Lights oﬀ, panic attack, cold water, everything gets back to him.
Steve looked at his phone and sighed. So that’s why Nat had been accepting all those missions. Why didn’t she come to him? He could have helped, he could- He picked up his phone again and answered Tony.
Steve presses his forehead against Tony's, sharing some of his serenity. Suddenly, a huge sound was heard from the room next door.
« Jarvis, localize them with the security cameras, please. »
« Jarvis. He is always connected to you. He called me last night after your crisis. Apparently, you were calling me in your sleep.»
« Jarvis, unlock Mark 22 please. I need to get out of here. »
Tony wraps his arms tight around Peter.
Steve takes a walk across the room. Around the table, Clint, Rhodey, Maria Hill, and Thor are having a really animated conversation.
« I- I think I am in love with you Tony Stark. »
Tony sighs. « I hope she’ll be okay… »
« Speaking of Jarvis, have you seen Tony? He was supposed to improve some of our gadgets, but I haven't heard from him. »
"You could have saved me. You SHOULD have saved me."
« Last time I saw her she was in the kitchen, Clint. »
« Hey Wanda, have you seen Nat? »
He feels a kiss on his neck. Butterflies blow up in his stomach. Only one person has the ability to make him feel this way. He turns around and looks in his lover’s eyes. So many things he wants to say but no sounds can escape his mouth. He just stays here, speechless. Steve smiles and takes Tony’s cheeks in his hand. Then, tenderly, he presses his lips on Tony’s in an innocent kiss. Time stops. They are alone, in their own bubble, where no one can distract them. Soon, Tony has placed his hand on Steve’s neck, urging for more. As soon as he opens his mouth, Steve’s tongue comes to play with his lips. Every tension, every fear, every piece of anxiety he had held all this time, Tony tries to express them through this kiss. When Steve pulls away, tears can be spotted in his eyes.
"Yes, I am. I am really sorry if I woke you up kiddo. It was just a nightmare, you see?" Peter looks at his dad and Tony feels like Peter could see right through him.
« Steve huh… Look, if I said or did something that hurt you I’m really sorry I didn’t mean it I swear.
« I am sorry Tony. I know it must be hard for you but please can you say something? Yell at me, hit me but please- »
« YEAHHHHHH! -he jumped for joy- AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! » he screamed, closing his fist and waving it to the sky as if he wanted to fly.
Tony runs in the room as soon as he sees his husband laying on the floor, a single towel covering him. Immediately, he puts one hand on Steve’s forehead and grabs his beloved’s hand with the other. He notices the blood on the floor.
« Look over there. »
Is it real? He is not sure anymore. On this soft Sunday of May, the sun is shining through the window. Tony looks at the mirror one more time. He wants everything to be perfect. He’s dressed in  a beautiful black suit, a white shirt and black shoes. On his finger, the ring Steve gave him when he proposed is sitting. He just hopes he won’t ruin everything. He can’t let the stress get to him. So many doubts and questions are going through his head. Deep breath. No. It’s okay.  It  will be okay. After all, he has Steve, right?
« Round 2 in the shower? »
« Do you wanna change the channel? » Tony asks.
« I am not quite sure. » Steve claims, bitting his lips. « Maybe you should answer me again, just to be sure that I’ll understand this time. »
« We’ll talk to her at the end of the party okay? We don’t want everyone to know about this. We’ll help her. Whatever it takes.» Tony whispers.
Taking a deep breath, Steve takes Tony’s hand. Fireworks again.
Nat doesn’t reply, but the way she looks at him says everything. Steve laughs. Even in the darkest moments, Tony is able to bring some light to make everything shine. All of a sudden, Peter jumps on his feet and takes Nat’s hand.
« Shhh, I’m right here. »
Two arms suddenly wrap his torso. Tony stops breathing. He knows this sensation so well, especially the way it is done. He recognizes the voice, deep, soothing, a melody to his ears. He recognizes the perfume, so familiar, heady, unique, the one which makes him feel home.
Tears fall down again on Nat’s cheeks. Steve takes her in his arms. She’s always been here for him. All he wants is to make her happy as she did for him. She deserves it. More than anyone. Nat doesn’t say anything, sobbing in his shoulder. A little voice comes out of nowhere.
Steve moves quickly towards Tony.
Indeed, his eyes are still red and swollen. He looks like someone who hasn't slept for several days. His hair is messy, although Steve is no stranger to that.
Nat’s eyes open wild as Steve speaks. She blushes as if she was ashamed of it.
« You have exactly ten seconds to leave this room until I crush your head on the wall,» he says calmly.
"Are you ready Pete?" asks Tony, taking his son by the hand.
« Steve, seriously? The kid? » Maria berates him, an annoyed look in the eyes.
« Are you ready for school Pete? » Steve asked him. « Is your bag ready? »
« Okay dad, I trust you. »
Steve smiles and presses his hand on Clint's shoulder. Wanting to change his mind, he wanders through the room. There are many people, the Avengers of course but also other people he has never seen. Without realizing it, his steps lead him to the side of the bar, where Tony is in the middle of a conversation with a man. And even though he doesn’t know him, Steve hates him immediately. Not wishing to be noticed, he sits on the other side of the bar.
"Can I sleep with you tonight?"
One tear, two tears crush on the helmet. Steve suddenly feels like a three-year-old boy again. He can’t help but hold Tony tight in his arms, hoping that he will hug him back at some point. He places his hand on Tony’s arc reactor. He wishes, he wishes so hard he could turn it on again. He wants to see that light again. He wants to hear his sarcastic jokes again. He just wants his lover back. A metallic sound resonates. Following his instinct, Steve jumps aside, still holding Tony. He takes a look at the street. There, standing in its middle, the mad titan stares at him, his whole army behind him. An infinite sadness falls upon him. If Thanos is here, it means he is the last one standing. All the others, Clint, Wanda, Bucky must be dead. The wry has no meaning without them, without his family. Slowly, he unties his shield from his arm and puts it next to Tony's inert body. One last time, he looks at it and looks at Tony.
Tony laughs. Steve's heart misses a beat. God, he loves that laugh.
« It’s okay honey. Just come to me. I love you. »
Wasted. Everything is wasted. At this precise point of the story he knows. Tony knows that everything is lost. He is just standing here on a roof, looking at the deviated city in front of him. Somewhere over-there, so many dead bodies, too many for him.
« Oh come on! One month ago, you told me you love me and now, you flirt with that guy? »
« Always seeing through other huh? »Tony faces Steve and puts his arm around his lover’s neck.
« I had to. - Steve looks at him sideways - Look, I’m sorry okay! I thought that it would convince her to stay. »
« It’s about damn time, don’t you think? »
"So my butt is the only thing you're interested in Rogers?" answers Tony, making that annoyed face Steve loves so much.
It’s always been him.
«Hold on. What? »
Peter gives his hand to his other dad and starts making his way outside. When they arrive in the garden, everyone turns back to look at them. Nat, Clint, Vision, Wanda… They are all here, smiling at the cute family image.
« Can I answer you now or is it too late? »
"Steve?"
"It was daddy again, wasn’t it?"
« Talk to who? »
"What the f- is going on, - Tony turns back to find Nat - Nat have you seen-"
« So huh... What do you say? » he asks, his voice full of hope and distress.
For once, Steve is really grateful for his training. He rushes up the stairs, hoping he can get there in time. When he arrives, Tony and the man just got out of the elevator. Steve’s heart skips another beat. That’s what he was afraid of. He watches them as they stand before a door. Tony’s room. Tony unlocks the door.
Steve focuses on his beloved’s voice. « I‘m sorry » is all he manages to whisper.
Tony goes to the sofa and picks up Peter who had fallen asleep on it.  He looks at Steve. Message received. Steve knows what he has to do. Nat frowns as she watches the pair leaving.
This is his inheritance. The world he contributed to create which is also the world where he lost everything.
« I am so sorry Steve... I am sorry I wasn’t the one you needed. »
« Oh wait! - Tony moves and comes next to Steve - Do I hear something? It’s a sentence… I believe it was ‘love is for children’ » he winks at Steve.
« I talked to Fury yesterday. I’ll only go out for special missions. Avengers one. — he smiles — It’s over. We’ll always be together from now on. »
Then he turns his back to the paper and starts walking to the window. Soon, only the ashes are remaining. The picture is gone, so is the sentence written with it. But Tony will remember it all his life. He won’t be able to forget it, Jarvis is certain about that. Cause Jarvis saw the paper. He saw the picture of Steve and Sharon, hand in hand, both smiling. He saw the sentence « you’re invited to the wedding! » Written in white. He knows nothing can fix what has just been broken. He knows nothing will ever be the same.
« What’s wrong Tony? You look like you’ll never see him again. »
« It’s nothing sir. You don’t need to be strong all the time. »
« She mustn’t know how I feel Steve. There’s no future with me and she deserves to have one with someone’s perfect to give her one. Someone who is able to build a family with her. That’s not my case. »
« Jarvis, which floor? »
« Because if this goes on and Nat gets involved, you won't resist for very long. I feel that she is getting tired of it, and knowing her, she would be able to lock you in a room for several days. You know she would. »
Clint turns his head and spots the fresh new couple.
« Don’t you mean Stark-Rogers? »
« Don’t worry too much for this, I don’t think I’ll be ever tired of you. » Steve giggles, giving a faint smile.
« Ah - Clint takes a deep voice - Whosoever be he worthy shall have the power! Whatever man, it’s a trick! »
"I have never been more ready Tony."
The problem.
« Tony? »
"You're not bad either. Did I tell you that these pants fit your butt nicely?"
« What’s your point, Rogers? »
Clint startles. He hadn't heard Steve approaching behind him.
« That’s not an answer either Tony and you know it. »
« This is not a negotiation Tony. I said no. You’re not coming. » Steve takes a deep breath, before adding: « and neither am I. »
Tony stops dead. He must have heard wrong. That’s impossible.
P.S: I watched endgame on the 23rd and i'm still dead inside ><
Steve closes his eyes, praying for courage.
« Peter, wait -» Tony followed him.
Peter runs and sits cross-legged on Nat’s knees.
I love you. »
« By taking her stuff? »
"No, it wasn’t like this sweetheart. This time, he called for my help but I couldn’t do anything. I just couldn’t move. I’m so sorry Pete… I wish I could bring your daddy back."
« Steve, are you home? »
"Steve, Jesus cries, where were you? Are you okay? Why did you-"
Tony starts flipping through channels. Steve closes his eyes and concentrates on the sounds coming from the television. He feels like he could fall asleep like this and never want to wake up
« Not really. But I can be even softer if you want »
Still no response from Tony.
The stranger doesn’t reply and leaves the room without further ado. Tony watches him as he does so, before turning to Steve. The latter, still trembling, turns his back to Tony and begins to move towards the door.
« Oh, don’t worry. You don’t like it, I got it. »
« Very impressive. And I suppose it's from here that all missions are managed. »
« As long as you want, baby. Eternity if it pleases you. »
Tony is speechless. Shocked, he stands here in the middle of the room, watching Steve who is now blushing.
Steve doesn’t respond, still staring at the man. His entire body trembles under the influence of adrenaline and anger.
Tony sits down and presses his forehead on the cold glass.
Steve breathes deeply. He takes Nat’s hand and guides her to the coach, where they both sit.
In his armor, Tony picks up the paper he threw and starts burning him before throwing it again.
« Let’s go, shall we? » Tony says to Steve, offering his hand to him.
Steve opens his mouth to take the popcorn Tony was holding between his fingers.
« Don’t give me hope. Don’t give me hope and then leave me. I mean, I think- I can’t- I won’t support it. Not once more. »
« So apparently you designed that tower,» The man says, looking around.
« I-It’s nothing. Really. I-I… »
Nat pulls Steve away and turns around. Peter is standing in the middle of the room, twisting his finger in anxiety. Tony is leaning against the door at the entrance to the room.
For two seconds, Peter seemed lost in his thoughts. Then all of a sudden, his face enlightened.
« Yes, Captain. »
« Don’t cry, Pete. It’s okay. »
« Tony, look I know this might not be the right time to tell you this. I probably should have called you before but you know I was really worried and I don’t know maybe I thought I was my fault and I know it took me a while to realize it but I don’t want to let you go even if it means you have to hate me. When I lost Peggy, it was too difficult. It can’t afford to lose you too. »
«’m sorry ‘bout your shirt. »
Tony sighs out of relief: « It’s over now baby. Just keep breathing. You’re safe, I promise, just breathe. »
« Are you all right, Captain? I know this kind of party isn't really your usual thing. »
A voice gets Steve out of his fog. Yet, he is unable to answer. His mouth is dry, so are his closed eyes by dint of crying. He doesn’t know how much time he stayed there. Lights are on again, he sees it through his eyelids, and water is still flowing in the shower.
"What do you mean Steve? I don't understand."
Nat and Clint entered Tony and Steve’s house.
Tony cuts Steve short. He absolutely doesn’t want Steve to feel guilty. He isn’t responsible for what happened in his life, for what caused his crisis. On the contrary, he is the one who can make him calm, something he hadn’t feel for a while before meeting him. The last thing he wants is Steve feeling bad because of him. He wouldn’t put up with it and it would destroy him for sure and for good. Steve looks at Tony. He is not really sure about what to do. Is Tony mad or hurt? Given the choice, he would prefer Tony to be mad. Nothing but seeing his better half suffering once again. He is ready to face everything, but not the deep pain he read on Tony’s face a moment ago. It broke his heart. He hesitates before answering slowly.
It seems like a year has passed before he opens his eyes again and air finally enters his lungs again. He couldn’t remember how but Tony managed to move him. They were still on the sofa, but now they’re facing each other and Tony is straddling him. They are both holding each other, Steve’s face buried in Tony’s neck while Tony strokes his hair. His body is still shaking. His fingers are white from gripping Tony’s shirt. He managed to tear holes in it. It is completely destroyed.
He wishes he had someone to rely on. That’s all that Tony has been thinking about for hours. Sitting in his bedroom, he has never felt more alone than today. When he went home a few hours ago, his apartment seemed too big, too cold. Too empty. That’s how he feels right now. Empty. His whole life has been a mess and he knows it. He lost his parents, he lost Pepper, everything that had importance for him is gone. And now, he is sure he is a loser. He is not even able to face his own feelings. The ones which have been growing inside him for a few months. Sometimes, he wishes he was just a normal person, with no responsibilities. Why? Why does he have to be strong all the time? Every night, he goes to bed, and every night he cries, because he has been holding these tears for too long. He cries alone in his room, where no-one can hear him. What would they think if they saw the great Tony Stark crying huh? He is scared. Scared to suffer again, as he did before. He has a big hole in his chest and he’s got the feeling that nothing can fix it. It’ll be like this forever. Sometimes, he hates himself to be so offhand, so sarcastic. But he knows deep down that all this mascarade is here to create a wall between him and people, to never let them see his weaknesses. He is in the dark, screaming but no-one can hear him. He can’t see anything. He is blind. It’s all dark around him. He is tired, too tired. Tired of having to be strong all the time, even if he doesn’t feel like this. Nobody can understand this. He fucking doesn’t want to be strong anymore. He just wants to have someone who would take him in his arms, would hug him and would say: « don’t worry, it’ll be okay. I’m here, nothing can happen to you ». He wishes someone would see through him, would see his soul, his fears, the part of him who prays for peace and protection for once. And over everything, he knows that he wants this from one person in particular. That is why it will never happen. He has to stop dreaming. Now he is crying. How pathetic he is. He is ugly, faithless, untrustworthy. He knows it.
« Steve, are you in the- OH MY GOD STEVE ARE YOU OKAY? »
Nothing can be heard in the lab. Silently, Tony reads the paper Jarvis just gave him. As he goes on reading, Tony’s face slowly changes. Rage, pain, deep sorrow. With an abrupt gesture, he throws the paper away and runs to the window. He needs air. It is like a hundred people are suddenly surrounding him, oppressing him.
« Please, please, Tony, don’t do this… » Steve begs him silently.
« I SAID NOT NOW! »
As they leave the storage room behind them, Steve feels doubt start to stir. The whole mission is heading into uncharted territory - he had never dealt on a target who refused to obey orders and took so much initiative. Tony’s unpredictability could turn out to be very helpful or very dangerous for all of them.
But Tony beams. His eyes crinkle up at the corners in a smile that makes him seem much younger. “It's perfect! More than I need.”
She regarded him coolly. “This is a test.”
"It's a despicable weapon used by criminals and greedy businessmen.”
Scott and Wanda fell into sync comfortably alongside Sam and Natasha, and in no time it felt as if they’d all been working together for years. The next few weeks passed swiftly as plans for the inception materialized.
“You focus on the relationship with the father.” Nakia said. Steve nodded in agreement with her.
They were in the main floor of an abandoned warehouse, sunlight pouring in through the tall windows. They’d stashed the sedated Stark in a small side office and cuffed him to a rusty pipe.
4. So in Inception (2010), the train is a manifestation of Cobb's guilt over the death of Mal, which is interesting considering how trains factor in to the MCU relationship between Steve and Bucky.
“What should we do, Steve?” Sam stepped up to him, voice low and carefully even. “Team’s waiting on you.”
“True, but expensive doesn't mean better. We'd be better off with someone doesn’t have an agenda.” Steve took a bite of his food. “Can't go wrong with some youthful zest.”
“Um. Fascinating.” Steve shifted restlessly. If all Stark needed was a conversation partner, then he should leave him to get back to Wanda. “Are you gonna be okay?”
Steve was going to be
“How about that? Luckily for you I’m feeling extra magnanimous, so I won't say ‘I told you so’.” Tony stretches languorously, and Steve definitely isn't looking - even if the action makes Tony’s shirt slide appealingly over the curve of his hips.
Steve doesn't have anything to say to that. Some things are indisputable; giving your life for the cause, taking a bullet for your men, going into hell to save the people you care for - even if it costs you your soul. Even if it means dragging everyone down with you…
“Or else what? Sam, what are you doing?” Scott looks around wildly. “Sam!”
Tony makes a circuit of the room, stripping every broken item for parts. He dumps his box of scavenged scraps on the cleanest work table, undoing his tie as he wiggles out of his jacket. The movement tugs down the neckline of his shirt, briefly exposing a mass of raised scars that spiderweb across his chest.
Ignoring him, Steve leans over the row of seats. “Is there another way out of here?” He asks Wanda, forcing himself to keep his voice steady.
"Just giving everyone some background context. I spent my time at SI learning digging up the real dirt.” Natasha swiped at her tablet, bringing up second round of images.
1. Everyone's current ages in this AU are as follows: Steve (32 IRL with beard, looks 27 in dream world with no beard), Tony (46), Natasha (32), Sam (38), T'Challa (33-35), Bucky (33), Wanda (21), Scott (40)
Sensing he’s starting to lose control of the interview, Steve tries for a more placating tone. “Listen to me, I'm here to help you-”
Natasha’s voice rings out from the interrogation room. “Everyone back inside, we have a problem.”
turn around and leave this perilous mission far, far behind.
“You're not exactly giving me room to breathe here.” Steve said slowly, wondering if he was going to get interrupted again.
“That sounded ominous,” Tony tilts his head to the side. “Is it just me or was that a train horn?”
“Hang on guys, we’re almost at the bridge! Just a few blocks left!” Scott cries, and sure enough the helix bridge rises into view as their little van races towards the edge of the city.
inferior weapon.” Tony spins around, zapping a robot which had been sneaking up on Steve. “Mark 2 and I are Team Innovation, so you and your King Arthur cosplay better step it up.”
Judging by the modern decor of his new home, a lot of time had passed since he’d been put into storage. Steve never knew televisions could be so thin, or so many things were powered by electricity.
A sudden loud noise had Wanda jumping in alarm. “Who’s that?”
Blinking in confusion, Tony closed his shutters, wrapping them around his redly-glowing bulb a little tighter. Pissing Steve off hadn't been his intent. He hoped he hadn't blown his first impression.
Yeah, Tony knew he was pretty hot stuff, all right.
Eyes still shut, Wanda sways her arms like she's conducting an invisible orchestra and the string-taffy road bearing their van starts to bend. Ever so smoothly, the road curves over the train, depositing the van gently at the edge of the bridge.
“We're almost outta he-”
of his feelings for his husband-to-be.
The absence of sensory input is so absolute, it's like someone cut away the vision from his eyes, leaving behind a gaping endless void.
For the first in many times Tony cursed the wires that kept him anchored to the ceiling. Why did they have to be so far from each other? He wished he could rip himself out of his socket so he could confront Steve and explain the situation.
Stane bumbles for an answer. “Well… All great men have their foibles, surely you understand…”
It was a fatal mistake. He shouldn't have left him alone.
“Two…”
He concentrated on pulling as much power as he could from his plug. He didn’t care what his lumen rating said, Tony was always one for pushing the boundaries.
Being the recipient of Steve’s smiles was better than creating a new armor, better than flying, better than sex - just barely, though - and Tony would do anything to keep that smile on Steve’s face for the rest of his life.
they told him.
Which, quite frankly, was exactly what was expected of him. Being turned on was what lamps
Something glinted in front of him. Stark had left his watch behind on the bench.
Stark smirks. “Not such a boy scout under there, I see.” He sidles up to Steve, getting up into his space, casting an appreciative look up and down.
“Language,” Steve sighs. “And I'm not a hipster.”
“That's correct, Ms Romanoff.” T’Challa was standing in the doorway of the operating theatre, looking unfairly alert and put together for someone dragged out of bed in the middle of the night. “This is our only opening. If we don’t act now, it will be too late.”
“This situation is fundamentally different; we're trying to discourage Stark from a course of action, not radicalize him.” Nakia pressed on. “I can get a group of our best operatives to start researching..."
Reluctantly shoving down the post-fight high, Steve pulls out the scanner. Based on the map, they’re only a few hundred meters from the access point.
He holds his ground, waiting for all six projections to enter the kill zone.
Steve hurls the shield up. It arcs towards the chandelier, barely skimming the ceiling, before the spinning edge snaps through the chain. Freed from suspension, the chandelier falls, crushing the six projections and impaling four more that are unlucky enough to stand too close.
“This was taken a few weeks before the car accident. Word on the inside is a turbulent family life - they played up the family angle in business settings, but Howard and Tony never got along.” Nat said. “Mom’s very private, there's barely anything on her other than a few charity balls and ribbon cuttings.”
“What do you want? What makes you happy?” Stark’s eyes had regained their former sharpness, but there remained a tinge of desperation in them.
“Is he gonna be okay?” Wanda asks, eyeing the blood with trepidation.
“My offer has no hidden strings. The only condition is that you succeed.” In one smooth motion, T’Challa rose to his feet, striding over to Steve with the air of a man who knows he's won. “The complete dissolution of the weapons company, Stark Industries. I don't care how you do it or who you choose - I want it gone. These are my terms.”
“We head to the sky bridge’s access point, which is located ten floors below here. That’ll bring us to the North Tower, where my team is waiting.” When he opens the viewport of the scanner it’s just as Sam said: large packs of projections are congregating on every floor below theirs, blocking their path to the access point.
A woman’s tortured scream pierces through the walls. Steve tenses in shock, before realizing it had come from Natasha. Her face was impassive, fully focused on playing the role of Stane, but it was her voice too that came from outside the room, that of a terrified woman who begged and screamed against invisible captors.
Steve found him utterly fascinating. He had never known lamps could look so elegant, or have so many moving parts, certainly far more than Steve could shake any of his legs at.
“Why wouldn’t they be?”
Tony smiles. “ULTRON, of course.”
Steve blinks in surprise before realising Tony’s just making small talk. “The job? Just fell into it, I guess.”
“I can’t tell from here. Just get ready to call for help in case he gets violent.” Steve cautiously made his way over to the man. Propped up against the tree, the stranger was breathing heavily and was clutching at the chest of his fine, though extremely rumpled suit.
“I like the shield just fine.”
The show was finding its second wave of popularity among the hipsters, and Steve sometimes did a double take when he heard it blaring from someone’s phone, suddenly unsure of the reality around him.
This was HIS STEVE was being violated, his beautiful body would be damaged by all their fluids and tussling. Such a horrible notion was off the table.
Tony blinked blearily at the late morning sunlight streaming through the windows, wondering why the sun had chosen to rise early, and why he was hearing his thoughts out loud. Normally the auditory hallucinations didn't start till he’d been awake past the 60-hour mark. And then he realised the voice had come from behind him.
“Seems like you had a busy night, considering you aren't even dressed yet. Thanks, DUM-E.” Steve unhooked the garment bag from the bot’s arm and held it out. “Put on the suit, we have a wedding to get to.”
“Steve, move! What are you doing-?” Tony whirls around, frantically reloading his gauntlet.
Below him, Steve remained primly impassive. The only light in the room now came from the candles, shading Steve’s grain to a rich mahogany, and reflecting off the glass shards like diamonds. Those tiny chips of glass winked up Tony almost accusingly, a sign of his lack of self-control.
The humans swept off all the books off Steve with a clatter. Seconds later, Owner’s back slammed onto Steve. Owner’s Friend climbed onto him and started attacking his neck. The two humans grappled with each other like they were trying to assemble a HEIMNES dresser, STUVA loft bed, KVARTAL track system, and PAX wardrobe all at the same time.
“No, keep them open for me. You're so beautiful.”
“Sorry about that.” Steve leaned against the counter. “I was thinking. About the mission.”
plant an idea into the mind of an innocent man. He
“We can go treasure hunting tomorrow.” Tony began to roll towards Steve, but his gaze was caught by the flickering light once more and he scowled. “That lamp gives me the heebie-jeebies. Tomorrow I’m going to repair the hell out of it.” Tony grumpily rubbed at the burned spot on the back of his neck. “Pretty sure your lamp hates me.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying from the start.” Steve says, a little grumpily. “Call me what you want,”
Hoping he looks less threatening now, Steve plunges into his next lie. “Something like that. You can trust me, I’m your mind’s first line of defense.”
"I've learned a lot about you, Captain. Following your honorable discharge, you became one of the best architects in the business. You and your team were very well-regarded in the underground network of dream infiltration. Until five years ago, that is. Your team fell apart and you abandoned designing completely.” T’Challa leaned forward slightly in his seat, gaze fixed on Steve intently. “You must have had strong reason for that decision."
“I MUST!” Tony blazed furiously.
Silver-haired and handsome, with a proprietary arm around his wife, Howard Stark was the very picture of the moneyed industrialist. The old man knew how to command presence about him, and Steve could see the inklings of it in the younger Tony’s face. But that was where the physical resemblance ended, because where Howard’s eyes were cold and shrewd, Tony had inherited his mother’s expressive brown doe eyes.
There was a pause. Probably Sam and Natasha sharing another ‘we are worried about Steve’ look, Steve thought peevishly. They’d tried, over the years, to be understanding but it was frustrating being handled with kid-gloves all the time. As if he was a time bomb about to go off.
Tony catches him staring and readjusts his shirt with a frown. Clad now in a vest and with with his sleeves rolled up past his forearms, Tony starts organizing his pile of junk, extracting parts and fashioning them into...something.
Another rich asshole, thought Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is great, but all our plans mean squat if we can’t get the guy alone.” Sam said. “He’s pretty much surrounded by bodyguards 24/7.”
Considering what Steve did to him, he probably would have wanted a better friend.
After what felt like a long time, the retching stopped. Stark’s head remained hanging down, a pained whine escaping his lips. He started to sway but Steve quickly caught him by the arm before he could pitch forward into his own sick. Steve wrapped an arm around his waist for support, walked him away from the tree and sat him down on one the benches surrounding the quad.
“Sure fooled me.” Steve smiles wryly. “It’s good to know at least one part of our plan will go right.”
I came up with this idea in 2016 and made a whole bunch of gifsets on tumblr, hoping someone would write the fic for me. After watching Black Panther I felt so inspired that I decided to write it myself! This is the first fanfic I've written since I was 14 years old xD
“You all need disguises.” Natasha shrugs dismissively. “None of you can alter your faces, so this'll have to do.”
Now that Tony wasn’t in constant motion, Steve takes the chance to study him more closely; a smaller, more compact frame, but no lightweight either - the lean lines of muscle in his arms and shoulders speak of a man who had spent years building things with his hands. Tony’s face is rapt with concentration, and his brown eyes - now that they weren’t glaring - are large and long-lashed, ardently focused on his work.
Why would you do that to someone you care about?” His words choked off at the end like he was on the verge of tears. “We're all alone here, sugarbear.”
No, that was ridiculous. Steve had grown up starving in the streets, such a overt display of wealth would be offensive to his sensibilities. This called for something more subtle.
Based on the types of weddings Tony had attended, ‘simple’ could mean just two private islands instead of four. That was what people did, right?
“Guh?” Tony goggled. He felt like all the brain cells he needed for language had died and gone to wherever brain cells went to when they died.
Wanda wrinkled her nose. “I don't think I’ll be much help in a fight…”
Everything was an unmitigated catastrophe, this was going to be the
Her interest was heartening, but Steve hoped Wanda wouldn't balk at the less glamorous parts of the job: combing through financial reports and digging up dirt on targets. “It's not all fun and games, you're going to have put in solid hard work for the next few weeks.”
"Wakanda, huh? Do you know anything about the job?" Steve asked. The small African nation had abandoned its isolationist position just a few years ago, but was already one of the main players in medical research. Their first move on the international stage had caused a stir - the Wakanda Design Group introduced a technology allowing amputees regrow lost limbs - and many suspected that that was just the tip of the iceberg concerning the full range of their expertise.
Tony wasn’t just horrified, he was furious. How dare the humans start assembling each other on top of HIS STEVE.
“I used to be an architect,” Steve says haltingly. “Did lots of work designing buildings, sculptures, mazes...” he fidgets. “I liked it, and I was good at it.”
“What type of deals?”
With Steve as the Extractor of their two-man team and Sam running point, they’d had to hire freelance Architects every time they took a job. Vanko...as it turned out, had been deliberately planted by Hammer. The moment Steve cracked the safe, Vanko had stolen the documents out of his hands and run straight to Hammer. The smarmy little man was now refusing to pay up, even having to the gall to claim ignorance of the whole matter.
Steve chuckled. “No comment.”
They'd barely entered in the dream and the place was quickly turning like a war zone; Sam provides cover fire, concentrating his efforts on harrying the crowd, dodging the deadly rain of bullets with almost superhuman agility.
“That skull face is creepy.” Steve grumbles. Playing the role has never sat right with him. Wearing the mask and interrogating a target always felt like a role that belonged to someone else.
The nights were getting colder, and their breaths puffed out in clouds. Even Steve’s sturdy constitution wasn't enough to fully resist the chill in the air; it’d be a few short weeks until winter was in full swing. He glanced over at Stark. The other man had pulled his coat tightly around him, shivering slightly but his thoughts seemed elsewhere.
in Singapore, though it's a pedestrian bridge so you can't actually drive on it. I always thought it was pretty and wanted to do a shoutout to my own country :p
Steve twists a knob on the PASIV. “I'll talk to Wanda. She shouldn't be so hard on herself.”
Tony aims the cannon at a filing cabinet and fires.
“I knew the risks going in,” Steve squared his jaw. “If anyone wants to step out, now’s your last chance.”
“Right. Action meaning what we’ve been doing for the last five years.” Sam’s mouth twisted. “Taking every money job we can get. Dirty work for scum like Hammer and Pierce.”
First by a pack of three, then five, then eight… each wave of enemies keeps getting bigger than the last. With a concentrated effort, Steve can take down two or three units at a time, but once the projections started coming in groups of thirteen or more…
But he can't afford to fall apart now, not when he has a mission to do, and he shoves down the part of him that wonders if he’s being selfish, that quails at the prospect of returning to that dark Not-Place.
With Scott joining the growing club of people crashing on Sam’s couch and Wanda coming over to work on designs every second she wasn’t in class, Sam’s home was the liveliest it had been in a long time. (“Dammit, guys, my house is not your personal B&B. Clean up your shit!”). The living room table looked like a hurricane had hit it - strewn with architectural drawings and sheets of chemical calculations.
“I don't know.” The uncertainty that had plagued Steve since that night floats back. “You ever think you made the wrong call?”
Trying to reassure, Steve ventures again. “I know that you don't trust me, but-”
Dropping the dramatic attitude, Tony reverts his normal voice. “I’m trying to protect the people i put in harm’s way. When I was in Afg-” He bites back his words, then continues, voice flat and subdued, words sounding almost rehearsed. “I saw young Americans killed by the very weapons I created to defend them and protect them.” His eyes take on a fervent gleam. “No more.”
“Hah. We all need help. There are probably at least three, six medications I should be on, I dunno, but nope, can’t afford hurt the share price after the last time…” Stark didn’t seem to hear him, rambling on about drones, table condiments (pepper?), and some person called Stain.
“Only for emergency, I know, dad.” Peter said. Tony rolled his eyes at his son, ruffling the boy’s head. “And one more thing? You’re not yet allowed to go on a night duty.” Steve said. Peter whined at this. Steve ignored it and continued to explain. “Your father and I already discuss it and come to an agreement. You will never go out alone as Spiderman ever.” Steve said.
Peter eep-ed as he was dragged towards the other side of the huge and wide table where the Young Avengers sat. Nova placed him on one of the empty seats.
“I need to make a call for the Parker household—“He said but was cut off as Peter interjected. “Wait! I’m her relative!”
When they got there, Peter was speechless. The tower they got into was none other than Tony Stark’s tower. His dad’s tower. Peter was panicking. His mind was wild, thinking lot of stuff.
But anyway. Here the next chapter. Hope you all like it?
He closed his eyes, and finally dozed off.
“--the meantime, you’ll get some rest. The rest of the Avengers will understand. Your father and I are thinking of putting you in a group. It’s for your own safely. Call us unfair and all, fine. But I want you to understand that your dad and I are doing this because we care and love you, Peter.” Steve said.
“Actually, I haven’t yet…” He admitted. It was soundless on the other side. It was Tony who broke the odd silence and said. “What do you mean you haven’t placed it yet on the guy?” He asked. “He avoids every projectile!  I have no idea how he knows and manages to evade my every attack. It’s like he’s eyes on the back of his head or something. I’m chasing him right now to try it again.” He explained. “Haa! Someone finally beat up Clint? Dude! This is something to--” Before Tony could finish his sentence he was cut off by Steve’s authoritative voice.
Steve sighed.
Wolverine snorted. Soft hearted people. They irritated the crap out of him. “Seriously? This kid practically screams I’m Spiderman! Your friendly neighborhood hero. The kid is cocky, smartarse, know-it-all and like we all can tell, he has a huge ego just like Tony! Heck, the boy is mini Tony.” Clint flailed his arms around, making weird faces as he explained it to everyone.
“We asked some of the couple neighborhood there and found that some of them did catch Mr. Parker coming home with an ambulance vehicle that he had parked and hid it in their backyard garage; with him was what looked like an incubator for infant. I’m guessing that it probably was the one we saw on the video footage James showed us a while ago. The day next the neighborhood had told us that the couple had a son just out of the blue which made them suspicious about it.”
They slowly explained everything to the boy: discovering Peter Parker was their biological son. They also explained to Peter about their investigation at the Parkers’ old house and found evidences about their experiment on him.
Peter was called to get down to the lab by his dad. There he saw both his parents standing with a smile on their face, which made him stare at them suspiciously.
our Peter is Spiderman then we will deal with it like the adults we are. We’re his parents. I’m sure he has reasons of his own why he wants to be a superhero. But right now I want you, me and the rest of the Avengers to keep an eye on Spiderman for a while. He’s with us now. We have enough time to spend and get to know him and if he trusts us enough, I’m sure by then he will reveal himself.” He said.
he thought, going back to the Stark tower.
“No. It’s okay. What are we about to do for today Mr. Stark?” Reed asked.
Peter thought of it for a minute. This was a hard decision. He was still confused, lost and angry.
In the middle of the night, Clint, Logan, Francis and Brain came back with the information. They came with a name: Ronald Withhold, one of Mr. Parker fellow co-workers. He solidified his belief that he knew nothing of this but revealed Dr. Conner Kurt was also involved in it as well.
naked. Tony raised a brow at Peter, who looked flushed and ashamed before he ran off to his room.
He wondered would he be able to face Steve and Tony after knowing the whole truth about him being the biological son of the great Tony Stark and not to mention that ’Tony Stark’ was working for the SHIELD organization.
The next day.
He cursed, deciding to just head back to the tower or maybe going back to where Frank was to disturb him.
Below them were robots. “Are those robots?” He asked and realized it. “Dude! Those look like the kinds of robot you see in anime! Like the Gundam, Eureka, Tiger and bunny. A mecha! Are you saying you want our help to uh…? I don’t know? Get ride of these things?” He asked.
Tony patted his son’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’ll call an agent to pick up your bag later on. Now where did you leave it so that I can inform Agent Phil to pick it up for you?”
Steve, Bruce and Richard manage to get inside without problems. A woman who went by the name Juniper Magneta (it funny in a weird way) had led them towards the Parker couple’s office and the moment the woman left the room, the three began to search and look for substantiations they could find.
“Wow…this place looked so abandoned and unused. Well then come on guys; let’s check out what we can find about here.” Tony said as he went towards.
He walked down the hallway, all the way through the stairs and went to the kitchen to get a glass of milk and some cookies. After he was done, Peter headed back to his room, lying down on the bed, thinking for a bit, wondering if aunty May was going to be okay. He hoped and prayed she wasn’t in a terminal condition.
“What makes you think I want to join your group or the Avengers? I mean, I work alone. Not that it wouldn’t be nice working with Iron Man or Captain America but still I-”Peter was cut off by Nick. “Really? I have every right to force you to join the group, Peter Parker.” Nick Fury. The boy was paralyzed on his spot. “W-W-What?” Peter said, sounding panic all of a sudden.
“Wait! What about our plan B?” he asked.
The principal nodded in understanding before he went to pick up a second file with photos of chosen students, handling it to Bruce. “Here they are. You can look them up and just come back later or anytime when you have picked one, and I might call them for you so you can interview them." He brushed the bridge of his nose.
“And you had been asleep for two days now, Peter.” Bruce said as he added. “And one more thing, Steve and Tony are in Reed’s office, talking about the poison Green Goblin had used on you.” Bruce said.
Sam nodded, a thoughtful gleam in his eyes. “We all yearn for catharsis.”
- that’ll give you enough time to drive to the river.”
Tony brightened as an idea hit him. If he could cause a distraction, the humans would leave them alone. There was only one drawback...
“Or a useful tool we can use against a powerful enemy. As you said, we are running out of time,” Nakia said. “This way there need not be any blood spilt.”
“Obie! What did they do?” Stark pulls himself towards Natasha as far his his bonds will let him. “God, they really did a number on you.”
That wasn’t part of the plan. Tony blinked. “Saving you?”
With an experienced eye, Sam scrutinizes the exposed structural concrete beams that hold the freeway above the water, mentally gauging the speed of the armored cars. “I’m going to give you guys an opening - Tell Scott to maintain his speed. Don’t slow down even for a second. Or else.”
She whipped out an X-ray printout and waved it in front of their astonished faces. “There’s foreign shrapnel in the chest cavity - looks like he’s had it there for years - and it’s leeching poison into his bloodstream.”
Sam sighed and finished off the last of his coffee. “I’ve always got your back, Steve. We all do.” Sam turned to leave the kitchen, but stopped in the doorway to look over his shoulder. “But you can’t keep doing this lone wolf thing forever. You’re gonna have to face up to yourself eventually. Just hope you know that.” His footsteps receded, and Steve heard the sound of a door shutting firmly.
God, he loved him.
“Steve, behind you!”
Nakia laughed and leaned against his shoulder and T'Challa instinctively put his arm around her, drawing her closer. It felt nice, it had been too long since she had laughed like that and it curled a warmth in the pit of his stomach.
“Actually,” Looking up from his phone, T'Challa broke in. "I just bought the hospital. And all the buildings next to it, the businesses, the security company that monitors the CCTVs on that street…”
Tony’s spherical body was comprised of smooth white plates loosely fitted together, cupping his bulb like petals of a flower. From where Steve was positioned, he could catch tantalizing glimpses of his inner walls: rose gold and glinting with a metallic sheen. When the power was off during the day, Tony looked sculptural and elegant. But at night, Tony’s power was switched on, and that was a different story: illuminated from within, his golden heart limned geometric patterns all over his body, like the sigils of a magical artefact.
Steve pitches forward onto his hands and takes deep grateful gulps of air, his heart hammering in his once-again corporeal body.
And yet… this was his last hope at making things right. There was no other choice but to face it.
“There are too many!” Scott clutches the wheel in desperation as the first armored car draws near. “If we don't shake them, they'll follow us to the first point.”
The show of force was truly impressive - he’d never seen such a well-equipped task force on any other mission.
All that mattered was that Steve was happy. And if Steve was happy, Tony was happy.
T’Challa hadn't taken his gaze off Steve, following his every move with razor-sharp focus. "But money doesn't buy everything, does it, Captain Rogers?”
Sighing, Steve slicked his hair back and hung the towel on the rack. He threw on a pair of sweatpants and an undershirt before heading to the kitchen.
Everything would be fine.
about.” Her face softens to the concerned expression few people had the privilege of seeing. “What the hell, Steve? I thought you said things were under control…”
Slightly reassured by the pep talk, the team packs up into the car for the next stage.
“People have called me a lot of things,” Steve decided to ignore the half-hearted attempt flirting. The poor man was clearly disoriented. “You don’t look too good. Do you need help?”
Bucky had been quiet for days.
"There is another way we could dissuade him,” Nakia paused for a moment, carefully considering her next words. “Dream infiltration."
Steve cast a look at Natasha, who shrugged. "Well, how are we supposed to behave around a king?"
“What?”
Then… a glint where the sun reflects off the lenses of a ski mask and Steve knows with a chill that they’ve been seen.
Steve felt his hackles rise at the mention of Bucky’s full name, and in that moment he was truly angry at T’Challa for backing him into a corner with such a calculated move.
Stark’s expectant gaze melted away as the silence drew out. “That’s what I thought, huh? Never mind, stupid question anyway…” Stark sounded gruff as he staggered to his feet. “Sorry for puking on your shoes. Take this, it’s not like I’ll need it…” He rummaged around for his wallet and held it out to Steve with a lopsided grin.
Wanda looks down herself; she’s in a red bomber jacket and her hair is a lighter shade; honey blonde and wavy. The image jogs something in Steve’s memory and he tries to recall where he’d seen it before… A photo of Wanda, laughing, arm wrapped around the young man with silver hair, the wistful way she had watched T’Challa and Shuri...
His words echo, oddly resonant in the steel-walled room, and he latches onto the momentum of it, drawing whatever courage he can.
The two humans landed on the floor with a thump.
“That’s all you have to show for several weeks worth of work? I didn't hire you to recite the contents of his wiki page.” T’Challa remarked as he took a sip of sugary rainbow-tinged milk.
“Enjoying the view from down there, huh?” Tony winked saucily.
“I'm trying to be a better ruler than he was.” T'Challa touched the silvery ancestral ring he wore on a chain around his neck. The ring’s face was cool, worn smooth by generations of kings before him. “Which is why we can't just sit by as Stark releases ULTRON on the world.”
One day, Owner and Owner’s Companion came home in a strange mood. By the looks of it, they were planning on doing some assembly of their own.
“Is everything a joke to you?” Unprepared for the barrage of innuendos, Steve’s whole face feels like it’s on fire. “Because this isn’t the time nor place.”
Tony pauses take a breath, drawing himself up like he’s about to launch into a rousing speech. “Imagine, a suit of armor around the world-”
“This wasn’t part of our deal.” Steve gritted out. “You're asking me to put my people in danger.”
as he did right now.
“Just cuz things are a little temperamental doesn't mean they're not good.”
To brainwash. He couldn’t say the words. Memories flashed before his eyes, of falling, shattered glass, and too much blood. No.
“It's not always bloodless,” T’Challa whispered. A memory rose to the fore of his mind. “We learned that the hard way.”
“Hello, there. I guess we’re roommates now.” Steve was the first to hesitantly venture.
As much as Sam complained about messy housemates cluttering up his house with their belongings, he'd never said a word about tossing out Bucky’s things.
Steve’s only chance to return it would be the day of the mission. It wasn't like their paths would ever cross otherwise.
Unable to fall asleep, Steve stared at the ceiling, waiting for the sun to come up.
“Don't touch it,” Steve grabs Tony's hand and pulls him away. The idea of those talented hands frostbitten and useless makes his heart thump all the quicker. “It’ll freeze your hands off if you do.”
"It’s not impossible." Steve kept his face stoic as he looked T’Challa directly in the eye. "But before I answer anything else, I'd like to know why you came to us. With all the resources you have, why not take care of the job yourselves?"
“Beautiful. Your shutters are gorgeous. I've never seen you so open before.” Steve regarded him admiringly. He would give an arm and a leg to see TOny like this all the time.
Steve gave a short bark of laughter “We're already out of a job. Unless you know anyone who's hiring.”
The After was measured in hospital visits, grim conversations with Sam, changing his job from Architect to Extractor, accepting any job that came by, long days of blank exhaustion, biting his tongue while he shook hands with corrupt businessmen, and - when he was able to sleep - fleeing from the
Steve nods at her with proud smile. “You've been holding back on us.” Away from the train and the man on the roof, the unnatural cold starts to ebb away. He can start to breathe easier now.
In the ringing silence that follows, Steve can practically hear what everyone is thinking.
“How else would I keep you on your toes?” Natasha stepped over to hug Steve as well. “I heard you had some trouble with Hammer.”
3. Yes, Steve's disguise is a Red Skull mask. I originally wrote it as a dollar-store Captain America mask, but thought it'd be better this way since he's playing the bad cop in the interrogation.
Steve rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “How about his social circle?”
One day, when Sam wasn't around to spot them they ventured so far that reality slipped away, like swimmers who’d gone too far from the shore.
“It's what I was made for.” Tony withdrew his shutters back with a quick flourish, flashing a teasing glimpse of his bulb. “You like?”
“You don’t need to explain,” Picking up the tool, Tony rearranges his face into conciliatory expression. “We've all got scars.”
Downtown DC.
find a way out of his restraints. Slipping the skull mask over his face, Steve enters the room to enact the next part of the plan.
As Steve cast his mind back, he realised that the last two days had been the longest they'd all been together since her departure. How long had it been since they'd all shared a meal in this kitchen together?
"Few were trusted with that information.” T’Challa looked satisfied. "Very impressive work, Ms Romanoff."
As the projection staggers back, Steve retrieves the shield and strikes a blow so hard it tears the creature in two. The metal body collapses with a clatter at Stark’s feet.
“Boss!” A Rolls Royce pulled up to the other end of the quad. A tall, wide-set man in a suit got out and began hurrying towards them.
Smiling, Wanda shook it. Then she paused. “Can we discuss my salary now?”
He picks up the communicator as they pull away from the curb. “How are things looking up there, Sam?”
“That won’t be necessary,” The clock is ticking; in the dream above them, Scott will soon be starting the countdown song to wake everyone up. Steve has to move this along, and quickly. “I'll deal with anything that attacks you.”
“Sounds like a cold world.” Steve says slowly.
“How do we do that?”
put them at risk, he
Steve belatedly wonders if he's made another blunder, but Tony isn't castigating him over invasion of personal space or making any move to shove him away.
The intensity of the moment charges the air between them and Steve can’t help how his body has started to angle closer, looming over the other man. They’re barely three feet apart, so close that he can see every cut, smudge, and scrape on Stark’s face.
to Tony’s insides.
Natasha came and went all hours of the day, but that was to be expected; her information-gathering stints took up most of her time. Steve had no idea how she'd managed to land a placement in SI’s legal department without setting off any of their extensive background checks, but he’d long since learned to stop questioning the clout of Natasha’s impressive spy network.
“We do have one lead.” A photo of a willowy redhead appeared. “Pepper Potts, Tony’s personal assistant and the only person at SI he trusts,” The earlier pictures of them had captured a spark of genuine closeness between Potts and Stark, but as the photos became more recent, the distance between them had grown. The most recent picture showed them standing side by side at a conference, a chilly aura palpable through the screen. “They broke off their engagement in 2013. Still remained friendly, although she’s now married to the head of his security team.”
In the chilliness of the hallway, Tony’s hand feels very warm in his, those long, calloused fingers twitching slightly against his palm. Tony stares at him with an unreadable expression, breaths still coming hard from the exertion of the run, and then his eyes slide down to where their hands are joined.
? And your last name is
When they got there, they saw that everyone was busy. Tony was at the center where a huge oval table was placed upon. Papers, files, boxes and tapes were scattered on the table as Tony began to read some of the files while Brain Braddock arranged some of the records by dates and names. Richard and Bruce were busy examining some of the experiments the Parker couple left behind. Henry Pym and Henry McCoy were busy checking and printing something on the computer.
“Huh?” Peter made a confuse look. “Congratulation Peter, looks like you just passed the test.” He said. Peter’s eye widened in disbelief. “Really?! Does this mean I’m in? Does that mean I get the internship?” Peter felt like smacking himself. Okay, it was obvious he got it. No need to repeat stupid questions. Bruce chuckled at it. “So…when do I start?” He asked.
Tony excused himself from the room. Steve not far behind him.
Chapter 7
now. And when Tony said everything, he really meant
. Peter? Your lost son, huh? Does he know that you’re his father--?” Pepper asked. “No, he doesn’t know anything…” Tony said. “He has the right to know who you and Steve are. His real fathers and not just some guy-…you’re his father Tony, his real father, he has the right to know. Peter is yours. You can always have him back. He is your only heir, after all.” Pepper softly murmured. “I know. Steve and I are planning to let Peter know everything when the time comes…but for now? It’s better to keep it from him.”
Tony knew that he and Steve might not be good or better fathers to their child but they were willing to try to be the best parents to their own child. They had loved the little one that was growing inside Tony those years before, and was eager to try their best for the child, was keen enough to do anything just for their child, even if it meant giving up the Avengers duty.
Steve was searching thoroughly everything when his eyes set on a family photo of three; a female on a chair, a man standing behind her whilst his arms were around the woman’s shoulders and a child nestling safely on the woman’s laps.
“A-Aunt May, what are you t-talking about?” Peter extended his arms to hold her hands in his.
Peter snorted. “Yeah, well, guess what? I get to go to that field trip next Saturday!” He cheered as the phone went death silent for a while until Harry’s boom (not literally though) of distrust could be heard throughout the receiver.
When peter was done reading the letter, he took a deep breath, exhaling it out harshly. Then he laughed and laughed and laughed. His life was complete a mess.
“Tony, breathe! Calm down, love.” Steve shushed; making a fine grab for Tony’s Shoulder and gave it a light squeeze to calm his nerves a little.
Tony just watched his husband. The elevator door dinged open as Peter marched inside the house
Both Richard and Steve nodded and were about to head out when Steve said to Richard. “Reed you go ahead and explain to Bruce about our plan, I’ll catch up with you two in a second. I just… Need to talk something to my husband.” Steve said to which Richard nodded in undersanding. Steve then turned to face Tony who had a baffled look grace on his face. It had been so long since the last time he saw that look and Steve just wanted to- well, squeeze his husband right now.
“Uh… Seriously?! So what you some kind of like the SWAT group or something?” He asked. “…Something likes that… We work for the government--” Hawkeye exclaimed but got cut off as Spiderman quickly said. “No thanks. I don’t like working with the government or becoming one of their dogs who they could order around. So sorry. Find someone else.” Spiderman said as he grabbed his bag and took off, leaving Hawkeye behind dumfounded. “Wait--! Great… He left!” Hawkeye grumbled.
They were busy talking about something important.
“Sure, just don’t kill him.” Tony exasperated.
When Bruce was done, his eyes caught a photo of one ‘Peter Benjamin Parker’ and couldn’t help but to read and look over at his files, and to his surprise, the kid was really smart despite his outer appearance.
“Okay, I leave you to yourself for the night Peter. Here’s your new sleeping wear for the time being. Oh and one more thing, don’t go down to the main lab. It’s off limit. Well then, that’s about it. Have a good night sleep and…sweet dream, Peter.”
Everyone eyed Nick with a serious stare while the Young Avengers all looked interested to meet and get to know Spiderman. Nova, who Peter met last night, came towards him. “Yo! Nice to meet you. I didn’t get to introduce you myself. I’m Nova.” Nova asked with a wide beaming grin. Peter just blinked his eyes at Nova. “Ah…okay, right.” He said. “Cool. Now come on and sit with the rest of us.”
“Oh, okay.” Tony glanced at everyone. It was surprising most of them were present. Especially the steel-claws mutant who was there because he was dragged by none other than Beast.
Group five was at SHIELD headquarters, looking around inside though mostly in the lab or in the information room where they began to search for any documentations or forms about the Parker couple. They found a few on the main computer and grabbed it before heading out. However, Nick Fury was passing by their hallway and inquired them about Spiderman. Their answer was a simple ‘No, not yet’. Nick Fury gave them a suspicious glare as they went out of the SHIELD basement then went back to Stark tower.
(Relax, babe… I think we can still pull it off. The plan might work if we play it perfectly and carefully.) Tony said and then there were arguments, another short silence and another streak of arguments from both Starks. Bruce would have been worried if not for the fact that he’d known them longer to notice that this was just mere playful banter between the two lovebirds. As always. Bruce noticed Natasha coming out from the principal’s office. She made a gesture with her chin, pointing it to the exit.
Steve was apprehensive and although the good news was that Tony was alive and mange to make it during the labor, it was not without suffering from massive blood loss - though they’d succeeded in pulling the newborn out – but Tony came out safe yet their son did not share the same fate. Their little one had to stay in the hospital for the time being, perhaps longer than they’d anticipated just to be sure that Peter would be okay. Steve watched his son from the nursery room tucked warmly inside an incubator. A few tears leaked from his eyes as Bruce gave his support by putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder, telling him to be strong, not just for Tony’s sake, but for their son as well.
Peter nodded his head and said. “I-If I was that kid, I-I’m sure I’d be glad to hear my parents were still looking for me. At least they did their best. I would be glad my parents still want me. B-But w-why would you want to show me this?” He asked.
“That
Now, he just rest in their penthouse.
Everyone in the room stopped talking the moment Nick Fury and the new member showed up. Peter could see Captain America and the others had a disordered look on their face. It made him feel out of place.
The doctor eyed the boy.
He was the son of the great Tony Stark, who had accepted him as one of his students and even treated him as if he was his son (Did Stark know the truth?). He wondered if Tony had longed to see his son again or if ever he had mourned and moved on. Did he even miss his son?
“I will deal with it when the time comes. If and only
“I-I’m sorry. I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you guys sooner. I’m sorry that I-I f-found out you are Iron man and Captain America. I was scared what both of you would d-do if you found out that I was Spiderman. A-And also….I…I know that I…I’m your biological son.” He said with a trembling voice.
“I don’t know Steve. I doubt Peter’s parents were around when he needed them. Didn’t Richard say that his parents were both professional genetic scientists? I don’t doubt that they somehow used our son as their sick experiment when they had him. And it’s sounded suspicious when his parents died in a plane crash!” Tony said.
Steve sappily uttered as he ruffled Peter’s messy locks. The man left the room, closing the door behind him
Dr. Strange and James Rhodes and Johnny were on the other side of the computer, watching some of the old tapes. They had been doing that the moment they got back to the tower. The first thing they did was checking and examining each video tape to see if they could find evidence from there. James saw something out-of-place in the tape as he and Dr. Strange played it on.
Peter blinked.
Peter went towards the elevator, bag on his shoulder with his Spiderman costume in it as he took off. He ran into a nearby alley and put on his costume before swung to where he met Nick Fury yesterday.
Nick Fury eyed Tony before continuing. “As you can see here, gentlemen… Spiderman has been getting on my nerves...” He accused. Before he could continue on, Tony butted in. “So let me get this straight. You want us to check out on Spiderman if he’s on our side or if he’s a threat?” he asked. Nick’s eyebrow twitched as he gave Tony the look before he nodded and went on with the speech. “Yes… Coulson already has the information on where you can find or see Spiderman’s whereabouts. He’s mostly out during the nightfall.” He said.
“I won’t know that unless if I see him for it myself. I’d be the judge whether if he is the one or not.” Bruce solidified. “Very well. I shall tell my secretary to patch Mr. Parker right away Mr. Banner.” He said.
Clint rolled his eyes. “Whatever, Let’s just head back to the tower and propose a strategy to apprehend Spiderman.”
“They are using an infant as their experiment to test the serum on?” Richard couldn’t help but to feel sick at the deep part of his stomach.
Tony rolled his eyes at the little information that Nick gave away which he already understood. The two began to have a heated argument. Steve on the other hand ignored the two as he looked down on a piece of brown folder. He flipped it open to read the given info. As far as he could see from the Intel that Coulson handed him and at the newspapers he often read?  He could already tell that this Spiderman wasn’t a threat to anyone. To him, it looked like Spiderman was just helping and saving people from minor problems that had been going on the New York street during the night.
Tony seldom pondered why such thing like this ensued to them. Did they deserve this? They weren’t the bad guys so how could something like this happen to them? They protected Earth, the people, and every inhabitant, for pity’s sake. Yet some of this people did this kind of cruel thing to them after everything they had done to save them.
) Clint voice could be heard through the intercom. Bruce couldn’t help but to grin silently in his head while following Peter to the gym.
“Ah, I guess that will do.” Bruce agreed.
. It seemed like the kid knew that he was being trailed close and had tricked him into following him around.
“What about, aunt May?” She was using her ‘gentle’ tone and Peter knew it too well she was about to say something he wouldn’t prefer to hear.
Natasha raised a brow at that. “Okay…if that is all then I think I need to go then. But are you really honestly sure that you are not in any way involved? Honesty might save your hide.” She pressed. The answer she received was a nod form the boy. “All right. My work is here is done then.” With that, she left.
Group four was inside their van (the one they borrowed from SHIELD, again). They parked just outside one of Peter Parker’s house. They kept an eye on the boy’s movement. It was a good thing that Steve had goaded Peter into giving him his address in case of emergency. Soon they saw Peter, getting out of the house, locking the front door while talking to someone on his cellphone. Just then a car stopped in front of Peter.
“Is that all?” She asked.
Tony took the cue to come out of the lab. “What going on?” Tony peaked.
Steve gaped at the stuff Tony had bought for Peter. He glared at his husband. Clearly he wasn’t amused at Tony for pampering the child. Sure Peter was their son but it didn’t mean it was right to indulge him right away. He needed to talk to Tony about this. He didn’t want Peter to become a spoiled child.
Steve snapped out of his stupor and glanced up at Bruce before giving him a wide, happy grin and replied. “Never been better, Bruce. I feel just fine. Now let’s get inside the building and get the information for our dear Tony, guys.” Steve said as he walked ahead of them. Both Richard and Bruce glanced at each other, having a confused, wary look before following Steve close.
“Yeah, okay, fine.” Clint moped. “Oh, and by the way, Steve, Peter and I will be leaving tomorrow morning. So I might suggest you guys stay the night. Clint, you need to wear this hat and shade just for safety. I don’t want Peter finding out that you’re among my friends; it would only make him more doubtful of us. And that won’t do.”
Oh how wrong he was.
Three days had passed and May still hadn’t opened her eyes. Peter stayed with her through that. The Starks and Clint decided to stay at the nearest, expensive hotel, due to Tony not wanting to stay in a cheap motel.
When the elevator door flew open, Peter was frozen on his spot. There, he could see all of the Avengers and some of them probably -
They continue their research and reading the rest of the files and documents. They had found out that both Parker couple was making a serum. It appeared they were trying to create a remedy for the head of Oscorp owner since said owner was suffering from a slow but fatal ailment.
“It’s Natasha. I prefer to keep my head where it is right now. Oh and by the way, Clint, please pretend that you’re mute. We don’t want to take the chances of Peter recognizing your voice.” Clint gaped.
Sorry about the late update. WookieCookie was sick for the past few days with the fever, so I have to give her a few break and bed rest for being my beta still she's get better, but I did send her the finishing chapter nine and told her to edited it when she got better and off of the fever.
This surprised Tony and Steve as Clint told them that it was better to go to the old house of the Parker couple since the guy they asked told them that they might find plenty of things there.
The doctor blinked. “Not good. I don’t think she will survive. Her injuries aren’t serious, but the trauma and pain she’s endured has led her into her current state. She has a fragile body. There is a chance that she could survive this or likely….not. We won’t know. It’s up to her now.” The doctor explained grimly.
“Ah! Just a second!” Tony said as he went to rampage something from his bag, pulling out what looked like a clean-shaved burgundy wig and sunglasses as he turned to face his husband who was seated beside him at the front seat of the car.
Peter woke up early in the morning around eight am as he went and had a breakfast with his adoptive…err…biological parents. Weird
The girls; Jane, Susan, Natasha and Jenifer, were at Peter Parker’s house. The girls watched Peter get inside the other kid’s car and drove off, noting that group four was tailing not far behind. The girls then parked somewhere near and got out of the van to begin their mission.
, and a fresh towel as well. No need to worry about that. Now go have dinner and I’ll see you within an hour, okay?” Tony implored. Peter couldn’t go against that wish.
« We’ll do anything for it. I have to talk to Carol. I’m pretty sure she feels the same way as Nat does. They deserve their happy ending, as much as we do. »
« Jarvis, does Tony wear his earpiece? »
« Of course she can stay with us. I’m off today so I am going to prepare everything for tonight. Tell Nat to pick up Peter after school and bring him here. Love u too, S. »
Peter is at the door, with his pyjama and his teddy bear, the one Steve oﬀered him last Christmas.
Steve laughed. That’s why he loves Tony so much. Coming closer, he sat down with them. Peter, captivated by the new car he had just received, didn’t seem to have noticed the dialogue. They stayed silent, watching Peter imagining stories.
Steve doesn't answer and starts walking away.
When they enter the room where the party takes place again, hand in hand, Nat elbows Clint a little and nods his head in their direction.
« Excuse me, but what kind of man just changes his mind so quickly? »
« So, you mean now is too late? »
« And why would you do that? » she answers, half crying, half smiling.
« You should be grateful for this. I saw through you and fell in love with you thanks to this! » he replies, kissing softly Tony’s lips.
« Steve, please, it’s killing me… » Tony manages to whisper.
"Tony, what's wrong? You know you can trust me."
Tony doesn’t answer but Steve can see the relief and happiness on his face. Tony stands up and starts walking out. Right before going through the door, he turns his head.
« Thanks, honey. For accepting. »
« Yes, I did. I- I can’t go on like this. I can’t let you having attacks any time I’m not home and anyway I don’t wanna be far away from you anymore. You’re my energy. It’s not fair being so far. I’ve spent my life doing missions over and over again. I need a break. We both do. You’re the only thing I wanna focus on right now.» Steve steps back and nervously wrings his fingers. « Look, I’m really sorry I had to leave you once more. If only I knew about your anxiety, I would never-»
« How did you know where to catch me? »
« You’ll see »
« God Steve you’re burning up! Why are you laying there? Where does that blood come from?
"Don't give me that face Tony, you know what it does to me" supplies Steve.
Steve frowns and stares at his glass. Clint bites his lip. He forgot how complicated it was between Steve and Tony. For almost one month, they have been under constant tension as soon as they are in the same room. So that even he never knows if they're going to kiss or fight. When Tony declared his love to Steve, shortly before their attack on one of the last hydra bases, it surprised everyone, Steve first. Not knowing what to do, Steve preferred not to answer and ran away from the room. Tony then shut himself off and has been acting as if nothing had happened. However, Clint noticed the little twitch in his hand every time Steve walks into the room. He noticed that no matter what happens, Tony manages not to be alone with Steve in a room. He noticed that Tony never looks at Steve directly.  But above all, he noticed Steve's look when he lays eyes on Tony, that look that says everything about his feelings.
heard. A plane takes off but soon enough, it gets taken down.
« You bet your ass! » Clint replies.
« Hey, honey. Peter explained to me what he had in mind. He wants to take advantage of the party to talk to Nat and I think we should maybe let him do so. For Nat’s happiness. I called Wanda and she explained to me what’s going on with her. She often feels alone, even though she doesn’t show it. That’s why she accepted so many missions recently, even if she could be hurt. She saw us becoming a family, she loves Clint’s children but… She is on her own. She barely sleeps and I feel like, you know, that’s a little bit on us as we clearly didn’t really pay attention the last few months. To fix this, Peter wants to offer Nat a room to sleep with us in the apartment. There are plenty of empty rooms, and I don’t see how it would bother us. Yet, I wanted to ask you if it’s okay for you before saying yes to the kid. If you wanna talk about it, call me. Love u, T »
« Tony, could you tell me what’s going on? I really don’t have time for this. »
Steve screams internally. « NO! » he thinks, « HE IS FREACKING NOT SINGLE. »
« You know, you should talk to him,» he says seriously.
« I'll think about it, okay? »
He can't go on. As he turns to face Steve, he can't believe what he is seeing. Steve looks like he has been shot a thousand times. Multiples opened wounds can be spotted all over his body. He is completely bare, all hair gone. There’s so much blood. Everywhere. His old Captain America suit  is entirely ragged.
« Come on, don’t be a baby Rogers. »
« What do you want, Tony? »
« Shhhhh… Tony calm down, I am here. »
« ARE OUT OF YOUR MIND ROGERS? »
« Tony, I- I don’t know if I can… hold it… anymore… »
Steve’s face darkened and he looked at Tony, a silent question in the eyes. Tony looked as confused as he is.
« Why did you say that? »
Tony yells. He screams as much as he can to find Steve. He needs Steve, he needs his husband. For his own survival. He can't live without Steve, that's unthinkable. If he loses Steve, he loses his home. He needs to find him.
"It’s okay dad. It’s not your fault. He is the one who left us."
« God, please, Steve, come here, come back to me, I need you. » Supplies Tony, halting and whimpering.
« Yes, that’s it, honey. You’re okay, you’ll be fine. I’ll be here with you. This was my last mission, I’m coming home for good. I’ll always be with you from now on.»
« It’s not- »
Steve smiles. Taking Tony’s cheek in hand, he presses his forehead against Tony’s and whispers: « I promise I won’t leave you ever again. I’m all yours, from this day until my last day. I need you to be complete, I need you to live. I want to age with you, to laugh with you, to cry with you. I want to see your future because you’re full of surprises and I love that. I want your fights to be mine, I want to fix your failures, to heal your heart. And most of all, I want you to be mine. I’m really sorry I made you suffer like this, it wasn’t on purpose but it still wasn’t fair. I promise I’ll make it up to you if you give me a chance. »
leave you alone so I stayed. »
« I look after my best friend. I don't think it's against the law. »
« Cause… I saw her crying alone once and I don’t know why. Do you know dad? Do you know why Auntie Nat is sad? »
« Oh, Pete… » Nat wraps her arm around the little body and closes her eyes. «  Yes, yes I’ll stay » She lets out in a sharp breath. Peter hugs her even tighter. By the little jolt of his body, Nat believes he is crying.
« If you carried a handkerchief »
« Jarvis, where did we put the first-aid kit again? »
Peter started walking out. Just before leaving, he turned around.
« Don’t be, please. I’m sorry, I should have known. I am so sorry. »
Steve tilts his head and kisses Tony’s temple.
« Please Steve, don’t do this. » he supplies.
Tony’s voice quivers. As he speaks, Tony manages to pick Steve up and heads to the bedroom. He sees the wound on Steve’s arm. Tony’s heart clenches. Why didn’t he call him? He could have gotten home earlier! Something must have happened. Steve swore to call him if needed, and Tony knows that he keeps his promises. Steve still doesn’t answer, barely awake. His body hasn’t stopped shaking and he is sweating a lot. Tony furrows his brows in worry. He has never seen him like this. First, he needs warm him up. He puts Steve in the bed and covers him with the blanket. He can finally focus on the source of all that blood.
Without hesitation, Steve takes it. « Yes, let’s go. »
« Peter! Aren’t you supposed to sleep? » Steve asks him.
Steve hears Tony’s voice but he is unable to answer. Tony seemed so far and the ocean was only getting closer.
"That’s your punishment for being sassy the day we're getting married."
« Is it clear as an answer? » Tony laughs.
« No, it’s so much more than that. » Thor laughs.
Tony gives a faint smile. And now his A.I is acting like a psychologist huh? He must be very disturbed. Tilting his chin down, he looks at the beautiful city stretching under him, thousands of beautiful lights shinning through the night. Maybe - he thinks - maybe one of them is him. How could he think that everything was going to be alright? How could he think he would have the chance to be happy for once in his life? He should have known that this happiness was to be temporary. It’s been like this all his life, why would this be different? Thousands of lights reflecting in the sky and yet Tony feels so cold in the big empty room. He feels every single hole opening in his heart and he is too much aware of the indicible pain screaming in his chest.
Tony whispers alone as he sits on the fountain’s edge. He has been walking for two hours now and yet, he doesn’t feel any better. It’s even getting worse. He tries his best to breathe as deep as he can but his shaking hands and legs betray him. Gosh, not again, please. It’s been a month since Steve left for a mission and one month since his attacks started again. He knows that when he married Steve, he accepted his life as well. He tries to deal with it, to control it, going outside for a walk like he is doing right now. The sun shines brightly, no clouds can be spotted in the sky, a soft wind skims his skin. It should be a great day, peaceful, but he can’t help it. His work can only distract him for a few hours but anytime he comes back home, he is gripped by the deafening silence of the room. He knows it, he knows he needs Steve to be okay, to feel okay. Steve is home and without him, Tony has the feeling that a part of his soul has been taken away from him. He is not complete this way. A hole rips his chest apart just by thinking about it.
"I don't know... It seems too beautiful Steve. You know better than anyone does how much of a mess I am. My   whole life has been a mess and I feel like… Huh I don't know. I really don't know. I don't want to turn your life into a mess as well. That’s the last thing I’d ever want. Are you sure you want to do this?"
One more time, Tony doesn’t answer. But now he knows what he has to do. Smiling, he walks slowly towards Steve, who doesn’t dare to move. Without hesitation, he takes Steve’s cheek in his hand and presses his lips on Steve’s. From that moment, it’s like someone has lightened fireworks inside Tony’s chest. A soft heat hits his heart and it’s like he is connected with his soul again. Everything seems fine again, like the pain he felt has never been here. Fireworks in his heart, his chest, his stomach. Nothing has ever seemed to have more sense for him than this. Steve. He, who felt so down 10 minutes ago, is now so happy that tears are falling on his cheeks. Happy tears this time. He feels like this is it. This is where he’s meant to be. It doesn’t take too long before Steve kisses Tony back. When they pull away, Tony still senses Steve’s presence on his lips.
« Steve, what’s happening? We don’t have time, we have plenty of things to do! We still have to find the boss of that drug organization and Jarvis doesn’t seem to have any clue of where he could be. It’ll be hard, really hard. »
« In the bathroom Sir. It’s under the sink. »
"STEVE! WHERE ARE YOU?"
"I think it's common to have doubts you know.  I have been thinking about it as well and at the end, there's no world, no version of the story where I am happy without you. I know it. Whatever it takes, I'll always love you Tony Stark, no doubts about this."
« You know that you’re incredibly soft around our kid? »
« Should we wake them up? » Clint asks.
As tony suits up, Jarvis doesn’t say a word. But he’s been here long enough to say that it is not ok. Tony’s face right now, that face, Jarvis has never seen it before. Because deep down he knows. Jarvis knows that all what Tony does, the armors, the jokes, is to hide the sadness which has been hunting him for so many years.
« Yes dad, it is! »
« Come on, I’ll show you your room! » he says, sweeping nat with him. She has no choice but to follow him.
Tony smiled. What could he say? As long as he had Steve, everything would be okay.
And right before he fell asleep, Tony whispered: "As long as I live, I promise."
Steve sighs. He had never thought that the situation would evolve this way. When he ran away, it’s not because he didn’t want to respond but because he was really confused about his own feelings. He had only loved Peggy before, and he didn’t expect to fall in love with a man, especially Tony. He had to take time to sort out his feelings before coming back. But since then, Tony has been avoiding him and he hasn’t found a single time to talk to him alone. He blames himself for waiting so long. He should have fixed the situation earlier. Maybe he would be the one making Tony laugh tonight. Steve watches the stranger. The way he looks at Tony makes Steve want to crush his face. The man suddenly takes Tony’s hand. Worth of all, Tony doesn’t push him away. Steve feels his whole body stretching. He tightens the edge of the table so tightly that the joints of his hands are white. He focuses on their conversation again.
Steve’s jaw drops.  Of all the answers Tony could have given, he never imagined that this would be the one he would choose. He is so shocked that he remains paralyzed. He can’t move, even when the stranger starts dragging Tony behind him as they leave the room. He knows he messed up when he abandoned him, but he would never have thought that Tony would draw a line under him so easily. It takes several minutes before he recovers his motor skills. Gathering his thoughts, he stands up and decides to follow the duo from a distance.
They break apart when they hear Bucky whistle at them, soft smiles on their faces.
An elderly man wearing an apron comes over, notepad in hand. “Hey Nick, you want your usual?” he asks Fury before noticing Tony and directing a warm smile at him. “You must be one of the suits from DC since I ain’t ever seen you here before, and I see everybody. Nice to meet ya, I’m Stan,” he says holding his hand out to Tony for a shake. “I take it your Tony,” Stan continues before Tony can introduce himself, though there doesn’t seem to be a need.
about you Tony,” Sam continues. “In fact, I may be billing you my hourly rates for all the sessions Steve here has-“
Bucky had laughed in his face when Steve had told him the plan because he said Steve wears all his emotions right between his eyebrows but he isn’t about to mess this up now.
“And you think that suit is what
He gathers himself rather quickly, looking toward Rhodes and going over to shake his hand.
Steve had come home to find him under their covers and hogging their blanket
for each other —
He’s staring at his phone, hidden behind his open textbook and he’s taking a selfie that Steve is just going to
so she does what anyone would do.
he’s being ridiculous,
He knows that whenever there’s leg room and probability of no one seeing it, Tony bounces his left leg whenever agitated, particularly when the press turns to a line of questioning he hadn’t anticipated.
There’s almost nothing Steve wouldn't do to see that smile, so when he gets home
family complete with the great businessman but who’s also a loving father, the doting wife and mother with me staring as the golden son. What could possibly go wrong?”
“Ah, damn. There’s a tear,” Tony pouts as he pokes his finger in the hole of Rhodes’ MIT hoodie.
Steve himself rarely made use for the art studio and Tony doesn’t think he’s stepped back into it since he showed it to Steve, until now.
“Well, you seemed like you wanted me gone anyway so-“
and Steve is smiling at him so fondly, hand outstretched and Tony’s heart kinda feels like it’s about to
while the band is playing a song called
that they are familiar with a war hero because vanity doesn’t age out.
“You look lovely Natasha,” Bruce giggles, listing into Thor just a bit.
Steve turns him in his arms and says, “I notice almost everything when it comes to you.”
Tony turns on his back with a grunt, trying to hide the wince from the twinge in his side.  “Yeah, I get it Steve, but
It’s Christmas Eve, and Steve still hasn’t asked him.
Tony says and Steve bundles Tony to his side as they cross the roads back to the villa, watchful of the vespas zipping through the streets and kissing Tony under the moonlight anytime they pause on their way.
A comparison that has been noted by many.
So when Clint suggested a group trip to Malibu for the weekend, he said yes for two simple reasons.
“Maybe so, but there are other ways to fix the town budget without laying people off so callously,” Steve says, just as incensed as every other time he has argued with Tony over the topic for the last 5 days.
But unlike Steve, the boy doesn’t stare back and let it be known that
saying that,
out by the state of your brushes, so I washed them,” Tony shrugs, gesturing at the now clean painting supplies.
“Hello, Mr. Rogers,” Tony greets Steve in the corridor, “How are things in the neighborhood?”
“I’m here! I’m here!” Tony shouts from across the floor of the showroom, drawing looks from the patrons though Steve would argue that Tony draws looks
Steve tries not to roll his eyes because
“I’m just sayin’ that if you don’t come over for blueberry pie after Ma
Steve sighs, takes a bite of his BLT and stares at the mural.
birthday and more about celebrating
His face scrunches, “jesus christ,
He tells Tony that maybe his bed sheets were cursed after all and Tony just laughs along, not mentioning the Mullein petals and Marjoram leaves stuffed in the pillows and the protection spell done under the Moon’s watchful eyes.
Clint, Natasha and Bruce have finished setting up the mud pool, quick work thanks to Thor’s help. It’s rather decent looking, like it had always been planned rather than a quick fix.
is slouching on his frame.
Sam huffs, taking a sip of his tea. “It doesn’t even come close.” He frowns at his mug. “It’s gone cold and I blame you.”
After the war though, it had been less about
“Yeah, well it was bothering me,” Tony says, cheeks going pink as Steve continues to look at him. “Plus, I know how much you hate doing the clean up.”
“No, my opinion is still valid and I threw up in my shower which felt like the equivalent of a 5k.”
The mess shouldn’t really surprise him since Steve
after that.
Says, “Do you think we could get away with showering together or will that be pushing it?” instead of everything he does want to say.
bullies.
“Unsurprising seeing as how his cold shoulder is practically frostbite,” Tony says. “If I ever got married and Howard showed up, I’d be less graceful than Thor was, that’s for sure.”
“Steve?” he hears distantly, like he’s underwater. “What - when did you - why,
on this Tuesday morning
and Steve kinda wants to bash his head in whenever he sees the douche hanging around Tony and — well, Tony seems to enjoy Stone’s attention but there’s something
He stands, gathering all the papers he had pulled out from his folder that was tabbed PARKS. “I’ll get what I need from the spreadsheets,” he says before walking out of the conference room.
“Steve, angel, wake up,” he coaxes, soft and gentle, stroking at Steve’s hair. “Awaken darling, it’s only a nightmare -
Steve sighs, wondering just how long Tony is going to be mad at him for his slip of tongue, putting up his hand in thanks to the driver who waits for them to cross to their new apartment.
with the aged men from the military in their attempt to bond with him simply to boast to
Before anyone has the chance to follow
“I think I can remember that without needing to jot it down baby,” Steve tell him, pulling on his clothes.
Tony’s gives him a minuscule smile. “Your hand is sticky.”
in that box
him but he’d been appreciative nonetheless.
“Yeah well, I’m complaining
“In comparison,” he continues, “there’s only 1 box that’s not even fully filled for actual projects that were carried out. So no, you will not be fired.”
“Rhodey is gonna stick around for a while. He’s using his vacation days so he can continue hanging out with Carol so it’ll just be me heading back.”
A lean man with white hair comes up behind Clint and startles him. “What, you didn’t see that coming Hawkman?”
They both grin at each other before saluting Steve, who rolls his eyes, and tell Tony they’ll catch up with him later before sauntering off hand in hand.
“So,” Steve begins, clapping his hands together, “the city of SHIELD is in debt. The big ups have sent for financial advisors, all the way from DC! They’re gonna take a look at the city’s spending and make some cuts.”
That in just a few short minutes, he’s gonna get to call Tony his
His sweater is blue and has snowflakes all over it.
“Why don’t we head back in -”
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve tells him, but indulges him anyway because saying no to Tony when he’s looking at Steve
A place just for
Steve sputters, cheeks going red. “I do not! He’s just aggravating! I’m aggravated! It has absolutely nothing-“
Steve hasn’t stopped shivering and it’s been 6 hours now.
Except for the next two weeks, Bruce kept humming Taylor Swift at every opportunity.
[Shot of the camera in the bathroom, catching Steve standing in front of the mirror, hands on his hips and smiling awkwardly at himself. “Well, I think it’s time we harvest the rewards,” he says and shoots finger guns.
degree - Steve’s learned to buy doubles whenever shopping for hoodies - so there’s something about watching Tony reach for Rhodes’ rather than
Tony seems to be weighing his options of asking Steve to just leave or straight bolting out of his office himself before his face becomes unreadable and makes a go on gesture.
“Alright, well let’s get wrecked!” Pietro shouts, passing out shot glasses of the clubs signature drink, aptly named Hydra Venom.
Steve kisses Tony’s fingertips and says, “I’ll get your usual,” before joining their son
this is
The first being that he’d love to be out of New York for the 4th weekend because past experience has taught him that Doom is likely to pull another
The police department also arrive, the officers who volunteered to provide security for the festival beginning to set up roadblocks and perimeters around the park.
Tony’s cheeks pink but he’s smiling at Rhodes, “Don’t think I haven’t noticed how cozy you and Ms. Danvers have become honeybear.”
“Oh, I know who you are Rogers,” Rhodes cuts in, grin on his face and a quick glance at Tony. “Nice to officially meet you too.”
being exchanged in a day, a suspicious amount of phone calls -and
Sam gapes at him. “You called him
He blows out the candle before then promptly taking it out and smears the cupcake into Steve’s face that frosting goes up his nose.
of planning, they’re finally here.
be Iron Man. I don’t get to be a hero, I’m a
here’s a
And from the state of his art studio, he definitely has.
“I was working with what I had,” Tony shrugs, bumping Steve in the side. “You gonna be okay?”
But even he can’t outrun the reality of time, always -
A dust of pink covers Tony cheek, “Stan from the diner. His blueberry pancakes are to die for.”
The villa in Ostia that Tony’s mother had given them as a wedding present was gorgeous, the view of the moonlight on the water a perfect backdrop for their nights spent as husbands.
The camera focuses on a sign proclaiming “Lee’s Diner” but the apostrophe has come loose and is hanging upside down. Fury and Tony enter, sliding into a booth a few spaces from the door.
Tony’s hands are fidgeting, his fingernails plucking at the skin of his nail beds and Steve doesn’t even think about it when he reaches over to pry them apart.
But as the keynote speaker, he couldn’t exactly get out of it, nor would he pull the kids out of school for 3 days, thus leaving him with an itch under his skin that grew everyday, turning him into a ball of anxiousness.
They’re on the beach having a bonfire night - though Steve suspects that Clint just wants to eat S’mores without judgement since he’s hogging all the supplies. Thankfully, Sam had packed
because
“How eco conscious of you,” Steve says, staring straight ahead.
Steve can’t say he particularly enjoys these galas.
and he finds himself being enveloped in a hug from all angles, squeezed so tight he can barely suck in a breath.
The second reason is
Rhodes only glances at him a moment, lips twitching just slightly, before moving on. “One of the most effective ways of reducing department costs is getting rid of non-essential personnel as well as identifying where there is unnecessary spending and of course ceasing all new projects.”
and there won’t be a day that goes by that I’ll let you forget it, if you’ll have me. So, Tony Stark, will you do me the honour of marrying me?”
Steve’s shoulders start to shake.
He’d given everyone their own little room that was just
anything.
Tony jerks out of a dreamless sleep, wide awake in a darkened room, illuminated only by the sliver of moonlight slipping on through the curtains.
but dismisses the thought as quick as it came.
Fury doesn’t dignify any of that with a response.
Trying to pry his pillow away from Tony was considerably easy since he barely even moved and come morning, he just gave a small
Fury is smiling as he dances, the whisky in his cup sloshing as he goes.
Okay, so now Steve is confused and a little worried because why is this a hard day for Tony? But he can’t think of -
“No clue,” Steve laughs awkwardly. “They’re weird, like you said. Oh look, people are coming!”
Thor and Bruce were sitting atop the blanket, passing a bowl of grapes back and forth as they watched the sunset, Bucky was setting up the bonfire area with Rhodes and Wanda was sitting on a boulder with Vision, both of them smiling softly at each other.
“You say that like you haven’t rolled off a roof to prove a point before,” Steve tells him, reaching through the window to snatch the bag before coming back to sit in front of Tony.
that Sarah would whack him with a rolled up newspaper if she saw him - Tony knows that for a
happen again.”
He thinks it might have been before the war because while they didn't have much, it was still the
“Yes and good, to
Steve’s cheeks go pink. “Uh, he’s a therapist. And as of recently the Head of PR for the Health Department if you can believe it.”
“Dad, it’s not that hard to be taller than papa,” Peter says, and Steve laughs even harder at that.
“Shut up, you didn’t hear that,” Tony says, cheeks going pink.
Tony doesn’t answer for a while, both him and Bucky sitting in silence and watching the ducks float around the pond.
respond.
against his skin as Tony walks towards him and wonders just how mad he would be if Steve gave him another on his shoulder where
to assume she knows all, Bruce is the only other one that knows how much Tony
It wasn’t like there hadn’t be opportune moments to propose either.
“Oh, we know who you are doll face,” Bucky interrupts, eyes filled with mirth.
Then Steve
“You used those exact words when you got
so he says it aloud and Tony kisses the words back into his mouth.
technically, I cheated because he's not brushing his hair
of messing this up.
“You’re more likely to blast your repulsor to Jamesons’ office window,” Steve tells him, closing his eyes and luxuriating the gentle strokes of Tony’s brush.
not to give anything away on his face.
during the process and about the subject. The paintings I have of my mom
The whole office with the exception of Clint shout, “No!” while the latter shouts, “See it was him!”
Bucky arches an eyebrow back. “Is there no company policy about dating co-workers?”
Steve’s eyes are wide, soaked through waffles forgotten on his plate. “I didn’t- I ju- I was just excited- in the hall he was so condescending and then I went to my thinking place and then it came to me and I just had to rub it in you know he- he thinks it can’t be done and he- he’s just so-”
“Then - then
“Why wouldn’t they?” Tony looks at Bucky quizzically, eyebrows arched.
all of it felt. Didn’t want her to worry I guess.”
, or the feeling of warmth and light and love around them to the point of
Steve hasn’t met him yet, but Tony hasn’t stopped singing praises about the man via text and Steve - he’s not
They’re quiet, unwilling to further a discussion that they
(See the end of the chapter for
- and Tony’s had a rough week, spending whatever spare time in the lab to finish up his final project which thankfully, he submitted yesterday.
Steve grins, “So anyone who comes in will never know your real name.”
They’re both smiling when they pull away, sitting back in their chairs.
“Ignore this moron, he has no brain to mouth filter gorgeous,” Sam says with a grin. “I’m Sam and this is Bucket.”
The diamond wasn’t too big but it wasn’t too small either and it had a strange tint of blue in it that made it seem like it was glowing. It was beautiful and absolutely perfect for Tony.
come now,
Steve sighs, getting out to get the boxes in the backseat and trying his hardest not to laugh as Tony grabs the heaviest one before Steve can reach it, clearly struggling under its weight.
as he spots more and more people making their way through the exhibit, to the back, where his painting is.
“Turn this movi-music down!” Bucky shouts then proceeds to belt the chorus to Nickleback’s Photograph.
or anything, he just wants to make sure that this
It was going to be perfect.
The benefits of a private beach means he doesn’t have to be concerned about strangers in his space at the moment, but it also means he has
Steve’s hair and clothes are damp, the bags under his eyes have never been more pronounced and his shoulders are so
“You’re way too in shape to be eating like that man,” Tony says, eyeing Fury’s plates. He glances down at his own plate and blinks. “How did he know I like blueberries?”
He’s gotten used to Steve’s smile and his laughter, the way he lights up a room with it and makes him feel
“Well good, cause we’re going to be best friends,” Steve says confidently, dragging Tony through the front doors. “Come on, we can’t be late on our first day.”
“A Public Relations director actually. Spot just opened up. Tell him to call,” Fury says before heading back to his own office.
“He can’t actually fire me! He doesn’t have the authority.”
Because Tony does steal Steve’s clothes, to a frankly
the fluttering is closer to his chest now. “I expected better from you.”
She blows out the candle and Steve gives her a one armed hug, which she hastily returns before stepping away. “You love us, but most importantly, you love presents,” he says, handing her an unwrapped shoe sized white box that has a garish pink bow on it.
Tony has a huge smile on his face and he hurries over to Rhodes side of the desk and sits in his lap, hugging him. “I know you’re doing this so you can woo Carol.”
Steve, Sam and Bucky are having an argument on the cushions, shoot glasses drained in front of them.
Steve frowns, “Forgot? Baby, in these last 16 years I have never not once forgotten the
got him to Thor up, and ask Bruce out.”
“Through Steve,” Bucky huffs. “Punk never lets us forget it too. We were in the military together.”
had his workshop.
Tony passes him the glass of water by his bedside and watches as Steve takes big gulps before placing the cup onto his side. “I - I’m sorry I woke you. I haven’t had them in a while now I thought they stopped - it’s why I didn't think to mention -”
and Steve is completely
Brunch itself goes well, and Steve finds he quite likes Rhodes and the man’s sense of humour but something in him
thank you to onetwo3000 on tumblr who requested this along with no.36! I'll have that one up next. Hope you enjoy this <3
Steve freezes in his seat, mouth open and staring at Tony. “You’re leaving?”
Except the server arrives and places the plate right in front of
and should leave carrying the big heavy boxes to you Mr. Macho Man!”
“Hey, so I cooked us dinner. Thought we could do something a little special tonight.” Steve said, trying not to fidget and tip off Tony that he was nervous.
“I love you too.”
“Do you have any vacation days saved up?” Steve asks him.
“Rhodey,” Tony says, voice above a whisper, “they’re all going to lose their jobs. It’ll be true what he said. I’m heartless.”
Thank you. That all. Love you all. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Greed for knowledge? Lust for absolute answers? Glutton for information of more and beyond?
Peter got up and got himself ready for school. He went downstairs to have breakfast with his dads before heading to school.  They offered the boy a ride to the school. He gladly accepted it. They arrived in front of the building as Peter got out of the car.
“Also, the arms have a small hole to where your web shooter can come out. The inside of the suit has a mini web shooter that I design.”
They may not have a stable relationship like the Starks or Erik and Charles, but they were trying their damn best to stay and keep their relationship strong as they could. They weren’t even married to begin with but it didn’t matter. They loved each other and that was a proof enough. He entered the living room; a boy slumped down on the couch, remote in his hand as he coughed once, his back facing him. A smile graced Frank lips as he watched the boy, watched his and Mathew’s son.
On the bright side, Peter was starting to like living with the Rogers-Stark couple. The couple was very loving and supportive of him. Steve sometime even took him for a ride with his bike while Tony spoiled him too darn much.
