Sherlock swallowed and brought his knees up to his chest as he shook his head, “My...” He whispered quietly, using his nickname for Mycroft, a name he hadn’t used since he was four. “What if he doesn’t wake up...” Sherlock dreaded that more than anything. To think he was the cause of this, and then he couldn’t even end up saving him… No, there couldn’t possibly be a world where John didn’t wake up. Though, as much as he told himself that, and firmly believed it to be true, he knew that the chances of John not waking up were very large.
Please please please be my best friend. I am legal. Please and Thank You.
“Then we had better get started,” Sherlock smirked.
He walked downstairs and sat next to John. The insufferable man known as Mycroft decided to put on a movie to try and get everyone’s mind off of what was actually happening. Everyone knew that that was not going to work in the slightest, but he supposed it was a nice gesture.
Small hands landed on his arms and tried to get him to stop thrashing, “oh calm down! Someone just wants to ask you a couple of questions.” She hummed softly.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur?
After what felt like hours had passed John slowly stood up and wiped his face, he needed to be strong for Sherlock. He took a few deep breaths and then slowly made his way down the stairs, but upon seeing Sherlock sitting on the couch, he broke into a fit of sobs again and just ran to him. He threw his arms around the taller boy and held him as close as he could, trying to make their bodies mould together and become one, “I’m so sorry....” He breathed. He wanted to know what had happened after he jumped, but he would ask later, maybe he wouldn’t. He didn’t want to bring up anything for Sherlock that resulted in a bad memory.
! Sherlock hated school with a passion. It was absolutely pointless because he already knew everything! But Mycroft and his father would have none of it. He thought that maybe he could get out of it because he had almost
“Tell Mycroft that I actually do care for him...” He wouldn’t leave Mycroft behind without him knowing that.
“You better not have eaten my tulips!” Sherlock mumbled under his breath. He didn’t even know why he was getting jealous! This wasn’t even a real story after all, but apparently Mycroft thought it held some relevance.
John choked on air and held the scissors in his hand, “Sherlock! I’m not going to cut your hair!” He could not cut Sherlock's hair! That was literally Sherlock's most prized possession – or John thought it should be anyway. The thought of cutting Sherlock's hair honestly felt the same as committing treason!
holyyyyyy shit it's me. My life has been a roller coaster. I moved from Utah to LA and am now pursuing my dreams at being an actor. I had gotten signed by a manager and so I packed up and away I went, but then my manager hadn't booked me in anything and after a year she dropped me by automated email. Such a nice woman. not.
Brian growled and stood up, “no, he bugs me and I had a bad day! You can stay here, but I’m going to make him suffer!” He hissed and started stalking towards Sherlock.
John’s breath caught in his throat and he swallowed as he shifted on his cane. He looked away for a second, all for the act of course, but on the inside he was screaming because Sherlock had picked up every single thing that john had fed him and that was such an amazing thing to witness.
Sherlock ended up leaving the flat soon after John. He wasn’t trying to find John, but he figured if John came back to the flat, instead of going to his motel, he would want to be alone. He looked down as he walked through the park and then after a while sat on a bench. He had hurt John... badly. Sherlock couldn’t remember a time when John’s face had looked like that or when his voice sounded so broken. He knew the answer though; he couldn’t remember the last time he saw his face like that because Sherlock had never seen his face like that. Not even when Sherlock tried to break up with him, but he supposed death was always more painful. And Sherlock did use it as an insult to try and get John to back off.
Her heart clenched slightly and she looked down, “I don’t want that to happen... please hurry.” She practically whimpered.
“Umm.. John..” John blinked rapidly and then shook his head a bit. The man in front of him was so peculiar and weird. He was dressed so awkwardly and John had a slight feeling that this man was off his rocker. “And yours?
Mycroft was miserable... ever since John died, everything just fell apart, but he wouldn’t let his brother see that, “yes, Sherlock?”
John clenched his jaw and glared daggers at him, “Right. Sod this. How can you fucking care about anything? You’re a machine. Can’t believe I ever thought any differently. And for the record... friends protect people.” He growled and shook his head, “Stay here if you want.” He opened the door and then left, slamming it shut behind him.
Sherlock swallowed and gently wrapped his arms around John, holding him tightly, “Perhaps not, but I could not live without you. I’m so proud of you John.” He whispered into his hair, “You were so strong and brave. I don’t expect you to ever forgive me, but I did this for you. I’m back now, my love, and I’m not going anywhere – not unless you want me to...”
“Oh, Doctor Watson, I assure you they do,” he hummed and then narrowed his eyes, “but then again... you’re not a doctor.”
“John, it was probably just a dream...” She said softly and ran her fingers through his hair.
“Sherlock… Maybe John is telling the truth. Why don’t you ask him what happened yesterday…? And while you are at it, give him some space. Come stand over here next to me.” He huffed as Sherlock was practically crawling on John making sure everything was in check.
Sherlock waited patiently for John to move… when he didn’t Sherlock got a bit frustrated because he
Sherlock chuckled softly and brought John's hand up to kiss it. After about ten more minutes of walking aimlessly, he sighed and looked at John, “Alright.... we may be a tad lost.”
Sherlock swallowed hard, “any chance I could have some money now?” He whispered.
John snickered and attacked his face with his hand, squeezing Sherlock's face like a ‘brain sucker’, “Really? I take good care with them, babe!” He snickered and then was silent for a moment before he got a certain thought into his brain, “OH!!! Sherrrrllloooooocccckkkkk.” He sung and then slowly climbed on top of him, which was rather hard to do because they were both standing, he started giggling again. “I want youuu!”
Claire smiled a bit and then went to the kitchen to make him some dinner and fetch his pills out. John was in the shower for a while, but she wasn’t expecting something quick. He needed to get used to his surroundings again. An hour later John came out dressed in his pyjamas, he sat at the kitchen table, and then looked at her, “You made me dinner...?” He wasn’t hungry at all, but he felt bad letting it go to waste.
John screamed and shook him a bit, “HOW FUCKING LONG, SHERLOCK?” He didn’t need an answer; the way Sherlock was avoiding it told him everything he needed to know. No, he didn’t know the exact time, but he knew it was very soon after Sherlock received news.
“Ohhh, I like to think that suits make a big difference. Those jumpers are ghastly, though, I’m starting to grow fond of them.” He smiled some and knelt down so that he was eye level with Mycroft.
He cleaned the both of them up and then they fell asleep in each other’s arms, for perhaps the last time.
broke Sherlock! And the thought of Sherlock actually killing himself, when he had literally told last night that he had suicidal tendencies?? He was feeling horrible, and guilty, and the worst part of all of this was that Sherlock's confession from last night kept playing over and over and over again in his mind. He couldn’t stop it no matter how hard he wanted to. The clock ticked slowly on the wall and he just wanted this day to be over. He wanted to go to Sherlock and apologise because god, he was the biggest prick in the history of biggest pricks.
They went back to the flat and John sat down. He took a few deep breaths and then walked into the kitchen. He grabbed a bag of Sherlock's experiments and put it down the disposal.
Sherlock pulled a table up next to the bed and then sat down next to his mother, “John brought a board game like you asked.” He smiled softly, grabbing her hand.
No, you're a poo!!!
Sherlock wanted to throw up and curl into a ball and sob all at the same time. It felt like John dying all over again, he slowly stood up and walked to his bedroom without saying another word. He was angry at John for not telling him, but he didn’t even care about that right now... his mummy was dying and he wasn’t there for her like he needed to be...
Sherlock sat up more than he already was and blinked rapidly, “Wait… I’m sorry… You do know we are talking about John, right? John wouldn’t fucking hurt a fly unless he had to. He killed in the military, yes, but that was because he had to!” He snapped slightly. Honestly, how could he even tell him this? His body went cold and then he swallowed, “Wait… do you have him in custody? Is that why you’re calling me?” He asked slowly.
Sherlock swallowed hard and shook his head. That wasn't important now. "So... This is it then? You're going to kill me?" He spat, "But you're not following through with your mission. You said you were supposed to torture me so why the fuck aren't you following through?" He snapped.
“John.” Sherlock whispered. “Thank god you’re okay…” He knew John would be okay, he just didn’t like a passed out John. It was very unsettling.
Mike swallowed and knelt back down, “right... sorry, sir.” He chewed on his lip and just sort of stared at the whimpering John. He didn’t know what he wanted... “We umm... we need to get the bullet out...”
Sherlock thought of a thousand different ways, more intimate ways… that they could do it, but John was inexperienced and so was he, so those positions were for a later time. He nodded slowly and then John pushed inside of him. It stung… It stung a lot, but he was a trooper and squeezed his hands into the bed sheets. John was definitely bigger than three fingers, but he supposed most men were bigger than three fingers.
Nothing... it just waved.
Sherlock smirked. “Because that’s,” he adjusted his head and kissed John's shoulder on impulse, he wasn’t quite sure why he did, but it felt right, “my favourite flower.” He hummed happily, “My mother used to tell me when I was a little boy that there were fairies that lived in the tulips. They would come out at night and play.” Sherlock shrugged a little. “I like to believe it’s true. They would prepare the rest of the flowers and make them presentable for the next day so that they always looked their best for the daytime. And then once the first sign of light came up from the horizon they would hide in the trees and sleep.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, “Okay... can we go to bed?”
yOURE PROBABLY THINKING But whitney! How did you write this!!
After adding a third finger John finally pulled out. He slicked up his prick and then slid into Sherlock, John placed his hands on the side of Sherlock's head as he moaned in pleasure. He bent down to press sweet kisses to Sherlock's jaw line, “I love you.” He breathed once he was all the way in. He ran his hand into Sherlock's hair and tugged.
. And yet Sherlock continued to stay away and destroy John in the process. How could someone do that? No, how could
Many months passed and soon it was their year mark. Sherlock was waiting by his mailbox eagerly awaiting the letter and grinned brightly when the mailman handed it to him. He ran inside and tossed a ‘thank you’ over his shoulder.
It swung open and Lestrade blinked. “Hello… Sherlock is it? What can I do for you?”
Sherlock took a breath, yes, he did, but things had changed. And even though he didn’t mean for it to come out of his mouth, he meant it with ever fibre in his being. “When you came back from the military… I wasn’t the same man, John. You must realise that. I wanted to marry you before you left, when I first fell in love with you… but your ‘death’ didn’t treat me well. I closed myself off and even though you were back, I remained shielded because I was so afraid you would leave again… but now here you are. And we’ve been through so much, so much that if anyone else had gone through what we’ve gone through they wouldn’t have made it. You’re the one I’m meant to be with, John. You’re the one I want to spend the rest of my life with… So please. I ask you again. Will you marry me?”
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John scrubbed at his face. “Nothing… Just- why don’t I show you my flat?” He tried.
The tallest one yanked down his own trousers and smirked at Sherlock. John’s blood went cold as the same man ripped off Sherlock's trousers, leaving him in just his pants. Just when John thought he couldn’t bare it anymore two other men came onto the screen and started screaming at the men about to rape Sherlock Holmes – or that’s what it seemed like. John could only see their backs, but their arms were flailing like they were yelling. The group of three seemed to not like what the other two men were saying because the tall one quickly pulled his trousers up and the one who was currently kissing Sherlock's neck pulled away. They stood there for a while before the man that was kissing Sherlock's neck just punched Sherlock in the face. John choked on a sob as they ran back to the van and climbed in, speeding away and leaving Sherlock to rot. John didn’t care though; he didn’t want those men next to Sherlock anyway. Sherlock slumped to the ground and shivered as he tried to pull up his trousers, John was hoping the two men would help him – or at least call for help. however, John clearly had too much faith in humanity because he watched as the two men who saved Sherlock just turned around and left. They left him there... traumatised and in pain. John screamed out in anger and wanted to shut it off, turn off the computer and just never know the rest of what happened, but he didn’t. A couple of minutes passed and Sherlock found the strength to slowly stand up and limp home. The screen went black.
“Hey...” She whispered softly, leave it to her to still read his mind, even in the state she was currently in, “I’m not angry for that... I love the time we got. you make me so proud, Sherlock. Please don’t regret lost time. It was only five years, we had a whole lifetime together.” She would have reached up to rub he cheek, but she was too weak to even do that.
He slowly opened the letter like he always did and pulled it out.
"Death is a funny thing... Isn't it?" She whispered, laying down next to John and hugging him to her.
Sherlock looked down at the scraps in his lap and felt rage. That was
“Oh...” Sherlock sighed and left the room before he did something he would regret.
He closed his eyes and just when their lips were about to touch the door to their flat flew opened and John yanked away so fast he fell over and groaned.
“What?” She asked innocently. “It’s true, plus, you two were always so cute about it.”
Tennish.
Wife: "I'm Just Kidding."
“Hey!” A bubbly voice hummed, jerking John out of his thoughts.
“My body is experiencing things and I’m confused, I don’t like it… and I took my emotions out on Sherlock. And then I found out you two were – a thing… I got angry with you because it really isn’t fair – or that’s how my brain thought. What Sherlock said yesterday was true… But you two can be open about it while I have to keep it hidden. I don’t want anyone to know because it makes me feel abnormal and funny.” He whispered.
“I’ve been wanting to talk to you alone and I was getting tired.” She smiled sadly, “I wanted to talk to you before I.... well....” She trailed off and swallowed, clearing her throat, “I didn’t think he would ever let me have a minute alone with you.”
A week later John was sitting at the rugby lunch table. Things had been pretty mellow ever since John had beaten up Sherlock. Sherlock would continue to sit at his tree and John would continue to sit with his team mates and that was that. Today was a bit different though, Brian was being shifty and he kept glancing over at the tree. John would have said something, but he just wasn’t ready to come out and if he backed Sherlock up that would raise suspicion, which would most likely cause another fight. He sighed and picked at his salad, trying his best to ignore the whole situation.
Army John is bamf... and just think if Sherlock never broke his heart this wouldn't be happening right now.... (;
John sighed as he picked at his food. It was a nice day outside, sure, but he just wished that he could be sitting on the grass eating lunch with Sherlock. After his little confession last night, John had felt like the worst boyfriend known in existence. Not because he didn’t know, but because he didn’t really say much after… he had no idea what to say! And then he just fell asleep like a prick. It was probably better that way anyway; Sherlock didn’t like to deal with emotion. Still… the thought of not being there for Sherlock after he said that hurt a bit.
Before the army him and Sherlock would do experiments together and when he didn’t understand something he would ask and Sherlock would explain. He tried to do that the first day and never again. It ended with Sherlock screaming about how stupid and dull John was, and John screaming back, shattered glass and half coagulated blood flying everywhere until John couldn’t take it and left. He wasn’t going to stay there while Sherlock threw petri dishes and blood at him.
Knock Knock
Sherlock hummed and stood up. He placed his hands behind his back and nodded. “Minor mishap. My father didn’t know of the experiment and genuinely didn’t like you... I don’t blame him...” Sherlock sighed and walked to the door. “The sex was alright... you actually rather suck at sex, but an orgasm is an orgasm and I suppose it’s better than using my own hand... now out you get!” He smiled again as he used his hand to shoo John away. John just sat there trying to catch his breath, but ended up starting to dry heave, “So help me if you throw up on my floor I will rip your balls off....” Sherlock narrowed his eyes and growled some. He was not about to clean the throw up off his rug of a boy he had just kicked out.
John leaned down and kissed him softly again, “Sherlock... do you have a rubber...? Lube..?”
“Please, Sherlock… I want to know and I really don't think – no, I
Sherlock eventually stopped and sunk down to the ground, clutching his head in his bloody, and broken hands. It looked like he was sobbing, but John couldn’t be sure and before he could figure it out the screen went black. John let out a breath and just sat there for a minute. That wasn’t so bad... It wasn’t great, sure, but John definitely had his violent days in the army. He sighed at the memories of his own violent days and slowly played the next one.
John shrugged. “It’s not like you haven’t seen it before. Plus, I don’t want to get redressed only to undress again.”
Sherlock cried with joy and smiled at John, “Yay!” He hummed and waited patiently, John was always so good to him. Saving him in this drastic time of need.
GOD I HAVE THE WORST HEADACHE! hELP ME!!!! ;-;
The retail store.
The garden was set under a large stony gateway and was filled with an assortment of flowers. There was a section of purple, red, and yellow roses. Stargazer lilies were scattered about. There were daisies every which way. Every flower John had ever seen, and some he hadn’t, were in the garden. It was breathtaking and John loved it.
Weeks passed and things started to fall into a routine for them. They solved cases, went out to eat, and watched crap telly together. On days when they didn’t have a case John would make Sherlock clean his messes or they would take a walk together. He would listen to Sherlock play his violin at three in the morning and everything just felt like... home... and that terrified him.
November 16, 2019
“OF COURSE NOT!!!!” He screamed.
John did relax a bit and nodded, “Well, it does taste good.” He sighed some, he tried to keep on his happy face, but he just couldn’t. He was still hurting and upset and he had a feeling this girl could tell – or maybe she just fancied him, but she kept staring at him even though she had other customers to attend to and really John just wanted to be left alone.
Sherlock sighed. It would be interesting to see how people lived in this era.. “Fine.” He smiled a little. “Lead the way, Doctor.” He hummed.
“Wait... You’re… you—“ John stuttered, but Brian helped him through it.
COMMENT AND KUDOS PPPLLLEEEAAAASSSSEEEE!! IT MAKES ME FEEL AWESOME INSIDE!
Sherlock just growled at him and started crying yet again, “Yes there are! You said so! John!!!!!”
Sherlock grumbled and then tried to unbutton them, but couldn’t do it either. He growled and tried harder and then screamed and looked at John with panic. “JOHN!!!! They aren’t coming off! What if they will never ever, ever never come off?” He sniffled and looked at John pitifully, slumping a bit against the wall.
John looked around the room and sighed. He wished he had at least gotten a water or something so he didn’t feel out so of place. Instead, John just let his mind wander, not caring what people thought of him for the moment.
John looked up at Sherlock hoping he would tell him what the right thing to do was. Sherlock just stared at him. He supposed the right thing would be to wait… He was his father after all and by leaving Harry would be all alone with him, but John couldn’t stand to be in the room with this man any longer. All he wanted to do was to go home and take a shower, to wash all the bad memories away. “I want to leave…” He whispered and tore his eyes away from his unconscious dad. He watched as Mycroft nodded and then walked out of the house.
Answer:
John's eyes snapped opened as he looked at Sherlock like he was barking mad. “Sherlock, you just got shot in the chest and I swear that bed is smaller than a twin. I don’t want to hurt you...”
Love,
“Like hell I’m telling you! You are some random insane man who is claiming to be Sherlock Holmes!” John huffed.
Who's there?
“Because even though everyone thinks it’s not possible… even though I thought that myself up until four days ago… even though the world might not ever agree with our life choices… and even though your father hates you for it… I-“ He took a long shaky breath. This was hard for him, almost impossible really, but he wanted to do it. “I think I love you….”
"No! I'm not going to kill myself! Happy? Now go!" He snapped, because honestly she didn’t have to beat around the bush, just fucking come out and ask him like he wasn’t some fragile little thing.
Sherlock smiled softly and then stood up and went to go get a rag. He never did that with Brian, but with John it was different. He wanted to please John – always. He wanted to take care of him, and he wasn’t going to be able to for much longer. He didn’t know what was to come, but he knew that he wasn’t going to live. James was going to destroy John by killing Sherlock. It was as simple as that; it was the only thing that would destroy John. John would endure torture for him, would walk through fire, would burn cities to the ground, hell, he would even kill, as long as it meant that Sherlock was alive and well at the end of it all. And Sherlock knew that James also knew that. No, Sherlock was going to die. It was the only possible outcome and as long as John was safe, Sherlock was able to make his peace with it.
Sherlock and John stumbled through the Baker Street door and burst into a fit of giggles. “You have the most beautiful fingers ever, John!” Sherlock slurred as he pressed John's hand to his face. Everything was warm and fuzzy. He felt delightful, better than he had in years.
He rolled his eyes and clenched his jaw, god, John was being more insufferable than usual, “YOU WERE DEAD! WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO? WRITE TO YOUR GHOST!”
Sherlock ran a hand up John's chest and then grabbed hold of John's dog tags, even though John was back he didn’t take them off and Sherlock loved that.
“I- nothing you just scared me is all…” he walked over to the dresser and pulled open one of the drawers, searching for some pants. “I thought you were mad at me…” He mumbled, mainly to himself, but of course Sherlock still heard him.
I've been sort of MIA because honestly Sherlock S4 fucked me up. I had that season so so much and it made me sort of fall out of love with Sherlock. But slowly, I've gotten back in to the fics and Tumblr and I just pretend like s4 doesn’t exist because it makes me so made. I just have a lot of feelings. ANYWAYYYYY on with the story then!
John pressed his face against her neck and shook his head, “It still wasn’t right of me to be so cruel to you... I really do appreciate all you’re doing for me.” He whispered quietly.
Ted threw John back down on the ground, well at least that got him to let go of John. “What’s so funny, fag junior?” he yelled and started making his way towards Sherlock.
Sherlock leaned down and kissed John’s lips softly. His whole body was telling him to go fast, but he wanted to go slow. “I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you.” He smiled and started taking off John’s jumper, carefully. He was in love with this jumper and he wasn’t about to ruin it! “And tonight I want you.” He whispered as he kissed John's collarbone.
John sighed and got up and out of bed. He took a short shower and then went out and looked at the clothes Sherlock had set out for him. He smiled because it was a black and white striped jumper. John had a suspicion that Sherlock was in love with that jumper and that was all fine with John. He got dressed and then came down the stairs, grinning. “So Sherlock! Later today I have a surprise for you… umm hopefully! I probably shouldn’t have even told you because it might not happen, but I’m just so excited!!” He grinned and hugged him.
Sherlock blinked, “What... I don’t understand...” That made no sense... James Moriarty loved tormenting people and he would never give into suicide – or the Moriarty he knew wouldn’t, but Sherlock supposed times had changed… he certainly wasn’t the same Sherlock that he was before John had left, and John wasn’t the same John either.
“Well, umm… What is the last thing you remember..?” He said as he walked over to the bed and sat down.
John laughed so hard he almost fell off the bed as well. He peered off the edge of the bed and smirked, “Sherlock... I think it’s under the blanket with you.”
“Then why are you here John!” He snapped and glared at him, “Because I can’t for the life of me figure that out! I keep thinking that you’ll end up leaving, but you keep staying! No one ever stays and yet here you are! You’re my friend... and I would even consider you my best friend, but I know you don’t feel the same!” He growled. “Sorry– just....” He swallowed thickly, “I’ve never had a friend because no one has wanted to be my friend and I don’t know.... I don’t know how to act.... I–“ He took a shaky breath and looked up at John, “I am so scared you will leave me, John, and I really can’t have that...”
They got to the funeral and the family was ushered into a small room. This was the part Sherlock was dreading... at the viewing it was open and everyone could see her and it seemed like it would last that way forever, but now, here in this small room, Sherlock knew it was going to end.
It pained John to feel that, but at the same time maybe that was for the better. Maybe they would grow together as one – like John said in his letters, if they got through this they could get through anything, but maybe they were just going to fall even further apart. John didn’t know what he would do with himself if Sherlock didn’t want him anymore, but was that even really fair? There was a huge chance that John didn’t want Sherlock anymore, so now it came down to: was he feeling this way because he actually cared about Sherlock now? That he could care for this new Sherlock? Or did he just hate the thought of someone not wanting him, someone he used to be so close to pushing him away? He pushed that thought down as quickly as it arose and walked into the flat, “Sherlock..?” He called out softly.
“Right...” John scoffs and shakes his head. He pauses for a second and then suddenly mashes his mouth against Sherlock's.
That was of course useless, but he could dream. He wrapped his left hand on the handle of the car door for leverage and then brought his right hand down as hard as he could against the window. He did it again and again and again and it wasn’t
Sherlock gave him a weak goodbye before slowly walking up to the guest bedroom and trying to find sleep for himself. He was finally home, and he was no longer in danger... He was certain it was going to be the best sleep he had had in a long time.
Sherlock...
John frowned as well, “I’m not leaving you... she’s just a friend and I talked all about you and she wants to meet you!”
John swallowed and nodded slowly, not quite looking at him, “Well, at least you thought something, I was left in the dark… I thought you hated me at the very least, but I honestly just didn’t know... I did know you were alive though, I had my Commanding Officer check… I think I would rather think you were dead, than just experience silence.”
Mycroft grit his teeth, “fine! I will send a helicopter, but so help me if it is not John Watson I will make your life a living hell, that I can promise!” He threatened harshly, he was powerful, he could do things no man dared to imagine. No, he wouldn’t just throw people in all willy-nilly, but this was John they were talking about and you just didn’t joke about John… not to the Holmes family anyway.
fuck I'm getting carried away... well hope you enjoyed my story!
“John....” a voice said a bit nervously.
“MYCROFT!!! HE’S A MEANIE!! MAKE HIM STOP I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING!!!!” He cried harder and wanted to get up and run away, but he couldn’t move his body and why couldn’t he move?
“I told you if he came back I wouldn’t be so nice. So tell me, Sherlock, why is he here?” Sigar drawled.
(See the end of the chapter for
together. Then when Sherlock offered to walk John home and John had actually agreed. Not to mention the fact that John sat next to him on Monday even though he had no reason to, and could hardly take his eyes off of him today. “No, actually I think I will have your boyfriend do it. Right here.” He trailed his freehand down to Sherlock's stomach.
Mike swore under his breath. "You can't love him John... You have a job to do and he's going to die either way."
“STOP IT!!!” Sherlock screamed. “My grandmother gave that to me!” He would not stand up. He would
John woke up with an excruciating headache, his body felt like he had been hit by a train and run over several times. He looked over to the right and saw the empty bottle of whiskey, fuck, had he drank that whole bottle? No wonder he felt like shit. He groaned loudly and closed his eyes again. He barely remembered anything, but he did faintly remember a mean Sherlock – fucking brain trying to punish him, hadn’t Sherlock punished him enough? Why was his brain trying to make him suffer even more?
Sherlock waited for a second, almost like he was waiting for John to say something else and when he didn’t he frowned, “aren’t you supposed to ask me how I’m doing now?”
John snickered and smiled sweetly at Sherlock's mother. “I really hope I don’t intrude on your family… it’s just– well…” John looked down.
“John...” He swallowed and shifted a bit. He was clearly uncomfortable, but John didn’t notice because he was too busy with his papers, they seemed to give him a purpose in life when nothing else would these days.
“My son is a fag and so is my daughter! I’m a raging alcoholic and your mother hates me! I also tried to kill my two children and that’s a life sentence in jail... I can’t run forever, John, so I’m ending it now... and I’m taking you with me because even though I can’t rid the world of all poofs at least I can take my own son in the process!” He growled and then stomped on the gas harder, “Not too much longer now.”
DEUCES BITCHES!!
Sherlock flinched at her tone of voice. He knew he had messed up and he knew that there were consequences, “Why...” He whispered quietly, because honestly he thought that his and John’s pain were equivalent.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
Sherlock sighed impatiently and John could tell he was just resisting the urge to roll his eyes, “Which is it? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
He closed his eyes and took in the desert smell. He had grown to love the smell and the danger – the adrenaline. It was the best part and if not for any of those things he would be miserable. He also had grown to love the heat, despite telling himself he would never like it in the beginning. He found himself craving hot nights in his tent, the ability to not have to wear a jacket.
He made his way up the steps and knocked on the front door, he just needed his mother. He needed someone to talk to, someone that wasn’t Claire, or Mycroft, or Sherlock. It had been years and he missed her more than anything, but he supposed not enough to really do anything about it. Perhaps that was because he resented her for everything that happened with his father – before Sherlock came into his life anyway.
John's hurt and sadness were quickly replaced with anger. He was still hurt, very much so, but he was angrier at the moment than anything else. “And did you find all of the fucking data you needed?” He growled, standing up off the floor so he could be at least somewhat level with Sherlock.
enjoy the story!
“Doubtful.” He grumbled and Sherlock wasn’t sure which part he was saying doubtful to, but he knew it was a weak reply. However, John already did love it and seeing Sherlock so happy after what had just happened made his heart swell.
Mike blinked some more and shifted, “umm, sir... I don’t know if this is a test or something, but I really don’t feel comfortable shooting you...” he swallowed. He honestly hated telling John ‘no’, but he really didn’t want to shoot John.
John swallowed hard and nodded. “Sherlock…” He said pausing slightly. “Don’t you dare give me this because you feel like you have to repay me. I did what I did because I love you, not because I expected something in return… Christ, Sherlock if-“ Sherlock cut him off with a soft kiss to his lips.
Sherlock smiled a little and was quiet for a minute. “Does this mean – does this mean we are friends?” He smiled more.
She pulled away slowly and smiled sadly at him, “You’re so handsome...” She whispered and then sniffled, “Did you hear about Jim..? Tragic really I–“
John huffed, “I only just found out. Literally. Just found out, and you didn’t even really give me the chance to tell you. I came to plant the flowers. And when I came inside to talk to you, I was drugged, so… no time to tell you exactly…” He hissed back at him. “Plus, I’m incredibly pissed off at him and it’s not really my place to tell you, now is it?”
John sat next to him and held his hand tightly. He was always going to be there for Sherlock.
Sherlock walked through the door of Baker Street and smiled at John, “Hi... sorry I made you leave, I just didn’t want to scare her because she hasn’t seen you in four and a half years and she thinks you’re dead...” He said softly as he walked over to John and kissed him.
“John, I’m really sorry... If it was up to me I—“
John blinked and stopped writing. He slowly looked up at Zack and nodded slowly. “Alright.... I just- I’ll be gone before school gets out...” John knew that this was going to happen eventually, but he didn’t plan on staying here for that long anyway... He had only needed three or four more weeks and then he would be gone! Everything would have worked itself out... He was certain of that.
John’s throat was burning and he didn’t know why... he could only assume that it hurt because of the constant screaming he was doing from behind the car, he hadn’t even realised he was screaming – when did he start that? It made sense though, he was calling out orders to other soldiers and yelling over the gunfire so that they would hear his commands. Captain John Watson… The one everyone looked up to, even if he was a bit of a hermit on off days. John poked his head over the car, firing his gun as he did so, and that’s when he saw it. He swallowed hard as an eighteen-year-old boy was standing in the middle of the opened, looking like a scared cat. Christ, John was pretty sure he just got transferred in that morning, of course he had no fucking idea what to do, John would be just as terrified if this had happened to him on his first day. He yelled to the boy as loud as he could – he didn’t even know his name… The boy, however, wasn’t paying attention to him, he was just standing there frozen watching bullets soar by, hoping that one didn’t hit him – even though he was making himself the easiest target in the history of targets. Fuck. John watched, calculating options he should take, and with each moment that passed he knew the fate was inevitable, that this boy was going to die – no, he wouldn’t let that happen. This boy had a future ahead of him and even though he could die later down the line, at least John would have made it so he lived a bit longer, possibly long enough to outlive his time in this war. John realised he wasn’t much older, he had a future too… he was only twenty-three, but he always put others needs before his own, if he were to die saving a young boy it would all be worth it. If he stayed where he was and watched as this young boy died, doing nothing to stop it, he wouldn’t be able to live with himself.
Claire wanted to cry, but she also knew that doing so wouldn't help the situation so she took a breath and held it together, waiting for Garrett to continue, but not knowing if he would. She just didn’t know what to say back to him, thankfully, he did indeed keep talking.
He limped to the centre of the room and gave a slight smile, “Can I help you?”
to know that John was safe and he had no idea what he would say for coming here when he realised that John was sitting on the sofa doing homework with Zack... He would just tease John some more and then get punched by Zack, but at least he was
“So... will you come back to my flat...? I would say you could have the upstairs room so that we aren’t sharing one, take things at a slow pace, but... it’s occupied...” He pursed his lips, so much for not telling him about Brian, and perhaps he didn’t have to, but if John was coming back to the flat he would most certainly find out eventually.
His mother shrugged slightly, “been better.” She sighed and then just cut to the point, “why are you here, John? We haven’t spoken in years.”
Sherlock grumbled a bit and then took a sip of his tea and smiled brightly. “Oh my!! This is so amazing, John!! Thank you so much for making me tea and inviting me into your home.” He said sincerely.
“John.” Mycroft cooed softly. “I need you to stay with me and then you can go to sleep.” He said quietly as he put his hand on the boy’s forehead.
John just cried harder, “No!! You left me...” Was Sherlock always this rude? Of course he was needy right now, he was fucking miserable.
Chapter 13 will be Sherlock's Point of view so it will kind of jump backwards in time... JUST A HEADS UP! WOO!!! Anyway thanks for reading!!
Some guy came to the front of the room and stood right in front of the casket, “If you would like to say your last goodbyes to Lily Holmes please do so now.” Sherlock’s eyes swelled up with tears and he didn’t want it to end. He was going to close the casket and then she wouldn’t be able to breathe! He didn’t even know who this man was, but he didn’t like him! How dare he close his mother in a box and put her under the ground.
Lily smiled brightly at the two of them and held out her arms, “My beautiful boys...” She said softly and almost started crying at the sight of John, she honestly didn’t ever expect to see him again.
A year passed and John hadn’t heard anything from Sherlock. He had written to him every single day after a couple of weeks of hearing nothing... John had written 365 letters now and he was done... he was so tired and just wanted peace. Sometimes he missed days because he was so busy, but then he would just write two letters the next day to make up for it.
Sherlock was taken aback by this, now he felt even more confused. He always knew what was going on, he most of the time knew what people were going to say, but within the past hour or so John had managed to confuse Sherlock more than once. That must have been some sort of record. “That’s not what people normally say…”
Brian thought about this and then a slow smile spread across his lips. He saw the way John was looking at him…and this would only prove his theory. He had his suspicions on Friday when he saw them actually
“WHAT?” John choked on his drink and pushed it away from him. Dammit! She was flirting with him and he was basically oogling her like he wanted to tear her clothes off, giving her reason to make a move, “And why on earth did you give me a drink called Love Potion?”
Soon they were all dressed and ready. They were both still sporting headaches, but Sherlock tried to push that feeling away. Though, it wasn’t working and that made him angry and a tad bit annoyed. They walked for what felt like miles and Sherlock had absolutely no idea where they were... though, he would never admit it. He also knew John didn’t understand why they didn’t get a cab, but Sherlock couldn’t exactly tell the cabbie the address so walking it was.
The Doctor blinked more. “What.. Dragon’s...? There is no such thing as dragon’s… on earth anyway..”
No, Doctor Watson, You prick!
John felt tears prick his eyes and he swallowed down a lump, for some reason Sherlock agreeing to tell him didn’t make him feel any better. He supposed that was because when he came back from Scotland it became about so much more than just the secrets. Sherlock had cheated on him, twice. And he understood the first time, he really did, but the fact he didn’t even wait five minutes? He knew people coped differently and that Sherlock was never one to do things the way others did them, but he felt betrayed. “I don’t…” He took a breath to steady his voice because it had cracked, “I don’t know if I can. I thought I could, I thought that’s all I wanted to hear, but now I’ve heard it and I’m still…” he trailed off and shook his head, “you hurt me, Sherlock. You hurt me more than I’ve ever been hurt before and you continue to hurt me and I keep coming back like a fucking addict because I can’t get enough of you, but there comes a point in the addict’s life that he realizes he needs to stop or he’s going to die.”  Obviously, John couldn’t really die by heartbreak. But he could die from depression, he could die from alcoholism, he could die from a lot of things. All of which wouldn’t be a problem if Sherlock wasn’t around.
“Shhh.” John cooed. “You’re going to be alright. Mycroft is driving insanely fast to the hospital right now.” He whispered softly. “So either we get there in time to save you, or he crashes and we all die together, like The Notebook… only we aren’t old, but none of that
bwwhahahahahha that one was great
John did laugh at that, a short dry laugh that didn’t sound anything like he was happy. “You know just how to do that. So unless that’s what you plan on doing, I’m going to hang up and I don’t want you to ever contact me again unless you’re calling to tell me the truth.” He picked up the remote and muted the telly so that he could hear Sherlock better, but also because the sound was driving him crazy while he was on the phone.
John blinked, “Sherlock!! Why in the hell did you threaten the principle!!!”
After a while Sherlock swallowed and then slowly wrapped an arm around John. His heart was pounding and he thought that that was tedious, but he hadn’t tried to do anything with John since he tried to hold his hand. He was terrified John was going to reject him again, but instead he just hummed and nuzzled closer. He actually nuzzled to him and Sherlock's heart swelled.
“Umm, it was really wet. So I went to a brick building… all of the doors were locked but then I used the other door and it was opened so I slept under a thing.” John hummed, clearly proud of himself for remembering the important details.
Mycroft groaned, “Why are you covering up for them? I can help you... you can be with him...” He swallowed hard. “You told me that there is a difference between killers and assassins... Killers kill for fun... you only kill because you get paid... You wouldn’t do this if you weren’t getting paid. I know it.”
“Do you like it?” he asked softly. He knew John obviously liked it, but he didn’t know what else to say.
“Hello?” Sebastian answered on the second ring.
A month passed and it happened to be the one-year anniversary of Sherlock’s suicide. John had been drinking a lot more lately and it felt like he was living in a fog. He always had hallucinations of Sherlock at night when he was completely gone, but Sherlock was always mean to him. Sadly, John didn’t care because he got to see Sherlock, he got to hear his voice and that was something he was terrified he was going to forget one day, so he continued drinking to remember. John also rarely left the house, but today he managed to force himself out of bed and into the shower.
Sherlock's mother started having a coughing fit and about dropped the fine china plate she was currently holding. “A friend…?” She echoed slightly. She didn’t even register the second half of that sentence because since when did Sherlock have friends? And since when did he bring them home?
Sherlock rolled his eyes and John looked like he was about to keel over and die from embarrassment, he also wasn’t doing anything to deny the fact that they didn’t actually have sex and John wanted to punch him. “You only say that because you know that if you were to set out and ‘seek it’ you would fail!” Sherlock said while still snickering. He plunged his finger in a jar of peanut butter and sucked it off and then smiled at John.
Sherlock took his hand in his once more, partly because he wanted to, but mostly because he wanted to reassure John that it was okay. He squeezed his hand once and looked at his mother. “John’s father kicked him out because he’s gay and now he doesn’t have anywhere to go.”
Mycroft’s jaw clenched and he stared at the ground, “He’ll catch onto you sooner or later!”
John shook his head. “No, it’s ok. Really I’m fine, suppose it will be good to stop hanging out with those pricks for a while anyway.”
Sherlock felt awful... Looking back at it now he could very much see the wrong in his problem. He ran after him and called out, "wait! John!" He pushed through the doors and was standing on the gravel with John still ahead of him, he thought of running to catch up, but perhaps space was a good thing for John right now.
“Whatever could you possibly ask me? You’ve already taken everything.” He says dryly and John thinks he can strangle him.
Sherlock blinked from his tree as he watched John. He was confused and nothing made sense and he didn’t know why John was so shaky… he was practically vibrating and screaming and he wished more than anything that he could go up and ask the blond headed boy what had just happened, but he couldn’t. So he stayed by his tree and watched John with fascination, trying to figure out what happened.
it from John.
“Night,” John said softly.
“No, he’s not! He was with me last night! He stayed with me! He held me as I cried against him! I could smell him, I could feel his lips against my head, I could feel his arms around me!” He snapped into her chest, “It was real!” He cried against her. He was sick of crying, but he couldn’t help it. The tears just kept coming and they wouldn’t stop, especially not now. Not when he had had Sherlock so close, and it was different this time. He wasn’t blurry, he wasn’t rude, and he could actually touch him.
John's breath caught and he couldn’t seem to answer. He tried to form the words, but they all got stuck in his throat. God, Sherlock's voice was beautiful… It had deepened like John's as well, and just hearing his voice again after four and a half years…
Sherlock flinched on the other end and swallowed, “I just thought you would still be here… where did you go….”
About an hour or so later the door opened and Sherlock stood up immediately, sort of toppling John over in the process, but John didn’t care. He just scrambled up to his feet as well and stood next to Sherlock, “Let go, Mycroft! I can help her to her room!” He huffed and took her into his arms, stupid Mycroft leaving work to go get her. Sherlock could have easily done that, but Mycroft insisted – no matter. Sherlock was just going to take the best damn care of her from this point on.
"If you don't kill him you'll be on his shit list! And I don't give a flying fuck if you're suicidal and want to be, but you are not dragging the rest of your staff down with you!" He snapped. "Because that is what would happen! You don't love him you're just caught up in the moment of someone having feelings for you because you haven't ever experienced that! So grow the fuck up and start planning the last step!" With that he stood up and stormed out of the room, slamming the door.
Claire grinned, “Hello, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
left me.” He narrowed his eyes, but then just looked down. He wanted to be mad with Sherlock, but seeing him here standing there in front of him was too much to take in. He couldn’t be mad and that terrified him.
redpants221b is a cute little individual who comments on the majority of my chapters. This person loves my work and they asked me to give them a new chapter as an update... sure they were probs joking slash didn't think it would actually happen, but let me tell you this IT DID!!
John lifted his body up and put his hands on the button of Sherlock's trousers. He slowly undid them and pulled them down. He did leave Sherlock's pants on though, because he wanted this moment to last. Just like Sherlock, he also wanted their first time to be special and rushing things wouldn’t make it nearly as special as they wanted. John reached for his own trousers, but was stopped by Sherlock's hands, though, soon John's trousers were discarded as well and they were both kneeling on the bed in their pants. “Lie down.” John whispered softly as he gently pushed Sherlock to a laying position.
“How about the one where you tell me what you did after dinner yesterday!” Sherlock said with all the excitement he could muster.
“No! You see John I used time travel to get here!” He grinned.
However, Scotland was awful without someone to share it with. He was bored and he felt dumb going to pubs and sightseeing all by himself. Still, he needed time away, Sherlock needed to understand that John wasn’t going to let Sherlock walk all over him. He wasn’t going to be able to just push whatever this was under the rug and get away with it. So he stayed in Scotland for three days before finally caving and returning back home.
Sherlock closed his eyes and swallowed hard, he didn’t want to tell John, but at the same time he couldn’t lie to him. He deflated in John’s grip and refused to look at him, “less than five minutes.” He whispered.
John swallowed and looked back down at his father. He felt awful for what he had done in truth. Yes, his father deserved it, but that didn’t mean it was acceptable for him to lose control. What if he lost control like that on Sherlock, or his future family? The thought terrified him. He closed his eyes and breathed out roughly through his nose.
John poured the lube into his hand and then rubbed them back and forth to warm it up. “I’ve never done this before… so sorry if I’m rubbish.” He said softly and then gently pushed a finger into Sherlock.
Breathing was most definitely not boring and the fact that he ever had that thought in his whole entire life was the dumbest thought he had ever had. His whole body was aching and his throat hurt, but he was still holding John and he wasn’t going to let him go. He flipped on his back and rested John's back on his stomach so that his head resting against Sherlock's shoulder, this way it was out of the water as he swam to shore.
Mycroft took a sharp breath. “Sherlock it is for your own good. Father knows best and if he says that John is no good then I will believe him…”
The Doctor blinked rapidly. “What…”
Sherlock grinned and walked over to him. He reached out and adjusted John's tie. “You look very handsome.” He said softly. “Let’s go. My father should be here any minute and my mother has just arrived.” He smiled tightly and then took a deep breath, preparing himself for the worst.
“You never told me you were coming back! You said you were leaving and packed a bag and left! How else was I supposed to take that??” He snapped back at John, his voice rising slightly.
Mycroft's jaw clenched, "I was wrong about you."
Mycroft’s thin lips curled into a smile, but it wasn’t a pleasant one, “How quaint. You picked up a few things from my brother. I’m glad something got through to you. He left you something behind.” He drawled and took his hand away from his foot. “No, you are right. Sherlock has drugged me on occasion. He even drugged you a couple of times after you came back from the military.” He tilted his head.
“You were hurting Sherlock. You found out something that was really important to you and I watched as they laughed in your face… I knew you were right because you’re always right and there was no way in hell I was not going to do anything about it.” He smiled a bit and reached over to grab his hand.
“Don’t try, Sherlock, I know he is with you.” The man standing in the house sighed.
So after the cruise we went to Universal Studios for two days (the one in Orlando) and all my sister wanted was a leather bracelet with her name carved in it because apparently everyone has one and those are "in" right now.... let me tell you i bought one in Disney World three years ago so i was ahead of the game!
John felt like a teenage girl though, sitting there with his ice cream, watching a sad movie. The thought made him chuckle sadly and feel a little pathetic for himself, but he couldn’t help it… he just wanted to eat ice cream and wallow in sadness as he watched his favourite movie. Then once that was over he could move on with his life once again.
"Good morning, John!!" She grinned and then tsked at him. "So messy." She grumbled and started picking up all the trash. She went to move a pile of papers, but John was growling at her so she slowly retracted her hand, "Not today then..." Claire said sadly under her breath. She straightened up and looked at him, "John, I know it's hard... And I'm not saying you have to get rid of everything, but these papers are pointless..." She whispered.
Ha! I could afford it by myself thank you very much.
John smiled darkly and snickered, “Sherlock... it’s by your head!”
Sherlock frowned and pouted because he could be a child sometimes – well most times – and that was just fine with John, “you don’t need to laugh at me...” he sniffed.
He stood there watching and soon everyone was gone, he hadn’t even noticed they had left. John closed his eyes and sighed, wondering if they had tried to get him to go with them, but he was just in his own little world so they left him there. Some friends they were… no, that was rude. They were trying their hardest, he couldn’t take this out on them… He stared at the mound of dirt that covered Sherlock's casket, his body, and suddenly he couldn't take it anymore, he started running. He ran and ran until he felt like he couldn't run anymore, but not from exhaustion, he hadn’t even gotten that far... But because he had
Sherlock took another breath, shaky this time, he really hated repetitive questions, but he could see how she would ask the same questions over and over again, "It was never my intention to hurt him... I knew what I was doing was going to hurt him, obviously… I'm not stupid, but you must understand that this is killing me as well. That being said it needed to be done. I'm doing this for him. And though it hurts now I will come back. You just have to make sure he can hold on."
Claire hung up and then started cleaning the flat in preparation of John coming home, whenever that was.
“Yeah. Why?” He asked as he boiled the water.
! You don’t mean any of this! Why are you saying it when you don’t mean it! You can tell me! Please!” Sherlock was lying... he had to be! But he looked like he was telling the truth and John couldn’t handle that... He felt like he needed Sherlock to survive, but here Sherlock was telling him that he used him and that John meant absolutely nothing to him! This felt worse than dying ever could, he thought to himself.
today happens to be........ REDPANTS221B'S BIRTHDAY!!!
don’t have to do that.”
Sherlock looked like he wanted to cry as he held John's hand. “He would have died thinking that I hate him...” he whispered. He didn’t know what pained him more... the thought that John would be dead or the thought that he died thinking Sherlock had lied to him, had used him, had hated him. He thought the latter was probably the worst of the two of them.
Lily Holmes put down the plate she was currently holding and ran to her youngest child. She kissed him on the forehead and pulled him into a giant hug. “Oh, my baby’s finally found a friend!! Sherlock why didn’t you introduce me sooner!” She kept kissing the top of his head like he had just told her he had won the lottery.
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
Wow it's been ages... sorry guys! but my cousin died from cancer and so I had to fly home for that and this is the third death on that side of the family in the time span of eight months and it's just.. bleh! But i'm good (:
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt betrayal run through every space in his body, how could his brother do something like this? “Do you know how much he put us through? John wasn’t in the right mind set while dealing with him. He was most likely saying things to John, forcing him to pull the trigger. He was
“That’s alright too, Coach Lestrade.” He smiled happily. “I don’t think we’ve ever met.”
John’s mobile buzzed for the third time and frankly Mycroft was getting annoyed with it, “Are you going to answer that?!”
“Because you’re acting like a girl!” She groaned and rolled her eyes again.
"No, deserve to sit in the hot tub." He nodded some and then laid down and looked up at the ceiling.
hehehehehe
“Anywhere you want. You choose and I will take you there!” He hummed.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and looked at John. “This- this is where you went last night….”
John clenches his jaw and doesn’t say anything. It hurts him too much.
He nodded once and then jerked his head towards the door, “Alright, go wait outside I just need to say goodbye to one of my friends.” He said a bit awkwardly, but she understood.
“Cakeman… will you make the room stop spinning…” John asked in a bit of a slurred voice.
What do sea monsters eat?
“He’s dead.” Sebastian said, deadpanned.
Sherlock kept running as fast as his legs would carry him, knocking some people over in the process – John would have scolded him, but this was an emergency. Eventually, he got to an alleyway where he saw Brian digging a serrated knife into John’s neck. Rage filled Sherlock and before he could think about what he was doing he attacked the bigger man to the ground, he should have taken more drastic measures instead of just kicking the man out. Clearly, he was psychotic considering he tried to fucking rape Sherlock. Though, Sherlock supposed that since he didn’t actually go through with it, when he very much could have, that he was all talk. Apparently, that was a miscalculation on his part and wouldn’t be happening again.
anyway guys!!! You'll be pleased to know i am going to try out for the voice! I was going to do it in Feb. but that's just too soon... so 2016 babes!
mean something...” He said quietly, repeating Sherlock's words from before. He watched as Sherlock winced, but he just thought it was just from his words. “Sherlock..” He choked out quietly, “I love you... God, help me.... I love you so much.” John said for the first time.
“Father! It’s nothing. Sherlock was just staying the night… he had nowhere to sleep so we shared a bed.” John started to panic. He could tell his father had been drinking and he didn’t want Sherlock to see the inevitable outcome.
Claire took a breath and then sighed, she had no idea how to help John at all, but she would figure it out. She stood up and then went about cleaning up the flat, making sure she didn’t touch any of Sherlock's things. Afterwards, she found a blanket and curled up on the couch, trying to find sleep.
“I didn’t hear you, Sherlock,” He said calmly, and somehow, to Sherlock, that was much worse.
Once Sherlock climbed out of the cab he walked into the building without a word and they both went up to Lily’s room. John was still holding the game under his arms when they walked through the door, sighing slightly at the fact that he actually still ended up coming.
John got back from the mission and frowned a bit when the mailman said that there hadn’t been anything for John yet. Perhaps the mail was behind or it got lost, he knew it would turn up eventually so he shrugged and decided to write Sherlock a follow up letter anyway. Hell, Sherlock probably hadn’t even received his first letter yet, he always lost track of days in the Afghanistan heat.
John blinked a bit and then turned towards the voice. A girl around his age with long blonde hair and perky breasts was grinning at him. She dressed in a white skirt that ended about mid thigh and a pink short sleeved shirt. She wasn’t really showing any cleavage, but the shirt was tight enough to show that she had a very nice stomach underneath it. She also was showing a tiny bit of midriff and it was definitely defined. John licked his lips and trailed his eyes back up to her face, “Hi...” He mumbled. What the fuck was this about? He was gay… never in his life had he been attracted to a woman, and currently he was eyeing her up. Right… because that made perfect sense.
John took a breath, he caught Brian’s hand and narrowed his eyes at him. Before he got to know Sherlock, he felt the same way… he would do anything and everything to prove himself. He just hoped Sherlock could forgive him for this because he wasn’t quite sure he would be able to forgive himself. He stepped forward and punched Sherlock straight in the stomach. He watched as Sherlock yelped and coughed as he writhed in pain. He slumped to the grass the second Brian let go of his hair and just curled into a ball, holding tightly onto his stomach. John saw Brian blink in shock because he didn’t think John was going to go through with it and he saw the look of betrayal that flashed through Sherlock's eyes. He tackled Sherlock so they tumbled down the hill and far enough away so that the team could see, but couldn’t hear.
“I suppose people don’t like to be confronted with their problems…” he shrugged.
“WHICH IS WHAT!!” He screamed.
John stared at him opened mouthed. He was completely and utterly shocked. He thought that everything was fantastic, and he couldn’t possibly understand how the man could even say such things. Apparently, he was staring, though, and Sigar didn’t like that very much.
The Doctor smiled brightly. “Donna!! He knows who I am! Have we met before?”
Mycroft pursed his lips as he slowly reached for his phone. He needed help out of this situation and it would only take one press of the button. He was hoping he was doing it discreetly enough so that John couldn’t see, but of course he was wrong.
“Sebastian called today. He wants to know how much longer it’s going to be...”
“IM GOING TO MY ROOM, YOU FUCKER!!!” He screamed and ran up the stairs.
“John, I don’t know what I’m doing wrong and I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s wrong with you... So do you want to talk about it?” He asked softly, patting on John's shoulder.
John scoffed, “No, I won’t. And you’re never going to understand what this feels like. You have no one to love you back. You’re never going to find that so you won’t ever understand
The Doctor raised an eyebrow and frowned. “What do you have in your hands..?”
John laughed, “Hell no! I won’t let him go anywhere near that game when he’s with me... he gets way too aggressive and it never ends well anymore. We now have the board game along with a knife stabbed into our wall.”
And Sherlock lost it, “My father was a horrible man who ruined both mine and his life!! It was self-defence, John would never hurt someone if he didn’t have to! Maybe you should get all of your bloody facts straight befor-”
Claire swallowed thickly and went to make some tea. She didn’t know what else to do and at the moment she felt useless. Soon the tea was done and she walked back over to John, setting the mug down next to him, she knew he wouldn’t drink it, but at least this way he could have something to hold in his hands if he wanted to. She went to sit in Sherlock’s chair, but the look John gave her made her think twice about it. The couch it was then...
He sighed and laid on the couch as he put his hands in front of his lips. He had recently started to take online university courses because that was so much easier than having to go places and interact with
John's father took one step forward and grabbed John by the front of his shirt, “I will do whatever I goddamn please!” he hissed. “Fag!” He tossed John aside, his body slamming into an incredibly hard surface.
She eventually sighed, “Not even the Love Potion is cheering you up must be one hell of a load. What’s wrong then?”
Dear Benedict,
“Please I just want a story. I love you…” He whispered so quietly it was almost inaudible.
John couldn’t help himself, he laughed bitterly and glared at Sherlock, “right. And how long have you and Aidan been dating?”
John swallowed hard and tried to look away, but Sherlock was glaring at him and he felt like it was impossible to look away, “Sherlock, don’t...”
“I’m Claire by the way!” She smiled, “What’s your name?”
Guess what day it is... THAT'S RIGHT THURSDAY!!! I GOT TO CHANGE MY BACKGROUNDS TODAY!!! GUYS.... I JUST REALLY LIKE THURSDAYS OK? OK!
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but grabbed John and pulled him into a smothering hug, “Morning!  Are you hungry?”
"You're going the wrong way..." Sherlock whispered. Now was not the time to correct John, but if he really wanted to get home then he did in fact need to correct John. Because if he didn’t John would most certainly be even angrier at him when he found out Sherlock knew they were going the wrong way and didn’t say anything. Everything was so complicated right now he wanted to throw up.
She smiled brightly up at him, but it was weak and that broke Sherlock's heart, her smiles used to be like the sun shining through on a cloudy day, “My big boy. Not so little anymore, though.” Her smile saddened a bit, but it was still there.
"I said I didn't want a fag as a son. I told you that I would kill you if you came back and I’m a man of my word." He said calmly as he wrapped his short, chubby fingers around John's neck. He may have been tall and strong, but he was lacking in the finger department. Maybe it was because they were chubby, oh why was he even thinking about that at a time like this??
find that man. He would make him pay. So Mycroft just sighed, brought him some clothes, and the two of them worked on trying to find Sigar Holmes together.
Now, if Mike was anyone else that lived in the mansion he would leave John be and go back to bed. However, Mike wasn't just anyone so he followed him. He was concerned for his friend – and yes, that's exactly what John was to him even if John didn't see that... He knocked on the door firmly, but softly, "Can I come in?"
Adele.
Eww!!!! I don't want to eat your poo!
The blond boy blinked rapidly, “I... I’m sorry. If you wanted to go so bad I would have taken you, but I didn’t know... You usually find errands boring and by the end of them you get all grouchy. Though, I promise I will take you with me next time!” He smiled brightly.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow, that was certainly… interesting in the very least, “what’s his name?”
“This phone call... it’s – umm – it’s my note. That’s what people do, don’t they? Leave a note.” His eyes fixating on the crumpled mass that was John.
Sherlock recognized the voice instantly, DI Garrett. He turned around quickly and ran into his arms, hugging him. He had only met the man once, but he needed comfort right now.
jOkE oF tHe ChApTeR:
“Perhaps you did, but I can’t stay away...” John whispered after a minute of silence.
BECAUSE I USED MY OLD COMPUTER AND THERE ARE POP UPS EVERYWHERE AND IT BARELY WORKS BUT RIGHT NOW IT WORKS BETTER THAN THE BROKEN ONE SO BE HAPPY!
John flinches at Sherlock's words and swallows hard, “Sherlock... I said I don't want to talk about it... it was a mistake...”
John cut him off hastily. “No! No... I’m just saying its fine, it’s all fine…” He then smirked and turned to Sherlock. “You got one thing wrong though.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Wow. Are you always this whiny? Go away. I’m busy.”
John growled at him because he knew all of that stuff already and he also knew he was going to be fine! Sherlock wouldn’t pick apart his life he would pick apart the life he was going to make up for himself so it wouldn’t hurt... “I’ll be fine!” He snapped.
That was another thing that was worrying John... He wouldn't leave his phone just lying around. He always had it and whenever he got a text he jumped and got a pained look on his face. He wouldn't even let John touch the phone without yelling at him, "Sherlock, can you answer me a question?" Sometimes John just touched the phone to get a rise out of Sherlock because anger was better than being completely ignored.
John stared at the screen for a long moment before finally hitting play. He sat back and held his breath for a moment, he still didn’t know why he was so nervous, but he was. It only seemed to get worse as time wore on so he just sucked it up and pressed play.
“Oh, please. Do come inside and have a cuppa first.” He hummed, smiling down at the boy with a smile John hadn’t quite seen on his face before. He couldn’t quite place it, but it made him feel extremely uncomfortable. Still, this was Mycroft he was talking about – the man who had saved his life all those years ago. The man he used to consider a brother before he left for the army. He just nodded and then stood up as he followed him inside.
He held onto the man for what seemed like ages... He didn’t know how long, but when he finally pulled away the DI was looking down at him with a kindness and sadness in his eyes and Sherlock didn’t understand...
Sherlock ran and ran and he had no idea where John would be because he went to John's home and he wasn’t there either! He started to run again to go look in the park John liked to spend his time in, he wasn’t there either and Sherlock felt as though his heart was ripping itself apart with panic. He wasn’t paying attention to anything really. He hadn’t been paying attention to anything for the last six hours! Even before Mycroft had ran into the room panting, and panicking, but now he couldn’t even think straight! He started tugging on his hair and whimpering and trying to think, think,
Sherlock smiled happily and stepped forward a bit. “This, Father, is my boyfriend John.”
John clenched his fists and wanted to punch him, anger flared up in John to the point he almost couldn’t control it. He needed to calm down, and he couldn’t be here to do it. When Sherlock died his anger became out of control, so hard to control at times and he hated that. Even now that Sherlock was back he was struggling with it. “Sod this.” He shook his head and turned around to walk to the bedroom.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked up at Brian. “Such a way with words…” He sighed. “But I really rather like it on the grass so I think I’ll stay sitting, thank you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Shut up. I’m going to write to you every single day until you get sick of me!”
“YOU COULD HAVE DIED!!! AGAIN!! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT THE BLOODY HELL THAT WOULD HAVE DONE TO ME? OH NO BECAUSE YOU’RE SHERLOCK HOLMES AND YOU ALWAYS ONLY THINK ABOUT YOURSELF!!!!” John tries to stop, he really does, but he can't and everything hurt. The three years Sherlock was away broke him and he doesn’t know if he will ever be the same again.
After a few minutes of adjusting to the light he finally opened his eyes and saw Mycroft standing there. He growled and sat up, ignoring the pain that shot through his body, screaming at him to lay back down, “you!” He snarled, his throat raw and dry due to all the screaming he had been doing.
“On the day of your funeral I was so angry with you... I–“ John choked on a sob and squeezed his eyes shut trying to regain himself. “I threw the locket somewhere... and I regret it so much... sometimes my hand will go up to my chest so I can wrap my fingers around it and then I realise it’s not there... and even after a whole year, I still do it. It hurts so badly and I hate you so much, but I just want you back and I would give anything for that...” He sniffled and wiped his eyes harshly. He didn’t like crying and he especially didn’t like crying in public. John sat there staring at the headstone for a very long time before he heard footsteps running towards him.
“You mean Sherlock's? I dunno. Maybe..? It came with the flat.” He shrugged a bit. John was going to mention something about Sherlock's suicide, but this man was taking his role to heart - well sort of.. His personality was a bit off - and John couldn’t bare a breakdown, so he just walked into the kitchen and handed the insane man his tea. He sat down in his own chair and sipped it.
Her heart dropped and she was silent for a minute, “I’m sorry..?” She finally whispered back to him.
Sherlock huffed and sat down in a chair, but then stood up and started to look around. “That would be lovely, thank you.” He smirked as he saw a scratch in the floor. “John! You know this scratch by the fire place?” He grinned.
DEUCES!
“What about me?” Sherlock asked slowly. So John wasn’t upset. He was grinning at Sherlock and asking him questions now, Sherlock really didn’t understand, and he hated not understanding things.
Mycroft growled, “Hello, John. You look different then the last time I saw you.”
"Hello, love." A slimy voice whispered from the shadows. “I thought you would never come out of that home of yours.”
John jerked his head to the side and stared Mycroft down, “Not him, Mycroft! Don’t play stupid.”
the fuck am i even doing with my life?
Sherlock looked out the window and frowned when he saw that the sun was setting. “John..? Can I ask you a question?”
I threw a boomerang a few years ago and now I live in constant fear.
John stopped walking, frowning as he did so, and looked up slowly, but what he saw broke his heart, “Sherlock... no...” he breathed, not fully grasping the situation just yet.
Sherlock whimpered and tried to wiggle away, “What do you want?”
Once they got there Sherlock opened the envelope and frowned when he realised it was an exact replica of the Study in Pink case.
She flinched and watched as John walked away. Claire stayed there for a minute looking down at the grave that probably held an empty casket, perhaps it held someone else entirely so they didn’t waste a space in the ground – someone nobody would miss. She sighed at the thought and then just followed John home.
Sherlock groaned as he wiggled to get adjusted and then smiled up at John, “Move, please.” He said sweetly.
Sometimes I write things that hurt my soul...
“And what did you do that my brilliance wouldn’t be able to fix?” He sat down next to Sherlock and then wrapped his arms around his little brother, it was an awkward movement and something he never thought he would be doing in his life, but it felt right...
"All those girls are always hovering around you in school and I just have to sit back and watch while they flirt and practically throw themselves at you!" He sniffled and looked up at John. It hurt, but he didn't tell John that.
John clenched his jaw and glared at her, "They were
John looked up and smiled softly, “Aren’t you always? Why don’t we go for a walk?”
John pulled his fake one out and bounced it in his hands a bit, “You can use mine if you need...” John watched in amazement as Sherlock blinked in utter shock. He could tell that Sherlock was confused, but he shook it off and stood up.
Sherlock woke up a while later and sniffled some. He didn’t say anything, he just felt John playing with his hair, he loved the feeling, but they needed to talk. Slowly, he turned his head and looked up at John.
John growled. "Will you just shut the fuck up?" He snapped and then whimpered because Claire was right, his throat hurt like hell.
Sherlock sighed, “Yes, I’ll be down in a few moments.”
“And I said I will do as I please! Don’t argue with me further boy or I will beat you in front of your precious
John snuck into the room later that night. Sherlock was probably up because he never seemed to sleep, but when he opened the door he realised that he was wrong and that Sherlock was already fast asleep in bed. He sighed, but it was all okay because it was meant to be a surprise and if Sherlock was up he wouldn’t stop asking questions. He just hoped he made the right decision…
John clenched his jaw hard enough that he thought his teeth would break, he brought his hand back to hit him again, but Sherlock caught it. “John! He’s not worth it. Let’s go.”
Sherlock blinked rapidly, trying to fight away the tears that were threatening to spill over his eyes, “Yes, he does. He’s my precious John. He’ll make it.” He said softly. “I know he will, he’s so strong.”
John stared up in horror as he watched his best friend – and lover – fall down to the ground. The sound of the body smacking against the pavement was deafening, even from so far away. He felt like he couldn’t breathe and the weight that was crushing down on him was almost unbearable. He stood up from where he was kneeling and started running to the younger man, he felt like his legs wouldn’t even move. Like he was stuck in a nightmare where you couldn’t run and the person chasing you was gaining on you, only this wasn’t a nightmare. This was real.
"You have some fucking nerve coming back here!" He growled, as he continued strangling the life out of Harry.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he ran to catch John, “John!! What’s wrong?” He picked up John and slowly laid him down onto the bed. He may not have looked very strong, but he could definitely lift John when he wanted to. He sat next to John and ran a hand over John’s forehead.
Dwayne the bathtub!! I’m drowning.
John came into the living room after having a shower and clenched his jaw as he saw Sherlock sitting on the couch. He opened his mouth to say something, but just shook his head as he dropped down into his chair and picked up the newspaper.
“Not my problem!” Sherlock sung and pointed out the door. “Now leave, please.”
“Here you are!” She hummed, snapping John out of his thoughts.
He felt invincible, his brain was finally clear and the constant thoughts of John and everything else just went away. He could actually concentrate on other things and his body was practically thrumming, he loved this more than anything. It was the best feeling in the world and sure... it could kill him, but what did that even matter anymore? He looked at Brian with heavy eyes as he injected himself as well. He couldn’t move – well, he probably could, but he was feeling so much pleasure that he didn’t want to. Brian smirked and fucked him senseless as he laid there feeling the high of whatever Brian had injected him with.
Sherlock frowned slightly, “Now why on earth would you–“ He finally turned around and just froze. This wasn’t possible and he felt his knees go weak, his heart stuttering in his chest. Great he was only twenty-three and he was having a heart attack, how lovely. He was also dimly aware he had dropped the cat, luckily cats were able to land on their feet. He shook his head once and blinked a bit because surely this was the drugs and not his actual sight. Maybe he had taken too much? The drugs never messed with his sight though! Maybe the stupid dealer laced this batch, fucking wanker. Wouldn’t be going to him again.
She gave him a sad look and then wrapped her arms around him tightly. “That’s my boy.” She said softly and planted a kiss on his forehead.
Sherlock sighed. “Cakeman. Not even you and your brilliantness can fix this.” Sherlock and Mycroft were close. They had become even closer with John in their lives. He would never admit this, but he looked up to his brother a lot. Maybe one day he would be ready to tell him, but today was not that day.
John blinked and stopped walking. He turned his body around so that he was walking next to Sherlock’s once again and didn’t say anything for a long while. His mind was spinning and he felt a little sick. He wasn’t mad at Sherlock at all, God no, but he hadn’t told anyone that and it felt all the more real to have it be out in the open.
OH BET YOU DIDNT SEE THAT COMING!!!
Eventually Sherlock nudged on John. He would have kissed his head like he usually did, but Sherlock was a little fussy with him still. When he saw John stir he smiled a bit and waited for him to open his eyes – or eye. “Hey. We have to leave in ten minutes… I set your clothes on the bed for you so get dressed and I’ll be downstairs.” He smiled slightly and walked away, without waiting for a reply from John. He couldn’t, he was angry with him even though he tried not to be and if he stayed in there any longer he was afraid it would all come out.
Sherlock swallowed hard and held John closer. This wasn’t fair! “Please!! Just wait a little bit longer! He’ll wake up I’m sure of it!” He said firmly.
Garrett's voice sounded strangled as he spoke, "Yes."
This time it was Claire’s turn to be quiet, but Sherlock didn’t interrupt, he just waited. “I’m not quite sure he has that long...” She whispered quietly.
I write the fics that make the young girls cry
John closed his eyes and wanted to pull away so badly, but he couldn’t. He needed to do this because it was his job, but it hurt so much. He hadn’t experienced this pain since he was three. He hated himself for it because he thought he closed off all feeling, but here he was. He didn’t want to hurt Sherlock and yet he had no other choice. He was getting too attached and he didn’t know what to do... He wanted to scream.
Sorry my dudes! I didn't get this up as soon as I wanted, but you didn't have to wait a year which I think is really great!
REDPANTS221B I HOPE YOUR BIRTHDAY WAS BRILLIANTLY FANTASTIC!!! (and though I dont know who you are or where you live or how old you turned....) I AM GIVING YOU THIS AS MY PRESENT! happy birthday, boo!!!
“Caring isn’t an advantage. I don’t grow physically attached to people. I don’t care if she’s dying. Alone is what I have! It protects me, John! And I’m sorry if you have a problem with that!” He snapped, going back to resting his hands in front of his lips while lying on his back.
Mycroft walked in the room and did a double take. “You look like hell… what happened?”
“Afghanistan... And how did you know that?” He smirked even though he most definitely knew and he would get to hear the deduction process in action. He was thrumming in anticipation, but just as Sherlock opened his mouth to speak Molly walked in. John wanted to growl, but instead he just clenched his hand against his cane a bit tighter.
John shook his head some and started to hang up their clothes, it would make it feel more homey for the both of them. Years ago when he started living here they never once slept in Sherlock's bedroom... This bedroom had quickly become Sherlock and John’s room, not the guest bedroom. In a way John never had his own bedroom either, Sherlock had slept with him the first night and never left. John had hated being alone ever since, even when he was in the army.
Sherlock's face fell and his jaw set. He was angry that someone would do that to John. His John, okay so he wasn’t
She looked surprised.
“Awww, Locky!! You look adorable! Keep it on, for me? Please!” she sniffled a bit, smiling brightly, while making a pouty face at the same time. Damn, how did she do that?
and that’s all that either one of them could ask for. “Thank you.”
John sighed, “I suppose so... Where are we going anyway?” He wished he could see, but the stupid bag was over his head. They were also driving at an incredibly fast pace and John wasn’t seat belted, though on further reflection he supposed that didn’t matter either because he was going to die anyway.
John blinked a bit because he wasn’t expecting that to come out of Sherlock's mouth after what he had just said, but he supposed that Sherlock tended to surprise him often. He nodded and slowly stood up a bit. He turned around and then sat on the couch next to Sherlock.
“PROMISE ME, JOHN!!!” He screamed into the phone.
He stomped down the pavement not really paying attention to anything – not really caring. He was angry and lost in thought and he certainly didn’t know where he was going, but he found that he honestly didn’t care about where he ended up or what he would do. Sadly, he didn’t get very far when all of a sudden someone was pulling him into a small alleyway and slamming him up against the wall. John yelped in surprise and then groaned in pain as the shockwaves coursed through his body. He took a steadying breath and squeezed his eyes shut, “Wallet... left pocket.” He grumbled some and sighed, but then his body stiffened when he felt a cold metal blade on his neck. What the fuck, why would that even happen? He literally just told his mugger where the money was, why did he need to kill him? John hadn’t even seen him for Christ’s sake!
Sherlock whined and then looked down, “John, please... I need to get my mind off my mother... Just – please...” He said quietly.
Answer:
“DAMN MY LEG!” He growled and then blinked. His leg didn’t even hurt... he was surprised at how easy it was to fall into character and then stay there. He slowly stood up and then Sherlock rounded on him from absolutely no where. He frowned, “I thought you left...”
JoKe Of ThE cHaPtEr:
John choked on another sob and nodded. He bent down and pressed their lips together. Sherlock kissed him back weakly and then just stopped. John’s eyes widened and he pulled away to find the limp Sherlock lying against him. “HE’S DEAD!!!” He sobbed and screamed and held Sherlock as close to him as possible.
Sherlock had enough of this. It was dark and John still wasn’t back. Sherlock hated his father more than anything in this world, well except for John’s father, and Mycroft was telling him to treat him with respect. He untangled himself from Mycroft’s grip and walked up to his and John’s room.
“John... we- we thought you were dead... we didn’t get any letters from you...” He swallowed thickly and shifted slightly, how had he let this happen? Where were the letters going? Because it certainly wasn’t to them.
I write the fics of love and special things
A deep voice on the other end cleared his throat before speaking, “Mr. Holmes, we need an emergency helicopter to land in Afghanistan, a soldier has been wounded.”
Mike shook his head, “I’m not saying you have to find someone... especially if you don’t want to, but I’m saying don’t tell yourself you can’t feel things because I know you can... and I know you care for your staff... you’re good to them, mostly.”
John laid down on the seat and blinked a bit. “Sherlock, are you alright…” He did not like the sound of Sherlock's voice one bit and his stomach sank as he thought of the worst case scenario.
Sherlock smiled and took John's paper from him. For the rest of the class period he helped John understand how to go through the motions of working through the problems. As the class period neared the end, the worksheet was almost complete. John was surprised to find that he actually enjoyed learning the material with Sherlock’s help and methods; he would even venture to say that he had fun working on it. When the bell rang, John stood up getting ready to leave just as Sherlock put his pen away and stacked his books and papers into a tidied pile to be picked up.
you know... sometimes in the notes authors put informational facts, but I just put a bunch of random shit that i'm feeling... you may blame my ADHD for that....
Months passed in a blur and John had stopped taking on cases. He let his staff go – let them be free – he didn’t even care if one of them were to turn him in, but no one did... The only person that stayed with him was Mike. He didn’t understand why, but he also didn’t ask. John didn’t speak these days, but Mike didn’t seem to mind the silence. He understood.
Chemistry approached slowly, like it always did. Sherlock loved it and hated it at the same time. It seemed that every time he saw John he always looked a little bit worse. Sherlock hated that it was because he was the cause of it. He was the one who had broken John completely and utterly and what made it all the worse was when John hadn’t given up for at least a week. Nowadays, he just had a sad given up look on his face. Sherlock was almost positive he would be over it by now... He had underestimated the severity of the damage he had done with John. He knew that time would heal him and the thought of a happy John made Sherlock happy.
‘Oh my god I am dealing with a high three year old!’ John thought bitterly to himself. “I’m sorry if I offended you in anyway… Come on.. I think you’ll like my flat!” He hummed and leaned on his cane further.
And then Sherlock broke. He started crying and he just threw the gun across the room. He was actually surprised it didn't go off when it hit the wall and fell to the floor. "No! He's in there somewhere! I know it! Come back to me... Please!!" He whimpered and wanted to run to John, but he stayed where he was.
“It’s alright,” Sherlock whispered and brought a shaky hand up to wipe John's tears away. “Then I’ll tell one.” He pursed his lips for a moment and then smiled.
so now that you have probably not read what I wrote, enjoy the story!
Watson.” He hummed and then left the room.
Zack sighed and shook his head. He pretended he didn’t hear the crying in the bathroom or the way John's face was red and puffy when he came out. He didn’t mention the way John just dressed in a sweatshirt and rugby shorts or how his hair looked absolutely awful, poking up every which way. He just smiled and grabbed his keys, “Come on...” He said softly.
Blake bit his lip, “But umm... Sir, we don’t get paid...”
AYYYYYE!!!!! SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SORRY I HAVE BEEN GONE!!! But we got a cruise for Christmas so that is where i have been mwhahah!!! i met this British lady who worked on the boat and she told me about how i should apply for these things called holiday parks and i looked them up and they look so banging but I'm American so i don't know if i could do that and i emailed them and they never replied.... that's so sad to me!!
broken. He collapsed on the ground and started heaving in breaths of air as he let out strangled sobs, his face pressing into the ground as he sat on his knees. he couldn’t remember a time in his life where he had even cried this hard. It wasn’t even like crying, just gasps of breath with cries of agony coming out. The sounds strangled like someone was wrapping their hands around his neck and squeezing as hard as they could. He wrapped his hand tighter around the necklace and then threw it as hard as he could, not fucking caring where it landed or where it went, "I HATE YOU!!!" He screamed as he cried into the grass. He knew he would hate himself later for losing the only part of Sherlock that was special to the both of them, but right now he couldn’t even be arsed to care. "I hate you! I hate you. I hate you......" He whimpered and stayed there until everything went dark around him, the air growing cold, the fog forming in the night, and he was alone.
Sherlock snickered some and squeezed John’s hand, “since when have I ever gone about doing anything the proper way?”
"And I can't explain it." Sherlock shifted from his feet. "I've been here too long already. I need to go." He said quickly and turned on his heels so he could run in the opposite direction.
! Right when I had actually started to trust you again –  FOR THE FIRST TIME IN YEARS MIGHT I ADD – I come home to you HOLDING A FUCKING GUN AT MY HEAD!!!”
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath and stared at the wall as Mycroft held him. “He didn’t have a choice… Please, don’t kick him out.”
“Trouble in paradise, huh? Too bad. If you won’t do it I will. I’ll beat the shit out of him… But then again if you were to do it you would beat the shit out of him… so I guess either way he’s getting the shit beaten out of him.”
Sherlock grinned from ear to ear, “We are going into that arcade place!” He sung and started skipping towards the door.
Dwayne.
Sherlock started to whine, but then suddenly grinned and bolted to his bedroom.
“My body… It just… It feels so, so heavy, like a rock! But it also feels like I’m floating! Mmmm. Sherlock!! Sherlock!! Am I a bird??” He burst into giggles at the thought of being a bird. That would be so nice, he could go anywhere he wanted. He really hoped he had turned into a bird because that would be nice.
DO WEEEEEEEE DOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
“Hi, Sherlock, sorry I haven’t seen you in a while, but with everything that’s going on right now... it’s hard... you know?” He sighed and sat across from him. He had been wanting a chance to talk to Sherlock for weeks, but he was always with
John nudged him slightly in the side and snickered, “cocky prick.” He huffed out a laugh, but they both knew the insult wasn’t meant to be an insult.
“Yes... Yes, of course you can. Come on...” Zack tried to untangle himself from John, but John wasn’t letting go of him. He sighed and then decided to just pick him up and carry him to the couch. “You are heavy!” Zack grumbled as he dropped John onto the sofa, rougher than necessary. That little comment seemed to make John cry even harder than he already was, which seemed impossible for Zack, but apparently it wasn’t impossible at all. “I didn’t mean it! You’re as light as a feather!” He smiled down at John and yet John still cried. He was practically screaming and sobbing and Zack had absolutely no idea what to do or what was even wrong with John in the first place...
“Problem, sir?” a man by the name of Blake said. He had just walked into the room to tidy it up when he heard his boss’ anger.
He was silent for a second more before he finally found his voice, "Is... Is he okay..." He swallowed hard, because he had to be okay! If he wasn’t okay, all of this would have been for literally nothing.
“Yes! And the fun hasn’t even started yet!!” He flailed and then ran off to another room.
The last thing John could remember was his father kidnapping him and then falling into cold water. He didn’t want to talk about it, but they made him and that made Sherlock rather angry. They said they needed to make sure his brain was okay or something or another... Sherlock wasn’t really paying attention he was just focusing on John. He was standing in the back corner of the room, far away from John. He didn’t want to cause him stress and unrealistically he was hoping John hadn’t noticed him. They also told John that he would have been dead and at the bottom of the river right now if it hadn’t been for Sherlock. He didn’t make eye contact when they told him that, but then again he hadn’t been making eye contact with Sherlock since he had woken up. That killed Sherlock, but at the same time Sherlock didn’t blame him. And really… Sherlock didn’t think he would be able to handle eye contact anyway.
papers! He was working on a case, but you're too stupid to know that! Don't. Fucking. Touch. Them!" He growled and then flinched because his head was pounding, oh yelling… yelling was not a good thing.
“Yes... so he is, but I just hate him so much. It’s all rather tedious actually.” He grumbled. “You know I still pay for his coca–“
They walked into the jewellery store and looked around. John picked up a necklace with a circle locket on it, it looked manly and plain enough, “How about this one?” He hummed and Sherlock shook his head, “Well, then...” He mumbled and put it down, it seemed simple enough and perfect for the occasion, but clearly Sherlock thought differently.
Sherlock glared right back at him and stood up, “excuse you?? You left me, remember?? I don’t think you have any right getting upset over the fact that I have a new boyfriend now.”
He took a breath and nodded, “I know… I’ve tried, but you haven’t really been getting back to me. So, I thought I would come see you. Also the fact that I have no one and just really needed my mother.”
John nodded and smiled. He picked up his cane because there was no use pretending to hobble now... They climbed into Mike’s car and Mike drove them to the hospital. They both climbed out and Mike brought John to the Lab and put his hand on the door. “Ready?” he whispered quickly.
John looked up and frowned a bit because that wasn’t the direction he had expected that to go. It was a young girl no older than John, possibly a year younger actually. She was the bartender and had her brown hair pulled back into a high ponytail, she had on a My Chemical Romance band t-shirt and some ripped skinny jeans. John noticed she also had a nose piercing, which was just a diamond stud, and her ears had piercings going all the way up. She didn’t wear that much make up, but then again she really didn’t need to because she was very pretty. Most likely had to bat most of the blokes away in this dodgy place. She flashed a smile at John and he noticed a row of perfect teeth.
Sherlock stood on his sofa, staring at his wall. Drawing after drawing of artwork all strewn about, they all consisted of the same thing: A blue box that disappeared. Sherlock had been working on this particular case for months! It all led to nowhere and he was frustrated! He rarely left his flat and he just stared at the wall all day. Theory after theory of how this box was possible, what the box did, why did it disappears. Everything! He was getting absolutely nowhere and on the verge of pulling his hair out.
ALSO COMMENT, KUDOS, SUBSCRIBE, FOLLOW, DO FUCKING NOTHING? idk i just like comments. i'm a comment whoreeeeeee.
John laid in bed and just stared up at the ceiling. He tried to sleep, but it wasn’t coming to him. He groaned bitterly and narrowed his eyes up at the ceiling like it was personally offending him. It wasn’t, of course it wasn’t… it was a god damn ceiling. After about four hours of trying to fall asleep he sat up in bed and yanked on his shoes. He needed some air because this stuffy room wasn’t doing him any good, in fact, it made him feel like he was going to go even more mental than he already felt. Perhaps he should have grabbed the guest bedroom and gave Sherlock this one, but the thought of giving Sherlock something familiar made him sick. He
Zack swallowed hard as he looked at the John. There were tears all over his face and he looked completely distressed. “John what is it? What’s happened...?” He honestly couldn’t remember a time when he had seen John like this, perhaps he never had in all honesty. Hell, even when those four rugby boys beat him up he didn’t look like this.
Lestrade was just staring wide eyed at the pair and didn’t know what to say at all, “Jesus...” He whispered.
She just shrugged, “I hate those stupid unspoken rules. If I find you attractive or nice I’m going to want to buy you a drink. Why wait around for the guy to do it?” She smirked a bit and then nudged him in the side, “Besides. If I had waited around for you to chat me up we wouldn’t be sitting here, now would you?” She gave a coy smile and chuckled slightly.
“Sherlock, please....” John whispered firmly, his last plea to Sherlock, “Or I’m going to walk away right now and I’m not going to come back.” And he would, because he couldn’t keep doing this. This relationship wasn’t healthy, it was abuse. It wasn’t doing any of them good and it would only get unhealthier if John kept threatening to leave, but never followed through. They couldn’t both live like that.
“Since I met John! He has shown me how to be a better person and for that I thank him every day,” Sherlock hummed, sweetly.
Lily Holmes face lit up into a grin and she put down the plate she was currently holding before she could drop it and ruin her collection. She ran to her youngest child and kissed him on the forehead as she pulled him into a giant hug. “Oh, my baby’s finally found a friend!! Sherlock why didn’t you introduce me sooner?” She hummed happily as she kept kissing the top of his head.
“NO! You just want him to love you!!! You suck up to him time and time again no matter what the reasoning is! No matter when! You
If you put in heaps of (F)fort
“John Hamish Watson. You don’t need to do any better than what you’re already are doing. You are the boy I love and I love you for who you already are… Sure you probably could have told them earlier – I
“Sorry... I’ll stop...” He swallowed and started to take his hand out of Sherlock's hair, perhaps it was a bit excessive and if Sherlock was bringing it up he probably was uncomfortable by it.
Mike flailed, stood up abruptly, and ran out of the room. Luckily they had a doctor and nurse on the staff and he would go get them for John... he didn’t like the idea of leaving John alone, but he had no other choice. He grabbed the nurse and doctor and by the time they got back to John he had passed out. Truthfully it was probably better that way... a quiet John was always a better John.
SO I HOPED YOU ENJOYED THAT!!!! I’M LIKE PRETTY SURE SHERLOCK IS COMING BACK IN THE NEXT CHAPTER!!! SO GET PUMPED FOR THAT!!!
Soon John was completely unclothed and Sherlock was sobbing and still stuck, “I’LL HAVE TO WEAR THESE TROUSERS EVERYDAY FOREVER AND I DON'T EVEN LIKE THEM!” He sniffled.
Without opening up John couldn’t be there to help, and without being able to help Sherlock couldn’t heal. Not that John needed to be the one to help him heal, but if Sherlock was going to tell anybody it would be John. If he couldn’t even tell John than that most likely meant he wouldn’t be telling anyone, he was bottling up his feelings and one day they were just going to explode. Hell, he might even go back to the drugs and John just couldn’t handle that. Not again.
“Oh, I wouldn’t kill me just yet if I were you.” He hummed, “I mean... I am probably going to die in a matter of minutes anyway, but if you kill me now you’ll never know.” He snickered and then coughed up some blood.
Sherlock slowly sank down into the bed again and held John in his arms. He ran his fingers through John's hair and kissed his shoulder as he laid there for a while longer before he finally fell asleep again. Just John’s presence alone was able to comfort him.
Sherlock let him. He would always let him. John hadn’t shown any sense of anger or sadness since the night he returned. He was just silent most of the time and Sherlock isn’t an expert, but he’s fairly certain that that isn’t healthy.
Sherlock glared at his father. “I fucking hate you.”
She shook her head, “those are all bad things. I want to know what makes you love Sherlock.”
She swallowed thickly, "Promise me you won't do anything stupid..."
“Sorry. I couldn’t find my gun because it wasn’t where I last put it.” Mycroft scrunched up his face, clearly blaming Sherlock for the misplacement of his gun. Sherlock just rolled his eyes at him in return.
Before John could even finish that sentence Sherlock lunged forward and attacked his mouth with his own. He couldn’t let John know about Brian and the best way to shut John up was to kiss him. He growled slightly and brought the back of his hand up to cup John’s head. He kept pushing John lightly as they walked into the middle of the room, he honestly didn’t know where he was taking John, but it didn’t matter because John tripped over Rainbow and then both of them were falling to the ground. Rainbow hissed at John and bit his ankle before scampering away and Sherlock laughed slightly, “Sorry... he doesn’t like people.”
Of course, this wasn’t his normal way to kill people... He wasn’t the one doing it, there was no torture, just words and a pill and then they were gone, but they were people that were wanted dead so thankfully he wasn’t breaking his rule. He had to sponsor someone and that was rather annoying because yes, he was getting paid, but then he would just have to give the money to the twat that was working for him! Which was stupid because he was just going to die, but he claimed the money was going to his kids so he supposed that that was acceptable.
John jolted awake and fell out of the bed. He landed on the floor much harder than he did the previous morning. John groaned, but then stood up quickly. As much as it hurt he didn’t want to upset his father.
I'll be there too.
“What do you think you’re doing here!” a nasally voice, sneered.
“Yes!! Yes, come in, please!! I have so many questions I want to ask you, Doctor.” He knew his name. He had no idea who the woman was, but he knew that this man was called The Doctor. He had asked around everywhere until someone finally knew what he was talking about. That was a good day.
Sherlock's back was turned so he couldn't see who it was – oh but he could hear him just fine... His voice cut through the room and echoed and Sherlock's heart felt like it was breaking. There had to be an obvious explanation, but all that came out of his mouth was, "John....?" He spun around and pointed his gun right at him. Yes, he hoped it was a trick, but he couldn't take chances and John was pointing a gun at him...
Sherlock grumbled under his breath because the boy really needed to stop kicking him. It didn’t hurt, it was just a tap really, but there was mud caked on his shoes and it was getting all over Sherlock's. “Well, then, in that case I am not interested. As I appreciate the sentiment you’re not really my type so just run along and get back to yo—“ Sherlock was interrupted by the book being taken rudely from his hands. He finally looked up at Brain and glared at him. “Give. That. Back.” What was once calm, uncaring replies, was suddenly replaced with a growl.
“I dare you to go sit with the little freak.” Brian and Zack laughed simultaneously because they thought this happened to be the funniest thing in the universe.
Claire took a cab to Baker Street and sat in the silence of the flat as she cried. John wasn't the only one hurting, but Claire was hurting for a different reason. She knew Sherlock was alive... she
John smiled and they laid there in silence, memorising each other until John had to go.
One night the two of them were sitting in the living room. Sherlock was staring into space holding a pocket knife in his hands, he supposed it could be the one Sherlock said he always kept on him, but this one looked newer. That and the fact John had never seen Sherlock pull it out unless it was needed.
Claire took a shaky breath and slowly took it from him, “I’ll give it to John...” She whispered quietly, rubbing her thumb over the coats fabric.
John laid in bed and stared up at the ceiling. He could feel the pills washing over him, making him drowsy, but he was fighting it. He didn’t want to close his eyes because once he did he would have to relive that terrible moment, the moment he always relived when his eyes were closed. He took a shaky breath and finally closed his eyes when they felt too heavy to keep them open. However, once he was about to fall asleep, he heard something move in the corner. John’s eyes snapped opened and he sat up, “Who’s there?” He hissed slightly, loud enough that the person in the room could hear, but not loud enough that Claire would. The person didn’t answer, but John knew there was someone there, could see the outline of someone standing up against the wall.
“Umm.. If you don’t mind I would like to explore by myself…” He whispered.
“Have you met him before?” She smirked and raised an eyebrow back at him.
Sherlock felt a pain fill his chest, he wanted to run and hide, but he knew that was illogical… Not to mention extremely childish. “Why? Are you embarrassed of me..?” He asked, because he was rather hurt that John wanted to keep this a secret.
The doorbell rang and snapped her out of her thoughts. She went downstairs and opened the door, it was just the take away man giving her what she had ordered. Jesus, she had forgotten that she had even ordered anything – sometimes dealing with John made her space. It wasn’t that he was a problem for her, it was just exhausting keeping this secret from him and trying to save him at the same time. Claire gave him a tip and then walked back up the stairs, “John. Lunch is here, come on out, love.” She said softly. One thing that had changed was how John would listen to her now. If she said come, he came. And she knew that that was because he was a shell, surviving each day, but not living. He hardly even spoke to her, just listened to commands and didn’t do anything unless he had been commanded. And he never yelled at her anymore, she preferred the yelling. It showed her that he still had some fight left in him.
"You don't know anything! Every. Single. Night. I see him! I see him and he's mean to me! Maybe I should stop drinking, but I can't because drinking makes me see him and that's better than nothing. Every single fucking day those nine words echo again and again and again in my head! 'That's what people do don't they? Leave a note...' I CAN’T HANDLE IT! EVERY NIGHT I DREAM OF HIM FALLING TO THE GROUND!! Dying!! And the
He could hear the DI growl on the other end, “Son of a bitch. You’re a fucking arsehole for what you put John through.” He spat into the phone, he could practically see the DI shaking his head in frustration.
Sherlock thrashed and the officer just picked him up. He was very big and Sherlock was a twig. John sighed and was guided out after Sherlock, he didn’t fight against the man so he got to walk. However, he watched as the officer practically threw Sherlock on the ground once they passed the police tape. He ran to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “You okay..?” He whispered.
A few days later John was lying in his own bed when he had the overwhelming urge to shower. “Darling.” He said so sweetly.
know is that you need to eat.” He said softly. Lestrade watched as John nodded slowly. He smiled brightly and stood up. “Well then come on!” He guided John out of his office and then they climbed into Coach Lestrade's car.
Lily looked from her son’s hand that was holding John's and then back up to his face. “Yes, he can stay here.” She was overjoyed that Sherlock had a friend and now it seemed as though Sherlock liked John more than a friend. This was a dream come true for her, especially since Sherlock showed no interest in people at all. John's head shot up with so much happiness in his eyes that Lily’s heart squeezed in her chest.
John could hear sounds in the distant of screaming and gunfire. Though, he was half asleep and thought maybe he was dreaming, or perhaps he was in that stage where you hear things, but they don’t register to your brain quite yet. He hummed as the screams and gunfire grew louder and louder and then someone was coming into his tent and was screaming his name. He bolted awake then and grabbed his rifle, which rested on the side of the bed when he was in his room. He ran out with Gavin and saw the whole camp had been turned to riot and bloodshed. Fire licked at the tents in the far distant, threatening to turn the whole camp into an inferno blaze. John swallowed as he realised it was in fact not a dream, he aimed his gun and started picking off the bad guys that ambushed them as he ran around covering his army mates. He was surprisingly a really good shot, he was impressed by that actually, not that he thought he would be shite, but he was definitely better than he could imagine. That skill only improved the longer he was there and by his second year he was the best shot in his camp, no, he didn’t go out in the field anymore, but sometimes he volunteered – or sometimes they asked him – and he would never turn that down… the chance of the adrenaline rush that filled his veins, something that didn’t quite feel the same working on people and stitching them up.
“Can shoot him.” John said flatly, finishing Mycroft's sentence. He wanted the man lying on the floor dead and lying in a pool of his own blood. He didn’t want to have to deal with him ever again. He had hurt Harry, he had hurt John, and then he hurt Sherlock. John hated the man more than he ever hated anything in his life and wanted him to die so that he could go straight to hell where he belonged.
Sherlock groaned a bit and had to take a few deep breaths to calm himself. Telling this story took a lot of effort, but he needed to get through it. For John. Always for John.
Sherlock's heart broke and he looked to the side, well as much as he could for being pinned against the ground, but he had to stop looking at Claire. "Claire, please... I'm hoping to be finished within a couple of months... Just watch him for me and before you know it I'll be back." He looked back for her and tried for a smile, but it fell short.
Sherlock grinned and clutched the book to his chest. “Nope! Here I am! I would like to go home now please!” He smiled happily.
John spun around in Sherlock's hold so that he was facing him. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck and buried his face into Sherlock's shoulder. He wanted to kiss Sherlock very badly, but he also knew that Sherlock wasn’t interested in anybody so what would make John different? They were just friends who happened to be very touchy feely, but that was it. It didn’t go past that.
John couldn’t help but smile a bit because the fact that Sherlock was trying to make a friend was really endearing to him... of course he would regret that decision in the end, but John would let him have his moment. He limped over to the mantel and peered at all of the random objects. He smirked when he saw a real human skull because he had a human skull in his bedroom. It was from his first killing and though he probably shouldn’t have taken it he did.
He let out a breath of air he didn't realise he had been holding and then just turned around and left without another word. He felt rude for not saying goodbye, but he couldn’t stand to be there any longer – he didn’t know how John was even managing.
John's heart hurt because he understood everything Sherlock was saying. Even though he didn’t have friends he could understand. He knew it was silly, but he always fantasised about having friends... and then he would have nightmares that when he stopped being clever they would leave him because they weren’t there for him, they were there for his brain, “Sherlock... I’m not here because you can solve cases...”
now that you are all educated in rescue breathing I feel like I did some good to the world!
Brian scoffed, “I’m not helping him. He’s a freak,” he grumbled as he kicked some of the books and papers farther across the room while he made his way towards the door. “Yeah, nice try, mate, but I’m gonna head home now.” He nudged on Zack and together the two of them and the rest of the team walked out of the room.
But laughing at you.
IF YOU LIKE THIS PLEASE SUBSCRIBE, COMMENT, AND OR KUDOS!!!
(See the end of the chapter for
who's there?
John gave a slight jerk of his head as a nod and then they pushed inside.
The flat ones get skipped.
AHHHHH WASN'T THAT THE CUTEST THING EVER It was apart of the sentence I was writing, but then I had John say it and wow chills. Literal chills.
I AM SO SORRY FOR NOT HAVING A CHAPTER UP LAST WEEK!!!! But my computer was broken and it was angry making and it's still sort of broken, BUT!! it's better than it was!! HURRAH!!!
Sherlock was silent for a long moment, he was afraid that John had already fallen asleep, but he spoke up anyway. “John..?” He whispered.
“No! Don’t!! It will ruin it!! You can’t take it off until the very last second!!” He flailed and grabbed Sherlock's hand as he pulled him through the doors and they went in an elevator. John couldn’t help, but laugh at Sherlock’s annoyance because he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be annoyed for much longer – or at least he hoped that anyway. The doors dinged opened and John guided Sherlock out of the elevator. He walked for a few seconds and then stopped. “Alright. I’m going to take the blindfold off now.” He smiled brightly and took off Sherlock's blindfold.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we are meeting; I don’t even know your name.” He grumbled and narrowed his eyes a bit. Deduce me, you twat!
DEUCES!
Sherlock rolled his eyes, slightly annoyed that he got his dirty trainers all over Sherlock's nice dress shoes. “And why would I look at you when I know you just came over here to pick on me? I’d much rather read, Brian, bullying doesn’t suit you.”
“Suppose you never have,” He replied fondly, bringing Sherlock's hand up to kiss it.
Sherlock smirked. “Oh have you now? May I ask where we are going?”
“Woah!” a voice called and he could tell they were smiling.
Sherlock growled and didn’t text back. He started to run as fast as he could and soon he arrived at Lestrade’s door. He pounded on it angrily.
“I am so sorry... I really am, but my mum is getting fed up with you here and you – you need to leave... by today...” He swallowed hard and shifted again. He was angry at his mum for kicking him out, but John would just sit on that couch and do nothing… and this wasn’t his house to rent out, his parents paid for it. He had to listen to them, even if he didn’t like their outcome.
“No...” John protested, weakly. Sherlock was dead, he watched him die. How could he be alive? He couldn’t. It was as simple as that, but it just felt so real... And he felt like the interaction had set him back immensely.
“Hello?” Sherlock asked slowly, tilting his head as he waited for a reply.
John smirked back and rolled his eyes, punching her lightly on the arm, “Nah, you’re just jealous.”
*EDIT*
He rolled his eyes, giving into the urge this time, “Of course that would be the only thing you came for. They‘re under the mattress.” He drawled, picking up his hand and examining his nails.
He tightened his fingers around the rock and wished more than anything that he could just
John blinked slightly because he never thought he would hear Brian admit to being scared. “Scared..? Of what…”
... however, I honestly have no idea where we are...” He sighed. “I think when someone says they’re lost it’s because they don’t know how to get where they are going, but they also don’t know how to get back to where they came from,” He drawled.
“Bellfire tried to soothe her. ‘And I love you little one, but sometimes things happen. Life isn’t fair, and life is hard, and life will throw challenges in your way, but you have to move past that and overcome them. I have faith that one day you'll be truly happy again.’
“SHUT UP!” John screamed at him and Zack flinched and then blinked, but nodded nonetheless. “I bought his presents and then I got some roses and a box of chocolates and I went home and I walked over to him and kissed him and then he pushed me! He said that he didn’t want me—that he never wanted me! That I was just his
John took a calm breath as he closed his eyes, he opened them again and stared at Sherlock, daring him to make a move. “How long did it take until you fucked Brian?” John wasn’t going to ask, he really wasn’t. He didn’t want to ever know, but the fact that he went away for three days and Sherlock already got himself a boyfriend… He needed to know. Did he even mean anything to Sherlock? John couldn’t even be with anyone when Sherlock died and that was a year and a half into Sherlock's death. And now here Sherlock was moving on like John was just another fling.
He walked up to the ledge just as his phone started to ring. He slowly pulled it out of his pocket and answered it, “Hello?”
i'm one for angst if you couldn't tell..
“GIVE ME WHAT I FUCKING ASKED FOR!” He screamed. “It’s not like I haven’t already done that before!” John hissed out, he wasn’t going to let this man live. They let his dad live and he almost ended up dying because of it. It was time for Sigar Holmes to perish.
The water washed over John and unlike before it didn’t help at all. He stayed in there for a long while, not because he was trying to forget, but because he really didn’t want to go back out there and face Sherlock. If that made him a coward, so be it. But He did have to go back out there eventually, so he turned off the water and got out. He got dressed and walked out of his bathroom to find Sherlock lying on his bed.
“Bellfire laughed weakly and then coughed. ‘You'll get on just fine without me. I'm a silly old fairy, really, I was quite useless at helping you.’
A: DATES!!! boo boom cha!
OH SNAP!!! Him and Brian are friends and it is so cute to me!!! Flails everywhere! ANYWAY YOU SHOULD COMMENT TO GIVE ME SOME ADVICE OR TELL ME HOW MUCH YOU LOVE AND OR HATED THE STORY!!! ALSO TELL ME YOUR FAVOURITE PARTS!! COMMUNICATION IS KEEEYYYYYY! And obvi kudo's it if you haven't!! ALSO ALSO!!! I'm writing another Johnlock fic.. It's short and it's a wholock and it's pretty legit so when I post that you should check it out, yo!
him! And he wasn’t there! No, I didn’t need him every day, I’m perfectly capable of functioning on my own, ta, but some days were harder than others. Some days I had no one to talk to and I needed that. But he wasn’t there – he never was. I wrote him every day for a whole fucking year and still he couldn’t even be arsed to send me a letter saying ‘Oh, hey John, but I would rather not write to you anymore.’ – hell! Even a ‘Fuck off, you twat,’ would have been better than the silence I got!!!
“You umm... you were checking out a group of guys as we left the school… like I said it was just a guess.” John’s tone didn’t sound upset, but the long silence told him otherwise. He was still going to tread lightly.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE COMMENT!!! OR KUDOS OR SUBSCRIBE BUT MAINLY COMMENTS BECAUSE READING YOUR COMMENTS ARE SO BEAUTIFUL AND ITS LIKE A RAINBOW EXPLODED RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU AND NOW YOU'RE COVERED IN COLOURS BECAUSE THE RAINBOW IS COLOURFUL AND I KNOW THAT MAKES NO SENSE BUT COMMENTS ARE BEAUTIFUL SO DO IT!
(See the end of the chapter for
I used to be obsessed with the hokey pokey.... But I managed to turn myself around.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Of course I would… it’s called legs. Unless you planned on turning me into an invalid upon the arrival of your home, I would just take the route back to my house, John.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything he just ran off. He didn’t even care that Zack called him ‘freak’ because he deserved it. He deserved every mean thing that ever happened to him from now on. He pushed that all down as he ran away from the house because he needed to find John! He needed to find his John! And nothing else mattered right now.
“We are not lost!!” He growled and kept stomping away, after about five minutes it started to rain.
Mycroft shook his head, "I thought you could actually care for someone, but I was wrong. You don't have a heart, John Watson. You're an evil man and now you're going to die."
Mycroft swallowed hard and continued to drive to the nearest hospital. He could hear Sherlock, but he would be quiet… This moment was John's. Not his… He had plenty of moments he could have had and even though he never took them, even though his brother was dying, he just couldn’t let his emotions show. Not now, not like this.
Sherlock swallowed hard, knowing exactly what she was calling for, “I... I missed him...” He whimpered. “This is just as hard for me as it is for him. Don’t give me that.” He bit out, how could she call him and yell at him?
Sherlock walked in silence as he held John’s hand. They ended up at his old home where he knocked on the door and waited for Mycroft to answer. After a moment, Mycroft opened the door and blinked down at Sherlock he hadn’t seen his brother in years. Well, in person anyway. “Sherlock... What can I do for you..?”
“You have absolutely nothing to say to me. Leave! John’s in the shower and I want you gone by the time he comes out!” Sherlock snarled and slammed the door in their face. He started walking back upstairs when he heard the person call out.
WASNT THAT SAD?! I thought so... you can disagree with me whatevs I dont care.
Sherlock's heart jumped. He looked down at their entwined hands and then forward again. He was having a hard time breathing and the world felt fuzzy, was that normal? “Umm... John…”
“Ok, well I’ll just do a little recap. Umm, my father kicked you out, he’s gone now though. My mother left him so you don’t need to worry about that. Then you left… You told Mycroft you went somewhere. I deduced the school because you said something about a brick building and then that whole thing with Lestrade. So then I think Lestrade may have taken you to a diner where he then drugged you with Rohypnol in order to take you back to his place where he could then rape you. However! You came here first and I was able to stop you… I realised something was wrong so I made you stay… After a really weird story about bunnies and grass we found out that the person that drugged you was Lestrade so I went over there and almost got raped myself, but the police turned up just in the nick of time! Now go take a shower.” He hummed.
John’s mobile rang and he growled with the spoon in his mouth. He didn’t answer the bloody thing because he didn’t want to be disturbed while the movie was at the best part, but it kept ringing so he finally jammed his spoon into the tub, growling more as he picked up his mobile, “WHAT!”
“Oh please.” Sigar rolled his eyes for what felt like the eightieth time and then smirked, “You know you and Sherlock won’t last?” He hummed. “He’s slipping away from you, isn’t he? He’s not the same either and you don’t like it” His eyes widened with some realization, “you don’t want it to last…” He breathed, “that’s fantastic.” He smiled softly.
Mycroft nodded and then started the blood test as Sherlock ran out of the house to go find one Greg Lestrade.
“I’m not going to stand up here and tell stories about my mother because frankly I don’t think any of you, except for John, are worthy of hearing them.” John cleared his throat loudly and Sherlock glared at him. “John is getting mad at me for saying that – even though I still stand by it completely. But he’s giving me that look so I suppose I should change the subject now...” He cleared his throat again and stared down at the podium. “My mother believed in angels and how once we die we become an angel... That our sole purpose in life now is to help the people that need the most help.
He nodded slowly, “Can we..?” He whispered quietly.
'What's on your mind now, Whitney?' You may ask and I would tell you that I still have to fucking pee, cheers!
Sherlock blinked. “I haven’t had anything to drink today... My water supply had run out this morning..”
DEUCES BITCHES
John was so drunk and all of his senses were heightened, he wanted it to last, but he was so close. John groaned at that and thrusted a few more times before coming inside of Sherlock, hard.
As predicted John was right, it did take him most of the day and by the time he started to make his way home, it was growing dark. However, it all needed to be done, so John couldn’t complain. He went to the store and bought a bouquet of roses and a box of chocolates to make up for his absence. John laughed at the fact of how cliché it was, but that was one thing John loved. He loved the obvious and cliché things about romance, and he had a sneaking suspicion Sherlock did too.
Okay but i found this one... like who the fuck is going to answer the knock knock joke like that???
A magician was driving down the street.
"You were crying." He stated, "Why?"
“Yeah, but you can’t count him.” Donna rolled her eyes.
When the cab actually did finally show up, Sherlock flailed and went to sit in his seat, like he hadn’t just spent the last three hours pacing. He didn’t want John to know how eager he was; how nervous he was that John might not come. Though, John could probably tell just by looking at him… he did have a way with knowing what was always up with Sherlock, even when Sherlock thought he was hiding it well.
"Two..." She waited and when he still didn't do anything she growled, "Three!" and tackled him to the ground, sitting on top of him.
Anywayyyyyy have fun reading bitches and I will see you at the bottom! pow pow
No shit, Sherlock.
Sherlock’s breath hitched a bit and he looked into the box. Sure enough there was letter after letter after letter, a year’s supply it seemed. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he reached into the box and grabbed the first letter. He probably should have read them in order, but he couldn’t be bothered to sift through them right now, he just needed to
I'M SO SO SO SORRY BUT IT HAD TO HAPPEN. POOR JOHN I JUST WANT TO CRY. He is my baby and i'm not protecting him. ;-;
“Eh, it wasn’t so bad,” Sherlock teased.
John’s heart dropped at the two words Sherlock uttered. He opened his mouth for a few seconds, trying to find the words to say before speaking, “Sherlock!!! Claire is our friend what do you mean ‘no’? She’s dying, Sherlock! Do you not care about that at all?”
John clenched his jaw, he was nothing like his father. He stood up and shook his head, “right. Well, I should get going.”
Mycroft walked into the kitchen to make a cup of tea while John sat down on the couch. He looked around the room and took a breath, everything was different, but also so much the same. He figured that Mycroft couldn’t stand to have it look how it looked before, but also couldn’t stand to have it look any different than how it was. He couldn’t blame him; he couldn’t even change the flat after Sherlock died! He supposed it was a good thing looking back now, considering that Sherlock came back. He couldn’t imagine if he had gotten rid of Sherlock's stuff only for him to come back to nothing, he would have hated himself as well. Hating Sherlock was already draining him as it was, he couldn’t imagine hating himself too.
“I think you should go.” Sherlock whispered after an hour of silence – well, Aiden was talking the whole time during that hour, but Sherlock didn’t hear a word of it, he was lost in his own mind. Lost in the options he could take in order to get John back. There was only one it seemed and he wasn’t sure what the outcome would be. He didn’t want pity, and he didn’t want John to look at him differently, or take care of him differently. But that was selfish, wasn’t it? He was different. He wasn’t the same man that jumped off the roof of St. Barts, just like he wasn’t the same boy that John had fallen in love with when he came back from the army.
John, instead of being angry… instead of yelling at him, or throwing things, did the opposite of what Sherlock expected. He gave a small smile and lifted his shoulder up just so, barely noticeable, but Sherlock still saw it. “Me too.”
John swallowed because that part was true... he’d seen tons of violent deaths the only difference was, was that he was the cause of them all, “Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much,” However, that statement was false because John definitely didn’t think it was far too much... not for him anyway.
“So, what are you doing with your life now?” She asked as she leaned back.
And (E)ven
DEUCES BITCHES!
“Yes! Now, if you’ll excuse me, I am late!” He smiled again and grabbed an orange from the counter, before dashing out the door.
He closed his eyes and just tried to drift off to sleep when John slowly moved his hands out from Sherlock's hair. He grabbed onto his dog tags and slowly pulled it off of his neck. “Sherlock... put them on...” He whispered and kissed his jaw. “I want you to have them.”
John felt another wave of anger wash over him just as his mobile started buzzing again, “Sherlock…” He said in a warning tone. He was not a happy camper at the moment and Sherlock wasn’t going to shimmy his way out of this one.
A while later he pulled away and started making arrangements for the funeral... He was the only one to attend.
Sherlock looked down and nodded. “Yes, I know…” He whispered, he honestly didn’t know, but with how his father always treated him… well, he had his suspicions.
“It doesn’t matter who he was!” Moriarty snapped, “He was shot in the chest and brought back to camp where they were supposed to save him! Only they didn’t and he died and you want to know who the fuck was working on saving his life? Your precious John! And he
SEE YOU AT THE BOTTOM BITCHES!
Everybody knows Mary had a little lamb. ((BABAM MOTHER FUCKERS I'M SO GOOD!))
Luckily, John only fell onto the floor and not out of the window, which he was thankful for. He breathed in deep breaths as he tried to calm himself. “Sherlock..?” When Sherlock didn’t answer he sat up abruptly. “Sherlock!!” He called, slightly more urgent this time.
“I’m sure it will, John.” He forced a smile and then stood up. He grabbed his rucksack and walked out of the door without another word.
an afterlife Sherlock would never forgive me, though I suppose Sherlock's not going to forgive me now anyway.” He sighed.
“This is Sherlock Holmes,” The voice hummed, he didn’t keep John's number and he deleted it from his brain so he could never recognise it. He didn’t need the hope that bubbled up in him on the off chance that someone else ended up with John's number and called him for a case.
I write the fics that make the whole world sing
John felt awful because really he hadn’t meant to hurt Sherlock at all and certainly not that bad. He swallowed and nodded and then went upstairs to shower. Showers were nice.. Showers helped him calm down… However, he didn’t think the shower was going to help him this time, but he did what Sherlock said because he at least owed him that…
“Is that it then?” John raised an eyebrow.
“Are you an idiot?” John barked out a laugh, “You half suck me off, don’t even finish mind you, and then you just randomly get up and leave without and explanation and just expect me to
Sherlock thought about rejecting it, but didn’t. He slowly took the cup and sat up. He looked down into the mug and swallowed hard. He didn’t know what to say, but he wanted to talk to John about so many things... he was just frightened.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and pocketed his phone again.
Opportunity
Question:
“I don’t have to jump and John doesn’t have to die! You said so yourself that you’re not going to do it... which means they can be stopped! James! I can give you whatever you want, just don’t do this!” He hissed, frantic now for some solution on how to fix this.
Thankfully, Mike joined in and chuckled a bit, “You’ve no idea.”
“And what state is that exactly!” He spat as he glared at John.
“But why do you want to die!” Sherlock choked out, “Whatever is wrong... suicide isn’t the answer and it will get better. You don’t have to do this and I really don’t even see how John and I come into play! What did I ever do to you?”
John took a breath and squeezed his hand again, he was silent for a long time. “I- I forgive you. I want you to know that now. I forgive you with everything in my body. That being said, my anger may come out from time to time. But it’s like you said, we will get through this. There is no doubt about that in my mind and honestly, I am incredibly happy to marry you.” He breathed.
The DI swallowed and took a breath, “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I really am. I wish it was different, but unless Mycroft can come forward and says himself that it was a mistake… my hands are tied.”
“What?” John frowned a bit, his fingers freezing in place. It wasn’t that he was embarrassed, or whatever, he just hadn’t really noticed it himself.
is he doing here!!” John growled.
He swallowed and downed his Love Potion, he wasn’t going to say anything, he was going to tell her, ‘hey, thanks for the offer, but I don’t want to thrust my problems on you.’ But before he could even think about saying that, the words were tumbling out of his mouth, “I just got back from the army and I’m so angry because there I felt like something... like I meant something to the world. I was helping people, but then I had to go and get fucking shot! And it’s not even fair because the whole four and a half years I was there Sherlock ignored me for three of them! He was all I had and he bloody ignored me! He wrote me for a year and a half, but after a year and a half he just stopped so I had to endure three years of complete silence! I
Answer:
John's jaw set. He did not like that word… not one bit. “Don’t say that.” he said firmly. He hoped Sherlock was still asleep, which was a fairly stupid hope because his father was screaming.
The ice cold water took Sherlock's breath away, which was probably not a good thing considering he needed every breath he could get. He didn’t come up for another breath though, he didn’t have time! Time was crucial in this moment. He swam as fast as he could and it was hard to see where he was because the water was so mucky and thick and brown that he couldn’t see more than two feet in front of him. He kept swimming and he didn’t even realise how much he needed air because this was about John. All about John, nothing would get in the way of saving John and if he died trying, then he died trying.
to tell him... but he knew that there was more and the fact that Sherlock wasn’t able to tell him hurt. He had no idea what that more was and, honestly, he had no idea why he was so certain that there
John opened his mouth to speak, but couldn’t find his voice so he cleared his throat and tried again, “Do what...” He said and he wasn’t even sure if Sherlock could hear him, it was so weak.
Alright peeps! In the end notes there will be warnings for the chapters ahead, but they are also spoiler warnings!! So if you don't care about warnings and don't want to be spoiled then you can skip the end notes! (:
John followed Sherlock down the stairs and his jaw clenched when he saw Brian. “What the
“Oh, chillax!” She hummed, taking on an American accent when she said ‘chillax’ – it was actually quite good, “It just happens to taste the best, I think.”
Sherlock's heart dropped. John was crying... he made John cry! He didn’t even care that John had told him to go away, he definitely deserved that. John didn’t deserve to shed tears, not after everything he had been through. He needed to remain happy for the rest of his life. “Yes, I was being selfish... please come out...”
lose.
He finally felt content, at peace, but then there was a tugging at his arm and he was being pulled out of the bath. John gasped for air and just started sobbing as he clutched at the stranger’s shirt, he didn’t know who it was, but he was actually thankful for what they did. Arms wrapped around his body, pulling him out of the tub entirely. He was curled up in the persons lap and the arms that held him pulled him closer, rubbing his back slightly and pressing small kisses into his wet hair, "It's okay... You're safe..." The voice said softly as they kissed his head again and John wanted so badly for that voice to be Sherlock's, but it wasn't... And it never would be.
“No!! Sherlock! Open the door! I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! I just want to tell you and John that! Please!”
"SHUT UP!!!!" Sherlock screamed and glared at the wall.
John froze a bit and he really hoped it didn’t show... he didn’t really hear anything she said after ‘Mrs. Turner’, but she seemed to keep talking. He wandered over and sat down again as his brain whirled with thought... surely it couldn’t be the same one could it? He was over reacting because there was probably many ‘Turners’ in the world. He sighed and shook his head to clear his thoughts just as Sherlock was jumping up and down. John blinked rapidly because he was jumping around the room in an excited fashion and John wondered what he could have possibly missed...
He made himself presentable and then walked to the pub, it was a bit far, but he did everything he could to avoid cabs, and the tube station just made him feel like he was suffocating. Too many people. He walked up to the bar and sat down on a wobbly stool. John rested his chin on the table and smiled sadly at Claire, “Hi.” He said quietly.
“Right, sorry. Please continue!” John rolled his hand in the air as he bowed slightly, giving Sherlock the floor.
“Yes, but I
Sherlock just nodded slowly and walked around the TARDIS for a second before he looked at The Doctor. “This is so amazing….” He whispered.
Mycroft blinked a bit and then a slow smile spread across Mycroft’s face, “Ah, there it is.”
John sighs as he leans up against the wall, “Right. Well, I came here to ask you something.” He says softly.
"Because I'm really him, John... You threw it at my funeral and I went to grab it." He said quietly. "I owe you a thousand apologies, but I don't–" before he could get another word out John punched him right in the face and Sherlock stumbled back some and groaned, blood gushing out of his nose. "I deserved that..." He whimpered slightly, his hand coming up to pinch the bridge of his nose.
side with him!! He could ask you to go and kill the fucking President of the United States and you
John wanted to punch him again, “To get me here so he could talk to me and try to convince me to not go through with it!”
His father just grinned brightly and looked Sherlock right in the eyes, “John is dead, Sherlock. He went on this mission and there was an explosion. His body didn’t even survive the explosion and he exploded into little bits all over the ground.” He sung happily, it made Sherlock sick. “John’s dead, and he’s never coming back. So enjoy that letter because it was the last.” And with that he got up, “Happy nineteenth birthday, son.” He grinned a toothy grin as he left the house.
okay on with the story!
Here about the knew restaurant called Karma??
Like you I was (Q)rious
“Even though he was the rudest person I think I ever had the misfortune of meeting... He was also the kindest, the most thoughtful, the most loving...." He trailed off and just sort of forgot where he was, he did that a lot these days, forget. "And now he's fucking gone. Because he decided to be selfish. There was a time in my life when I told him I would be able to forgive him for anything that he would ever do, but I simply will
Mycroft sighed, “Pity, I was hoping you would finish drinking that before you dropped it.” He sighed and went to clean up the mess. It was the last thing he saw before everything went black.
John was silent for a moment and then swallowed thickly, “I can’t make that promise....” He whispered as his hand came up to hold the locket that was wrapped around his neck. He did that when he was under stress, he had only been wearing it for about a month, but the habit developed quickly and Sherlock noticed just as quick.
. It was a lot easier to talk to people with John, but he didn’t have John at the moment. John always seemed to make people appear less stupid than they actually were, or at the very least made it tolerable to be around stupid people.
. Sherlock leaned against the tree trunk and wanted to run up to John. He wanted to hug him and tell him that everything was going to be alright... but it wasn’t. And Sherlock knew that by doing what he was doing things might not ever be the same again and that killed him. He also knew that there was no way around this and if he wanted John to be safe, he had no other option.
The bell rang and he made his way to his last class of the day… chemistry. This was John’s least favourite class. He found it pointless and boring; although, this was mainly because he didn’t understand it. John sat with his rugby friends in the back of the class like he always did. He was in his own little world when suddenly one of them nudged John in the side.
Sherlock sniffled a bit and leaned into his brother’s touch, normally he would move away, but he wanted the comfort. He looked incredibly young… but then of course he was young, even if he didn’t act like it at times. “I snuck into a crime scene today and told them who murdered the victim and they just laughed at me!! And now… now when I need him most John left!”
“Alright. Come on.” He smiled and took a very eager Sherlock back home.
Sherlock pouted, “I could never hate you, Irene. Your mind is
but seriously you should comment, because comments are my life support.
Also MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY!!! AND IM 21 PARTYYYYYYYY bwahahaha
John had changed so much in those almost five years of being away. He was more built and he was a lot more responsible and grown up. His voice was deeper and he didn’t look like a teenager anymore because he wasn’t. He wondered how different Sherlock would look… The thought of that made him sigh and shake his head, he found himself thinking about this a lot and it rather annoyed him because he had another things to focus on.
Lestrade looked a bit hesitant, but then reluctantly agreed because John was taking him up on his offer. He gave him the address and then plastered a smile on his face. “Just be sure to hurry, yeah? I don’t want anything to happen to you along the way…”
“I’m really disappointed Lily. This meal has been extremely boring and frankly it wasn’t that good. The soup was cold, the salad was mushy, and salmon is over cooked.” He gave a look of disgust and pushed his plate away. “But then again… You never really could cook. I don’t even get why you even try anymore.”
John looked down and fiddled with his locket. He honestly didn’t think he would be able to survive without Sherlock, but he also didn’t think anything would happen unless Sherlock made it happen. They seemed to be invincible in that sense, he took a shaky breath and nodded slowly, “Yes, okay...” He whispered.
“’Minor mishap’!” John mocked. “He said he wanted to break me. He wanted to fix me up and then BREAK ME TO THE POINT OF NO RETURN!!! Well, he fucking got what he wanted so I hope that he’s soooo fucking happy!” John started to sob again and then he turned away from Zack and cried into the couch.
John’s mind came back to reality after the thought and he started to pay attention to the screen again, he hadn’t missed much, just Sherlock walking. Sherlock had pulled out his phone at some point during John's thought and was currently dialling someone, a couple of seconds passed and he just threw the phone on the ground and started to punch the wall over and over again. John swallowed thickly and wanted to look away, but didn’t. He was thankful that there wasn’t any sound because he was certain that Sherlock would be screaming and he couldn’t bare it if he could hear Sherlock's screams as well.
Finally, John looks up and opens a small box, “I’m going to ask her to marry me...” He hands the ring to Sherlock so that he can look at it. Sherlock's face twitches into something that John has never seen before, but before he can figure out what it is... it’s gone. John sighs and looks away again.
that... he just didn’t want to end this... he didn’t want to break Sherlock like he said he would so he was forcing himself not to see it.
I laughed for years.
Little did this stranger know Claire happened to be a runner in high school… Though, she doubted that he actually knew she was following him anyway, which definitely worked in her favour. She sped up her pace and soon was tackling the man to the ground and forcing his hands behind his back.
“Brian? High school Brian? The Brian that... loves you?” He swallowed, “Sherlock, I don’t really think that that’s a good idea I mean... unless you two have–“ He was cut off by Sherlock though.
John clenched his jaw, “I told you that suicide was never the answer, Sherlock! So no. If you jump I’m going to march right up on that roof and jump right after you. You told me once, a very long time ago, that the only reason you never succeeded before is because you refused to let them win! So why the hell are you letting them win now? Especially when you have me!! When I’m here to help you!” He said quietly, his voice breaking on the last few words. Willing Sherlock with his mind to get down from the rooftop, but it wasn’t working.
John swallowed hard and his face softened. He looked pained and he opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out so he tried again, "I'm sorry...." He whispered.
John swallowed hard and hid behind the wall like he had planned. He could hear Sherlock open the door and walk inside. His heart sunk to know that this was actually happening, but he had to be strong and toughen up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So that’s how you see me then? As a rude and heartless bitter man, who happens to be a complete bastard and doesn’t care about anybody’s feelings!”
This can be read as a one off in all honesty so I'm making it complete. I might come back and finish it one day, but for right now I think I like how it ends. I hope you guys enjoy the rest of the story. Like I said perhaps one day there will be a continuation, but for right now lets just enjoy the way it ends.
