was very much
Deep cleaning the entire room (a definitive need: the amount of deceased insects stuck in the windowsill was always
Dean grinned, jogging the rest of the way to the curb. “Hey!” he huffed, pulling her into a hug and slapping Sam on the back.
“What? It’s something biblical, I can’t remember it!”
"Do we
Dean snorted. “Yeah, we all know how long that’s gonna last.”
“Yes,
Castiel yawned. “No, we can get through them tonight. We can finish them by eight thirty.”
“Good morning,” Dean said, grinning, lifting up the edge of a pancake.
Dean stood there, the jumbled bunch of words he’d stirred up in the car long evaporated from his tongue.
—a bath this morning.” Dean said, just to make sure he’d heard right.
Castiel has a crush on you right now.” she said, digging down in her pocket for her phone. “And your evidence is that he’s never marched up and said—” she lowered her voice to imitate Castiel’s gravelly growl, “‘Hey, Dean, I think you’re hot, wanna bang?’”
Was it because of Dean? Had his drunken New Year’s texts wedged even more of a wall between them that he’d originally thought?
“Mmff.”
Castiel smiled, sitting down at the kitchen table with his pasta.
Sam answered him a few minutes later.
of trees as they swayed.
Charlie and Gilda bounded through the front door at exactly seven o’clock, bearing metal tins filled to the brim with cookies and a large bottle of champagne. Ellen and Jo followed shortly afterwards, a crockpot of chili and a grumpy Bobby in tow.
Dean glanced ahead, where his brother and Cas were milling around one of the tents. “Yeah, I guess,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck.
“You sound disappointed about that.”
Castiel looked up from his section of the bookshelf at the loud thud. “My snake. Marcy."
“The power’s supposed to be back tomorrow, right?” Castiel murmured after a few long minutes, occasionally filled by the last few feeble pops of dying embers.
“You’re insane, Cas, Michael’s
He couldn’t see Dean anywhere, not at the bar, the booths, weaving around tables, not until—“Heya, Cas!
Castiel was kinda cute when he was flustered.
He didn’t turn to see the expression on Castiel's face as he walked away, if there was one. He wasn't sure he'd be able to leave if he had.
Castiel opened his mouth to answer, closed it, and then sighed, drooping in his chair. He rubbed his face with his hand and groaned, “I had to give Marcy a bath.”
help me. Maybe that’s why.”
Castiel shook his head. “Sorry, no.”
Castiel turned around when Dean caught up to him. “These are very good pumpkins,” he said seriously, holding the heavy thing like a baby. “Not for pies, though. These aren’t the sugar ones.”
He squeezed his eyes shut, pushing and stamping on that little voice.
“You are an
“Jerk.”
Castiel chuckled. “I do that too. If I don’t—well, Kaia doesn’t interact with anyone else and Claire—”
They braved the frosty outdoors afterwards, bundled up in a good few layers to trod through the knee-high snow, to check on the chickens.. Castiel had done a good job of winter-ifying their hutch; he’d insulated the walls and set down a thick, hefty layer of bedding for the birds to nestle down in. Unfortunately, that meant searching for the chickens in the aspen was a little bit less
The Roadhouse was a rundown, hole-in-the-wall bar-slash-burger joint, built like a barn and tucked away at the edge of town. Classic rock—Joan Jett And The Blackhearts, by the sound of it—thrummed through the floorboards, aided by the clack and thwack of pool cues hitting their marks. The smell of whiskey, tap beer, French fries, and pub nachos saturated the air, along with something distinctly its own.
“What point are you trying to prove?”
Dean pulled on his leather driving gloves—a gift from Sam two Christmases ago—and layered even more. And layered, and layered, digging out the sweatshirts he rarely wore and the wool socks he avoided at all costs. As it turned out, wool socks were
He was young, probably Dean’s age or just slightly older, but the sweater vest and black slacks ensemble he was wearing made him look ten years older than he probably was. Messy black hair curled behind his ears and swept every which way. Strong, angular features with a hint of scruff around the edges of his jawline contrasted with his eyes—blue in the overhead lights and sloping downwards at the outer corners, giving him a permanently sad, somber expression.
The next morning, Dean awoke early, not exactly sure where he was. Then he rolled on his side to check the time and saw Castiel.
"I don't believe it was a mistake. We didn't really… do anything, Dean. There was nothing wrong with what happened." Cas replied.
"You alright?" Dean asked him.
"No Dean, we do not need to talk about it. It was… well, it was delightful. I had no idea that twining with another human like that could be so enjoyable." Cas admitted. "I just… fell though. I just got back here and I have never, I repeat
Naomi pops into existence. She stands behind the wall where the Dean is and Castiel can see her smile at him, placing a finger to his lips. This is a new game. She has yet to insert herself into the "Kill Dean" scenario. The Dean moves around the wall and comes face to face with the copy. The copy backs away, becoming aware that Naomi is what he is hunting.
"Beautiful, stunning, smart and just a little less crazy than I am." Sam admitted, a smile spreading across his face. Sam had met his current girlfriend in his shrink's office. Major depressive disorder, but when she was smiling, it lit up the room.
"Please tell me Raphael is dead." Dean said stonily. If he wasn't, Dean would make it his life's mission to hunt the bastard down for what he had done to Cas.
"I'd love that." Castiel said. "Oh God, I'd love that. Whatever you want to do tomorrow, I'm game."
"You're perfect." Dean murmured, leaning over and kissing Cas in a way that was almost chaste. "Cas, buddy, you know that I love the shit out of you, right?"
"Relax, Dean. He will be here soon. Right here in this living room, as Gabriel promised. He will be in his old body, the same old Sammy with the demon blood that you've always loved to hate." Balthazar said.
"He tried to make cupcakes for Charlie's 22nd birthday." Jo said. "Somehow they came out mostly uncooked. I mean burning food I can understand… but under cooked cupcakes? Blech."
"You're a fool, Dean. Thinking that demons are the path, even after Gabriel came to us on his own volition and swore to get Sam out. You always do this; sacrifice everything for your brother. Except now, you're not just sacrificing yourself, you're sacrificing me. You're sacrificing me, even though you don't have to do so. Do I mean so little to you?" Cas asked.
Dean figured he was ready to summon Crowley.
"Honey, it was so wonderful to have you back home." She said. She grabbed him and wrapped him up in one of her hugs, the kind of hug that only your mom could give you. "I love you." She whispered into his ear.
"Damn Cas, I don't know if I should be flattered or bothered by that. Keeping track of how happy I am, what are you, a shrink?" Dean joked.
"Not gonna happen, Cas. I'm not leaving you, no matter how much you try to force me away. So come on, work with me."
To further claim his territory, Dean reached over and grabbed his hand, this time not caring who saw them together. Castiel actually relaxed under his touch, a marked change from how he reacted while they were in Lawrence. Dean supposed holding hands in front of their peers was a little different than holding hands in front of his mom, or somehow their roles had reversed during the short trip home and now Castiel was the one embarrassed by public displays of affection.
"I don't want to see him. You shouldn't either. I don't know why you haven't made him sign the divorce papers." Dean said.
This had happened dozens of time, as far as Dean could remember. His father would do something stupid, like spend all their money on gambling or booze and she'd threaten to leave him until he smacked her around for awhile. Sometimes she'd stay away for weeks at a time, but she always would go back and they'd run away together. Dean closed his eyes. He wanted her to be done with him more than anything. He'd give anything for her to leave him.
"Are you sure?"
Apparently his brother hadn't either.
The copy isn't dead. "Cas." It gasps. "Cas, please."
"You get all lovey-dovey most of the time. One or two drinks and you're so cuddly. But sometimes man, you get pissed. You hulk out. It's hilarious because you're so itty bitty, but you seriously fucking hulk out. Ya know? It's crazy." He slurred, shaking his head.
"Why's that? You're a cool guy, Cas."
"I can't." Castiel whimpered. "I don't want to discuss it with you, Dean."
Castiel stares at the copy. He has lost track of how many versions of Dean he has been forced to slay. He doesn't know how long he has been here. It feels like it has been years. Castiel fears he has actually died and this is Hell. In Heaven, your paradise is whatever you want it to be. Maybe that's what Hell is now. Hell is your worst fear embodied and then being forced to face it and do it for eternity. Choose your own torture. Castiel's worst fear has always been killing Dean. The only time it wasn't his worst fear was in those brief moments as a deity where he felt so superior that Dean no longer mattered to him.
“No, no need to apologise. I’m always going to be a worrier” Dean tried to smile, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Sam was hoping, now that Cas was back from purgatory, that his brother would finally man up and claim the Angel. Apparently, no one in the universe cared for his hopes, as it seemed Dean was content with burying the past 7 months down and forgetting about them.
To say Dean was shocked, would be an understatement. He stared at Cas, jaw hanging open, surprise clear in his eyes.
Dean and Cas were blushing furiously, their minds trying to comprehend what that meant.
Samandriel was crying. He was being brought back to life, and was being let go to live with his bonded parents, he felt like he was dreaming – if an angel could dream.
Dean and Cas gaped at Sam like he had just announced his engagement to Lucifer "wait" Dean said holding his hand up "are you hitting on Cas...for me?" He looked so confused.
“Who are you, and what do you want?” Ash started “we were told that Angels would leave us alone, unless something big happened.”
Sam rushed forward to hug Cas "I can't believe part of your dream world was for us to have our whole family back, and for me to have Jess back."
“Alright, here's how it went. Nearly 10 years ago, Sammy died, so I sold my soul to bring him back, got a year out of it. The hellhounds came, it wasn't pretty. Anyway, spent 40 years down in the pit before something yanked me out. Took me and Bobby a day or two summon the fucker. When it showed up, well, it was a he. A trench coat wearing, awkward fucker of a guy. Introduced himself, Castiel, Angel of the Lord. Apparently, God had plans for me, that required me to be on earth. Anyway, it turns out me and Sammy were supposed to host Michael and Lucifer for the big boss fight which would be the beginning of the end, the literal biblical apocalypse. Well, me and Sammy didn't take that news too well, and when Castiel found out what was happening, he left heaven and started hunting with us. Eventually, with the help of Gabriel, you know, the Archangel, we figured we could trap Lucifer back in his Hell Cage, but Sammy had to say yes and let him possess him, before overpowering him, and jumping into the cage, pulling Michael wearing our little brother, with him. Sam got out, with the help of Castiel, but the damage was done. Anyway, fast forward to about a year and a half ago, God’s sister, Amara, got out of her cage, and tried to start her own Apocalypse. But, I managed to get her and God, he likes to be called Chuck by the way, to talk it out. They're off on vacation right now, making up for lost time, since the last time they seen each other, the only things that existed were God and his Arch’s. Oh, and a little surprise” dean paused, amused at all the shocked, and dubious, looks he was facing, he lifted his left hand “I married Cas two years ago” he settled back, letting all the information settle in. He spied Sam, leaning on the door frame looking amused, and flashed him a cheeky grin.
Gabe had watched everyone, but mostly Sam, during the story, and decided to follow Sam out to make sure he didn’t wander too far in his introspective state, and to give him a shoulder to lean on or an ear to talk off, if he needed it.
Jody shook her head, and patted his arm “na, figured that would be down to you to disclose”.
Chuck stood calmly through the whole rant, sadly accepting the cruel, but true words.
Henry grinned “thank you Samandriel, I was hopeful the boys would take up residence in the Bunker, and take up their long awaited places as Legacies. Hunters were viewed as uneducated apes, because the old generation of Letters withheld the knowledge they needed, only feeding them what they chose to in order to keep them under their control. My hope, was to one day take over the American sector and change that, but it looks like the boys are doing just fine without my help.”
Samandriel smiled, and buried his head in his dad’s shoulder “I love you too Dad.”
Samandriel smiled, he knew of Rufus and his tough love act “they told me about you Rufus. There’s only two people I don’t know, the man beside Ellen, but I am assuming that he’s Bill Harvelle. And, I’m not sure who the woman is sitting next to Bobby.”
Jody shouted him over to a group of large men, who all looked slightly embarrassed, while Jody just looked amused.
Smiling sadly, Samandriel spoke quietly “he wasn’t doing well for a while, he was resurrected after you death, and had no memories of his life. They managed to get them back, but then Dad and him ended up in Purgatory. It took a while, and some unhealthy coping mechanisms, but they got out and after years of almost-apocalypses, they managed to settle into a decent life together.”
“That is because the Campbell’s asked to be place a bit further away as they don’t agree with how hunters behave now, and blame the Winchesters for that. Down at the end of this corridor is two doors, one for the Winchester Extended Family, and one that is called ‘The Roadhouse’. You will want to start in that one, that’s where they usually meet up. I will take my leave now, but I expect you to let your family know I intend to visit in a few days so they can be prepared for my arrival.”
Dean nodded, glad that Sam had Gabriel in his life, he wasn’t blind, he knew there was something between him, but decided not to worry about it.
Samandriel remained standing. He wanted to be able to see everyone’s reaction. Taking a deep breath, he explained everything that had happened from the moment he had thought of the idea, right up until he landed at the front door.
After dragging Cas out of the warehouse and back to the bunker, Sam and Dean decided to find out what happened.
“Stand down boy, you don’t have to act like a solider with me. I shouldn’t have done that to my boys, but it was the only thing I could do to think straight – go back to my military ways. I took too long to find help, beyond seeking out Missouri Moseley. Once Jim and Bobby got a hold of us, I was too far gone. I wouldn’t leave the boys with them for too long, and I never gave details on where we were going. It took me being dead, and hearing about their lives after me, to realise everything I had done wrong. It’s my biggest regret, and it took years up here for me to get rid off all that rage and black and white hate I held on to. Once I realised what happened to Adam, I knew it was a mistake to keep them apart. My boy died not knowing he had brothers that would have loved him, and my other two probably thought I kept Adam away to live a white-picket-fence life without them. Then he got dragged back to be the meatsuit
’ prayer to Chuck, before stepping towards his family.
Sam grinned, he was glad Cas thought of him as a brother as he saw Cas that way, too.
“It’s not other hunters we hear these stories from” she said, her voice gentle “it’s the people you save. One of us stops off in some little town, and a civilian spots something different about us, and tell us the story of two, sometimes three, guys who rolled into town and stopped the strange shit from continuing. Or, how a guy in a black muscle car saved her kid, while a tall floppy-haired boy, spoke in a strange language, that stopped her neighbour from killing her. You leave a legacy behind, in every town you enter. With every life you save.”
“Well, you’re just in luck. We made burgers and fries, and were waiting for you before we ate. Cas doesn’t need to eat, but he enjoys burgers. So, you can have extra fries.”
Cas sighed again, know the next part might be hard for Sam and Dean "when I went into the war room, Sam, you where looking through files for a case...a lawyer case. And, your dad was on the phone, he had been called into work, he was a policeman. But, there was someone else there, and I don't want to upset anyone, so I think I should keep it to myself" he finished.
“Dad” he whispered quietly “I’m sorry, I know you dislike chick flicks” was all he said before tackling Dean into a messy hug using his wings, as well as his arms.
Shaking his head “no, nothing bad dad. Just something I’m not sure how you’ll react to.”
“Ok, I have a lot to tell you in order for you to understand how I came to be here today. I’ll start at the beginning of my existence then skip ahead a few millennia.” Taking a deep breath, and hoping this was a good idea, Samandriel described his creation. He described his bond with Castiel “we Grace bonded when I was first handed to him, he became my parent. Over time, as Heaven grew worse, we were forced apart by rank and placed in separate Garrisons. When Father rescued Dean Winchester from Hell, they created a soul-Grace bond, that had been predicted before their existence were merely a thought in Chuck’s mind. Their bond would stabilise the universe, as long as the kept in contact enough to keep the bond alive. Obviously, some of you know they remained close throughout their time together, and grew closer than any of you know. When I fled Heaven during the Apocalypse, I hunted Father down and joined him and the Winchesters to help defeat Lucifer and Michael. Some of you know how that ended, I was placed in hiding by Father and Dean when the time came to go to Stull Cemetery, and only knew the outcome when they came back without Sam. After that, we worked against Crowley to stop the opening of Purgatory but he killed me in the process. After I came back, I learned that they managed to stop him and instead they found another way to kill Raphael and stop the war restarting.” Samandriel paused to take in the reactions of everyone, most people looked shocked, but Bobby, John and Mary looked sad. Samandriel was glad they weren’t angry, “I was returned after God came back to Earth after the Angels killed his sister, the Darkness, or Amara as she had taken to calling herself. He explained to Dean and Father what their bond really meant, and he told Sam that he was destined for Heaven with Dean, as Sam believed that he would end up in the Cage when he died. He also explained that Heaven for the Winchester and associates would be restructured, I didn’t realise they would restructure all of the Soul Area. When he announced the return of me, and several other Angels, Father and Dean celebrated my return. Chuck confirmed that my bond with my father merged with Dean after their bond was established. When I arrived at the bunker, Dean allowed me to call him Dad. I call Sam and Gabriel my uncles. We live together, hunt together, and I am helping the Angels learn about humanity along with Father. Uncle Gabe is on a time out because he was messing around with some older souls.”
“What did I miss?” he asked, voice raspy for disuse.
Samandriel pulled back, just enough to look at his father’s face “no” he shook his head “it wasn’t your fault. I should have listened to you, and stayed away. I just wanted to help you.”
he does. That man, Angel, whatever, had loved you since he pulled you out of Hell. Sure, maybe he didn't understand at first, but then he did, and I could see how much it hurt him everytime you went home with some random chick from a bar. I saw how hard he tried to get past that, and when you would chose to stay with him, I could see how happy that made him, and how much he tried to keep you occupied so you wouldn't get board and leave him for a bar and a random hook up. So, pull it out of your ass Dean, and get your Angel before he gives up and decides to stay gone to avoid getting hurt further."
Dean so didn’t want to have this conversation “actually I have three. My oldest, Ben, he lives overseas with his mom. We had a one night stand way back, and I didn’t know about him until he was 8, that was 10 years ago. She didn’t take to well to the supernatural, but me and Cas fly over to see him every few weeks. They know enough to protect themselves, and know to pray if they need us. Emma, again conceived with a one night stand, turned out to be an Amazon. Sam had to kill her, to stop her killing me. Me and Cas met up with her in purgatory, she’s doing good. The Elder Amazons who still believe in the old way, took her in and look out for her. I won’t see her again, but I know she’s safe. And Claire, she’s the daughter of Jimmy and Amelia Novak. When Cas first came to earth, he needed a vessel. Jimmy said yes, because angels need consent, and when they died during the apocalypse, Jimmy went to heaven, but Chuck brought Cas back. We tracked Amelia and Claire down not too long after, but Claire’s mom couldn’t handle everything, so she left, and we took Claire in. She stays with Jody, and calls her mom, but she calls Cas and I her dad’s too. We found out that Amelia was sent to a Buddhist rehabilitation centre by Chuck. She found peace there, and we visit as much as we can.” Dean shrugged.
Dean couldn’t breathe. His mom, dad, Sammy, Gabriel. Hell, everyone suffered because he was supposed to find his Angel, it wasn’t fair.
Chuck decided to give him some time to absorb everything, so he turned to Dean “as everyone to ever live, gets to share their Heaven with their soulmate, and since Winchesters were never very big on rules, I have decided to allow Angelic access, permanently, to Castiel obviously, and a few other Angel’s. Gabriel, Samandriel, Balth-“ before God could continue, he was interrupted by Dean “Alfie? You brought Alfie back?” at Chuck’s nod, Dean began to laugh, almost hysterically, as tears streamed down his face “I don’t- I can’t- thank you” he said to Chuck, before hugging Cas, who was also weeping at the news.
Dean laughed, grabbing the offered hand, and using it to pull Cas in for a quick kiss “you know I am, sweetheart.”
"I was part of your wish?" He whispered.
“Thank you so much Chuck, for telling me this. Can I ask what happened to Jess?” he wash bashful, hoping Chuck wouldn’t be upset at the question.
Castiel smiled at his husband and son, enjoying seeing the evidence of how far they’ve come, and how far Dean has come in a few short years.
Rufus decided to pipe up next “who exactly here don’t you know? You said you knew almost everyone. Did those boys not tell you about me?”
Bobby nodded, and pulled back so he could turn to speak to everyone else “he’s good, lets all sit down and he can catch us up” he then turned back to Samandriel “I’m assuming a lot has changed, since you’re living on Earth but visiting Heaven?”
Once Samandriel was close enough, Cas pulled him in to whisper something in his ear. Whatever he said made Samandriel light up. He nodded, before pulling away and turning to Dean.
Sam gathered a few burgers, a plate full of fries, and some candy, making a hasty retreat just as the door was knocked on.
Dean and Cas looked relieved at that “thank you, Father.”
Sam smiled, glad that no one was having an existential crisis “that’s good. But Chuck, has a liking for hunters who protect people, who wouldn’t hurt a human unless necessary. And by necessary, he means to protect some on else. He makes sure all of them get into heaven.”
Samandriel looked on in awe as Dean called for Chuck “hey, big guy in the sky, can I have a minute of your time before you kidnap my kid?”
Glad for the opportunity to talk about the happier times, he started to describe their lives. Henry was overjoyed that they were living in the Bunker, and using all that knowledge to help hunters around America. Samandriel tried to leave out the bad stuff, and only talk about the good times. Dean’s love of cooking and how he had to teach Sam and Castiel how to make basic things because they almost set the kitchen on fire. They sat for hours sharing stories back and forth, Mary and John even shared a few from the brothers younger years.
William laughed, happy to be in the presence of such a bright and joyful Angel “I look forward to it, now on you go little one, I know you are excited to meet everyone. Just remember, some of them may take more time to adjust to your story than others, do not let that dampen your spirits.”
“what’s the Hell happened?” he asked groggily.
__________
William cringed at the thought of any test Castiel and Dean Winchester would make him take. Samandriel laughed at the look on his face “Don’t worry, Castiel trusts you, and Dean’s a softy at heart.”
Dean beamed “thanks Chuck. When is it happening?”
Cas nodded to Gabriel as he passed, realising what he was doing. He had to stay here for Dean and Samandriel, but was glad his friend had someone to be there with him. Nodding to a chair, Castiel indicated that Samandriel should sit down. He knew this could take a while.
Dean stood from the bed, shakily, and gave Chuck a hug “thank you, so much, I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you for this”.
“Dad, I don’t understand” he said.
He had been angry, thinking the boys had made a deal (angel or demon), but calmed when he realised they had actually found an old Norse spell for portal opening. After that, he was just happy to be back with his family.
Sam was first to speak “thanks Samandriel, for telling us all that. I’m glad they’ve all found peace together. And thank you, for finding out about Adam. I can’t believe he was never in the Cage, I would hear him sometimes, screaming.”
Mary smiled, and let go of his hand to touch his cheek gently “honey, we’re your family too. Call me Mary, please. Mrs Winchester makes me feel old, although I guess I’m technically your grandmother.” she trailed off, squinting at that thought. Shaking herself, she looked into Samandriel’s eyes, and he could see that Sam shared her colouring “just do me a favour, please? Tell my boys I love them, and I look forward to seeing them in Heaven, in another 40 or 50 years. Can you also tell Castiel ‘thank you’ from me? I’ve heard a lot about him from everyone here, and I don’t think I have words to describe how happy it makes me to know that he’s been with them for all these years, protecting and loving them. I used to tell Dean, and Sam for a short while, that Angels were watching over them, I didn’t think it would be so literal, but I am glad they found each other. Thank Gabriel for being there for Sam, since he came back. It sounds like Sam needs his own friends outside of Dean and Castiel. And finally, you make sure you keep yourself safe, and take time to just enjoy acting human. It may seem bad, but humanity can be a wonderful thing.”
Dean then turned to Cas, who was staring at Dean, slightly confused.
“Dad has changed a lot, Uncle Sam said it’s since they moved into the Bunker. He allows Father and Uncle Sam to drive, Uncle Gabe isn’t allowed in case he breaks something. The car is important to the whole family: when he’s feeling sad about something, Father will sit in the back seat and meditate. When Uncle Sam has nightmares, he’ll crawl into the back seat to sleep there. Sometimes Dad just sits in the drivers seat with his hands on the wheel, staring out the window. He says he misses living on the road sometimes, because he was so used to being in the car most of their days.”
Bobby patted him on the shoulder, “better get to Mary next, she looks like she was itching for a hug.”
Dean nodded “good, he’s cute as a button in that vessel.”
As he stopped in front of her, Mary reached out to hold Samandriel’s hand tightly “thank you” she whispered, voice cracking and tears in her eyes “for coming here, and telling us about our boys. I have thought, every day, that about my actions which lead to my death and everything that happened after it, but I will never regret saving John or bringing those boys into the world. I am so happy they have a good life now, and that they have you, a little ray of sunshine, in their lives. I do hope you come and visit more, I’d love to get to know you better?” The way she asked, hesitant and reserved, made Samandriel think she believed he would say no.
We all flew back here and waited for you to wake up while Sam-I-Am caught us all up on what’s been going on.”
“Yes, he’ll be fine in a moment once his grace settles down. Now, I must get back to Heaven, but I’ll see you guys soon. I’ll keep in touch now that I’m back”.
Dean sighed "Sammy, just because it's been over ten years, doesn't mean we expected you to forget about her. She was it for you man, you're not the only one who thought that."
Chuck smiled “not all Angels can save a soul from Hell, when the soul was supposed to be there in the first place. You sold your soul knowing full well what that meant. Castiel, was the only Angel in existence that would have been able to save you. Your ‘profound bond’ was forged when the universe was created. It wasn’t made by me, or a cupid, it just…was” he shrugged.
“Andy!” he yelled, excitedly, as he threw himself towards the boy. Samandriel was more than used to Gabriel’s antics, so he held his arms out in preparation.
Everyone laughed, as they walked into the bunker. Just as Cas was closing the door, Dean shouted “Shit! I forgot I don’t like flying Angel Air!”
“No offense Dean, but Gabriel needs time to centre himself, and I thought I would sit with him while you and Cas catch up with little Alfie. We can see him later, but you guys deserve some time alone with him to re-establish your bond thingy” Sam said gently.
Dean smiled gently at the boy “don’t worry Alfie, your Uncle Sammy is just giving us some time together before he comes to sit with us. He’s sitting with your Uncle Gabe right now. Gabe only came back today, so he’s still adjusting to suddenly being alive again.”
Approaching the Winchester parents, Samandriel felt nervous. They seemed ok when everyone was talking together, but if he had learnt anything from his Uncle Sam, it’s that looks can be deceiving, especially when it came to strong emotions.
“Well” he smirked “for not smiting Dean when he demanded your presence. But, mainly I’m thanking you for putting my on the path that led me here. I don’t like to think of the time I spent before Samandriel was given to me too much, but what I remember most is how lonely and useless I felt. Now, I have a son who’s loved me for most of my existence, and a husband who’ll I’ll spend an eternity with.”
John smiled, tears in his eyes “well, I’m glad I did something right by them, giving Dean that car.”
Sam eased his worries almost instantly “Hi Alfie, it’s good to see you back” he said softly before pulling him in for a gentle hug.
God pulled him in for a hug “calm child, fear not, you will be reunited with your family soon. You don’t have to keep calling me father, when I know you feel like Castiel and Dean are your fathers. You may call me Chuck.”
Seeing Sam's face, the pure acceptance and love made Cas break down, everything from the last few years came crawling back up,  making him sob.
Dean whipped round, the smile on his face growing into a grin, his eyes also softened at the sight of his husband “hiya babe” he kissed Cas on the cheek. Cas leaned into the kiss for a moment before pulling back.
Sam kneeled down so he was face level with Cas "what's wrong?" He asked gently, combing him fingers through Cas's hair.
Samandriel smiled, glad he could fix the relationship between the brothers and Adam. It would take either their deaths or a favour from Chuck to see them together again, but Samandriel already had a plan in mind. Turning to say goodbye to everyone else, he left Bobby and the Winchesters for last. Making sure to hug each and every member of the bar, on behalf of Sam, Dean and Castiel, knowing that they would have done the same if they were here. Jo was trying to maintain a cool exterior, but Samandriel could tell she wanted to cry, so he hugged her extra tight. Bill was a bit more reserved, but Ellen made him shake the Angel’s hand.
Samandriel giggled “Can we have pie with dinner?”
Dean moved forward and gripped Cas tight in his arms, looking over at Sam for help.
“Right, I know Cas said you don’t really like to eat human food too much, but are you hungry after being brought back?”
Adam went next, he scooped Samandriel up into a tight hug “pass that on to Sam and Dean for me, please. And tell them I’ll see them when they get up here. Also, tell them their mom is wonderful.”
Bobby snorted “boy, how many times did I tell you those boys loved you? You just didn’t want to see it” he shrugged.
Nodding, Dean took a seat next to Castiel and waiting.
Sam nodded, then Dean spoke up.
Mary smiled too “I was so angry when you came home with that, and not the VW Beatle we spoke about, but it grew on me. Dean loved it when he was a toddler, he’d crawl all over it, and call it his ‘Pala. He’d pet the hood and tell Sammy about the adventures they could take when they were older.”
Sam had tears streaming down his face, his mind racing with all the information he’d received over the course of the night.
Cas elbowed Dean, but there was an amused smile on his face “be sure to teach them more that just pie and burgers son, we don’t need a nationwide shortage of red meat and pie to send Dean into an early grave.”
“That boy couldn’t get within five feet of Dean without them staring longingly into each others eyes.” Everyone had a laugh at that, John and Mary had long come to accept that their son might end up in a relationship with a supernatural beings.
"Jessica Moore is your soul mate, Sam. When you die, your soul will find hers in heaven, just because I never met her when she was alive doesn't mean I don't know her."
Cas was frozen in shock, unsure as to what he should do.
“Michael needed permission to get my vessel back after Cas burned it up, so I said ‘yes’ on the condition I was released to Heaven before he went back to the cemetery. I spent a few years in my own Heaven before Ash tracked me down. I didn’t know they cared so much about me, I’ve spent so long hating them when all they did was try to protect me. I know Dean fought to get into the room when Michael first took control of my body, but I never thought it was me he was trying to protect, just the world.”
Sam, or Uncle Sammy as Dean said to call him, took it upon himself to teach him about the last few years on Earth. Everything from politics, to monsters. It was interesting to see how far humans had come in such a short time. He enjoyed his time in the libraries with Sam. It was calm, and Sam let him drink beer, even though Castiel and Dean said no.
Jo laughed “honey, we’re in a bar, of course we have lemonade” she leaned over the bar and grabbed a can from underneath. Handing it over, he thanked her quietly before opening it and taking a sip, enjoying the sharp taste of lemons under the fizz.
returned. And, I swear to your absent dad, Cas, if I have to sit in the presence of your unresolved sexual tension for one more minute I may commit murder!"
Cas took him gently by the arm, and made him sit down “you know I’ve thought of you as my son since the first moment I held you. Dean has felt you as his son since our profound bond was acknowledged, and Sam is very accepting and loving. He will enjoy being your uncle. And you obviously remember Gabe from your younger years, he adored you, and still does. I’m sure he’ll be straight out once he realises you are here.”
“You’re right, Dean. I left in the hopes of teaching the Angels free will, but all it did was teach them to hate. Hate me, humans and the whole world, even each other. I can’t go back and change anything, but I can try and fix things now.”
“Yes, it wasn’t a pleasant experience in the end, but I got to spend time with Bobby again, and I got to meet Sam and Dean, so it wasn’t all bad.”
Gabriel was the first to react. He stepped forward slowly and grabbed Dean into a gentle hug, using his wings to embrace him “if the universe decided that we were important enough to be included in peace on Earth, then I wouldn’t change a thing. I got my littlest brother back, dad came home and I got to meet you and Sammy over there. The only two beings in existence who didn’t care that I was an Archangel, or Loki. The only thing you both expected of me was for me to be good. You showed me that it was ok to let people in.”
Gabriel froze, trying to choke back tears, as he whispered “thank you.”
Sam almost screamed in frustration "tell Cas, you absolute dumbass. Tell him how much you love him, and how it almost
Cas rolled his eyes skywards, as Sam laughed next to him "of course you were, you idiot! Do you think I stuck about after the apocalypse because I wanted to see how long Sam's hair could get?" He asked, rhetorically.
hungry, but I do have the urge to eat something salty.”
“How?” Sam spluttered.
Samandriel giggled “Uncle Sam calls in eye fucking. But, yes, Father is still in his original vessel if that’s what you mean.”
Charlie smiled sadly at that, she always regrets how her death would affect them but wouldn’t change her life a bit. She loved those boys with all her heart. Shaking herself out of her sombre, mood she asked teasingly “is Cas still dreamy?” pulling a snort from Bobby.
Before he left, Samandriel turned to address Karen “Mrs Singer, it was a pleasure to meet you, I know my family will be happy to know you reunited with Bobby in Heaven.”
Dean nodded, seemingly thinking over what Samandriel had said, before clicking his fingers “got it! I’ll just ask Chuck. He obviously likes me enough, if he lets me keep Angels away from Heaven for long lengths of time, and I did help abort the Apocalypse.”
Samandriel waved back “ah, I have heard of you. Uncle Sam told me a little bit about a time when they met you, but he said it was a sad story so he didn’t go into much detail.”
Dean spluttered, not really sure how to reply to that. Luckily, the sound of wings interrupted him “Dean” came Castiel’s deep voice “I didn’t know you felt that way when I left with Gabriel. I’m sorry, I should have spoken to you more on the subject.”
After the full host of Heaven released their wrath, Amara, The Darkness, was no more. Dean, who had witnessed the whole thing, suddenly collapsed gasping for breath. Not knowing what was wrong, he prayed to the whole of Heaven, begging for answers; before passing out.
John laughed too, rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment “I had two kids in the back of that car, I hated cleaning up sick and I couldn’t exactly force you to do it since you had food poisoning from a diner I took you to!”
“Cas, I’m sorry for everything that has happened to you over the last 7 years. If it weren’t for me, none of that bad crap would have happened to you…you should have left me in Hell” he whispered the last part, tears gathering in his eyes.
Samandriel smiled shyly at his parents “I never thought I’d have my own family, outside heaven”.
Dean scoffed “what do you take me for? Of course there will be popcorn! Now, I say we start with the original trilogy of Star Wars. No kid of mine will be allowed to live without knowing, at least, two Star Wars references.”
to an Archangel who would torture him. I failed all my children. Hell, Adam still doesn’t trust me, or believe me, and he probably never will. His mother refuses to visit us, but lets Mary visit her in her own Heaven. I think they bonded over my annoying traits.” Realising he was rambling, he shook his head “sorry for unloading on you. anyway, just- is there a way for you to take letters or something back with you?”
“He’s doing fine, Dad and Father remain close with Sam even with their own relationship continuing to grow. They call each other husbands, and Sam calls Father his brother-in-law. Now that Gabriel’s back, him and Sam have been growing close as well. Dad hasn’t noticed, or has chosen to ignore it, but Father thinks it’s good for both of them to have something to themselves.”
“Anyway guys, I just thought I’d let you know that Dean can come with you both when it’s time to come up for the meeting.”
“Wait” a lady from the back of the room stepped forward “you have a kid? I’ve heard a lot of stories about you two, but never anything about kids.”
Dean gaped at God, along with everyone else in the room.
Cas sighed "I don't think we were hunters, I think it was just an oversized, live-in library that we inherited from Henry."
Jody snorted “the usual, how our boy likes to pop in and out, scaring the bejeezus outta me. Oh, and that one time he appeared at the wrong time, and got stabbed by my carving knife” dean burst into laughter at the memory.
Castiel suddenly has a mission and it feels good to have a mission. It feels good to be chosen by God to do something. He doesn't bother to wonder why he was chosen or why the Word of God, which belongs to humanity, would need to be protected by an angel in the first place.
"Dean, you're the only one buff enough to play Rocky." Charlie said bluntly. "Jo and I are lacking the obvious equipment and no offense, but Cas, you're a little scrawny."
"Yeah. I'm fine. Just thinking about Sam, I guess. I haven't talked to him in awhile. I was just thinking about what I'll say when I call him tomorrow." Dean said. Of course, he hadn't been thinking about that, but now he was determined to set aside a chunk of time tomorrow to talk to his younger brother.
"I didn't want to be healed. I didn't want to be saved. I just want this over." He said.
"Mmm, mm, mm." Her eyes were following someone across the cafeteria.
They spend the next couple of hours chatting over beers, the conversation becoming more natural and less depressing as the pitchers are refilled. Dean discovers that Castiel was offered a full ride to attend Parsons, but turned it down to attend school in a small Oregon town because he hates big cities. Dean tells Castiel a little about his brother and his mom, but not everything. There is a mutual love of baseball, something that surprises Dean because Castiel is so bookish. Castiel votes Democrat and thinks pot should be legalized and Dean admits that he's a Libertarian. They argue over the validity of Ron Paul and over whether or not SNL is still funny, all these years later. Castiel is a good conversationalist and as he loosens up, Dean discovers that he has a sharp and funny sense of humor that he had only witnessed in sparks before. Around 11, they are both pleasantly buzzed and Dean realizes that he genuinely likes Castiel, almost as much as he likes Charlie and Jo.
"Will you stay? I just really need you right now. I still feel… like crap." He muttered, as if he couldn't find words for what he felt.
Dean reached over and took his hand. "And you're my angel." He said, not even caring how fucking cheesy it sounded.
Dean felt himself smiling. It occurred to him that he was smiling so hard that his face hurt. He hoped it'd be like this forever: his brother being too smart, his mom knitting across the room, Jo being obnoxious yet all-knowing, Castiel being offended by Ewoks, and everything else that came along with knowing all the ultimately wonderful people in his life. Most of all, he wanted stability and sanity. In that moment, that tiny moment, despite everything that had happened, it seemed possible.
"Okay. Sorry."
Sam and Dean talked about hunting again, but it never seemed like the right time for either of them, nor was it what either of them wanted anymore. Dean worked the phones on the weekends, but hunting seemed almost like a side job at this point, and it was a side job he didn't really want. Sam left for school six months after he got back from Hell and watching him drive away in the Honda that Dean had fixed up for him, Dean finally felt a sense of closure.
Unlike Castiel, Dean
"Yeah man, of course I do. I'm a casual alcoholic, you know." Dean replied.
Dean froze and realized what Sam wanted him to say.
Bobby just burst out laughing and clasped Castiel's shoulder. "I'm gonna like you!" He crowed.
Dean stopped laughing and stared at her. Jo had a point about the 'public' part of the equation. Although Dean had screwed a few guys in the privacy of his own home, he'd never been affectionate with one in public, nor had he ever taken one home to Mom. Jo would know better than anyone what that was like.
"Dean, that's enough." Cas called. "Get away from the trap."
"He is nothing like Lucifer. He has actually economized Hell, made it less of a torture chamber, more like an endless line at Wal-Mart. He does not let demons out unless they are retrieving something for him personally. He likes all the souls on his side and he keeps them on a tight leash in order to preserve his spot on top. I believe you know him as Crowley." Balthazar said.
"We weren't having sex yet." Cas calls. "As usual, I can hear you, Jo."
Cas gasped and suddenly his eyes were filled with white light. Somehow, maybe because he knew Cas so well, he realized that Gabriel was showing him the war, the angels who had fought on Castiel's behalf, and what things were like now in Castiel's old home. It only lasted a few seconds, but when Gabriel pulled his finger away, Cas's expression was much different.
"You teach?" Jo pressed on.
"It's a damn shame." Meg murmured. She was clutching her feather boa and stroking it as if it were the most touchable thing on earth. "It's a goddamn shame."
"Dean." He whispered.
Castiel grabbed his trench coat and stalked out, not looking back once. Dean watched him go. He knew that if he went after him, there was a good chance he'd kill him for what he said about Sam and for shoving Jo. He didn't help Jo though. He just sat there, numb, the world a blur in front of him.
"Fuck off, Cas." Dean sputtered. He took a huge drink of the water anyway.
Castiel came into the tiny kitchen and pulled the bowl of yogurt and granola from the fridge. He poured himself some coffee, and then just stood there for a minute looking emotional.
"You don't understand, Dean. You don't know what I used to be. I used to be the most powerful creature in the universe. I was pure divine energy, strong enough to send people through time, powerful enough to pull you out of Hell, and sheer force of my voice shattered glass. Now I can't even open a jar of pickles and I have to drive everywhere and I get winded walking up stairs." He said, bawling.
"I am. I don't know why I stayed away for so long. What about you? Be honest."
"I used real cherries. Not that stuff that comes from a can. You can't beat fresh fruit." Cas said.
"It's called a Safe Haven law. You can drop your children at any police station, fire station or hospital without consequence."
Castiel didn't say anything for a minute, just sniffling. Finally, he stood up.
He felt Cas blink rapidly and smile. "I never…" he started. Then he started over because he knew that it pissed Dean off when he said
"How is he?" Cas whispered.
Castiel grimaced, "I don't go out much." He said.
It was another Friday, and the two of them were sitting in Castiel's apartment, which Castiel had cleaned impeccably sometime while Dean wasn't around. The walls were still bare, but Castiel had purchased a new DVD player, new dishes and Dean never said a word to him about the paintings. He did notice that Castiel had set up an easel in the corner and was working on something new, but this time he was working with charcoal and pencils. Dean asked him about it a few times, but Castiel just said "he wasn't sure what it was going to become." Dean figured that was good enough for him. He just hoped Castiel wouldn't end up shredding that piece of work too.
"Dean!" She cried, an enormous smile lighting up her face. "Oh, honey, you look so good! How are you?"
"That is why you are here, Castiel. This is why we brought you back. Your mission is to recover the angel tablet and protect it all costs, including keeping it away from Dean Winchester."
Castiel's heart drops, which surprises him, because after killing so many copies, he thought he'd lost it. He tries to move forward, but he can't.
"She's freaked out. This is only the second time she's ever had to deal with this by herself. This time is worse too. Last time he was just talking to himself." Dean said, referring to the birthday episode from the year before.
"Shut up." Dean said, his face heating up. He took a swig of coffee from his travel mug to hide the blush. He had
"Wow, Cas." Dean said, feeling worse and worse by the second.
"That Dean got to him first." Meg breathed, her eyes becoming so huge it was almost comical.
"Bring it on, you assholes!" He yelled. Any second now, he was sure the torment would begin.
"Quit analyzing me, Freud."
"You do make me happy. Come on, you know that."
"Cas, did you know she was going to make me wear this? I thought I'd be Meatloaf or something, not the gay dude in the gold speedo!"
"Getting Sam out of Lucifer's cage is a very difficult task, you must understand. It takes… great strength, strength one angel alone does not possess. Many of my brothers and sisters do not want him out. After all, it was Sam who released Lucifer in the first place." Balthazar said.
you're invited to eat with us. But even more, if you would accept, I'd love it if you came home with me for Christmas."
"What? Cas, how?" Dean said. "Wait, did you know that Crowley was the new big wig down there? Why didn't you tell me?"
They lay there for awhile, riding the post-orgasm high and finally Castiel spoke.
"I'll be back." Castiel said.
"Oh my God, I am so sorry." Dean cried. "Are you okay?"
Dean shrugged. He'd never heard of Cocorosie. His tastes tended to lean more toward Ozzy, Zeppelin and Alice Cooper.
the bane of Dean's existence. He relaxed when Sam reached over and good naturedly punched Dean on the shoulder.
"Cas, what is it?" Dean said, shutting his laptop.
Castiel’s hands were folded awkwardly in front of him, an uncomfortable look on his face. He was staring at the corner of Dean’s placemat like it was suddenly very interesting for some reason. “I... should apologize for falling asleep on you last night. I didn’t mean to.”
Dean shrugged, peering at one of the chickens. “They’re alright.”
played on the TV, but neither Dean nor Cas were paying too much attention—most of Dean’s was on the side of Cas’s neck, a zone he’d discovered to be
But by eight thirty with no sign of Cas and three-quarters of his class chattering away across the hall, Dean’s unease had morphed into panic. This was
Dean swallowed, watching a tiny piece of ash glow bright before fading to gray. “Yeah.”
Jess waved her fork at him when he sat down, coffee and a plate of eggs and bacon in hand.
It was Charlie.
Dean shrugged, finishing the last bite of his sandwich. “Might see if I can get him to watch Friday the Thirteenth.”
Or take a hammer and whack at the bricks and mortar, letting the flood run loose.
“Merry Christmas, asshole.” she mumbled, raising her empty glass in a wobbly toast.
It was Cas.
He snagged the last pastry on his way out for Cas, wrapping it gently in a napkin and waving “bye” over his shoulder.
And from the feel of it, Cas was, too.
“‘Pologies.”
Dean took a shaky breath, a million things running through his head. Castiel’s warm hands on his own, the unfamiliar sensation snake scales under his palms moving slowly over his fingers,
,  too, if you'd like to screech at me!
Dean glowered at him. Sam stared back, unmoved.
Dean snorted. “She’ll do well in the Cold War unit, at least.”
“Well shit, Cas, I—” he started, half-laughing and half trying-not-to-choke-up, finally glancing up and feeling whatever words were on his lips dissolve.
“Or she’s scared to,” Castiel said quietly, almost hesitantly.
the voice in his head answered.
Castiel smiled. "She gave me a binder, with ‘everything I’d need to know’ in it."
The music faded into the next song, but Dean just backed Castiel against the counter, Cas’s hand roaming his back and sides now, tangling in his hair,until he slipped his tongue into Dean’s mouth.
“Bitch,” Dean muttered, typing back a reply.
Apparently, Dean’s
Everyone laughed, and Castiel felt himself grinning alongside them. “You also taught middle school?” he asked, trying the craft brew handed to him.
Dean racked his brains. “Claire?”
“I don’t think Kaia can imagine that Claire likes her in the first place,” Dean said. “Or she can, but they’re both too scared to make the first move.”
Charlie snorted. “Like that’s gonna happen.” She crossed her legs underneath herself and looked expectantly at him. “What’s up with the gloomfest, huh?”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean mumbled hoarsely, shifting upright. The blanket slid from his lap, pooling on the floor.
He waited anxiously, glancing at the dark screen, unsure if he wanted the next notification to be from Sam or Cas.
textbooks from the media center to Dean’s classroom and methodically rearranging them on the bookshelf when the topic of pets had come up.
Castiel could taste the rain on Dean’s lips.
“Winchester!”
He blinked down at the constrictor currently napping on his lap.
“Between first and second.”
“You’ll do fine, Cas,” Dean said reassuringly.
“Uhm,” he said hoarsely, “Can I—you know, come in?”
dense sometimes.”
Sam tossed the lid into the sink with a clatter and stuck the pasta in the microwave. He turned to look at Dean, arms crossed and a smug expression on his face.
their rhythm flowing as easy as ever. The only change was the addition of maple-sticky kisses and unashamed flirting, but other than that, everything was just about the same.
He looked incredibly cuddly right then. Dean blinked, pushing away the thought. “I didn’t, actually.”
They maneuvered their way to the sidewalk, weaving between stalls and tents and people going in every direction.
Mary laughed. “Breakfast is downstairs. Eggs and bacon works wonders.”
“Novak, I think?”
right? So get this—”
“—Anyways, I’m picking him up on the way, so you and Jess can take your car and I’ll take Baby—”
(It wasn’t a whole lot: she couldn’t hold alcohol all too well. Dean liked to tease her constantly about it. He generally went home with a sore shoulder and a bruise afterwards.)
“Nothin’—I just gotta head out. Bobby wanted me at the garage by four today.” He stood up, wincing at the twinge in his knees and brushing his pants off. “You good with everything so far?”
,” Charlie said in answer to Dean’s raised eyebrows, releasing Sam from a death-grip embrace. “I was just as surprised as you!”
Instead of handing over his bag, he strode the short distance between them and pulled Cas into a hug. “Cas,” he said, his voice muffled in the man’s sweatshirt, layering as much gratitude as he could into his words, “you’re awesome.”
His fellow teacher grew up as the youngest of five children, all with religiously-affiliated (mostly angelic) namesakes. He grew up in Illinois, went to college in Michigan, and ended up in Kansas because of his brother. He lived alone, except for his cats, chickens, and—
He could almost hear Charlie’s pout through the screen.
not staring at Castiel’s forearms. “So—try not to touch the dough so much, the butter’ll melt—you’re saying that failing once doesn’t mean turn tail and run?”
at him,” Dean pressed.
Castiel’s eyes were wide, cheeks brilliantly red. There was snow in his hair, his nose was bright pink, and chapped lips parted in shaky exhales. His arms were wrapped around Dean, one on his bicep and the other loosely splayed around his back, their bodies pressed together in all the wrong (right?) places. He made a noise in the back of his throat.
Dean marked his page and closed the book, picking up his phone.
Even though Albert was a bantam—a breed smaller than an average football—he carried the anger and spite of a rooster three times his size. He flapped from bush to bush, hiding in the branches underneath and screeching like a banshee when Cas tried to grab him.
“He doesn’t want me back,” Dean said tiredly.
Castiel seemed like he was doing fine, especially for someone jumping into high school classes right after teaching junior high. Dean brought his lunch over to eat with him on the first Monday back (he arrived to lunch ten minutes late, mind you, since he spent the first third of his lunch time explaining
“What did we talk about last night?” Dean mumbled, ignoring the egg yolk dripping off his fork and scrolling upwards to read…..
off the porch.
Sam hesitated. “It’s about you and Castiel.”
Charlie didn’t answer, gladly accepting the card box Dean passed her with a truly maniacal grin.“You’ll see.”
“Mm.” Castiel pulled his bag over his shoulder. “Are you ready to leave?”
—was an awful, horrible, terrible idea.
when he got to the Impala. Castiel returned the farewell by waving Petunia’s paw. Dean grinned, one hand on the egg carton as he reversed out of the gravel driveway.
Dean grinned. “Just wait ‘til I tell you about playing off each
“Oh—yes, I’m okay, thank you.” Castiel answered, unlocking his own car. He
“Cas, man, what the hell happened?” he asked, sitting down in the chair opposite the desk. “All three alarms break? One-night stand run into overtime?”
how to relax. Dude came in
Dean cleared his throat, somewhat awkwardly, and held his hand out. “I’m Dean. Winchester,” he said. “The room right across the hall. History?”
and turned to face the SmartBoard.
Dean frowned. “What time is it?”
“I’m fine,” Castiel mumbled, and he awkwardly patted Dean’s shoulder. “Nothing hurts too bad.”
He ended up telling Charlie the entire story of Albert’s attempt at freedom, and that turned into telling her about Marcy, and how Petunia batted things off tables and stands—which is why Cas kept his little trinkets on the mantle instead—and Cleo was a cuddlebug at night, and how Cas either snored in his sleep or mumbled bits of what he’d read earlier that day—
"So what happened then?" Dean asked.
"Don't worry, Sammy, I'll get you out. I'll do whatever it takes. I swear." He mumbled nonsensically, talking to no one.
Castiel came in and stood next to him, staring at him in that curious, resolute way that had creeped him out when they first met. He knew now that Cas was studying him, trying to figure out the best way to confront him without creating conflict.
"Oh, Castiel. You are so lost. Chosen for such a great purpose, yet blocked by something and disgusting and insignificant as a human. You don't even realize. I can see inside your head in places that you can't. Your love for him, it will be your downfall, your death. It clouds your judgment, and blocks your path. I know your true path and it is with the angel tablet." She says, her voice once again soft, almost a coo.
Fifteen minutes later, after Dean has recovered from laughing and Sam and Castiel have recovered from their collective humiliation, the three of them are seated around the oak dinner table that Castiel bought at Goodwill, drinking coffee, with Castiel explaining Sam's sudden appearance in Seattle.
"Yeah, Sammy. I think I can make it back this year." Dean said, nodding.
"He knows everything about us, doesn't he?" Sam asked. His voice was bitter. Dean hadn't realized that this had bothered Sam, then he remembered the night before, when Sam had been so embarrassed about Mary's forward attitude about his medication schedule in front of Castiel and Jo.
"No, you don't. If you really wished you were dead, you would have found a way to go by now. And trust me, I wouldn't have the power to bring you back this time. You are… dealing… I think is the phrase." Cas said.
"You will, Sam. I promise. It just takes time, you know?"
"Cas, can I ask you something? Tell me if this is out of bounds too. But do you like, uh, other dudes?" Dean asked hoarsely.
"Come back to me, Cas. I'm right here." He said.
"C-c-castiel? How the hell are you alive? I thought Lucifer exploded you into tiny little bits!" Crowley exclaimed.
"I said almost, Jo. We didn't go all the way."
"Dean." He breathed. "Please."
Dean smiled softly. "Yeah, it is Sam's birthday today, you know. He's turning 22."
"Lemme see."
Dean almost made a joke, but he didn't. He was suddenly exhausted, too tired to be good humored, too tired to worry about anyone anymore. Instead, he just leaned against Cas, who pulled him close, and whispered more "I love yous" and reassurances in his ear. Dean fell asleep on his chest.
Castiel moaned and kissed him back. Dean raked his fingers through his hair and held him close, trying not to ravage him more than he already had. He felt Castiel grinding against him, begging for it, and Dean had to pull away.
"Why do you hate Ewoks?" Dean asked.
"You made me breakfast?" Castiel said, his voice rising. Once again, he was in disbelief.
Dean slapped his hand against his forehead. "Dude. You're hungry. That is all. That is exactly how I feel if I don't get some red meat in my system for a day or two. Actually, that's how I feel right now."
That shut Dean right up. Helplessly he watched as Cas buried his face into his chest, burrowing against him like he was some kind of human pillow. He lay there for a minute and finally, he relaxed. It really wasn't so bad. Cas was solid. He was there. Dean felt anchored and not so lost to the nightmares and to his loss with him next to him. Dean lifted his right arm and wrapped it around Cas's narrow shoulders.
They stopped at Bob Evans on their way out of town and watching the man eat pancakes for the first time was probably one of the funniest things Dean had ever seen. He was like a small child. He couldn't figure out how to use the butter knife properly, which embarrassed Cas, but delighted Dean, because it was so goddamn funny. Dean was amazed that a warrior of God, who had so expertly wielded the angel blade during battle, couldn't properly cut pancakes. Cas refused to let Dean cut up his pancakes for him, instead choosing to eat the pancakes like they were toast, which resulted in him getting syrup all over his face, clothes, and fingers. He also spilled coffee all over his shirt because it was "too hot for his mouth" and had to finally change out of his usual uniform in the men's bathroom.
"I love you, Cas. Last night, not having you there next to me, knowing that you were angry beyond words with me… I couldn't stand it." He said.
"Well, yeah, I mean. LOOK AT HIM. I mean, I'm done now, since I can only appreciate that kind art for a few seconds, but you feel free to keep staring." Charlie said, leaning back in her chair.
"I can't lose you, Cas. Not ever." He whispered into his glass.
"Dean, you are an idiot. To answer your question in terms you can understand, I'll make it simple. Yes, I am attracted to you, the way you think, the way you move. I love how pure your soul is, despite all of the trials you've been through during your short life. I love the way you keep pushing, keep living, which is why I was so devastated by your need to die, your need to say yes to Michael. I've been around for eons, and I have never experienced a human soul as beautiful as yours." He said.
"Anna did it." Castiel said desperately.
"Dean, I'm not putting up with anything. I am not here to indulge you. I'm here I want to be here. I love you and I want to be in your life completely. Your life here isn't easy, in fact, it's more difficult than I imagined, but I'm dealing with it and so are you. That's what matters."
"You don't need to explain it." Dean said, rubbing careful circles in Castiel's tense back.
"Raphael did not take it. It was demons, and that's all I'll say. They were destroyed for what they planned to do with you and with him. Bobby was given a Hunter's funeral by one of my brothers." Balthazar said. "And I am not bringing him back. He died a warrior's death and an eternally happy life in Heaven with his loved ones is his reward."
"You know, I don't go near that part of Hell because it still is Lucifer's after all, but I take a peek in every now and then. Last week, I caught a part of the show. Sam's head on a pike, pieces on the floor! Adam in chains, his heart missing. It was quite a sight! It looks like Lucy and Michael have put their differences aside now that they have Winchesters to torture." He crowed, his eyes sparkling, his grin widening.
"Rocky." Jo emphasized.
Charlie stared at Jo and mouthed
Everyone burst out laughing, including Castiel. Bobby smacked Ash on the side of the head.
"Castiel! Good to see you again, brother!" Balthazar said merrily, walking forward and pulling Cas into a mighty bear hug.
Castiel was perched next to him, looking straight down at his face. He looked slightly confused, but not embarrassed like Dean was. Dean took a closer look at his face. Cas did look exhausted. The rings around his eyes were now a deep purple, as if he had been punched repeatedly. He really did need sleep.
She closed her eyes and shook her head. "Not in a few weeks. Have you?"
"Please tell me you haven't suddenly switched sides." Castiel said sharply.
The two of them sat down at a table in the coffee shop, Dean already slurping on his cup of piping hot black coffee, Castiel looking down at his, once again looking uncomfortable.
"From the boy with the demon blood to Lucifer's vessel to becoming a lawyer for the little guy." He murmured to Cas, waving to Sam as he drove off. "That kid has been through more than anyone I know, but look at him. He's off to school with a smile on his face."
"It was amazing. Jo, I think I like him, like a lot. "
"You're a horror fan?" Dean observes, taking note of the vintage looking Psycho poster above the couch.
Cas really needs a haircut. He thought fondly.
Seriously, try to keep it down tonight, for my sake, my stomach's sake, and my fragile sanity's sake." Sam said.
"These things
"Yes! Yes! And you… you fucking made him explode. Oh God, Sammy, it was awful. There were like, guts, everywhere. It was fucking disgusting. It's not funny at all, but seriously, some of his last words were 'assbutt', can you fucking believe that?" He said, wiping his eyes.
Cas looked slightly offended but went out into the hallway. Dean closed the door.
Finally, their dinners arrived and Dean was able to breathe for awhile.
Dean nearly punched Cas for laughing at this. Cas stopped and caught his gaze. He reached across the table and brushed his fingers across Dean's face.
There's nothing.
Schizophrenia was a war that would never be over, but Sam had at least won a few battles.
"The next step is a new home, a new career. If I can't find a job I like right away, I'm sure I could find a position at whatever school you attend. Obviously, you're a large factor in my decision. I don't think I could stand being away from you, not by a long shot, but it's time to move on with my life in all areas." He sighed and leaned against Dean.
The group sat around the table for an hour or so, drinking wine and eating the appetizers. Castiel eventually drunk enough wine to take off his trench coat and reveal the full glory of his Frank-N-Furter costume. Meg hovered around him like a fly and Dean actually started getting slightly jealous, even though he was pretty sure Meg wasn't Castiel's type in any sense of the word. Dean kept an eye on his alcohol intake, hoping that the night wouldn't end badly like it had the last time they'd all gone out drinking. Balthazar told stories about being British, which everyone found hilarious, even though he'd only lived in Britain until he was 14 and he was now 29. Jo and Anna were close, getting closer with each drink. Seeing Jo with his sister which effectively ended Gabe's leering and flirting, which he promptly turned to Meg. By the time people started arriving, Dean was feeling pretty loose and he didn't even mind when Jo and Anna started making out in full view of everyone.
"I know, Sammy. I'm just happy you're you again. I just worry about you. That's all. I love you and I'm damn happy you're my brother." Dean said.
He sauntered into the hotel room from the bathroom, clad in pajamas that he never wore, and saw Cas propped up on some pillows on his bed, reading one of Bobby's books for the millionth time. By his side was a notebook scrawled with Enochian symbols. Dean recognized it as a summoning spell for Angels. If Castiel was planning on it, it'd be the fourth time he'd try to summon angels. It hadn't worked the first three times. Dean was about to say something, but didn't want to kill the moment they'd had during his performance in the bathroom.
"Dean, I am fine. I told you that at least 100 times last time. I can hold my own, especially against a drunken fairy Castiel's size. Don't be such a drama queen. You're not still in bed because you're concerned about my physical well-being." She said.
Castiel's eyes widen again and he opens his mouth to say something. He wants to find out why she rescued him, wants to find out who she is. But he doesn't, because
"How about now we go try to finish the work we were doing before you so rudely interrupted it?" He whispered, running a finger over Castiel's bottom lip.
"Hey. It's me. I canceled my 3pm class. I'm coming over." Castiel said on the other end.
"Are you still close with your foster parents?"
Dean glanced up at Sam, who currently looked like the frightened little boy he'd been the first time he'd seen their mother like this. His jaw was working in the same way as Mary's was. He sat down on the other side of her and wrapped an arm around his shoulder. Since they were very young, it had often been like this, the two of them comforting their mother.
"Cas, I have more good memories of that place than bad ones. Good memories of both Sam and Bobby. Without Bobby, there is no one in the house, no one to work the phones. That house is the only real 'home' I ever had in my entire life. I feel like I should be there until I figure out my next move. It's the only thing that makes sense to me." Dean said.
"I don't know." He muttered.
"It doesn't matter." Dean mumbled.
When he returned to Heaven, once again convinced that it was the first time he'd been back in years, he didn't see Naomi, pacing the white room, muttering to herself about how unbelievable it was that Samandriel had broken. He doesn't see Naomi snatching the broken down body of Alfie and looking at it like it is roadkill. He doesn't hear anything she was saying about the angel tablet, about how it would give Crowley the power to close Heaven. He doesn't hear her telling him that the angels had to keep it out of Crowley's hands, at all costs. He certainly doesn't hear her say that they must keep it out of the Winchesters' hands as well. Right now, Castiel doesn't even realize there is an angel tablet.
"Your family is not perfect." Castiel said firmly. "But it's clear that the three of you love each other much. The way you comforted your mother, well, it was quite a sight for me. I still expect mothers to be the ones doing the coddling, not the other way around."
"If you're wondering if I'm attracted to you, then you are a moron." Cas said, almost off-handedly.
"Christ, your timing is still terrible. That's never going to change is it? " Dean said. He looks down at his boyfriend, who currently is managing to look pissed off, aroused and amused, all at once.
Dean hadn't known that either. He decided not to say anything else about it. Just like Cas hadn't known Sam before he was sick, Dean hadn't known Castiel when he was at his worst. He was secretly relieved that Castiel was getting some kind of help. It was clear that he was doing well for the most part, and Dean had no idea what Castiel's version of "rock bottom" was. He'd only seen a glimpse of it during the last few months.
"Oh come on, man. You're like this super genius who I literally ran over on the quad. Now you're saving my grade, yet you refuse money for tutoring. You like screamo and you draw the most bizarre shit I've ever seen. Not to mention, you have a lesbian who is head over heels in love with you. You're mysterious." Dean said, chuckling a little bit about Charlie.
"These are your cheerleading underwear
"In that blazer, you're like a piece of candy. Formal wear makes you look positively edible." Dean murmured. "Gotta keep it clean though, for the lesbians."
"A little over a year, no relapses. No change in medication either. They finally found the right mixture of drugs." Sam says triumphantly.
"I can't." He whispers. "Naomi, I could never…"
"You're welcome. Now eat you breakfast. You're already too damn skinny."
They walked down the main strip of town, still laughing like banshees. The three of them were drunk from the margaritas and tequila shots. Dean glanced over at Castiel, who hadn't stopped smiling the whole night and even though his eyes were unfocused and watery, Dean didn't worry, because he was there to anchor him. Dean knew that nothing could go wrong on a night like this.
Although he was roughly three years from 30, Dean was growing the fuck up and strangely, it was for a second time. He'd run away to college, 2000 miles away, a little bit older than most in age and spirit, having grown up way too fast, spending what he thought were his best years caring for a sick brother. During his time at college, he'd digressed, which was supposedly the opposite of what was supposed to happen. He ran so far, so fast, that he'd become a little bit less of a man, more of a child. .
Everyone he loved was dead.
"So he is bad with women?"
"Gabe, I've told you this for years, it's not happening. You're not my type." Jo said, glancing at him with a smirk on her face.
"Dean, I'm an adult." Sam said. "I can take care of myself. I'm seeing the psychiatrist twice a week now, getting blood tests out the ass, taking my medication like it's my goddamn job. You and mom shouldn't have to jump over hoops to take care of me.'
"You have news?" Dean asked anxiously.
"Unfortunately. He's also a huge fan of John Hughes movies. I swear, sometimes I think he has a vagina."
"Dean is very excited about it." Castiel said, his voice still a little shaky.
As they scaled the stairs, hands everywhere, desperate to get out of their outlandish costumes, Dean heard Tim Curry crooning,
"Yes. Very well. I don't know why I waited so long. I'm such an asshole."
Castiel screams. He screams like animal, his voice guttural, filled with more pain than he ever thought possible. If he was on earth, any nearby humans would die. He tries to run toward her, kill her, but he's still frozen.
Castiel just smiled, a huge smile, a smile that looked innocent, but wasn't, because he was currently rubbing his hand up and down Dean's thigh under the table.
"I'm hoping that I can move out soon." Sam said.
crying." He said, wiping his eyes. He smiled feebly.
"Are you decent? It's Sam."
Dean laughed. "You're defending Freddy versus Jason, yet you insult Jason X? Cas, baby, they're on the exact same level! Made for the same reasons."
"Dean, this is the only way. Unless Balthazar can figure something out, I can't think of any other way for this to go down." Cas said.
"I miss you guys too. How's Sam doing?"
Dean felt his heart go cold. How could Cas think that? He was the one who had nearly killed Cas for trying to make that very same deal. How could Cas think that Dean would ever consider that? He felt like dying again. He couldn't handle that Cas thought that about him.
"Sammy?"
"What do you mean?" Cas said brokenly.
Charlie scowled at him, but didn't lose her trademark smile, instead choosing to give him the finger.
"How about you quit drinking, complaining and try to help me FIX THIS?" He hissed, staring ice-blue daggers into Dean's eyes.
"So, it's almost Thanksgiving break." Jo said. "I cannot tell you how excited I am. I am so ready to be done with this semester. I have no idea why I am required to take a copy editing class as an advertising major."
Dean grabbed Castiel's hand and ran back to the couch. He grabbed his clothes and shimmied back into them.
"That's great, Sammy. What would you be doing?" He said as cheerfully as he could.
"Cas-" Dean started. "Cas, I'm sorry, I just…"
"Until this year, I was so closed off, so fucking pathetic. I mean, you didn't know me before. I was a goddamn hermit. I had no friends. Sat here alone all of the time. Dwelled on everything, and wished so desperately I could be normal."
"The doctor tapered down the Haldol. You know how the side effects are, Dean. He'd been doing so well. He was quiet the last couple of days, but I thought it was okay. I watched him take it every day, I counted the pills, I even checked his mouth at first, Dean. I swear, I don't think he quit taking them this time. I think they just overestimated how much they could decrease the dose." She said, sniffling.
“It was the first time we kissed,” Castiel murmurs reminiscently, leaning into Dean just a little more.
Dean almost moaned around his toast, from both the prospect of pie baking and the bread quality.
Dean sighed, tugging his laptop out of his backpack.
Dean had blinked. “Really?”
“Charlie Bradbury. Works in IT and heads the Tech department,” Dean answered. “She’s brilliant with computer stuff. She’ll be somewhere in the library if you need her.”
on the table.
The guest room was small, but incredibly cozy. Castiel had turned on the room heater for him—Jesus, he really was an angel—as well as leaving a hot water bottle and extra blankets at the end of the bed.
He wasn’t sure when he fell asleep, only swimming back into wakefulness and feeling a strange sense of emptiness and cold. He was also fully horizontal, stretched out on the couch, a pillow tucked under his head and a soft blanket draped across his legs. The vague, disoriented memory of last night floated up from his tired brain, resurfacing and pulling everything else with it.
“But the metaphorical princess shouldn’t have the personality of an inanimate object,” Castiel countered, sticking the plate in the drying rack. “They might as well have had Michael rescue David instead.”
Castiel shrugged, putting a piece of egg on his toast. He’d changed his clothes into jeans and a button up and definitely attempted to tame his hair. “I am, just not as severely as you are. I showered this morning, too—that helps.”
Dean swallowed a bite of eggs, the familiar bubble of apprehension rising in his chest again. “Uh, no, why?”
“Well,” Dean said, straightening to stop his back from getting stiff, “From what I’ve heard, she’s a bright kid. Just…” he trailed off, unsure how to finish the sentence.
Cas smiled gently. “I asked what you’d like for dinner tonight. I was thinking about doing a sheet-pan roast with some veggies and bratwurst, but if you have a preference for something else…”
“You’ve told me a few times, yes,” Castiel said from beside him, a smile lifting the corners of his mouth.
Dean blinked his tired eyes open. “Hm? Oh—yeah, me—me too.” He cleared his throat, settling more comfortably upright. “I mean—no one likes Civics and only masochists like AP US History, so—”
“Parents or the kids?”
“I need you to watch her.”
“No, no music’s fine,” Dean said hastily, taking a few steps into the room, “Beatles, right? Abbey Road?”
The rain was a torrential downpour. Their clothes were soaked through, they were freezing and numb, but Castiel just held Dean closer, warmth flooding through his bones as Dean kissed him.
Dean told himself, frowning at his keys while opening his own room.
“Alright, then,” he mumbled to himself, stepping cautiously into his room and taking it all in. “Not too damn shabby.”
Or didn’t want.
Castiel looked up, a small smile tugging at his mouth. He shifted in his seat, turning to face Dean more fully. “Vampires are from Balkan mythology, and the term actually used to refer to
Cas smiled, just a little. Most of it was in his eyes.
Castiel blinked, an unsure expression on his face. “Are you sure?”
The tip of Cas’s nose was still bright pink.
Castiel had moved the tables from stacked against the back wall (that explains the thudding noise from earlier, Dean thought) into a semi-circle facing the SmartBoard.
Dean shrugged. “I don’t mind lendin’ a hand. Besides, I don’t have anything else better to do anyways. My room’s all done.”
” Dean grumbled to himself, dumping cricket spider corpses into the trash bin beside him, “All God’s mistakes.”
Castiel looked up, slightly startled. “Uhm—”
“I can take your jackets,” Castiel said, locking the front door and holding a hand out.
Castiel gave a half-hearted shrug. “I have no idea. I doubt she would, even if she
Dean rolled his eyes. “Because it’s friggin’
Dean grinned and pushed his chair in, slinging his bag over his own shoulder and feeling a faint flush warming his cheeks. “Well, if you insist,” he said, pulling his phone out and handing it over with an exaggerated flourish.
The workload accumulated for both staff and students, and one windy Saturday afternoon saw Dean at Castiel’s cottage, making a vain attempt at reading the last four short-answer answers from the latest test.
“These men should all be dead,” Cas said, watching Jon Snow’s men get crushed by the Bolton army. “The amount of compression and levels of suffocation—they should most definitely have lost the battle by now.”
The weekend before school went back into session, Dean roped Sam into helping him organize his school stuff. Usually he’d be at Cas’s, but he and Cas hadn’t really been... talking as often. And Castiel was spending time with Claire today, too, so it wasn’t like he’d be free anyways.
“‘Course he did,” Dean grumbled, picking up his phone and making his way back to the living room.
“Cas,” Dean interrupted, heart beating much too fast in his chest, “if I ain’t reading this right—you gotta tell me, I can’t—”
“Awesome,” Dean made as if to stand up. “I can text you the details.”
of nerves in his stomach. “The next time someone asks me that, I’m committing a felony.” He raised his head, resting his chin on his arms. “He’s not gonna make it. Got stuck in Illinois through New Year’s.”
He wished Cas were here. He
Sam raised an eyebrow. “What do you want me to say? Congratulations? You’re probably the last person on the planet to figure it out, dude.”
Mary’s New Year’s Eve get-togethers were far from the laid-back Christmas ones—they were
“Hm?”
“Well, if they like you as much as I do, you’ll do pretty damn good.”
He gasped softly when Dean pressed their lips together before sighing into it, his hand leaving Dean’s to cup his cheek.
“Charlie,” Dean repeated uselessly, knowing it wouldn’t stop her spiel.
Everyone who wanted to play—that being everyone under the age of thirty—scooched their chairs around the coffee table as Charlie dealt the cards. Even Sam, with all his grumbling complaints about the game, accepted his seven cards without a second thought. Gilda paired herself with Charlie, looking over her girlfriend’s shoulder as she read out the first card, setting it in the middle. Garth and Bess shared their own hands from their seat on the floor, deciding on which card to choose. Jess shoved Sam’s face away from her own cards when he tried to sneak a look, earning an indignant “But—!” from her husband and a snort of laughter from Jo.
in need of my help.”
Cleo didn’t respond.
Castiel sighed. “I hope so.”
“I think I’m alright for now.” Castiel frowned. “I may need help with the computer and SmartBoard, though.”
“M-hm,” Dean mumbled vaguely, typing out a message to Cas.
Castiel made
Dean had to take a step forward to peel his jacket off so he wouldn’t accidentally hit the wall with his arms, putting him a little more in Castiel’s space than he probably should have been.
He checked his watch; it was barely twelve. He tapped Cas on the thigh. “You can head to bed if you’re tired, dude.”
not as comfortable as Castiel’s.
Dean almost stood up before remembering he had a cat on his lap. “Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, man.”
“You’re one to talk,” Castiel replied, sipping his coffee.
become forever?"
There were faint rumbles of thunder in the distance; Castiel could feel the anticipation building as they rolled ever closer. He had to steady his breathing, senses overwhelmed but still craving more.
Marcy’s tank took a good, solid two hours to fully clean and redecorate, and in that time, Dean became well-acquainted with the constrictor. She really
“You think I’m pretty? How romantic.”
Dean wanted to hug him. Wanted to wrap him up in his arms, bury his face in his neck and hold him
That day passed more slowly, spent tacking posters on the walls and switching out the plastic faux-wood tables for real desks, dusting and wiping every surface to shiny spotless (or as good as it would get) and planning out seating charts based on Dean’s suggestions. Some of the other faculty stopped by to introduce themselves to Castiel, welcoming him into the school’s family with handshakes and kind smiles.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “How’s set-up going?”
“Come on, I know you want to go to the next one!” Charlie wheedled, drizzling more tzatziki over her gyro. “That bartender was cute and
Dean cracked a grin, taking a sip of coffee. “So, uh,” he cleared his throat, “any plans for today?”
“You’ll work till your eyeballs fall out?”
The bed felt too big, like there was something missing.
They fall asleep there, together, watching the rain fall and listening to thunder fade slowly into the distance. Castiel’s content; Dean’s body is warm and familiar beneath his hand, his stomach slowing rising and falling as Castiel melts into him.
Castiel’s stern face looked like it was taking too much effort, though; his throat bobbed when he swallowed and his eyes flicked down more than once.
“You got plans for Halloween this year?”
“Ow,” Dean muttered, rubbing the spot. Jo’s laugh echoed from the hallway.
“Dunno. Guess we’ll find out.”
“So he’s back?”
Castiel hummed his agreement, sweeping the chocolate into a saucepan in one smooth swipe of the knife.
Fuckin’ Mother Nature, with her most inconveniently-conveniently-timed snowstorms.
He was, simply put, beautiful.
for the ancient landline phone Dean still had tacked up in the kitchen (
The rain blurred the world. It softened harsh edges, it made everything seem brighter. The green of the surrounding trees was deepened, the browns darkened, the contrast more stark than ever.
Dean huffed around his apple turnover, attempting to brush away the flakes of pastry clinging to his coat. “Weekends, mainly—Jesus, this feels like an interrogation for a murder mystery or somethin’—you trying to get me to confess?”
Cas looked up at the sound of his name, at Dean jogging up the steps. He smiled, bookmarking his page.
The faint sounds of someone—Castiel—clinking around in the kitchen drifted into the living room, with the smell of fresh coffee and bacon following it.
“Oh thank God,” Dean said into the phone. “Wait, family emergency?”
Castiel dropped his cards on the coffee table, fumbling for his phone.
Dean crashed at Bobby’s that night, a little too inebriated to drive home and too content to care, even though the family room sofa was practically a health hazard. He shot Castiel a
“Do you remember?” Castiel says after a while, gazing at the rain.
“Absolutely,” Dean said, looking down as something warm and fluffy brushed his pants. “Heya, Cleo,” he mumbled, scooping the cat into his arms.
welling up in his chest, his throat, choking him up and making him almost dizzy.
with one hand on Dean’s thigh and one moved from his shoulders to his cheek, his lips to Dean’s own.
Their shirts came off in a flurry, as did their boxers, flung to some far corner of the room.
A few hours before the party found Dean stretched out on his mother’s couch, flipping through one of the books Castiel had given him for Christmas. He’d taken Dean’s passing mention of his liking of sci-fi to heart, gifting him a good few by his favorite authors—Robert Heinlein and Neal Stephenson—and the first in a series by Orson Scott Card, which Dean was working his way through.
It was kind of endearing.
He pulled into the short gravel driveway of Cas’s cottage at twelve o’clock on Saturday, watching carefully for any stray chickens on the front lawn and ignoring the increasing thrum of nerves in his chest.
Castiel sighed. “She’s in my Earth Science class. Her father is making her take it.”
Afterwards, pleasantly buzzed on the sofa where sobriety couldn’t stop the
Dean thought for some stupid reason, the picture of Castiel with a towel wrapped around his hips flashing across his mind. He cleared his throat and shoveled more bacon into his mouth. “How’d you sleep?” he mumbled.
Castiel hesitated. “Well, mostly.”
Dean blinked. “Oh.”
“I’m good, Cas, I’m just tired,” Dean said, giving him a sleepy, grateful smile. He slung an arm around Cas’s shoulders and pulled him into a loose embrace, hooking his chin over Castiel’s shoulder and feeling him relax into his arms. Dean tilted his head just slightly into Cas’s neck, breathing in the faint smell of woodsmoke on his clothes.
“Yes. However, it could also be more realistic, too.”
“You okay?” he rasped instead.
That’s where Dean finds him today, curled up on the porch swing under a blanket, watching the rain.
Jokes, riddles, weird facts and the like had already become something of a staple between the two of them within the few days they’d known each other. Dean had asked what the small box of notecards on Castiel’s desk was, and thus started the tradition.
Charlie’s eyes flared up. “Why? What’d he do? I swear to God—”
and jeans, paired with sturdy work boots instead of dress shoes.
Castiel looked up again. “The projects,” he said slowly, like he was confused Dean had asked.
Cas jerked his head up, blinking his eyes open. Dean was standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame, hands lax in his pockets and an understanding smile on his face. He’d dressed “business casual” for the evening in tan slacks and a pale green button-up that brought out his eyes; quite the opposite from the t-shirt and jeans Castiel was used to seeing him in. There was a pen sticking out from his breast pocket and his black backpack hung from one shoulder.
Dean raised both eyebrows, leaning against the counter with his arms crossed. “Ellen know you brought an extra one?”
obvious we’re—you know—” he gestured vaguely between them, and Cas laughed even more.
Dean choked on his bacon. “She did
Dean swallowed, feeling a lump in his throat. “Thanks, Cas,” he croaked, because who knew such a small kindness could do such wonders?
“Snitch,” Dean mumbled, glaring at the ceiling from between his fingers. He knew Sam was right; he’d gone over the thought of his lips touching Cas’s a million times in his head, all in differing states of regret, shame, giddiness, pleasure…
“No, I’m a science teacher,” Cas replied, deadpan.
“Uh—yes, she’ll be fine. I got all the shed off,” Castiel answered, straightening up in his chair and clearing his throat.
Neither of them moved. It was freezing, Castiel’s ears were red with cold and he was shivering; Dean’s thighs were soaked from slushy snow and they really should get up and finish whatever they were previously doing—
This was the part about the return from summer break that Dean never looked forward to, along with Back To School Night and the boring, repetitive teacher conferences less interesting than watching grass grow. More often than not, he spent most of them discreetly sending Charlie memes from under the tabletop and watching her fight to keep a straight face from across the room.
Castiel lived on the more rural side of town, a longer—though admittedly more scenic—drive away from Lebanon’s town center than where Dean lived. His place was more of a cottage than a house: it was one floor (although it had an unfinished basement Dean never wanted to go into again; one time was enough), had been built during the 1920’s, and looked like it’d sprung straight from a storybook.The backyard backed up to a small forest, most of the space taken up by a large chicken coop with hens clucking around inside (or, if you were one such chicken named Albert, impersonating Houdini and zooming around the yard).
“You’re here? And you didn’t even text me?” she complained, punching him in the shoulder before tackling him in a hug. “I haven’t seen you in
“There’s coffee in the pot,” Dean offered, and Cas patted his stomach and pressed a kiss to his cheek before releasing him and pouring himself a cup. He leaned against the counter, watching over the rim of the mug—today, patterned with bees wearing tiny cowboy hats—as Dean flipped pancakes.
Sam snorted. “Really?”
“You two would be great, though! Just one date?”
“Sort of,” Castiel had answered, sliding the card back in the box. “Although the animal in question would have been convicted by people, rather than those of its own species.”
he thought, staring at a tiny cobweb attached to one of the fan’s blades.
were allowed, which Dean had taken advantage of many a time the past few years. The walls were even painted a lovely sky blue, whereas Dean’s classroom had one wall painted an odd shade of orange and the rest a light yellow.
Dean cracked a beer open and made his way into the living room, mentally pushing away all the intrusive thoughts about Cas.
zone. He could feel his own emotions, his own wants and fears and insecurities slowly trickling into this patient back-and-forth. Maybe it was the confinement of being so close to Castiel, orbiting ever closer towards him for the past three days, which had finally poked a leak in the dam he’d built for himself.
Castiel raised an eyebrow, a smile quirking his lips. “Maybe.”
Dean rubbed his face, blinking his eyes open and yawning. The living room was brightly lit with sunlight, crisp sunrays illuminating the room. The cards on the coffee table were stacked neatly in in the center, the empty bottles cleared away and the table itself wiped down.
“I’ll head out around four,” he said, words muffled by the pillow and Castiel’s shirt.
Jo was stuffing her face with pancakes next to Jess, looking about as hung over as Dean felt, a large mug of straight black coffee set in front of her. She grunted a hello when Dean stumbled into the kitchen, barely sparing him a glance.
Castiel, seated on the floor in his paper swamp with just his head peeking over the other end of the table, barely looked up when Dean closed the door behind him. “I don’t understand that reference. Come help me.”
They broke apart slowly, breathless, foreheads leaning together.
Dean cracked a grin, fiddling with the jacket zipper. “Been doing a little research over the holidays.”
He texted Cas when he got home safe, receiving a kissy face emoji and a picture of Petunia, looking miffed at Dean’s absence.
Castiel tossed a chunk of snow at him. Dean dodged it, snickering.
Dean swallowed. “Is that—”
he’d kept his little crush on the down low, at least.
this one’s power button didn’t get stuck halfway and send Dean into a panicked
“I can go to bed.” Castiel mumbled, his head lolling onto Dean’s shoulder.
he chided himself, shooting his lower half a look and letting out a long, resigned sigh.
Dean groaned, taking a bite of gyro to prevent himself from having to answer.
Castiel nodded gloomily, slowly sitting up and curling his arms around his knees. The bags under his eyes were pronounced and shadowy in the low-lit room, turning his eyes into sad, somber oceans of exhaustion. “I’ve missed calls before—not just from specifically her, just in general.”
Dean had very nearly grabbed Cas by the front of his shirt and kissed him.
“Sounds ‘bout right.” Dean swallowed. “Lemme guess: Collegeboard, course material, and….something in the syllabus that wasn’t clearly written.”
“Bird,” Castiel finished. “Don’t move, hang on.”
of the day, Dean was ready to leave and never come back. He packed his bag and waited impatiently for the clock to hit 4:15pm, tapping his foot against the floor and nearly
Dean nodded. “Yeah—uh, well—” he raised a hand in farewell, “See you Monday, Cas.”
“So you like dark hair and blue eyes?”
Castiel frowned up at him, holding two different assignments. “The show with Steve Carrell?”
Dean pulled his gloves off. “Those are called morphs, right?”
“Murder?”
Cas’s warm hands ran down his back, broad, soothing strokes kneading out the kinks and knots along his spine. “As are you, Dean,” he murmured. “In so many wondrous ways.”
“... Pretty much, yeah.”
Dean smiled to himself. He was okay.
Dean didn’t end up leaving until more than an hour later.
Well, shit.
Dean Novak-Winchester leaned against his desk, surveying his classroom, smiling to himself and rubbing the metal band around his ring finger.
“Yeah!” Charlie looked up from her phone, swinging her legs back and forth, heels thumping the desk. “Good kid.”
Castiel hummed in approval, nodding slightly to the beat. Dean watched his lips murmur along to the words, smiling, before yanking whatever dish was in Cas’s hands out of his hands and spinning him ‘round. Castiel yelped, gripping Dean’s shoulders, before starting to laugh as Dean twirled him to the song.
and leaning against the cushions with his rice.
“She ain’t a fan of science?”
Dean grinned. “Indiana Jones it is.”
And now, four days before Christmas, Dean was wallowing in the memory of what-could-have-happened and texting Jo about something or another, sprawled on the couch and half-heartedly watching one of the shitter
“Yup.” They fell into step again, walking to their own cars across the parking lot. “See you in... twenty minutes?” Dean said, when he reached the Impala. “Everyone’s been dying to meet you, you know, officially.”
Dean’s spoon paused on its way to his mouth. “Oh.”
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, okay.”
plans for Halloween night right now?” Dean asked, leaning back against the couch pillow and grinning at Castiel’s look of
Castiel, unfortunately, was still standing at the bottom of the stairs. Dean saw his eyes go wide and his mouth open before Dean’s body, arms pinwheeling in the air, flattened him into the snow with a heavy
Yeah, yeah, missed you too, Red,” Dean squeezed her back. “And when did
“She likes you,” Castiel said, his voice a little bit hoarse.
“Mff!” Dean repeated more enthusiastically, trying the rice and curry and doing his best to not spill any on the couch.
“Me too,” Dean chuckled, grinning. Right before Dean drifted off the previous night, Cas—who knocked out in less than a minute—mumbled a mixture between
Castiel sighed and picked up his spoon.
Castiel sipped his coffee. “I won’t be able to keep an eye on her, due to her usual temporary-housing tub being unavailable at the moment.”
yet.”
“If you’re wondering why I never asked to talk about it the next morning,” Castiel said from beside him, words muffled by the sound of Dean’s heartbeat in his ears. “It’s because I didn’t know how to ask whether it was real or not. I didn’t want to let myself down if it wasn’t.”
Castiel groaned, tossing his playing cards down and flopping back on the cushions. “How are you this good at card games?”
Castiel smiled back, sliding in the last of the files. The conversation dissipated, leaving only the soft chords of
He sighed. “I’m gone for him, Cleo,” he said quietly, just in case Cas wasn’t asleep yet.
Castiel smiled softly. “I take it you’re quite proud of him.”
drunk-texted him about wanting to make out!” Sam burst out. “And don’t pull the ‘kiss someone at midnight’ bullshit again,” he warned, when Dean opened his mouth to rebuke him. “I know what happened; I know about the texts. That wasn’t stupid drunk guy stuff.”
bread.
of everything else?”
“Charlie,” Dean started, “I….” He trailed off, running a hand over his face again.
“That boy is good for you!” Donna said imploringly, pushing an apple turnover towards him. “You don’t hide your feelin’s as well as you think you do—oh, shucks.” She wiped at the powdered sugar now clinging to her shirt. “You telling me there ain’t a single bit of you who wants to call him yours?”
Dean had nodded slowly, leaning across the table where he’d sat to see the card in Castiel’s hand. “‘Animals can be tried and convicted of crimes,’” he read aloud. “What, like real-life Animal Farm?”
Dean blew out a breath, staring at the now-sorted files. “Not sure.” He leaned back on his hands, palms pressing into the cold floor. “Sam and me—we never really got a solid education as kids. Never stopped him, though,” he huffed a laugh, starting to smile.
Dean said a third time.
were not
“I really don’t have a choice, do I?”
Dean roped him into explaining his favorite (and generally inappropriate) historical phenomena and domino effects, leading to a prolonged (and tipsy) debate as to whether donkeys
Not that he’d know.
Castiel lifted thirty pounds of muscley reptile out of the vivarium with ease and dropped it on Dean’s lap.
Dean pulled up his messages with Cas, scrolling up to a few weeks ago. “Til the thirtieth.”
It was a good deal less crowded than the downtown area, but still busy. Most of the tents were those Dean recognized from the Saturday markets (Sam had wheedled him into going to one a few years ago; he didn’t know Dean kept returning every weekend) and, of course, there was a large collection of bright orange pumpkins displayed on wooden pallets .
he told himself sternly, forcing the alcohol infiltrating his brain to retreat.
It also helped that Cas joined him for lunch almost every day, and brought with him whatever delicious leftovers he’d made and a kiss on the cheek. Granted, of course, that the classroom was devoid of high schoolers—Dean knew any sign of
“Son of a
Castiel’s coffee table, chair, and half the couch were drowning in paper. Dean whistled when he stepped through the door at five-thirty, taking in the rather ridiculous picture of what looked like the entire faculty stash of printer paper taking over Castiel’s
the silver back would burn up the reflection, although this is a more recent addition to vampiric lore
“You were talking?”
was actually pretty good. Castiel loved it; he used to be in his high school’s chess club, although he didn’t enjoy the competition and preferred to play for the enjoyment of the game.
“Sorry—sorry—”
Dean groaned and thudded his head on the countertop, feeling the familiar downwards
The pounding in his head faded, replaced by….excitement? Gratitude? Love?
gonna ask if you’d want to go to Charlie’s annual Halloween party with me, but her girlfriend’s parents are in town, so it got cancelled. It woulda been a blast; someone always gets their ass kicked at Mario Kart, Jo brings
Sam shot him a bitchface. “Dude. If I have to explain to you
And maybe, just maybe…. the shine in his eyes was what Dean hoped it was.
Dean thought, spooning more soup into his mouth, warily watching the three dots disappear and reappear seconds later multiple times.
Dean knew what his own unspoken words were: three small syllables precariously laden with something heavier than they should be able to hold. They settled deep in his ribcage like coals, keeping him warm and alive and burning hot until it hurt.
“I—what?” Dean spluttered, sitting up and taking a rather large sip of his beer, promptly swallowing it the wrong way.
“I swear to God Sam—”
It felt wonderful; streams of rainwater cascading down his face, drenching his hair and shirt. The freezing torrents shocked his body, but it was clean and grounding.
Castiel scribbled something in pen. “Not at the moment, no,” he said, still deep in what looked like water conservation efforts.
“Wouldn’t she hear you open the door?” Dean asked, warily watching the tank. Marcy’s head was just barely peeking out of the warm hide—the one heated from underneath by a heat mat, to create a
“Jesus, it looks like you raided Dunder Mifflin.”
“Well, Cas hasn’t made a move, so I’m assuming you did.” She said, very matter-of-factly. “So, what have
with you?” he asked, taking a more careful sip from the bottle.
“Mine, actually,” Gilda said, letting Dean tear a piece of funnel cake from the plate.
Dean mused drowsily.
the Death Star superlaser to their friendship he’d expected every time his phone dinged with a text from Cas. Or worse: the dreaded
Dean grunted in response.
Dean scowled at the doorway, absent-mindedly rubbing the scorch marks burned into the surface of his desk.
Castiel had finished eating by the time his phone vibrated again.
Castiel found Friday evening....stressful, to say the least. Question after question, request after request, nonstop “hellos” and “nice to meet yous” and “My name is”s. Castiel recognized a few of his own past students, now in high school, roaming around with their friends or younger siblings.
Maybe he should look into that.
He’d thought that this—this
. And they were
“Deal.”
Nope. No, no, no, no.
Sam finally said with a huff.
He did, however, pause on a nature documentary. Which he normally wouldn’t, but….
Charlie finished scrolling through her camera roll. She tapped a picture and shoved the phone in Dean’s face. “Look.”
When he and Dean moved out of the Bunker, one of Castiel’s only requests was a porch.  Dean built him a porch swing and three cushioned chairs facing the woods surrounding their backyard. It’s beautiful and domestic and nothing like Dean ever imagined.
Her would-be-intimidating look was offset by the doughnut in her hand.
Charlie laughed, tipping back her own beer. “Don’t worry, I still love you. Did you cry at the end?”
Dean very nearly face-planted into the snow when his boots slipped on a patch of ice. “Son of a
Dean thought, amused. “You said you’re shit at pie crust, right?” he mentioned casually, grinning cheekily when Cas shot him a glare. It was hard to take him seriously, though, when his hair was still a wreck from being tackled into the snow and his cheeks were red.
“I’m fine,” Castiel mumbled, blinking and refocusing on the TV. “I’m….invested in the plot.”
“Fuck it,” Dean mumbled, clicking
Charlie said, wiping pastry crumbs off her mouth.
it, Cas, it’s not meat. You gotta rub the butter into the flour.”
Dean watched, slightly confused, as Castiel ventured cautiously into the middle of the patch. He leaned down, rolling a few perfectly-shaped pumpkins out of the way to grab one Dean couldn’t see.
“Uh-huh,” Dean mumbled, watching Castiel.
Dean blinked. “Uh—right, yeah.”
revenge, though,” he added, reducing the oven’s temperature.
Castiel took a step back.
Jo closed her eyes, slumping against the old cushions. “‘M drunk.”
line—Dean wasn’t just pushing Castiel, he was seriously testing himself, too. It would’ve been
It was roughly half past one in the morning. They’d finished the movie, a whole French press of coffee, and traded work horror stories before Dean managed to pull Castiel into playing card games. Dean, having grown up more on-the-road than most, knew every card game like the back of his hand. Castiel, not so much—Dean found himself purposefully drawing out the games to give Castiel more of a chance. They were still on the couch, turned sideways to face each other with the table dragged close to the cushions.
percent sure he’s into you too.”
“Cas,” Dean said firmly, leaning his forearms on his knees and staring at Castiel until he met his eyes. “You need to chill, bud. Big time.”
Dean waved aside the apology. “It’s this little festival thing the downtown area does every October. The food’s pretty great, most of the shops and stuff set up tents outdoors, and it’s pretty fun to just walk around. Someone had a pet pig on a leash last year.”
queue, completely unsure of what he was looking for or wanted to fall asleep to. (So he was a guy in his early thirties who fell asleep to movies—sue him.)
Cleo pawed at Dean for more until he gave her the plate to lick clean.
“Yeah.” Dean leaned on his forearms again, elbows digging into his thighs. “It’s a pretty fun night. Afterwards me n’ some of the other teachers usually get drinks. One last hurrah before the ass-kickin’ begins.”
“Who didn’t?” Dean grumbled, folding his arms across his chest. He’d
of them all. Castiel glared at him through his fingers, cheeks coloring pink and looking so defeated it was almost adorable.
I'm on
At least Novak—
Dean refrained from fist-pumping the air, reducing it to a tiny, gleeful grin. “Deal. You want any help with dinner?”
“Charlie!”
Dean made a noise of agreement, unable to tear his eyes from Castiel’s profile.
Dean looked up from grading assignments. “Sam says hi, Cas.”
self could never say. “Yeah. Vaguely. I mean, I was wasted outta my mind, so I don’t remember sending ‘em.”
Charlie interrupted.
“Just a little,” Castiel answered, standing straight and starting to gather the leftover syllabi scattered across the desks. “Constant human interaction drains me.”
was, and always would be, one of Dean’s favorite episodes of television. He’d always had a thing for good cinematography and adult fantasy, so an eight-season show with awesome soundtracks, a
Dean took his phone back, staring dejectedly at the messages. “I am so screwed.”
He rolled onto his stomach, mentally slapping himself away from
“Couple months,” Dean answered, nearly tripping over a dog leash. “Why?”
This chapter features another lovely artwork by jununy! this also happens to be one of my favorite chapters, too, by the way!
“Mm-hm,” Sam hoisted his grocery bag higher on his shoulder. “I’m gonna see if the veggie people have any cauliflower.”
“Cas got slammed with grading shit he has to do this Friday,” Dean explained, setting his sandwich down, wiping his hands, and reaching for his drink. “So I offered to help him out.”
“Dude—that’s not even a question. We’re making pie together,” Dean insisted. “What time?”
locked before heading down the hallways and stairwells, out the big double doors and to the parking lot.
“So you mean you have
Dean clicked his phone on and quickly typed a response.
Castiel was clinking around in the kitchen, something sweet-smelling drifting down the hallway. He looked over his shoulder when Dean padded in, pausing in whisking whatever was on the stove. “Feel better?”
A part of him still believed this was all in his head: the way Cas’s fingers stroked the soft skin behind his ear, the way his hard, muscled thigh felt under Dean’s hand, pliant and firm and
Castiel might’ve flushed, but his face was already tomato-red. He wiped his eyes, still clearing his throat now and again. “You’re an asshole, Dean Winchester.”
the power was supposed to be back the next day; he wasn’t asking out of curiosity. His words sounded strained, forced, like he dreaded the answer.
In hindsight, Dean really should have locked his phone in a box and tossed the key away if he knew he would be getting extremely drunk on New Year’s Eve.
“Yeah, but, still.”
“We should probably go to bed,” Dean murmured.
Jo frowned at her. “Where’d
Naturally, in a very Hollywood-style last-minute-hero fashion,The Knights of the Vale galloped onto the screen, weapons raised and banners streaming behind them to rescue Jon Snow’s dying men.
The power had gone out before during snowstorms, but never when it was this bone-chilling. The day after school had restarted for the second semester, a mini-blizzard had struck down on Lebanon, cancelling the rest of the week and trapping the town’s residents indoors until the roads defrosted. Usually when things like this happened, Dean would drive to Sam and Jess’s to wait it out, but their block, too, had gone out and they were off at Jess’s parents. Everyone else Dean knew was stuck at home, too, trapped in the same situation.
Dean nodded slowly, letting Cas’s words sink in. It wasn’t the first time he’d spouted some philosophical shit at random moments, applying deep thinking to everyday acts, but Dean was still caught off guard every time Cas went on a spiel. “You really believe that? With everything?”
“My brother and his family live here,” Castiel replied. “Their daughter—my niece, Claire—is a senior this year. It was another benefit of the job offer, as well.”
Cleo slid through the crack in the door, leaping up onto the bed after Dean wriggled under the covers. She settled right on his stomach, purring like a tiny, fluffy motorboat engine. Dean scratched her behind the ears, earning a few appreciative, sand-papery licks in return.
Luckily, being at work with Cas wasn’t as weird as Dean though it would be; for the most part everything stayed relatively the same between them. Except now, Dean had started taking Cas to school in the mornings a few days a week, and he had to check his neck for love bites before leaving.
Not much else had changed, though. Not school-wise, at least.
Castiel seized Dean’s face in his hands and kissed him, and Dean melted into it, laughing. Cas’s arms wrapped around his shoulders and Dean pulled Cas in by his hips,kissing him deep.
“Watch out for the bricks in front of the fireplace, they’re rather warm,” Castiel said.
Dean tried to ignore the warm, happy feeling blossoming in his gut. Castiel’s entire body was leaning into him; a big, sleepy weight against his side.
He wriggled an arm from the cocoon of warmth he’d created and squinted at the screen.
The second was pull out the list of things he needed to do from his bag.
Dean blinked. “Dude, you don’t have to apologize,” he said, frowning. “Ain’t your fault you conked out pretty hard.”
“Dean, I’m fine, it was one time—”
“No, it’s a rhetorical question.”
“Cas?” he murmured after a minute, maneuvering his arm from being squished between their sides and around Castiel’s shoulders. “Cas,” he repeated, lightly tapping his arm.
“Mmm,” Dean wiggled his fork at Castiel. “Or, you just wanted to spend time with me.”
—Dean managed to prevent their heads knocking together, jerking his head to the side just in time and getting a faceful of snow instead, but his entire body had slammed into Castiel, and Cas hit the ground on his back.
Dean hummed in understanding. “Why’d you switch?”
Dean looked up from his position on the couch and scrunched his legs up so Sam could sit down. “Huh? Oh, yeah, he said he’d try to.”
“Mmh.”
slightly buzzed, but the water he'd switched to an hour ago had cleared his head a little. “I didn’t drink enough to make driving unsafe."
“Hey, Dean, you checked your texts yet?” Jess cut in.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel answered softly.
Dean held back an exasperated sigh with difficulty. “Well, if you’re gonna pull an all-nighter, so will I,” he said.
all that interesting once the initial terror-and-then-excitement had worn off; she mostly used Dean’s legs as a bed, slithering slowly around his hips, tongue flicking lazily in and out. Cas had, at one point, explained the purpose of a snake’s forked tongue as well as the Jacobson’s organ, but Dean couldn’t really recall that much about it right then.
Dean grinned, propping himself up on his elbows to kiss Castiel’s cheek, nestling his face into the curve between neck and shoulder. “You’re awesome, you know that?”
Dean couldn't answer. Sam saw everything that was going on in front of him, saw how Dean and his mom behaved toward him, always taking care of him, always treating him an invalid.
Cas plopped down next to him, holding the wine, which still wasn't open. He squinted at the television and made a face. Clearly Cas didn't know how to open a wine bottle, nor did he find basketball amusing.
Bobby laughed “Dean did always have a penance for giving nicknames to anyone he could.”
Returning the embrace, Samandriel answered into Bobby’s shoulder “I am, I stay in the bunker with them, and Gabriel, but I heard so many stories about you all that I decided to come and visit for myself.”
“Of course we were waiting” Cas said gruffly “I’m sorry I couldn’t save you, we tried so hard to get to you in time.”
She waved her hands “too much. Erm, lets see, took a nest of 20 vampires down, just the two of you. Can cure demons, turning them human. Friends with Death. Killed Death. Friends with the King of Hell. Died way too many times. Been to Heaven, Hell and Purgatory. Broke someone out of Hell. Friends with Loki. Sam’s better with magic than most witches. Can both speak fluid Latin, and can recite a reverse exorcism from memory. Not sure what else, but is all that true?”
Samandriel left Castiel’s embrace, and stepped forward hopefully “Da-Dean” he whispered, shaking at his almost slip.
“I would enjoy spending time with you, as well as Father, but we cannot take you to the parts of Heaven we are going to. Souls are only permitted to enter their own side of Heaven. Only Chuck has that power.”
Samandriel laughed, his parents were funny. He had to leave soon, he had been advised by one of the keepers that the souls he needed met up every day near this time, and he didn’t want to miss them.
“Father” Samandriel whispered, crying heavily “Chuck said you were waiting for me.”
“Dad” Samandriel called quietly as he walked into the garage, not wanting to startle him “where is Father?”
“We were just going to show Samandriel his room, but that can wait until late. Why don’t we all go and watch a movie together in the ‘man cave’ Dean made?”
Samandriel nodded “thank you fath- Chuck, for bringing me back and letting me go to Castiel and Dean.”
Dean sniggered “where’s the fun in that?”
The boys had worked day and night, rarely sleeping, trying to find a spell to get Cas out of purgatory. It had taken 7 months, and Sam's previous research which he compiled when he found out where Dean and Cas went when they killed Dick Roman, to pull Cas out.
He sighed “Sammy?” he spoke quietly, watching as his brother lifted his head slowly. Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the heartbroken look in his brother’s eyes. “it’s ok, Sammy. She’s gone, and you don’t have to go back in the Cage ever again.”
"I'm glad your here Cas. I love you" he whispered before leaving.
Dean gaped at his brother “where in Hell, did you find time to chat to Chuck? The friggin Sun was dying Sammy!”
Samandriel gave Henry a hug before moving to Bobby. Bobby was already waiting with open arms, pulling the little tyke in for a hug. “Now, I don’t care how much power you got, you listen to those boys when it comes to training and hunting. They know what they’re doing. Now tell me, how is Cas doing? The last time I saw him, he wasn’t himself then he died.”
Sam, being the one most understanding when it comes to reality checks, stepped forward and wrapped his arm around Gabriel’s shoulder to offer comfort “come on man, I’ll show you the room near mine with the biggest bath tub in the en-suite. You’ve always come across as a bubble bath kinda guy.”
“He was in Hell, with that weasel Crowley and his hag of a mother, Rowena. Anyway, Big Broski somehow broke through binding sigils and got Sammykins into the cage with him. So, Samson prayed to Cas asking him to take care of you, but I intercepted it, followed its path and was in the middle of a hostage negotiation when your prayer shook Heaven enough to distract Luci. I grabbed Samoose, shoved Broseph back into his Cage and flew us to you. By the time I got there Cassie and the Big Cheese were already there.
“Dad, were is Sam? Does he still live and hunt with you? And, Chuck said Gabriel would be here?”
Dean gaped at his brother, wondering when he'd become so attuned to him that he could tell all that from just looking. But he scoffed "you're wrong" he held his hand up when San went to interrupt "you're not wrong about me Sam, you're wrong about Cas. He doesn't love me, he never will, so leave it be and don't make things worse."
"Yes, but she understands Sam" Cas stressed.
Charlie sniffed, her eyes shining with tears. She stepped back to allow more people to say their goodbyes.
“Why are you here now? If you are living on Earth with our boys, and this Castiel, why did you come here to see us?” a strong, feminine voice spoke. Samandriel turned to the speaker, realising it was Mary Winchester. John was nodding in agreement, with his arm around her shoulder. Titling his head, he tried to take in as much as he could from them, absorbing the love he could feel between them, hoping that it would ease the minds of his dad and uncle.
“Well” Chuck hummed “it isn’t necessarily a gift just for you. You see, this would be a gift to you, Gabriel, Heaven, and myself. Heaven cannot run on the power of God alone, it’s one of the reasons I made Archangels to begin with. So, I am here to offer you an upgrade. You become one of my Archangels. You wouldn’t be required to visit Heaven anymore than you already do, you just may have to do me a favour or two every few years. And, Gabriel won’t feel so alone in the world if there are two of you. So, what do you say?”
Castiel rose to hug Samandriel, as he did every time the departed the bunker separately. Dean followed closely behind, offering Samandriel a squeeze on his shoulder and a “be good, and be safe”.
"Why the bunker?" Dean blurted out.
Everyone moved to a larger table over to the side, and took their seats. Samandriel was directed to the head of the table by Ellen “might as well sit where everyone can get an eye on you”. He bowed his head for a moment, wondering where to begin. He decided on starting with his birth, then skipping ahead to his death and resurrection.
Samandriel looked confused, but Chuck looked proud.
“What’s all this for?” Sam asked, hesitant to break his brother’s concentration.
“That’s not fair” he whispered his thoughts aloud “my mom, dad, Sammy and Bobby shouldn’t have had to go through all that because of me. Gabriel shouldn’t have had to run away from his home because I was supposed to meet his little brother, and get killed trying to protect me from his older brothers, while I tried to lock them up. Sam shouldn’t have lost Jessica because he’s my brother, he shouldn’t have had to go through everything with Lucifer and the Demon blood because of that. Cas shouldn’t have had to fall because of me, or have his Grace stolen from him all because of me!” dean’s voice had slowly risen to a yell as he continued, before dropping to a whisper “I shouldn’t have been made to go through all of that because the universe said so.”
John basked in the knowledge that his kids had a good life, even after everything he had unconsciously done to mess it up. He wondered if the little guy could take a letter back to his boys from him. Mary seemed happier, now that she knew her boys had a good life, with a home and a family to love. That had always been her biggest regret, keeping her hunting life a secret, who knows what would have happened if she had just told John about it all.
Turning back to John, he looked deep into his soul, seeing the light inside “your sons love you very much, and seem to understand that your actions had no ill intent behind them. Sure, they do hold some grudges about the way they never settle down, especially so after they found out their mother was a hunter who’s family managed to work comfortably from a home base. Sam has come to appreciate his life, he understands that what he does is important and knows that you were proud of him for going to college, but the rage you displayed was probably out of fear more than anger. Dean has always been proud of you for being able to raise two small children, but does feel anger for how he was made to behave. But he has had time to process and forgive you. I believe both of them would appreciate leaving the past behind, and moving forward, once they settle in Heaven.”
Dean was shocked “what do you mean ‘a soul that was already claimed’?”
Mary was shaking slightly, it wasn’t obvious from a distance, but from up close it was clear. Samandriel didn’t know what emotion was causing it, and it made him want to fly home and avoid this interaction. The mother was the Winchester brothers most secretive family member. Sam told him stories about the interactions they had with her after her death, but Dean was more reserved. Samandriel wondered if it was because of the deal she made to bring John back before they were born, the deal that was the catalyst to the rest of their lives. He knew Dean loved him mother, he also knew that he idolised her from 4 years old, until the apocalypse, but it was possible the details he received during that time had caused him to resent her. He hope he could take something back to make Dean change his mind.
"Goddamnit! I just woke up and you don't need to hassle me about this shit in front of guests!" Sam yelled. "I know, 5:30 every night, I know I need these injections or I'll go crazy. I don't need a goddamn reminder!"
"I didn't last long, obviously. It was a little over a week before I got picked up by this guy. He called himself Bruno. He was a monster, but he took me in. I had a warm bed. I had food. There were others like me, mostly young girls. Bruno's rule was that we had to earn our keep. The first time he sent me out, he told me I had to prove my worth. This is when he started giving me heroin. He gave us all heroin." Castiel said, his voice finally breaking.
"Although Adam's way was not the way of the new regime, Gabriel, hell, all of us, felt that he was owed a debt too. We will bring back his mother, wipe their memories clean of the Ghoul attack and of their connections to you, and she will be tasked with putting back together what we cannot." Balthazar said, triumphantly, as if he were the one who had made all of this happen.
"So, what about you? Why were you sitting in the middle of the quad at 8am?"
"Don't worry, Dean put a stop to it." Castiel said, his voice rough.
"Why?"
"Are you sure you're ready for this?" Dean asked.
"You were an asshole. You were a giant fucking spiteful, angry, whiny asshole." Castiel muttered.
"I don't want to teach for the rest of my life. Right now it's just what makes the most sense." He said, shrugging again.
"Yeah buddy, I can see why you want to find out, but you said it yourself, the only beings with the power to do that are other angels and the Big Man himself. I'm not trying to get you down… but so far you haven't had luck with either." Dean responded
"Your father called." She said carefully.
"Mary and Dean made lasagna." Castiel said.
Castiel turned pink and Dean just laughs, leaning in and giving him a big kiss on the cheek. "Best surprise ever."
"I can't believe it!" Castiel yelped. He jumped off the couch and actually jumped up and down, as if he'd just won the lottery.
All he could see around him was death.
"It's very detailed." Castiel said in awe. "The colors are amazing. This is a piece of art, my friend." He reached in and stroked her skin. Normally this would piss Dean off, but right now he didn't care.
"You went to him six months ago?" Dean asked, trying to keep the shock out of his voice.
Dean stared at him. "Yeah, I'm still here. Where else would I be?" He said, raising an eyebrow.
His words meant nothing, because Castiel kept going.
"Cas." He said quietly. He stepped into the apartment and immediately wrapped Castiel in his arms.
On the third day, Dean couldn't stand it anymore. Crowley's "deadline" had passed and Cas was still here, safe and sound, so Dean figured it was somewhat safe to summon the demon again. He knew Cas would never be okay with this, so he wanted until the ex-angel was out running errands. He knew Cas would find out somehow, but he'd deal with that when it was over. Right now, Dean just needed answers. He needed to do something besides sit on his ass and wait for Gabriel to pop back in.
let him live it down.
Dean peeked out from the pillow. Castiel was perched on the edge of the bed, his eyes full of concern, and if Dean didn't know any better, he'd say love.
"Mom, are you serious?" Dean asked. "Are you actually going to go through with it this time?"
They lay there for awhile, holding each other like the first night they'd realized there were feelings there, that they weren't alone in the world. The first night they'd realized they'd needed each other. Dean wanted this to last forever, not two more days. He'd just found Cas, he couldn't lose him now.
"So, what's the inspiration for this change in your idiotic heart?" Jo asked, grabbing her shirt and pulling it on. God bless her, she knew him so well that she realized when he needed her to get dressed.
"I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my eyes and all is born again." He whispered.
Yes. He totally had.
"Yes, to Kansas, you goof. If you didn't hear it, during that chat with my family, Sammy convinced me to come home. I need back up for something like that and you need a place to spend the holidays. It's a perfect fit." Dean said.
"It's too quick. God, Cas. Ugh." He moaned, falling back into the kiss.
"No, absolutely not. You are staying right here." Dean said.
"Did you know that schizophrenia runs in families? Dean, was your father schizophrenic?" Castiel said, seemingly out of nowhere.
"The guy clearly needs to loosen up a little, Dean. I mean, hell, you saw how much more at ease he was when he found out Charlie liked that crap band named after fruit. I saw how relieved he was when you came over and invited him to sit with us. I have known him 10 minutes, and I can already tell he doesn't have many friends." Jo said
Dean deflated, visibly and Sam reached over and extricated the keys from his hands and set them on the table. He reached over and grabbed Dean's arm and gently guided him to the living room. Mary was sitting on the couch, trying to knit, but Dean could see how tight her jaw was and the way her lips were trembling. Clearly she had heard everything.
"That was exactly what I needed." Castiel murmured. "God, these last two weeks have been torture."
"Were you planning on staying here?" Dean asked.
Dean and Castiel were seated on the small loveseat. Dean had his arm draped around the shoulders of the smaller man. After brunch and the discussion about his family (or lack of), Dean was half-expecting him to break down and have one of his nervous breakdowns. He hadn't though and he was totally relaxed for the first time all day. Once again, Dean was struck by the domesticity of the scene, the normality of it. There was no drama, no tension in the air, and everyone seemed content in each others' presence.
Dean knew what Castiel was saying to him underneath his words, which were so carefully chosen. Dean had a family. In fact, Dean had two families, yet for a long time, he hadn't made them a priority. He knew that Castiel thought he needed to change and Dean knew he was right. Castiel assumed he had no one, nothing to hold onto, no one to call home, like Dean did. No matter how he spun it, when it came down to it, he knew his family wasn't Castiel's and there was always a chance they'd split. Dean wanted to give him something to hold on to, at least for now.
"What did you find?" Castiel asked, genuinely fascinated.
Castiel just smiled a little bit, but actually looked a little green. Dean couldn't tell if it was because he was envious or embarrassed. Knowing Cas, it was probably a combination of the two.
"Lawrence's great son! He has returned!" She cried, wrapping her arms around him in a huge hug. "Bobby! Ash! Get your asses in here! Dean's here! He's brought Sammy and that skinny jailbait kid Jo told us about!"
"What? That's it? Aw, Cas, it happens to all of us, even the manliest of us." He murmured, holding Cas, rubbing his back reassuringly.
Crowley just laughed again. "Oh no, buddy boy, I'm not talking about you. You may have been Alastair's favorite, but I have absolutely no use for you. I'm talking about him." He pointed at Castiel.
"What Dean means to say is that he is happy you are not… well… let's just say for now that it could be much worse." Castiel said.
"Dean?" He whispered.
"Neither are you." Sam interjected, looking a little ill at the insinuation about John Winchester passing on the schizophrenia to him.
When Naomi delves into Castiel's brain after Samandriel's murder, she sees her own work, the control, the memory wipes, but below that, she is once again shocked at what she finds. After weeks of reprogramming, Castiel's humanity remains. His mind is still drenched with guilt, which Naomi is using to her advantage. On top of that, there are also lingering feelings of love and thoughts of never returning to Heaven again. In Castiel's mind, the only reason he'd ever return would be to make amends. Castiel no longer sees himself as an angel and his thoughts about his form and his true home are conflicted. He thinks he's fallen too many times to be a real angel and Naomi agrees; Castiel is cracked, flawed, and he is hardly worthy of calling himself a Soldier of God. Below this particular brand of self-loathing and self-doubt, she sees Castiel's true thoughts about the other angels. He sees them as murderous creatures, riddled with God's mistakes. Castiel prefers humans to angels, yet his need to redeem himself to Heaven still overtakes him, because he still views the angels as his true family. Getting past the guilt and the doubt, two emotions that dictate his thoughts, she sees something that makes her consider throwing him back into Purgatory herself. She sees a face. One face, above all, that dominates almost everything, even overwhelming the angel's self-loathing and guilt.
"Do not feel guilty. You are flawed. You spent too much time on earth, just fell too far. I am here to make you better, to give you a purpose. You can save us all, protect us. I am here to give you a mission."
Dean hadn't wanted to bring it up, but he had no idea what it meant, and that was killing him. The truth of the matter was that he had enjoyed himself, more than he had enjoyed any sexual encounter he'd had in a long time. It didn't really bother him that Cas was a dude, because although he'd never said it out loud, he had always found certain men attractive and he saw no difference between dating a man rather than a woman. What mattered is that it had happened with Castiel, who was one of his best friends, who was dealing with a large amount emotional baggage himself, and, oh yeah, who also wasn't quite human. The interspecies aspect of it bothered Dean far more than the same sex aspect of the experience.
"It's only 8 o' clock. I don't have class until noon tomorrow and I know you have the day off." Dean said, glancing at his phone to double check the time. "How about a beer?"
Sam stared at them, a smile ghosting his features. "Don't get me wrong, it's nice that I'm not the object of Dean and Jo's torture anymore, but give the guy a break."
"That's all that matters, Cas." Dean interjected. "No more fighting, not with Heaven, not with Hell. This is what we have been fighting for and now it's all going to pay off."
"Yes." Castiel said, sounding surprised. "You know them?"
"How are you here?" He asked weakly. "Am I dead?"
"No, you boys… you back to school. This is something I need to do myself."
Dean watched as Castiel ordered a large slice of pizza from the girl working at the pizza joint in the student center. He handed her some cash and then grabbed a soda. Castiel looked around the full cafeteria, a worried expression on his face. He watched Castiel balance the tray on one hand so he could nervously run a hand through his hair, which was now so unkempt he looked like a wild jungle animal. The cafeteria was full because it was 1:00pm and it was lunch. Castiel began to walk over to the couches, which was a messy and uncomfortable place to eat lunch.
"You wouldn't fuck me." He whispered. "I didn't think you wanted me anymore."
"Castiel. You're looking… well, pretty terrible." Gabriel said. He sauntered over to the couch and looked down at them. He shook his head. "The two of you right now, I swear, you look like sad puppies. You're two little puppies who were just kicked repeatedly by a big mean demon."
None of this matters now because he has a mission. He thinks it's a mission from God, although it is actually a mission from Naomi.
"Are you ready for this?" Cas asked, gesturing with the knife. He was clutching it so hard his fingers were white.
"I just… well, thanks. Thank you for staying and doing it. You might think it's a little thing, but it's not. To me, it's a great big thing. So thank you." Castiel said.
"Dean, we've been here for three minutes. Slow it down." Castiel said.
When Dean saw himself in the mirror, he seriously considered murdering both Jo and Castiel.
"Since then, it's been a battle just to get through each day. All I can think about sometimes is what I can do to please. You can't please everyone though, and I've realized that it's easier to withdraw. I can't… I can't let people in. When I do, I can't handle it. I revert. I always fucking revert." He whispered.
They worked in uncomfortable silence for another 10 minutes, when Dean heard a laugh escape from Castiel's lips.
Castiel's walls break. He howls out in pain again, determined to cradle the copy, ease its pain as it dies. Naomi won't let him. She grins at him again and then with another flick of a wrist, she snaps the copy's neck.
"Dean, she's our mom and you know her, she loves to give us gifts. Loves to keep up some semblance of normality. It's how she deals with me." Sam said wryly. Dry humor, acute self awareness, it's how his entire family dealt with these 'situations.'
Castiel hesitated and glanced at the bar. He sighed and sat down. He didn't try to kiss Dean again and didn't say another word about the bathroom or getting out of the bar. He just sat there, staring at Dean with those eyes of his, and Dean felt cold. They didn't say one word for the next few minutes. On cue, by the grace of some higher power, Charlie and Jo came to the booth, red-faced, hair wild.
"I'm much better now." Castiel said finally.
Castiel stared at Dean, who was giving him a look that made him feel like he was the size of an insect. Dean was betrayed and angry, and he could sense that. He felt Dean's wrath. All of this wrath was directed at Castiel. Feeling Dean's anger made Castiel feel like dying, made him feel like ripping out his own grace.
It was a good thing he’d memorized the way to Cas’s house, because if he’d had to focus on Google Maps with the icy roads, and the building, anticipatory nerves in his chest, as well as the fifty
Castiel smiled. “I knew you only came over to steal my cat.”
Okay.
Welp, we got somewhere, at least!
be here by then.
Cas made
Ah, fuck it, why not?
Castiel chuckled at that, hands falling into his lap. Dean grinned softly. “Marcy gonna be okay?”he asked.
“Tired?”
Dean gently slipped his fingers through Castiel’s, his heart drumming a thumping, steady beat in his chest and such a feeling of
“I was talking about the other cat.”
“Not sure.”
Castiel also gave him a fresh t-shirt to wear home, too, instead of the one covered in cat fur (and probably bits of bird, to be honest).
In return, he’d given Dean a hefty stack of books by his favorite science-fiction authors, shyly explaining why each book or series was his favorite.
Charlie and Garth both hugged him rather tightly before heading off to their respective cars, and Benny tipped his cap with a "Nice gettin' to know you."
married to a lawyer,” Jess said, very matter-of-factly. “It's a habit.”
A collective groan echoed through the room. “Where’s Mr. Novak?” piped up one of the girls at the back.
Dean and Mary would spend the entire day before the party baking, cooking, and decorating in preparation of an all-nighter of booze, music, games, and more. Everyone (Charlie and Gilda, Garth and Bess, Jody and Donna, Bobby and Ellen and Jo) packed in for the celebration, counting down with the live-broadcast Ball Drop from New York, drunk off liquor and champagne and fun. Mary generally forced her guests to stay the night, frying up a mouth-watering hangover-cure breakfast the next morning (generally with help from Dean, assuming he wasn’t in bed with a brain-splitting hangover himself) before shuffling them all out the door.
Charlie frowned. “So then how is Cas a problem?”
Albert made a sharp left, flapping up onto the porch banister.
“No problem, Cas.”
icon.
“Lemme guess,” Dean called, grinning, “the sweaters were
“That you texted Sam instead of him? Dude, it’s the funniest thing ever.” Charlie answered, chomping down on her sandwich like it offended her D&D campaign.
Dean chuckled, returning to stroking the cat’s fur at her demanding head-butts. “Guess so.”
This one had a
offer from the beginning.
passive aggressive pricks. (They were. They really were.)
Cas smiled softly. “Claire said she and Kaia were going skiing with Alex and Patience.” His eyes looked a little sad—wistful, maybe—when he said it, slowly swirling his mug and watching the last of the whipped cream melt. “I hope she and Kaia finally realize their feelings aren’t unrequited.”
Dean dropped his gaze to the mug in his hands again, the burning, boiling riot of feelings finally bursting forth in his chest, a tidal wave of terror and solace and truth and a million other things flooding him, racing like flames down his skin.
Castiel looked up from his desk. He looked only slightly disheveled; his hair was a bit more bed-head and the top button of his shirt was undone, but other than that he looked normal.
Partway through the movie, Dean’s front door banged open as Charlie let herself into the house, carrying—praise be to whoever was above—pie.
) rearranged into tables of four.
“Sorry. I know this is one of your favorite films.” Castiel said quietly, rubbing the label on the bottle with his thumb. There was a light flush creeping up the back of his collar and he was ducking his head, curling his shoulders forward and looking a bit too hard at the damp paper dissolving in condensation.
clutch him tight and tell him
trying to prove?”
“Uh—he’s running late. He’ll be here by second period, though,” Dean assured them, hoping Cas
“I—because I
Dean tried to push himself onto his elbows to get some of the weight off his friend. That in and of itself was probably a mistake, and not just because of the snow now melting into his jacket sleeves—this position put Dean’s face mere inches from Castiel’s.
water pressure.
“Which one?” Dean answered, searching from his standing vantage point.
“You ain’t gonna tell him, right?” he mumbled. “‘Cause he’s right across the hall”—he cast a furtive look at the door and lowered his voice even more, just in case— “and I’d appreciate it if this was just between us.”
The first two days weren’t terrible; he managed to get some pleasure reading done and actually get to bed on time, shuffled under the covers by the quickly fading daylight. Sam messaged him with the option to let himself into their place if they got power back first, but so far, things weren’t looking too good for anyone.
Castiel blinked, looking a little astounded, but pleased. “Yes,” he said, hands slowing as he unzipped his coat. “How did you know that?”
after catching that damn chicken. And cold pie dough ain’t easy to roll out.)
Eventually, he clapped Cas’s shoulder blade and pulled a little back.
“What are the chances she’s going to listen to me?” Castiel asked, contemplating the doorway.
Castiel swallowed. “Hello, Dean.”
They were halfway through
Cas stared back, his lips slightly parted, one hand still lax on the doorknob. The steam from his tea rose in soft curls between them.
Fuck, who had he texted last night? He couldn’t remember too much past….champagne? The countdown? Daring Jo to chug the expensive shit Ellen brought?
“Hey, lookit you,” he murmured, tentatively stroking the scales around her midsection and feeling his body relax as the rational thoughts finally came back. He was stronger than this thing, snakes didn’t attack without provocation, and Castiel was here, Castiel was right beside him; Castiel was—
history material within the curriculum.
“You are incredible,” Castiel said, before standing and shuffling to his room.
Castiel frowned. “Old movies and lewd card games are your idea of a ‘blast?’”
“BCI,” Castiel corrected, clicking the lock on his door closed and standing up. “But you were close,” he added with a grin, turning towards the cottage.
Castiel grins. Sam had gone up to the roof to check on them, and when seeing his brother and best friend rather heavily embraced in one another, had fallen backwards down the stairs. He wasn't hurt by any means, but Dean had nearly broken a rib from laughing so hard.
