A proud smile lit up Sherlock's face like a Christmas tree. No doubt he probably felt very accomplished by the pile of pure bullshittery John had ever read.
John could have swore he saw a spring to the young muggle's step as he just insulted these two people to the highest level. Even he couldn't help but find it funny as well. He followed behind and gave a quick peek to the sergeant's legs to see that all he had said, was in fact, true.
“Tell that to her husband. He’s under a sheet over there.” The man pointed to the second body across the room.
With a simple nod from John, Sherlock returned to the desk mug in hand. This had been somewhat of an odd day for him. He wasn’t sure if it was because he had been starving for a length of time or it was the rush of new blood in his system. He had crossed realities this morning with John blatantly thinking he knew of the Diogenes Club. He subtly flirted on the cab ride, which if he was truly honest he quite enjoyed himself, and even pleased he had invoked such a reaction in the doctor. And then it even seemed, for the briefest of seconds, he had hoped John had remembered the club in his deja vu encounter. What was wrong with him today? These would have to be questions he would need to answer at a later time. Right now the case was at hand.
“Oh don’t let your soldier's courage wane now,” Sherlock smiled teasingly. “The fun is just now starting.”
John couldn’t help but snigger and before he could control his mouth and realize who and what he was speaking to; let out the first thing that popped into his mind.
"Harry and me don't get on, never have. Ginny and Harry split up three months ago and they're getting things sorted; and Harry is a drinker."
“There’s more. Given her state of malnutrition she didn’t put up much of a fight. No skin or blood is evidence under her nails either. The way her body has been dismembered and the stone lodged back in her throat I would definitely say it is a Eastern European association you are looking for.” Sherlock handed him the rock and swiped off his gloves
When John returned home it was oddly quiet. Too quiet for his liking. Usually when John came home from work Sherlock was always clamoring away in their flat. Whether it was endless pacing from trying to think, conducting some sort of experiment, or scratching away at his violin. The detective was a never ending bundle of energy that could hardly never keep still. Stagnation was never a good sign.
"Not much." Sherlock took off his gloves and reached into pocket for his mobile phone, typing through the internet to scour for answers.
“’Til death us do part. Twice, in this case.” Holmes smiled at the Inspector. Just like him to save the good parts till last. Now this was getting interesting. This was the masterpiece he was trying to paint on his easel. And what a grand spectacle it was!
John could hear the slight bitterness in Sherlock's voice. It made him wonder if he had grew up being ridiculed or bullied simply because he was different.
“Sherlock?” John rose from his chair and followed him. “When you said the case would be unsolved you mean that you got rid of him, right? What did you do with the body?”
“Emelia was not a twin, nor did she have any sisters. She had one older brother who died four years ago.” Lestrade informed them.
Harry sighed adjusting his glasses, running a hand through his dark hair. He did not want to loose a valuable employee. John had an extensive decorated career as an Auror and had traveled not just around England but international missions to the far east as well. However, he knew John had his own personal demons just like he had his.
John made a once over at the prospective flat that they were going to see. It was a tall three story building with a convenient café shop on the street level. He did have to admit it wasn't a bad place and it seemed to be in a respectable neighborhood.
The two men slipped into the cab, starting their journey as a silence grew between the two. John didn't have the chance to get to the bottom of his question back at the flat. And he wasn't exactly sure how long their ride would last, but he had to get the muggle to open up. Right now the man beside him had his attention transfixed on his phone, typing away God knows what. Sherlock's eyes gave him the briefest looks and he gave out a soft sigh.
Making a glance towards the table there sat a singular setting of the steaming hot breakfast and condiments to compliment it. The act struck a chord in John’s heart and once again he was feeling guilt. Here he had been thinking the worst of him and the vampire had actually put forth the effort to make some sort of peace offering. He stepped in and took a seat at the table, watching as Sherlock bustled around the tiny kitchen in preparation for the morning tea.
“We’re out,” John continued. “The terrorist attack…there was a lot of people hurt. We’ve used up our supply. The surrounding hospitals have too. I’m not sure when we will have enough that I can bring home a bag or two extra that they won’t miss. I hate to say it but you may have to call Mycroft.”
John's face must've said it all as he threw him a look and the man's face instantly fell into confusion.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed in confusion. That wasn’t what he had meant at all. But…friend? He considered him a friend? It had been so long since he had heard that term of endearment that he had forgotten what it felt like to be called a friend. The solemn word gave an ache to his chest, if only he could truly feel that. Feeling how it made the heart quicken, heat to rise in the body, and the dusting of warmth across his cheeks. Oddly in this circumstance he was glad he was dead so not to easily show his true emotion.
Sherlock left the sitting room and headed straight towards the bathroom, trudging off his soiled clothes as he went. John was left wondering what cryptic answer the detective had meant this time. It was obvious to him that apparently Sherlock was going to cook up some story about how their suspect was now dead, of course dropping off the fact he was the one who had killed him. But what was he going to tell them? That he was murdered in cold blood? Let the Yard run around in circles after some imaginary killer that lead to nowhere except in the minds of both Sherlock and John?
"Ah, well you won't be going far. The muggle has been doing most of his work here in London. Mike Stamford, the wizard who reported it, will be meeting you at the park near St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Also we will need a new identity for you and I have just the thing. As for reporting to, you can call either myself or Harry." Mr. Weasley handed John a manila file folder and John flipped it open, glancing at the papers.
“Afghanistan.” The ghostly whisper played in Sherlock’s mind once again. He knew then that this wasn’t chance. That the universe indeed was not lazy. That this was not coincidence. Or maybe he was just being too hopeful.
"Yeah ... Asphyxiation, probably. Passed out, choked on her own vomit. Can't smell any alcohol on her. It could have been a seizure; possibly drugs." John threw out there.
“Your left hand. Show me.” Sherlock commanded as he held out his own, waiting for John to submit to his request.
“Depending on what market you sell blood it can run the average cost of today’s rent with two or three pints. I say its a fair trade.”
With that the detective got up in a burst from the table and stepped outside the cafe. John’s eyes followed him and he observed their interaction from the other side of the window. Sherlock  casually strolled up to the scrawny, frankly malnourished, dingy clothed man and offered him a cigarette. And like a slight of hand magician’s trick, the man slipped a piece of paper inside the cigarette box as he took two cigarette’s in exchange. It was all sly and underhanded in front of street way CCTV cameras. But the performance was executed with such quick precision that no one would have been none the wiser that valuable information was being traded right under their noses.
"But they take the poison themselves!" he stopped briefly to peer up at the two men he had left behind. "They chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs. Even you lot couldn't miss them."
"Right," He had hoped she would've elaborated further on where Sherlock had went, but given their previous encounter her was doubtful she would help. "Right….yes. Sorry where am I?"
"Just you and me now Mr. Watson. Come along and I'll show you down to the artifact room and we will get you geared up. I've been doing all kinds of odds an ends jobs since they have practically made me director over this whole floor. My job is to look after muggle affairs." Mr. Weasley
An unexpected visitor causes some tension for Sherlock and John is going on his first blood hunt for a cranky vampire.
“Heaven’s no! Even as a vampire I do have morals. I mean for you to supply me with blood from the hospital as rent payment.”
It wasn’t the awe of strength that kept John watching the scene from afar, but pure unbridled shock of the display. He wanted to call out for Sherlock to stop, though no matter how much his mind screamed the word, his tongue caught in his throat. It too paralyzed. His legs twitched at the urge to run over and defuse the situation however, they too was anchored to the ground. All military instinct had flown out the window.
problem?” Holmes turned to Lestrade, changing the subject entirely. The Inspector who had been bewitched by the presence of the corpse, lifted his eyes to face the onslaught of the detective.
This woman is dead.” Reasoned Watson as he pulled the cover off the corpse’s head to reveal her face. “Half her head is missing! She’s not a threat to anyone!”
John’s brows furrowed in confusion at the vague message. Carefully opening up the drawer of the table laid his gun. Relief flooded him as he picked it up and finding it loaded, ready and armed. It surprised him in some ways to find it just how it was and not loaded so Sherlock would have the upper hand. But as the vampire had said, even he had morals and even he would think someone an idiot if they did not think of their well being first while with him. He had to have taken his gun for something more than the excuse of John’s safety. Perhaps his own. Was there something about John’s gun that could possibly harm Sherlock or even the bullets? Bullets contain no silver, so that was out of his theory. Whatever the matter was he left it with John, armed, and even let him know its location. That in itself gave John enough motion to hide it under his pillow just for good measure.
The man's rounded face nodded in recognition, but was unsure whether to press on with his questions any further. He didn't want upset or bring back bad memories to the Auror. He waved him to a nearby bench and handed John a hot cup of coffee.
“It’s relevant to me.” John leaned forward in his chair to get a better look at the detective. “Are…are you embarrassed?”
“If you want to know what happened, how I was turned into this, then tell me about  Afghanistan. What happened the day that stray bullet marred your shoulder? How you stitched back together your brothers in arms as they screamed in terror against the blasts of cannons in the desert plains,” He tilted his head to the side as if his scrutiny gave him a better angle to read John from across the table. “If my deduction serves me right, from what I have seen of how you hold your shoulder, I would say the bullet shattered the collar bone and severed the subclavian artery. You must have lost quite a bit of blood. You had not one but two surgeries to set it right. Must have left a sizable scar. The end result was that it riddled your health to the point you were discharged and sent home.”
“She was positively identified by her own husband seconds before he died. He had no reason to lie. He could hardly be mistaken.” The coroner pressed.
“Well, um…yeah, I’m looking for the uh labs. I ordered blood about half an hour ago and it still hasn’t turned up yet. So I came down myself. To get it.”
And right now it seemed that way. As soon as the Inspector left Sherlock bounced in the air like a happy child gifted a new present, twirling around to gather up his coat and scarf.
“Then how have I not been under its influence since then? Or have I been and just not realized it? I’m around you all the time.”
Sherlock gave the doctor a hard look before reaching into his coat pocket and retrieved another cigarette. As he brought it to his lips he studied the shorter man in front of him. Usually people romanticized vampirism in their own strange way, but as far as he saw it, it was a parasitic disease. And not one he talked openly about. Though the more he regarded John his mind had changed. He truly was a man like no other and had put up with his unique living condition with relative ease. Also he could see his interest in him from a medical and academic perspective.
“We might as well call this stake out a draw. I do believe our endeavors will be fruitless tonight. Why don’t you go on and seek out the comforts of home. I shall be along momentarily.” Said Sherlock.
With every step up the stairs John’s heart beat a little faster. What was he going to tell him? It wasn’t as if he had anticipated this. Sure there was bound to be mass injuries once in a great blue moon, but a terrorist attack that wiped out the whole hospital’s supply of blood? The whole second half of his shift had been a nightmare. It felt like Afghanistan all over again. Just like Afghanistan.
In that instance the staring spell was broken as Sherlock’s frame pulled back at John’s words. His face was no longer cold or indifferent, but something akin to remembering a memory one wants to readily forget because it brings them sorrow. His gaze turned away from John and back to his computer.
"Rightly so. You must forgive me I haven't had the chance to tidy up a bit and sort things out. Just moved in myself a few weeks back but I have been engrossed in work. I'm sure with both our incomes we can live quite simply. What say you?"
The evening had set and he found himself lost in thought as he reclined in his armchair. A random cup of steaming tea had mysteriously made home beside him on the table along with a note. Most likely the land lady's doings. She was always wondering about. Turning up at inconvenient times here and there.
The man ignored John's question and looked up as a young dark haired woman wearing a lab coat came into the room with the aroma of coffee coming from the mug in her hands. For a moment it seemed the spell was oddly broken.
"I'll keep it mind. I am meeting him at 7pm tomorrow at 221B Baker St. I'll fill you in more from there."
This time John’s body stilled and the wavering perfume of fear was beginning to make itself known in sweat and perspiration. John was afraid.
“Presumably on his way to the morgue to identify her remains.” Holmes was still trying to follow along where the Inspector was going with his story.
“I’d prefer not to. Even though I have done it that way in the past it is something I personally don’t care to do. I can become too comfortable. Not just from getting blood directly from the source but in killing too. Its strange. Like a call to the void.”
The detective was just about to peg this, once interesting case, for a dud. Though, there in the musty confines of the morgue he was now not so sure. An uneasiness was settling in the pits of his stomach, making it turn over. It was when he had these feelings he knew that he was out of his league. He dared not admit it openly. And here he had thought he had the answer, waiting to spring forth from the crevices of his mind. A painting of marital discontentment gone array to the point of a ghostly accomplice concluding in murder-suicide. Something was making him second guess his reasonings. As though he wasn’t asking the right questions and had to go back to square one.
Sherlock’s demeanor changed again. Despite looking like something out of a horror movie with blood all over him his face held a softer expression. Not out of weariness for his earlier actions, but something akin to compassion.
"That's right! Like Magnum P.I.!," she chuckled to herself and looked over at John. "Are you going to be Jonathon Quail Higgins?"
The door to 221B opened and the two men were greeted by an older lady clad in a dark purple dress with a bubbly smile on her face. Her arms outstretched and hugged the detective briefly.
“When Sherlock called me up and said he was going to need certain security cameras within Barts Hospital temporarily shut down tonight I became….concerned.” Mycroft stated as they drove off. “I’ve been too lax on him lately, I’m afraid. And when I saw on the CCTV footage of Baker Street that you were entering and exiting the premises the past week, well, forgive me in saying I was worried he had fallen off the wagon. Terms I don’t put lightly.”
"Wait…are you the chap that…oh you are!" he arose from his chair and took John's hand and shook it vigorously, "Bless you Mr. Watson! That was a horrible…I mean to say is you did the Ministry a great service! Bless you!"
"Oh my God!" Harry's voice was now in full alarm. "I'll get word out straight away to send someone out to Azkaban to see what's happened."
Hello Lovelies! So happy to get another chapter up and going and glad there are a few of you out there enjoying it! I know I am along the way as I write and am having as much fun sharing it. As always I am just doing this for fun and because it is a hobby of mine but feel free to comment if you like! I will see you all next time as I am already working on chapter three as we speak.
He reached the flat and all but fell into his chair. He was out of breath and the muscles in his thighs and calves were burning. He had ran. Ran away from a murder. One that he didn’t anticipate at all.
"What is it, what?" Lestrade leaned in closer over the rails hanging on to the detective's every word.
“Its in a undisclosed location. The less you know the better. You may have bared witness to my protruding evilness in an act of violence, but I will not have you be an accomplice to me by helping me be rid of the evidence.”
It didn’t occur to him that Sherlock’s attack had been deliberate and not an act of crazed violence. Or even blood lust for that matter. He had came in to rescue him.
Something dropped in the bottom of John's stomach at his confession. He had just given a vampire a new fix. And it looked like he was already highly addicted.
Sherlock blinked away his trance as soon as John spoke and removed his fingers from his mouth, settling them on the arms of his chair.
John blinked. Then blinked again. Had he heard him right? Surely not. He must’ve been imagining the words that had just come out of Sherlock’s mouth.
John sat on the bed in the tiny, bare, plain walled flat. The more he looked at the walls the more it seemed like a padded prison. Even the noise on the street was beginning to bite at his nerves to the point he couldn't tolerate it. It was too much. Was this what his life came boiling down to? Shaking his head trying to rid himself of depressing thoughts, he flipped open the file folder again that Arthur had given him.
“Let’s not worry about it. Not right now.” Sherlock’s attention drew back over to the wall. “Right now there is a case ahead of us. And I have a feeling that this is more than just a terrorist attack.”
“You’re not going to put me off you know. You’ve been fighting it since this afternoon. In fact here.” John handed him a mug that was sitting on the counter. “Put some in there and sit at the table with me.”
"She could have checked into a hotel, left her case there." John was trying to put out any second thoughts into Sherlock's head. He was going to have to play him for time if he was going to call up the Auror's to find the suitcase first. No way he was letting this muggle getting his hands on it.
John sat back in keen interest now. No wonder Sherlock was able to come to the conclusions he did the first night they met despite his skill. If John was correct in thinking and given the fact that his new flatmate was a vampire; he must have vast amounts of information right at his fingertips. Able to solve crimes at a mere glance without even touching a body. All he would have to do is go to the right location in his mind to get whatever he needed.
“If that’s as close to an apology as I’ll ever get, then I’ll take it.” He paused for a moment. “But I don’t regret it. I’ll admit I was bloody terrified that night. I didn’t know if I was going to live or die. But after the war I was living such a mundane life. And then I realized that was killing me more than this was. And in the end I gained a friend.”
The older inspector brought them into room two stories above the ground floor. It was devoid of furniture except for a rocking horse, that had seen better years, in the far corner. Emergency portable lighting had been set up along with scaffolding poles to hold up part of the ceiling where a couple of large holes had caved in.
“To the morgue. There’s not a moment to lose.” Holmes replied as he shucked off his dressing gown and donned his coat. “Which one can so rarely say of a morgue.”
"Wasn't able to crack it." He noted as the muggle lock was still on. He flipped to the messages section just to see who he messaged and what he had wrote.
Here he had hoped to bring home some blood for Sherlock, but his day had literally went to hell in a hand basket. Oddly, when John left the hospital there was no black car waiting for him. Perhaps Mycroft got tired and went back to his hole of a government office. Seemed like the inability to wait was another Holmes family trait. Why was he not surprised. Either way it made little difference to him and to be completely honest he was tired, hungry, and was in need of much needed rest after today’s mess. Actually it was miracle he hadn’t fell asleep on the bus ride back to Baker St.
"Brilliant! Yes! Ah, four serial suicides, and now a note! Oh, it's Christmas! Mrs. Hudson, I'll be late. Might need some food."
“Glad to see you still have a sense of humor left after your diagnosis. And I am quite glad nothing has changed for me since my demise.”
“Oi, sorry mate. Nearly ran you over. Are you next? He may be tied up for a bit.” The man's gruff voice asked John who was standing there like a deer in the headlights.
No sooner than the Inspector had arrived he was off in a dash, hurrying back down the stairs. John had watched the interaction in a new light. From the new information he had just shared to the detective and asking for help it seemed that the Inspector was heavily relying on his input if he wanted him to come so desperately. So what kind of detective was he? Private eye? Or was he just some new recruit that had just started on the force? He seemed rather young though. No way the police were relying on some kid fresh cut out of university.
"Oh, do as he says. Help yourself." His tone was frustrated and clipped as he turned to go outside of the room, barking orders to the rat faced man to give John and Sherlock some time. John hobbled over to Umbridge's body, awkwardly getting down on one knee and laying his cane off to the side. The detective crouched on the other side, his eyes full of interest and intrigue.
“You mean no mind controlling? Powers of seduction to lure victims to their impending doom? Climb up walls, aversions to crosses, allergic to garlic, sleep in a coffin or…change into a bat?” John spouted off.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth tipped up in a smile. So this was how he was doing it. Easier to trick the mind into thinking one thing is actually something else. Clever doctor.
In the past two weeks he had visibly seen the detective become paler and paler. A dusting of purple underlined his eyes once again and his movements had become more sluggish. Life was slowly draining from Sherlock. By the time the third week had ended Sherlock had stopped working on the terrorist case due to the fact he was now more sensitive to sunlight. This had him make a cover for Lestrade that he was severely sick with the flu. But in turn this meant the sitting room curtains had to be drawn during the day time so he could venture freely throughout the flat.
Before John could report his findings Sherlock and Lestrade were already making their way out. John had to make a quick pace to catch up as they went to the ground floor and proceeded out the back of the building. Sherlock made stop to look around, his ever vigilant eye inspecting the area.
"Sounds brilliant." Harry nodded and excused himself, once again fighting the crowd of people back to the elevator.
“A memory technique. It helps me remember and bring forth information and images that I have stored throughout the years. A skill essential to my work.”
"And there went any chance of a date you ass." John watched him as he didn't even so much as look at the poor soul's defeated face as he went back to his station to the other side of the lab.
"…HELLO!" Came Mr. Weasley's voice as he shouted into the line as John jerked the phone back from his face.
As Baker Street disappeared out of sight he could see the pale figure of Sherlock looking out the window watching his bus. Another thought occurred to him. Mycroft had come to the conclusion John was being fed off of and held against his own will. On top of it all Sherlock had made no defense on his part as to why John was living there. Something told John that Sherlock hadn’t exactly been truthful to Mycroft. What story had Sherlock told him? The only expressive reaction Mycroft had got out of Sherlock was that he had swore he hadn’t bit John. Though it left John to wonder. Where exactly did Sherlock get his blood source before him if not directly biting a victim? John had a theory it may have been from Mycroft if he indeed held a higher power office in the British government. God only knows
“Interesting,” Sherlock murmured as he turned to look back down at John, eyes narrowing to study him. “And what makes you say you have never been here?”
“Gun in the mouth. A bullet through the brain. Back of the head blown clean off. How could she survive?” The words that came out of the detective’s mouth held confusion.
"Hey Arthur I'm going to take this case. I really am. Something, I don't know, something is just not right about this guy. He's not normal. But I've gotten offer to move in with him as a flatmate and I'm going to take it. To keep a closer eye on him."
she was writing Rachel; no other word it can be. Question is: why did she wait until she was dying to write it?" John felt his nerves settle somewhat by Sherlock's words. He had believed the writing on the wall was a name instead of a note. He didn't even seemed concerned that it was burned on the wall than written on a piece of paper or something more normal.
“Ever the observant one, John. You need facts before you make theories, instead of twisting theories to suit facts. That is why I changed it.”
" I tried to get your attention but you didn't hear me. There is a gentleman coming to see the flat. 6pm."
John thought as he re-zipped it and headed out the flat, catching a bus before it left for its destination.
John's cup only managed to get halfway to his mouth before he let the speech over power him with astonishment. Sherlock had turned away from him now, not even waiting for John's reaction since he had stripped him raw, but it was all the truth. The other candidates couldn't handle his blunt to the point reasoning. They had all either left in a huff, cursing his name to whatever God above, some to fits of tears. It was only a matter of time before he started and…
A theory? What theory? If anything this night had once brought promises of a new exciting puzzle, but now that puzzle was starting to become a mystery within itself. Something didn’t settle right in Holmes’s bones. As though this case was Pandora’s box eagerly tempting, waiting, calling to be opened so that he could see all its wonders. But was it wonders that it held? Or was it a box full of deceptive misfortune?
"No, she never got to the hotel." Sherlock disputed "Look at her hair. She color coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She'd never have left any hotel with her hair still looking ..." All of a sudden Sherlock's eyes went wide, exclaiming an "oh" from his mouth as he clapped his hands together at his epiphany.
His mind palace was no Buckingham as John had spoke of before. Certainly no lavish library or expansive university. No if anything it was a mirrored image of the world he was already in. An altered dimension of the confinements of the simple flat. Sure he could open doors to rooms to mazes, hallways and other realities of his own choosing and design. However, the place he was looking for was beyond anything he imagined or kept stored within the palace’s epicenter itself. He was going to have to go deep.
Skepticism was now radiating off the doctor. He was torn on wanting to be cautious of a potential dangerous delusional man yet almost itching to prove him wrong. That this way of thinking and admitting he was some dangerous fictional creature was all in his head. John reached over to his briefcase and retrieved his stethoscope and with only slight hesitancy he approached his captor. He set about his examination as he would with any other patient. Placing the diaphragm of the stethoscope over the fifth intercostal space of the man’s chest he listened through the eartips.
“Before, when you asked if you were going into war, I should’ve explained myself better. With me you always be on the invisible battlefield. There is a constant danger lurking in every corner waiting to strike. Like a snake hiding in the grass. But I know you have your own battles to fight and I would not want to bring you into a war that you are not prepared for or even wanting to be in for that matter.”
They came to a room labeled the Stranger’s Room. The vampire instantly dropped John’s embraced arm and opened the door to an all empty room save for a few chairs and an obvious individual. Finally all the foreboding thoughts escaped the doctor’s mind once he saw who exactly they were meeting with.
John's question made the man turn back around, closing the door strolling over to him as if he was suddenly challenged.
“You cook? Don’t take this the wrong way it just kinda of surprises me. I wouldn’t think you need much use or need for cooking when you are…well,” John cleared his throat. “What I mean to say is I wouldn’t think you would need the skill if you don’t ever have any company.”
Sherlock rested his hands on the arms of the chair and looked down at the now interesting floor below him. To John he seemed nervous as if he was trying to ready himself to divulge a horrible secret. Sherlock took a steady breath and willed his eyes to look at John once more. Now with more will power and determination.
“Not for a very long time. That’s why under careful supervision and a controlled diet, so to speak, I have supplied him what he needs given his circumstances. Now why he has decided to change this arrangement is beyond me. I was hoping you would have provided more insight, but from your statement this morning I am back at the drawing board.”
"That's brilliant!" Sherlock's eyes had flicked over to John's meeting his, brows burrowing slightly over his outburst. "Sorry."
Ah, first day on the hunt. So this is how his day would go. John hurried with his breakfast and finished the rest of his morning rituals. By the time he was ready to head out the door he snatched up the lunchbox and found it oddly heavy. He unzipped and found the contents of a sandwich, apple and a bottle of water. A lunch he didn’t remember making in preparation the night before for the work day ahead. Sherlock must have made it.
The thought of going out on a case intrigued John. If Sherlock could tell who he was or where he had been by observing and smelling him, what was he like out on a case? He was curious and fascinated to see what Sherlock could really do.
Oh. Oh. So it was something more primal. Something out of his nature that he had barely any control over. Of course not. John had only seen a mere scratch of the surface when they were in the parking garage months ago. Sherlock had been on edge during that stake out, but from what he could remember he had just fed that previous day. He knew he hadn’t been hungry. But Sherlock said he knew John was about to be attacked. That must’ve been the trigger to have tipped him over the edge.
He slipped out his mobile phone and quickly sent his last text, since there was now no cameras watching him.
Sherlock, never breaking his stance, greeted him as if there was absolutely nothing out of the ordinary going on at the moment.
"Let's just say that the Ministry of Magic and the detective were investigating the same case simultaneously and neither of them knew it. Thing is, is that he solved the case in less than a day. We've been trying to solve it for years. He just…knows things."
"You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb." His voice hinted in skepticism.
“Oh no, no, no! That's not..” Sherlock’s voice answered as he appeared on the other side of the man eyeing John for a moment. His ears were pert but then one ear flanked out to the side as if he was asking his own internal question.
be a cousin, but you're a war hero who can't find a place to live. Unlikely you've got an extended family, certainly not one you're close to, so brother it is. Now, Ginny. Who's Ginny? Three kisses says it's a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model's only six months old. Marriage in trouble then, six months on he's just given it away. If she'd left him, he'd have kept it. People do; sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you: that says he wants you to stay in touch. You're looking for cheap accommodation, but you're not going to your brother for help: that says you've got problems with him. Maybe you liked his wife; maybe you don't like his drinking."
"The name's Sherlock Holmes and the address is two two one B Baker Street." With a click of his cheek and wink of his eye, he turned to Mike.
The detective’s face had softened and eyes were deep with emotion. John could see now what he had meant before at the flat. Of course there were going to be times the vampire would slip back into old habits and sayings that held no value to him, how could he not. And Sherlock, being what he was, held great value to his past. His once human life. Times he was no doubt more familiar with. And the moments he did slip, it would be a constant reminder to him that he no longer lived in his time. He was simply moving through history getting farther and farther away from a life that didn’t exist anymore.
It didn’t take long for John to arouse himself. After all Sherlock did very little harm in order to bring him to the small flat in which he resided. The steel eyes of the doctor drew from the depths of their clouded slumber as they took in the new surroundings he was in. No longer was he fighting the chill, but now was enveloped in warmth from the heat of a fireplace from the far end of the room. Looking around he realized he wasn’t even in his own home but another’s. Two chairs were nestled in front of the hearth, behind them bookcases filled with volumes of various subjects from floor to ceiling, and by the window a large desk littered with papers and manila folders.
He didn't realize that the man was referring to him once more, actually he still couldn't believe the audacity of his behavior towards the poor girl that this man was capable of making a decent conversation.
"Oh you'll have to experience it for yourself. Something quite extraordinary." Mr. Weasley said in excitement.
As he went inside, John was possessed by the harmony of a violin coming from the upstairs flat. It was something of beauty. Notes swelled on the crescendo and then tremble of vibrato with a skillful hand. He quietly made his way up and entered through the kitchen door, admiring the music from afar. John couldn’t help but think back to their encounter earlier that morning and how he noticed the detective’s gruesome marks on his neck. Despite being changed, essentially murdered, and made into this blood drinking being, he was still able to create balance within the chaos.
“One thing you must understand John, I have lived many years and am far older than you. I have felt loss, grief, and anger longer and more deeply than most. Sure my transition into the being that I am happened a long time ago, but there are times it haunts my dreams as though it just happened yesterday,” Sherlock stood and produced a lunch box that had been nestled on top of the fridge and set it on the table. “You need to hurry if you are going to be on time for work. Take the lunch box with you. I’m sure it will be…discrete…if you follow my meaning.”
“Yes, a team that won’t even work with me. Especially Anderson. I need an assistant. Someone with medical knowledge.”
A squawk of a misplaced note interrupted the delicate melody and John grinned that he was able to disrupt the peace.
He was protecting her. She lived here with no debts, no obligations to him if all she did was a little cleaning. And she lived, however she wished, downstairs in her little flat and he let her fuss over him. It was almost endearing. So what did he see in him? What was so special about him that he uprooted him in just two weeks and moved him right here into his flat.
John and Mrs. Hudson exchanged their hellos and she gestured for the two men to come inside. Sherlock easily trotted up the stairs to the second floor leaving John to hobble up after him. John noted that Sherlock had the speed and dexterity that he once used to have, a good qualification for the detective. He reached the second landing to find Sherlock waiting at the top of yet another flight of stairs. At least he was civil enough to wait. Once at the top Sherlock opened the door to the flat.
John hated not knowing either. It made the pit of his stomach heavy and nauseous with worry. Sherlock seemed pretty sure of himself from what John could gather. Sure the vampire was somewhat concerned of their new complication, but his focus was more on the case than his own well being. However, somewhere in the back of John’s mind, he wondered if the detective’s words held more than what they meant. If it was going to be difficult to get the blood supply Sherlock needed, then would this be a test of sheer will power and strength? How long could Sherlock hold out before he finally snapped? Would the thirst for blood be too much?
John had thought he was off already bounding down through half of London in a cab since he was so excited about the case. So why was he back? He could see the gears turning in Sherlock's head as he came back in the room, as if he was formulating questions in his mind.
“Put off by a kiss I can’t remember?” John asked for the detective. “Not really. Not unless…you were? I mean that must’ve been a taboo thing in your time.”
The young pathologist assistant had become a good friend of his and brought a sense of normalcy into his life. Given the fact she was the few “live” friends he had. John had decided after he met her that it would probably be in his best interest to be on good terms with her. It allowed him easy access to the labs below the hospital and he could freely come and go whenever he pleased. This meant hunting for blood became a lot simpler. And her odd disposition and scatterbrained demeanor meant she was never none the wiser and never noticed anything out of place.
The tender spoken call of his first name caught Watson’s attention towards his companion. But Holmes did not look at him as such. Nor as a colleague or any professional manner. Shadows softened his features making him appear even younger in years and in the cover of the night gave him the faintest of smiles. His touch upon his hand had no firmness to it but only a delicate grasp. It was in these rare moments he looked to him as a lover. One he could only reveal in secret when the call of the heart came to him in their now scarce times together. Watson knew what he wanted, what he needed, and he knew exactly what to do to quell the the great mind that sat in earnest waiting for him. Leaning forward the doctor placed a parting kiss on the detective’s lips.
“Alright then. Maybe not as crazy as invading Afghanistan, but whatever. Hell we already know the worsts about each other.”
John stared back at the papers. The more he stared at them the more he wasn't sure what he should do. Perhaps Mr. Weasley was right. It's just a cover story, but it was also the truth. He had felt like a soldier in the Auror's and he had enjoyed…no craved every bit of work available. The action and getting right into the mess of things, he wanted it. However, it looked like a faraway dream. He felt like since he had been injured on the field he was somewhat scared to return yet it kept calling his name like some long lost lover. All he wanted was some peace to calm his nerves. Maybe this change would help.
“Just because I can’t smell blood unless it has been spilt doesn’t mean I don’t crave it constantly. How long can you go without eating before you become truly hungry to the point of starvation? A couple days? So what do you do? You eat to stave off the pains of hunger. That is one of my many reasons for the bagged blood.”
As they entered, John's legs were frozen to the floor he was standing on, unable to move as his heart thundered furiously in his chest. He had seen countless dead bodies before, but none prepared him for the one in front of him. Prostrate on the ground with her head turned sideways to the floor was, in his book, the most vile woman he had ever known. Her sickening pink outfit made him nearly want to vomit then and there. He remembered her cruelty not only as a teacher and headmistress, but in the ministry of magic as well with her outrageous prejudice ideas about muggle borns when she herself was only a half blood. She had ruined countless lives and tried the innocent all in the vision for Lord Voldemort.
As he had explained to John, he was old. Memories that could have once been summoned at a  mere thought were becoming harder to do so. Especially if one was trying to remember the events that led to their ultimate demise. If he was going to have to find them he was going to have to travel.
“Why don’t you and the doc go on home. We got the guy and that’s all that matters for the moment. I don’t doubt I’ll be pulling you into the Yard for a chat with the Chief soon.” Lestrade urged Sherlock.
John wasted no time. He grabbed up the scraps of his lunch, binned them in a nearby trash can, and made a mad dash towards the A&E. His body sensed the habitual muscle memory of such a response and, like second nature, kicked into what it was supposed to do. It remembered the drop of a hat moments in the desert when the injured was flown in and work began immediately on arrival. There was no time to be hesitant or anxious. The adrenaline was too busy pumping through the bloodstream to allow such feelings.
Now that it was morning it meant Sherlock had to be asleep, stove away somewhere hiding in the darkness. John could move about freely in his new flat. He unlocked his door and carefully made his way down the stairs, trying to be easy on the creaking boards. He reached the bottom of the landing and saw that the door of the sitting room was open. Just like he suspected this level of the flat was quiet with no hints of life bustling about. Suspicions so far proving to be correct.
Needless to say John was at a total loss of words for a split moment. He hadn't suspected that the man he had been freely speaking to was a minority of the general population that he had rarely seen in London.
“I do not care how you live your life or who you choose to spend your time with, but for all intense and purposes, me being a vampire should be kept silent as the grave. And any carousing of the fairer sex should probably be kept at their place of residence.”
Just observing it gave John a cold chill down his spine. Something didn’t look right about it. Every other movie or TV show he had seen the vampire simply bite their victims. Two punctures and that was it. Why did Sherlock’s look like he was mauled and assaulted? Bit multiple times in such a violent manner, uneven and not straight made John’s mind jump to one conclusion.
John did not want to tip him off that he felt uneasy at his request, but all of a sudden he had the urge to get away. However, the way the man loomed over him on the landing, he knew it would not be a good idea. The quickness of his movements was proof well enough that Sherlock could easily overtake him. Besides, if he did leave, who was to say the vampire would follow him home to make sure he would come back? As much as he wanted to believe that this arrangement was all a simple solution; John had no inkling that what he said was true and he would turn and harm him. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was persisting to make good on his word or get him to stay so John wouldn’t change his mind.
get a colleague?!," she turned to John now giving him her full attention, surprise evident on her face. "What, did he follow you home?"
The cab ride was interesting to say the least. John's eyes wandered over to his flat mate next to him who looked uncomfortable. Sherlock didn’t sit all the way back in the seat, but rather a little forward. No doubt making some room so he didn’t squish his tail half to death. His hat did little for him as well. John could see little subtle movements underneath from his where his ears were trying to stay put in one position. It had to muffle his hearing being trapped under there. Just as John was making note of what he saw Sherlock looked over to him in a questioning gaze.
the taste. John, it wont matter to me whether I'm hungry or not. If I smell and taste blood that is appealing to me I
John was dumbfounded for a moment. It would be risking his career stealing blood from the hospital. Though the prospect of living rent free would be easier on his wallet. But what would happen if he got caught? More or less what would happen if he didn’t bring anything home?
Sorry for the small absence. Work has been crazy and I am still trying to get over the side effects of the second dose of the Covid vaccine. It truly kicked my butt. But I'm on the road to feeling better.
Sherlock paused in his movements before he could tie his scarf and turned back to John with a face of subtle panic.
The bottled up rage finally burst out of him and onto the innocent woman who turned back to look at him from the door, making her jump. As soon as it came out he instantly regretted it and back pedaled fast.
John sat at the table and waited for Sherlock; listening to him as he carefully poured the blood into his mug. Once he was finished he joined him at the table, vaguely looking like a lost solider waiting for his next instruction from his commanding officer. The doctor broke the tense atmosphere as he began to eat, looking towards Sherlock to do the same, and with some hesitancy the vampire did.
“Look at his clothes. Dust has been smeared on his shirt due to the filthy air. Filters haven’t been cleaned regularly in this building; leading to the accumulation of dust in the duct work. Yet his flat is spotless. Your murderer was clever but not that clever. He was like a mouse in a hole in the wall. Or in this case the duct work.”
The muggle spun back on his heel, just before he could reach the front door, to face the elderly woman. His face was lit up full of excitement.
John picked up the mobile phone given to him and he scrolled through the contact list and pressed a number, waiting as it rang on the other end.
"Why?" John was miffed by this woman's attitude towards the detective. She clearly had a dislike for him that set her mind that he was simply one thing to her; a freak. A freak that thought outside of the box, a freak that could see where others couldn't, a freak that was using his talents to save lives and the Yards fucking jobs. And John hated every fucking bit of it! He wanted nothing more than to give her a piece of his mind and shove it so far up her ass!
“Then what is keeping you from not going haywire?” It was a question that constantly nagged at the back of John’s mind. How much would be too much for the vampire? His limitations? How much danger would John truly be in if Sherlock did go off the rails?
“There are chemical properties in my breath that, when in close proximity to me, releases a soporific stupor.” Sherlock began. “One that I have researched myself and the only thing I can compare it too is the drug scopolamine. Commonly known as ‘The Devil’s Breath’. Within mere minutes the victim is under its effect with their free will eliminated and memory wiped clean of any incident. It is odorless and tasteless. You fell under my spell quite easily, John. I told you to sleep and you did. After that I brought you here. But its effects wear off soon and usually people only have a mild headache in the end. It’s the closet thing to mind control, as you put it, though I would say its more like an art of persuasion.”
John's walk ended at a black door with golden letters of 221B gleaming overhead and a large door knocker. The unknown waiting behind its void color. With simple twist of his wrist he popped off the top of his cane, double checking the compartment in which held his wand in secrecy. Satisfied that everything was in place he quickly popped the top back on and knocked the door as a cab pulled up to the curb. John watched as the man he had met just yesterday paid the driver and now faced him with now a cooler demeanor. The detective smiled at him, this time John thought it was actually a true smile and not the fiendish grin from the lab.
"I'll leave you two to it, if you don't mind me going back upstairs." Harry looked to the two of them.
John didn’t go up right away but instead knocked on the door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He needed to know. And with her ears for gossip, as she always mentioned she did when she played cards with Mrs. Turner, the neighbor, she would know if Sherlock had been up and about today. The elderly woman opened up with a smile on her face when she saw the doctor.
He knew the woman meant well and didn't deserve his lashing, but he was so utterly fucking tired of being pitied all the time. It was beginning to be exhausting.
"Why d'you keep saying suitcase?" Lestrade interrupted, jarring Sherlock back to the situation at hand.
“The British government. Practically is the British government. He has eyes all over the country and henchmen to watch the entirety of the nation.”
He proceeded his way up the stairs to his new room, securing the door once more with the lock of the doorknob. In some strange sense he felt like he was safe as he backed away from the door with uncertainty. He quickly scanned the room and found it quite spacious. Once again, true to the vampire’s word it was already set up and furnished with all of his belongings. A dresser and the closet were filled with his clothes, a floor mirror sat in a corner, and his old army trunk was at the foot of the bed. By the window, draped in moonlight was his bed neatly made and ready to be slept in. In quick mental thought he went and checked the window finding it locked.
“Here take mine.” John slid it across the table to her. “It’s still cold. Put it on the back of your neck. It’ll feel good.”
"Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it?! Someone else was here, and they took her case. So the killer must have driven her here; forgot the case was in the car."
But the question now was what was triggering it? Was it the location? The fact they were waiting on a suspect? The possibilities were endless. The main thing right now though was to distract Sherlock of his plagued thoughts.
John swerved his head back into the room. This he had to see for himself. There could’ve been no way that there were scratches. The room itself was on the second floor and there was no direct contact to the window. No trees were near to have someone climb in nor a good foundation below to place a ladder due to large loose rocks that hugged the building’s base. As John looked closer at the glass, squinting his eyes into a strain. The sound of the air unit below him kicked in causing him to jump slightly and heart to race at the sudden noise. How the detective could see scratch marks in the dead of night was beyond him. He would have take Sherlock’s word for it.
Holmes wasn’t going to admit that the theory he had was slowly being erased. He hated not knowing. He felt like the common Scotland Yard officers he so blatantly ridiculed for their feeble minds. He simply had to think!
“I don’t see how you can’t just, I don’t know, smell down a suspect if they have the victim’s blood on them.” John knew he was pressing his luck by asking such a question, but in all honesty he was truly interested. Though the last thing he wanted to do was make Sherlock feel like he was asking him because he was fascinated by his infliction.
John's thoughts were cut short by the deep voice of the detective by the doorway, making him almost jump in his chair.
Desperate times call for desperate measures as Sherlock suffers from not being fed leading to John to take matters into his own hands.
The doctor knew every man had needs. It was one of the very first things he learned in medical school. In the way of the hierarchy of things, love and belonging, was a category all on its own according to Maslow. It consisted of friendship, family and most of all intimacy. John had never been entirely sure of the detective’s sexuality and never gave it much thought. From what he knew Sherlock never talked about any past lovers. He had never mentioned a woman’s name from his past life. Or was he even interested in women? John remembered him saying he wasn’t ‘put off’ when he had kissed him the first time they had met.
By the kerb was a parked black car. The vehicle itself did not appear threatening, but the person who sat inside it with the door open, waiting for him to draw closer.
"A terrorist cell of all things. No wonder the Ministry didn't know. They barely correlate with Muggle politics they wouldn't know. They haven't been on good terms for years. And he solved it in a day. And what are "deductions"?" His mind reeled.
If anyone had told him before he was sent back home that he would be living with a vampire who was probably a century old detective, going after criminals and providing him blood so he wouldn’t starve himself, he would’ve asked them what drugs they had been taking. Even if they told him that there was a man that was going to be providing him a home, friendship, and the most craziest way to relieve him of his pains from war, he still would’ve been skeptical. Sherlock had brought balance to his once chaotic life and he had to say it wasn’t so bad after all.
“Terrorist attack?” John’s thoughts raced. “Surely Lestrade is blowing up Sherlock’s phone right now.”
“You know I don’t even remember seeing you. On the street that night. I don’t remember you bringing me here either. How
A single burst of air hit John’s back and he knew the vampire was right behind him at the fridge. He truly did want a beer. But he had also said so hoping his thirsty flatmate would come to his senses and just have some blood to drink. He knew Sherlock. He knew how he liked to be in absolute focus when diving into a case. So why was he denying himself now when John could clearly see it on his face that he wanted more?
“A flatmate? You brought me all the way here because you needed a flatmate? Personally I don't see what is so abnormal about asking someone about a flat share. On the street. In public. Though I will say I do cross the line at being kidnapped by a potential flatmate. Any way I already have a flat so I hate to burst your bubble. Now, if I can have my gun back, I think I will be going. I’ve been here longer than I care to.”
He felt no remorse or regret in what he had done. It was as he had told John in truth, if anything had happened…no. He didn’t want to give the thought life. He had been too late once before and he vowed to never be again.
Mycroft’s expression quickly changed to a stony mask. A common feature that secured his thoughts on doubting if he and Sherlock were indeed related.
“You will have to forgive me,” The deep velvet baritone voice of his captor resonated through the room as he began his introduction. “This is not the usual way I receive people into my home. Though I think if you are of open, conscious and sound mind then you may be comfortable in what I have to propose to you.”
“Why were you so frightened? Nothing so far has justified your assault on my decanter, and why have you allowed a dead woman to be placed under arrest?”
This pause to their day to let John eat was enough to cause the vampire to retreat into the crevices of his mind and even become wound up. John knew that his blood was giving Sherlock some newfound life that he hadn’t had in the past several weeks, but it almost appeared as if he was on a high from it.
John's eyes flitted down at his leg and cane for a second and shuffled his feet awkwardly at the blunt comments.
Sherlock had been so deep in his trancelike gaze that the tips of his fingers were brushing ever so lightly across his lips as he stared. Not at John’s face, but further down towards his exposed neck. It felt more predatory than friendly. Like a mouth watering hungry man at a feast whose only privilege was to look; yet not allowed to touch or taste. But this was Sherlock’s own rules for himself. And from what he could guess this is why the vampire had put distance between them, choosing not to socialize at the table, but to take up residence in his grey chair. The faint glow of sunlight behind the curtains made him look more ominous in the darkened room. It was time that John took matters into his own hands before it started spiraling out of control.
John looked back to the detective and he could almost hear his heart breaking for him. He wouldn’t admit to him that he had grown up in a prejudiced household where he was never allowed to interact with Felisian's, have them as friends, or even go to school with them. He had heard the racial slurs, the nasty assumptions and opinions his parents made. He had always hated it.
Led like a man of importance on parade, Sherlock was escorted to the patient’s room. To say it was a room of residence for a patient seemed rather bleak when they entered. No curtains draped the window, neither were there any sort of bed sheets or pillows of any kind. Windows were locked, a TV screwed into the wall itself, the door to the bathroom was sloped at an odd angle on its hinges. Nothing looked right in the room, but this didn’t seem to deter Sherlock as he glided around the room checking every crevice known to man.
"Wait, then how did he do it? How did he solve a case of ours in less than a day? Without any help? Let alone any help from us?"
“It makes little difference to me. All I care about is the work. Problems, puzzles, cyphers they are what interest me. Not making a name for myself.”
Sherlock watched as John’s face turned from borderline paranoid panic to pure awe. He was amused himself of his expression. Often, more than often, the people he encountered were put off by his bold statements. Leaning toward more the irritated side to the point where they could easily tell him to ‘fuck off’ in this day in age. However, John’s face held the truth to his inner most thoughts like an open book.
“What are your findings doctor? Am I in perfect gleaming health or do you need a second opinion?” Sherlock’s voice jostled John from his thoughts which made him jump slightly and take a step back.
Sherlock spun on his heel and John followed him down the stairs. There was no way he was going to miss this opportunity. Who said he couldn't engage with muggle in question if he couldn't have a little fun?
"Why don't you sleep on it. There's a flat set up a couple blocks away from the hospital. One you can stay at. Why don't you take this with you and call on me tomorrow or some time this week."
No longer could he oblige John with tea. Every time he drew near the man Sherlock’s eyes would drop from his face, attuned to the pulsating rhythm of his artery that thrummed under the of his neck. All he would have to do was reach across the table and take hold of him. He would never see it coming, he was too quick. No longer could he find comfort in the violin that sat silently by the window. The poisonous thoughts had distorted the way he held the instrument. All he could see anymore was his fingers digging into the frets as if he was giving his victim a deadly hold by the neck. It didn’t matter what it was. Anything was bringing about thoughts of violence to get what he wanted.
“He had allergies too,” John pointed out as he made his own deductions. “Those dark lines under his eyes are common with people who suffer from them. He probably kept his flat clean to try to combat it, no luck I'm afraid.”
"It is and he is…well he's extraordinary, bloody mad sometimes, but extraordinary. I'm always on my toes and we get all sorts to the flat. He only takes cases that defy all logic." He half chuckled to himself. His life over the past five years had changed so much he barely recognized it.
"Oh, don't worry; there's all sorts round here.," then her voice dropped down to a hushed whisper "Mrs. Turner next door's got married ones."
“Now you see. There are even ghosts in your past that define your every sunny day. When mine is more literal in the sense. Besides my story is not one that can be easily told over the breakfast table just like yours isn’t.”
John knew soldiers that were once prisoners of war. He had heard of their nightmares when he treated them for malnutrition and the torture they endured. Things they dared not even speak of even though the evidence was written upon their bodies like a book to be freely read. Some would go on to recover while other’s had their spirits permanently broken to forever relive the horrors for the rest of their lives. He now wished to God he had never heard their stories now. Though he had consented to move in, he felt a large heaviness in his gut, a feeling of sudden helplessness.
"Please by all means drink your tea. It shall be lengthy. All I did was observe. When I saw you walking down the street towards the flat I noticed you were tanned, though nothing above the wrist. You've been abroad. Your hair cut suggests military. You have steady hands, you are acclimatized to violence, even now when you thought your very life was in danger over a cup of tea. The smell of antiseptic when you entered the room gives away that you have been to a clinic or hospital recently. Not for your own medical purposes even though your limp is psychosomatic. Please fire your therapist. Therefore you've been job hunting. Not going successful by the way. I saw your application paper that you stuck into your coat pocket when you reached the door. Perhaps the place you where just at wasn't keen on a doctor with a cane. You would go to your brother for help, but you don't approve of his drinking. Your phone in your pocket is expensive yet you are looking for a flat share. You wouldn't waste money on that. So must be borrowed. The scratches on the outlet suggests a drinking problem. Never see a sober man with them, never see a drunks without them."
“Apology accepted. Besides if I really wanted to kill you I would’ve done so already. Lord, there would be a body to clean up and that in itself is tedious work. In all honesty I mean you no harm.” He said calmly as his hands raised up together to steeple themselves under his chin as though contemplating something only he knew. “All I want is a moment of your time to ask some questions.”
“Unprocessed. It must've not have gone through the separation process just yet. Do you know who donated this blood?”
John watched her go, grateful she had been called away before he could say something not so nice himself. The ringing of a nearby phone booth pulled him from his now sour mood to refocus, he had a call to make himself. Making his way further down the street and away from the crime scene John pulled out his mobile phone, flipping through the contacts for Harry and rang him up.
Curiosity got the better of John as he asked what they normally said in which Sherlock only replied "Piss off." John couldn't help but smile and drink his tea, watching as the other smiled in return. All the ice that was between them was broken. John had met Felisian's before but never did interact with any of them. And now it seemed he was getting his full dose.
John’s thoughts tried to rationalize with him. But the more he said it to himself, the less confident he became.
“If you should find yourself in a compromising situation.” His hand rested out the window, a business card nestled in-between his index and middle finger. John took the card. He understood what Mycroft was doing. Not only did he act as a protector of the government, but the protector of Sherlock and now for John.
"I heard you were abroad somewhere getting shot at. At least that's what The Daily Prophet said, what happened?"
"And there was something else. A note, burned into the goddamn wall, but it was in German. RACHE, means revenge. Do we know of anyone that's German that's pissed off at Umbridge enough to kill her? And the detective he's out searching right now for a suitcase that belonged to either Umbridge or Jennifer Wilson. May need to send a team out here too."
John was rather shocked. It had been a long time since he had been assumed as gay, even though it had been since his school years since his last male relationship.
“Do not worry yourself with it. I do believe you are one of the good souls still left out there who sees past our differences. Besides that there are ways to bend the rules so to speak. Its why I invented the job of being a
The steam of the water brought him out of his thoughts as his eyes drifted over to the niche in the wall to the side of the tub and found a familiar bar of soap and shampoo. The scents couldn’t be mistaken. They were his own necessities. Now that he was aware of this new fact his eyes darted up to the sink and sure enough nestled in a cup was his toothbrush and toothpaste.
The doctor couldn’t help but smile. Holmes could be stern, cold, detached from the realm of emotion when on a case. But Watson knew he was one of the few individuals who ever got to see his true being. One that was full of life, desires, and a enthusiastic giver in the ways of relations in the bedroom. And if one got to know him intimately, they were graced with his over talented melodrama in the art of sentiment.
“How did I get here?” John wondered as his hand brushed against his head trying to sooth the mild pain radiating there. “I knew I was tired but I would certainly remember if I went to my own flat. Let alone someone else’s. Wait…no. I didn’t I was on the street and..”
"Me? Heaven's no I just own the property. The flat share is for Sherlock. He's just up on the next floor."
"But you're not his friend." The woman's words hit at him unexpectedly and he turned back to face her. "He doesn't have friends. So who are you?"
The man shut down John's phone and handed it back while Molly brought the mug over to him. Taking the hot beverage he couldn't help but do a double take at the awkward woman now standing there. This would be John's first time observing this strange man. What was it that this man saw that no one else did?
“Ah. That would be the other feature of interest.” Hooper drew the group’s attention the hand of the bride, lifting it up to show them his findings. Holmes and Watson bent down for a closer look.
"I must say that is a first! Quick in thought and in honesty. Not concerned or repulsed that you may be sharing a flat with a Felisian, but that I may have poisoned your tea because I ensured a death sentence. Interesting I must say."
"Well, obviously I can, um, straighten things up a bit." The younger man instantly started to try and tidy up.
“What is it? You haven’t spoken since you arrived home. Work has made you flustered. Slight perspiration on your brow line suggests you have some anxiety weighing on your mind and equally exhausted judging by your gait as you came in. But knowing you, you thrive in the action, so it can’t be the A&E….oh!” Sherlock’s eyes lit up in realization.
There was no point in arguing with Sherlock about how he had just packed up his life and brought his things here. He agreed to this and now here he was. Suddenly the warmth of the bath no longer felt inviting but more of just another psychological motive on Sherlock’s part. Take a warm bath, relax, and welcome to your new home. That’s all this screamed. Calm your victim. Make them more compliant.
"Lumos." The lamp turned back on and John suddenly sat back up, flipping open the folder again to the young detective's page. "What exactly was you poking around in? How did you even find our case?" He skimmed his finger down through the page as it rested on his destination.
John looked across the road to the second camera perched on the corner of a building, which was also pointed towards the phone box at him. And on cue it too swerved away from him towards the other direction.
So sorry it has taken me a hot minute to update! I have been non-stop working at my job and its been crazy. The only times I have for writing are in the middle of the night and sometimes I have productive nights and others not so much. But without further ado here is chapter 3. It took me awhile to figure out how I wanted to piece this together, but if some things sound odd it will because they will be explained and/or revealed in later chapters.
Not only was Sherlock technically murdered and turned into a dark being, he had struggled against his assailant, tried to fight back and get away.
"You know I always enjoyed a good story. Especially full of mystery. Tell me of all your adventures."
"Which was it – Afghanistan or Iraq?" The man repeated, still typing away. The man briefly raised his eyes to John's. His cold blue eyes meeting his for that split second before flitting back to the phone made him feel like he got struck by lightening and it rather shocked him before he realized the detective's question.
With that Mr. Weasley left and John noticed how he too had a limp. Perhaps Mr. Weasley was right. Perhaps it was possible to be normal again.
Satisfied with the answer Sherlock continued on to the main hallway. He instantly spied a cleaning cart and quickly approached it.
John came to an abrupt stop as he neared the landing of the stairs and turned to face him again. This time his face was tense. A secret nerve had been struck.
“Good. Makes for unnecessary chit chat.” He picked up John’s briefcase and put it back in the doctor’s hands. “Now, come in.” Sherlock re-entered the flat, leaving John to stand there.
He most likely didn’t want money. Why would he need it if he was wanting to ‘relieve’ John of finance burden? He must want blood instead. His blood in leu of rent. Why else would he want to ‘relieve’ him of any financial burden? Why hunt for your food if you could have a live in snack? God, he would have to conceal bite marks, treat himself for blood loss, not to mention it would literally drain him.
Sherlock watched as John readied himself for work and slip out of the flat. He was safe now. At least John was from him. He hated to admit any type of weakness, but he was thankful that the doctor would be gone for the next twelve hours. Sherlock let go the arms of his chair that now had firm impressions in the leather from the death grip he had held upon it. Striding over to the draped curtains he pulled back the corner just a crack, enough to see John exit 221B and onto the pavement.
“Her room was scheduled to be cleaned at 6:15. And the last one on the list before they began cleaning the doctor’s offices. If I’m correct the patient made her escape on the cleaning cart hiding underneath in the lower compartment. Due to her small size and stature she could easily fit. She left on her own accord. The next question is why did she leave an institution if she did not feel safe. One would assume it was because she either didn’t feel safe with staff or the other patients.”
“No. Been quiet as a church mouse. Stayed in his room all day. And since he was out of the way I tidied up a bit. Though I found it odd he left a curtain open and had left a note in his chair to open the other one.”
“I am a particular man. A man set in his ways and have been for quite some time and I am not fond of repeating myself.” This time Sherlock’s eyes flashed back to John, the computer lighting making his pale features luminous. “So please, heed my words with care and take them to heart. If you do it will make both of us living here much easier.”
There should’ve been a thrum of a heartbeat. The lull of lub and dubs of the organ. The swishing of blood that was the driving force of life. But no matter how many times he adjusted his instrument or listened to a different section of the man’s body, it was silent. There was no airy intake of drawn breath to fill the lungs or and an exhale escaping them. In fact he was so engrossed in his concentration he had failed to notice that there was no rise or fall of the man’s chest cavity. The only indication that he truly wasn’t breathing at all.
In all of less than an hour John had been pulled off the street and rendered unconscious, brought to a stranger’s home, performed a medical exam on a vampire, and now was moving in. All to find out he had been prepping up for him, waiting for the right time to take action, even moving him out of his own flat.
With baited breath the doctor dared not move or even speak with the cold act of murder still hanging fresh in the air. He had feeling if he did he would set off the vampire and he would strike again. The next target being him. His eyes were glued on Sherlock’s form as the vampire tossed aside the man’s flesh he had clutched in his hand. Slowly, he turned to face John, the full horror of his actions painted on him in splash work on his clothes and across his face.
“If you ever catch yourself failing to stay away from or to try and…drink…from me, will you let me know?”
“But how does it all work? How do you walk around in broad daylight?” John asked as he switched off the television now fully invested in the conversation.
Popping out his magnifier he began inspecting her jewelry. She was dressing to impress. Her bracelet, earring on her observable right ear, and the necklace all check out as well looked after and clean. However, her wedding ring held deceitful lies and was absolutely filthy. Then again with the setting arrangement of the gaudy style one could see why she unhappily married. Most likely for ten years. He carefully worked the ring off her finger and held it to the light for a better look. Dirty on the outside, but clean on the inside. Yes, definitely lovers. She never wore it around them, regularly removed.
“What flat?” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “I had the liberty of moving in your things while you was at work today and your lease terminated.”
“No dates back to the flat and don’t tell anyone your a vampire. Actually those aren’t too hard to think of.”
The next few seconds caught John off guard. Instead of reaching the stairs he was suddenly being grabbed by the arm in a vice like grip and spun around. He made full contact that was the body of Sherlock as they were both shoved in a darkened corner and the taller detective hid the both of them. John dared not make a sound as he watched the face of the vampire turn lethal and eyes narrowed, looking off to the side. He followed his gaze and saw, not too far away, was a man.
“The victim here had a history of getting himself involved with the wrong kind of people. Apparently he owes a mob lord some money. And when he failed to make due this is how we found him. He tried calling police which alerted us, but there was no sign of a break in.” The Inspector briefed in the detective.
Sherlock is back in the game since the new blood supply has turned up. Perhaps its a little too good as John notices the detective dive back into normality in full force and a new abundance of energy.
John viewed back on what Sherlock had said. The case leading up to his change had cost a life. If he could bet any amount of money he would change his theory and say that it wasn’t Sherlock’s own life, but another’s. One that was close to him. One he couldn’t save. One he would kill for to avenge their death. The question now was, who?
"I know what your feeling John. I know it is nowhere near to what you experienced, but I was once attacked and left for dead by Voldemort's minions as well. It is an uneasy feeling. An uncertain feeling. Like the evening has fallen and you are not sure if the sun will ever rise again. But it does John, it does."
“Not the housekeeper.” John smiled as he mumbled her little saying under his breath and continued with his breakfast. “How long has she lived here?” He asked Sherlock.
Sherlock seemed to sense this conflict within John. He had not taken on any more cases for the time being. Opting as well to stay in and work on more menial tasks. But in their quiet day to day interactions he had taken the doctor’s well being into factor. He made sure not to startle him while he was around or move too fast for his eye to see. Anything and every action he did was carefully calculated so he did not bring John stress or ill feeling. He simply had to give him time.
He shook his head of these thoughts. No need to get caught up on things he could no longer change. Where the water lapped the shore line sat a boat. This would be his mode of travel to search for what needed. Sherlock cast the boat off into the water and climbed in, letting it take him into the foggy blanket on the horizon.
“Hurry along Graham, I’ll be behind in a taxi. There is something I must discuss with the doctor for a few minutes.”
In the three months they had been flatmates John had seen his fair share of cases. Though so far, as Sherlock had wanted it, they had all been mild mannered. Anything ranging from murders, burglaries, stake outs and kidnappings. A terrorist attack though? This was definitely going to make news. No matter how low profile Sherlock wanted to keep his identity out of the lime light, John knew he was going to be thrust into this head on. Whether it be a call from Lestrade, Mycroft, or Sherlock’s own curiosity.
Sherlock crouched down beside the corpse and ran his gloved hand along the back of her coat. Drawing it away it gave him his first clue: wet. Now to find out what secrets lie within her pockets. A single folding umbrella. Inspecting it with another stroke of his gloved hand he found it dry. The collar of her coat tells another story, it too is wet. A wet coat but useless umbrella? Why didn't she bother retrieving the item at her time of need? Especially decked out in her entourage. She would what to look well groomed for her lovers. Lovers? Yes definitely.
Sherlock's eyes flashed over to John who was now getting up and stretching away the stiffness his body had created from sitting in his chair for the past five hours.
“No rent if she could be my housekeeper,” Sherlock paused as he poured tea into a RAMC mug he had plucked out of the cabinet. Another thing of John’s that he had settled in under his nose. “Now I may not know how to cook, but I do know how to make a proper cup of tea.”
“It just seems like an oxymoron to me. You being a vampire and a detective. How do you handle crime scenes with the blood and all?”
“Whatever happened in Limehouse last night, I think we can safely assume it wasn’t the work of a dead woman.” said Holmes.
“Quite alright. We were finished all the same. I’ve been called out. Lestrade wants me to take a look at a crime scene.”
"I know it was hard for you John. I know that here lately you haven't been yourself. Perhaps you just some time off, relax, go on holiday.." Harry suggested.
“Quite a lot actually,’’ Sherlock admitted with a playful raised eyebrow. “Wiggins gathers information for me in the lower places of the city, I pay him for it, he takes his money, and gets whatever exhilarating drug he desires.”
"Is this your subtle way of telling me I'm out of a job? Don't get me wrong desk work is still as important but its…its just not the same. I need to do something. Even if it means quitting altogether and maybe going to 's as a healer. I doubt my leg will ever get better or ever have a decent night's sleep again, but I can't be confined to a desk. It will drive me mad."
"Quite alright. Its all the way upstairs I hope that won't be a problem. It's the last room I have. The poor man he's been needing a flat mate for quite a while now and…" dropping down her voice low that even John strained to hear her when she added "too prideful to ask his brother for help if you want my opinion."
“Oh Lord, now he has a colleague. How did we get so lucky?” Her tone turning to the sarcastic side as she put her walkie talkie to her face. “Freak and company are here.”
“I don’t know. I have an odd feeling. A deja vu. Like I’ve been here before, but I can’t have. I never been here. I know I haven’t”
A smile lit up on Sherlock’s face and he all but jumped out of his chair to go get his long dark coat.
“Come in John.” His voice beckoned him in and John timidly left his post by the door and entered the domain.
Actually it was more than amazing, it was downright bloody phenomenal! The way he had explained every little detail was so precise and formulated. He didn't just simply guess out of thin air, ask someone else for information or better yet read minds, he really truly saw! He read people like an open book quite literally in a sense, scanning their life story and acquiring the information he needed for his job. The kind of skill level he had must've been damn near close to putting MI6 to shame. Good God if the Auror's had the kind of talent he did they would be catching dark witches and wizards by the minute! And he was right. He was no amateur and he proved it very well.
"This one did. Will you come?" Sherlock hesitated for a split second before asking about who was on duty for forensics.
A man with lacerations on his body, bleeding profusely. He wouldn't stop screaming. He would need a blood transfusion from all the blood loss, surgery to stop the bleeding, but he would survive.
“Looking back on my behavior now, I see I may have overstepped my bounds…and yours. I do hope you do not hold it against me. Bringing you here and altering your life. It was never my intention to make you feel uncomfortable.’’
“But she can’t have been in two different places at two different times, can she?” The doctor questioned.
“Well, you see, this is part of the conversation that isn’t suitable for public ears and may put you off. I…am a vampire.”
John thought this was interesting. He wasn’t the only human living in the building. Why didn’t Sherlock tell him this last night? It certainly would’ve put his mind more at ease if he knew he wasn’t alone. Or perhaps it was more of a matter of Sherlock wanting John to trust him with his life that he had so maliciously set out to change.
John was grateful she didn't delve any more on the topic and decided to have a seat in ruby armchair, plumping the pillow that nestled in its wake. He had hoped to have a moment alone with the strange muggle. Ever since the night before he had met him he had an itching desire to figure out how exactly this man had solved the Auror's case. Even if it was breaching the secrecy of their world. But what really made him curious of him was how he broke down his "cover", one that was made up no less, and come to the conclusions he had. Either way he had to get to the bottom of it and he wanted to do it fast before he had a chance to set up a permanent residence at the detective's flat. No need of staying any longer than necessary.
," Sherlock shot back as he slinked past them both of them before adding in one final hit. "I'm sure Sally came round for a nice little chat, and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees."
"Considering the fact I haven't been able to sleep in three months its been great." His tone had a tinge of sarcasm along with it.
"Coming." She started walking back to the run down building before turning back to John. "Stay away from Sherlock Holmes."
“Is that how people in your family usually make friends? They just pick them off the street like vultures terrifying them half to death?”
"Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man's phone; never see a drunk's without them." He handed back John's phone, dropping it in his hands. "There you go, you see, you were right."
The ground floor was a total busybody. Officers were going about in plastic coveralls as they were met by the salt-and-peppered haired officer from earlier. Sherlock turned back to John handing a plastic coverall suit and he took it.
“Oh.” John let out a shaky breath he didn’t realize he was holding in. His shoulders eased up from the tension he had built up for himself. Another thought occurred to him. If he was a detective and a vampire, why not hunt the criminals? Then again did he really want to ask? Let alone how…no. A snorted laugh came from him unexpectedly.
Mike raised a hand in farewell as Sherlock disappeared out the door leaving a stunned John in his wake. All John could do was turn to Mike in disbelief.
"I was waiting for this call. Ha! He said this call would come! I'll let Mike know and we can start you out first thing in the morning." His voice almost sounded giddy.
"What about the message, though?" Lestrade pointed out, but Sherlock ignored his question and looked to John. Perhaps seeing the confusion on his new flat mate's face.
“I can not smell blood unless it has been spilt. Thank goodness the years of conditioning myself to this lifestyle has made me keep myself in check. If I hadn’t I would be a raving mad lunatic at the sight of a minor scrape.”
"Look at him, dashing about! My husband was just the same," Mrs. Hudson turned to John and gave him a once over. "But you're more the sitting-down type, I can tell. I'll make you that cuppa. You rest your leg."
“Let’s not dwell on darker thoughts shall we? It will give us both a peace of mind.” With that Sherlock turned on his heel and made his way down the stairs.
“Custodial staff cleans rooms on a regular basis I presume?” Sherlock whisked around heading for the door and stopped to inspect it, turning the handle from the inside and out. His brows scrunched together as he gave a sideways glance to John. John immediately picked up on the look the detective gave.
"Not at all Harry. And swing by the Burrow tonight. Perhaps we can all have a family dinner…Ginny will be there." He added in with slight hopefulness.
He had done it. Well, more like it was going according to plan. Since John had put himself on the top of the list of the vampire’s donated blood supply everything was back to normal. Actually better than normal. In just a day Sherlock’s deteriorating appearance had disappeared and was replaced with one of outstanding health. It was such a startling turnaround that John noticed he even had a pep in his step. In fact the doctor had awoke to find the detective humming and whistling a tune as he made the morning tea for him.
John was dumfounded. So, he was just an undead man that barely slept and drank blood for his daily diet.
“No! No. I mean yes.” Sherlock’s words stumbled again. “What I mean to say is that it was something not socially acceptable, but I was not…put off. It was…”
“Don’t bother doctor. Your gun has been confiscated. No need for either of us to have a nasty accident.” The man’s word’s had made John halt in his actions.
"Cup of tea'd be lovely, thank you." He grabbed at the newspaper that was on the arm of the chair the elderly woman had put down, flipping it open.
"I know you're an Army doctor and you've been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you've got a brother who's worried about you, but you won't go to him for help because you don't approve of him – possibly because he's an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp's psychosomatic – quite correctly, I'm afraid."
The vampire closed his eyes. A simple walk through his mind palace was all he needed to regain the memories of his once human life. Memories stored from long ago, not of violent ends, but of happier times. Times where he and his former companion would have meaningless conversations just as these at the dinner table, reminiscing of their cases together and their thoughts on life. Even though these were not those same times, the detective couldn’t help but merge the past reality into the current.
"Who cares about decent? The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!" The detective made his way out the front door, hailing a cab with expert ease as John followed behind.
"Victim is in her early fifties. Professional person, going by her clothes; I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Travelled from Cardiff today, intending to stay in London for one night. It's obvious from the size of her suitcase."
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief as he noted John’s retreating footsteps from the door. His hand loosened on the death grip he had on the handle just in case John had forgotten and burst in. He was almost entirely certain that he would have given the conversation he had overheard with Mrs. Hudson and the quick climb of the stairs John had made. He had been silently begging, praying that the good doctor wouldn’t tempt fate.
"Suppose. I personally have no aversion to the violin. I won't lie there are days where I can be lazy myself, but don't we all."
Not at all, my dear.” Watson tucked a finger under his wife’s chin. “We’ll be hungry later. Holmes, just one thing?” He faced his companion and looked briefly down at his clothes. “Tweeds, in a morgue?”
The first weekend with Sherlock had flew by and went without a hitch. John saw very little of him during the day as he was out procuring evidence for one of his cases and when he returned home he kept to himself, engrossed in his work. He paid John no mind whatsoever and John stayed within his own parameters. As Sherlock had said he was under no obligation to interact with him if he so chose. When the weekend came to a close and the new work week crept up, John really felt no different than if he was living at his previous flat. He was surprised in himself that he transitioned and was taking this as well as he was, but so far the vampire had done nothing to harm him and actually paid him little attention. Maybe he was being paranoid for nothing.
"All I have to say John is you will just have to see for yourself." He stopped at a door labeled 'LABORATORY'. "Just act casual. Your an old friend of mine visiting me. I'm just showing you around the hospital."
The first ambulances arrived and it was just as John suspected. Bloodied citizens, that had no inkling that this would be where they would end up, came in through the doors. Screaming, crying, saying a last prayer to God that they would make it. He had heard it all before
“I did. This is footage from the month prior to the incident and the weeks after. I’m looking for anything in particular that stands out.”
He knew in an instant from his stony look that he had said the wrong words. How little John knew that he was about to be undressed to the soul for the next five minutes.
John shook his head and he tried to hide the smile that was wanting to grace his face due to Mr. Weasley's explanation. It would not be the first time a wizard was totally fascinated by modern technology. When he was in school he often saw the pure and half blood wizards stare at him in amazement at the wonders of his pens. Something so simple.
“Please John don’t be dull. I can practically hear the grinding gears of your thoughts. No, I didn’t kill him. He was abusing and exploiting her. She said she would give me all the information on her husband’s drug cartel if she could live out the rest of her life peacefully. And now she does under my employment.” He folded back up his newspaper to its original state and set it on the table.
John had learned by now, very quickly in fact, when Sherlock made these short biting statements he was trying to hide something.
“Oh no, much more than that. I know quite a bit about you. I know you are a military man invalid from war. You haven’t been home long. I would say only a couple of months from the way your tan has barely faded and your hair recently started to grow out. The phone I inspected in your coat pocket is no cheap gadget. The man sitting here before me would not waste money on an expensive item if he is strapped for cash. It must be borrowed. So a doctor would lives in the costliest places in London, short on finances, surviving barely on an army pension turns down a flatmate? No offense, but if I was in your shoes I would take the help where I could get it.”
“You changed your story. You said she left on her own, but then switched it to where someone drugged her and she was taken? Why?”
The cab took them outside the city where it pulled up to a large institutional building. There waiting for them was several police cars and a crew of the Scotland Yard. A middle aged man came up to them as they exited out of the cab. The wind blew back his salt and pepper hair to reveal his stressed worry-lined features, but his face instantly found relief once his eyes set on Sherlock.
"They call this a laptop. Not sure why because it doesn't necessarily have to be in your lap to work. You press the button here and….," The laptop brightened to life and dinged "It comes on. They say muggles use these all the time for work or school. You can do just about any type of job on here from…calculating sums to making a letter, there are games you can play or even get on the "web". We're still not completely sure if the "web" is a real world or not.
John had to practically run after Sherlock who had longer strides and moved faster than he did. He approached the body first, circling around it as he put on latex gloves. Probably picked from the cleaning cart, the doctor figured. John couldn’t help but make note of the deep sniff Sherlock gave off as he crouched down beside the deceased girl and produced a small magnifying glass from his pocket. Blood soaked the ground everywhere and on the girl herself. John wondered if Sherlock was ever tempted despite his declaration of celibacy towards drinking from a body. To him it must have looked like a buffet table the way her body was cut showing off every available artery and vein.
A quiet night in was something John definitely needed. From the failed stake out attempt days prior the dust had yet to settle between him and the detective. Whether it was the fact that the suspect was now disposed of in a nameless grave or that Sherlock had caused said death; he didn’t know what disturbed him more. He understood the vampire’s reasoning, truly he did, and for that he was grateful, but he never expected the situation to blow up so quickly. Since then he felt cautious around Sherlock when he knew he didn’t need to.
