Moriarty was of course highly involved as well, but not with the bookkeeping. To avoid having to hear that sing-song voice over the line of the house phone, he used Lestrade to act as mediator. The expression on Moriarty’s face as he’d left John’s library still irked him. He wouldn’t speak to him, not for a while yet, and managed it rather successfully.
“I've got her engagement diary locked in my room,” Moriarty said, his eyes gleaming. Sherlock wondered if Moriarty had always intended to use such a thing as blackmail, or if that wasn’t Moriarty’s game. He thrived on unrest, but never seemed to act for personal petty gain. It was what made him difficult to predict.
“The menu displeased you, sir?” Moriarty asked, effectively sounding bored, but Sherlock detected an edge all the same. Moriarty was a bit put out after all.
Once his level of embarrassment had gone down from “wanting to die” to “really wishing he hadn’t done that”, John read on.
During meals he was allowed, even encouraged, to speak at length about his deductions of the other diners and past mysteries he had solved from the papers. Watson was a rapt listener, and frequently complimented his process and conclusions. Watson would interrupt him only to nag him to eat.
“Is that what they are?” John asked, sounding pleased about the scenery being admired.
“I think you’ll find that Sherlock has a tendency to follow you everywhere,” the Royal Wizard interjected, “regardless of whether it’s in aid of anything or not.”
“As if you have nothing else to say! Surely I’m not so boring that there isn't anything new for you to notice,” Watson said, with a bit of a mischievous look in his eye.
John waited for the kid to leave, and then, as discreetly as possible, hung up on the sex hotline that he had not at any point interpreted.
“That’s fine Doctor,” the Colonel responded. “We just need to know the events of the session. Was there anything that occurred that might have led to Mrs Watson’s actions later that night?” Colonel Barclay asked, despite David’s minor protestations at the continued assumption of suicide.
“By your own admission, it’s your first time with a man as well. Would that not go both ways? While I have technically bought you dinner, it was over a week ago. Is there an expiry period after the purchase of the dinner? Besides, today you brought me two packs of biscuits, though I suppose that makes me a cheap date.”
He can remember his voice with absolute clarity, how it would change volume and tone at random and sing out like a children’s rhyme. Most often with a taunting reminder to him of the late Mrs Watson.
“Okay, all right,” John said, processing this new information. “A home with many doors.”
“Do you have any idea what time it is?” John asked in lieu of responding, feeling the need to at least feign some displeasure at being woken up.
“Right,” John said. “Sorry, who’s Mr Wilson?”
The dog is dead.
He placed it on his side table, and fell asleep facing it.
Sherlock seemed to relax, or at least enough for him to quip, “And who’s he?”
Then there was the roaming castle out on the moors, which had at first been mistaken as belonging to the Witch. It had since been determined that the owner of the ghastly mobile home was none other than a wizard by the name of Holmes, who was viewed by many to be far worse than the Witch.
Sherlock’s eyes closed tightly, a wholly pained expression overtaking him before he could suppress it. Against his own better judgment, he turned to John. He appeared devastated, though that at least could be interpreted as a natural reaction to learning someone had purposefully sabotaged his wife’s boat.
Secretly, he adored deducing Watson upon request.  Perceiving clues from Watson’s appearance and accessories was like solving a puzzle game he had already completed many times – a fun pastime, and not overly straining.
, Sherlock,” John mumbled, rubbing his face, “do you ever sleep?”
Sitting in the chair was a man in an impeccable suit, who didn’t so much as look up from the newspaper in his hands to greet them. Three young men with hair slicked back against their heads were fussing with a trolley of desserts next to him, and were waved away when John stepped into the room.
“I’ve never thought of anyone else, I’d never let anyone else,” he murmured. He meant every word, and the breathlessness wasn’t an act - but he was hoping to prey on John’s possessive streak, to remind him of his fury from earlier that evening. John practically growled. John kissed his mouth, his chin, his neck, nipping at his collar bone.
“What about them?” Sherlock asked dreamily, arms splayed out around them, and a dopey smile on their face just visible where it was pressed against the sofa.
He needn’t have bothered, as John never returned to the room.
This was essential, for they were called upon often. People who lived in the same area of the county came to see them in droves, the goal of the visits transparently for the chance to gather gossip on the new Mr Watson.
“Lestrade,” John declared, looking up brightly, “What is it?”
“Archie, what do you have for me today?”
“I’m just thinking, would a sociopath be doing this sort of thing in the first place? High functioning or otherwise?” John said, motioning to the partially dangling street criminal.
“The baby,” John stated. “Well, that is, her pregnancy. She told me she was pregnant.”
He hurried upstairs, and immediately slid on his new white suit. He fiddled with the blond wig till the hair was just right. The wig was shorter than his own hair, but had been waved in a way that he felt he could pull off, despite his dark brows. Admiring his work in the work, he couldn’t stamp down the thrill of it - they weren’t going to recognize him at all!
He could feel his lips pressing together tightly in an effort to not respond as he continued to descend the stairs. Why did Moriarty insist on following after him?
“Are you going to tell me what this thing is?” John asked, expecting he already knew the answer.
John walks through the living room to peer down the connecting hallway, which extends past the other entrance to the kitchen, a door on the left, likely leading to a washroom, and an open door at the end that looks like another bedroom.
“Me! Well, this one could make himself useful,” Wilkes said, gesturing to him. As it turned out, it was possible for his face to redden further.
“John, there’s something I’d like your... input on. No matter how long I’ve thought on it, the answer still remains somewhat unclear to me.” Sherlock spoke in a hushed tone, which was at odds with the formality of the request.
“This is ridiculous,” John said, speaking over the loud knocking, and not for the first time. He was trying to read by the fire, to no avail. “Sherlock, you’re being summoned at every place of residence. You will need to respond at some point, surely.”
Impulsively, he tried to articulate this desire out loud. Telling Watson things usually made them better.
Sherlock is never, ever taking the tube again.
John hadn’t fully looked back at him once.
“Sherlock, this is really too much,” Mrs Hudson said.
He considered never returning.
A woman dressed in a black suit and white shirt appeared at John’s right. She handed him a note, served on a silver salver.
“I thought this was fairly straight forward,” John said, arm raised. “We’re stuck in here, unless you change. You can’t change because you haven’t fed. I would have thought the solution would be obvious.”
Alternatively, just send a single cryptic message—‘don’t get involved with the serial suicides’?
“An old man?” John asked, touching his wrinkled face. “You’ve made me into an old man?”
Sherlock finished the rest of the mini-bag so fast he almost choked, and tossed it before heading into the toilet through the ensuite door. The noise of him moving about was enough to hold John off, for now.
“Sorry, what?” John asked, not sure he’d heard that quite right.
The poacher shrugged, though his hold on Sherlock tightened.
human man, was he?”
“I didn’t when we first arrived,” Sherlock said. “Too little data. But I noticed a marked change in her demeanour between when she first greeted us, and later in the evening. She must have checked the drawer in between.”
to lure the thief into an attempt to steal again, relying on the thief’s greed and belief they could get away with it.
John knew he should have found Sherlock’s belief in their omniscience not on, but there was something about the petulance and over the top manner that John found strangely charming.
Sherlock opened his eyes drowsily. “I didn’t mean to accuse you of duplicity, John. I just want to make love.”
He considered the situation.
Everything he had kept to himself, that he thought he could hide from John, he could feel coming to the surface. Like the sea he could just see a glimpse of through the window, the waves of his dissatisfaction were at last reaching the shoreline, and foaming as they hit the shingle.
“Irene,” John introduced, as if he had not just learned her name minutes before. “She’ll be… staying with us.”
Once John came to a full and complete stop, he was on his back with the wind blown right out of him. After a moment of gasping in his helmet, John tested the injury by moving his left shoulder, only to discover that it hurt,
“I wonder why you felt that so keenly John, if the two of you were barely in contact with one another at the time,” Sherlock continued, speaking quickly and with one brow raised. “And yet, you knew for certain that he would come to your
Sherlock barked out a laugh and nodded. But first, he held out his hand.
John reminded him.
“Have a good evening,” John said, before he was completely obscured from view.
“Ready?” John asked, laying out the supplies on the table. Sherlock nodded, motioning for John to perch on the chaise lounge. Sherlock stood to wash his hands while John poured the boiled water into a bowl, along with the instruments from the kit. Gladstone proceeded to get in John’s way, attempting to get up onto the couch with John to lick his face. They spoiled the dog tremendously, but letting him up on the furniture at the moment just wouldn’t do.
“She used her housekeeper’s name,” the Colonel provided as way of explanation to the Doctor. John stared ahead, face ashen. Sherlock felt his numbness begin to recede, fear replacing it, slipping in through the cracks in his armour.
, John responded, and then did as he was told.
John gestured to Mike.
His friend had laughed at his overreaction. “Projecting a bit aren’t you, mate? And you don’t even have genius as an excuse.” John had laughed along with the joke at his expense, well in line with the usual digs they all engaged in. Besides it was true, he was a loner—always on the outskirts of a group, never best pals with anyone. It took one to know one.
He searched his own memory. “He handed you the cutlets without giving you the plate,” he said.
The Colonel was now looking at David. Sherlock continued to appear somber, but felt like beaming.
John was being personally victimized by a newspaper article. Well, technically a tabloid article. A tabloid article that had been strategically left on top of his traveling bag, the only thing he’d returned to his suburban home to retrieve.
“The curious incident being that Mr Wilson claimed he left his home at seven, and returned at ten. Ergo, if the ever vigilant Ms Hammersmith didn’t see him, Mr Wilson never left the house.”
The terrifying aspect of spinning a story and of having the power of being the storyteller was that everything in the article was essentially true to events, besides a few small inaccuracies to embellish them, but the truth read like a shocking scandal. They painted John as quite the rake, a man with no honour, taking home his “young husband from France” (as Sherlock was continuously labeled), to the home he had shared with his late wife, whose body may have been lying at the bottom of the ocean this whole time.
“There you are! What the hell are you doing going up early like that? Also, and this is kindly meant, really you know it is, but you were a little too forward tonight. You completely dominated the conversation, I can’t imagine what Watson must have thought.”
the man repeated, of course focussing on the compliment.
Only once he was in bed did John realize that despite their renovation, Sherlock had not made an additional room on their floor.
Magnussen’s look could only be described as predatory. He was being assessed, not as a person, but as a body. He half expected to be told to do a turn so Magnussen could see the back.
John thrusts back, then sniggers. That’s—that’s got to be the least sexy thing you could possibly—
His hands moved faster than the eye could readily follow, but John had grown used to his speed, and the signs Sherlock elected to leave out.
Beneath his breath, and well out of hearing of the servants, Sherlock said, “I’m very much looking forward to our evening’s entertainments, but perhaps we should discuss a few practical matters in your study before settling in?”
“And, did anything happen that night? Anything out of the ordinary? Hear anything, maybe?” John hopes that Sherlock will be gracing them with his presence again some time soon.
Sherlock was slower to draw away after the second attempt. Sherlock’s eyes had drifted closed, and when John’s lips finished their movement, they blinked open, dazed as if waking from a long sleep.
The man groaned, loud and long, and slid further along the chair. With his arse not in view of the camera, John could only see his back muscles moving as his glutes started to flex.
“Yeah,” John replied, easily. “You’re—
“John, that—um—that thing you did…”, Sherlock stammered, still holding the 3D printed gun, and now rubbing it against the back of their neck.
> Oh, I bet you could.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, voice empty, and barely audible over the alarm. “I took the in-ship Hudson bot to the charging bay. I wanted to see if it was different on the inside from the others.”
It was finally sunny out. It was rather wrong of the world to be sunny, now that John had left. Almost like a natural impossibility.
> Nice try :^) When and where are we meeting, and why?
Dumbly, he shook his head. “I haven’t had the pleasure,” he replied, his voice scratchy from disuse.
John kept his hand on the door knob and his eyes on the tiled wall behind Sherlock’s torso. If John had allowed himself to look, he might have noticed the flush spreading up Sherlock’s chest to his face, and Sherlock hunching his shoulders while nervously fiddling with a bar of soap.
John might have questioned Sherlock’s use of “our”, but rather found he liked the sound of it, despite not providing anything to the investigation so far. Perhaps noticing John’s blank expression, Sherlock paused with his knuckles an inch from the door. He rotated towards John, and with a deep breath, explained.
However, John reminded himself, Sherlock didn’t even know it was a kiss.
John turned in his chair. “The Witch did suggest I come, but I wasn’t sent. I’ve come here—that is, to you—because I have a curse, and I want to know if it can be broken.” When there was no pause in the fiddling, “Your landlady mentioned you might find my case interesting.”
> Don’t be shy. Tell me your superhero name.
“Thanks, but I think I’ll take it from here,” John said amiably, slipping past the Anderson routing bot and stepping into the inner ring. John took great joy in disabling the shuttle bot that had attempted to hold him back from Sherlock, with Sally helpfully pushing it back towards him whenever it tried to escape the bot formed circle.
He knew Watson was just trying to make conversation with a taciturn younger man, but he was still stunned by his request. He pretended his lap was exceptionally interesting for a moment while he gathered his thoughts. His father was special to him in a way he wasn’t certain he could articulate.  He didn’t know how to resurrect the man over lunch in a dining room to a stranger in Monte Carlo.
Edgecoombe? He had been there once, when he was seven. It was a big place, with a pier, and donkeys. He made a flicking gesture with his wrist. The donkeys weren’t important.
And if he slides into the last car on the north end of the platform, the same car as yesterday, maybe he just likes that it’s closest to the exit at his destination. Sherlock quickly scans the car, and if his eyes are searching for a short man with ramrod straight posture leaning on a cane, what of it? Studying him had been an enjoyable way to avoid the tedium of transit.
The man’s mouth did something odd in response.
“I can,” he insisted, though he couldn’t. John was right, and there was no guarantee. Tomorrow would either settle the matter forever, or ruin them.
The next time John received a call on the bridge, it wasn’t from Greg.
While John had known it was coming, he hadn’t read a paper in a week, and was still surprised by the news. The warships hanging in the Kingsbury sky would be on the move now he supposed.
> And now I’ve made you repeat that you hate repeating yourself. Sorry ;-) Feel free to elaborate on what a consulting detective is.
“We were never friends. Please leave now,” he said.
“Someone who is trusted, someone who goes unnoticed in a sea of people,” Sherlock murmured. “That way you won’t attract the attention of any more rowdy soldiers.”
Janine, wearing the ‘Sherlock Holmes’ hat, beamed up at John.
John waited for Sherlock to continue. He did not.
John felt vindicated. He’d always known the illustrations were rubbish.
“Hello, John. Allow me to be direct. Have you found anything?” the man asked. His smile was stiff, intended to be unpleasant.
, and he wanted to be closer somehow, always closer.
“Yes sir, that’ll look lovely!” she said enthusiastically, leaving with the flowers and a secretive grin on her face. What an odd girl.
He blinked, once long, and then multiple times in quick succession. “Since when do you call me Sherlock?”
“You know France well, don’t you Mr Watson?” the Captain asked, looking at him in a way he wasn’t sure he appreciated.
It was a lovely body, but Sherlock really was too thin. He needed to take better care of himself. John would have to nag him to eat more, and to get more sleep. In this vulnerable state, not running about or focused on his work, Sherlock’s soft, sleeping face appeared drained.
“Either you accept my help, or you will have to leave this place for your own safety,” Irene said, near gloating, no longer playing nice. “And if you leave it, everything you’ve built here will be destroyed.”
When he arrived back at the flat several hours later in his more human form, his cheeks were still tinged pink.
“What did you do? It’s not going to crash, is it?”
Sherlock blinked.
Why did John not want him to go, and why had he sounded so urgent? Or rather, frightened, he realized. John had sounded frightened.
Sherlock drew away from their crowded arrangement on the chair, and began to ready himself for bed, with John taking the cue to follow suit. They had an early morning and long a day ahead of them.
He would not have a final meeting with John at all. He would attempt to bottle the memories as he said he would, and they would be untouchable and unchanged. The only way to do so successfully would be to not ruin them by prolonging the inevitable.
John had never noticed the book of poems was missing from his car. Surely that meant something. He was moving on. But still a little voice nagged at him – whose name was on the title page?
John took a step forward, and the man tutted. He proceeded to press so hard against Sherlock’s throat that the gills John hadn’t seen since the first day he had met Sherlock reappeared, flapping rapidly, taking in large gulps of atmosphere.
He left with an almost irrational urgency, wanting to be out of the place. “Gladstone!” he yelled once out the door, and at last the dog came into the far-gone garden. He tied the string around his collar as efficiently as possible with stiff gloved hands. They were going to return to the other cove and find John.
And so, they had transitioned from notoriety at Manderley, to obscurity in a small house in London. Their new address, 221B Baker Street, was quaint but well located. They were in the midst of the bustle of the city, but with the reprieve of a quiet, warm space that was not unlike their cozy bedroom in the East wing of Manderley. They no longer had any need for the full staff of servants John had once employed. As luck would have it, his long ago contact Mrs Hudson had returned from Florida to London following her husband’s execution, and was happy to offer herself as housekeeper to the pair of gentlemen. With her mother-henning and immediate fondness for both him and John, it went without saying that she was infinitely preferred to their previous housekeeper.
“As I was saying,” Sherlock persevered, “not a psychopath, but the other thing where you also lack empathy. So, moving right along - "
“You mean to tell me that this whole time you’ve been waiting for me to –“
John sighed. He should have known better. “Where does that leave us, then?”
“I suppose,” he said.
It was this light that drew his attention to a morocco case laid out on the dressing table that had not been there before.
Though Sherlock had successfully concealed the county paper from John that first morning, he was unable to prevent John from catching sight of the photographs of Manderley sprawled across the front pages of the papers from London in the following days to come.
“You’re definitely right about one thing, if he was here, he’d have figured something out. Likely all of it by noticing some minute detail– “ John abruptly stops.
“And what might your theory be?”
> No, no, that’s not what I mean at all. The questions are fine. Besides, I like chatting with you.
“Mrs Stamford?” Watson mouthed, just as the lady stepped past the edge of the opened door.
“Good Lord, is he a God to you?” Watson asked, unperturbed. “While you play that role with us.”
” Sherlock asked, uninterested in the rest of John’s self-sacrificial speech. All this time, they could have been together, fully together - the idea of it was dizzying.
“It’s just a cold,” John said, but still reached for the stethoscope in his leather bag to be thorough.
“John went up to Edgecoombe to identify her,” Lestrade said.
“No,” John assured. “No, of course not. I’d trust you with much more than this.”
A theory built in John’s mind of who might have stolen Sherlock’s heart, as the ache in his chest returned in full force.
“Watson, you’re a real card. In any event, I’m of course faithful to Monte –“ Wilkes proceeded to launch into a tirade about his constitution and the English winter, asking Watson if his rooms were large enough, if his valet was good enough, and other such asinine things. Watson continued to appear uncomfortable with questions that made any reference to his wealth. This was... intriguing. Watson was the epitome of fortune and class, but was traveling without help or company - a straightforward man of simple needs and creature comforts. Watson also continued to observe him from the corner of his eye throughout the rest of the conversation. He refused to look up and return the gaze, wanting to avoid any further loss of face.
A useless exercise then, which had done nothing to calm him. Sherlock held two fingers to his own neck, on the side away from John. His pulse was racing. It didn’t sound like the right rhythm for the heart. He wondered if a heart knew to fear the prospect of losing its keeper.
“You’re perfect,” John whispered, regardless. “God, you’re so good.” To dispel the tension, and to make fun of his ridiculous words, John teased, “No wonder you’re a sex guru.”
This resulted in the first incident.
The primrose and the hyacinth! Honestly, John.
“But if you were going to start,” Sherlock continued, eyes shutting tight, “you would obviously start at the front.”
“I’ve never…” Sherlock trailed off, leaving John to fill in the blank.
After sliding down the side of the closest crater, and into its substantially deep pit, John didn’t see another part of Mike till he climbed up the other side. John began the arduous task of collecting the bot’s pieces, and storing them in his emptied kit. When the kit filled, he returned to the scouter to unload, and then went back out once more.
> Urgent?
She paused again. “I dare say he’ll get over it in time. Of course, it’s only natural at first.”
“Shut up!” Sherlock cried, cheeks pinkening. And as John had earlier suspected, it really was his colour. “They were—
Wilkes introduced him with the usual dismissive wave in his direction, with the visitors more than happy to take the cue not to engage. He continued to sit in the lounge chair, bored, but now with his feet placed firmly on the floor. Tedious.
Watson snorted. “Reasonably sure, Holmes. Unless you suggest I’ve misplaced her.”
“Are you—? You’re serious,” John said. The hand that wasn’t on the doorknob rubbed at the side of his face. “You’re really suggesting that….that you’re…”
Despite his attempts to walk faster, Moriarty kept pace, practically pressed against his elbow.
“I suppose I’m glad you think that of me,” John said. “Would you like me to tell you?”
True to their word, he was dragged down from his horse, his top hat tumbling off in the process. Once on the ground, he submitted to their manhandling, for a spell. When the smaller of the brutes attempted to divest him of his tailcoat, he snapped his arm in towards his side causing the man to fall forward. This placed him at an ideal height for Sherlock’s elbow to connect with his jaw.
John’s elbows pressed against his thighs as he rubbed his hands over his face. His tone was no-nonsense, and his face was lined with concern. The guilt that Sherlock had felt by the time of his second wake-up returned full force. Anxiousness roiled in his gut.
Metal along the lane? Possibly the radiator of a car. He shaded his eyes, and confirmed - there was a car mid-way along their drive.
He imagined the morning room would have similar trappings to a library, and maybe wouldn’t make much of a difference. Incidentally, he hated the room on sight. The only redeeming aspect was Gladstone, who was there waiting patiently for him. Even the dog knew he was meant to be in the morning room.
John snorts.
Sherlock kissed with their whole mouth, as though they didn’t have any idea what they were doing, but were fully committed to giving it their all. It was heady being on the receiving end of it. Meanwhile, all four of Sherlock’s hands couldn’t seem to get enough of touching him, and wanted to be everywhere at once. While cupping John’s face with one palm and the back of John’s head with another, Sherlock’s additional arms wrapped around John’s back, stroking his shoulder blades and spine before trailing down to his bum, and using the hold to drag John in even closer.
“You,” Sherlock said, accusingly, with eyes narrowed. “You, John Watson, are truly unbelieveable.”
John trailed off, watching the movement in Sherlock’s neck as they swallowed. If nothing turned up, John imagined they would ask for him to return soon, but it felt callous to say it.
He could hear Wilkes already. How sweet of Watson to have taken him out while Sebastian had been indisposed! God though, entertaining a young thing like him all day, every day – was he sure it hadn’t bored Watson to tears?
“Pah!” In the face of Watson’s disgruntlement, he laughed, delighted. “In any case, I might suggest you not make vows to such a woman, if only for the sake of my continued existence.”
“Right.” John after that sat down without so much as a grumble, a very different reaction than when Sherlock normally bossed him about on case-related work.
Lady Norton wasn’t the only one who could act a bit scandalous during afternoon tea.
After being embarrassed and caught off guard, he felt the need to return the favour.
Watson rose to the challenge. “I wonder if I might ask you a personal question, Sherlock, now that we are on familiar terms.”
“Is it?” Sherlock asked, not really seeing how. Perhaps it was John not knowing that it was him beforehand. Hmm. Maybe he had overstepped.
“I’m sorry.”
Sherlock looked up with a tight smile. “John! Breakfast?”
“If you don’t mind John, I’m just finishing up in here,” Sherlock said, as if they didn’t mind in the slightest that John had walked in on a rather private moment.
The most interesting person on the train, Sherlock concludes. To be fair this man would be the most interesting person in any train car, any room, as a war hero with a psychosomatic leg injury.
John sat down as directed, easing his back against the plaid throw blanket. John hadn’t ever really focused on what furniture Sherlock had owned, but he certainly didn’t remember there being another armchair in the novels. It was rather cozy he thought, with both of them sitting on either side of a lit fireplace. Quite comfortable.
“I know,” Sherlock choked out. They both did. “The requests would not have stopped at Manderley.”
Sherlock always smelled nice, but John noted the scent was stronger at his wet scalp after a wash. Reminding himself that he was meant to be looking, John strained his eyes, and could eventually make out a soft touch of ginger, just along a few strands of hair at his roots. It reminded John of the colour of his own facial hair, whenever he went too long without shaving.
“I mean, I don’t want it to be like this,” John clarified, which did nothing to help.
And of course Sherlock kissing him by accident, even though they hadn’t understood it, hadn’t helped John banish those thoughts. Not in the slightest.
The towel dropped from John’s hands.
“What?” Sherlock asked. “Starting all over again? I’m sick of hearing everyone else’s thoughts on the matter, thank you.”
Well that settled it. He was definitely being made fun of.
In response, Sherlock narrowed his eyes, before flicking John’s ear, hard.
”That you’d never let anyone, before,” John said, mouth getting ahead of his better judgment. “That you would be like this, but only ever with me.”
It also happened to be the most fun he’d had in years. If he was honest, possibly ever.
Once his breath was back, John went in to find Mike, but Mike found him first.
And so, by the time the word “wife” had passed from the Coroner’s lips, Sherlock had gasped once and then, to all outward appearances, fainted in his chair. The gasp was repeated by all in the audience, previously in reaction to the question itself, but now focused on him. John immediately turned backward and rushed to his side, catching his frame before he slipped from his chair to the green oilcloth. John’s voice rang out through the ensuing din of the courtroom. “Will someone please take my husband outside?”
> Shit, no, that was genuine. Sorry. :-). There.
Amidst the giggling, after both had enjoyed the insufficient wash up that the cloth offered, Sherlock turned on his side and asked, “What was the name of your girlfriend? She used some terrible pseudonym online.”
John hauls himself up off the floor, and moves straight for the front door, through the kitchen, his hand on the knob –
He waited for the other shoe to drop, and when it did not, he waited even longer as he was convinced that eventually what had just been said would turn to sense in his mind. He wasn’t sure he had heard that right. In fact, he felt certain that couldn’t have been correct.
Feeling impossibly dirty, John slid his slicked finger further along Sherlock’s perineum, before traveling along the crease currently pressed against the seat of the chair. Sherlock drew in a shaky breath above him, holding perfectly still as John’s finger pressed gently against his furled hole.
John laughed, and Sherlock seemed even more pleased with himself than before.
“No,” he repeated, beginning to regret his decision to chase after the dog.
Do you want me to stop? John asks. It’s best to check, John never knows what will offend him. Little things can set Sherlock off, and they can bring the narrative to a halt more screeching than Sherlock in a bad mood on his violin strings.
Watson was chuckling. “Not a fan of the police force? I see it’s hard to earn your good opinion.”
They’re all shut and latched from the inside.
He had the intense desire to turn on his heel and escape this situation, but he was frozen in place. He wouldn’t run from Moriarty, and he wouldn’t show he was bothered. He watched Moriarty’s eyes, even though they were unsettling.
Sherlock felt hot. Available for what?
There was something about Watson’s declaration that itched beneath the surface of his thoughts, attempting to climb to the forefront. He couldn’t put his finger on it, nor did he find he wanted to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Unable to sit up, Sherlock looked at him from the corner of his eyes, as John sat back down. “A chat? About my well-being, I suppose, and how I’m poisoning myself. Entirely unnecessary John, as I already said while I was attempting to return to Baker Street, I don’t need it any more.”
John went to the ship’s bridge to receive the call, informed by the Hudson that it was not in fact part of a spaceship’s function to hold people on the line for him.
_________
The Captain was clearly distraught from performing his role as messenger, but luckily did not seem to be drawing any conclusions that he would voice out loud. “All we know sir, is that the body is there, and I’m sorry Mr Watson, but we’ll have to report it. I apologize for dragging your names through the papers once more, but there’s no way to get around it. I realize how difficult this must be on both of you, with the two of you here, settling down together, and then this has to come in -”
“Optimistic,” Sherlock muttered, and John chuckled in response.
“For money?” John guessed. “And now they won’t be able to change back, into who they were before?”
“You’re awake!”
Rather than delivering a sharp comeback, as John had come to expect, Sherlock slid their arms back into the sleeves of the coveralls, and zipped up the front. Their cheeks momentarily matched the blue of the fabric, with gold freckles shining dimly underneath. “It helps me balance better,” Sherlock said, their chin tipped up, allowing them to look down their nose at John.
pointedly (for his therapist’s benefit, clearly).
“It hasn’t,” Sherlock rushed to say, and then paused, feeling wrong-footed. “I’ve omitted the truth, yes. Lied, no.”
“Christ! How the hell does it keep getting in?” John asked the room at large, his ragged breathing beginning to even out.
You know, John says to his pillow, I don’t think this is helping you sleep.
One morning, John caught Sherlock on the sofa in the living room, having pushed the books onto the floor, with his flamboyant coat thrown over top of him as a blanket.
“You’re from the outer reaches of another galaxy then, one of the areas where humans have managed to intermingle,” John concluded. It would have been almost impossible to start the journey from anywhere else, but Sherlock didn’t confirm or deny. “What’s it like there? Sort of like a zoo, but where the animals are also interested in the humans?”
“Why the hell would I do that?” John asked, with half a mind to take one step and be seven leagues away. “You cursed me, apparently! Remember that?”
But, perhaps this Murray was harmless. Perhaps they would find Murray, and it would turn out to be no lead at all. Perhaps it was just a man who sold stockings and powders, and the Colonel would find the whole exercise ridiculous, and leave this behind with the firm belief that accusations against John had no real backing.
“Damn,” Sherlock said, brushing at his long green skirt. “There’s always something.”
“Watson killed her, what does it matter about this Murray?” David scoffed, at the end of his rope.
The author had always described Sherlock as meticulously dressed, curled hair tamed, and thin enough to give the impression of tallness. Underneath the restaurant’s dim overhead light, John could see dark hair framing a long face with pale eyes, and a bone structure that drew the eye.
Sherlock chuckled at that, a soft, deep sound, which John hoped to hear more of. “Quite right,” he said, with a lift of his eyebrows, but not his eyes. His chopstick tapped the top of a dumpling, before pushing through its thin, perspiring skin.
“Right.” Sherlock drew his left leg up, and twisted himself around. He hunched his back and allowed his head to fall forward.
No, he would force them to. There was no law, no holding cell that could keep him from getting to John. He’d make his brother pull strings, even though he’d never called on such a favour before and would detest it. But even if he was allowed to see him, if John was found guilty, it would not be a simple matter of visiting him in prison. John would be hanged. His mind, his terrible, wretched imagination capable of drawing up possibilities with frightening accuracy normally so helpful to his personal interest, now only disturbed him. John, hanging by his neck, a bag over his head, reduced to something else so that people wouldn’t see who it was they were taking away from him. John’s blue eyes still open beneath their covering, and only he would know.
“Shall we save this for later?” John asked with reluctance, squeezing his knee in affection.
Instead of reaching for his lap, the hand visible to John drifted beneath the white sheet covering his torso, and touched his own chest. It was a light touch, the fingers of his hand just skimming across the top of his pectoral muscle. The movement pulled his sheet down, revealing more skin to John’s now very attentive gaze.
He lay absolutely still on his side, holding his breath. John’s hand began to slip lower along his chest.
“We will wait a few more minutes so as not to be conspicuous, then slip out.”
While they waited, the man rested one finger against his upper lip with the other lower fingers dangling against his chin, twitching with impatience. For a nude man lounging about in what appeared to be his living room, he didn’t seem to be particularly relaxed.
“As you might have noticed if you’d been
John glanced up at the entrance to the shuttle, assuming the poacher to now be dead. John found he felt no remorse.
“John, I don’t understand,” he said weakly. Sherlock didn’t understand because it didn’t make sense. He had misheard him. He had misheard John, and this was a
Annoyingly, Gladstone apparently intended to complete the full circuit of their last trip, and had begun climbing over the rocks to the other cove as soon he arrived on the beach. The dog at least had the decency to look back at him, urging him to follow.
No, he decided, likely not. Wilkes lacked any kind of subtlety, and would have said so outright.
John Watson had loved Sherlock Holmes for as long as he could remember.
He would have agonized over those thoughts for longer, but continued to be interrupted by Wilkes. “Where the hell have you been?” Wilkes asked, while wildly gesturing at the incoming staff, directing them about the room in preparation. “We’ll need at least three buckets of ice, delivered in exactly two hours – Oh, God, put the glassware to the side! – Have you honestly been playing tennis this whole time?”
“Is that a no?”
“Sherlock, if it’s me that you’re worried about, don’t be. I promise that whatever is happening down there, I am too far gone to care.”
> 'Cause people have noses, and they’re supposed to be people’s faces. Do the kids not do them with noses anymore?
Luckily, John Watson was not that man.
The man’s hands were large, his fingers long and slim, which added an extra sense of flurry to the already fast motions. Even with all his recent practice, John had trouble keeping up.
John was very pale. There was discussion. It was obvious to him now that there would never have been any pretence of considering that it could have been another person. They all knew it was Mary. This would have come out eventually, the real question was whether the true nature of her death would as well.
Watson needed to pause before continuing. His voice was very low, just barely audible.  Speaking personally was almost a physical struggle for the man, but he fought through admirably.
“Yes. I saw the bots from afar. They were easily avoided, but I thought perhaps they were powered by something I could use for the ship.”
> Right. Are there more case studies?
“Sod this!” John yelled, barely giving Sherlock another glance. “I’m going to go find the Hudson’s bot.”
“Meaning I don’t think you’re capable of real, intentional harm or cruelty,” John said, as if stating anything else. “Unless, of course, everything up till now has been a lie.”
John had gotten rather good at helping with the spells, usually with the parts of them that were obvious, which Sherlock’s windy mind had a tendency to overcomplicate.
> I mean how you suggested the partner be warmed up.
John was silent, still looking apprehensive, so Sherlock tilted his head back further in a plea for more finger-combing. John obliged him.
He heard the band play a quick tune with the fiddler announcing “Mr Watson!”, with a flourish he appreciated, as he walked forward onto the landing. As he stood at the top of the stairs, he felt one of his few genuine smiles growing across his face. He was practically giddy, the excitement of unveiling his costume buzzing through him as he descended the stairs.
“Ow!”
The awkwardness that had never been present before would settle in, strangers to each other in their last moment. He would have to smile of course, maybe make a joke to hear John laugh. He’d deduce a new patron of the hotel at the other end of the lounge, and they’d have a laugh at the expense of a stranger because they were already strangers to one another. He’d say “Well –“ and wouldn’t know how to continue. Likely they’d shake hands, as men do.
“You want to give me a lift?” John asked, and the bouncing seemed to increase in pace and enthusiasm. With his leg causing him a great deal of discomfort, John wasn’t in a position to refuse.
Having Sherlock Holmes lead him up the stairs into his home at 221B Baker Street was something akin to being at a theme park. The illustrators had at least gotten that bit right, it seemed. There was a knife through the mail on the mantel, a hastily assembled chemistry set in the kitchen, god only knew what in the fridge, cigarettes stuffed into slippers, and the walls adorned with skull paintings—not to mention the actual skulls. It was the home of a true eccentric.
“Spare me the details then but tell me what happened. It was in the house, wasn’t it?” John asks and knows for sure this time that he’s right.
A different man might have been frightened to learn that the reason was an unknown creature destroying the equipment, and that he and the creature were currently the only two living things on the planet.
John felt a bit like laughing. Sherlock was texting out his thought process. John really had stumped him, unsurprisingly, if the man was stalling.
“We’ll have tomorrow night as well,” John continued. “And they’re less strict now, they let you see people. It takes some time to -”
“What did she use the cottage for?” he asked. “It was furnished, but from the outside appears to be a boat-house.”
“There’s a rumour in Market Chipping. That you eat hearts. Though, you don’t seem to be eating that one. You didn’t take that from a girl?”
“Oh my god,” John said. “Have you...?”
With three final circular movements of his hips, the man’s whole body stilled, and then shook. In a hoarse, deep voice that sounded punched from his lungs, the man shouted,
“Lovely, and I have to be the one to supply the entertainment, why?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded, strangely shy given that they had performed a rather marvelous trick. Normally, they would have been crowing their success, and asking John to join in.
They would hear the sound of wheels on the drive, and the bell ringing out once, and in unison he and John would announce, “Visitor.” He would deduce the arriving personage based on the sound of the tires, and if given enough time, their shoes clicking in the entrance hall. His conclusions were always confirmed by the cards delivered to them on a silver salver. John would muffle his laughter into his fist. “Stop, they’re almost in -” John would choke out, before they would assume their assigned positions, in their pantomime of the obliging, newly married couple.
The day of his introduction to the Happy Valley was an anomaly in many ways.
“Yes.” He hated repeating himself, but the third time was supposedly the charm.
Which was good. Feeding was….something. Important.
“Kingsbury door,” Sherlock called out, and their living room was at last bathed in light.
Magnussen was blank, expressionless. Moriarty looked like he wanted to put a gun to his own head out of boredom. Sherlock supposed they had that in common.
Archie was off like a shot, and Sherlock began to throw miscellaneous items at John from different shelves, and asked him to read out different passages from magical texts to him. Mrs Hudson passed in and out with her spoils from the yard, and Archie returned with leather, laces, and dye, before racing out again.
“This wasn’t just a social call, then,” the Witch commented, though there was a growing fear in her eyes. She didn’t attempt to retrieve the pocketwatch, as if she knew it would be a futile effort.
“Clearly,” he said, trailing after her. He had a feeling Lestrade had been roped into that by her own cunning suggestion.
Dammit.
“Come off it Jim!” David cried. “Mary and I were together, on and off for years. She was in love with me! Tell them!”
“You never told me,” John said, his voice unrecognisable to himself. “You never told me which you preferred. For warm-up.”
“Nonsense. You’ll have to see her when I send you over with the fruit basket.” At John’s blank stare, Sherlock explained, “To thank her for introducing us.”
“Is this a compliment to the day, or to my driving?” Watson asked rhetorically, and really did laugh this time.
John climbed back in. He had already well learned that when Sherlock said jump, he jumped. And when Sherlock said ‘drive into unknown territory on a planet in the depths of space with me’ John just simply—well, did.
“I wasn’t aware you could buy that sort of thing," Watson said, appearing thoughtful. "Sounds a bit like the slave trade."
With his heaving back still turned to John, the man reached down to the floor, and the sheet was tugged back on. Inch by inch, all that lovely skin was covered, till the man saw fit to turn around and sit properly in the chair.
There was another door ahead, and he believed he knew where it led.
> Till the next question?
“There’s been messengers milling outside the door looking for Wizard Sigerson,” the boy, Archie, said. He ran up the steps, and then slammed to a standstill, staring agape at John.
There was something so final in seeing the car leave, as if he might never see John again, even though he knew John would be back soon.
“I’m absolutely positive, he was fast asleep on the rug when I turned in,” she says, nodding towards a rug on the floor near what looks to be a closet and the door to a bedroom at the other end of the living room.
Third: Mr Wilson’s arm, which while not as thick as a tree trunk was still nothing to scoff at, swung towards Sherlock.
“Some,” he evaded, looking to the side.
Sherlock looks almost shy. John is now the one completely flummoxed.
“The Queen’s guard are on their way to Sigerson and Vernet’s shops now.”
The answer must have been something he could piece together with the information provided. Additional clues, hints that Moriarty had left all along. Moriarty’s immediate and alarming interest in him, his resentment, his manipulations, all culminating in his attempt to convince Sherlock to commit suicide. An enemy of Mary’s, an enemy --
Once they were further in, two paths appeared before them in a clearing in the woods. Gladstone raced ahead, choosing the right path without a second thought. “Not that way,” John called.
True to Lestrade’s word, they weren’t called by the reporters again. Rather, they waited. The inquest date was only a few days later, which seemed to simultaneously take forever and come too quickly. Sherlock busied himself by eavesdropping on gossip - hearing what they said in the kitchens, and having to infer from it what was likely said on the estate, at the lodge, and the farms. He imagined worse was spoken of them in Kerrith, but he didn’t have the means or interest to investigate. John and Sherlock largely remained at the house, not even venturing beyond the gardens when they were outside. Everything was too close to the sea, and that horrid little cottage. They were both tense with it. If at night they slept too close, practically clutching at one another, he told himself it was purely due to their new openness with one another, and not because the inquest was at 2 o’clock on Tuesday afternoon.
“Compatibility.” A light bulb above John’s head lit up with a ping. “You were telling me you didn’t think I was compatible with my girlfriend.”
The clicking and the whirring threw John entirely for a loop. It suggested the creature was robotic, and yet, they looked almost human.
“Well, don’t look so enthused. I thought you hated Monte. You thought it was all facile and superficial. Christ, you even said so to Watson, God knows what he thought of that. “
John came down slowly, still pressed along the line of Sherlock’s back long after. John eventually thought to gently pull Sherlock away from the wall, and led both of them over to lie on the sofa, where perhaps they should have really started. They collapsed in a pile of loose limbs, both soaked from Sherlock’s secretions, and completely satiated.
Unlike the other bots, Anderson was flashing an amber alert, making it easier to find. Otherwise, the bot looked no worse for wear. Anderson had still been able to return to the dock, despite its dysfunction.
Lady Norton hummed, and he could hear her on the other end playing with the phone cord.
“Would you stop that?” John was still shouting, and he didn’t seem impressed at all, even though Sherlock’s flight path had been one of his better executed figure eights. “Sherlock, be you again, right now! Sherlock!”
“I’ve had a thought,” John said, perhaps finally taking pity on his frantic attempts. “Why not shape shift? It’s that, or one of your feline friends.”
“What?” Sherlock’s chin must have been against his chest, his head had dropped so far. His voice was softened, almost groggy.
“Yes essentially,” John confirmed. “It was just like all those questions you asked me the other night, and going over all the same ground again. You were right, he questioned me incessantly, and it was bloody aggravating. Thank you, by the way.”
“Does your mobile have reception? I’m at zero bars. It’s that, or we just have to wait here till the Yard somehow finds us. ”
John also almost mentioned that it had made Sherlock look too thin, emaciated even, which had set off all of John’s caretaker instinct alarm bells. John wondered if Sherlock could tell he’d thought it anyway, in the same way Sherlock seemed to know other things.
Wilkes began eating with renewed vigour, wanting to get dinner out of the way. With sauce dripping down his chin, Sebastian directed him, “Be a good chap, go upstairs and find the letter I've just received from Mike Stamford, and then bring it back down.”
But he didn’t care to dwell upon the previous afternoon. He couldn’t shake the feeling that outside of this room, everything was a part of Moriarty’s net. Even if he went outside, Moriarty could be watching. There were so many empty rooms, not just the West wing - all the areas that had once been occupied when John’s parents were alive. He understood there used to be significantly more entertaining, and more servants. Hard to believe, but this Manderley was a downgrade from its previous livelihood. It would be easy for Moriarty to slip into one of those empty rooms and peer out from behind the drawn curtains. He felt certain Moriarty had eyes and ears everywhere.
With their pact and bandaging finished, John poured himself a nightcap, as Sherlock went for his violin. His previous one had been lost to the fire, but it had been in bad shape to begin with, and had been replaced with a far superior instrument. Mycroft had at last trusted him with their father’s old Stradivarius, the only convincing he’d needed being witnessing John and him together. His brother had apparently found them sickeningly infatuated and settled with one another, and grudgingly conceded that Sherlock was possibly made better by the arrangement. To Sherlock’s immense satisfaction, Mycroft had even admitted to deep regret at ever leaving him alone with Sebastian Wilkes. Mycroft would however not budge on the idea that keeping him in the dark about Moriarty and Mary had been for the best -- he and John had been equally unimpressed by this conviction.
“No,” the builder repeated. “I don’t think that boat could have capsized. Not even in a bad storm.”
“You lied,” Sherlock Holmes said, as if it was a matter of fact, and more to the point, as if they knew one another.
At this, some of the concoction Sherlock was mixing escaped over the lip of the bowl, splashing onto the table.
Sherlock flips open the journal to reveal a single pressed red flower between the pages. “A red dianthus,” Sherlock says.
“I know how dreadful it must be for you, with me cooped up in here. You must be so horribly bored.”
“But I’m not being polite,” Watson insisted. “I would like you to have luncheon with me. I would have asked you to, even if those flowers hadn’t done you a personal disservice.” Watson had the gall to wink at him.
without her. He tried to run away, to forget all about it, and he found a lost little kitten. He even brought it home with him, out of pity, thinking it would fix everything. But now he’s ashamed, ashamed of being so weak. Every day he has to look at you, and knows he failed her. He’s reminded of his inconstancy every time he sees you, and you feel it, don’t you?”
Also, in case anyone is curious,
“She’s deaf in her left ear, John,” Sherlock said. “In any event there was no need to bring her all the way upstairs, her case has already been wrapped up. Don’t you remember? I sent her the details in the mail. Old ladies like that kind of thing, don’t know why.”
John continued to cut into the ham, still not meeting his gaze. Was the man being deliberately obtuse?
Stepping between the control room and the charging bay, John found each rectangular bot currently in-house at their designated charge stations, the soft green lights in the top right corner of their faces blinking in silence. The bots resembled roaming boxes when at work, using caterpillar tracks underneath them for traveling to save on energy, but which could retract for hovering when necessary. Admittedly they didn’t have faces at all, but John couldn’t help but see the system status lights as little eyes peering at him as he walked through the bay.
The Watson created by his subconscious had been rather true to the real man, except for one large divergence. He dreamt that Watson had looked at him with care and genuine interest, rather than with kindness and pity.
The hard, sardonic person who had cut into Wilkes that first night was nowhere to be seen in their day-to-day adventures. Watson felt like a friend, a friend he’d known all his life, but had only just met. He would almost have called him a brother, but didn’t like to. That label itched, not unlike a bandage left too long on a wound, perhaps because he was not overly fond of his own brother.
The decision was made. He would send Lady Irene a sketch of the portrait in the morning, not entirely trusting her to know what he wanted, even if she did already know his measurements. He was more than a little excited for the upcoming party, and of course, John’s grand return to being master of the old Manderley once more.
“Yeah, that’s actually what I wanted to talk about." John's voice was lowered when he spoke again. “The other thing you said before we left. What did you mean, when you said you knew what Moriarty was going to do next?”
John, stunned, still manages to choke out, “Well, up until a certain point you mean.”
“Noted,” Sherlock said. “And I can’t read the minds of others. I don’t need to. I simply observe, and that tells me everything I need to know.”
A small card slid underneath the door. And then the sound of feet, and another object (cane), retreating, muffled by the hall carpet. He bent down to retrieve the card, curiosity mounting.  He opened the envelope and read:
“I never said anything, did I?” the man asked.
“Our fears are the same,” John repeats, and damn, maybe the house hadn’t been haunted but that psychic had been strangely on point.
“Enough,” John pleaded, when his patience started to wear thin. “Enough Sherlock, please, I’ve already told you everything I know.”
“God, I love you,” John whispered, sounding as if the words had been wrenched out of him. “I love you, so much, more than I even know how to say.”
“What do you mean?” John asked, feeling uneasy.
the man repeated.
Archie sighed, rolling his eyes. “You just know! And with tricky spells where you write your own end, you can do anything you want! If you do it right, it can be very powerful.”
“Don't you?” Magnussen asked, with a look that suggested Magnussen knew all about the smoke break he’d had earlier in the Happy Valley. Magnussen didn’t press him further however. He slipped a cigarette between his own lips, and lit it.
“ – the, the time? Oh!” Sherlock cried, and had the decency to look sheepish. “Oh. It’s. Right, it’s late, you were, oh you were sleeping –” Sherlock babbled.
He knew that beneath this window was the stone terrace. He could visualize where each individual flower pot would be, but he couldn’t see anything beyond that cloud of sea air. He wasn’t tied to anything, not this place, not to this life. The only thing grounding him was the pressure of Moriarty, along his back. If he did jump, he wouldn’t see anything. The stone wouldn’t rise up to meet him, only the pure driven white of fog. The anguish he felt, the cold pit in his heart, it could all soon be over. He would do anything for John. If John wanted to be alone again, with his memories of Mary…. He heard John saying that they should have never returned to Manderley, John calling after him, not wanting him to go their cottage. A man in John’s position could never divorce. The only way out of an unwanted marriage, logically, would be in death. If that was what John wanted.
John comes hard and wet. He sits still, breathing heavily, feeling his mess seeping through the fabric.
- but he couldn’t have been less immersed in the proceedings. He noticed everything, and absorbed nothing. He watched distantly as Robert dropped a tray and Molly helped him clean it up, with Lestrade groaning behind them. Lestrade, moving through the sea of faces, acting as another host, brandishing food, drink and cigarettes wherever they were needed.
John looked at him oddly, his confusion only growing. “He didn’t tell me anything about you -- if anyone was going to be getting slandered, it was me. He asked me what my
Sherlock took a look at the papers for himself to read the articles in full - one of them needed to know exactly what was being said about them. “John, don’t bother yourself with these people,” Sherlock reminded him, eyes lowering to where the article said it continued on page ten. “Focus on preparing your statement for the inquest.”
“Hey, hey, I didn’t say that.” If Greg is trying to placate him, it doesn’t work.
“Brother?” John repeated, though his comment went ignored. He looked between them with new understanding; there was a certain similarity in their airs.
“Hudson, are you there?” he called through the connection, and over the noise.
“Go to John then, if I can’t!” he cried, turning to move up the stairs if that was what was needed. “Just don’t leave him in the care of his sister!”
Sherlock snorted. In a murmur, “Thank you for that. Your assistance was greatly appreciated.”
What’s behind the wall then? There are parts of the old wallpaper that have come loose. John starts to pull them off in pieces.
John’s misplaced guilt was not what Sherlock had wanted to trigger. “That wasn’t your fault, John,” Sherlock stressed. “And I won’t let anyone hurt us, not any more. Not when we’re—together.”
Sherlock’s lips slid upward at one corner, as if trying smiling for the first time. It was sweet, John thought. Endearing even.
Despite his dwelling, he hadn’t rested properly in days, and did eventually fall into a fitful sleep.
Sherlock squirmed in his chair.
“Don’t forget,” the Hudson’s voice chimed out. “Your next food ration is in 3.4 hours!”
. I - I got it wrong.”
John’s first attempt at entertaining him on a rainy day inside was with card games for two, which didn’t go quite as well as John might have hoped. (He couldn’t help it if the games all had rules that were
“His wife, of all people!” Watson exclaimed, still shocked.
Was that a dig at him? Because, for a fact, he wasn’t lonely at all – he preferred solitude. And Watson could take his sympathy and companionship elsewhere if he thought otherwise. He only wished he was brave enough to say so.
John supposed that had answered the question of the digestive system. There might not have been anything in the crotch area when John had first seen Sherlock, but now it was evident Sherlock had something that at least resembled a cock. Perhaps another appendage, that could appear and disappear like the arms.
“I suppose we can’t all be as dedicated to our pastimes as you, Harry,” John grumbled.
“For Sherlock, John,” she said, and John’s hackles rose. “You won’t understand this, but right now he needs me as much as I need him, if not more.”
As music and dancing continued beyond their door, his tailcoat was shed, and his waistcoat opened by skilled hands. His own hands were useless, grasping at John’s epaulets and holding on for dear life.
Since the great success of their first shared bath time, John had made repeat appearances, though not in the tub itself. Sherlock bathed while John sat on a stool behind him, washing his hair with gentle fingers. It was their bolthole. They could both finally relax for the first time in days.
A man burst through their door, breath heaving from his lungs, the telegram Sherlock had sent clutched in the man’s large hand.
John’s laugh in response was more like a giggle. John, as it turned out, was the perfect height to place slow, soft kisses against Sherlock’s neck just above his cravat. He was also the perfect height to place kisses below his cravat, as became apparent when John loosened it.
Fingers spread wide, John settled for stroking over his backside in slow, small circles. His thumbs skirted outward, dipping down into the crease, and without yet taking a peek, warmed the sensitive skin. With his right hand, John reached under.
John forged on. “I know why they haven’t recalled the bots on BAK 2212, even though they must know by now the base here is a waste of time and resources.”
“That’s fine dear,” she replied, smiling blandly.
Someone stop him!” a woman’s voice rang out.
At this, John was let loose from Sherlock’s grasp. With a yell, John was deposited onto the second floor landing of the pub, legs still moving through the air as he crashed into the side of the building. Even with the wind knocked from his lungs, John rushed back to lean over the rail, but couldn’t see anything in the sky besides soldiers flying in open-seated planes.
Sherlock was through the window and on the lip of John’s floor lamp before he knew it. It wasn’t a conscious decision; he just felt the need to be closer. At this distance, he could discern John was in REM sleep. He watched the movement of John’s eyes beneath his lids and the movement of his chest, almost unnoticeable beneath the sheet.
“Well, it’s been well marked. This is our answer. She went to London evidently to see this Murray, whoever they are.”
Sherlock’s hand stilled on the door. He felt his body, testing his boundaries, and finding the strength he had available to him lacking. No, it was definitely not possible.
That’s not—that is not right, John says. That’s not why— John cups Sherlock’s face, then, two fingers beneath his chin. Look at me. That’s not true.
“Of course dear, we’ll have a lovely time,” Mrs Hudson replied. “And you and your man need the alone time - I understand,” she said in a loud whisper, patting his cheek to his absolute mortification, while John cleared his throat loudly in discomfort.
John lifted his face with a hand beneath his chin, and took his face in both his hands once more. The bags beneath John’s eyes seemed endlessly deep. He looked exhausted from the strain of an unknown exertion.
For those of you unfamiliar with Rebecca, as a heads up this chapter in particular differs from the book quite a bit (it's also not recommended you scratch at the surface of those plot changes Too much lol). Just the epilogue left to go, which I hope to have to you in a week ! thanks to all you for still sticking around, xoxo
At last, the servants reappeared. The ornament was found beneath the desk, as he had guessed.
If he were being rational, reasonable, he could see why John would be hesitant, given John’s character. Even without John’s emotional baggage, their relationship was in its infancy. Perhaps due to his youth and lack of experience, he was being given time to know John fully before trusting John with more of his vulnerability. He would have had a greater appreciation for this if he hadn’t been sure he trusted John within moments of knowing him. And it also didn’t mean he had to like it.
John always told him he should apologize in these situations, which might be enough to calm John down. “I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, a question mark almost hanging at the end of it.
for your viewing pleasure, a
“What
“Well. What have you got?” John asked. Presumably hearing some options before picking was the done thing. His nude friend on the video call, currently watching John like a hawk, certainly wasn’t offering any suggestions.
Sherlock’s mouth twisted, in constant movement for several seconds, though no words came out from it.
Lestrade had returned to join them, and John caught his eye. Eventually John nodded his head. “Better bring him in I suppose,” he said, resigned.
“Don’t you
“That’s fine,” John told the castle. “I’ll just take the back door.”
The tea going cold was soon to be part of this tradition.
The smile is still firmly in place by the time Sherlock reenters the bedroom.
They were all shown into a drawing room which attached to a room further back, likely the one used for patient consultations. Murray scanned their small group again, confusion still obvious, prompting Colonel Barclay to initiate their discussion.
“So. What were you going to be occupying yourself with today?” Watson asked, in place of his silence.
“Did he intend to kill you?” John asks, his teeth set on edge at the very thought of it.
“Is that why the black blob henchmen were after you?” John asked, thinking of the conscription again. “The Royal Wizard is rounding up all the witches and wizards?”
“Oh, John,” Sherlock replied, tone veering into condescending. “No one made me. I—”
Except—hmm—a
He fiddled with the phone in his hand for a moment longer before typing out, slowly, with one finger:
John turned, just as the Queen walked into the room. On instinct, John bowed low from his waist.
This was true, and he agreed but — “The servant, Robert,” he said. There had been someone upset in the process.
“No, but—you know. Explain.”
Sherlock rose from his chair and climbed over their coffee table, John stepping aside just in time to avoid a collision.
To be safe, John added in a bubbling soap from a bottle he knew he hadn’t tampered with, till the water was opaque with suds.
It sort of sounded like how you’d speak of. Well. A hero.
“What is the problem Sherlock?” John asked, voice raising. “I can take it. Or is that just an excuse? Is it something to do with me? You only feed on people who went to Eton?”
Really. To be precise, an unknown villain was slathering the celery with something unsavoury, like peanut butter. The cheese, partially melted on its left side, rolled out from the cupboard above to land on the knife, sending it careening through the air—
He looked amongst all of them, focussing most of all on John. John was completely frozen to the spot. Harry and Clara were still staring up at him, but Lestrade was also watching John.
Moriarty’s expression was remarkably similar to the one Moriarty had worn when he’d dropped his gloves from his pocket.
After two turns down similar styled hallways, they entered a study with a greenhouse attached, the opposite wall of the room constructed of glass with iron supports. The room was unfurnished aside from a side table with a newspaper folded over top of it, and a leather armchair levitating half a foot off the ground.
“If you find anything not to your liking you’ll tell me?” he asked.
“Are you not feeling well, sir?” Moriarty asked, stepping into his personal space. He took a step back, most certainly feeling unwell.
Unfortunately Sherlock’s sickness has clearly only just begun, as he is once again on the same train as John. (Which he can now call him. John, John, John). It’s been several maddening days since he’d managed to see him, and Sherlock feels immediate relief when his eyes fall on the light grey head of hair in the crowd of people.
“You can take it from here, right?” John asked, hopeful. When Sherlock’s catatonic state continued and Sherlock’s head almost slipped under the water, John sighed, lifting a flannel.
John, unmoving, leveled her with a hard stare. “Have you come to put a spell on me?”
John didn’t quite know what to make of it. “Wasn’t just about the doing,” John said, not wanting to scare Sherlock off with his more explicit thoughts, even though Sherlock
Sherlock actually did sleep quite often, but in naps taken in the living area rather than during the long hours of the night which John associated with resting. Sherlock had certainly never come into the sleeping area while John was asleep before, and John had just assumed Sherlock didn’t have any interest in using an actual bed. “Actually, honestly I don’t care, just don’t watch me do it, okay?”
“Look, someone’s obviously getting into the house somehow, some way. We get these sometimes. Neighbours get sick of hearing a barking dog all the time, finally snap. Mind you, they don’t normally knock a guy out when returning the dead body but well, I live to be surprised. “
“You’re the one who wouldn’t look at me!” he cried. He was breathing heavily, gasping in the circle of John’s arms which continued to hold his forearms loosely.
They walked up the stairs together and into the hall, silence settling over them once more.
with his hands before.
“A potential client came in and wanted to smoke, what was I supposed to do?” Sherlock asked. “Aren’t you always saying that I should be more
Sometimes, after John has gone to bed, Sherlock will crawl in next to him. This, John doesn’t quite know how to interpret. He would be more than happy to sleep in the same bed every night, if Sherlock is interested in sleeping, but he always turns his back towards John, and John isn’t sure what it means. He only comes when he thinks John is already asleep. John wants to reach out to him, but does the turned back mean it would send him flying from the bed?
John was going to have to pay him a visit to let him know—just as soon as he was done having a quick wank in the gents, and writing his letter of resignation to the video relay service.
This ball was looking better and better.
As if summoned, Robert appeared behind Moriarty in the doorway, looking between him and Moriarty nervously. “Sorry to interrupt sir, but the county paper is on the phone asking for you, what should I tell them?”
He disliked mentioning Manderley for the third time that day, and hoped this would end the request for deductions. There was a territory of Watson’s past that felt unwelcome to him, and that he did not want to examine. Fortunately Watson seemed to have been expecting the reference to his home, and did not react.
It’s a soft panic. A gasp, a heaving chest. A bare foot braced into the small of John’s back, jittering across his spine. A nose sniffing at the nape of his neck, though it isn’t so much smelling  as it is breathing, and too fast at that. A fingertip, running over his eyebrow against the grain, pushing till all of John’s hairs stand up on end, across his forearms and legs and chest. Nothing gives him goosebumps like Sherlock checking to see if he’s really there, as if John’s the one who likes to give dying a go and then come back when it doesn’t suit him. Not that it’s the resurrections that John minds.
So, begging him off was out.
All John needed to know was whether Sherlock had seen the fourth suicide—the pink lady.
The man hummed. “You’re rather loyal quickly.”
If this was meant to make him less mortified, it failed miserably. But, he did finally lower himself into the seat at Watson’s table.
, in silence. Nothing could have been more surreal.
John whips his hand back in alarm and covers his mouth.
At the mention of Watson, he jerked minutely in his reclined position in the chair.
John’s mouth tipped up on one side. “By all means.”
Moriarty’s eyes never left his face as he spoke, his expression amused, like watching a dog do a trick. Moriarty then began to clap.
Despite his new appreciation for the outdoors, it would be some time before he would get another chance to enjoy it. The weather continued to be wet and cold for almost an entire week, which John assured him was common for the early summer. The benefit of this was that John seemed to spend more time with him indoors. John still had boring things to do, but the diligence he needed to see to them had waned, indicating John had obviously neglected the estate for many months before and while he traveled.
It was only a boat store. Here were the ropes and blocks he had originally anticipated, and with luck, he found a ball of twine.
If the note implied in any way that Mary had been pregnant….
“John’s had a lot of sun,” he said, attempting to be droll for their audience. “A tan can cover a multitude of sins. You should have seen him having breakfast on the balcony, trying to get brown on purpose. He thinks it makes him better-looking.”
“Yes, that’s typical for when a body’s been found.”
Stamford led them into his home, large enough for entertaining the small assembly planned, but not many more.
The least boring email we’ve received in recent times.”
He should have found this reaction surprising, but the praise overruled all other thought. He couldn’t help but preen in response. While he had trodden over discretion by mentioning Manderley again, he had successfully avoided saying the phrase that he knew without investigating was truly reproachable to speak in Watson’s presence -- Your wife.
Sherlock became ‘himself’ again, as demanded, adding more flourish to his return to the ground than was perhaps necessary.
“You have four arms,” John commented, elbow deep in the bot’s front compartment, “and I suppose not a single one of them is going to help me here.”
John laughed, and realised he couldn’t remember ever having laughed this much in his life.
Sherlock then reached down and grabbed John’s hand, returning it to where it had been groping him before.
The Coroner’s patience had officially run out. “You have no further comments Mr Watson? No thoughts to put forward on the meaning of all this? No thoughts at all?”
“See John, I just looked up ‘Sherlock Holmes book’, and nothing!” A phone stretched out towards him, the small screen showing exactly what John had already confirmed when he’d done the same search. “Why are you making up stuff about us as kids? Did you also hit your head or something?”
“You told me I couldn’t blame you for being like this,” John said, tapping the other armrest with his index finger. “Sort of suggests there’s someone to blame.”
Sherlock’s hands over his arse squeezed until John was flush against their body and, likely unconsciously, Sherlock began to grind their hips against him in small, needy circles. John grunted at the motion, the act almost innocent in its unconscious desperation, and rocked his hips back to meet theirs. He told himself to focus on Sherlock’s lips, to not make them self-conscious, even as he felt the front of his own coveralls begin to dampen from the leaking cock rubbing up against them.
Sherlock tilted his head, and raised one brow. He’d sorted it all out. He was sure of it. Moriarty had hated him when they’d first met in place of his brother, of course, who controlled much, much more within the government than he let on. It was logical. There was no other possible connection.
John, ever conscious of his alien companion growing tired of his constant presence, chose to not follow after them. The Hudson bot brought him his tea ration, gently placing it on the tray next to his arm chair.
No, he’s a doctor who chose to go to war – he’s a true thrill seeker. Likes a bit of danger. Likes the danger to be happening to him. And his leg. He misses it. He must miss it terribly. Would he enjoy solving crimes? Not that it mattered.
John only had to wait a few seconds before he was connected with the actual hotline worker, who left no doubt in John’s mind as to whether he was a twink.
She reached out to pet him, but Gladstone seemed a bit put out by the comments on his weight.
The snarky, demanding arse from earlier was entirely gone, and John was growing very fond of who was left in his absence.
“Don’t answer,” she said, “of course I can see it.”
“Must we?” he sighed, and then more firmly, “We’re not going that way today, so you might as well come back.”
Eventually the diver resurfaced, and was returned to shore in one of the grey motor boats. There seemed to be a commotion amongst the several circling boats, and discussion occurring between them in the cove. Some of the sailors from the ship had returned to the shore to hear of the news, and there appeared to be animated talk. The moment he recognized a blond head with a cane walking into the group, he immediately pushed the binoculars back to their owner, and climbed back down to the shore.
Greg sticks his hands in his coat pockets, shrugging his shoulders. “Maybe he crawled out of a window?”
“The entire collection is to die for,” she commented airily. “I bet it all fetches a pretty penny.”
“I’ll take that as a ‘no’ then,” John said, smiling tightly. Trying to find the humour in the uncomfortable situation, as always.
Sherlock stayed in his turned position, and watched as John began to work himself up to say something, in an attempt to once again be
John didn’t even know if Sherlock was working on breaking his curse at all, which should have bothered him more than it did.
“He’s almost forty, and he looks it. And do you honestly think you’re so mature? I suppose, in some ways,” he said. Wilkes was eyeing him now in a way he never had, as if Wilkes had missed something about him before that now required searching for. The inquisitiveness of his look was decidedly unpleasant.
John feels like a dam finally breaking, kissing upwards into Sherlock’s mouth just like they had the other night in the house. He licks in between his lips, a kind of kissing he had previously rarely been brave enough to try with Sherlock, and Sherlock opens his mouth with moan.
Archie had already jumped down and was running to the closet where the boots had been wrapped in parcel paper.
Once he had filled several vials, he remembered he wasn’t alone. Watson had not disturbed him in his work at all, which he appreciated. Watson did not seem to overly mind being ignored. He had wandered away from the car, limping much closer to the edge of the cliff.
‘Watson thought you were abominable, and he pitied me for being stuck with you’, he thought. Despite feeling spiteful, he remained silent, a talent he had mastered in his time as a companion. He opted instead for closing the door in Wilkes’ face. There was enraged spluttering from the other side, but he wasn't concerned about Wilkes. He would presume it was just his companion being odd, and would forget to be affronted, as he so often did.
John pressed, as lightly and as gently as he had been instructed, barely a graze, but insistent. He never allowed Sherlock a moment to catch his breath as he stimulate his prostate as methodically as instructed. The panting into the sheets was the best performance review John had ever received; John’s own air intake was thunderous in his ears, heavily breathing through his nose as he licked at the rim around his finger, which seemed to only draw him deeper into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s hips couldn’t seem to decide whether they wanted to press back into the finger or hump against the bed, and John couldn’t decide if he should ever stop, until Sherlock eventually found the strength to speak.
The ‘M’’s on the bedspread, and on the lingerie case, still shone bright in the low light.
This comment was met only with more silence. Perhaps John agreed? And who had been brought in? Magnussen?
The man approached the morning room in response. “Oh, remember me, do you?” the voice asked.
to actually overhear it - ” John said, before abruptly snapping his mouth shut.
John learned from the nurse that he’d been out for awhile; a bullet had passed clean through his shoulder. Three others were dead. John didn’t ask who they’d been, perhaps still too amazed that he wasn’t one of them.
When John gathered the gumption to ask, Wilkes denied any romantic association rather rudely. But John had already seen the way Wilkes had looked at Sherlock. It was, embarrassingly enough, likely the same way John had been. John decided Wilkes either wanted Sherlock and didn’t act on it, or was lying. Wilkes had reacted as if it would have been beneath him. A social class difference, John concluded.
John did not say a word. He allowed himself to be guided, unresisting. When they entered the clearing, difficult to see through the mist, he reached for John’s hand. He lifted it, and placed it against his own cheek. John watched him, his eyes so tired, and so deeply sad. He felt as though he were looking at himself from the night prior, all his feelings reflected back at him.
A hand touched his wrist. “You going to be okay, John?” Harry asked.
He blushed hotly.
?” Moriarty sang out, gloating and smiling once more.
“All right,” John murmured. Perhaps Sherlock was nervous? Or maybe he just sat like that? “Starting with the temples.”
Hmm, John says, with a smile that he cannot, and does not, try to contain. I think you might be right.
“You’ve done quite a bit with the place - I doubt this was John’s work,” she commented, waving toward the string of lights. “You know I may have underestimated you.”
John was attentive when he was free – John wanted to know all about his interests, and what experiments he wanted to try. When he’d mentioned he wished to develop the ability to distinguish between every perfume and cologne by smell alone, John had asked Lestrade to order him as many different bottles as possible to be shipped within the week. And as promised during their car ride in, a servant had taken his measurements and they had ordered him new suits from the finest shops in London.
Without a second thought, he headed straight for the aptly named ‘Happy Valley’ with Gladstone happily following him down the path on the left. It was like a breath of fresh air. John asking him to name the place made it feel more his own, somehow. He wasn’t sure how much time he spent smoking in the valley. He moved about the small area, needing to feel grounded in something. He seriously considered lying down on the floor of fallen petals, but Gladstone eventually grew bored. The dog was making his way through the overhanging flowers to the little cove on the other side. The flowers were all fading fast anyway, if they had not done already. The bluebells were holding out, but the azaleas were mostly brown, crushed beneath his feet in the moss.
“None whatsoever,” John said. That seemed strange in and of itself, but Sherlock had to agree that no answer was better than hedging a guess to lead them off his own trail. What was more or less suspicious? He wasn’t sure he had the objectivity any more to be sure.
“I have played both sides in this war,” the Witch said, a slight tremor in her voice. “That item is my only protection while I am away from my castle. If you destroy it, I stand no chance. Henchmen from either side will find me.”
“Why indeed?” Sherlock asked, eyes narrowing.
Mrs Stamford’s head turned towards the door, where he and Watson still stood. “Oh, I wish this did not need to be known by anyone else! And yet, this is all my own doing.”
You always like when we’re the same type of thing. We could be matches. Starfish. Candles. Clocks.
“Wait, don’t,” Sherlock said, eyes shut tight.
“You’re still—” Sherlock thought to protest, breaking away. For so long, he had needed to remind himself that John was a married man; it was hard to break the habit.
The look Greg gives him is part mild surprise at the news he likely considers to not be news, and part ‘poor bugger’.
Moriarty picked up the nightdress case, and held it out to him. “Oh, naughty, you've been touching it, haven't you?” Moriarty tutted at him, like he was a schoolboy caught going through a girl’s intimates.
Had someone called on them, unannounced?
“Did he maybe give you the name of this person who hired him?” John asked, wondering if Sherlock had done a thorough interrogation after all.
They continued in silence along the path back to the house, knowing that it was unsafe to continue any of their earlier conversation. Once they crossed the threshold of their home, they exchanged a look, knowing they would need to find a private place to speak. He had hoped to enter discreetly so as to avoid anyone seeing them, but Lestrade came to attend to them only moments later.
John had said.
“If only we knew what was in the note,” Sherlock commented absently. “Magnussen of course didn’t bring it with him, otherwise we would have never let him leave the house. Who knows how much of a threat it is. A planned meeting with a lover might not have been enough to live for, after all.”
- for those wondering about this phrase, it's a reference to "cherchez la femme", an idiom that means “look for the woman [as the motivating cause for a man’s ridiculous/imprudent/reckless behavior/troubles]”. Except in this case, it's implied that the servant's motivation for putting product in his hair was to attract men. This idea came from Soli, who remembered Sherlock saying "cherchez le chien" in Hounds. (This chapter ended up with a lot of Hounds references ^^).
“Listen, John,” he started hastily, “if he told you anything about me, I can explain -”
John’s fist slams into the opposite wall with a resounding, hollow thud, causing Greg to flinch.
“Of course you’re the one that matters John, and don’t be foolish, of course I don’t want to leave,” he replied, scrunching his eyes closed in frustration. John really, honestly believed that, didn’t he?
It was a blessing that the war in a land across the ocean was of less interest to the townspeople of Market Chipping. A topic deemed much more worthy of gossip was the Witch of Belgravia, who held the title of most powerful witch in all of Ingary, and who was known to change her loyalties to the crown as it suited her. If the tales were to be believed, her great power was drawn from a fire demon she had tamed, whose dark magic made her nigh unstoppable.
“Mary and I were in love, and he knew it, and he killed her for it! Just look how quickly he was able to move on. Identifying the first corpse dredged up on the shore - he didn’t even a wait a full year before remarrying that Frenchman!”
Well, that actually did sound…. agreeable. Mutually beneficial really.
“The arm is fine! It’s fine.” Sherlock blinked, gathering himself. He had to look like he wasn’t an amateur. John wouldn’t want to be drank from by the inexperienced.
John attempted to ask what the hell he meant, but was prevented from it by his jaw dropping open and remaining that way for quite some time. Sherlock waited, once again, unexpectedly patient.
“All because you were bored. And now you’re—what—bored of
John was still standing, awkward, in the middle of the living room. “I’m John, by the way. John Watson.”
“I’m a high functioning sociopath,” Sherlock was in the midst of declaring, leaning forward with a manic smile growing across his face.
Sherlock didn’t hang in John’s bedroom window for a week, and instead took the extra time to feed more than he usually would.
John laughed once in disbelief. “You’re saying that it was fake, for what, both of you? That she was already planning on using you cause she knew you were using her, somehow?”
“Are you going to tell me why you needed to come home with me?” John asked when they reached the back door, lifting the dog into his arms. “Or why you said Sherlock ‘needed’ you?”
Sherlock saw first when the car arrived, and Lestrade did have Anderson in tow. He was brought into the room with them, agitated and strange as per usual.
John groaned, abandoning the tea mug on the Hudson’s outstretched arm still holding the towel. The BAK 2212 base alarm communicated with the ship’s alarm system of course, and clearly Sherlock had gotten rather busy in the last few minutes.
John made sure all the servants landed on their feet, of course, with brilliant letters of recommendation. Sherlock did his part, though perhaps minorly, helping ensure Lestrade worked for his brother, who was well familiar with the man from their correspondence. Lestrade still visited them of course, and to Sherlock’s annoyance, still seemed to consider himself Sherlock’s overseer. Sherlock had once noted Lestrade had his eye on a maid, who turned out to be none other than mousey Molly. Quite over her brief crush on Sherlock, she and Lestrade had found themselves well situated and well employed.
Sherlock shook his head in great relief. “You haven’t, no. Of course you haven’t. Returning to the point, yes I mean not telling you I was alive, but I was referring to more than that. Other things.” Mary.
He now stood while the alien crouched. The alien slowly rose up to their full height, and as they stood, the colour of their skin changed from blue to silver. Almost metallic. John wondered again if maybe they really were a bot, before observing that their skin was now the same colour as his protective suit. They had touched him, and now they were copying his appearance.
He smiled tentatively back. He had considered mentioning Moriarty’s strange behaviour, and John’s earlier annoyance with the servant, but now reconsidered. John seemed so pleased, perhaps it was not best laid plans to disturb the peace. With John beaming at him, the conversation with Moriarty seemed less disconcerting. He resolved not to reference it.
John wished he could say the curiosity of it didn’t eat at him, but he would have been lying. He knew nothing of extra-terrestrials (or at least, nothing ever validated), let alone whether they had similar sex organs. And he couldn’t exactly ask.
“Let him know we appreciate it,” Lestrade replied. “I know he can read lips, but I can never tell what he gets. Especially when he walks away before I’m done talking.”
“Yeah, that’s what I came here for. To help. Except—”
This meant many things - namely, that he could be with and love John, knowing that John was completely his. It meant he could fight for John, and that Mary hadn’t won yet. She would lose ultimately, if he had any say in the matter.
Lestrade and Robert being away at the same time was unusual. Moriarty must have planned all of this accordingly.
John stepped toward Magnussen, but held still when Sherlock gripped his arm. Magnussen lounged back while John looked on, his hunched shoulders complimenting his stoney expression. Sherlock wondered if there was to be another murder on the premises shortly.
would be ostensibly out of place, the obvious outsider. He feared the staff would take one look at him and know he was as ill-fitting for John as the suit currently clinging to his lanky frame. His challenge would be to convince them otherwise, as he knew John would eventually become unhappy if he was unable to assimilate into this new life. Into John’s life. He had to be strategic, charming. This was an act he had on occasion succeeded at.
John nodded. “Okay. Good. Agreed.”
> Yeah.
John rounded a corner and passed an open classroom door, and caught sight of something out of the corner of his eye, finally—but of course, through a window.
> Ah, right, a sex detective.
Sherlock swatted at John’s hip, and spread his legs. In a falsetto voice, “Oh John,
When an old woman totters in through the train doors, The Man immediately stands and offers her his seat while supporting himself on his cane. She thanks him but seems obviously conflicted due to his disability. Reading her reluctance makes him embarrassed and short-tempered. The back of his neck reddens under these circumstances. (Sherlock is pleased that he has learned this mannerism).
They crested the top of a hill, and Stamford’s country home rose into view. Watson stopped his horse, giving her a chance to rest, taking in the sight of the house. Remote, country homes always had an air of mystery about them, and Stamford’s was no different.
“Dressed up like what?” he asked, hearing as if from far away how distressed he sounded.
“He has a passion for drama,” he said, looking skyward. Except -- his brother disapproved of their marriage, and would have no qualms employing scare tactics with John, clearly. Such as exposing his past to make John wary of him. Like his drug habit.
Mike, now that it was fully repaired, promptly folded up its caterpillar tracks and levitated off the ground, speeding back in the direction of the base. John watched its departure before turning back to the alien, who was now lifting themselves from their crouched position. They were still observing John with a muted curiosity.
The subject had been promptly dropped again. Several days later, John was looking into the mirror over the mantle, and caught sight of Sherlock in it as if he were seeing him for the first time. John had pointed at him. Or rather, the image of him reflected in the mirror glass.
Now, where were we? John says. That’s how he always starts. As if the story never ends, so much as it waits to be continued.
“Yes, of course, and shall I bring in Mr Moriarty?”
Sherlock felt relieved at this revelation. John and he might have their misunderstandings, but at least they were always on the same page. He slid the white dress shirt from his shoulders slowly, attempting to add sensuality where there hadn’t been much before. John seemed to appreciate the effort, his tongue peeking out from the corner of his mouth. Sherlock unlaced his shoes, and then pulled of his socks, and rather self consciously, his trousers and pants, till he stood completely nude in front of John. John’s mouth hung slightly open, his eyes trailing Sherlock’s body, but always returning to his face. John looked at all of him with adoration, and Sherlock loved him for it.
It’s cliche—maybe—and vulgar—without a doubt—but despite all that, it is unbearably, toe-curlingly hot when Sherlock loosens around his fingers.
When John came closer he hopped down from the scouter, and found that the metal he’d seen was only part of the bot, specifically a part pulled from inside. John suspected that if he continued past the crater, he’d find the rest of Mike.
“Do you know, this was the last nightdress she ever wore, before she died. Would you like to touch it again?” Moriarty pulled it from the case, and held it out to him. He did his best not to recoil.
Husband. Husband.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I’m not even part bot. Not even a little.”
“That’s how you knew my name after seeing me,” John murmured eventually, thankful that he was already sitting down. “You’d seen me before.”
Would John come? No. John would hate it. He wasn’t coming.
John’s throat feels as tight as the hallway. Sherlock has left him before. At crime scenes, and outside of hospitals. Leaving him in every sense of the word, leaving him believing he’s– Would he do that though? Leave him unconscious with a dead dog? Only to wake up to find himself alone and wondering, sick, absolutely sick with worry, what had happened to him, and where he’d bloody well got to, is that something– were they still at that stage? Would he have done that? How could he have done that?
“Good thing you’re not a pretty young thing or you might have been in trouble,” Mike said with a laugh, before thankfully dropping the subject.
John feels watched.
John reached for one of the antenna, ready to break it off if need be, but the creature immediately retreated while making rapid clicking noises.
. John slipping out of his clothes in the evening, or wearing only his robe after a bath of his own.  The glimpses of bare skin he was allowed to see, but not yet to touch. John seemed oddly shy at being nude in front of him - he had not even seen John’s bare chest. Meanwhile, he shamelessly eyed him, especially after his bathing, hoping desperately for a slip, or the tie of a dressing gown to come undone.
Sherlock moved to stand in front of the fire, and briefly thought on his own sibling’s reactions. The papers would have told him more than enough, and Lestrade must have also written to him. He imagined Mycroft reading the headlines while lounging at his silent club, and his eyes rolling skyward at how his baby brother could never stay out of trouble. While Sherlock hated to admit it, Mycroft was the smarter of the two of them, which likely meant he actually did know who had killed Mary. In that case however, his lack of interest in Sherlock’s husband having a history of offing his spouses was patently odd. Either Mycroft had learned to be less oppressive (doubtful), or he supposed John would be locked up soon enough. Not much of an ally for helping John escape the noose.
> How the hell could you possibly know that?
Sherlock’s hand twitched against their side, the fingers of their hand flexing upwards repeatedly. At once, Sherlock returned to the scouter several paces away, and began opening one of the overhead panels.
A big big big big big shoutout to my beta
. They never talked about that, perhaps for good reason. “Sherlock, that was a very long time ago. I assume you’ve cleared your searches more recently than that.”
John’s neck tilted, his shoulders tensing. “As you’ve just described it, it would be hard to not agree sir.”
John snorted. Naturally Sherlock would see it that way. “You reckon I survived getting shot because of you? That is
It occurred to him that now would be a good time to invent an excuse for being in the West wing, and be on his way.
John’s window was cracked open. It was just wide enough for, say, a small animal to squeeze through.
He realized he knew very little of John’s life at Manderley. Though it wasn’t hard to imagine, he did not know for certain John’s day to day routines at home and the people he was familiar with. These were not things easily postulated. He would need more data.
Can we remove the pretence? Sherlock’s face is still tied up tighter than a knot. It’s us. You’re talking about us.
Lady Irene made to move away from him, but seemed to reconsider at the last moment. “Whatever you’ve done to attract his attention,” she murmured, and he truly believed he detected genuine feeling, for once, “whatever it is that has made him interested in you as a plaything, I’m sorry for it. He will destroy you. Do you understand?”
John got his helmet back on then, before he could say more, and returned to the ship. He felt Sherlock’s focus on him for his entire exit from the charging bay.
Women and men both featured in his dreams and fantasies—the Timothy Dalton Bond years were particularly inspiring. But perhaps because his imagination was always rather fixated on Sherlock, John’s subconscious always fell back on his made-up friend. The physical attributes described in the novels came to life in fuzzy form, depicted differently by various illustrations—a hawk-like nose, razor-sharp cheeks, and the dark, curled hair—that often exaggerated Sherlock’s gaunt features. John found the usual renderings of him a bit garish; he prefered to imagine those features softer, gentler, along with his preferred version of the man himself.
Instead, Sherlock was not only quiet, but slow to move. When he did, his torso twisted towards John first, with his legs still facing the door. The contortion could not have been comfortable.
When John finally spoke, his voice betrayed the fatigue that the morning and previous evening had wrought on him. “Forgive you?” John asked. “For what?”
A valet, of all things. That would be tedious.
After agreeing to discuss more later, John sat up stiffly from the damp ground, but rose to his feet without assistance from his currently misplaced cane. John even pulled Sherlock up without any sign of losing his balance, and they both made a futile attempt at cleaning the dirt from their clothing. John retrieved his cane from where it had fallen, almost as an after thought. On their return to the house, John proceeded to use it only so much as someone would use a walking stick.
They made the mistake of sitting at the front of the courtroom. This being an error in judgement only became apparent when Sherlock thought to survey those in attendance, and was given a shock when he turned his head to meet the eyes of Moriarty, and next to him, Charles Augustus Magnussen. Sherlock’s first instinct was to climb from his seat and demand they leave, and his second was to curl around John protectively. He luckily suppressed both urges.
“Finally, you’re here! And oh good, you do look shocked! Usually you know all these things before I even get a chance to tell you, what a novelty to get to surprise you for once,” Wilkes said, clapping his hands together.
is it?” Sherlock repeated.
“Molly?” he asked, feeling very wrong-footed.
“Mr Watson,” Moriarty’s voice spoke crisply through the phone.
John continued to hug him, tucking his chin on the top of his head. He had to bend himself to manage it, but he didn’t care. Reluctantly, he pulled back from John’s neck to speak clearly. It was important John saw his face, that John saw he was serious.
“Can I do anything more for you?” Moriarty asked while he acted out looking around the room, searching for anything missing for his Master’s comfort.
Sherlock blinked at the brief contact between them, before continuing their fidgeting with the hole in their coveralls. “Coming after me, to the poacher’s ship. That was—um—good.”
It occurred to him that Watson was probably eating at this time for the express purpose of evading him and Wilkes, as their table was the only one adjacent to Watson’s in the dining room. They were also the only people to have ambushed him the previous evening.
John cleans himself off with what’s easily at hand, and bins it.
with them. Physically speaking, it barely felt any different from rubbing off any of the men John had slept with in the past, though admittedly he had more experience with women. But then he supposed, he was more experienced with humans in general.
It's back, and more ludicrous than ever. A note about formatting: Apology in advance to people who have no love for epistolary, cause there's some chat messaging in your near future. I've used '>' to mark a chat message, and italics for when Sherlock is speaking.
John’s gut told him yes.
“Right,” John said. “I think sometimes these things might be literal.”
Not showy, but still the best teapot. It’s perfect for you.
John kept waking up from nightmares, dreaming of Sherlock taking the pill, with John being only moments too late. In all of them John could see Sherlock bringing the poison closer to his lips, but he was always separated from him, too far away to stop it.
The music and the dance finished on one last lingering note of the instrument, but instead of breaking away to clap for the musician as was common, Watson continued to hold Sherlock’s hand in his.
Moriarty was smiling politely. He could feel that the other man found him worthy of nothing but contempt. He had somehow shown himself as weak, and now Moriarty knew he would never supersede him. If Moriarty wanted to intimidate him, he had arguably been somewhat successful. Mr Watson never complained about him, indeed.
Husband and wife embraced, and Watson shifted next to him, uncomfortable at bearing witness.
“That’s quite enough David, the doctor has no idea what you’re on about,” John interrupted, and Sherlock had to agree. He could not abide by David asking the questions, and biasing Murray beyond what he might already know.
The drive to John’s home would normally have been lovely and reminiscent of their long drives in Monte, except that the end destination was grand Manderley, as opposed to just their hotel. He felt inappropriately dressed for the occasion, still longing for the confidence that came with a well-fitted suit. He fidgeted in his seat, bouncing his legs in agitation.
Their meeting location was a ten minute walk from Highgate station on a painfully residential street. John waited at the corner, as instructed, and resisted checking his watch. Zipping his jacket up higher against the cold, John eyed each passerby who strolled past: an old man in a burgundy cardigan walking a dog, and speaking to it as well; a young, frazzled mother, pushing a set of twins, all elbows and food stains; a pack of primary school students scurrying past, uniform-clad and smiling with gap teeth. None stopped to chat, to John’s immense relief.
Sherlock sighed, again. “He’s half-human. He chooses to present his more human attributes, and to live as a human man. As I am willing to do as well, though you have recently encouraged me not to.”
“I have no idea,” John managed to say through his clenched jaw, his body naturally positioned at parade rest. “I just follow orders.”
The implication hung in the air. This was not the wing John had lived in with Mary.
“Yes, we met briefly in town.” John wondered if Sherlock truly did not recall. “Soldiers, dark blob men, walking on air—any of that ringing a bell for you?”
“Don’t mind that,” said the deep voice close to his ear. “Just walk.”
John was still his same, stalwart self. John wore his lack of surprise like he’d once worn confusion. Like he had been waiting for Sherlock to get on the same page as him, and was relieved Sherlock had finally caught up.
John was visibly unimpressed by the mention of Sebastian.
Janine’s pleased face in print was lying next to him on the couch. Had she been pleased? Would Sherlock have pleased her?
With any luck, the abuse the note in David’s hand was receiving would make it illegible by the end of their confrontation, with David twisting it between his two clenched fists.
But he could no longer lose himself in the feeling, not with the knowledge that John might fall at any moment. He wrapped himself as tightly as possible around John’s upper body, ready to hook himself beneath John’s arms if needed.
Ms Hammersmith pushed both his hands off, but nodded. “Yes.”
“Why not?” John asked, and gone was his nonchalance, his features softening.
“It’s not just about the dog John, though yes, maybe it is a bit. Redbeard, my dog, now always reminds me of – well, something Mycroft has paired in my mind – “
“Please provide us with the full statement then sir,” the Coroner requested, patience wearing thin.
John, at last, lifted his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes. John was saying goodbye, and it made Sherlock want to rip the diary and note to shreds. A dark, awful part of him wanted to kill David and the Colonel, and then Magnussen - remove everyone who would ever try to drive them apart. He knew it was wrong, and that Barclay was a good man, and he dismissed it immediately, knowing John would hate him for it. But John was looking at him as if to say farewell, and Sherlock would have done anything to change it.
“And how is our dear companion Wilkes this morning?” Watson asked, revving the engine.
“- you think I don’t know you’re up to something, when you send Lestrade away while I’m out?” He had expected anger, but had never heard John more resigned, more beaten down. Before he heard the other voice, he knew who must have been in the room with him.
John’s hand is perfectly still on the curtain.
John had been about to say for as long as he could remember, but that wasn’t right. The pain just made his memory sharper, making his life in Market Chipping clearer in its dreariness than anything else in his life.
the man volleyed back, petulant.
>> dispatch: Hudson
“No, not ‘of course’ actually, I still don’t understand. Why would you and Mary have been shooting at each other?” he asked, his hands leaving his temples in frustration.
“Quite right,” Watson replied, after some time had passed. “In fact, I might suggest I not make marital vows at all.”
Lestrade cleared his throat, rocking back on his heels.
“I’m looking for a castle,” John informed the scarecrow. “A moving one.”
“I promise you I won’t let that happen,” John said. “But I can’t give in to him on this. It would never stop. He would have power over us, forever. Do you understand what he was really asking me for? What he would have eventually asked for as part of his sick little trade?”
, or I’ll have you fired!”
John considered, as his last possible option, contacting Sherlock’s overbearing, overprotective, and fairly rubbish older brother Mycroft. If Mycroft Holmes thought Sherlock was in danger, Sherlock would be put under strict supervision. This would however backfire spectacularly on John, by having himself meet the same fate. More likely than not, he’d get his head kicked in for knowing too much about Mycroft’s baby brother.
“Via email” was hyperlinked, and when John clicked on it, a new message window popped up on his screen.
“What?” he choked out. He couldn’t think. He was aware he was blinking, and that his eyes were dangerously close to growing wet.
Watson was relaxed in the driver’s seat, reading a paper. When Watson caught sight of him, the paper was carelessly folded and dropped into the back seat.
Sherlock isn’t sure what he is hoping to eventually read in these posts.
John took the opportunity of being released from their hold to roll off and scramble to his feet, which was unusually difficult given the extra balance required due to the somewhat weak force of gravity.
His attempts at appearing to belong were not going according to plan.
John wasted no time in confronting Sherlock, unsettled by the conversation with the mystery man to say the least. He found Sherlock lying outstretched over the living area sofa, all four hands pressed against their respective pair in prayer beneath Sherlock’s chin.
Returning to his own task, he realized this meant his correspondence with Mrs Hudson of Florida had come to a close. He would have liked it to last longer, truthfully. He had grown fond of her, and his mind was always chomping at the bit, waiting for its next endeavour. Between the sparse opportunities for ways to engage his brain, and determining how to bring John out of the past, he was managing to keep busy. But only just.
“No. No, no, no,” John said, wagging his finger. “Not you too.”
Sherlock almost begged.
Two surprise deductions in one day was possibly two too many. Especially when they were about things of an extremely terrifying and personal nature.
“Oh, I can tell by the way you dress that you don’t care at all what you wear,” she said flippantly. “Someone didn’t take your measurements right, or perhaps you’ve grown since? Are you young enough to still be having growth spurts? And the dust along your sleeves. I can see you’re low maintenance.”
Sherlock is nonplussed. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, surprised to hear his own breathlessness, responding to the way John had made it sound.
John followed the smell of bacon down the stairs. The source was Mrs Hudson with a frying pan over the fire, while Sherlock worked at the table with books opened and beakers bubbling.
Watson scoffed. “I wonder whether I should be offended or flattered by you assigning me a murderess for a wife. I suppose that would make my domestic life lurid enough to be of interest to you.”
“So the thief still has it,” Sherlock said. “Meaning?”
For a time, he watched the boats circling the ship waiting for the diver, through the offered glasses. The coast guard had likely not intended for him to keep the binoculars for so long, but then he shouldn’t have offered if he hadn’t wanted them borrowed. He allowed them to be swapped back and forth when the man became impatient for them.
Reading, and then re-reading, all the entries takes very little time.
“If the alternative is you and the pet living here in married bliss…” Moriarty trailed off, and began whistling. “No, no no no, couldn’t have that. Not
John barely moved at first, letting him adjust, letting him feel every inch as it was given to him. He took, and took, everything he demanded of John, and John would never deny him. When John finally did move, it was nothing like anything else they had ever done together in bed (and outside) before. It bared no similarity to taking John in his mouth in the Happy Valley, or John’s hand and mouth on him at night, the promise of orgasm very much his end goal.
John woke to light flickering over his eyelids. He learned, once he opened his eyes, that the shadows were being cast by tiny black dots moving in the canopy over the bed. Flipping back the covers, John climbed onto the bedside table to investigate, expecting perhaps a wizard’s glamour. But, peering into the eggshell-coloured sheet hung between the four bannisters, he found only a large commune of busy spiders nesting above the bed. It was comforting in a way, John thought, that even wizards could have pests.
“Why didn’t you say when Lestrade first - well, doesn’t matter, but where is it now?”
” he bit out.
Sherlock quickly continues. “However, it’s clear you and your family only moved in within the last year.  The house was likely then his family home, which he inherited and couldn’t part with. You could have left to avoid likely painful memories of your husband, but remain here out of your devotion to his attachment to the house.”
“John,” Sherlock interrupted, strong and sure. It was inconceivable that John didn’t know this, but his John did sometimes need help with these things. “I am wildly, madly, and incomparably in love with you. I love you, with my entire heart and soul.”
Sherlock did finally turn towards him at that. “It’s not a him, John. It’s a robot.”
“Look do you want to get passed along or what?” the hotline operator cut in. John had almost forgotten he was on the line with someone else.
They returned to the Hudson that day, but the easy, carefree tone of their interactions felt changed.
“Yes,” he said, thinking that he’d been remiss in not spending more time outdoors.
“Nothing,” he murmured, suddenly terrified that John might say something he didn’t want to hear. “Never mind.”
“I’m already up, so let’s hash it out,” he sighed, resigned. “You’ve woken me up to complain about my writing skills, is that it? My writing in my
“Hello,” John said. It seemed a good start.
“Sebastian,” he said, and he was impressed with himself that his voice did not waver. If he wanted it enough, he could be the image of coolness and apathy. “Thank you for input.” He pulled the door open, and planned to hold it that way till he could close it behind the other man.
“You were gone for longer that time,” John commented, voice fuzzy with sleep.
Why do I have to be a coffee maker? If you’re a teapot, I want to be a teapot too.
“This must seem strange to you Doctor,” the Colonel said, embarrassed himself for having to be involved in the invasion of a stranger’s home. “I’m the magistrate for a county not far from here, and these are Monsieurs Watson, who you may have heard of recently in the papers.”
> OK. What do you do?
“Old Watson was good at that, when he was able. Though, I guess you wouldn’t know,” he said, pausing meaningfully, before continuing. “- seeing as you don’t have long hair.”
That hand would have continued on to a very lovely place indeed, if it was not interrupted by a shrill call of
He had planned to dash down the stairs, get into the car, and drive away with minimal looking back.
Many of the guests nearest to them reached forward to raise their glasses to John, but John was pulling away from the crowd to put his own glass down on a nearby table.
With a feat of strength John hadn’t even believed he was capable of, he lifted the beam high enough for Sherlock to escape from beneath it. Sherlock could walk, barely, but he was fine. Sherlock was fine. John had never wanted to shake someone and kiss them at the same time before, and the burning wreckage around them suggested that the urge to do so might be best left for later.
John clears his throat. Last time, we left off with the two—
Sherlock’s lips turned down at the corners. He hated when John stole his thunder. It was especially worse when he was right. “Well, no. Technically, my parents made me.”
and fin! thanks everyone who stuck around for the weekly updates, hope you enjoyed howlock as much I enjoyed writing it<3 and now that the twist is out in the open, I am finally allowed to speak !!!!! in the comments !!!!
’? This is, well,
“Right, yeah, darn right boring, that was. Just managed to satisfy my daily quota of punching strangers on their stoops.”
Now he was riveted to the spot, his hand frozen on the banister.
David muttered something under his breath that sounded rather like
“Not much to tell really. A boy named Carl Powers drowned to death and the police were convinced it was an accident. I was, and still am, convinced it was a murder made to look like a drowning.”
“Manderley. You know exactly what I mean.”
John mouthed.
When Watson’s face faded, till he was only one man rather than two, the gravity of his expression made him even harder to look at. In a hushed voice, Watson asked, “Do you think he’d like it, if he knew that’s what you hear him say?”
“Shh, shh.” He was being hushed now, which was ridiculous, and absolutely not working.
“I’m not sure. I don’t think I know how to explain. I don’t belong to your world.”
He considered seven - no, make that three - possibilities they could use to prevent John’s reaction from being their downfall. In the end he admittedly selected the solution that presented itself to him with the best possible outcome, and that he felt he could personally perform to his own level of satisfaction.
Sherlock scoffed. “That’s not quite what I meant. I mean—it’s not important for you to know.”
This wasn’t exactly what John had expected a haunted house to look like, which is to say he was beginning to suspect they’d come a long way for nothing. And he hadn’t even gotten to finish reading the newspaper.
As John began to direct him backward with a gentle push to his chest, Sherlock realized the reason John was looking at him like a school boy up to no good was because they were heading for the window seat. Sherlock flushed, both embarrassed and amazed that John could think to tease him after all that had just happened, and all that was about to.
“That would be rather forward of me,” Sherlock replied, words airy. He couldn’t seem to catch his breath.
John’s eyes begin to adjust to the darkness so that he can see the interior of the living room. Sherlock begins moving about the room towards the side table which hosts the family picture frames on it, where he pauses.
Sherlock looked so aggrieved by this suggestion that John almost thought he’d insulted the man’s mother, rather than having just provided a name for an animate object.
Sherlock reached out for John’s arm, fingers pressing lightly along his wrist. John’s pulse was steady. “May I?”
“As always John, you have a way with words.”
ever say you wish you hadn’t brought me here,” Sherlock fumed, his intensity mounting, his need for John to understand overcoming all other thought. “I am
John stood from his chair, and crossed the small space between them. “Sherlock,” John said to get his attention, reaching to smooth a thumb over the top of his hand on the desk. “It’s fine. Just - be natural. Not every move needs to be calculated.”
“I’d ask that you try to keep your head sir,” the Colonel said in a low tone. “I understand you’re not happy with the reality of the verdict, but I’m not the Coroner or the jury that decided it. As the district magistrate, I want to be as thorough as possible. If you say Mrs Watson didn’t kill herself, then what do you believe happened?”
“No! No,” he protested. His voice sounded strange. “It was just…”
Sherlock turned to slip his left arm through the sleeve, while Watson lifted the jacket high enough for it to settle onto his taller frame. Watson’s hands were light on his shoulders for a matter of seconds, and gone again just as quickly.
“And what does that mean?”
John did not report anything else.
When he moved, pain shot through his shoulder, which explained the noise of the running medication. John had a feeling that soon he’d be quite thankful for that top-up.
Sherlock had made them both so preoccupied with the prospect of John’s demise that John was woefully unprepared for considering the possibility of Sherlock’s. It was perhaps for the best that John wasn’t driving, as he might have run them off the road in his haste. Barclay was a very competent driver, and held up well in the face of John’s panicked urging to go faster, faster, damn you man! John might have been an idiot to let Sherlock out of his sight at all, but even he knew where there was smoke, there was fire, and where there was fire, there was Sherlock.
It felt like a current running through him, and John was immediately frozen in place, his body assuming parade rest. It should have been nearly impossible for John to see from that distance, but Sherlock’s brow was furrowed, offset by the intensity of the man’s unwavering stare.
A full shiver runs through Sherlock’s body.
On one occasion, John is standing near the door while Sherlock hovers close. The train abruptly stops and John loses his balance, falling backwards. Sherlock acts swiftly - he catches John’s back with one hand and his cane with the other, holding the other man steady. John’s neck turns slightly pink. Sherlock knows this means anger and/or embarrassment. Likely embarrassment then.
John looked up from his game of checkers that he was currently losing against the in-ship Hudson bot. “What?”
“You’re thinking,” Sherlock said, poking their head out from under their arm. “It’s painful to watch. What is it?”
No one had seen it? She had been alone then. No other boats, no one watching from the cliffs. Except, that seemed improbable as well.
I'm hoping to stick to this two week sched, hopefully see you then!
This realization only increased his uneasiness, but he aspired to remain aloof. He would be above the situation. Composed, calm. They would eat breakfast next to one another, never speaking a word.
But this was not insurmountable. John could one day forget the past. And he would be there waiting for him, situated in the ideal position, already his husband.
Mrs Hudson jumped at every sound, there hadn’t been any natural light through the castle windows in days, and they hadn’t bought food in a week. Sherlock didn’t change the doors for anyone, not even Archie, nor any customers coming to collect their purchases. The only door they could leave from was the green-side down, which was of no help at all, unless they were to eat scraggly grass along with the vegetables from Mrs Hudson’s yard.
“Dear old Manderley,” Magnussen commented, turning his head to look back at the house. “Jim does such a good job with the place, doesn’t he? What would Watson do without him.”
“You just said yourself, whoever or whatever’s leaving flowers goes in the house, they must do, so if they follow the usual pattern we can’t miss them,” John ends this with a breathy exhale, and proceeds to rub his cold hands together.
He checks the windows. He checks all the windows.
“Risky,” Sherlock said, thinking that it would take quite some time to ‘right’ himself if they were interrupted.
“Yes, as you can tell, we’re leaving. I’m tired to death of Monte. Actually, of all of Europe. How do you like the sound of New York?”
The creature was making more clicking noises, while gesturing to the remains of Mike that John had come to retrieve.
And then, a cab pulled up.
, Sherlock?”
This was an occasion where John was painfully easy to read. Sherlock felt as though he could see into John’s mind, as if it was a film playing out on a screen before him. The image of himself as a doe-eyed innocent, and the two ghoulish figures holding him, as they feasted on his neck.
John snorted, more incredulous than offended by the accusation. “Sherlock doesn’t practice dark magic,” John said, thinking of chalk drawings, vanity charms, and seven league boots with lace ties.
John watched as the seemingly translucent form beneath him gradually turned opaque, until he found himself lying on top of a creature.
John kissed him on the forehead once, then twice. They clung to each other, and Sherlock told himself they were ready to enter another trial, and the one after that. That they would always come out on top. He only wished he knew that as well as he knew that Magnussen, and Moriarty, would soon be closing in on them.
“You had been there before,” he asserted, as they began to drive downhill.
“I’d better start in on the books sir,” Lestrade said, looking well and truly pleased.
“Sherlock love, maybe you should just ask him?” Mrs Hudson has materialised beside him with a tea tray.
“Okay, okay, that’s rather enough, it’s ridiculous, you think I don’t know that? Obviously there’s no bloody ghost – “
“I didn’t. If asked, he’ll tell you he fulfills a very minor position in the British government.  In reality, he practically runs it.”
To John’s continued stunned silence, Sherlock said, “It’s exactly what you think.”
. She was boring, ordinary. Just like you. You both had so much potential, but in the end you’re nothing. And I thought we could have had something special, you and I, what with fate bringing us together again.”
He was aware that possibly he should be saying something.
Head slumped forward onto his chest, John was fast asleep in the chair beside him. John was going to have a crick in his neck when he woke up. He would rub at the back of his neck with a frown and try to crack it by twisting his head, with his forehead wrinkling with oncoming grumpiness. Sherlock knew exactly how it would all play out as if it had already happened. Once, he’d been able study John Watson as much as he liked, and seen it all firsthand. Now, being able to observe John asleep sitting up seemed like a novelty once more.
> No, of course not.
, and he was wearing the suit he knew was John’s favourite. The one he’d put on first, that had made John stop and stare.
Not particularly. I don’t even like that one.
“I’m sorry,” he blurted out, giving in within a few seconds. “Isn’t that what people say in these situations?”
Magnussen sighed. “Do you really think I’m bluffing Mr Watson? This is my last offer before David is returned his letter, and contacts the magistrate instead.”
And what was he meant to do about it? The psychic had told him to solve the case. Or, so he had interpreted. Where to go, and what to do? Back to Baker Street, only to stew in his empty flat, or back to the house where people and animals kept disappearing?
John put the mobile back on the desk. If the killer had called, that meant Sherlock was on his way to sit in a restaurant on a stake out, only to chase the cab and interrogate the man in the backseat rather than the front. John assumed there was still at least an hour before the drugs bust at Sherlock’s flat—assuming that still happened—before the cabbie came to pick Sherlock up later.
The first taste was not unlike the experience of being near John’s neckline and inhaling, except multiplied by approximately infinity. He didn’t want to waste a single drop, wanted to luxuriate in it—but his feeding had been so long constrained to bags and straws. He was messy, sloppy, and too focussed on sensation to care.
look like that? It was alarming, and that he of all people couldn’t read them, didn’t understand, what was he missing -
“Yes, yes, of course,” John said, motioning towards the door. “I thought you’d want to question me a bit first on what happened.”
“Mrs Wilson would have seen it herself,” Sherlock finished, his eyes slipping onto John meaningfully, “if she hadn’t believed so strongly you shared the same taste in pottery figurines.”
John would smile, initially hesitant, but would oblige him, slipping the dressing gown from his shoulders to reveal himself fully. At the sight of John nude in front of him, he’d move forward in the bath, allowing John to slide in behind him. It would be awkward at first, but they’d make do, eventually slotting in together. John, ever the caretaker, would begin to wash his back with a cloth, a pleasant shared intimacy. But the feeling of John naked, pressed up against him, touching him softly and sweetly - he’d inevitably grow aroused. John would see of course, and kissing the side of his neck, slide his hand down across his chest, whispering, “Shall I wash here too?” He’d gasp at the feeling of the cloth rubbing across his front, and press back, to find John in the same state as himself and - well, this was all usually more than enough to result in him spilling himself into the bath water.
“You used to be a gambler, but have since given it up. You always look a bit longingly at the casino, but you haven’t visited once since you’ve been here. This makes your choice of Monte Carlo for vacation particularly intriguing.” Not his best analysis, but it would do. Watson was clearly attracted to old dangers and temptations, but he didn’t provide that conclusion.
Sherlock took a breath. Even if John didn’t know it, John was relying on him. Which meant Sherlock needed to trust what he knew.
“Unbelieveable,” John murmured, definitely going unheard, half of his attention on Sherlock and the other on turning the alarm off. The alarm type couldn’t be overridden from the side panel apparently, which was bizarre for a broken ship bot, and excessively aggravating.
“What’s this?” he’d have asked her. “Just open it,” she’d replied. She would have leaned over his shoulder while John unraveled the package, watching as the smile grew on John’s face. “A book of poems? Are you saying I should leave it to the professionals?” John asked, but he’d only be teasing back. Mary would laugh, and correct him – it was meant as inspiration.
“Everyone adored it, it was always heralded as the most important event of the summer. Can't I persuade you to think about it again?”
“Well, at least you know Greg’s name.”
Sherlock’s eyes slid to the side. “It’s given voluntarily, if that’s what you’re asking. I have a... contact.”
He nodded. John certainly could. He was willing to agree to anything, anything at all, if it meant John continuing in that vein.
John, moving his fist over Sherlock’s cock, his pace steadily increasing, looked directly into his eyes. “I love you, husband,” John said simply, and the dam within him burst, his eyes shut tight, hearing John’s words thrum through him.
“Brilliant!” Watson exclaimed while he dropped the bellhop entirely, who stumbled with relief and almost fell to the floor a second time.
“Yes, it capsized and sank. She was washed overboard.”
“Good Lord, you are perceptive,” Captain Watson said, shaking his hand with a firm grip. “And how do you know we are going the same way?”
He could have guessed that Lestrade wouldn’t answer him immediately. What was it about that place that put people so on edge?
“You reckon?” John asked, not expecting such a pleasant turn of conversation so soon after he’d ruined their easy back and forth.
. Bored, bored,
(See the end of the chapter for
“What book?” Bill asked, and even as out of it as he was, John could tell Bill thought it was the ramblings of a barely lucid man.
“Me, rename it?” he asked. “What a romantic notion. And what would I call it?”
“And how long have you been stationed here now? And how long were you meant to be?” Sherlock asked, two fingers tapping against their own cheek, eyes shifting back and forth restlessly.
“You might have mentioned.”
Jesus, Sherlock.
Sherlock moves in closer. “Because a dog’s gone missing in this house, dianthus from the garden are appearing within, the photos have been turned down, and the walls apparently have eyes – “ Sherlock speaks hurriedly in a mocking, lilting voice.
They were both looking ahead now, not daring to meet the other’s eye.
He climbed back onto the bed, oil in hand. He wondered if he should now hand the bottle over to John, or when would be the appropriate time for this pass-off? Was lying down on the towel too much? Whereas not a moment before he’d been in a rush, he was now becoming painfully aware of himself, sitting on his knees on the bedspread, requiring so much preparation. That small part of him that always plagued him with self doubt came back in a flash, unhelpfully pointing out that sleeping with Mary wouldn’t have required pre-planning, and any ruining of the mood…
John hid a smile behind his hand, as well as the beginnings of a flush across his face. John was pleased then. His plan was working.
“Sherlock, where are your manners?” Mrs Hudson tsked.
The scene fades while Janine’s smile lingers.
“Do you know who he means?” the Colonel asked.
“Only the house settling,” he murmurs leaning further back into Sherlock, where he is still grasping John’s arm from behind until John feels him pressed up against his whole back.
Christ. John laughs, helpless to Sherlock when he’s like this. It isn’t a specific teapot. Or, all right, fine. It’s a brown betty.
John smiled. That invigorating feeling John always got before doing something absolutely, completely mental was beginning to course through him.
John would kick himself if he could for almost falling for all the bloody haunted house speculation and continues to watch on with trepidation. A man hiding in the house underneath the floorboards? Now he really had seen everything. But how had this person been moving in and out at will? The room had been entirely enclosed before they’d found the door.
“The man is an idiot,” Sherlock commented, all eyes turning to him. “That is - I’ve met him on a number of occasions and invariably found him to be more than a bit odd. You can interview him, but whether you get any sense from him is another matter.”
The tightness about John’s features spoke of restraint, and he was reminded of his earlier conversation with Harriet. He wondered if he had only ever seen John restrained as she’d said, even in his moments of anger. What would it be like to see John truly lose his temper?
> Good thing you don’t need my help, then.
,” John whispered, spying the car they had taken into London parked further up the drive.
That was the first time John got that response, and it wasn’t the last. No matter who John asked on the ward, no one had seen his book and—even stranger—no one had ever heard of Sherlock Holmes. At first John wondered if he was just being overseen by a particularly illiterate staff, but he soon learned the curious lack of familiarity with the Sherlock Holmes series went far beyond the confines of the ward.
“Oh, oh, well done you,” Moriarty crowed. “But that’s how. Not who.”
John wondered if he was nervous. John wondered if this was a date.
> They do, but maybe not specifically with a shampooing motion repeated 7.5 times.
At that, Sherlock finally raised his gaze, and stared right at John. Pointed, observing his reaction. John’s own dumpling stopped half-way towards his mouth.
“Not sure what help I provided, or what me going accomplished,” John said, though he appreciated being thanked, and enjoyed that Sherlock’s hands were still on his face. John hoped he wasn’t reading too much into the gesture.
“So,” Sherlock said, ignoring his pain, “I lived because of you, and you lived because of me. Neat.”
“Photosynthesize,” John repeated, as slowly as he could without being patronizing. “So, do you just adapt to whatever environment? Because if you can eat food now, surely that means you have a digestive system - ”
“Not to me,” Watson said. Watson was at that moment grasping a potential criminal, his cane lying forgotten on the ground, and restraining himself (barely) from grinning ear to ear.
“No,” he said, instead. “I haven’t, and I don’t care. Wilkes is welcome to tire of me, I’m tired of him. There will be other Wilkeses for my brother to thrust me upon.”
John read the implication loud and clear: he had killed a human to save a non-human. And he’d do it a thousand times over, if need be. For this particular alien, at any rate.
Moriarty had brought the inevitable to its head. If the man wanted to shake his hand in hell, he wouldn’t disappoint him. He picked up the case in hand, and slid it into the inner pocket of his jacket. He knew where he would find him, and he had a feeling Moriarty would be waiting. He closed the door behind the room John had created for him with finality, and began his way to the West wing.
she’d say,” Moriarty whispered.
“I just - would rather not,” he responded eventually.
“Tell me,” he said, his voice dropping low as if they were speaking intimately, “Have you been doing anything you shouldn’t?”
Sherlock slid sideways in his chair, feeling as if the room had tilted. “What do you mean, if I like?”
With his eyes still very much focused on John’s face, Sherlock opened his mouth once more, and this time words came out.
“Don’t worry,” Greg says, walking over to clap him lightly on the shoulder. “You know what he’s like. He probably swanned off somewhere. Got out of the house to chase after something, who knows how.”
“Shut up,
“When John wrote and told me,” Harry continued, now holding onto his arm tightly, “and he said he had discovered you in the south of France, and you were a decade younger, and very good-looking, I must admit it gave me a bit of a shock. For one, who knew he still had it in him! Of course, we all expected a social butterfly, very modern and plastered with paint, the sort of boy you meet in those sort of places.”
Moriarty didn’t move.
They had reached the slope of a hill, and the path through the woods twisted into a valley banking a stream. Azaleas and rhododendrons flanked them on either side, surrounding the area in pastel colours. The earlier darkness and muted tones of the forest was behind them. He inhaled deeply - the air was full of the flowers’ scent, amplified by the rain.
John said nothing, and began to walk fast despite his cane, his movements almost violent. Even Gladstone was having trouble keeping up.
“What?” John asks, feeling slightly on edge in the dark house, and annoyed at himself for it.
“My three supposedly ‘wrong’ guesses were Good Samaritan, murderer, and stalker.” Sherlock paused, as if he was allowing John time to betray his surprise.
“Only two miles further,” John said. “See those trees there, in that valley? With a bit of sea beyond it? Manderley is in those woods.”
“You couldn’t have cornered me about this during the day, could you? It had to be treated like an emergency,” John murmured, pausing for a moment.
“I’ll see myself out, stay cryptic,” John says, unceremoniously dumping the cash for the session on the table and making a beeline for the door. How was he meant to solve this mess without Sherlock? He didn’t have a clue.
His eyes snapped open as the glass in the window pane shook, and he whipped his head to stare at Moriarty’s blank face. There was another blast, and then another. Rockets. It was the sound of rockets.
“Well. Aren’t we?” One single brow was arched, and Sherlock appeared more confident than earlier in their conversation. “I am interested in… both directions you have moved in this evening. Wouldn’t you say that suggests compatibility?”
“Yes, she did. She was fond of sailing, and - well - late night picnics.”
“Do you have a history of spending time in opium dens?” John asked, and then, with his face scrunching up, “How am I even supposed to convince a wizard that you’re not fit for service? Especially when you’re perfectly capable of flying around at night, and doing who knows what in those mixing bowls.”
“I prefer,” John said, “to sleep at night.”
“Are you going to tell me how you knew about the victim’s suitcase?” Sherlock returned, sharp as a whip.
“His companion? Does that mean something I’m not aware of?” Watson asked, a quirk playing about his thin lips. Success.
“That’s not what I was -” Sherlock started to say before breaking off, looking away, and then back again with more intensity than had ever been directed at John in recent memory.
“Really, Sherlock it’s just hair,” Mrs Hudson said, which only prompted Sherlock to shout,
No academic or scientific study had ever been given this much of his focus. He felt as though all the blood in his body was seeking out John’s touch, and his mind was thrumming and buzzing in anticipation.
John eyed him dubiously, but nodded.
Yeah, I had gathered that. Well done, you. Great innuendo. Made perfect sense.
It was sweet, in a way, that SH believed with their entire seemingly logical mind that vulnerability would need to be taken into consideration. Naive, even, though John doubted SH would like to be described that way. SH was clearly experienced, and not innocent in that regard.
> You really don’t mess about, do you.
The man followed the directions perfectly, the image of obedience now that he was getting exactly what he wanted. John could hear his panting breaths as the man rolled and rubbed his own nipple, his lower lip held between his teeth. He was watching John with hooded eyes, still cracked open, as if reluctant to lose sight of John’s signs and moving lips.
“I’m fond of
“John!” Mike clapped him on the back. “They said someone was dropped off by the Wizard Holmes, I can’t believe it was you! No wonder you’re late!”
could walk up this many steps,” she said, only a bit out of breath.
Mrs Hudson had in fact become indispensable to them, having catalyzed Sherlock’s new small business. She had happened to connect him with another woman in trouble, and from her another, till his reputation had spread and formed an informal consultancy. Even the police were starting to take notice of his occupation, seeing as he and John often ran into them at the end of their engagements.
“Well, I thought we’d keep it simple for this time around,” John replied, and with a wicked grin, swiftly pulled down the trousers that were still partially open from his earlier enthusiastic groping.
They went down to the bay together, picked up by the magistrate, Colonel Barclay, and the captain of the ship they had met the day before. The lighter was already out on the water by the time they arrived, despite it being half past five, ready to drag the boat up from the water. John was right in thinking that Sherlock would never have voluntarily stood and watched the process. It seemed to take ages, watching as the crane was lowered, and eventually, as the chain pulled, the hull of the sailboat breaking the water’s surface. Looking on as the water spilled out from the boat’s sides, Sherlock still holding John’s cold hand in his, thinking about Mary’s body being there inside the cabin.
“John,” Sherlock said, scrubbing his hands in the basin. “We’ve already discussed it. I’m happy to do it. Unless you’re unsure…?”
He had never been so glad to see Moriarty enter a room. Moriarty’s eyes slid over both of them with disinterest.
Sherlock blew air out through his nose in a loud huff and leaned back in the tub, arms resting along the sides. “Well, what does one matter?” he cried out. “I couldn’t help it. The smell of it, John!”
“Ingenious,” Sherlock said, grinning helplessly, coats open and loose.
“I suppose not,” Sherlock responded, his forehead wrinkling slightly in confusion. What did France have to do with it?
John’s been living in a blissed out daze since the beginning of this, this change in their relationship, from a near death experience on a case, to confessions, to heartfelt, chaste kisses. They haven’t moved much past kissing - John isn’t quite sure how to make the transition, and he wants to proceed as slowly as Sherlock needs, given his relative inexperience.
Once the job had been done, Watson smirked at him. “I can see why you might have been picked by thieves. I mean, aside from being in the wrong spot at the wrong time.”
