“I’ll teach you… we can work on your skills while you help me recuperate. You should be ready by Christmas. Ouch!”
Mummy Violet replies “We’ll think of something, never you worry! We’ll talk with Micie, maybe he knows of something. Oh boys, it will be wonderful to see you married. Your Father and I will head up to London later today, Mycroft can put us up. This is so exciting! My baby boy is getting married!”
It has been two and a half hours and lots of oohing and awing over Rosie and various yarn projects. Several pots of tea were drunk, most of the biscuits and the food that Mrs. Hudson had prepared for the afternoon was consumed. Numerous suggestions for improvements and lots of instructions for John on how to improve his knitting and how to start a crocheted blanket. John remembered to send three texts off to Sherlock, the last when he put Rosie down for her afternoon nap up in her room as it was quieter up there.
“A mutual friend, Mike Stamford, introduced us. I was looking for a flat mate and John needed to move out of the dismal housing the military put him in.”
John watched the exchange and noticed a discoloration under Sherlock’s jacket when he turned to watch Greg leave. “Sherlock, were you cut? Let me look at it.” Beckoning Sherlock closer with his right hand.
The men run away before John can get to where Sherlock was tossed over. Without hesitating John dives over the side into the water. The tide is in, the water is cold and murky; only the lights under the bridge arches illuminate the water. It’s too dark to see much of anything under the water, John rises to take a deep breath before diving down once again. John swears as though it takes an hour to find his lover but it took less than two minutes. Johns fingers find the ever present Belstaff, he almost sighs in relief as he starts to pull Sherlock back to the surface.
Angelo returns with champagne and servers with our appetizers and a few candles for the table. Conversation returns to the mundane. Until Mycroft’s pocket ‘dings’ “Excuse me” he says while he pulls it out. “Ah, lovely. As soon as we can arrange for Mummy and Father to get into London we can have your ceremony.” He grins at Sherlock who pales slightly. We both forgot his parents tonight, not good.
John Watson, Sherlock Holmes, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft Holmes, Greg Lestrade, Molly Hooper, Mary Morstan, Sarah Sawyer
“Why? Give me one good reason to go back to that, that lying bitch! Nothing she’s told me is the truth, not even her bloody name!”
Sherlock puts a finger to his lips for Lestrade to keep his voice down. “John didn’t sleep well last night and he has a bit of a fever, try not to wake him.”
Sherlock half smiles, “Mycroft is seven years older than I. According to him, Mummy told him he had to watch over me the day she and Father brought me home. I do remember there was a time I used to adore my big brother. I listened in when he had piano lessons, I would run up to the attic where we had an old upright and replay everything Mycroft’s teacher showed him. I would take his old school books and read them. Everyone thought I was just pretending to read, but I comprehended everything. When I started asking relevant questions Mycroft started teaching me more advanced subjects.
“It might be interesting to go, could do with a change of pace. We could use a holiday, do us both some good to get away and unwind.” I can’t believe I just heard Sherlock Holmes utter that statement. It must show on my face. “What? I can’t take a holiday?” he asks incredulously.
We enjoyed the shower thoroughly again, this time Sherlock seduced me. After a short nap we ordered room service and ate in front of the telly watching a Dr. Who marathon on BBC America. In the morning, after checking out, Sherlock made a quick stop at the Tout Sweet Patisserie for breakfast and to grab something decent to nibble on the plane home.
He points to the door furthest from the woodstove “I have a bed in there, I sleep up here every so often. I was up here while we were emailing a couple weeks ago. Try to avoid the place, if I read my emails I have a tendency to accept assignments. Hence the necessity of you two being here. The middle room holds the gun safes, video and reading libraries and the room by the porch has Diana’s dog grooming and show gear.”
“No, John is right… I shouldn’t have said anything here. My shift ends in an hour, why don’t I meet you at Baker Street around half six.”
Sherlock was in full strop mode. He showered then wrapped himself in a sheet and wandered about the flat. He had not slept for days and he needed to rest but his mind would not shut off. After the second hour of not being able to sleep due to the scratching of the violin I felt sorry for Mrs. Hudson and myself and went to do something about it!
Sherlock walks in to check on me “I didn’t want to wake you earlier, looked like you needed the rest.” He places the back of his hand on my forehead. “You’re flushed, I’ll go see if Kevin has a thermometer so we can take your temperature.”
“Wedding breakfast?” I sound panicked even to myself “What wedding breakfast?” I blurt out. Mary and I didn’t do that.
I notice an axe next to a pile of wood rounds. Picking up the axe, I notice two logs stacked on top of each other. I give a test swing and split the top log in half. Satisfying. I adjust the log and continue to split the rest of the log. I grab another, then another. Out of the corner of my eye I notice the front door open around the fourth log. Sherlock leaves the door open, closing the screen door, he has his violin in hand. He plays while I split more rounds.
Mycroft looks arrogantly at her, “I have my methods. He will be here within” glances at his watch, “the hour. I expect every courtesy to be accorded to him.” The last sentence was not a request.
“Yeah. In the end it took three months and several operations to fight the infection that set in.” I look at Sherlock apologetically “I’ll probably have nightmares about this tonight, you may want to sleep in Rosie’s room.”
Sherlock stops moving and smirks at her, “Oh, I wouldn’t say that… You two left quite a bloody mess at the Smith house. Should be more careful when breaking and entering through windows.” Looking at her closely, “You’re pregnant.” Roberta’s eyes widen, “Oh, interesting. Incest. Does he know?” Sherlock chances a glance over to her brother, “No, probably not since he is seeing another woman on the side. The girlfriend must not know about you or this profession.”
With a soft voice, “Let me do a quick exam. Afraid I’ll have to use a light, I’ll try to be quick.” Doctor Jacobs clicks on a pen light taken from his pocket. Inspects John’s eyes. Removes the bandage wrapped around his head to check the wound, using his pen light to see, pressing here and there. Does a few quick movement and strength tests, all without waking Sherlock. “I’d like an MRI to be sure, but I believe time will fix your symptoms John.”
“The vineyards are picking and crushing their grapes. The white grapes are being picked now, reds are usually picked between now and the beginning of November.” We grab a couple shopping carts and head inside the store “Three boxes arrived from England, I left them on your bed at the ranch.” Kevin says as we show our cards to the person at the door “Thought I’d pick up a couple new throw rugs, between the two vehicles we should be able to get everything back. Oh, and a bottle of champagne to celebrate your marriage!“ He slaps me, hard, on the shoulder, I wince a bit as he hit the left one over my scars.
“Will do” as I add yet another question for Kevin on the notepad on the table. “Did he send anymore pictures?” I rub Sherlock’s thigh just a bit higher.
“The blond gentleman, Doctor John Watson. He was accosted three days ago; head trauma. He regained consciousness a couple hours ago. He was experiencing double vision, nausea, a head ache, as well as a sensitivity to light.” Shaking and dropping Doctor Jacobs’ hand. Glancing at the bed. “Just before half six he underwent a seizure. It lasted less than thirty seconds, I was a witness. No previous personal or family history of having any.” Mycroft reports quietly.
Sherlock starts to unpack John’s duffle bag, leaving a few items of clothing off to the side. John frowns at the slowly growing pile but says nothing while he’s hanging shirts and slacks in the wardrobe out of the suitcase. When John is finished, laying his housecoat over the foot of the bed, his curiosity gets the better of him.
Sherlock takes the map and opens it again. I glance at him “I can teach you how to read it if you want or need me to.” I quietly let him know.
“John! You’re awake, thank God! How do you feel?” relieved, thinking to himself maybe ‘I statements aren’t so bad after all’. Grabbing a cup of water and straw from the nearby table for John to take a sip.
I reach down and grab his hands in mine before Sherlock can lower the zipper. “Yours. Upstairs love” I raise his left hand and kiss the ring “I want you upstairs”.
“Early this morning they pulled me out of the cell. Once again, I was stripped and deloused and put, dripping wet in a cold holding area, my handcuffs were secured to a metal post, and they gagged me. Three guards were on me backstage until they removed the gag. I head butted one while another gave me a shot of something, most likely diazepam from the effects, finally they removed the ankle cuffs and then led me onto the stage. You know the rest.”
“In about half an hour. I gave them your phone number John to text when they near so you can meet them at the gate.”
I know from the cab ride over Sherlock’s arse is sore from the strike I gave him last night. He shakes his head slowly side-to-side “I don’t feel like sitting” a bit sheepishly.
While Sherlock prepares a plate of food, Greg makes himself useful and refills the kettle and turns it on. Greg then sits at the end of the table, next to John, leaving Sherlock room to work. Greg announces to the room at large, “You two are great with Rosie, I haven’t been concerned with anything I’ve ever witnessed.”
When Sherlock is done examining the body I go see if I can find anything. I notice a small needle prick behind her ear and show it to Sherlock and Greg. “Looks like a small gage needle, something used for insulin maybe.” According to Greg neither spouse is diabetic.
“Like I said, in the spring I gutted this place, room by room, to update the wiring and add insulation. I also did mini renovations to the kitchen and bath. I love the old stove but wanted a dishwasher, I rearranged a couple cabinets and found room for one. Hardly use it, but it does make a great dish rack.” He drops my bag, reaches over to the top drawer next to him and pulls out a folded knife and hands it too me. “I left a few ‘goodies’ in the top left drawers you wouldn’t be able to get on a plane. You’ll need that to open your boxes, let me know if you need anything else.” He brushes past Sherlock who moved out of the way just in time.
Sherlock gives his mother a hug, then his father as he says “Thank you, both of you!” He catches Mycroft’s eye and nods his thanks.
Before the argument can fully take off John injects, “Mycroft, I’m positive that between Sherlock, myself and a little assistance from Mrs. Hudson we’ll be able to take care of Rosie ourselves perfectly fine.” Commanded by Captain Watson. “It’s not like I’m helpless, I can take care of myself.” Seeing the look Mycroft gives him. ”I can always grow a beard. (Sherlock snorts) We won’t be needing any help from Nurse Levi. I will, however, accept Mike checking in, once a day, on his way home.”
“Why don’t you take a shower, it’ll help release more of your tension. If you’re still tense after, I’ll give you a massage.” Sherlock purrs the last sentence into John’s ear so Lestrade won’t hear.
“Okay.” Opening his briefcase and handing over a stack of files, “Mycroft sent people to change my office door and replace the windows with bullet proof glass. What’s going on, should I be worried?”
“Just before my cousin Nancy shot herself, we noticed my aunt seemed to be having issues with her memory and wanted to have her checked by a neurologist to see if we could halt or reverse some of her memory loss. Kim convinced her we were sending her to a psychiatrist to have her committed so we could steal her house. The day of the appointment my aunt ran away from home to Kim’s flat. My mother and I were to drive her to the doctor.
I’m starting to get a bit annoyed with him, it must show. Sherlock takes my hand and kisses my knuckles. “No case. I am happy and want to marry the man I love.” He beams down at me, I grin back and relax.
I pull off his cock, “Soon love, soon. Don’t hold back, I want to hear you.” I add a third slicked finger.
“Sherlock, you promised you were not going to go off on your own this time. That. Was. The. Deal.” I snarl.
John shuts his eyes and resists the urge to massage his forehead while leaning against the exam bed. Since January, stress brings headaches and Sherlock being injured brings stress. Being hit in the head yet again doesn’t help either.
We pick up Mrs. H promptly at half six so we can meander the few minutes to Angelo’s. When we arrive there is a black sedan out front, Sherlock, carrying Rosie, scowls “What is he doing here? I didn’t invite him, did you John?”
This is the fourth time they’ve gone over this. Sherlock is desperate to be at John’s side, throwing his hands up in the air he answers, yet again, frustrated. “Muldoon threw John, hard, at the wall, stunning him. Muldoon was attacking John, John was dazed, defenceless. Muldoon would have killed him! I had no choice but to fire!”
A few hours later… “John dear, we have a fully stocked liquor cabinet. What can I get for you?” Violet Holmes asks as he and Sherlock come into the lounge from gathering Rosie from her afternoon nap. Siger, humming, is placing another log in the woodstove filling the home with a comforting warmth.
“I, um, guess I’ll just go and, um, fetch us some coffee then…” Greg gives us a look before handing Rosie back to Sherlock and wanders out. We continue to write quietly while he’s gone, glancing at one another every so often. When Greg returns with three mugs he stands in the doorway for a moment. “Coffee” he says as he walks in distributing mugs.
“I told you what I wanted! None of these Omega have even come close to that. And quite frankly I’d rather have a male at this point, these women have too many emotions and their perfumes reek!” He bellows as he storms out of the room.
John and Sherlock head out and are almost back to the rental agency with the lorry when the reply from Molly comes in.
Sherlock sits in his chair and sighs, “The worst of the effects usually go away if he can fall asleep. He can be sensitive to light for a day or two. Scents no longer bother him, but some flavors do; bacon seems to be one of the worst. His right temple will be tender to the touch when he wakes as well, above that left from the scar.”
The jewellery store we end up at looks just as expensive as the Saville Row tailor. Sherlock must see my hesitation. “Don’t worry John, they owe me a favour” as he hits a buzzer for them to open the door.
Coughing again, “The officer at the station who booked me wouldn’t listen to anything I said, I didn’t see his name tag and the others only referred to him as ‘Sarge.’ I told him my name and why I didn’t have any documentation. I was never allowed to call anyone, Bart’s would have backed up my claim.” Stamford nods while working. “I was stripped, searched and placed in a holding cell with several others overnight. In the morning we were shackled together and shoved into the back of a van. Once we arrived at the new location we were separated. I was stripped and searched again, deloused then thrown into a cell with only a pair of threadbare pants for modesty and warmth. Not sure about the others but I was only given a piece of bread once a day through a flap in the bottom of the cell door. Thankfully there was a spigot for water over the toilet in a corner of the cell.”
Mike glances at his watch, “I need to head out, and I have a class in a few minutes. Doctor Murray said he’d drop by with a copy of your contract when his shift is over. I’ll stop by later, have the duty nurse call if you need anything before then.”
Frowning I open the envelope to find a pre-nuptial agreement. I read through it quickly, not finding anything overly offensive. When I’m almost finished, Sherlock comes to read it over my shoulder.
It was the same argument as always. His only boy was a poofter, a lowly Omega! She must have cheated on him, must have invited the mailperson or someone in to hold her over until he returned from work during her heat. It didn’t matter that the DNA test proved his theory wrong, he was right dammit!
John had spent most of the day quietly reading while occasionally stealing glances at his brooding husband. Sherlock, spent the majority of the day leaning against the wall next to the window He was outfitted in a tan dressing gown over John’s oatmeal jumper while quietly watching the falling snow outside. The snow building up on the outside of the window panes was climbing higher as the day wore on, the forming ice crystals reflecting the firelight within.
“John was concerned people would think he was moving on too soon.” Sherlock admits, glancing at John.
“Hi John. I, um…” Molly turns a deep red, “I want to have a baby. And I want you and Sherlock to be the fathers. Well… I don’t care which of you is the father, that is. That and I, um, I don’t want to do AI… Natural... I want a natural impregnation.” Molly states.
As the song ends, the taller man leans down and whispers in his partner’s ear, “I love you John Watson Homes.”
Back on the road north I look at the sights, the fog is clearing the further North we go. I point out what looks like a high end resort, bathed in morning sunlight, at one location only to have Sherlock laugh at me. “John that’s a prison, San Quentin if I’m not mistaken”.
“I don’t have many friends John. I didn’t realize that Molly and Greg were friends until I had to leave...” He takes a deep breath. “It’s not safe to allow Euros out of Sherrinford, I should see her before we leave for a month though. Do you want to visit this time? I understand if you don’t.”
A relaxed, well fed, Lestrade went home a couple hours later. Mrs Hudson and I ended up talking while Rosie played with her blocks on the floor. Between us we came up with the perfect groom gift for Sherlock. Now to keep it a secret from him.
“I’ll add that question to the list, in the meantime click on the first picture.” Still rubbing that thigh.
Guiltily I heedlessly throw the crop, it lands in the kitchen sink. “You broke your promise!” I stalk over to the desk and pick up the lists we made. “Punishment is in order. Bottom drawer, my nightstand, black box, bring it here.” I clip the order, glaring at him.
Sherlock stands and swirls around to face Greg “Yes, this is a body dump. There isn’t enough blood here for the amount of trauma. He was killed elsewhere and left here. Check the CCTV footage, you might be able to find whoever left him here. Let us know when the body is at the morgue.” He turns to me “Come John, breakfast.” I quirk and eyebrow at him and follow.
Behind John, Mary demands, “Whatever Sherlock has to say he can say in front of everyone John.” If looks could kill John surmises both he and Sherlock would be dead right about now. Mary is glaring daggers at them both.
Greg coughs intermittently in the background and watches as John slowly relaxes into Sherlock’s arms, practically sitting in Sherlock’s lap. The two men breathing together as Sherlock whispers into John’s ear, rubbing a hand up and down his back. Standing, Greg spots John has a fistful of the front of Sherlock’s shirt, his other hand not visible under Sherlock’s suit jacket. Coughing once again he grates out “I’m going to hit the head.” Leaving the two men alone.
“Yes” we both answer. I shiver as I recall my first introduction to Mycroft. Sherlock looks at me “Later” I tell him.
John plops, ungracefully, into the nearest kitchen chair. He sits, elbows on the table, head in his hands, palms covering his eyes. “Please. Rosie in bed already?” he wonders.
“Well, this is the third body missing a head in three weeks. Last two have been Russian mafia blokes, this one has the same tattoo on his wrist as the others.”
“Let’s see… Daly City, San Francisco, Novato, Rohnert Park, Santa Rosa and Ukiah from the map. Ask Kevin which location he prefers, there are several we will have to drive by on our way north.”
“They were broadsided by a drunk driver coming home from church one Sunday, died on scene.” Hugging Sherlock closer. “We’re a jolly pair” with a snort.
To Greg’s great surprise, Sherlock cleans up the mess he’d just made, taking sips of his coffee along the way. When everything is cleaned up, including the dishes from last night, Sherlock refills the kettle and clicks it on.
John removes the cuff, placing it on the side table, and grabs an alcohol swab and the needle for the blood draw. Even with extensive evidence of past intravenous drug use, John is able to get a needle into a vein on the first try and extracts four vials of blood for a variety of tests. Putting a plaster over the needle prick when done. “Next I’ll listen to your heart and lungs then check your reflexes.”
Taking a deep breath and removing the plates from the microwave, putting a dish in front of Greg on the table along with a spoon. “Sorry. I’ll take Rosie. Eat while it’s hot. Harry, John’s sister, came to visit earlier today. She had been drinking before she arrived… things only went downhill from there.” Placing Rosie in the highchair to begin preparing her formula.
John huffs, “I need this bloody catheter and IV removed. Then I’d like to take a shower, a shave and have clean sheets. Then I’d like to have a decent cup of tea.” He sighs. “But I’ll take the first two for now.” Glaring at the nurse.
Sherlock sits and takes up his cup for a sip. “I would like an evening ceremony John. Half six is a good time. We can have the ceremony then wander through the park and go to Angelo’s for supper.”
“You came into the kitchen, started to tell me you didn’t feel good and passed out. I caught you before you hit the floor. I was able to carry you out to the car and buckle you in.” I pause and he squeezes my hand. “I almost forgot Rosie in my haste. I’m a bit afraid to admit.” I confess, low.
Sherlock blinks a few times in rapid succession, holds up John’s phone in his hand “Sarah. Do you want to work today?” Shaking his head no with a pleading expression, pupils blown wide, a growing bulge in the front of his trousers.
“That’s Sherlock’s, he’s had that since we met.” I smile as I fondly recall the memory “He left after deducing me to grab his crop that he left in the morgue. He leaves it in the oddest places, found it the shower once…” I’m trying for nonchalance, not sure if it’s working or not.
Mrs. Hudson interrupts, “Your brother and that nice inspector are working, and you have other things to consider.” Glancing meaningfully at John. “Which reminds me, Dr. Stamford dropped off a couple of bottles with me for you dear.” Pulling the prescription bottles, one each containing antibiotics and a pain reliever, out of a pocket in her flowered jumper, leaving them on the table next to John before turning back to the steaming pot on the hob.
Things don’t look too good. Thankfully, Roberta trades prisoners with her brother. Sherlock is able to wriggle closer to the worktable he was backed up against and seized a couple bits of wire to try and pick the lock on the cuffs. Robert is too engrossed watching his sister to take guarding Sherlock too seriously; the prisoner is handcuffed, what’s he going to do?
Sherlock readies shaving cream and picks up a straight razor. He turns, takes the flannel off and applies a layer of cream over my warmed whiskers. He leans forward again and sensually “stay still sir, don’t want any accidents.” Sherlock runs the blade down my face, wiping the razor clean at the end of each swipe. Over and over he works the blade over my face, look of complete concentration on his features. When I think he’s done he warms the flannel again and removes any cream residue.
“Good, how’s that going by the way? I was thinking of talking to Daniel about setting up an exercise routine for me. The improvement of your numbers at your annual physical last month were phenomenal.”
“Next to Sherlock I’d say you’re one of my best friends. You free or did Sherlock snap you up already?” I ask with a grin, bouncing a now giggling Rosie on my knee.
Sherlock noticed the exchange and moves himself between Kevin and myself while making it not look too obvious. He’s looking everywhere, feigning obliviousness, I squeeze his hand as a thank you. We end up going down every aisle, checking out what the store has to offer. Sherlock and I find a few more shirts, denims and wool socks for ourselves and a couple cute outfits for Rosie. The throw blankets were so soft we had to get a couple for ourselves and one each for Mrs. Hudson and Molly. The pharmacy had lube, Sherlock grabbed us several bottles. I collect a few other supplies as I had to leave my medical bag at Baker Street. Our basket was practically full by the time we found the nappies, Sherlock grabbed two large boxes and a case of wipes.
“Tend to John Sherlock, I’ll see to Rosie.” Comes through the monitor along with shushing noises aimed at dogs and an upset child.
“I… I’m not exactly sure why I reacted the way I did earlier, when I came back… I was so upset and relieved, and then angry.” Waving his hands about.
This is the end of this section. Should have waited to write the whole thing before posting, kept wanting to go back and change things. I am more of an editor than a writer. I may add to the series in the future but will only post when it’s complete, I want to know what happens too. Live and learn.
I’m getting a look of horror. “Chores Sherlock, you agreed. Start scrubbing, don’t make me say it again. You may put pants on for protection.”
Smirking, “Right, how can I forget? Okay, beheadings in abandoned restaurants… I believe you named the case ‘Head Bangers’ on your blog?” Greg adds.
“I'm dreaming tonight of a place I love even more than I usually do. And although I know it's a long road back, I promise you. I’ll be home for Christmas, you can count on me. Please have snow and mistletoe, and presents on the tree…”
Sherlock sits on the bed, placing the cup of tea on the nightstand within John’s reach. “Mrs. Hudson took Rosie downstairs, said we needed to talk…” staring at the floor, hands held tightly between his knees.
The gossip flying about the room goes abruptly silent as a certain Consulting Detective slams open the door to the flat and stands in the doorway glowering at the strange women in his lounge.
She smiles and huffs at me “John! It’s your wedding night, there should be no distractions! Molly and I will be at her place along with Rosie, we’ll have a girl’s night. We will bring Rosie back the next day for the wedding breakfast.”
Sherlock handed his husband John a glass of merlot as he stood up from tending the fire. From down the hall, they can hear a clock chime midnight. “Happy Christmas John.” Clinking the glasses together.
He looks me in the eyes “I don’t mind, but I believe I will call you John in public especially as we sort this out ‘Sir’. Surprisingly, I slept well last night.”
I may just have to make today an annual celebration as Sherlock come back with edible food including milk! At the moment Sherlock is in the kitchen preparing dinner, I didn’t know he had it in him. “I didn’t know you knew how to cook” as I lean against the kitchen door “What are we having?”
“You are brilliant!” Taking Sherlock’s hand to lead him up the stairs. “Let’s go cheer up our girl then!”
“In that case Sherlock, you shouldn’t see me in my ‘dress’ as it were. Bad luck and all.” I grin back. “Why don’t you go out front and see what you can find for yourself while we fit the tux.”
An hour and a half later though, things are different at Marks and Spencer. “This is too much Sherlock…” John starts to protest.
Sherlock booked a room at a Bed & Breakfast just down the road, easy access he said. We arrived the day after a duck-napping and set ourselves up for a long night waiting for their return. Our wait wasn’t as long as we (mostly I) feared. In the end Mrs. Parker knew her duck-napper, a former colleague and now, former, close friend. We were even able to retrieve the missing feathers from Mr. Price’s home. As a bonus for catching the duck-napper so quickly our thankful client gifted us with a lovely down comforter and some homemade goat cheese.
I mention we are in need of some baby food for Rosie as Costco had mostly formula. The individual applesauce containers we found there are a good start though.
The men lead the Doctor down the hall to Sherlock’s darkened bedroom. Sherlock enters first, turning on a bedside light while calling out to the man on the bed “John? There’s a Doctor here to see to your wounds. No one will hurt you here, you’re safe.”
I’m nodding along and just as I open my mouth to reply my computer ‘dings’ with a new email. “Kevin replied. Let’s see, he says we’ll need rain gear a warm coat and hiking boots. If we want to hunt he’ll leave us a couple guns and ammunition; one of the dogs is fantastic on birds. Nothing fancy, the nearest town is eleven miles away and is very casual; jeans and t-shirts. The place is an old sheep ranch, little to no pavement. He’s looking forward to seeing us.” I grin at Sherlock “I’ll need to take you shopping.”
“It’s for the hospital, well the day care, they sent an email out asking the ‘mothers’ (spreading his floured specked hands to imply himself) to mix up a batch or two of biscuit dough. They give the children snacks throughout their stay and the staff would prefer something healthier than store bought. They even sent along a few recipes.” Pointing at his laptop on the end of the table. “I started the chocolate chip recipe, we had the ingredients. I’ll need to make a trip to the shops later for some of the ingredients for the oatmeal ones.”
The dirt road improves when we reach the bottom and merges into another. “I was thinking of letting a few of the roads revert back to nature. That being one of the first. This place has a rat-warren of roads! There are a few signs but they are few and far between.” As we’re driving by the ‘Doe Pasture’ sign.
Three more women are sold before the next group consisting of males from teen to mid-thirties are led out. The blond man is the last in line, his guard, sporting a recently broken nose along with two black eyes, is holding the ever-present lead extremely short. Sherlock quickly glances at the other slaves before fixating on him. There is something about him Sherlock can’t quite put his finger on. The fierce look is gone, his eyes look glassy and glazed over, obviously drugged. Looks as though he hasn’t shaved in a couple of weeks from the length of the beard on his face. There are a few bruises visible along his legs and torso that look like boot marks, recently inflicted. A new bruise is forming over the blonde man’s right eye, fresh blood slowly trickling down the right side of his face.
“I was wondering, could you, um? Could you lay down in the bedroom and think? I sleep better with you near…”
“You don’t give all of your patients exams like that do you Doctor Watson?” Sherlock pants out, trying to catch his breath, splayed out over the table on his stomach.
Every day we took the dogs for a walk somewhere while carrying a rifle and a shotgun. Sherlock usually had Rosie strapped to his chest as his wrist was still sore, rifle over a shoulder. I had Jagger on leash with the shotgun and supplies, including the nappy bag, in a backpack. Odin ran loose, staying close to whomever had Rosie. We never did see hogs but did bag a couple jack rabbits and a few more quail which we enjoyed for dinner, leaving whatever birds we didn’t consume for Kevin in his freezer. Both dogs proved themselves useful at pointing and retrieving birds.
Kevin sent me a text earlier letting us know he was released back into civilian life again and was headed home. Sherlock and I had about a four-hour window to collect some of the stuff we’ve left lying around. Thankfully, we hadn’t spread out too far and I did give the office and main house another thorough cleaning a couple of days ago.
“Good. Good, I’ll, um, just go then.” Turning toward the door then turns around to cross to the breakfront on the far wall to open a drawer. He hands Mike red silk pants on his way out, “John might like some clothes. These are new, never worn. Make yourselves at home. Don’t open the right crisper drawer in the refrigerator. Text if you need anything, I should be back shortly.” Sherlock finally turning, leaving the room feeling empty without his presence.
“Kevin took Joe to lunch to check him out then invited him up to the ranch. Kevin offered Joe the two room place by the pond but Joe preferred the A-frame near the water tank.”
Mycroft had been texting and puts his phone away, “Ah, just you and me now John. I have requested a neurologist to stop by to assess you.”
Kevin’s mouth starts spewing information, non-stop. “Bread, ala Jacques Pepin. Since Diana showed me this recipe I rarely buy bread anymore, there is a purchased loaf of a dark rye in the freezer, hard to get that one right.
I sigh and collect my thoughts “I got that moniker in the service, you can thank Bill Murry for it. When I was off-duty I would shag anything I could get a leg over, mainly women. The first few were from Africa, America and England – three continents. I got a reputation, rumours flew that helped with subsequent conquests. I truthfully don’t remember the exact number though. I always used a condom, only safe sex.” The more I talk, the tenser Sherlock becomes “Are we still okay?”
“I want the catheter removed. I would like to get cleaned up. Oh, tell Sherlock not to dress. I’ll probably need his help to shower and definitely to shave.” John presses the button again.
The kitchen has a large marble counter with an eating area so we had agreed to purchase a dining set, along with several stools for the counter. Sherlock and I picked out a truck load (literally!) of goods; something for every room of the house and a few things for outside. Thankfully Costco delivers and Doug was at the house to let them drop everything off. The bill was astronomical; most expensive nappies ever!
Too early in the morning, John and Sherlock wake to the sounds of thumping footsteps, loud coughing, and then multiple cupboard doors slamming in the kitchen. Next the fall of heavy footsteps down the hall and several booming knocks on their bedroom door. “Guys, you awake?” Lestrade calls out.
Sherlock walks around the table to pick up Rosie from Greg. “Let’s go home John, we have a flat to debug. Again.”
John returns to the lounge, hanging up Sherlock’s coat and scarf as Mrs. Hudson looks up and frowns as Sherlock is not behind him. “Sherlock went up to tend Rosie, she’s awake.” He reassures her, massaging his right temple. “Thank you for your company ladies and for the lessons. I need to go lay down, you’re all welcome to stay as long as you need to.”
“That’s arterial spray, looks off though. Are they sure there are no bodies lying around?” That line caught Kevin’s attention and he looks up so fast he must have hurt himself.
“No, you’re not fine. Sit down and relax, I will make the tea. We can order in tonight.” Hands me my phone, “See if Molly can keep Rosie, I think we could both use the rest after the last couple days.”
We head up the seventeen steps and put our bags to the side. I head to my laptop to send a note to Kevin about where to ship items. Sherlock flops onto the floor with Rosie and grabs the stuffed bumble bee toy she favours.
As they go in the main door, walking through the kitchen, John points out, “There is beer and soda in the fridge, glasses for water in the cupboard next to it. Coffee and tea are at the main house, sorry.”
Harry arrives around mid-day. John was preparing a lunch bottle for Rosie as Harry rang the bell. Sherlock takes over in the kitchen, clicking on the kettle they filled earlier as John goes down to let his sister in.
Sherlock takes a step closer to John, “I’m aware of that John, I just keep forgetting how magnificent you are.” Cupping Johns’ blushing face in his hands Sherlock leans down for a kiss. “God how I’ve missed you” he murmurs as he claims Johns’ mouth.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and lets it out down the back of John’s neck, sending shivers down his lovers back. “You prefer tea in the morning, obviously.”
“Stop Mycroft. I’m going to put you on speaker, you can tell John your idiotic plan.” Sherlock hits a button and places his phone on the table, then starts to pace. We are up at the ‘office’ checking emails; Rosie is watching a nature program on the telly.
Sherlock has arranged for us to spend the night at the Fairmont Hotel, in the Napoleon Suite. There are two bedrooms, 2-1/2 baths and a sitting room. Sherlock and I select the room with the King bed and large shower and set Rosie up in the room with the two Queen beds and the tub. The hotel staff have already brought up a crib for her and placed it in the double room. The view from our bathroom overlooks the Transamerica pyramid, the other windows show downtown San Francisco. Rosie and our room is separated by 3 doors, good thing I packed the monitor!
“If you’re amenable Mr. Holmes, I can work in another finger to do a more thorough examination of your prostate.” John adds while continuing to pump his left index finger in and out of Sherlock’s hole, curling his finger over the sensitive nub.
John has no chance to do anything before the booted 6 foot 4 inch tall gorilla, known as Robert King, kicks the side of his right knee knocking him to the ground. John cannot help the gasp of pain he makes, he is not sure if his knee is broken, dislocated or just badly bruised. None of the options are any good.
He sits next to her and gets her to look him in the eye. “When I talked to you a couple hours ago you were sober, you promised me you would stay that way. I told you this was an important night for your little brother. Why did you feel you needed to show up drunk?” he interrogates her quietly.
Sherlock leans forward in his chair “Yes, he said you were shot while trying to help a fellow soldier. He didn’t go into detail other than he was able to stem most of the bleeding in your shoulder before you were both captured.”
Kevin “Yeah, a couple guys know friends, of friends that are having issues with living civilian life. I told them I have several houses available and to spread the word. They would only need to do minimal work, whatever they could handle if they have a disability, mostly help maintaining the roads. I wouldn’t require monetary rent. Let me know if they have families or are willing to share as most places have more than one bedroom. If they can figure out a way to make some cash up here, other than drugs, all proceeds are theirs.”
“Yes, well, the clean clothes aren’t going to put themselves away now are they? If you’re so worried about it you can help me.” Adding grumpily, “It’s not like I’ve been traipsing up and down the stairs doing the wash myself.” Seeing a bemused look on Sherlock’s face, John takes a deep breath, “Sorry, I’m sorry. I’m just so bored!”
I sputter “Wh, what? I found them extremely intimidating. Especially as they had me tied up and were using me as a punching bag!” I practically yell the last part.
The prisons however, were overflowing with murderers and other various criminals. A solution was presented and those in power put it place. At first it was a voluntary act, any non-violent criminal could finish off their prison sentence as slave labour. They would be housed, fed, clothed, and paid a nominal stipend to be given at the time of their release. If they committed a crime while working as a slave they would be sent back to prison, no mercy. Most volunteered just for the chance to escape the harsh prison conditions.
She flicks her brown eyes to his pale grey before staring at the floor again then hands him the file, “The younger sir. He… he…”
Ignoring Sherlock, Lestrade follows him down the hall. From the doorway he could see John was curled up on his right side in the middle of the bed, a towel folded over his eyes. Rosie sleeping near the foot of the queen sized bed, in a portable crib. The curtains were drawn, lights off.
Eyes still closed, breathing slowing. “The pain meds slowed my normal reaction time though.” Yawning, then slurring “They’re finally kicking in now thankfully…”
Greg beat Sherlock back to Baker Street. He took a sleepy John’s fingerprints and was running them through New Scotland Yard’s database via his laptop at the kitchen table, when Sherlock returned.
Miss Rosamond Watson Holmes, age 7, is confused when she hops up the stairs later that afternoon. Usually the door into the lounge from the landing is open when her Uncle Mycroft’s driver drops her home from school. Leaving her book bag on the floor to deal with her homework later, she slowly opens the door and hears music, Dean Martin singing ‘O Christmas Tree’.
The first to be auctioned off are the young, preteen girls, most are crying. They are led on stage by guards, the girls wearing nothing more than leather collars with leashes attached. A silver haired man with dark brown eyes sits down at the table as the first girl is led to a pedestal. The dark-haired man growls low at him, “What are you doing here Lestrade?”
Smiling, “Hello Mrs. Hudson. I’m fine thank you. In fact, I’m moving back in.” Pointing out the door at the lorry, through the snowflakes just starting to fall. “Molly took Rosie for the day, Rosie adores her cat Toby.”
“Yeah, let’s see - ‘bar cabinet’” He clicks the file and it shows half the shelves full of assorted boxes of tea, including Twining’s and PG Tips. “Maybe not a heathen after all” Sherlock mumbles just loud enough for me to hear. One of the other shelves is boxes coffee pods. The top shelf has peanut butter, Nutella, sugar, non-dairy creamer, butter dish, a basket of instant drink mixes. Bottom shelf has larger containers marked ‘rice’, ‘sugar’, ‘flour’ and ‘Bisquick’ along with bottles of vinegars and different oils.
Kevin led us to the Sportsman’s Warehouse just up the frontage road from Costco. We ended up purchasing canteens and ear protection muffs in a youth size. We found a few other necessities as well. Kevin won’t let us purchase ammunition, says he has more than he needs but he picked up a few assorted boxes anyway.
The door slams downstairs and they hear someone rapidly run up the stairs. Sherlock practically runs down the hallway to the bedroom, Rosie on his left hip, bag in his right hand. “John I’m sorry it took so long…” stops in the doorway when he spots Greg hovering bedside. “Lestrade.” Sherlock hands Rosie to Greg then sits on the bed. “I called Mike on the way to the chemist, he sent a prescription for something stronger than paracetamol. I picked up both. Do you want the stronger one?”
The squat man with the beer gut, with black and green teeth orders him yet again, “On your knees slave!”
Kevin looks around the room “Training mostly.” I give him a furrowed look “I’ve had a high success rate liberating captured troops alive. I have been hired to train others how to do what I do. Occasionally the situation is too sensitive and I have to run a mission myself. Next month I’ll be training a new set of recruits, they’ll run a mock operation at the end. Most fail my high standards.” Kevin shrugs.
“I think Rosie was conceived the night we returned from that case in Bristol. It’s a miracle she was conceived though, we were so careful. Mary was on the pill, I always wore a condom… it broke that night.”
I nod along, bouncing Rosie on my knee. I glance at Sherlock, who raises an eyebrow at me. Sighing, “Go on” I encourage.
“Shhhh, I’m not going anywhere, afraid you’re stuck with me love.” He cries for several minutes as I hold him against me whispering reassurances and rubbing his back with my right hand. When he’s finally breathing regularly and relatively calm I ask “Feeling better then?” he nods into my neck. “Good, help me up off the floor then. You can clean tomorrow, we’ve been through enough the last few days, yeah.”
In the silence following the declaration of Mycroft’s arrival, John hears from the stereo playing in the corner:
“Yeah, promise I’ll use the old ones from now on. Store them in the airing cupboard… Oh, you might want to grab the tableware while you’re at it too.”
“He was a right bastard!” Drugs or no drugs I need a drink. I rise and bring back a bottle of cognac and two tumblers. I pour myself a finger and raise an eyebrow at Sherlock, he shows me two fingers. I hand his glass over and take a sip of mine, the slow burn feels good.
John supplies, while preparing tea for himself and Sherlock, “The holes in your plan, and the old divide and conquer.” Then explains further at the look of confusion from the three agents. “He took down Agent Kreisler first. Disabled the lights, then waited until Agent Parks went outside to investigate.” Sherlock is nodding, right hand cradled in his left with an icepack. “Sherlock and I stayed inside, waiting, we spotted Kidde creep by the back windows. Leaving the dogs inside, we worked our way quietly out to meet him. Sherlock confronted Kidde until he did some sort of ninja move and kicked Sherlock’s wrist. By that time I was in position, and before he could attack again I fired.”
“I scanned John's prints. I also sent off a copy to your brother. Mycroft replied he will have his people look into John’s records. According to the NSY Database he is John Doe 6-5-1854, thief extraordinaire. He’s been arrested twice before for burglary. He was shot a couple years ago while brandishing a knife, he stabbed an officer while trying to escape and is suspected of burgling several other residences. Odd thing is, the record covers multiple years but is only a few weeks old.” Turning the laptop around, “Look for yourself.” Flipping open the file folder from the auction house again.
“I hate to admit it, but I prefer the memories Mycroft helps me to remember. The property has a creek running into a pond, we used to have picnics by the pond. I remember playing pirates with my friend Redbeard, Victor Trevor. He disappeared when I was five, Euros did something with him and wouldn’t tell where he was; just sang a riddle. Those were his bones you found in the well.” Sherlock goes quiet, just breathing in John’s scent. John slowly rubbing his shoulder.
An hour later, they are in an exam room at St Bart’s A&E, where they had requested Greg to take them. Waiting for his x-rays to be officially looked at and the surgeon to remove the nail in John’s shoulder, John tends to Sherlock’s wounds with a bit of help.
“Behave then.” John orders as he stars up the stairs, “Oh and we won’t be pouring you anymore alcohol either.” John growls at her over his shoulder.
When Sherlock puts Rosie down, John takes her hand so they can look at their creation together. They had created a three-tiered snowman approximately four-feet tall. Two bits of coal from their fireplace used for eyes, a carrot nose and five buttons used for a smiling mouth. Sherlock found two similar branches with a crook for an elbow and three fingers for each hand.
John tosses and turns. Can’t find a comfortable position. Every time he thinks he’s almost asleep, his brain will throw something at him, it just will not shut off. After an hour and a half he’s had enough of trying to sleep, he’s beyond tired, exhausted.
“No, no noose. Tied up so I am hanging from arms and legs, feet off of the floor. Not a favorite, to be used when I have been extremely naughty. We will have to investigate wax, I’ve never tried that.” He takes a large gulp of his drink.
I can’t help myself and go over to hug him. “Shhh, calm down.” I rub comforting circles over his back.
Angelo comes over to the table to hand out menus and take drink orders, leaving glasses of water all around before heading off again. Greg looks guilty, and seems more upset by Sherlock’s reaction “Yeah, we wanted to keep it a secret. Mycroft and I both have enemies, don’t need to give them any more incentive after all.” I reach for my water and notice Mycroft’s eyes just about pop out of his skull. Ah, the ring, I smile at him over the rim. Angelo brings the bottles of wine we had ordered just then, so conversation takes a lull as he opens and pours wine and takes our food orders. As he is about to turn away I stop him.
Sherlock readies the kettle and flips it on, turns to lean his lower back against the counter. “Since Wolfe and Anderson sent John to hospital he’s been prone to headaches. You’ve known that some of them have been migraines, bad ones. They were almost gone, then yesterday… Muldoon threw him against the wall where John ended up with yet another concussion.” Pointing toward the bedroom, “You saw he had his eyes covered, that’s a sign he had a migraine when he went to lay down. John requested I wake him around 4pm, it’s not quite 3. I will wait and follow his instructions.”
Sherlock nods at John, “Alright John.” He turns to look closely at Mycroft, “You’ll stay until I finish.” Not a question, but Mycroft answers anyway.
They hear talking through the baby monitor, Sherlock’s voice is low as he talks to Rosie as she’s gurgling, “I just did a stupid thing little bee, I overreacted and almost lost you and your Daddy. I don’t know what I’m doing, I’ve never had anyone want to stay around this long before.” John turns the sound off on the monitor, this isn’t something for strangers to hear and the yarn ladies are still in the lounge packing up their projects.
Sherlock is observing from behind John “How long has it been?” he quietly asks. Wiping his hands on his discarded ripped and bloody shirt, binning it when he’s done.
The next day in Greg’s office. “We are looking for Vincent Camorra, part of the Italian Mafia. If I’m correct, and I’m sure I am, he’s operating out of a warehouse near the Thames.” Sherlock states after going over all the evidence collected.
“Why would you care Dr. Watson? You didn’t bother to bond with Sherlock when you got him pregnant!” Seiger sneers back.
“I enjoy them on you!” Turning a light shade of pink, “I don’t need anything so posh. I’m just an ordinary bloke, cotton and lambs wool are just fine with me.”
The guard with the broken nose and two black eyes has a now uncuffed John by a short leash, pulling the leather limited choke collar tight enough to restrict breathing. “You choke my slave much more and I’ll give you a broken arm to go with that nose.” Sherlock snarls at him.
Greg stops by a few minutes after Mycroft. “Hey guys, I brought a few cold case files for Sherlock.” Handing over a battered old backpack to Sherlock. “I tried to find the weirder ones this time, I know how you like the odd cases.”
Knocking on the door while letting himself in the flat with his keys, “Hey Sherlock. Busy?” John greets.
“Right, I’ll just stay out of your way then.” Mrs. Hudson picks up her cleaning supplies and disappears back into her flat with a big smile on her face mumbling something about a celebration. Her boys are both home again.
It works on one Holmes brother, maybe it’ll work on the other. I sit up straight, stare him in the eyes and order “There is nothing wrong, leave it be.”
“Shite” is the first thing John can think of saying as they pass through the doorway, pausing to take it all in. There is a very dead, grimacing man tied to a desk chair with what looks like the tiebacks from the window curtains. It looks as though every bone that can be easily broken had been. Under the chair is an oriental rug with a growing blood stain from the still slowly dripping body seated above. They’ll have to look at the body cleaned up at the morgue to find where all the blood is coming from. The walls and ceilings have castoff blood evidence splattered over them as well.
Doc Angele diagnoses John with an acute kidney infection, he’d had it for a while from the symptom history. They admit John overnight to give him IV antibiotics and bring the fever down. Whatever Mycroft faxed over earlier found John ensconced in a double room by himself and a crib brought in for Rosie. The hospital staff doesn’t even bat an eye that I’m not leaving or sharing John’s bed.
John packed a few easy to clean toys for Rosie along with a change of clothes and extra blankets. Violet, anticipating the need, had purchased a few plastic toys and a bucket to store them in for the occasion.
“No, Sherlock, it’s okay. Let me read it through again, nothing seems out of the ordinary. Mycroft just wants to protect you.” I look up at both of them “I’m not marrying you for your money. I love you, not your possessions…” I read through the document a second time. Mycroft hands me a pen when I’m done. I sign both copies, keeping one and giving the other and the pen back to Mycroft.
On a side note, lawyer Daggett filed a counter suit demanding recompense for the hospital stay and my lost wages. Apparently the two were rather wealthy, note I keyed ‘were’. Between the families of their two victims and the lawsuit lawyer Daggett filed on my behalf, they are no longer so well-off anymore.
“Right. I need to put on pants and change my shirt. I’ll be ready in a few love.” I give Sherlock a quick kiss and saunter down the hall to our bedroom.
Sherlock and I follow Lestrade to his office, he closes the door. I couldn’t help but notice Sherlock was walking a bit strange. “You alright?” He looks me in the eye, flick down to his crotch and then back up. “Oh! Okay, right, never mind.” He’s still wearing the cock cage, must have gotten excited about Donovan getting called out finally. I really can’t help the grin that forms.
Another exasperated sigh comes over the line “You are leaving by September 22nd and I now along with Miss Watson’s passport, I have to procure you both hunting licences for California? Yes, I ‘got’ that. I will have Anthea drop them by when they are ready.”
“Ah, I’ll stop by on my way out then. I have a PT session in…” checks his watch “twenty minutes with Kevin.”
He turns, he is crying and sobs out “I know John, and I didn’t mean to leave you. I thought you were right behind me. I texted Graham, I tried.”
“Good. I still have my service weapon in London. I’m familiar with this type.” I say taking the offered gun from Kevin. I notice the clip is missing, the chamber is empty when I check it.
I find I am doing the same, we are close enough that I can reach out for his hand. “Please remember in the future that when you put yourself into danger you put me there too. If you go off and, get…, get yourself killed. If it were something I could have prevented I’d never get over it. You have to trust me enough to make sure I am with you.”
Sherlock interrupts, “It’s not as if I go to bed every night either. You know I don’t sleep while on a case.”
John goes into detail of why he was in the alley. Blow by blow information on the fight, along with who started the fight. Lestrade insisted he list his injuries and the complications from the resulting concussion. Sherlock wrote everything down, adding additional details where needed. After reading it back to John, Greg has John sign the bottom.
Her Daddy John and Papa Sherlock are putting up what looks like the twentieth strand of twinkle lights around the room and on a large tree!
By 10 the next morning the three of us are fed and dressed for the day. The boxes are sealed, tagged and waiting downstairs by the door. Sherlock is lying on the couch in his Mind Palace seemingly oblivious to the world. Rosie is happily bouncing along in her chair enjoying the classical station I have on the radio. The courier is prompt and delivers a large manila envelope as he takes the boxes.
From behind me I hear Rosie begin to cry and Sherlock trying to soothe her. After a few steps I hear Sherlock start to growl at Kevin, more than likely eviscerating him verbally. I’m too arsed to care…
“I like the country, I have my eye on a place in Sussex that would be a perfect place to retire to.” Sherlock replies.
“Turns out Norberry, the woman who shot Mary, alerted the terrorists of the impending raid. She had been selling state secrets and the only person who knew was a hostage. Mary’s team was to be killed along with the hostages they were supposed to be freeing.”
We work our way upstairs locking the doors to the flat even though we’re alone in the building. I gently guide Sherlock toward our room while leaving trail of clothing behind us. By the time I back Sherlock onto the bed we’re wearing only our socks.
Doctor Murray hands John a folder, “Fantastic. Doctor Quincy lectures one day a week, Wednesday, office hours after. His arthritis has been too bad for several years for him to perform surgery. Doctor Stamford has informed me of your injuries overseas, and I did examine your shoulder when you came in. I’ll take your brains even if I can’t have your hands.” Tapping the folder in John’s hands. “There is a copy of the curriculum in there. Read over the contract, let me know if you have any questions.” Glances at his watch. “I’m on a break, I need to get back downstairs. If you have any questions just give me a call, my number is inside. I really do hope you’ll accept our offer Doctor Watson.” Doctor Murray shakes John’s hand again in parting and leaves.
Kevin points across the way “See that white tower-like structure? That’s 100-yards. To the right of the tower are paper targets, should be easier to spot through the scope. Sit at the bench. Wait a minute, I’ll get a rest for you to use.” Kevin runs back into the barn, coming out with a metal rack and a couple of bags. “Shooting rack, takes most of the recoil.” Looking at me, knowingly. “These are sandbags, rest the barrel on them to steady your shot.” He places both before Sherlock sitting at the bench.
Sherlock glances over John’s shoulder to his fiancée, Mary Morstan (if looks could kill, he would be dead.), then back to the groom. “It’s important John. Please…” stares intently at John raising his right eyebrow, “Please.”
Last week, we finally got down to the Rohnert Park Costco for supplies. I was having flashbacks of my time at war as we drove through northern Santa Rosa. The fire damage we could see from the highway was extensive and several of the fires were still burning off in the surrounding hills. The wild animal park we were going to visit was closed as most of the buildings burnt down but thankfully the animal enclosures were saved along with all of their inhabitants.
I march back to Kevin and grab him by his earlobe dragging him down to my eye level. I start to snarl, teeth bared in his face, “You know I can take you down, bum shoulder and all! What the hell do you think you’re doing? I came here to do you a favour and you all you do is badger my husband? We CAN leave!”
Sherlock and I were called in to investigate a murder, turns out there was a pair of them. During the investigation, while on a stake-out, I was attacked. During the attack I was hit upon the head and rendered unconscious, then moved to a different location where Sherlock was able to track me down, thankfully!
Three poisonings at three different homes scattered across greater London had the officers of NSY pulling out their hair as the press had a field day extolling their failure to catch the culprit responsible. Of course the constables had to call in Sherlock and John to see if they could catch the perpetrator.
From the kitchen a rich baritone growls out, “I’ll be fine Lestrade.” Easing his tone as he continues at the raised eyebrow from John, “I can resist temptation and John is around to keep me in line. I promised him I would stay clean and I will. So, what really brought you here? You’re not on the drugs squad.” As he’s speaking, Sherlock rises and stalks into the lounge to observe Greg.
Sherlock turns without another word to follow Lestrade, John follows at Sherlock’s elbow removing his sunglasses. They are at an old Victorian home, set back from the street, on its own lot, isolated a bit from the neighbours. An iron and brick fence along with a tall yew hedge hide the lawn and flower beds from the street. There is a metallic tang to the air as they walk through the front door of the house. Greg and Peterson, lagging behind, point Sherlock and John into the drawing room to the right of the entryway.
Glancing down Sherlock spots John’s gun, grabs it and fires as Moose moves to take hold of John again. The report of the gun discharging is deafening in the narrow space. A red stain starts to form on Muldoon’s side but he doesn’t go down, the man barely flinched. He turns toward Sherlock and takes a few menacing steps, murder in his eyes, teeth bared. Sherlock fires again, hitting center chest. Over the sight of Muldoon finally dropping face first, Sherlock sees John slowly raise a shaky left hand to the back of his head, grimacing in pain.
After supper, we bathe Rosie and put her to bed together. Sherlock has been reading to her every night since I moved back in. We’ve long finished Treasure Island and my old anatomy tome. Tonight he started basic chemistry.
Sherlock kisses the top of Rosie’s head, “I’m sure as a teenager we will all enjoy her having her own bathroom.”
Rosie is delighted with her room downstairs, we’ll finish redecorating it the next time Molly takes her for a weekend. She and Sherlock are in the lounge reading Treasure Island. She is happily gurgling listening to Sherlock read.
“Thank you love. Y’know what, stay right here. I have something for you as well.” Pulls a bag from behind the couch and hands it to Sherlock.
He feels colder and weaker than when he woke. Something in the back of his brain is telling him he is ill, he has a fever and chills. He crawls back to the bed curling around Siri for warmth.
Calmly, “Paid consultant with the MET with my assistant Sherlock Holmes. I’m taking over Dr. Elias Quincy’s contract, he only lectures once a week. There’ll be a lot of time left for chasing criminals.”
“Of course, just let me put on my shoes. What’s the case about?” John asks as he grabs a shoe off the cold hearth.
Just before Sherlock opens the door Greg gets in one more comment “If either of you need someone to talk to, I’m always available.”
Sherlock decided to bury the hatchet, so to speak, and insisted we make dinner for Kevin’s return. We made sure to have items on hand to make Bolognese so he took charge, with a little bit of prep help from me. I have been really impressed on how well he’s taken to cooking. For some reason Sherlock still has issues with eggs though, they seem to all end up scrambled. We do both miss the hustle and bustle of London, but we’re going to miss the ease of being able to just walk out the door and throw something on the grill.
“Ah, we’ll check his urine then. Might be kidney infection if it’s been going on for that long.” He adds while reading over John’s file. “Doctor, eh? Surprised he didn’t catch it.” he states.
“Oh I’m sure she’ll enjoy that!” John laughs back. “Sherlock and I baked biscuits yesterday, I can donate some to the cause.”
“Bollocks!” John growls, rubbing his aching head. Sherlock whips his gaze to John, “How long have you known Lestrade? Mrs. Hudson? Molly? Me? We’ve been in a relationship of one sort or another since Mike introduced us at Bart’s” stated calmly, reassuring. “Other than you trying to make me leave earlier I thought we were doing rather well.”
Violet must sense the mood around the table shift and changes the subject. “How long will you boys be gone?”
“Alright, so keep an eye on the till then.” John concludes while picking up his hat with a jingle bell sewn on the tip then opening the door to follow his scantily clad husband out to Santa’s Winter Wonderland.
“Oh! John, we should bring all the blankets, the power went out week before last. It was cold, even with a fire.” Fingers the linens. “Leave the sheets though, mine are of better quality.”
“You ain’t standin’ at all werewolf!” The older man sneers. “By this time tomorrow you two will be new exhibits in a private zoo in Japan.”
Grinning John pulls a small box out of the same pocket as the carrot and hands it to Rosie. “Sorry, we don’t have a corncob pipe. I did however find two matching pieces of coal from the fireplace to use for eyes and a few buttons we can use for a mouth. Thought we could try the carrot for a nose just like Olaf.”
I nod, take a few deep breaths, thinking about seeing Mycroft naked to calm myself, and then go to dress Rosie. I find that Sherlock had slipped out to lay out an outfit, the pink dress Mrs Hudson gave us for the wedding is laying on the bed, not sure when he had time to put it there either. Mrs. H must have cleaned it while they spent the night with Molly. I dress Rosie in it, find the pink clips for her curls and take a quick picture to send to Mrs H.
“Sargent Burg texted to suggest I check at the local VA Hospitals. Good idea that, though not everyone seeks help.“
I ended up driving down to town, following the FBI vehicle until we turned off at the clinic. I didn’t like driving in London. Narrow, winding, falling apart, back country roads in a foreign country are not my favourite either. I prefer driving large vehicles in even larger open spaces covered in sand, but Sherlock insisted I learn how after Baskerville.
Mycroft looks pleased, “Ready Sherlock? Mummy and Father will meet us at the airport.” He says the last and turns from me and heads towards the door.
Sherlock seems to melt under Mrs. Hudson’s hand. She motions John closer heading back into the flat, closing the door to give them some privacy on the landing.
“Yeah, I want to hear Sherlock say he’s okay. He’s behaving the oddest. John isn’t beating you up again is he?”
It took a while for Rosie to calm down enough to go to sleep this Christmas Eve. In the end they all had to convince her that Santa Claus would not come while she was still awake. She tried to persuade her Fathers and Nana Hudson to let her stay up and catch Santa in the act of breaking and entering into their home.
We’re home, well at least in England anyway. We flew back, spent a couple weeks at Baker Street with Mrs. H then decided to visit the house in Sussex, a few miles south of Eastbourne, to see what needed to be done. I’m glad I made a reservation, just in case, at a local hotel as the house was bare. It wouldn’t have been a problem for Sherlock and me to rough it, but Rosie really needs a bit more. The only thing the previous owners left inside the house were the drapes. We toyed with the idea of looking at furniture stores in the area but decided just to take measurements and shop at our leisure.
To me “I’ll give Sally another talking to.” Greg raises his voice so Sherlock can hear “Here we have Marge Hutchins, 36, no kids. Her husband, Scott Hutchins, found her this afternoon after returning from a week long business trip in Bristol. He has a solid alibi, went with his secretary, a Mr. William Stratham. They shared a double suite and all meals.”
The tech hands John a sterile pad. John closes his eyes a moment and takes a calming breath. “Seriously? I’ll see what I can do when we get to hospital. Keep your arm pressed down on this, button yourself back up. Then you can help me limp to Greg’s car.” Pointing at the silver sedan coming around the corner with his right hand.
Sherlock rises, flicking off a light on a side table as he moves closer, “John, should you be up yet?”
Sherlock is ranting, staring at yet another blubbering mess his parents brought home to interest him with yet again. The plump, dark haired female Omega with brown eyes didn’t even have to open her mouth for him to know she wasn’t suitable. They’ve all smelled so wrong to him, horrid. “Mummy, none of these vapid Omegas you keep parading in front of me has even a smidgeon of a brain!”
Sherlock sighs and leans into John, “I’ve been seeing Ella,” sees the question in John’s face, “yes your therapist. I started seeing to her after Mary was shot to find out how to better help you.” Waves his left hand around. “Not important, Mary did that in her own twisted way. Ella wants me to try hypnosis and urged meditation to bring some of the memories back. Mummy, Father and Mycroft have been telling me stories, some of the pleasant times we had together.
“We’re building a snowman Bee.” Her Papa Sherlock answers patting handfuls of snow together into a large ball for the base of the body.
For years I’ve been told, and I quote, “It’s never twins” by a certain Consulting Detective. But I give you Roberta Elise King and her fraternal TWIN brother Robert Elias King, who were hard to track down but Sherlock finally managed it. They had quite the killing spree over most of Great Brittan and we suspect northern France (Interpol was notified). As far as we know they are responsible for the robbery and murder of at least nine individuals. Course, Sherlock was only called in for 2 that looked suspiciously similar and spotted most of the rest in the unsolved cases NSY let him look through. Bloody brilliant he is!
We’re driving along enjoying the view and silence. I spot a house above us. Kevin starts “That’s Walter’s place, he’s the younger brother to Kyle and Sean. I let him keep the place, he only comes around on the occasional weekend. The middle brother, Sean, his place is just around the corner. Sherlock if you could go down the driveway that would be great. We can meet him, he’s usually hanging about.” Overly polite.
A few minutes after I finish the dance with Molly I spot Bill and Sherlock talking quietly at a table in the back. Bill keeps flicking glances my way, Sherlock must be interrogating him about my time in the service. I smile and wave at them, I have nothing to hide.
Coming back into the kitchen again, John is just in time to watch Sherlock hop onto the table and sit, primly, waiting for his Doctor. John clears his throat “Very good Mr. Holmes, let me just get a few things ready then we’ll begin.” Trying hard to remain professional.
Kevin looks out at the range and turns pink, “Forgot the 20-yard target, hold on and I’ll grab a stand!” He unlocks a gate into the barn stall area and comes out with a metal stand and a piece of cardboard with a target attached. “I have markers at all the yardages, don’t know why I forgot about this one…” He wanders out to a stake in the ground, sliding the metal stand over. The target on the cardboard slip into slots holding the target secure and easy to replace. “Try for that one.” Putting his muffs back in place.
John groans, moves his arm to squint at Sherlock, “Ta” patting the bed next to him. “Come sit with me.”
I look at the Doctor, who didn’t seem to understand what John had said. “He says he has a bladder infection, or bloody pee. He has had a backache for the past week and half and has been a bit peaky lately.” I tell him.
I can’t resist him. I add more lube to myself then line myself up and slowly enter. It’s heavenly; he is so tight and hot. When I’m seated I bend down and tease his nipples. I tease him until he groans out “move”.
Mycroft pulls out his phone and sends a quick text. “Are you settling in well at Baker Street? I wasn’t sure how Sherlock would handle Miss Watson’s presence.”
“It’s not up to them to decide who I spend my time with. Besides, what’s not to like?” Looking John in the eyes over Rosie’s curls.
When John next wakes it’s to find Sherlock lifting Rosie from his chest along with a murmured, “Go back to sleep John, I’ll take care of her.”
The next afternoon Lestrade is let into 221 Baker Street by Mrs. Hudson. Knocking while walking through the open door of the flat, he spies Sherlock at the kitchen table looking at a slide in the microscope. Glancing around he doesn’t spot John, but the coat he was wearing the other night is hanging next to Sherlock’s on the wall. “Hey Sherlock. How’s John doing? I came by to check on him and let you know the results of the toxin screen on Moose Muldoon.”
Mycroft arranged for theatre tickets for us as well a sailing tour of the harbour with a stop at the Statue of Liberty. Sherlock especially loved the old schooner Mycroft organized the private tour in. The first show was matinee tickets to see Phantom of the Opera at the Majestic Theatre. Our fellow patrons were concerned we had Rosie with us, but she adored the pageantry. The next day we enjoyed Hello, Dolly! at the Shubert Theatre. Rosie seemed to love Bette Midler … we may be in trouble!
Molly rises her glass of champagne and directs the room to drink taking a delicate sip herself. Sherlock rises to gives her a quick hug and a peck on her cheek. She turns a lovely shade of pink and they settle back into their seats looking utterly relieved. I reach over and give her hand a quick squeeze.
Sherlock steps up and cares for Rosie and me without any prompting. He goes so far as to take Rosie with him when he went grocery shopping. While he’s gone Mycroft comes to visit, I can’t help but wonder what he wants from me this time.
A few turns later we find Sherlock wrestling with Butch Caswell and just barely holding his own. Finally he gets in a hit that drops Caswell long enough for him to take a quick look to locate John. Several yards away, down the alley, Sherlock spots John trying to subdue their other suspect. Moose Muldoon is at least a foot taller than Sherlock and looks as though he spends his free time lifting weights… and that he has a LOT of free time. John is holding his own and lands more hits than he is taking.
I look at him “Not without you, I’d miss you too much. A month is too long to be apart. Would you want to go? I can ask him for more information on the area if so.” I’d love the opportunity to go, but I can’t be apart from Sherlock for that long again.
“I want Rosie to have good memories of Christmas. She’s old enough this year to remember. Please, for her if not for me.”
They arrive back at the flat to a collection of candles waiting on the coffee table, a plate of fresh biscuits and a fire burning in the fireplace thanks to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock adds wood and stirs up the fire while John heats water on the gas hob for tea. John brings the tray holding tea and take-away into the lounge to find Sherlock had built them a nest of blankets in front of the fire. A couple candles lit on the mantle in front of the mirror.
Mycroft raises his voice “By the power invested in me I now pronounce you Husband and Husband. You may now kiss.”
The local economy was in much better shape by the time were through. Kevin had a couple ice chests in the back of his Suburban and took most of the purchased items. The nappies and wipes where put in the back of our SUV in case of need.
I gaze into Sherlock’s eyes and hold his hands between mine. “With this ring I thee wed, and all my worldly goods I thee endow. I pledge to forsake all others and remain true to you as long as we both shall live. Before our friends and family, on this wonderful day, I John Hamish Watson do take you William Sherlock Scott Holmes as my lawfully wedded husband, in friendship and in love, in strength and weakness, to share the good times and bad, in achievement and failure, to celebrate life with you forevermore.” I slide the ring gently on his finger while repeating my vows.
Something in the kitchen beeps as I call out, Kevin waves a fork at me “Morning! Breakfast is almost ready, don’t take too long.”
Sherlock himself pales and pulls out his phone texting Mycroft, as he reads the message on the piece of paper:
“No. No, he’s right. It’s been too long, since before the divorce actually.” Greg admits, turning a deeper shade of red.
John continues giving orders without hesitation, “Come down for breakfast in the morning, no earlier than 0900. We’ll give you our statements then. In the meantime, I suggest you go out and secure Kidde’s body; there are wild animals about.” He stares down agent Burton until the man nods.
“You passed out again” the obviously is kept quiet thankfully. “They were able to set your shoulder without surgery. X-rays show nothing is broken but you do have a concussion from a blow to the head.”
At this point I want to be certain this is what he wants, I know we talked earlier but I need to know. “Tell me what you want Sherlock.”
This dirt road is in much better condition, wide, brushed and smooth. A few turns see us at a large flat with a huge garage. There is a bulldozer, backhoe and a grader parked under a wide overhang. Once again Sherlock parks and turns off the motor.
I can feel my pleasure building, I’m so close, I’m holding onto Sherlock as hard as I can my legs wrapped around him. His hands are digging into my hips, tightening and loosening with each thrust. Before I am ready for the pleasure to end I am coming powerfully. As I come back to my senses I feel Sherlock buried and he’s still hard.
Sherlock pulls out his phone, “We’ll rent a lorry and I’ll drive it myself. We can pick it up and go now.”
In the corner, a pine tree topped with an old foil and glitter star was adorned with red and silver glass balls was shining merrily. Packages, wrapped in colourful paper and bows were placed neatly underneath awaiting the following morning.
John had spent most of Saturday afternoon and evening convincing Sherlock it would be a nice gesture to attend church services in the morning. His mother won’t be around forever and she will appreciate his being there. In the end John made Sherlock a deal that he would fellate him when they put Rosie down for her afternoon nap for the remainder of the trip. After that, Sherlock suggested they spend an extra week, maybe even two…
The boys are led one by one to the other side of the stage where their new Masters were paying, most leaving with their purchases. A group of young women, teen to mid-thirties, clad only with the ever-present collar and lead, are brought on stage next. Each one put up on a low platform that turned so the slowly diminishing audience could glimpse them from all angles while bidding. The handler pointing out the sights the auctioneer was describing.
John glances up from the newspaper laid out on the coffee table in front of him. “He took Rosie for a walk in the park since the sun is shining. I have another headache threatening and stayed in; I’m still having issues with bright lights, this bloody concussion is lingering. What’s up, got a case?”
Sherlock twists as best he can in the chair, he didn’t notice it was bolted to the floor of the cage when he woke. Always something. John is sitting in another chair, he is tied down with ropes. The idiots didn’t even have John in a cage. The trio pale at the smile on Sherlock’s face as he turns back around and situates himself more comfortably in his chair. “I stand by my statement.”
I can’t keep my hands from running all over wherever I can touch him. Pinching a nipple here, stroking his cock there. I hear the pop of the lube open. Next I feel is his hand running between my arse cheeks. He slowly kisses his way down my body again until he is kneeling in front of me again. “Sherlock, please love…” I beg again.
Behind us Mycroft raises his voice once more “Ladies and gentlemen, the reception is being held a short stroll away at Angelo’s restaurant. If you will please, just follow the happy couple.”
While Sherlock was in the shower and getting ready for the day, John wrote his lover a note and left it in a pocket of Sherlock’s Belstaff for him to find later. On the way from the parking garage to the entrance to NSY, Sherlock’s bare hands get cool in the morning fog that had rolled into London overnight. Sticking his hands in his pockets, Sherlock finds a small envelope. Pulling it out he reads, on the outside, in John’s almost illegible scrawl, his name, underlined. Stopping, nervous, with shaking hands Sherlock opens the envelope and pulls out the folded note:
Kevin continues before either of us can answer “Thought I’d introduce you to my tenants so you’ll know what each other look like. Then a quick tour of the ranch, if we have time we can hit the gun range as well. I’ll grab a rifle in case we see some hogs. I know you used to be able to shoot John, not sure about Sherly here though.”
John has been in hospital for three days, unconscious. Thankfully he is breathing on his own, x-rays show nothing is broken. He has a major contusion to the right side of his head; large bruise, including a pair of black eyes and swelling. Sherlock refuses to leave John in case he wakes up, he wants someone to be there; he wants to be there. Sherlock won’t eat or sleep, barely drinks and won’t leave John’s side for longer than a quick call of nature. He sits bedside, holding Johns hand, talking to him about all the adventures they’ve shared and a few of his escapades while taking down Moriarty’s web.
“John will be fine, nothing was broken; a couple bruised ribs, mild concussion. He’s having a rest with Rosie in the bedroom.” Glancing at the clock, then at Greg, “So what was Muldoon on?”
John is still asleep, wrapped around Sherlock, when Mike Stamford comes back in with a bag of food and coffee. He hands Sherlock his cup, “I grabbed a couple bags of crisps too.” Putting a large take-out bag on the bed table and rolling it closer.
“You sacrificed your old scarf to Rosie’s snowman last week. I didn’t want your lovely neck to get chilled.”
Sherlock turns with his bags heading into the kitchen as he says over his back, “Yes, she would want her father when she’s feeling ill.” Voice still low enough not to wake the sleeping toddler.
“If you’ve forgotten why you hate me, you’re in luck! I’m about to give you a few more reasons.” I growl back at her.
Greg and Sherlock reply to the greeting with Sherlock adding “I made scones. Everything will be ready in a few minutes.”
“Is John always that violent? If not, what do you think might have triggered such an aggressive response?” Sitting at the kitchen table, sipping a cup of honeyed tea, Greg wonders after he hears the water for the shower start to run.
After a quick stop at the main house for their pistols, the drive to the gate is uneventful. When they arrive they are greeted by the sight of three people in dark suits and sunglasses leaning against the side of a black suburban with tinted windows. Sherlock looks them over closely before cutting the engine of the Jeep prior to getting out to unlock the gate. John, in the front seat of the jeep, has one hand on the handle of the .45 semi-auto at his hip, ready to defend his family if need be. The three agents look nervous from Sherlock’s intense scrutiny of them and the surrounding area and John’s unwavering stare.
“Yes. You’ve done perfectly fine the Christmases we’ve spent together. I know you put a few things in my and Rosie’s stockings on Christmas Eve.”
John yells into the phone, “Sherlock, don’t you dare die on me! You hear me?” The nurses at the admitting desk jump and stare at the Doctor yelling into his phone and then at them. “Alright people listen up! There is an adult male with breathing problems on his way in, ETA TBD. I want a lung specialist down here ASAP.” Captain Watson orders out.
“I thought you would take one, John the other. Pick one, John can fire at the other if he feels up to it.” Kevin glances at me out of the corner of his eye. My shoulder is still aching.
I shudder “I think I’d like stay as far away as possible from her at the moment, thanks. Maybe when we get back, but I’m not promising anything. Your folks are coming in tonight, take them with.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry about how much trouble she was. It was a comfort knowing she was in good hands while I was away though.”
“Ok John, I have us on a flight leaving Heathrow on September 22nd. We’ll be in first class, I can’t abide flying coach.” He gives a full body shudder. “We’ll land in New York where we will stay for a few days then fly to the west coast and stay in San Francisco overnight. I also rented us a vehicle for California. We should be at your friends place by the afternoon of the 28th.”
“Since I can’t tie knots very well one handed, grab your leather cuffs. Bring the bag on top of your toy box too.” I murmur into his ear when he bends down to dry his legs.
Wasting time, he repacks everything he took out of his overnight bag, adding what he wore yesterday as well.
The older, grey haired woman wearing a purple dress with a brightly flowered cardigan over, smiles. “So nice to see Sherlock with a friend. He’s told me about your troubles dear, don’t you worry about a thing. Sit and I’ll fix you a plate, you too Sherlock.” Waving them both to the kitchen table. “Just this once though, I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper.”
Pouting “I love you too. I don’t know everything about you John, there are parts of your life that are still a mystery to me. I don’t like it.”
“I don’t believe that. The man I saw on that stage was standing at attention, even while drugged. They must have given him a shot of something, most likely Valium shortly before he went on the stage or he’d be more aware now. His hands look like those of a surgeon, so army Doctor. I’d say recently invalided home from the wound in his shoulder, it’s only a few months old. He’s lost quite a bit of weight recently, still good muscle tone, but not by hard living so not homeless. His wound became infected I would bet.”
He clears his throat and clicks open the next picture “The ‘Master’ it’s listed as, smallish. Looks like the one directly across from the bathroom.” Clicks another link “listed as ‘small guest’, looks like a twin bed. There are rails on the sides, an armoire, wall closet and a pair of breakfronts; lots of storage in here. Rosie will like this room.” He clicks on the next picture “the label on this one is ‘big guest’, more than likely our room. Looks like queen size iron bed, what looks like a decent sized wardrobe and a couple breakfronts. Another woodstove and a pile of wood in the corner, is that the only heating source?”
Unknown to Mycroft until he arrived in the room, were three boxes with large portions of tiramisu hidden in the bottom of the take-out bag as well.
John was napping on the couch with the baby monitor on the coffee table when Sherlock opens the door to the flat. Sherlock spots John, turning to Greg he says lowly, “Keep quiet, John is sleeping, don’t wake him.” Closing the door to the hall, when Greg walks through.
“Did you buy Sherlock anything? It’s customary for the bride and groom to exchange gifts, or in your case the groom and groom. Also something for your groomsman.”
Sherlock glances up from the file he was looking at, then back down. “He asked me to stay with him in case he needed help during the night. As it turned out, he did. Around two he woke up screaming. Apparently, John has PTSD from his time overseas and his recent poor treatment hasn’t helped it any.”
“What did you find Sherlock?” I ask, coming closer to look for what he found. Even I spot the pattern in the statements quickly.
“What are you looking at?” he asks as he sits beside me with Rosie. She reaches for me, I take her from Sherlock to bounce on my knee.
I frown and start to open my mouth when Kevin interrupts “You can tell by the size of the cat and the markings on the face, legs and tail.”
“If you behave, you can dress me like a living ken doll if you want. But, I have final say on what gets thrown out. My Mum gave me a few things and they remind me of her.” Sherlock scowls “Sentiment.” I add. He nods.
Across the table, Sherlock sees and takes the offending meat out of John’s hands and quickly shoves it, whole, into his mouth before Mrs. H can turn around again. John mouths Sherlock a silent ‘thank you’. Greg, about to admonish Sherlock, is kicked under the table by John who sips, looking completely innocent, at his tea.
Greg is giving both men a confused look, waving his fork back and forth between them. “What’s going on with you two?”
After reading Sherlock’s list I speak up “Not bad, we have a few items in agreement. Good, fine. There are a couple that alarm me – I would rather not use any needles or do any piercing at this time. I don’t feel comfortable drawing blood.”
Greg looks around at the clean and shiny surfaces, “Haven’t seen the place this clean since Mycroft had the place disinfected while John was in hospital.”
“Ta.”  John says as Mrs. Hudson places a plate of fried eggs, bacon and toast in front of him. John starts to take a bite of bacon, only to have his stomach roil at the first taste upon his tongue.
Kate is more than happy to x-ray Sherlock’s wrist. I help out with a few patients who come in while she runs the machine. I end up setting one broken finger on a young man, diagnosing an older man with the flu and confirming one teen pregnancy. Rosie is splitting her time between Sherlock and myself (Kate taking her when Sherlock gets his x-rays). Thankfully, neither Kate nor I spot anything broken in the x-rays. Sherlock insists on taking the files with us so Kate emails copies of the scans to him. Kate sends us on our way with a thank you, a lolly for Rosie and a neoprene brace that covers Sherlock’s right hand and wrist.
“I don’t know why you keep letting me near, I’ve hurt you so much. I love you more than words can say and I will take your friendship any way I can get it. If you can somehow forgive me I would be grateful.”
We with considerable help from a contractor finished the remodel upstairs today. I am finding it amusing how many pairs Sherlock actually has in his sock index. He graciously asked to sort mine so I let him, what harm could it do? I’m looking forward to tonight, our first night alone together in weeks. Sherlock has been buzzing around the flat all day in anticipation.
Sitting in a coffee shop enjoying a quick cup and a snack during a case, a man who drugged his prey prior to mutilating and murdering them. John and Sherlock are sitting at a table enjoying one another’s company, talking about the case and life in general. John called for the bill when he started to feel tired, figuring the adrenaline and lack of sleep from the past couple of days was catching up with him.
A few steps behind Sherlock are Greg Lestrade, Molly Hooper and Mrs. Hudson; the women with their plus-ones.
All the fight leaves John, he nods and allows Sherlock to help him rise and change into his own clean pyjama bottoms then the blue silk dressing gown Sherlock purchased earlier.
About an hour and two sweaty, sated bodies later we are cuddling under the covers relaxing toward sleep. I have my head on Sherlock’s shoulder, arm over his waist our legs entwined. I’m just about asleep when he asks a question “John, why do you love me? There’s nothing special about me.”
Sherlock is desperately hoping John recalls. “Do you remember the conversation we had the first time we went to Angelo’s?” Thinking this might not be as quite hard as he thinks to get his point across if John remembers.
“Just after the first dance, Sherlock informed us that Mary was pregnant. Still don’t know how that happened, I was so careful. Nine months later Rosie was born; paternity tests show she’s mine. Few months after that Mary was dead, she took a bullet meant for Sherlock. She bled out in front of the two of us.” I wave my free hand between Sherlock and myself. “I hate to admit it, but I didn’t take it well at all.
“I saw where you found a spare toothbrush, I meant to leave one out in case you wanted to use it.” Sherlock adds, pulling John’s slippers out of a box and handing them over. “I can help you shave if you want.”
“It’s not that… I just, um, I miss Rosie. This is the first time we have had to leave her behind for a case out of town…”
I do a quick internet search and find Costco could be a godsend or hell on earth depending upon Sherlock’s mood. At least I’ll be able to purchase nappies in bulk from now on. I check my email after and find that Kevin has sent a few messages. I open the first, he’s sending us pictures of his place inside and out. He started with the front of the house and a living room/kitchen combo. Sherlock walks in from changing Rosie, he either didn’t hear Anthea come and go or just ignored her.
Greg reaches over to gently pat my shoulder “I’m free, figure he should ask his brother. Speaking of whom, he took me to his favourite tailor when we started dating. Though we did go back on the 15th for another fitting.”
Sherlock takes the wheel again. Rosie’s nappy bag is still in the Jeep from earlier, I spot the small ear protectors on top of the bag as we get in. The ice chest from earlier is still in back along with another soft sided bag. There is a small solid case in the back and two holsters clipped to the roll bar. The windshield is down with what I assume are the guns Kevin mentioned wrapped in a fleece blanket laying on top.
I fell off a horse once, head first and had a nasty concussion. I love steak, rare & grilled over an open flame is my favorite preparation. For several weeks after the fall, steak, lamb and pork (well, red meat) tasted as though it had sat out in the sun for a few days, rotting. Yuck! Only food I seemed to tolerate was white meat from chicken or turkey and fish. The only exception was ground beef in a vegetable sauce.
Mumbling to himself “stupid” Sherlock opens the door and enters. He opens his mouth to speak but loses his train of thought as he spots John, stretched out, head back, resting on a rolled towel, eyes closed, naked, soaking in the tub. Naked… It’s been awhile since he’s seen John naked in full daylight. John has been taking advantage of the gym at the hospital, and it clearly shows. John’s chest is well formed, his stomach is flat, solid muscle where a bit of pudge used to be, a strong hint toward a six pack. Sherlock swears as he feels as though all the blood in his body just headed to his groin. “Fuck” he growls low.
I drop on the bed as Sherlock starts to undress me. I let him, he kisses along my neck as he opens the buttons on my shirt. In my haze I start undoing his buttons, running my hands and mouth over exposed flesh. I’m losing the battle as he works his way lower, kissing and caressing as he goes. Even in my altered state, I feel myself getting hard in my jeans. I feel fingers gently press on my tumescence through the fabric. I cannot help but press into his hand as I moan in pleasure, it feels so good. “Have I been good Sir?” he purrs as he unfastens the fly.
Mycroft walks in without knocking “Doctor Watson, tut, tut, injured again I see.” He sits in Sherlock’s chair.
Sherlock takes the file and opens it low enough for me to read it with him. “Where the hell would he come into contact with woolly mammoth hair?” I exclaim.
“He’s going to be alright Mycroft but I want him to spend the night in hospital just to be sure and to air the building out thoroughly.”
“Doesn’t look like we’ll need much in the way of food while we’re there. Have to pick Rosie up a few things though. I’ll double check Costco, they might have baby food along with the bulk nappies we’ll need to grab.”
I roll my shoulders, the left one is stiff but feels tight but alright considering. “Between it and the now healed broken rib I know when the fog is coming in. We’ll have good weather for tomorrow.” I raise my beer for another sip.
“Not too close, old friend from my dancing days. She was just going on about her first grandchild due in a few months and now she’s gone, she was so excited.” She tearfully replies.
A small young boy with blue eyes and dark curly hair is sitting at the table eating his breakfast. “Mummy?”
After Euros blew up the flat, Sherlock and I were renovating the place. I stayed over a few times with Rosie as I was too tired to go back to my place. After a couple of times Sherlock asked that I move back in, his god-daughter was more than welcome too. I jumped at the chance! Since we were renovating the place we could extend into the attic and make another bedroom and half-bath upstairs. Mrs. Hudson was thrilled as we were paying for all the work.
“I said they can be used on the scrotum and inner thighs as well.” Not much louder, but loud enough for me to hear.
“No, just Doctor. Dr. John Watson. Perhaps you know my friend, the Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes?”
John sighs, looks at Molly, “Is Chinese alright for supper? We have nothing in.” Motioning his head toward Sherlock, “God help me, I’ll let him know.”
Sherlock and I are both looking around us with our jaws dropped. The redwood trees surrounding the place are huge! Kevin can’t help but laugh. “You think these are big, just think of how large the one across the creek was before it fell.” He points at what is easily a 40-foot diameter ring of trees “those trees there are suckers from the roots off the original redwood. Must have been a monster when it was alive!”
John and Sherlock end up sharing a green salad along with a huge portion of a spinach and cheese lasagna. Since the utensils were limited to the three containers Sherlock ended up feeding John bites of food from a shared fork.
After the lighthouse we (Sherlock) drove into Point Arena where we sat near the pier watching the tide while having our picnic on the rocky beach. Sherlock found some shells and a few bits of seaweed he picked up for experiments. In the end we were getting a bit chilled as the fog was starting to roll in and had hot coffee at the pier side café to warm up. The biggest surprise of the day was our waitress telling us about a preserve nearby with Giraffes and Zebra! Sherlock tipped her well, he said she could use the money. He called for an immediate reservation to see the B. Bryan Preserve, not sure how, but Sherlock somehow deduced the man over the phone and managed to get us in.
Scratching the back of his head “Heroin and cocaine, surprised he was upright with the amount in his system to be honest.” Looking Sherlock in the eyes “He probably didn’t feel the first shot. I’m sorry I harassed you at the scene, I know how worried you must have been about John.” Waving a hand down the hall. “Speaking of which, I also came to return his gun.” Pulling an evidence bag out of his coat pocket, hesitating and not handing it to Sherlock.
Sherlock nods in agreement “Yes that would be good. I didn’t catch the road in the wrong place” he admits.
“Hurts like hell, the pills are starting to kick in though. Thank you for bringing them up. Have you eaten yet?” I run my right hand through his curls and kiss them both on their foreheads.
“She insisted that I help her write a letter to Santa yesterday. The only things she asked for were a nice locked room murder for us and a violin of her own. I can give her lessons, it’ll be fine. You know she’s been having fun squeaking notes out of your old clarinet since her birthday.”
Sherlock, in his trousers and a white button down shirt, moves the other chair next to John. Lowers the bed table to an appropriate level, opening the take out boxes Mycroft left. The blinds are partially open allowing a little bit of rare winter sunlight in, the room lights are off. They enjoy breakfast in companionable silence.
I hear the women crying around me, even strangers at the other tables. I all care about at this moment is the man in my arms. Greg places a hand on my right shoulder and gives it a squeeze. Then backs off, he and Mycroft are talking quietly behind us.
Sherlock continues to drive down the hill, we end up back at the water tank. Kevin taps Sherlock on the shoulder “If you turn left I can show you where a couple more cabins used to be. Otherwise we’ll just end up back at the house.”
“Order whatever you want John. Lunch is on me, anything you want.” Sherlock reassures at his normal tone not looking up from perusing his menu.
A man in a black 3-piece suit walks into my line of vision. “Greetings Doctor Watson, I’m a big fan of your blog. Allow me to introduce myself, I am Vincent Camorra. I understand you and Mr. Holmes are looking for me.” In a sing-song Italian accent. He walks in a circle around me. “Looks like someone has treated you badly of late, shame” he pokes the yellowing bruise over the scar on the back of my left shoulder. I wince but am able to stifle a moan. “How much do you know about my setup here?” he demands.
After dinner, espresso, tea and coffee are offered. Sherlock and I cut the cake together and neatly feed one another the first bites. Everything is delicious and perfect so far. When pudding is consumed, it’s time for the best person speeches.
We eat our starters as well. I take a bite of Sherlock’s salad “Oh that is delicious.” He nods and eats another bite himself.
Once inside the house Greg led us to the rear of the house and what looked like the master bedroom. Greg begins his basic introduction “Gladys Parks, 53. Says she came home and found that someone had come in and rearranged her furniture and stolen her jewellery. This is the fourth place this month.” Sherlock drew out his magnifying lens and started looking for clues as I stand off to the side out of the way with Rosie. Greg comes by “Hey John. Enjoyed dinner last night, pick a date yet?”
“I will pay whatever it takes. The two other suits can be picked up at a later date, we’re getting married on the 20th and I would like for John to wear the tux.”
Folding the top of the box closed he stammered back, “Hmmm? Oh yes, I’m fine. Just… fine.” Before quickly escaping upstairs and locking the door to the flat to look at the package closer.
There is a nice apartment in the barn/garage so we decided to hire a live-in caretaker. While wandering the local farmers market we met (well, Sherlock found) a young man who was raised on a nearby sheep farm and is familiar with bees. Our new tenant and caretaker, Douglas Quileute, worked with Sherlock on how to best refurbish the garden and where to set up our new bee hives.
John is slumped on the couch, a bag of frozen peas over his left forearm on the sofa’s armrest. Mrs. Hudson is sitting next to him, fussing with the orange blanket draped over his shoulders. Two ignored, still steaming cups of tea sit on the coffee table in front of them. They glance at the doorway as Sherlock skids to a halt.
Staring at the car parked out in front of the church John states, “I paid for the damned thing, I’m bloody well using it!” before stalking to the car and sliding into the back seat, leaving the door open. There is enough room for all of them inside the long black limousine.
“I’m not sure of the details leading up to our finding you two in that filthy cell either. Do you remember anything Doc?”
We’ve been home less than an hour. I thought I wanted a cup of tea so headed into the kitchen. I’m tired, feel drained; my shoulder, knee, ribs and lower back ache. I turned down the opiate pain reliever the surgeon offered, I don’t want to become addicted to them again and Sherlock is still fighting his cravings. It must be showing as I lean my hip against the counter by the sink, eyes closed.
“It started a couple weeks ago,” he stops to swallow, “scratchy throat then abdominal cramping and um…”
We wander around Union Square, looking in a few shops then grab a taxi for pier 39. We stroll down towards the end, we can hear the seals barking on the neighbouring piers. Sherlock takes Rosie out of the harness so she can see the seals better. She points and laughs, then starts to bark back.
“In his spare time, he assists Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes. I’m sure we’ve all read his blog about their exploits. Let’s start the bidding at £100!”
I was pointing out the area to Sherlock while Kevin was talking. Sherlock whispers “later” and rolls up the map. We can always come back up here, the view is beautiful.
“Yes, there were two assailants, we caught them both.” Reassuring. “Greg wouldn’t let me hurt them.” Pouting.
September 20th, my new wedding day, or my wedding day since the last one was annulled. Greg insisted that I spend last night at his flat, the ‘bride and groom’ shouldn’t see each other before the ceremony after all. Somehow Sherlock agreed with the arrangements, I’m sure Mycroft had something to do with it. This is the longest we’ll have been apart since I moved back to Baker Street after the fiasco at Sherrinford.
October 3rd, Kevin has been gone for three days, the bed doesn’t seem to like John’s back. John still has a fever and is taking Excedrin morning, noon and bedtime. He says it helps but he is starting to move more deliberately, slowly, the last couple days. I’m making breakfast today. John had a bit of a lay in this morning, he’s been feeling so off. I attended to Rosie needs earlier, still can’t believe she is mine as well. I never thought I would have child, or a husband for that matter. Never thought I would make it past 30 what with my drug habit and pissing off the odd criminal mastermind.
“Okay, I’m going to check your pupil reaction.” Doctor reaches to the side and picks up a basin. “If you feel like you need to vomit, use this.” As she presses it into John’s hands. Doctor Barnes pulls a penlight out of her pocket and lifts John’s eyelids one at a time flashing the light in. “Right pupil is slow to react. Do you have nausea with only the one eye open?”
A limo picks us up in front of the hotel and drives us a meandering path through Golden Gate Park, then to the Cliff House. We arrive a few minutes early so view the ruins of Sutro Baths next door. We didn’t bother to bring the carry harness for Rosie this trip, she looks so pretty and we didn’t want to wrinkle her dress. I take pictures of the view with Sherlock holding Rosie, he does the same with me. A kindly woman takes a couple pictures with my phone of the three of us. I forward the best picture off to Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock’s mother.
Sherlock lifts and eyebrow at me, giving me sway over the conversation. “Okay, sounds good. Did you want to show us anymore of the estate today?” I reply to Kevin.
Mrs. Hudson wanders back toward her door “I’ll see to everything dears. Don’t let it worry you a bit.” As she closes the door to her flat.
Stepping closer so he can rub a hand down Sherlock’s arm, “I’ve learned from the best Sherlock Watson-Holmes. Besides, I can make it worth your while…” dancing an eyebrow.
Eventually supply did not meet demand and new laws were passed. If you were arrested for any crime, on your third conviction you would be sent to a government run auction house and sold into slavery for the remainder of your lifetime. Murderers were still excluded, being deemed too violent for polite society. Prostitutes, drug dealers and petty thieves were rounded up nightly and sold quickly. Under these new laws, the slave owners only had to house, clothe, and feed their slaves. Monetary remuneration to the new slave or their family was strictly voluntary and therefore non-existent.
“I like the door here better.” Mrs. Hudson says as she walks through. “Incorporates both floors of your flat together better this way.” She thanks me as I take the tray from her and walk up the last steps.
I blush “Ah, that I did, didn’t I? I wonder how fast Mycroft can expedite a marriage license for us? We could use the trip as our honeymoon.” I grin back at him. Rosie is half way done with her bottle.
Sherlock has Rosie, tipping a bottle for her to drink this morning, there is a container of homemade applesauce on the table nearby as well. Sherlock smiles when he sees me “Good morning John. Kevin is making us wild huckleberry waffles for breakfast today.”
“Yes Doctor.” Sherlock smiles fondly at John, removing four pills. He swallows two and places the other two in front of Greg on the table for his hangover. The sealed bottle goes back to its place on the shelf.
John really doesn’t feel good. He’s laying back on the bed awaiting his fate. I sit on the edge of the bed and hold his hand. “Tell me what happened. Where am I and how did I get here?” John wonders.
Still cradling a now sleeping Rosie to his chest, “You know how much I enjoy cooking with you.” Sherlock continues to pout, a bit upset.
When John turns around with a blood pressure monitor in hand, and his stethoscope around his neck, he notices Sherlock’s cock is at half-mast. John thinks ‘fuck, he is too bloody gorgeous’, while feeling himself growing hard at the sight. Out loud he states “I’m just going to take your blood pressure first Mr. Holmes. Try to relax and breathe normally.”
“I am so sorry for how I treated you after she died. You didn’t shoot her, it was not your fault. I know that, I had no right to drive you away. I was so angry at everything and everyone. Am I so afraid of my feelings for you that I lash out? I had no right to hit you. I had no reason to doubt your suspicion of Culverton Smith. I should never have doubted your abilities to spot a serial killer. I know you better than that. It was agonizing watching you try and kill yourself with drugs but I was in a bad place myself. No excuses, I do not deserve you. I can’t believe how close my idiocy came to killing us both.
I prowl toward where Kevin is standing, “Do you know what you’ve done?” I snarl at him, he flinches. “You’ve pissed of the kindest, most loyal man I have ever known. How could you have done that to your friend?” I know John doesn’t want me to deduce this idiot, it’s tempting to do so anyway. “You do realize we’ve come from another country to help your sorry arse out? Flown half-way across the planet to do you a favour?”
“Fifteen love, I need to calm down. Please.” I stopped to answer without turning, then start walking again.
John’s emotions get the better of him as he shakes the Doctors hand. “Can I see him now? I’m a Doctor…”
“Yes, of course Sherlock. We can tell your parents we’re together later, your Mum said something about drinks before dinner. We can tell them then if not before.” John assures, taking Sherlock’s hand and kissing the knuckles on the back of his lovers’ right hand.
Sherlock ran into Bart’s to return a few no longer needed body parts and possibly pick up a few others Molly set aside for him. I went off to the shops to refill our pantry and the chemists for a few other personal supplies we were running low on. Even with the multiple locations I went to, I still made it back to the flat with my bags of goodies before Sherlock. I decided to remove some of the ‘eloquent’ dust while Sherlock was not around to berate me.
“Santa Claus is watching you...” John warns a 5 year old Rosie as her small hand reaches up to grab a gingerbread biscuit still warm from the oven off of the kitchen table. As a matter of fact, Dean Martin is singing in the background about the very being in question.
I can’t help my indignant question “Mafia? You want to get us involved with the bloody Russian Mafia? Are you fucking insane?” I look at Sherlock in alarm at that spark of interest in his eyes.
We have the driver take us back to the Fairmont by way of China Town. It’s the long way back but it was enjoyable to see, the driver pointing out a few sites of interest. “We could spend a month touring this city and still not see everything” Sherlock voices as we drive by yet another museum.
When I open my eyes again Sherlock is sitting across from me in his chair taking a sip of his tea. “Better?” he asks softly. Mrs. Hudson is smiling into her cup from across the room.
John smiles fondly, “Surprisingly he seems to enjoy having her around, even changed a few diapers. Reads to her every night, course sometimes it is research for a case.”
I run my hand up his right forearm “Good boy” I hook the carabiner to the D-ring on the leather cuff. I walk around the bed to do the same to the left arm. “Such a beautiful boy, so gorgeous. Such a helpful boy.” I slap his left butt cheek, he gasps, I caress where I hit him. I slap his right cheek then caress again. “So good, such a good handsome boy.” I continue to smack, caress and praise until my right hand is as red as his arse cheeks.
Resigned, “Alright, it couldn’t hurt. I did want to start exercising again… if nothing else they can recommend a routine.”
She stops beside the desk, profile to the window, eyes on the floor, submissive. “Sir, the files from the latest sales.” She hands them over, withholding one file.
They hear a knocking on the door downstairs. John hears Mycroft and an unknown male voice talking with Mrs. Hudson in the entryway. Both he and Lestrade wait as they come up the stairs and into the flat.
They’ve been home from hospital for two days now. It has been two days of agonizing, tedious boredom. Two days of wandering restlessly around a spotlessly clean flat. A flat that smells all wrong, too clean, sanitized; not sure if Mrs. Hudson and/or Mycroft is to blame. Two days of being able to do nothing constructive, nothing productive, nothing meaningful at all. Two days of dull, mind-numbing, wearisome, frustrating, monotonous, droning, dreary, tedious, mindless boredom. John believes he has never been so bored in his entire life!
We get to the elevator as the door opens and Donovan steps out. She sneers at Sherlock and starts to open her mouth. I clear my throat, she looks at my glare, pales, drops her eyes to the floor and walks by without a word. I think to myself ‘success.’
I did my best. James claimed a previous engagement and sent congratulations on our pending nuptials hoping there is no attempted murder at this one. He did however, mention having us come stay at his place in the future.
When finished, John walks into the kitchen to see the mess Sherlock made while doing something with Rosie. Kissing the top of Rosie’s head from where she’s sitting in her highchair, playing with her bee toy, he greets Sherlock, “Good morning love.”
As I head back to the kitchen I hear Rosie babble “Shlock” and giggle. Sherlock is tickling her toes when I walk through the doorway.
John fights his way through sleet, hail and spitting snow to make it to the clinic. He’s been off work for almost a month recovering from his injuries. The tube was cramped and people kept bumping into him, his head and his bad shoulder both ache and his right leg keeps cramping from slipping on the ice. He’s cold and miserable. All he wants is a nice hot cup of tea before he begins his shift. In the breakroom, he runs into Dr. Sarah Sawyer.
The container filled with salt from the Dead Sea arrived two weeks later. John noted the address was rather rushed again, almost a recognizable scrawl. John stared at the writing on the box for a long time before breaking the seal to see what was inside.
John pinches the bridge of his nose, taking a deep breath. “Right, sorry… I’m sorry.” Takes another breath, placing his hand over the one Sherlock has on his shoulder. Opening the paper again to look at the numbers. “Bloody hell, at least I don’t have to worry about putting Rosie through University anymore.” John and Sherlock trade papers.
When Lestrade next meets up with Sherlock he finds him arguing with the cashier, “I was not certain I was going to purchase anything today, I was just here browsing. I forgot to grab a collar on my way out, why can’t I just give you a bit extra for this one? How does a £150.00 in cash sound?”
Sherlock reaches into the box and pulls out another item to hand me. “Yes. That is a bit and this is a ball gag. Though I do prefer to be able to talk, to use a safe word if needed.”
“Ooof, I still need to breathe! You’re looking good yourself old man.” I joke back, Kevin is a year older than me. I turn and bring Sherlock closer to my side with my hand at the small of his back “This is my husband Sherlock and our daughter Rosie. Sherlock this is Sargent Kevin Andrews US Marine, retired.”
Almost in one breath, “Also, I want to make dinner tonight as an apology for being such an ass. Since you probably aren’t familiar with it, I’m going to prepare dinner tonight using Bisquick. We’ll have oven fried chicken and rolls. The stuff can be used to create sweet as well as savoury dishes, I like the coffee cake. Diana put me onto this stuff, can be used for just about anything. There is a cookbook for it on the bookshelf behind the door to your room, Diana added notes to a few recipes.” Kevin looks from Sherlock to me, rather hopeful.
“Her sister Joan and her wife Shirley Hopkins come most of the time. I thought they were visiting this week but didn’t get here before I left. Marge didn’t mention them when I called. I didn’t think to ask if they had arrived. I called her every night before I went to bed, she liked it when I kept in touch. I talked with her just last night.” He starts to sob.
“Not always women… I’m bisexual. John never chatted up any of the men who flirted with him when we were out. Thought he was straight.”
After several hours Lestrade had had enough of pouring over cold case files and needed a break. Sherlock accepted Greg’s offer for a lift back to Baker Street. Sherlock propositioned Lestrade to come in for a cup of tea and a few leftover scones from breakfast to take home.
I tease back “Thanks Greg. Does this mean I have to carry Sherlock over the threshold later? Won’t be the first time!” We both burst out laughing, even Mycroft can’t help but grin along.
“Thanks Sherlock. Let me see how it goes and I’ll let you know ok?” I pick up a pen and clipboard and sit, crossing my knees, on the couch and start to write. My shoulder aches but it’s bearable, my writing is more doctor like than normal. Sherlock takes over Greg’s desk, he glances at me after a couple of lines then puts pen to paper again.
John is getting a bit pissed himself now and growls “Why is this the first we’ve heard of this then?” Sherlock is still pacing, agitated. Rosie is quietly watching them instead of the telly.
Sherlock looks up from counting, “I had to pay the taxi. I did have another £20 in my wallet, but I ended up handing it over for the ride here. If you had just waited for me instead of sneaking off…” He pouts.
“Which one was it Afghanistan or Iraq? You’ve a tan but it doesn’t go past your wrist. You have an injury to your left shoulder…”
I lift my protectors as well. I’m happy “The drill instructor I had in the Army insisted everyone learn to shoot right-handed as most weapons are geared that way. These 45’s can be used by either, there is a safety on both sides. The clip ejector is geared to be used with the right thumb however.” I show Sherlock, not sure how much he knows about semi-autos.
“Git. It’s a good thing I love you.” John pulls Sherlock’s head down to rest on his left shoulder, blocking the one ear. To the rest of the room it looks like a cuddle, to Sherlock it is almost heaven.
“Hey! I enjoyed your version of ‘twinkle, twinkle little star’. That was what you played wasn’t it?”
Sherlock is sending text after text on the ride back to Baker Street. He smiles at one reply “Our cake is taken care of, Angelo agreed to make his grandmother’s cake for us along with a tiramisu.” A few more texts. “Mycroft will officiate, says it would be an honour. He’ll have his people hold the Gates, and asks how much more he owes you.” We both chuckle. He sends another text and gets an instant reply. “Molly will be my Best Girl since you have Graham” he gives me a sly smile. “Greg. Who would you like to invite other than my parents and the people at dinner the other night?”
Somehow I manage to pant out “so wonderful, such a brilliant talented boy…” He groans around me again while taking me deep. After a few moments I can feel the orgasm coming, I warn Sherlock by pulling at his curls but he just takes me deeper and swallows around the tip. That was all I needed as I come down his throat.
Kevin grills T-bone steaks outside as I put together a salad in the kitchen. Baked potatoes are ready, keeping warm in the turned off oven. Sherlock sets the table for the four of us then uncorks the bottle of chilled champagne and puts it in an ice bucket Kevin left out. When Kevin comes back in, everything inside is ready to go. Sherlock places Rosie in the old high-chair next to where he’s sitting as I settle next to them. Kevin takes the head of the table as it’s his home.
Sherlock is standing over him holding a large knife at this point. “Best not to insult the chef when he’s armed inspector.” Sherlock cuts the dough and arranges it on the parchment lined pan. Brushes the tops with the last of the milky liquid before sprinkling them generously with sanding sugar. Then places the pan in the oven, adjusting the temperature.
Greg reassures John lowly, “Don’t worry, Sherlock’s a rude son of a bitch but he’s extremely clever.”
Anthea drops off an envelope in the morning along with a few shipping boxes and a large roll of strapping tape. The envelope has Rosie’s passport, California hunting licenses and hog tags for Sherlock and I and an executive membership card in my name for Costco Warehouse. Included is a note from Mycroft stating that the nappies needed for our trip will be too bulky to travel with, use the card wisely.
“And now, the bank contacted us the other day. Apparently Kim had an epic fit, yelling and swearing at my aunt at the teller window. Kim was trying to take out £80,000 to ‘renovate the kitchen’ they were told. Thankfully the accounts in that bank are part of the trust and needs a second signature from a trustee for access! For that kind of money they could renovate my aunt’s entire home.
We kiss until our lips are swollen, neither caring that Rosie is watching. The only reason we stop is that she is giggling at us while babbling and clapping appreciatively.
“Two years of grieving and not telling me about my wife being an assassin!” I grumble back “You owe me!” Sherlock is grinning next to me, he loves it when I let loose on his brother.
Dinner consisting of spaghetti with a tomato based meat sauce, a green salad and homemade bread for five adults and a toddler, was consumed and cleaned up. Rosie was bathed and put to bed, a safety gate keeping the two dogs out of her room so they won’t wake her. The dogs themselves were laying outside of Rosie’s room, watching the new strangers wandering in and out of their house, Odin growling when one came too near.
Kevin still smiling, “Quite right, I never pass up an opportunity to play with fireworks! It’s not supposed to rain until late tomorrow again. I have plenty of extra wood down by the fire pit, figure we can have a fun time of it before you have to head home.”
After Rosie settles and goes back to sleep with her furry, four footed guards, John continues to tend to the various wounds of the agents and Sherlock. Agent Kreisler has a lump on her head, a mild concussion, along with cuts and bruising on her wrists and ankles from being tied up. Agent Parks also has a concussion from being knocked out. As for Sherlock, John is concerned he may have a broken right wrist to go along with his bruised knuckles.
“Oh, hey John. I’ll make sure they get in with today’s tests. You could probably run them through yourself though.” Seeing John’s look “You’re on retainer, so you technically work here now. Talk to Claire in administration, she probably has all your paperwork waiting for you.”
“I’d be delighted” as he hands Rosie over and squeezes my arse with both hands. Maybe I’m not so tired after all!
The street door buzzer sounds, Sherlock goes to answer it as Greg studies the file more while scowling.
“I’ll immobilize it just in case.” Grabbing a bandage roll, wrapping it as he talks. “We can go down to the clinic in town for x-rays tomorrow, I noticed a machine when we brought the blankets back. Meanwhile keep using the icepack and take an anti-inflammatory.” Heads into the kitchen.
His arms are still around me, holding me from behind. I gently lean back into his touch. Sherlock’s arm snakes around to hold me gently across the chest and one hand over my stomach. His hot breath is on my neck as he kisses me working his way to gently nibble my earlobe “thank you sir”. He moves away to continue working with the greens. I can’t help but feel something is missing. I supress a moan, collect myself and step into the lounge with Rosie. I haven’t taken anything and yet I’m feeling a bit intoxicated. I can tell it’s going to be a long night.
Feeling better already, playful, “What would you prefer? Sweet thing, sugar nuts, oh, I know, honey buns.” giggling.
Lestrade looks a bit dumbfounded, absently he grabs the remaining biscuits in a napkin before answering. “I, um, I might have some gym clothes in the boot of my car. I’ll go check.” He hastens off, glancing over his shoulder a few times to watch as Sherlock slowly strides over to the cashier in the corner.
He opens the freezer and hands me another cold pack. “Put this on your shoulder, I’ll get her dressed.” He picks her up. “We’ll be right back won’t we little Bee” he murmurs at her as they head down the hall.
Sherlock looks furious as he calmly answers, “Thank you Mike, I will inform John when he wakes.” Observing the blond man sleeping in his bed.
“Can you continue? Do you need to stop?” Sherlock is worried, asking his questions too low for Kevin to hear.
A nurse is taking John’s blood pressure and temperature. The Doctor looks up “That all he says?” he asks.
Sherlock jumps up and starts to rush out of the building, “The chains! They unlocked the doors before they drove the van through. We can put the chain back on the closed doors to keep them inside. Come on John!”
Once we’re in and the engine is running Kevin taps Sherlock on the shoulder and points “Ok Jeeves, head down that way, go slow it’s bouncy. I’ll point out poison oak as we drive by, there is a lot of it on this hill. You’ll want to avoid it whenever you can.” Kevin points out some pretty tri-lobal red leaves. “The brush with the grey/green leaves and grey bark is ceanothus alba, or as the locals call it, white thorn. The thorns will cause a mild infection if you are scratched or punctured by them.” He clears his throat “Forgot, I meant to leave out a couple books on the local flora and fauna; I’ll do that when we get back.”
“Sounds good.” I watch Sherlock with one eye and Rosie playing with her blocks on the floor with the other. “Can I do anything to help?”
They’ve just finished up a human trafficking case for DI Dimmok that was solved in just under 26-hours. During that time Sherlock didn’t sleep, eat or drink anything, not even the tea John had made for him. Sherlock had only consumed plain water, and that only because John forced it on him. A couple weeks ago, John had picked up supplies and made arrangements to run blood tests through Mike Stamford’s office. John felt mostly healthy and hale again other than a slight tingling in his left palm, ring and pinkie fingers from the damaged nerves in his shoulder. Where Sherlock had stitches was well healed and shouldn’t leave too visible a scar. Time for a certain Consulting Detective to have his long overdue physical.
He takes a quick glance at the folders she’s given him before asking, “Is there anything else Alana?”
Hanging the last shirt in the wardrobe, “Not sure, let’s go and find out.” Happy, John isn’t bored anymore.
We find Greg in the master bedroom along with a couple technicians collecting evidence. The dead woman is laying in the middle of the bed in a fancy looking lace negligée. Sherlock whips out his magnifying glass and starts looking at everything, starting with the body.
I look him in the eye “Don’t live like hermit then. PTSD you can get a variety of treatments for. I’m sure I can find you support, if I can’t, I know people who can. I went to a therapist for years, she helped a bit.”
Sherlock’s brow furrows “How many cabins are on this property? Did you dismantle all the ones you don’t want to keep?”
I regain consciousness slowly, my head and shoulders ache. I’m handcuffed and am hung by them from a chain hooked in the ceiling. The room is cool and I find that am stripped down to my pants. No blindfold, chances are I’m not getting out of here alive. “Shit” is all I can think of to say at the moment.
Cough, cough, “I (cough) called emergency services (cough), told them (cough) to bring me (cough) to you…” A click and a thud can be heard along with laboured breathing.
“Angelo said... Oh you two should have more time. It takes a year to plan for most weddings, you two didn’t even have two weeks! Angelo said he would host, said it is his gift since you aren’t registered anywhere. It’ll be more of a Wedding Bruch than a Breakfast though. I will gift the flowers. But I’ll put the charge for the favours on your rent young man.” She pats my cheek.
“Together or not at all Sherlock. We need to stay together, I can’t watch your back if I can’t see you.” John stares at Sherlock until he nods. “Right, I’ll get Rosie. We’ll grab our guns, I put extra clips and ammunition in the diaper bag.”
Sherlock kneeling by John, covers his friend with his shed Belstaff. Sherlock just nods, freeing John’s hands then tucking his coat tighter around John’s still form.
When seated fully I still until Sherlock looks at me and nods. I gently pull back and thrust again, I repeat the process over and over, slow and steady. God he feels so good, so hot, and so tight. I manoeuvre my hips to the side a bit and with my next thrust Sherlock lets out a deep moan, I found his prostate. I stay at this angle, hitting his prostate on every thrust I can as he wraps his legs around me. I’m getting close so I grasp my still somewhat lubricated hand around his cock and pump him with my thrusts.
Mike reassures John, “Quincy hasn’t done an operation in years, lectures once a week. Most of the time he has been showing his students pictures of the bodies you and Sherlock have investigated with the MET. Just think John, you’d have a free pass to enter at all hours of the day and night. You could go anywhere in the hospital, use whatever equipment you wanted… the pay is more than you’d make full-time at that clinic. You would be the hospital’s official paid consultant with the Police.”
“Cooking is just science John. I didn’t always survive on takeout and toast. I have a chicken to roast along with assorted root vegetables and a salad.” The smell from the oven smells good already. Over by the sink is a pile of greens.
Sherlock absently waves a hand in John’s direction, “Yeah, yeah and bunch of auction houses. Quiet now, let me think,” before starting to pace in the lounge, fore fingers tapping his lips with each step.
“Of course, Sherlock requested that I stay, so I stayed. Doctor Jacobs scheduled your MRI for later this morning.” Mycroft answers.
I respond “Not Donovan though, Greg. I don’t want to deal with her for a while.” I smile at him “We’re good, doesn’t it look like it?” Sherlock is looking at me from the door with one hand on the doorknob the other rubbing Rosie’s back.
Sherlock is shaking his head back and forth, moaning in pleasure. Arching his back as I swallow around the tip of his cock. I hum in appreciation, remembering how good it felt to me when Sherlock did the same to me. More moans of pleasure, he’s sweating and turning a beautiful shade of pink. I continue to lick, suck and bob. I’m starting to feel neglected, but there isn’t much I can do about it while reduced to one hand. I moan in frustration around Sherlock’s cock. I can tell he’s getting close. I swallow him down as deeply as I can again and swallow around the tip, and again. Come up for air and do the same. The fourth time I swallow him down Sherlock comes down my throat with a yell. I swallow what I can and lick him clean.
The GPS in Sherlock’s phone takes us to our destination without a problem. I see a tall, brown eyed, muscular man wearing denims and a black polo shirt, with grey streaked auburn hair in a crew cut leaning against a pillar out front of Costco. He calls out as we walk up “Hey Doc! Great to see you, you’re looking good.” Kevin gives me a bone crushing hug.
Mrs. Hudson is in, cleaning the entryway when they return. Sherlock opens the back of the lorry out front as John unlocks the front door. “Oh, John! How are you doing? I don’t think Sherlock is home dear. Is Rosie visiting with you?”
“Actually, I’m not sure what Kevin does anymore, he didn’t say. He was in a special forces unit in the US Marine Corps when we first met though.” I really don’t want to go further into our history in public.
On her way out of her flat to go upstairs Martha Hudson grabs a cast iron frying pan out of the dishrack by her sink.
“Yeah, I’ll be fine as long as you are with me. Have Mycroft get us whatever is required to hunt as well then.” Voice back to normal.
He slowly wakes up handcuffed to the arms of a metal chair in the middle of a metal cage. “You really are amateurs, aren’t you?” he growls at his captors.
“Are you insane? You can’t buy him! You’re just supposed to be here to observe.” Taking a calming breath, “Mycroft is going to kill me.” Lestrade hisses out looking at the remaining crowd.
“Oh, nothing... just, a, ah Christmas carol… mum always had Dean Martin playing when Harry and I were little.”
“Only have the one clip on, I can tie one if I’m not wearing it though. Hold still.” He gives a tug or two and my tie is perfect. Stepping back, “Damn John! You clean up nice!” he jokes at me.
“I know, Sherlock seems transformed after Sherrinford. It’s odd, but he seems more open, mellowed… at least at home, it’s hard to explain. He’s still an arrogant sod, but that’s part of his charm.” John frowns. “Damn my head hurts, how long unttt…” tenses, teeth clicking, minor tremors in arms and legs; seizure.
John shrugs back, nonchalant, “You never asked.” Back to Mike, still confused, “But, I can’t perform surgery anymore, why would he want me on staff?” Taking a small bite of eggs.
“Why, you going to trade me in for a newer model?” Glancing at his husband and noticing the taught lines. “Or are you jealous? You know I only have eyes for you.”
“Well, since Kevin is answering my emails fairly quickly, not too far I’d say. Still ok to go? Oh, his latest email says it will be quail and pig season if we want to go hunting he’ll lend us some firearms and ammunition.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath, closes his eyes and snorts it out in one huff. “You didn’t answer my latest texts or calls, Mrs. Hudson wasn’t answering her phone.” He opens his eyes, “I was worried John!” he growls out.
I glance over “Sherlock? I can hold Rosie while you fire the riffle. I should be fine by the time you’re done.” I hope, the pain is down to just a dull ache now.
Before the lawyer can make his leave, the door downstairs opens. They can all hear someone bounding quickly up the steps. Sherlock, holding Rosie on his right hip, stops in the doorway, assessing. “Why does John need a lawyer?” he demands walking over to the couch, sitting on the arm next to John.
“Indulge me, I want to purchase these for you. I want to see you in them, I want to feel you in them...” Sighing. “You are nothing close to ordinary John. Please for me?”
The blonde man cracks open one dark blue eye and slurs, “John. Can we talk when the car isn’t moving?” Groaning at a bump in the road followed by a rough cough, then closing his eye again with a grimace.
Harry tries to speak, it gets stuck and she tries again “John, I’m sorry. I messed up haven’t I? God I need help!” Tears are running down her face, leaving black mascara tracks.
The wind was coming from off of the English Channel, bringing a briny, ‘seaweedy’ scent along with the occasional snowflake. Through the window they can just make out the beehives along the stone wall of the inner garden in the moonlight dancing through the scattered clouds. In that self-same window was the reflection of a Christmas tree, complete with lights, ornaments and an old foil and glitter star adorning its top. The tree and the fire were the only sources of light in the cosy room.
Sherlock fills and starts the kettle as Lestrade sits at the table and opens the folder containing John’s history the auction house had to provide by law. “Says here he was a thief, shot by the police while trying to elude capture a couple years ago.” Looking up at a frowning Sherlock, “What’s wrong?”
Turning in John’s arms, wrapping his arms around his husband. “I know… I never believed I would have a family, let alone be the family type, and now look at me.” Nuzzling his cold nose in John’s warm neck.
“Hmm, he had a therapy session today, they have a tendency to wear him out. Did you notice if he had any shopping with him? He mentioned going to the shops on the way back.” Sherlock reports.
“I understand, but I would prefer to wake the patient myself if you don’t mind.” Doctor Jacobs responds.
To his credit John only scowls at the nurse, one eye open, and holds out his free hand, palm up for the medication. Nurse Karl after seeing the look from John and the condescending one from Sherlock across the bed, does not argue. Karl places the pill in John’s hand, waits until he puts it in his mouth then offers the straw for John to drink.
He opens a file ‘pantry view 4’. It shows a breakfront, the open drawers hold linens. The top of the breakfront has an open case of beer and eight bottles of wine in a rack (three red, the rest white). “We might add to his liquor collection if that is all he has.” Sherlock jokes.
I direct Sherlock to the first car, the driver opens the rear door to reveal another bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice. Last thing we need is more alcohol tonight. Sherlock and I kiss the short drive back to Baker Street, I grab the bottle of champagne as the driver opens the door. I thank him quickly as Sherlock fumbles to open the front door.
Sherlock takes the shotgun from my hands, unloading it quickly and placing it in the empty spot in the holder. Turning he takes Rosie from Kevin’s hands so he can show us the safe use of the rifles he brought out.
“I’ve been assured a rank hike up to Coronel before I fully retire, bigger pension. Between that and the rent I receive I’m well off.” He walks over to wake up his computer. “I need to check to make sure everything I requisitioned is ready.”
I nod, “Sure, either way is fine with me. Just remember I’d prefer not to drive if I don’t have to.”
Angelo went all out for the reception. He cancelled all reservations and closed the restaurant for the evening. He put tables together to form one large u-shape with Sherlock and me at the top. He and Mrs. Hudson were enthusiastic with decorating the tables. There are red camellia from the rear courtyard of 221 floating in crystal bowls, red roses and chrysanthemums in vases. Tendrils of ivy intertwined with votive candles and purple orchid flowers woven around the vases.
The nurse still in the room is stunned but it is nothing to the look on Doctor Barnes’ face. To his credit the nurse puts down the chart and leaves the room, presumably to collect the pain medication and food. Doctor Barnes comes out of her stunned trance, turns off the light on her way out.
“Hey, glad you could make it. We can’t make heads or tails on this one.” Greg grins and turns heading down the alleyway. “Guy taking a shortcut found the body, or what’s left of the body. He seems to be missing his head. Wallet’s missing, no id as yet; we’ll have to run fingerprints later.”
“Lestrade sent a case. He’s either hired a better photographer or they finally listened to how I want the pictures framed.” I look over his shoulder at the screen with a picture of a messed up room, blood on one wall. No body.
I hail another cab and head over to Bart’s to have a quick talk with Mike. He assured me everything I want can be delivered by the next day, to Mrs. Hudson.
“I seem to be able to consume eggs, fish and white meat; chicken and turkey. Ground beef in a vegetable sauce is tolerable. But I have been having issues with nausea since the attack if I attempt to eat larger pieces of pork, lamb or beef. I used to love bacon, can’t stomach it anymore.” Greg grunts from the other side of the room remembering breakfast a few weeks back.
John squints his left eye open again as Sherlock answers, “His head hurts, has double vision and nausea, sensitive to light.”
This time Sherlock answers with pure scorn “We’re fine Lestrade, drop it already.” He opens the door and marches toward elevator without a backward glance.
Molly looks at the wall just over John’s left shoulder, “Actually John, I was thinking Sherlock could penetrate me while you, um, do the same to him. If he, um, finishes before you… then you could sort of… take over.” Turning an even deeper shade of red. “Sherlock, he said you always get him off before you… um” Molly waves a hand in the air.
Sherlock’s eyes widen, “Our clothing! Kevin you normally keep your hamper in the toilet but moved into your bedroom since we arrived. Our soiled clothing is on a chair by the wardrobe. The gunpowder was strong on our clothing as the wind drifted our way during the fireworks!”
“There’s something more, you’re mad. Why are you? Oh, Mycroft.” Sigh, “What did my idiot brother do this time?” Exasperated.
“Yeah, I’m surprised he didn’t say anything before. We talked about everything on our pub nights, or at least I did.” John carefully pulls off his clothing, throwing it on an empty chair and gets in bed to Sherlock’s right.
I’m thinking to myself ‘I had to hurry back for this?’ but voice out loud, “Anything else out of the ordinary happen during this time Miss Wigglesworth?” There has to be more or Sherlock would have thrown her out by now.
I close the ledger and turn in his arms. “I knew you had money but I didn’t think it would be quite this much.” Patting the ledger against his arm. “I was worried we might go broke next month.” I hold him tight, and whisper into his neck “We could travel from house to house to house…” I’m a bit dizzy with the thought.
“I really don’t want to ride in an ambulance, we should be alright with a taxi Greg.” John states sitting on a step in the back of said ambulance, left hand gripping a rear belt loop on his denims to keep his shoulder from moving too much. Robert King is moaning, securely handcuffed to the gurney inside being tended to by one of the techs. John winces when the tech treating him presses an absorbent pad over the nail still imbedded in his slowly bleeding left shoulder.
Out of the corner of his eye, John sees Sherlock rise and walk over, stopping in front of him. “John” softly. Sherlock uses two fingers to lift John’s chin to look him in the eye. “I have never been bored with you in all the time we’ve known each other. I could never be bored with you.” To accentuate the point, he leans down to give John a passionate kiss.
The atmosphere seems to still as does Sherlock, holding his breath with a wide eyed guilt-ridden stare at me. Shit, I haven’t even had a sip of my tea yet! I reach my hand to cup it over Sherlock’s to reassure him we’re still alright. I clear my throat “Sherlock faked his death to protect me, our landlady Mrs. Hudson and a DI from NSY from a criminal mastermind. He spent over two years tracking down his crime network, dismantling it, piece by piece, before it was safe enough to come back. He sacrificed himself for our safety.”
“Rosie is with Molly, she likes her cat.” Shy, “I” cough, “I, um, want to… to ask you… something. I’m… (Whispered) shite.” John comes to attention, looks Sherlock in the eye. “I want to come home, here, back to Baker Street.”
Upon opening the unlocked door to B flat, Martha spots John, wearing only a t-shirt with his left arm wrapped in bloody blue fabric, facing off against a man with a large knife. John sees her and growls, holding the other man’s attention. The strange man has his back to her. Thinking quickly, she swings the pan as hard as she can at the strangers’ head, hearing a satisfying sound as it hits home.
Sherlock walks around the jeep to where I’m still sitting with Rosie. “Your friend is a busy fellow, did you count how many places he’s torn down? Oh, what was wrong at the spring?”
“Rudolf The Red Nosed Reindeer‘’ by Dean Martin is playing in the background. Most of the tune is being drowned out by the babbling voices from the long line of parents and their impatient children waiting to visit with Santa just outside their door.
Looking at Sherlock, “You wouldn’t mind driving that far? I’d rather not if I don’t have to.” John adds.
I can’t help but become aroused as Sherlock massages shampoo and then conditioner in my hair.  The intense stare he gives me as he slowly lathers up my body is more than I can handle. I reach up my right hand, cupping the back of Sherlock’s neck to bend his head down for a kiss. Our tongues are rolling over one another as the passion heats up when I forget about my shoulder. I pull back when my shoulder spasms “Oh Fuck!” Desire vanishes, my cock softens.
Sherlock adjusts his seat, ignoring the rack. He places the sandbags toward the front edge, resting the barrel on them. He looks through the scope “Do you want me to aim at the left or right target?”
“What was that John? I didn’t quite catch what you said.” Sherlock frowns at John as Molly blushes again, she was close enough to hear his comment.
“I beg to differ Doctor Watson, Sherlock is my brother. I think I know him better than you.” Condescending.
“I stopped getting in touch with you because you were drunk and stopped responding to my attempts. I was having enough troubles of my own and couldn’t handle yours on top of them.” I squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder again, he gives my hand a quick pat.
I can’t help but laugh as I start washing Rosie’s face. “He’s a bit keen, isn’t he little one?” I gingerly pick her up, favouring my left. I bounce her on my right hip going down the hall, I take a quick sniff of her diaper to make sure it’s clean. I hum a lullaby as I lay her down and rub her back soothingly. She falls asleep within a few minutes.
I take a taxi back to Baker Street to drop off the packages and grab Rosie’s pram, she’s starting to get heavy. We wander down the street to Tesco to pick up enough disposable cameras for everyone to have two along with some milk, bread and a chicken. We meander the long way home to stop by the pharmacy to grab more lube, as we’re running low. It’s half past eleven when we get back. Mrs. Hudson is back from her errands and agrees to watch Rosie when Greg arrives.
Sher purrs, “Oh, very nice. You’ll leave a lovely corpse.” Lightly grazing long sharp fingernails up John’s muscled torso. “I think this can be improved upon though.” Pointing a sharp fingernail of her left hand into the scar on the front of his left shoulder. “Looks like this was painful, I wonder if I can get my knife through the same hole.” She wonders, staring John in the eye as he glares back, blood slowly trickling down the right side of his face from where Robert hit him.
We head back to the lounge and each pull out a pad of paper and start writing in mutual agreement. When done we hand each other our lists. I am a bit alarmed at some of the items on his punishment list.
“The bullets stopped flying so I ventured out to see if I could help anyone, Jake was dead. Fred was shot in several places but was still alive. As I was assessing him, I felt a burning in my shoulder and Fred had a new wound in his head. I’m not sure what all happened after that, it’s all a pain filled blur.
“But before I sit down, let me round off by wishing the happy couple well. Don’t forget, you two, that the real relationship starts here – love may be blind but marriage is a proper eye-opener. The important thing, as you embark on married life, is not to get hung up on the small things, and to maintain a sense of humour. John's already proved he has one by going through with today. Best wishes to Sherlock and John!”
“I know love. There’s nothing to worry about, I’m just a bit achy.” I put my hand over his, clicking our wedding rings together.
“Time…hum, if we want to have lunch say anywhere from 11-1. If we want supper any time after 4 and before 7 would work. I have no preference, do you?” As I put Rosie in her highchair and strap her in.
“The weapon used just missed his left kidney, he was a very lucky man. We were able to stop the bleeding, he should make a full recovery. He’s just coming out of anaesthesia now then we’ll move him up to a room for a day or two of observation before he can be released to go home.”
I step behind Sherlock placing a hand on his shoulder. “Harry, do you want to get clean and sober? We can help you with that if you are serious about it. I won’t force you if you don’t want to at least try. I love you, but not when you’re drunk.”
Sherlock smirks, “Color, thickness and material, it takes a good eye…” glances up at John realizing something, “Your vision, it’s still off, isn’t it? The window sheers are drawn as are most of the curtains, no lights; you still have the headache too.”
Thankfully Greg ignores it and just smirks and changes the subject. “How’s the shoulder healing up?”
John starts to wrench his arm away as Sherlock whispers low in his ear, “Steady, I know you are a free man. Go along with the show and I’ll get you safely out of here.” Sherlock is rewarded with a small, quick nod. He whispers again, “Good, that’s it relax, I won’t hurt you.” Sherlock pulls a clean monogramed handkerchief from his front pocket. “Here, for your head.”
“The Park is perfect, do we need to reserve the spot? Molly would be your best woman/girl or maybe maid of honour? Mycroft would probably be annoyed if he didn’t have some function in the wedding seeing as he arranged for the license and all. Who’s going to perform the ceremony? Damn there are a lot of things left to do and no time to get them done.” The panic is building, I can’t help it.
“I thought we might wander down towards Union Square then maybe Pier 39. I would like us to have dinner at the Cliff House. I made arrangements with the concierge, we have reservations for 6:30.” He takes my hand and kisses both our cheeks. “You feel warm, you okay John?” Sherlock wonders placing sunglasses on my face, the fog is burning off.
A few days later, I was just toweling off following a shower at Bart’s after a physiotherapy session when my phone alerted me to an incoming text.
We’ve had the cooking, now for the storm part. You might not have heard but I was abducted (Yes, again!) and ended up in hospital with a concussion. While reducing the sauce, I had a severe headache flare up unexpectedly. Sherlock gave me a massage, he finished it off by playing my favorites on the violin until I fell asleep. When I awoke, my headache was gone and my vision had cleared for the first time in days!
Jorge laughs back “Right you are Doctor Watson!” He then starts mumbling and pinning here and there.
The man steps forward, extending his hand to shake, “I am the Holmes family lawyer, Henri Daggett. Dr. Watson, I am a huge fan of your blog. I am here to go over the allegation of assault brought against you by a Mr. Benjamin Wolfe. Do you recall the events on the afternoon and evening of 23rd of February of this year?” Sitting at the opposite end of the couch from John. Greg sits in Sherlock’s chair, Mycroft settles in Johns.
Sherlock looks at John, “I’m not leaving you here alone.” Rubbing John’s shoulder again, “I’ve been solving everything that was in the inbox, even the boring cases. I thought we could use the money to pay your hospital bill, you did get injured while on the job after all. Do we still have the joint PayPal account?”
“Right, I’ll, um, just go back to work. I’ll have a service drop of some pain meds and antibiotics later.” Jaw cracking yawn, “I’ll come back tomorrow after my class to check in on him again and bring a few more supplies and a new cane. John had a shower before I stitched him up, he stank of delousing agent. We changed the sheets. Um, keep his stitches dry." pointing, "I left notes on aftercare on the bedside table. If you have questions call, text, or just ask John, he’s an excellent Doctor. I’d like to x-ray his ribs, right hip and foot, make sure nothing is broken under the bruising.” Talking as he walks down the hallway.
When the festivities come to a mutual end there are eight black sedans waiting out front, the names of our guests held on placards by the drivers. The first in line has a small bouquet of flowers tied to the antenna with ivy trailing down. Sherlock and I follow Molly and Mrs. Hudson to their car, saying a careful goodnight to Rosie so as not to wake her. I pat Mycroft and Greg on the shoulder while walking by them; the cars were a nice surprise.
“Fucking hell that was awful, haven’t had a nightmare like that in ages.” John growls out finally breaking the silence.
Harry nods her head. “I want to John, I don’t know if I’m strong enough… God I’ve messed so much up! I miss Clara, she’s getting married again, did you know? No, how would you. You don’t call me anymore!” Angry and yelling by the end.
Sherlock grunted an affirmative while watching John’s reaction of a quick shrug, in the rearview mirror
Doctor Barnes pipes up irritated, “Well now that we’ve got that settled, I would like the light on so I can check my patient.”
It wasn’t a far walk, but it was long enough on this ice-cold January evening. Storm clouds were rolling in, lightning streaking across the sky followed by the ever-closer rumbles of thunder. The man cursed himself yet again for leaving his flat this morning without his wallet. He could have taken a cab home instead of having to walk from the tube station, or better yet he could have just taken a cab straight from work. The day he had was a long one, starting well before the sun came up and it was long gone as he limped his way down the poorly lit street. He was tired and sore, leaning heavily upon an aluminium cane with every other step.
“California Jade, there are two types on the ranch. This one is my personal favourite. Looks like I found a large chunk this time too.” Kevin keeps digging with his hands around the rock, moving other stones out of his way. “It’s not worth much, but it is pretty to look at. I have a few chunks back at the house.” He moves another stone and knocks the rock with his heel, it moves. “Finally, some of these put up a fight.” Picking up the rock. To me it’s just a greenish rock, he must see the look on my face. “Let me get this cleaned off and wet, you’ll see.” He walks over to where Sherlock is looking at whatever is swimming in the water. “Heads up!” Kevin calls just before tossing the rock next to Sherlock.
Six year old Rosie comes up the stairs with tears in her eyes followed by a flustered Mrs. Hudson. Rosie doesn’t stop at the lounge to greet her Papa as she usually does, she just runs on by up the next set of stairs and into her room.
I blush, I can’t help it “Thanks Greg, you’re not so bad yourself.” And he blushes. I glance at my watch, its 6pm. “I think it’s time to head over. I told Mrs. H I would escort her over to the Park.”
“I’m flattered that you trust me enough with this Sherlock.” We both pack items back in the box. I take the crop and stand up. “I’m going to put on the kettle, do you want some tea?” I walk across the room and give my chair a quick whack with the crop. A large cloud of dust rises up.
As he walks over to us, Jorge reassures me. “Never fear Doctor John sir, I will have your tuxedo prepared for you in time for your wedding. I will not rest until it is done.” He hands Sherlock Rosie and pats me on the back then helps remove the last bit of the suit.
I moan, it feels so fucking good. “Look at you, so lovely with my cock in your mouth.” He groans in appreciation, god that feels even better! “You make such pretty sounds, you can’t get me in deep enough can you? You’re such a pretty cock slut.” He increases suction, damn he’s fantastic at this. I’m not going to last much longer. He’s looking at me though his lashes, his eyes are dark. Sherlock pulls off and licks a stripe up the bottom of my cock then bends lower and draws a testicle in his mouth. He licks up the underside of my cock again then swallows me down to the root again. He bobs his head a few times, running his tongue over the slit. Then swallows me down again.
