Steve pulled away, recoiling as if he’d been struck. It had made him sick to see himself as Hydra, to hear how easy it had been for him to became evil. But he had drawn a line between them: this evil version of Steve was something entirely alien, different to himself. Knowing that other Steve could share his feelings for Tony was horrifying, disgusting.
Tony never saw the doctor with the white moustache again. Maria told Tony that he was too old. That he was senile like Tony’s grandfather and unable to remember who he was talking to. That was why he hadn’t recognised that Tony was sick.
Steve obeyed, tugging off his shirt gingery. Tony turned away from him politely making Steve wonder to what his actions were driven by coding and what was a distinct choice made the A.I. Steve had often wondered the same about J.A.R.V.I.S. and F.R.I.D.A.Y. – both A.I.s had acted so human that the rare glimpses of their true, machine nature had always felt like a troubling surprise. Tony’s AI was another level beyond them, he was so, so human. Troubled, unhappy in a way that neither J.A.R.V.I.S. and F.R.I.D.A.Y. had ever been. Steve scoffed, smiling to himself. Tony would call him a pessimistic if he tried to explain that humanity was evident in their ability to be dissatisfied. Distracted by his thoughts, Steve was careless as he undressed. A sound of discomfort escaped him as he jarred the wound at his side.
He should also have been here with Tony the first time; Steve hadn’t understood how bad Tony’s alcoholic problem was. He had thought of it as a weakness in Tony’s character, a habit like his many sexual liaisons. Steve had dismissed Tony’s illness as a choice. But nothing about this was choice, no one would choose this. Steve felt sick at his own ignorance, his own callousness.
“No, for this one, you need a real boy,” Tony said, his voice sharp. Steve winced; it was cruel to have created such a human A.I.; torture for a being who hated what they were. Steve felt bad for ever thinking that the Tony A.I. had been a machine, being a machine would have been a mercy.
It took Tony a few long moments before he realised the doctor wasn’t coming back. The medical team had left him hunched over his knees, tense in anticipation, and his backside exposed to the room. The familiar nurse was packing up the nozzle and the canister of pain relief, uncaring to Tony’s searching eyes. Tony’s cheeks burnt, his stomach squirming in a way that felt almost just as bad as the pain of the procedure. Their lack of acknowledgment left him feeling small, his embarrassing position barely human. Tony reached around himself miserably, dragging the cover back over himself; his backside ached as moved, bruised and tender.
Steve nodded slowly, accepting that this was as close to a goodbye as they would get. “And you need to save Steve.”
“Come on, baby,” Tony mumbled, squirming as he tried to shrug out of his own shirt. Steve grabbed the offending piece of fabric, ripping it cleanly down the middle and peeling it off Tony. Tony cursed, eyes darkening with arousal. He surged upwards, arms and legs wrapping around Steve, dragging him down.
Steve looked down at himself. He was still wearing the strange navy and blue commanders uniform that the red-eyed Tony had given him. It was sleek and sturdy and he might have liked it in other circumstances but now it felt tainted. His skin crawled in memory. “I don’t like it either.”
After what felt like an age, Tony’s bedfellows were ready to go. The woman bent down to retrieve a pair of heels near Steve, hanging the thin heel straps off her index fingers as she padded clumsily onwards. Abruptly she came to a stop, seeming to notice Steve for the first time. She hummed in surprise, canting her head like a curious bird as she looked him over. Her eyes were encircled by the smeared remains of her eyeliner and mascara, pupils were blown wide. She couldn’t have been more than 21.
“Steve! Steve! It’s me!” The woman in his arms choked out desperately. Her fingers were clawing at his arm, fighting against him uselessly. Steve jolted; he recognised her voice. He remembered her.
“Sorry,” AI Tony said, the pixels of his fingers breaking apart and reforming as he moved his hand away from Steve. “I forgot I can’t touch sometimes.”
“Oh, this position seems familiar, doesn’t it?” Tony grinned darkly as if hearing Steve’s thoughts. “I can see why you liked it.”
Steve struggled to his feet; a hand pressed to his side. Tony darted towards him; he was slower than usual but steady, stronger than before. He reached out to Steve, inhaling sharply as his hands came in contact with the blood seeping through Steve’s uniform.
Steve ignored him, running towards the Hydra Supreme. At the last second he leaped, twisting in mid-air to land a kick to the man’s face. Or least that’s what he planned. The Hydra Supreme grabbed Steve’s ankle, using his own momentum to throw him hard to the ground. Steve landed awkwardly, only just managing to roll out the way of the Hydra Supreme’s boots. Pain rippled in icy fingers up through his torso, his wound throbbing warningly.
Tony was like a wild animal, punches dissolving into a desperate fearful clawing. He was making a low-pitched whine, deaf to Steve’s explanations. Steve rolled on top of him, capturing Tony's arms and pinning them next to his head as gently as he could. Tony heaved, the fight leeching out of him with exhaustion. He looked up and Steve nearly recoiled at the fear, the hate in his blue eyes. Tony had never looked at him like that before.
Tony’s fingers traced his face, a feather touch against his lips. “There are other ways of shutting me up, other than with your fists you know.”
Tony nodded, the curiosity in his features melting to concern. Steve couldn’t help but compare the man to the others he had met. His eyes judging the lines stretched faintly across his forehead, and the creases pressed into the corners of his eyes. His eyes were normal, familiar warm blue instead of the electric blue but there were lingering hints that not everything was natural. His skin was golden, radiant, his hair thick and threatening to curl around his ears. Steve felt like he had been given a series of puzzle pieces and was trying to piece them together, to figure out the order. He and Tony hadn’t been together during Tony’s time in San Francisco but this Tony hadn’t mentioned the commander's outfit indicating it matched the one the Steve from this time was wearing. That meant they had fixed the red-eyed Tony, broken Wanda’s spell.
“Just temporary, darling.” He drawled; legs tucked up neatly beneath him. “I’ll be expanding soon. I plan to go back to my Steve: to help him.”
They remained like that, kissing and grinding against each other, clothes still on like teenagers. Steve’s suit was too tight, almost painful on his erection but his mind was too dazed with arousal to do anything about it. He panted, breathlessly into Tony’s mouth, moving faster. Tony’s nails were scratching long desperate lines down his back, urging him on. Steve captured Tony’s wrists, pinning his arms above his head easily. Tony whined, twisting and fighting against him, his eyes dark, needy.
“People in your time need your help.” Tony pressed, “Bucky and Sam. Sharon. S.H.I.E.L.D. falls after the SHRA, replaced by HA.M.M.E.R. and Norman Osborn.  Without you they won’t have anyone to turn to. They need your help. The Tony in your time is about to get his brain deleted. He needs your help.”
Tony’s sudden entrance allowed him to knock out two bots before they noticed him. He spun out and up as they turned around to face him; their red eyes glinting in their metallic faces. They were a more skeleton-like version of a doombot than Tony was used to. Oversized skulls with sharpened limbs; luckily there was only a dozen. Doom must be test driving a new prototype.
Tony nodded uncertainly, slumping against Steve’s bare chest with a sigh. Steve shivered at the feel of Tony’s face, his facial hair against his exposed skin.
A weak laugh escaped Tony and he looked up at Steve, “Now I know you’re a hallucination. Steve would never say he wanted me.”
It didn’t matter though, there were plenty of other paediatricians who were happy to answer the call from the Stark household. Each new doctor brought his mother excitement. She was a child at Christmas, too full of energy to stand still as she told Tony fervidly that “This is the one. This one would help us.”
Without warning, Steve’s knees slammed hard into the ground. Almost instantly his legs gave way. He dropped gracelessly forward, managing to twist just in time to avoid face planting into the dirt. Fire blazed through his stomach, moving snake-like through his gut. Steve fought hard against himself, pushing past the almost unbearable pain, past the desire to let himself relax back into darkness. It was mostly stubborn determination that made him open his eyes. Steve would be damned if he was going to die with his hands tied behind his back like a common criminal.
Tony made a sleepy noise in the back of his throat. It was warm in his nursery but he didn’t feel hot, just sleepy and loved. “No.” he said finally, not noticing at first as the rocking chair slowed to a halt.
The presenters disappeared, unsteady recorded footage stretching out across the screen. It was a crowd, a twisting mass of bodies, locked together as they struggled. They were shouting at the cameras, desperation written across their faces even as they snarled with anger. The most noticeable thing about them was their appearance. They were impossibly beautiful. Every single one of them was young and lean, capped with full glossy hair and shining teeth. They were like Tony.
“Tony, Tony. Stay with me. Come on Tony.” Steve was frantic, his face pale and contorted with fear. Tony wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Steve look scared before, not really.
Clint raised an eyebrow at his socked feet and the unchanged sleep outfit he wearing from that morning but wisely didn’t say anything. The arm at their feet gave a spasm, the circuity flaring.
Steve made a noise, interrupting Tony before he could say what Steve suspected he was going to. “I mind.” He said firmly and Tony pulled a face but shrugged.
He wasn’t, no one was. Peter scurried back to his room, stamping all over his half-finished drawings as he leapt into bed and under the covers. The cartoon face of his Papa stared up at him with a grin. His teeth were too white and there were words curling over his head proclaiming
“This isn’t right, this isn’t you.” Tony gasped, trying to push himself upright, “It must be a spell, or mind control, or-“
“What are you doing?” Steve asked, stretching slowly. The wound in his side was a deep throbbing pain and his back was stiff, muscles sore from hold himself tense for so long.
“Anthony, stop messing around,” Maria said sharply as Doctor Carter started to pull away. She leaned over and pressed her thumb into Tony’s lower stomach, pushing hard to remind him. “You said it hurt here, remember.” She looked at the doctor, shrugging apologetically. “I’m sorry, Doctor Carter. I don’t know why he’s acting like this.”
“Shit!” Steve gripped Tony tight and rolled, diving off the road and into the ditch between the tarmac and the corn. A snap of air whipped past them, the bullet hitting the dirt and sending a cloud of dust around them.
Later that day Tony collapsed and Maria cried as she held his limp body, ordering Jarvis to call the doctor quick.
He cracked his neck, a strange memory flashed behind his closed eyelids, of Tony pressed into the space beneath his arm, cheek resting on Steve’s chest. Steve frowned; they had never done that. Steve would have remembered that right. He blinked, telling himself he would figure that and everything else out later. That none of that mattered right now.
Steve thought about the A.I. uneasily. He had been so human, so full of emotions. Being an A.I. had been lonely and frustrating for him, a painful experience for one who felt alive, who wanted to touch. He had been as self-doubting, dissatisfied as any human, driven by loyalty and guilty and love to do whatever was needed to save his Steve.
Tony smiled. He and Steve had been dancing around each other for a long time, sparks between them waxing and waning as if in time with the movement of some unknown cosmic force. There had always been tension between them, sometimes Tony thought they would tear each other apart they clashed so much. But lately, things had been different, softer. It felt inevitable the way things were changing as if they were slowly falling into each other.
Steve didn’t recognise the Iron Man suit Tony was wearing. It was fitted close, silvery and somehow slightly obscene. Tony had removed his face-plate but metal lingered across his brow, almost crown-like. Over the top of suit, Tony was wearing his old bright red jacket. Steve hadn’t seen the jacket in years, not since those early days back in the manor. A memory of Tony, eyes twinkling mischievously over the edge of the jacket’s turned up collar came to Steve suddenly and he breathed deeply, chest hurting at the memory. Tony hadn’t smiled like that in a long time. He hadn’t smiled at all recently.
“Could you lay off the sarcasm for once Tony? I’m trying to figure out what’s wrong with our son and all you’re doing is making it harder!”
Steve smiled back, his hand coming to rest on Tony’s shoulder. Steve’s hand was big enough to make Tony feel small, fragile in his grasp and Tony shivered at the contact, nerve ending lighting up.
“As far as everyone else is aware Tony is in a coma, safe and hidden at one of his properties. But three days ago, one of the alarms on the pod went off. Steve found him. He’s trying to wake Tony up.”
Alongside the diet changes came the epi-pens. They were, his mother explained, for Tony to use when he ate something he shouldn’t have. She coached him through their use –  “Blue to the sky, Orange to the thigh” – and watched with dark, loving eyes as Tony brought the pen down hard into his leg, wincing at the stab of the needle and the rush of adrenaline that ran through him. Almost immediately he felt dizzy, nauseated. He had a rabbit heart, straining against his ribcage. Maria soothed him as he lay panting, stroking his sweat-soaked curls. She had pressed the second epi-pen into his slick palm and told him to keep practicing.
“What about a scratch test?” Maria interrupted. She was titled forward, almost folding Tony in half as she leaned closer to the doctor.
“Twelve bots, a shot to the head sorts them out easily enough.” He told them, demonstrating with a neatly time repulsor blast.
“Hey, hey.” Steve reached out, taking Tony’s hand. Their fingers threaded together easily. It was almost painful to touch Tony gently after the time he had spent with Tony’s A.I. A gift Steve hadn’t even known he had. He squeezed softly, drawing Tony’s attention back to him. “You showed mercy.”
“Hmm,” the doctor said, peering at the thermometer. “He has a slight temperature but no other symptoms. I don’t think there is anything to worry about.”
Tony’s smiled. For a moment his expression flickered – blink-and-you-miss- it-quick; his soft smile replaced by something hungry and cold. A predator’s grin.
Tony followed her arm and stared dumb and confused. This wasn’t a conversation he knew how to navigate and he felt anxiety clawing at him as he became aware that he had done something wrong but was ignorant as to what his mistake had been.
He hadn’t slept in his tiny jail cell the night before. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Tony lying beaten beneath him, blood in his teeth as he told Steve to “finish it”. Steve found himself looking back. His recent decisions strained under his scrutiny, spiderwebbing cracks across glass. With a sickening dread, he recognised that he hadn’t been fighting a war of principal. Not towards the end anyway.  He and Tony had been engaged in an argument of stubbornness, of pride. Steve’s certainty of his position had been bolstered by his anger at Tony, and his inability to see beyond his anger had made him willing to carry on a pointless fight. Steve had seen the destruction their lack of compromise had caused the city. He had seen the pain he had caused the public – the pain he had caused his friends, caused Tony. But by then it had been too late. Tony had said the public was scared of them and he had been right in that aspect. He had been right about a lot of things.
Tony scoffed, his eyes rolling. “Firstly, you assume Hydra Steve would be honest. And secondly, things are different now. Before Tony went into the coma, he and Steve were together.”
“I know. I’m a genius. People underestimate me because I’m small.” Tony continue, hopping from one foot to another. “It’s silly to underestimate people because they’re small. Captain America was small and he ended up being a superhero!”
Tony blinked away the memory, brushing the spiderwebs of clinging feeling away his eyes as the door to the doctor’s office closed behind him. The little office felt small, stifling and Tony drew in a shaky hot breath, wondering if the air was thick or heavy or if maybe his lungs were ill as well as his stomach.
Papa’s arm swung up and then sideways. His hand came back down, twisted so the back of it slammed into Daddy’s face. Daddy cried involuntarily as the hit landed, the noise choked off as his jaw moved. His face was forced to one side and his whole body twisted to follow. He stumbled and fell to the ground, his legs splayed out around Papa’s bare feet. Peter's stomach twisted horribly at the sight. He Daddy didn’t look right, he looked small and frightened and when he turned his face upwards there a big red mark on his jaw and moisture pooling in his eyes.
“M-Maria,” Everette repeated her name breathlessly. Doctor Everette, was the youngest Doctor Tony had seen. He was barely out of medical school with a face marred by fading acne scars and big hands that hung from slender wrists, like a puppy with oversized paws. Howard had called him a flop and refused to meet with him, but Maria had liked him instantly, her eyes lighting up as he stammered his way through introducing himself.
“Tony.” Steve tried again, reaching out. He made a noise of frustration as he looked down. The edges of his fingers were starting to blur, material dissolving. His vision started to blur. “No, not yet” Steve hissed and took a step forward.
The AI flung out his hand. His arm sliced through the consoles, blue pixels wobbling out of existence. He sighed, defeated. The blue outline of his arm reformed quickly, blue light twirling like ribbons back into skin and flesh.
“I’m fine.” Tony tried to say, but the words came out garbled, wet sounding. Steve looked sick, colourless.
Tony laughed, his eyes were already half lidding, sleep threatening. “Please don’t apologise after that. Although I am really regretting the decision to not take off my jeans first.”
Tony looked at his mother blankly, wincing as he realised his attention had wondered. Maria sighed but didn’t scold him, repeating, “You’re not like your grandfather or father are you? You’re not going to eat and eat like an animal?”
“Treason?” Steve shook his head; the pain was spreading behind his eyes.  “but that doesn’t make any sense.”
“Ironman, status,” Steve ordered; his voice crackled across the comms. Tony could hear the tension in his voice, the bumbling anger.
Steve had been staring at the empty door but turned just in time to see Tony swing himself off the end of the bed and stand up.
Steve smiled, quick to take the offered easy way out of the awkward moment. “You’re confused? Today, I met you as a seven-year-old.”
Steve went to Tony quickly. It was so easy, felt so right to capture the other man in his arms and pull him close. Tony shivered against Steve, obviously torn between anger and anxiety. Despite the picture-perfect romance they had on the surface, evidence of deep cracks, of past betrayals lingered beneath the surface. And Steve had made them worse. He hated that, kicking himself. He had finally found a time where he and Tony weren’t fighting or apart and he was ruining it. He titled Tony’s face upwards, staring into the man’s blue eyes as if he could convey his sincerity through his expression alone. “I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry.”
“We fought each other for too long.” Steve tried, “and nothing good came of it. I need to speak to Tony.”
The warm wall Tony was pressing himself into shuddered, a brief earthquake of breathing, and Tony realised abruptly that he was pressed into Steve’s chest, his whole body curled up tight into the other man. Tony’s eyes opened, his gaze darting up to catch Steve staring at him, watched Tony through the feathery sweep of his fair lashes. Steve smiled, the corners of his lips pulling up into a lazy, sleep-filled smile. Tony felt momentarily breathless, caught off guard by the other man’s soft golden perfection.
Steve looked down at his hands, remembering his previous time jump and the loving if the uneasy relationship between himself and Tony that he had found there. He remembered Tony’s fragility, the self-doubt and neediness in him. It would be easy for Hydra Cap to manipulate that, to twist it. He clenched his fists together. “Tell me what I need to do.”
“Tony once told me that extremis changed his brain, made it a hard drive.” Steve’s stomach was a knot, horror making his sick. “Tony is the register.”
Heat flared in Steve’s gut at the thought. His hips stuttered, rocking hard into Tony. “So, come then,” Steve ordered and beneath him Tony gave a hoarse, bitten off cry, his back arching. Seeing Tony’s release was enough to send Steve over the edge; he groaned, eyes fluttering shut as his orgasm ripped through him. His abdomen clenched, spasming hard.
Steve was quiet, taken aback by the coldness, the sharpness of Tony’s remark. Tony seemed to realise that he had been top brusque and he winced, expression softening.
Steve nodded, his head spinning. The A.I. had mentioned Stark Resilient. But Steve didn’t know what it was, or at least he didn’t think he did.  But after everything, if Tony said they were safe here he was inclined to believe him. Automatically, he reached down to his wound, surprised when he found it was wrapped up, bandaged anew. His suit had been peeled off once again.
Steve tried to reply, to tell Tony that he wasn’t alone. That Steve felt the same way, but his tongue had stopped working. He was falling again, the pain curling up through his torso. Tony was fading as well, blurring to just a dark shadow.
Tony laughed, “We are fundamentally incompatible, we will never share the same beliefs, never want the same things. We will always disappoint and hurt each other. And yet we can’t stay away, we don’t want to stay away. We’re magnets, drawn and repulsed by each other. We bring out the worst in each other Steve.”
Steve could feel his insides aching, twisted and knotted in pain. This Tony may have been an AI but he had inherited Tony’s all too human ability to blame himself for everything. “You didn’t know.”
Pain. Extraordinary, unexpected pain ripped through his stomach, knocking the breath out of him. He went limp, gasping as the feeling worked its way through him. Unlike before, this pain was cold, ice daggers slowly pressing into his gut.
Steve’s tried to remember how the Hydra Supreme version of himself had spoken. He tried to emulate the other’s cruel, sneering drawl. “Good. Now take me there.”
If possible, Steve’s frown deepened. “You never ignore my calls. You should have waited for the team.”
“The future, probably about as far into the future as you’ve been.” Iron Man looked at Steve, facing him directly for the first time.
Tony grinned. It was as if his smile triggered something. The remaining floating metal snapping onto to Tony, hardening into an Iron Man suit.  The strange crown settled across his forehead, reflecting Steve’s furrowed brows back him. Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist, keeping Steve close.  Tony’s eyes were half-lidded, almost flirtatious, his lips twitched. “Let’s see you stop me now.”
“But he’s not fine. He gets sick a lot.” Maria pressed, her worried eyebrows were twisting, her face anxious. She had stepped up close to the doctor, surging into his space and the man looked startled, uncertain in the face of distress and rocked backward, leaning away from her. “He gets fevers, dizzy spells. I can barely get him to eat.”
The hairs on Steve’s arm stood on end, quivering warningly. Steve took a step back, or at least he tried. His knees crumpled beneath him and he fell hard onto the ground. This time he couldn’t stop himself landing on his face and he lay there, struggling to move, panting with exertion. He could hear soft, padding footsteps coming towards him, impossibly light considering that Tony was wearing the armour.
Peter thought maybe he was still crying because Papa had hit him. Amy said her mom had cried a lot, maybe that’s what would happen to his Daddy now. He’d just keep crying.
And yet. Some part of Steve –  some small, betrayed, angry part of him was still so mad at Tony. Furious enough that Steve still wanted to fight, to beat him all over again. Tony had betrayed what the Avengers stood for, he had betrayed Steve. Tony had talked a lot about struggling with SHRA, struggling to figure out what the right choice was but he had turned his back on Steve easily enough.
“Sorry,” Steve said quietly, not sure what he could say. He had taken advantage of Tony, manipulated him, betrayed his trust. Again. “Sorry.”
He was getting Tony out of here now and there was no way he going to be able to do that dressed as that monster.
He produced a big white mug of coffee, placing it delicately on the table before Tony. Tony nodded, looking at the cup. Steve often brought him coffee and usually, it left a warm, fond glow in Tony’s chest. Today, he felt repulsed.
“You need to stay still, you’re sick, baby.” His mother was running her hands over his face. Pressing down against his glowing cheeks. “The doctor is going to come and take a look at you.”
The world started to blur between his fingers; Steve’s heart shot up into his throat as if he had fallen suddenly. Realising what was about to happen, he sighed in relief and let himself go limp against the burning tarmac.
“I’ll leave you to think about my offer.” The Hydra Supreme told Tony, tugging his suit back into place. At the door he paused, his expression calm. “I do love you Tony and I will have you.”
Before Steve could protest, his mouth was pressing down into Tony’s. Steve tensed, a little gasp escaping him. Tony’s hands remained on his face, his body pressed hot and hard into his own. Steve reached out automatically to balance the other man, curling his hands around Tony’s narrow hips as the man rocked up onto the balls of his feet. Tony made a pleased noise between them and Steve shuddered, heat unfurling, igniting in his gut. Tony’s lips were soft, impossibly hot. Steve had never kissed a man with facial hair before and found himself distracted by the soft tickling of it against his skin.
“You’re a good man too.” Steve protested. The memory of child-Tony saying that he couldn’t be a superhero, that his father had told him he wasn’t good like Captain America was still painfully fresh. Tony had always struggled with self-doubt, a strange contradiction of over-confidence and a crippling lack of self-worth. Somehow Steve had never connected the dots, never thought about who had instilled a sense of worthlessness into Tony so strong that it had become something organic, a fixture of the man’s personality. T
It wasn’t until he was fully suited that Steve realised something was wrong. He patted himself down awkwardly, stepping towards the sleek mirror near the door. The suit fit him perfectly as if it had been tailored for his exact measurements. But it wasn’t his suit, it wasn’t Captain America’s outfit.
Maria was smiling gently, her anger at him evaporated as quickly as steam. She was his beloved mother again with her big eyes and the worried upturn in her eyebrows. She stroked his forehead, pushing and pulling the loose curls across his face as he sobbed. “I know you didn’t do it on purpose.”
“Not me. For you. Captain America means a lot to people, they want to help fix things.” Tony had turned to face him, moving so close that if he had been human Steve would have felt the heat off his skin.
Steve had stepped forward, surging into Tony’s space furiously. Tony tilted his head up slightly to meet Steve’s eyes; they were so close he could feel the short puff of air from Steve’s laboured breathing landing on his skin. Another inch any there wouldn’t be any space between them at all.
“I know buddy.” Bucky patted him on his back, “Unfortunately we don’t have much time. We have to get you out in public before Osborn finds us.”
Steve winced at the exchange, watching pitifully as the beggar put his head in hands, every line of his body was line with misery, hopelessness. With a sigh, the man rolled upright, unsteady on his feet as he turned in Steve’s alley. Steve tensed as the man staggered into view.
There were no Hydra agents in sight. It was a stupid move that didn’t make sense considering how not stupid Steve was. Steve had at least expected a couple of guards at Tony’s door. Feeling uneasy Steve made his way to Tony’s room  The knob lit up at his touch. Like every other lock in this place, it was coded to the Hydra Supreme’s DNA. Steve’s DNA. A.I. Tony had been right, no one else could have done this.
Tony was smiling, tongue darting out to lick his lips as he got to feet. “Honestly some people just don’t know when to stop.” He said, his voice light as if he was telling a joke. But it was one that Steve wasn’t privy to and he felt tension coiling up through his muscles  at the idea that someone had broken into Tony’s home.
Peter slammed his hands against his legs, frustration making his words hard to get out. “You were. Just like last time! I saw you hit him. You were going to hit Daddy again and make him cry and….” Words suddenly failed him and sobs took their place.
They were both naked, shameless as they darted about the room, retrieving clothing from the floor. Steve looked upwards, embarrassed for them. His decision was not missed by Tony and he heard the man laughing, the sound cruel.
Tony sucked a hot wet line down Steve’s throat, the sensation making Steve’s eyes nearly roll back into his head in surprise. Tony chuckled; his pupils were blown wide, dancing mischievously. “I thought you’d like that.”
“You really do suit that outfit. It emphasises all your curves.”  Tony’s voice echoed around the penthouse, his footsteps light as he made his way towards Steve. Steve stayed where he was, back to Tony, staring out into the darkness. “Steve?”
“I think I can understand that,” Steve said, his voice was soft, words carefully drawn out as if in confession.
“He’s called Iron Man. He made some bad choices when he was younger and then worked hard to fix them. He’s is very intelligent. Maybe the smartest man I know. He built himself flying armour and is able to fight just as well as Captain America.”
Tony’s eyes were blue again, sparking and electric in his face. “Oh Steve, haven’t you learnt yet that we all we do is hurt is each other? It’s basically a game at this point.”
Steve pulled away sharply. Somehow, he had ended up leaning over Tony, half-pressing the other man down into the sheets. Tony blinked up at him in surprise. He was breathing heavily, his chest rising and falling rapidly beneath his thin t-shirt. He was looking at Steve with hot, wanting eyes.
Jarvis gave an abrupt bow and strode off. Maria watched him go, her face was tilted towards the house, face pulled into a mask of concentration. Tony’s eyes traced the delicate lines of her profile, the button nose and the fullness of her mouth. Tony wondered if he looked like her, when she was angry she said he looked like Howard but sometimes she would run her fingers across his eyelids and along his nose and jokingly ask him if he had copied her face. Tony would much rather look like his mother than his father.
Steve stared, unable to understand what he was seeing. The pod was empty, the fading imprint of a body left in mused sheets. The Hydra Supreme must have made good on his promise and woken him up. Steve slammed his fist into the glass, frustration and fear making him strong enough to make the pod groan beneath his hands. Steve must have just missed him.
The Hydra Supreme rolled with the hit, landing an arm’s length away from Steve with a laugh. “You know, I expected that A.I. to send someone here. But I didn’t expect him to send another me. Where did he find you?”
Peter suddenly ripped the duvet off the bed, throwing it to the floor and kicking it violently, as fierce anger shook his whole body. Once it was off his bed he kicked the mattress and kept kicking it until he couldn’t anymore and then curled up, cold and miserable and fell asleep.
The first Tony he had met had been wrong. They weren’t destined to destroy each other. They could be happy together. Familiar pins and needles shot up his arms, the edges of the room blurring, dissolving slowly.
“Steve…” Tony’s voice was barely audible. Hydra Supreme leaned down to hear him. And then Tony struck. He threw his head forward, slamming his forehead into Steve’s nose. Bone crunched, the sound sharp and painful.
“I know you’re not real. But thanks, anyway.” Tony said, his voice getting fainter. “I’ll try for him.”
This was a pretty good suggestion, but Peter was more interested in what Amy had done wrong to merit a new piece of paper. In the whole year Peter had sat next to her, he didn’t remember a single time the teachers had told her off for anything.
Maria beamed at him over her sunglasses and Tony smiled back, warm from knowing he had made her happy. Her hand, cigarette still smouldering between her fingers, reached out and cupped his cheek. “I know you are, baby. You’re my perfect little angel.”
Tony’s bedroom was a huge sprawling mess. Half empty glasses and bottles were strewn carelessly around the room, littering sideboards and abandoned on the floor. Only one crimson curtain remained covering the windows. The other had been ripped off its railing and dragged like a blood stain across the floor, exposing a starburst of cracks and fractures in the uncovered window. Clothing lay scattered across the floor, dropped between wet footprints and obviously thrown off in a hurry.  Steve’s lip curled up in disgust as his foot met a pair of lacy red underwear.
Tony stared up at his mother. Her teeth were bright, pearl white and his eyes were prickling, a sudden unexpected threat of tears that he didn’t understand.
The sound of the doors slamming into the wall shattered the peaceful silence of the darkened room, disturbing the sleeping inhabitants. Steve came to a halt in the doorway, unsure what to make of the scene before him.
Steve went quiet, tracking the man’s familiar features. He had thought he must have dreamed what he had seen before. Imagined it. But the Tony before him was different, flawless.
There was a prodding, a pressure against and then in his bum, pulling apart the muscle uncomfortably. A whine built-in Tony’s throat and he quivered, tensing – too surprised to do anything else. Then almost as soon as it started it stopped. Fuzzy, limp with confusion and relief, Tony didn’t notice when something small and hard slid back between his buttocks. The first penetration stole his breath, more in surprise than pain. The tube inserted in him pressed forward, and Tony could feel it worming its way forward, a snake slithering through his guts. He panted as the pressure and pain built up, his muscles locking up.
Tony hummed slowly, thoughtfully. He smiled, the sharp edges of his incisors gleaming in the soft light. “Oh, I have a few ideas about how to fix that.”
“Steve, you found me,” Tony said hoarsely. His gaze flickered past Steve to the grimy, dim alley. “But what are you doing here.”
Tony nodded. They had laid him on his side and told him to bring his knees up towards his chest as if he was going to hug them. By his head was a cannister, attached to a tub with a nozzle. The nurse has explained that when it hurt, he was to suck on the nozzle. Tony had nodded through this explanation, his anxiety growing as he wondered what exactly was going to hurt.
Tony gave Barton the finger and shuffled his way into the kitchen, automatically making a beeline to the coffee machine. It was a huge, polished red machine. A gift to himself years ago. Tony put his hand on the machine, staring at it blankly.
“Tell me about it.” Bucky mumbled, rolling his eyes, “The guy fights us all to set up the SHRA and then destroys all copies of it.”
“Trying a different tactic? You think I’d be fooled by a Captain America suit?” Tony snarled; another glass raised warningly. He was stood on the far side of the room. His legs were shaking, dangerously unsteady but at least he was upright. He was improving fast.
Steve cried out, completely losing his balance. Before he could stumble upright, the kidnappers had surrounded and were kicking, steel capped boots catching him in the gut and back and head. Steve locked his arms over his head, pain flooding his system. Their hits were nothing compared to the pain ripping through his torso.
Steve's fingers were brushing the edges of the picture up and down, unable to look away. They were so young; things had been so easy between them. So good. A tanned hand reached out, gently resting on his moving fingers, drawing his attention. Tony was stood next to him. He was close enough that Steve could feel the heat coming off his skin, see the movement in the dip between his collarbones as he breathed.
The way Steve said his name had both Tony and Clint winced. Steve came to a stop before him, pulling off his cowl with one quick sharp movement.
Steve’s jaw flexed, he could feel his hands shaking, anger thrumming him. “This isn’t you. It’s a spell. You’re a good person. You care about people.” He stretched out a hand, “You know something is wrong. Let me help you. We can fix this together. Like old times.”
Steve panted, sweat stinging his eyes as it dripped down his skin. He stared up at his own face, twisted with anger and cruelty. Steve smiled. “He’s behind you.”
“Hey, are you OK? You don’t look so good.” Steve was in his space, his voice breaking through the glass bubble of panic that had engulfed Tony. Tony took one gulping, shaking breathe and turned, just in time to see Steve reaching for him. The back of his hand floated up, reaching to press against Tony’s forehead.
“Well, you are sat by yourself in the kitchen at 3 am… but mostly it was a wild stab in the dark,” Steve said, there was a gentle mischievous glint in his eyes just waiting to come out.
Tony looked at him; his eyes were electric blue in a perfect, unblemished face. Steve had always thought Tony was handsome, unfairly so but this version of him was so perfect, almost inhuman.
Tony’s eyes burnt into his; desire was electric blue threads lingering at the edges of his pupils. “You can’t.”
Tony curled his free hand into a fist guilty. Howard and discussions of Tony’s intelligence had infiltrated Tony’s life seemingly overnight and Tony wasn’t sure he liked it.
Like a hare released from a trap, the boy ran. Scrabbling through the cornfield. In seconds he had disappeared into the cornfield. Gone as if he had never been there. Steve sighed with relief and stood up just as the car skidded to a halt before him.
Unusually the light in their bedroom was on, illuminating the room from the hallway as Peter twisted the door open slightly. Angry, shouting voices assaulted him and he froze, the door cracked an inch and his face pressed against it so he could see inside.
At least the kidnappers hadn’t been able to get hold of child-Tony. The thought of the kid made him smile. With Steve’s recent experiences with SHRA, with red-eyed Tony, it had been easy to forget the aspects of Tony that made Steve like him in the first place, the bits of him that had made him a hero. Child Tony had been a rough diamond, his goodness and intelligence and wit shining through in precious breath-taking glimpses. He wondered if Tony remembered the stranger that had helped him all those years ago. Did time travel even work like that?
Tony had learnt to predicate when Doctor Everrette was coming based on what his mother was wearing. On her bad days, as Jarvis called them, she stayed in bed, wailing like a ghost from her bedroom and emerging with greasy hair and dark circles pressed like bruises under her eyes. Other days she was immaculate. A glossy magazine image brought to life in her chic fitted trousers and her pointed white pumps. Those were the days the doctor came - when she was looking especially beautiful.
“Here, Tony,” Maria told him after a moment. Her eyes were hidden from view behind her sunglasses and Tony couldn’t read her expression as she pushed her cup across the table to him. Sitting on the saucer was another two white pills.
“I gave myself some upgrades.” Tony held out his hand and the silvery metal that had been floating in the air flew around him, silver ribbons that coiled and handed until they formed a gauntlet. His glowing blue eyes shifted to red; a warning light.
Tony blinked; somehow missing Steve shuffling up next to him until he was pressed close. A muscular arm stretched out behind Tony, resting across the back of the sofa and fingers trailing down to rest on his shoulders. Lightning quick, Tony’s mind took him back to his desire to drink once again; drinking and sex. Just making out would do. The thought made him tense beneath Steve’s hand and the man glanced down at him.
“Right, yes,” Steve said awkwardly. He gingerly got back into the bed, trying not to flinch as Tony settled back against him.
Tony took one long gulp, smacking his lips in satisfaction. He shook the glass in Steve’s direction “You have no idea how much I have been craving this.”
“It’s not fair that you look like that after falling asleep on a sofa,” Tony muttered, his brain to mouth filter non-existent. Steve huffed in amusement. “Especially as I know I feel like I’ve gone a few rounds with a bear.”
The doctor focused his attention on Tony once more, twinkling eyes kind and jovial, “How are you feeling now, Champ? Still dizzy?”
Tony snorted, running his hands through his hair. “Sorry, a message from the other me. I better go and see it.” He stood up, stopped by Steve’ hand curling around his wrist.
Tony’s blue face rippled like water. Settling into something emotionless, distant. “No Steve, we won’t see each other again.’”
Steve’s face felt like a mask, hiding who he was. Any moment, Tony would look at him and see it, know that he wasn’t right. He smiled, the expression stretching tight and painful at the corner of his lips. “Just tired, it’s been a really long day.”
Tony made a small noise, eyes shifting with embarrassment. “Well, since the first time we met seems a little unlikely. I mean you were no pretty picture then you know, paranoid and angry. I think you were even slightly blue - ” He trailed off, licking his lips and turned to meet Steve’s gaze steadily. “Yeah, I’ve always loved you.”
Tony swallowed hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing, drawing Steve’s attention to the long vulnerable lines of his neck. “I didn’t know that.”
Suddenly Papa shot upright with a gasp, his face was red and sweaty like he’d been working out and his eyes were so wide Peter could see the rolling whites of his sclera from the doorway.
The boy hesitated, obviously weighing up whether he should tell Steve anything. Finally, a small voice mumbled, “Tony.”
Not wanting to intrude, Tony made himself busy. He pulled open the curtains and cracked open the window, breathing deeply as the first gust of sweet summer air broke into the study. He wasn’t sure if it was the dust or just the room itself that made him feel like he couldn’t breathe.
Tony huffed, crossing his arms. The metal robot arm tangled in with his own, resting against his chest. “I was a little busy at the time.”
A blow caught him hard on the back of the knee, sending him down into a crouch with a cry. Steve raised his shield just in time to block the baton.
Peter whipped around to see his Papa slinking back into the kitchen. His mouth was sad, his shoulders were slumped and his eyes were red as if he’d been crying. Peter stared at him for a moment, unsure how to feel. He felt better now, but he’d been full of anger and fear all week and even though he knew now he didn’t need to be it was hard to forget it.
The A.I. had pinpointed the corridor when he suspected Tony was being held - a long, deserted basement corridor with no windows or through- traffic. Steve found himself hurrying, opening and closing doors quickly, half expecting someone to find him, for an alarm to go off. He pushed open the next door in the corridor quickly.
For a minute, Steve didn’t understand what he was seeing. Tony was blue. Pale, electric blue. Steve stepped back, moving into a defensive position automatically. Tony started to shimmer, flickering like a light bulb and then the suit was empty and Tony was standing next to Steve, boxy pixels shimmering, smoothing into something fluid and human. Tony stretched out his arms awkwardly; He was translucent. Steve could see the workshop through him.
Peter clung tighter onto his Daddy. Soon his Daddy would leave his Papa. That’s what happened to Amy’s mommy and Daddy. He didn’t want to leave his Papa but he didn’t want to see his Daddy being hurt again. His thumb crept up to his mouth and he sucked at it worriedly, he didn’t know what to do, or how to make it better.
“Tony, Tony,” He said, reaching out and righting the man so he was slumped against the slimy alley wall behind him. He had to keep his hands on Tony’s biceps, the man lilting dangerously to the side without his support. Tony’s breath, Steve realised, stank of stale alcohol. Steve’s heart sank.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s chest, pressing down firmly. “Steve, you need to wait here. I can take care of it.”
Tony’s first memory was of lying, curled up in his mother’s arms as she sat in his nursery’s rocking chair.
Tony stretched upwards suddenly. He kissed Steve hard; his lips too forceful, too chapped to be pleasant. And yet it was the best kiss Steve had ever experienced. Unlike last time, he didn’t hesitate, he wrapped Tony up in his arms, dragging him closer. Tony’s tongue slipped into his mouth, needy and frantic. He had thrown his arms around Steve’s shoulders, hands tugging at Steve’s hair, urging him closer.
A week after the appointment, Tony was laid down face first, naked apart from his underwear. He shivered, bones rippling beneath thin skin as the doctor fussed around him, a cold pen marking little sections on his skin.
“There has been no comment from Stark Industries or Tony Stark regarding the pricing of extremis 2.0. or the violence his app has inspired.”  The voice-over continued.
Steve walked out into atrium as the Hydra Supreme, his mouth curled into a sneer, his steps impatient.  Hydra agents snapped to attention; a dozen eyes trained on him waiting for his command.
His stomach made a sudden, unexpected gurgling noise, loud enough to be heard. He could feel himself blushing, embarrassed that he was already like his grandfather and father, his body betraying him.  “Sorry,” Tony mumbled, curling his arm over his torso.
“Amy’s mommy left her daddy because he hurt her. Papa hurt you, even if he didn’t mean to, are you going to have to leave him?”
An alarm sounded suddenly, a blaring horn than made Steve hiss as it reverberated painfully against his eardrums.
The avengers moved together nearly seamlessly, using the sixth sense they had developed of each other’s fighting styles to maximum effect. The doombots never stood a chance.
Steve tried to speak, to take a step forward but his foot slipped, sinking into, through the floor. Around him the room was fading, darkness encroaching. Steve fell, spinning downwards as if tumbling into dark waves. He reached out, tried to grasp reality and watched as it dissolved between his fingers.
“I know you’re awake,” It was Steve’s own voice; echoing as he stepped into the light, shadows melting away to reveal Hydra Supreme. The Hydra Supreme was wearing black, stiff Kevlar stretched taut over his broad shoulders. His eyes were almost dancing with excitement as he approached Tony’s bed, vicious cruelty lingering at the edges of a barely controlled smile. But the Hydra Symbol on his chest was missing. The A.I. had been right, he was planning on lying to Tony.
“Yeah, I saved your life. Without me, you would have bled out in the park with your hands tied behind your back. You’re welcome by the way.”
“Not his best work at all,” Tony muttered to himself, dodging to the side as a robot tried to slam its bladed arm into him. The blade struck the pavement, the force of the blow crumpling the concrete. Tony allowed his momentum to bring him back towards the robot, slamming a fist into its head and following up with a repulsor blast that knocked the skull-like mask right to the floor. Sparking circuitry was exposed, sparking angrily as the robot crumbling at the knees and fell to the ground.
Tony stopped, staring blankly into the distance before withdrawing a photograph out of his pocket. It was yellowing with age, drooping across his polished gauntleted fingers. From across the park, Steve couldn’t see what the photograph was of, but he found himself captivated by the range of emotions that flashed across Tony’s face. Sadness and anger and something akin to hunger. Tony’s eyebrows were turned up, a flash of hurt.
“Would also explain why Osborn is pouring so much money and resource into finding one man,” Sam added. “But where would Stark hide the Register?”
Tony was quiet, his blue eyes searing into Steve’s face. Steve closed his eyes, unable to look at him. “Afterwards, I told myself that our friendship was over, that we could never recover from what had happened. But I don’t want to believe that anymore. I want to try again.”
The last time Steve had seen Tony, the man had looked awful. Steve had never seen the Tony look so old, so broken before. His face had been all bones, eyes sunken and surrounded by dark purple circles.  His skin had been papery, lines pressed deep around his eyes, his mouth; his forehead locked in knots of tension. Tony had been a man on the edge, moments away from breaking.
“But he fainted.” Tony’s mother interrupted, her hands clutched together nervously. “You can’t tell me that’s normal.”
The poison under his skin came alive, churning violently, trying to escape. He could feel his flesh crawling, peeling apart at the seams. Soon it would be obvious, everyone would see the sickness inside him.  A wave of panic swallowed him, and Tony was lost, taken away even as his body stood immobile. He could feel tremors running up and down his arms and sweat breaking out across his forehead.
Tony sniffed, his chest felt tight, his breathing uneven. The bright clinical starkness of the room had stolen Tony’s voice; he felt small, invisible in the busy room. His bare toes curled up; his gown came to his shins but was paper-thin and Tony’s feet and hands felt stiff with cold. The nurse had put a thin cotton blanket over his stomach and legs and Tony clutched at its edges, wanting to wriggle down the bed until he was completely hidden. As if sensing his thoughts, the nurse caught his eye and raised an eyebrow warningly.
“Children can faint quite easily. A day in bed, keep an eye on his temperature and make sure he drinks plenty of fluids. He should be fine.”
Steve’s jaw twitched. He knew vaguely of Tony’s sometimes fraught relationship with his father. The effects of Howard’s parenting had been felt long after the man died but at least an adult Tony was able to approach his childhood with distance. Hearing this child believe that he was lesser because of the words of his father was hard, it made Steve want to find Howard and have some strong words with the man.
“This is very confusing for me right now,” Tony told Steve after a moment. “You’re you but not you and the other you is Hydra.”
This Tony was different. He was perfect. The wrinkle and the stress lines had all been wiped away leaving his skin as smooth and untouchable as marble. Even the little laughter lines near his eyes were gone. The man before Steve was an artist’s representation of Tony, all his imperfections forgotten, his handsomeness amplified; his scars, his history lost.
Tony hesitated. He could feel his mother watching him, her eyes focused on him from behind the big dark lenses of her sunglasses. He shrugged, wriggling in his seat.
“I’m not Hydra!” Steve moved closer, batting away a third missile. The bedroom floor was littered with a fine layer of crushed glass, shards sparkling dangerously and Tony had bare feet. With a growl of frustration, Steve surged forward, easily capturing Tony by the shoulders and swinging him off his feet and onto the bed.
Tony winced, “Apparently? I can’t say I remember any of it. The only copy of the SHRA was in my brain, I had to stop Norman Osborn from getting his hands on it. It’s a long story.”
They sat lazing on the couch, Steve soaking in the information Tony shared. How SHRA was over, how the Avengers had reformed. Tony explained he was in San Francisco to launch a new product.
“You always did underestimate him,” Steve told himself and turned away, Tony pressed tightly into his side.
Steve made a humming noise, not trusting himself to ask questions yet. His anger was still bubbling hot beneath his skin. He stood upright slowly. The pain in his side was a hot throbbing knot but it was manageable. Tony had taken his silence as an indication to continue talking and had moved closer, using his stick to gesture as he told his story. Despite the boy’s fear and exhaustion, he was a born performer; sharp and articulate as he talked, his expressive face emoting wildly.
“Done.” The doctor said abruptly and the worming tube started to move backward. It was a different sensation, a sharper tugging feeling that was offset with relief as it exited his bowels. The final few inches of the tube were removed roughly, harsh enough to make Tony choke at the brief stinging pain. The sudden emptiness left Tony feeling like a deflated balloon and he let himself go boneless, limp against the bed.
“You should just be able to walk into the Triskelion. Find Tony. There will be an extraction 2 blocks away, it will take you to Stark Resilient. He’ll be safe there.”
“Stay with me, for a little while,” Tony said softly. Despite his quiet voice, it came out as more of a statement, as if there was never any question that Steve wouldn’t want to remain with him. “Let me help you. Maybe you can help me?”
They sat together contently, watching as Jarvis slowly made his way towards them. Jarvis was Tony’s favourite person. After his mother. He had a funny accent that made him sound clipped and proper but he always winked at Tony when he saw him and he didn’t mind when Tony followed him around while he did his work.
“No…” Tony dragged the word out. His eyes when they met Steve’s were piercing, stripping away the walls Steve had built up around himself.  “but from what I’ve seen, being Hydra hasn’t changed Steve’s feelings for Tony.”
Steve dropped Tony abruptly, watching as the man crumpled like paper to the floor. Tony bit back a cry, his face turned towards the floor, away from the monster watching him.
After what felt an age it was time. Steve hesitated at the door; his ear pressed against the metal for one final check. Satisfied the corridor was empty he stepped out, one hand resting on his shield, ready to fight.
He charged. The electric baton hit Steve’s shield, sending electricity surging across the metal. The Vibranium vibrated painful, sending shockwaves up Steve’s arms. He groaned at the pain, forcing his arms up, the shield knocking the baton away. The Hydra Supreme took a step back. Steve saw his opening, swinging his shield up fast and catching the other man across the face.
“Tony, stop.” Steve’s voice was rising, edged with anger. “What is going on? Friday says it’s March 2015 and we’re in San Francisco and I’m not healing. Am a criminal? Are you my jailer? What happened to my trial? To the SHRA? How long have I been asleep? You look different and you’re sleeping around again? You’re sleeping with men?”
Tony snorted, his lips twitching in amusement. For a moment they were both transported, the alleyway dropping away at the easy, friendly banter. A reminder of the old times, the good times, of working side-by-side as friends. Of being better because they had each other.
He groaned, screwing his eyes shut and turning his face into soft bulk next to him. The pain in head softened around the edges, allowing Tony’s brain to separate the sensory overload into the familiar blare of the avenger’s alarm.
In the distance, someone was calling his name, a whisper, barely audible. Steve couldn’t focus, the world was wavering in and out of darkness. Above him, Sharon had started to cry, her fingers biting into his shoulder.
“He won’t,” Tony answered; his hands came up to hold Steve’s wrists. He didn’t try to move Steve, just rested his hands on him, fingers on his pulse points. “I won’t let him.”
Pain flared up through Steve’s torso, hot fingers ripping through his inside. Steve bit his lip hard enough to bleed, not wanting to scare Tony. His mind raced. With his injury, it was unlikely he would be able to protect Tony and stop a group of men with guns.
Across the room, Steve made a little noise of surprise. The sound was a gunshot in the silent room and Tony jumped, turning to look at him quickly.
Tony's experience of the sigmoidoscopy is based on my own. However, I was much older. In reality it would be approached differently for a child as small as Tony.
“Tony, I mean it.” Steve reached out, holding Tony hand to draw his attention. “I could help. I could stay and help you.”
Tony found himself eating alone, away from his family and Jarvis, picking at beige bowels of oatmeal and chicken that had gone cold waiting for his mother’s approval. There never seemed to be enough to fill him. Tony would take tiny bites in an effort to make it last longer. But it was always gone too quick and he would suck at his cutlery long after the meal was over, trying to make the taste last longer.
“No, really. Come on, there is something I want to show you.” He stalked out of the room, not looking to see if Steve was following. Steve sighed but chased after him, walking distractedly as they emerged into a huge open plan living room. Like the rest of Tony’s new home, it was sleek, richly decorated but impersonal. Steve doubted Tony had lived here very long.
“It really would be best not to disturb him.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. continued, her voice lost as Steve closed the bedroom.
“I think you – oh hey!” Tony said excitedly, sitting up straight. “I see another road. It’s busy” He pointed to the left, through the cornfield. “We’re nearly there!”
“No. I do, god I really do.” Steve said, and the hunger in his voice seemed to reassure Tony, made his shoulders relax a fraction.
“Come here,” Steve told the boy, holding out his arms. Tony froze, looking at him wide-eyed and confused. “Your feet are hurt; I can carry you.”
He groaned in disgust as the stinking back alley sharpened into focus around him, flicking away the rotting banana peel that had landed brown and slimy across his stomach. His head was pounding, the pain made worse by the noise of the city pressing in around him – sirens and music and a senseless chatter of voices. And the smell… Steve pressed his palms to his head wearily. He could feel he nanobots in his side moving sluggish, trying to hold him together. The kidnappers had landed a few solid hits to his body and his body was throbbing, aching with fresh bruises. He really hoped that the red-eyed Tony hadn’t been lying about the bots helping him.
“Yeah, Yeah.” Tony nodded, unquestioning in his loyalty. He followed Steve to the door, picking his way on unsteady feet through the glass.
They made their way through the corridor. Luckily both of them knew the Triskelion and they moved quickly. Closer to the exit they ran into a few agents but the sight of Steve, even in his Captain America uniform made them hesitate just long enough for Steve to throw his shield and immobilise them. It was easy, too easy. Steve found himself getting tenser and tenser the more time passed, everything in him was screaming that something was wrong. That this was a trap. But nothing happened.
“I lost everything. My company, my home. I have nothing left and it’s all my fault. I deserve this.” Tony stopped talking abruptly, his voice lost as he started to retch.
On the bed, Tony opened his eyes. They were bright and clear, sharp as ever despite his pale, withered face.
“I know you don’t want to talk about it, but I can tell you’re going through something.” Steve continued.
Steve sighed and frowned at the boy. The child was watching him intently from under his dark curls, his eyes wary. He was, Steve realised guilty, afraid of him. Steve made himself relax, forcing a smile onto his face. Despite his reputation as a family-friendly superhero, Steve had never been great with children. Tony had always been the charmer, a chameleon adapting to his audience. Children loved him, taken in by his childishness, his energy. In comparison, Steve had a habit of making children uncomfortable. They seemed to see the artifice in Steve, to sense that he felt stiff, awkward despite his trained camera smile. Relax, Steve told himself, his internal voice sounding distinctly like Tony.
Tony swallowed, his breathing stuttering with feeling. He clenched his jaw shut, staring up at the Hydra Supreme silently. His eyes were huge, reflective with unshed tears.
Tony’s words were off-hand, darkly humoured. But Steve knew Tony, knew him better than he knew anyone really and he was familiar with the ways in which Tony used humour and sarcasm to verbalise his feelings. When they had first met, Steve had been continually thrown off guard by this habit of Tony’s, finding it inappropriate, flippant. It was only later he understood that Tony used his feelings like a weapon, hammering people with the inappropriateness of them because he didn’t know how to discuss them otherwise. Steve wasn’t the only one with communication issues.
Tony’s bedroom was easy to find. It was marked by red, double doors. A shock of colour in the otherwise pristine building. For a moment Steve paused, the hairs on the back of his neck twitching warily. He supposed it was natural, considering their recent history. He steeled himself, preparing for an attack and threw open the door.
Steve remained silent; he ran his fingers across his forehead, trying to work out the knot of pain that had started behind his eyes. From between his fingers, he could see his friends exchanging discreet, concerned looks. Steve ignored them; there was something he was forgetting, a thought just out of reach. What they saying felt slightly wrong but he couldn’t remember why.
“Steve, Steve, wake up.” Daddy’s voice was soft and Peter felt a rush of relief as he spotted him, a step away from the bed and calling Papa’s name. Daddy would make everything better. The arc reactor would make Papa’s bad dreams disappear like they did for Peter.
“And I nearly killed you.” Steve said, “And yet, here I am. I was just too stupid, too pig-headed to put the pieces together I guess.”
“Please Jonathan.” She rested a small hand on the doctor’s arm, fingers on the slither of skin peaking past his sleeve cuff. “I really think this could work. A mother just knows sometimes.”
Steve frowned, mind whirling. His wound pulsed, nanobots knitting him together, healing. Or so he thought. He reached down the monster under his skin spiking. Steve inhaled sharply, glaring up at Tony.  “What are you doing to me? You said you were helping me.”
“Please call me Maria.” Tony’s mother said softly, reaching one white-gloved hand to rest gently on the doctor’s crooked arm.
Tony could feel his own eyes burning again with the threat of tears, his lower lip wobbling. Her panic was infectious, was he sick? “I’m sorry, mama. I didn’t know…”
Tony’s eyes cleared and he looked away, his expression dropping wearily, guilty. “Why are you here, Steve.” He asked softly, not meeting Steve’s expression. He looked so fragile, curled into himself in his oversized clothing, shivering weakly against the cold.
“Oh, I’ve got something else for you,” Tony said before Steve could reply. He gestured to the corner of the room. “Go look!”
Tony turned back to the coffee maker. He pressed his finger to the button, watching as it whirred into life. A vision of his mother, coffee cup in one hand, cigarette in another rose like a spectre before him, uncalled and Tony faltered.
They were always too old, too young, too uninformed. They dismissed Maria because she was a woman, because she was Italian, a Catholic. None of them would take Tony’s sickness seriously. Tony found himself watching the same conversation between his mother and the doctors again and again. They would shake their heads and hold out their hands and admit they didn’t know what was wrong with Tony, that all the blood tests had come back clean, that they could nothing wrong with him.
The AI was quiet, blue face flickering uncomfortably. Steve could barely look at him, everything about him was so human, so painfully like Tony. “That’s why I brought you here.”
Tony ignored Steve, shoving his hands into his pockets, his shoulders hunching up around his ears. He was shivering from the cold, walking unsteadily onwards. Steve followed him, not knowing what else to do.
Tony mouth’s quivered; his eyes were wet, a swirling mixture of fear and understanding and grief. “No.,” he said finally, the word punched painfully from him.
Steve laughed, “Well this is going to make things much, much harder.” He reached down, picking Tony up by his collar like he was a disobedient dog. He carried the man back to the bed, dumping him roughly onto the mattress. “For you, anyway.”
He stumbled away from Steve, balancing himself with shaking hands against the slime-covered stone wall and started to vomit. His back arched painfully like a cat with a hairball, the sharp bumps of his spine straining through his thin shirt. Steve winced; the only thing Tony had in his stomach was alcohol and liquid splattered to the floor, splashing his shoes.
Suddenly it was all too much. He had been spiralling for a long time, longer than whatever strange experience this white room was. The SHRA, the destruction of the Avengers, the loss of the home he had carved out in the future. When Steve closed his eyes the memory of Tony lying beneath him, a breath away from death, was imprinted onto the insides of his eyelids. And then today, he had started the morning being dragged in chains like a common criminal, been jeered at, threatened, shot. He had fallen, or least that was what it felt like. Steve didn’t know how to process the weirder aspects of today: of jumping from the courthouse to a park, of the strange suit, of being told he was a Commander and it was seven years in the future. It was all just too much.
Pain shot through, unbearable, unstoppable pain. Steve screamed, body spasming. It felt like he was being ripped in half. Tony had disappeared, dissolving into nothingness. Steve panicked, tried to call out, to beg the universe to stop. But the words were stolen from his tongue. There was no air, no sound. He choked, body contorting with pain. There was another violent tear through his torso; so deep it felt like he was being cleaved in half.
“Dammit,” Steve said softly, his hands were tied behind his back. The cuffs, another gift from Tony, wouldn’t break even with his super strength.
Maria could have been a model. Would have been, if she’d had been taller. But there hadn’t been enough food in her house growing up and what little there was went first to her father and then to her brothers.
The other avengers came around and made the appropriate noises of awe, ruffling his hair and high fiving him. Later Papa had hinted that maybe he should draw them as well since they were also part of his family. He probably hadn’t meant for Peter to start it in the middle of the night, but Daddy worked a lot in the night and he worked better then, so that was probably true for Peter as well.
Steve didn’t say anything, settling down next to Tony in a lumpy office chair that groaned worrying under his weight. He resisted the urge to reach out for the A.I., to soothe away the obvious frustration lingering behind his words.
Tony’s heart was beating against his rib cage, blood pounding in his ears. Steve was so sincere, eyebrows knotted with worry, and Tony hated his face suddenly, hated that Steve seemed to think he could just look at Tony and know exactly what was going on and judge him after one day.
Unable to think of an excuse, Steve let Tony bully him out of his suit and into soft loungewear. He smiled tightly as Tony watched him, his bare feet feeling vulnerable against the carpet. He hadn’t liked the commander’s uniform but at least it had been strong, protective. He had a sudden horrible image of dropping into a war zone in his pyjamas.
Tony nodded and unlocked the door. The air that met them was stale, heavy with dust. Particles danced in the thin, shafts of sunlight that stole into the room from between the heavy curtains. Tony found himself holding his breath. A part of him was still expecting Howard to turn around in his chair and shout at Tony for disturbing him.
The kid was wiggling, squirming on his shoulders. He slipped and Steve grabbed him quickly before he fell, holding boy protectively against his chest. Steve turned towards the direction of the sound. Storming towards them was a sleek black car, engine screaming like a siren. From the passenger window, a man appeared, stretching until his torso and right arm were visible. He leaned out towards them, a rifle balanced in his hand.
Steve looked up; his mouth still curled in disgust. The AI had taken a step back, his expression pained, wary. Steve went still, taken aback by how much this obviously hurt Tony. The more time he spent with the A.I. the more it became apparent that he wasn’t just a machine, just code twisted into a replica of Tony Stark. He thought, felt as Tony did. The A.I. had mentioned that Steve and Tony were together and Steve had never stopped to consider what that meant for the A.I., not until he saw Tony’s stricken, heartbroken expression played out in blue pixels.
Tony was silent for a long moment and when he finally said something, there was something fragile, uncertain in his voice. “Is it me?”
Steve winced at boy swearing but carried on calmly, “Iron Man is a real superhero. I’ve met him.” Steve suddenly had a memory of waking up for the first time in the future, of Tony stood next to him, his face lighting up in absolute joy as Steve blinked awake. In that moment, Steve had thought Tony was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He adjusted the boy on his shoulders, shaking the memory away. “He saved my life. He’s saved a lot of lives.”
“He’s in a coma.” The AI said, “Tony was injured and placed himself in a stasis pod to recover. He created me, a failsafe, in case he was incapacitated.”
Tony looked over at the noise, doing a double take, his eyes widening as they landed on the bullet wound, the spiderwebbing dark lines spreading across Steve’s torso.
As Steve ate and dozed on a lumpy cot in the corner of the room, Tony was a blur of activity near his mismatched comms station, sifting through data, running through orders. He was untiring, still in the same position when Steve woke up as he had been when he went to sleep.
“That’s not the point.” Snapped Tony, he took a step back, away from Steve and into the bedroom, running his hands through his hair. “You know, I thought it was a little weird that you were back early, not that you told me where you were going. And then you were acting strange and you didn’t tell me you were wounded –“
“It’s ok if your daddies do, because they live together” Amy said informatively, peering at his paper, “But my parents don’t live together anymore. They got a Divorce. So they can’t hold hands anymore.”
“But what if he hurts you again. Even if it is by accident.” Peter insisted and the thought of his Daddy on the floor, looking small and hurting made the tears come again. He looked up into dark eyes and that hateful bruise and his vision blurred.
Steve let the voices faded away into mindless chatter in the background, his attention instead fixated on the small bright banner at the corner of the screen: 16/04/2015. He shook his head, “You could be altering the feed.”
He had Tony had spent every waking moment together, lived together for years. Steve had said they were best friends, brothers, platonic soulmates. He had been wilfully blind, ignoring the most obvious signs. Tony with his never-ending gifts and his willingness to ditch everything and everyone for Steve. And Steve had hated every one of Tony’s girlfriends. And then there was the irritation he had felt when he had seen Tony sleeping with a man. Except his anger hadn’t just been annoyance it had been jealousy.
There was a beep as the call disconnected. For a long g moment Steve and Tony stood unmoving, the room between them a chasm of space. Then Tony started to smile; it was a surprised, wonderous expression, lighting up his features. His eyes crinkled in happiness, teeth flashing. He walked towards Steve, and, with an easy familiarity, curled his hands around Steve’s face. Tony’s fingers were hot as they cupped Steve’s cheeks, gentle as they pulled him closer.
Steve hesitated. He had blamed Tony for breaking apart the Avengers but had been just as guilty. Maybe more, people had followed him because he was Captain America rather than because they believed in his cause. He had hurt innocent people in that fight, brushed off the damage and the fear he caused as a means to an end. He had hurt Tony, nearly killed him. He remembered what the red-eyed Tony had said, that some part of him had liked it, had liked shutting Tony up.
The others looked at him and then glanced at each other, eyebrows raised. A muscle in Bucky’s jaw was moving as he ground his teeth together.
Steve was thumbing gently through a pile of photographs, smiling a strange fond, hurt smile. He hovered over one photo, thumb tracing the image and when he placed it down, Tony saw a familiar flash of Peggy’s serious, sharp-edged smile.
“Come on, we’ve got to go,” Steve told him. Tony nodded and they wrapped their arms around each other. It was unclear who was supporting who as they started to move.
In the camera feed, there was movement, a shadowy figure approaching Tony’s pod. There was something familiar in the man’s gait. Steve recognised the man’s soft, deliberate footsteps as he approached Tony’s sleeping body. Steve leaned forward, trying to make out who it was.
“ – now what do you get when you combine an abandoned kitten, a children’s choir and a retired race car driver? Brian, our features reporter, is here to tell us more.”
Levering himself gingerly upright, Steve spotted the clothing neatly folded by the foot of the bed. It was easy to find, the only thing in the room that wasn’t white. Steve struggled out of bed, tugging on his body armour quickly. Tony hadn’t provided him with underwear he realised irritably and held his breath as he zipped his trousers over his bare skin. The lack of underwear might have been an oversight but Steve couldn’t help but feel it was purposefully.
Steve reached out towards Tony’s face. Despite his translucency, there was something so human about him, Steve could see the minute movement of muscles beneath his skin, see the lines under his eyes. He couldn’t, refused to believe that the man before him wasn’t real. His hand came up to Tony’s face, ready to cup the man’s cheek. Steve’s fingers fell through Tony’s face, scattering a waterfall of blue pixels. Tony turned his face away from Steve’s gaze, something flexing in his pale blue jaw. Steve felt something in his chest break and took a step backwards.
“Asked him? Hmm, you know I haven’t tried that, I’ve just been staring at him and hoping my powers of telepathy will kick in soon.”
Tony’s jaw twitched. “I only slowed him down. I had a killing shot. I just couldn’t take do it. He’ll be back.”
“Come on, Pep. What’s the worst that could happen?” The door swung open suddenly, Tony’s voice tumbling loud and familiar into the room. Steve shot to his feet, grimacing at the stab of pain in his side. Tony was distracted, his back turned to the room as he chattered to Pepper. Steve couldn’t see a phone anywhere but he wasn’t surprised, even in his time Tony was started to grow beyond handheld electronics.
Steve picked up the shield easily, twisting it, rolling as he remembered the weight of it. He turned to grin back at Tony.
Steve’s gaze sharpened, finally taking in the boy’s full appearance. Tony was wearing an ill-fitting t-shirt and shorts; his bare feet were red and sore looking, raw from walking without shoes across the rough, hot ground. His face was pale, exhausted and hungry looking and there was a bruise starting to form in thin strips of purple across his jaw. As if someone had grabbed his face and shaken him, hard. His wrists and ankles were similarly marked, red and welted. Steve knew marks like that, they were the result of being tied up tight for too long. Anger unfurled inside Steve’s chest. The tiny, child version of Tony had been tied up. His shoes taken off him so he couldn’t run easily. Violence used to scare him into submissive compliance. Steve couldn’t stand bullies and abusers. Especially not child abusers.
“Cute.” Tony said with a smile and a roll of his eyes, “If you want to help, you can find me a drink. It’s been a long day.”
The Hydra Supreme laugh, twirling his baton like a toy between his hands. “You’re going to lose. Just give up. Tell me where he is.”
Tony smiled, his gaze was soft and fond. “Funny, how my conscience decides to show itself as you. You always were the best of us Winghead.”
Tony was pressing in closer, his lips opened slightly, flushed with blood. His eyes were half-lidded; his perfect skin glowing. He was golden, impossibly beautiful. His entire attention focused, like a sunbeam on Steve. Steve inhaled quietly, something stirring dark and unacknowledged in his gut. He swallowed thickly, nodding. “OK.”
“Will it hurt?” Maria asked Doctor Everette over Tony’s head. Her hand was resting on the back of his head, but instead of the usual soothing up and down stroking, her fingers were pressing down too hard, pinching his scalp.  Tony struggled not to squirm away, feeling agitated, claustrophobic, trapped between his mother’s hands and the doctor’s table.
Tony was stood behind him, wide-eyed and clutching takeout in white-knuckled fingers. He dropped the food onto the bed and stepped forward, his hands urgent, seeking as he reached out towards Steve’s injury. Steve grabbed his wrists gently before he could make contact. “I’m fine.”
“No. That’s not possible!” Steve said. It couldn’t be 2015, that was seven years in the future.  F.R.I.D.A.Y. must have been mistaken. “How long have I been here?”
“I’m not sick!” Tony retorted. Out of his peripheral vision, he could see Bruce and Natasha exchanging looks, Clint slowly sliding out of his seat, flexing one knee back and forth and then the other. They were moving to stop him, to keep him here. Tony jerked to the right, pushing past them. He needed to go, to leave right now.
Steve hesitated, unsure of how to answer. He remembered what the red-eyed Tony had said, that he would be dragged across time. But a pattern was emerging and it all related to Tony. He was being dragged up and down Tony’s life.
Finally, the doctor broke away from Maria and came to Tony. He was a big, white-haired man with crinkling eyes and a moustache that wobbled when he talked. Tony liked him immediately and smiled up at the man as he made a show of groaning and bending down to sit next to him.
