It began with a disclaimer from the narrator that this story was entirely true and not in the slightest bit made up: it had all come from his own experience as a man of the world. It was only natural, he claimed, to be lusty and red-blooded in this fashion, and he only wished to share with a discerning reader what a gentleman of a certain adventurous type might experience.
!” Sherlock called over his shoulder. "You were on the telly, you can come up with something!"
"Not to you," Sherlock said. He reached away and found the pot lid, sliding it into place.
"Ladies and gentlemen," John said to the small assembled crowd of potential chefs de partie and commis chefs, "thank you for coming in today. It's going to be a demanding two days, but I hope it will be an exciting one, and I expect you're all used to this kind of work schedule anyway."
I carded my fingers through his hair, watching them instead of meeting his gaze. "For meddling in your affairs. Your health and well-being is paramount to me," I said, "but you are the master of your body, and I have no right to tell you how you ought to be... that is to say, you're right. You have been taking care of yourself since your adolescence, and you don't need me meddling in your comfort, or your laces. Your... your presentation of self is just as important to your well-being as your lung capacity, and I apologise for insisting on becoming involved. I just want you to be happy."
"When a shouting stranger comes into my restaurant, I'm not going to
"I'm not moving in," John said.
"I hoped." We stopped beneath the curve of Marble Arch. He didn't usually go much further with me. "And you seem to prefer this end of the park, or so I've noticed. I didn't really expect you to be so quick off the block, but it was damned impressive."
John tossed the paint roller aside and stepped close to Harry. She jerked back in surprise, but he took her face gently in his hands and looked into her eyes. "Harry, it is my business. You are literally going to kill yourself if you keep this up."
Holmes's voice rang across the yard. "Watson!"
"Come on, then," John said, and pushed Sherlock's legs apart, wrapping them around his waist. Sherlock yelled, fingers slip-sliding on John's skin. He could smell John's arousal, his soap, the sharp scent of his aftershave— and felt John's rhythm begin to falter as John approached his own edge. Sherlock needed it, chased it, desperate and hungry and rubbing himself furiously, and then John's fingers found his nipple and squeezed, and he came off like a rocket. The euphoria swept through his body, curling his toes and arching his neck, and he spurted over his fist, come streaking up his belly and ribs. John moaned, riding the clench of Sherlock's body as the orgasm shook him; Sherlock felt him shudder and stiffen, and then John's hips jerked in short, sharp thrusts as he came. His head was down and his shoulders were taut, his mouth open as if in shock. Sherlock kissed him sloppily, still trembling, and John barely responded except to moan deeply.
We let go of each other long enough to relocate to his bedroom, with consideration given to our landlady and the late hour. I wanted him in the comfort of our bed, anyway. Many trysts in the sitting room had been exciting and splendid, but I was in the mindset of something a little more subdued.
“Ah ah,” Greg said, and pushed his finger down, “I think you’ll find I am on the list, same as you.”
When Holmes first announced his intention to retire at the age of fifty and move to the coast, he neglected to invite me to come along. We were at odds for a week before we both realized whence the miscommunication had arisen, and then he begged my forgiveness very prettily and told me he’d already bought the place and decided where I was to put my writing desk. No one was surprised when I agreed.
They went through Sherlock's notebook, arguing over, discussing, nixing and adding items, sorting them into starter, mains, and desserts. Sherlock also started giving some of the options numbers and noting down wines that would go with each meal, as if he were going to be able to get away with a prix fixe without John noticing. They shifted around on the bed as they worked through the afternoon, until Sherlock was lying across the foot of the bed with his feet up the wall, and John was propped up on the pillows, the notebook now in his possession.
"Suits you."
Sherlock sat up straight, almost butting John's head with his head. John stared at him.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in query, scrolling down a page full of chairs.
"Yes," said I, reaching for his. We also agreed to unfasten our collars and I was able to slip my fingers inside the back of his shirt to cup the nape of his neck as we kissed again. He shuddered and sighed, finding the fabric of my sleeves with his fingers. Then went our shirt cuffs and our waistcoat buttons, followed quickly by our waistcoats themselves. In our shirtsleeves, we sank back onto the settee, rather more horizontal than before, with me half on top of Holmes. He spread his legs to accommodate me and I could feel his arousal pressing hard against my hip. He did not shy away from me.
His cock jerked as my fingers encircled it. It filled my grip; my jaw ached just thinking about sucking him. My heart was pounding. He returned the favour, moving one hand down my chest, pausing to pinch my nipples until I gasped and then taking my raging prick in his hand. I wanted everything all at once, and yet I knew I would hardly last long enough. I prayed that this wasn't the only time I'd get to feel him come to glory.
"Yes?"
"Call 999," John said, "and tell them we have a kitchen accident and they're to come in the alley. I don't want to see lights in front of the restaurant. Get someone out back to wait for it. And tell them to bloody well keep it down in the kitchen; we've got a dining room full of people we don't want to spook."
"Sorry," John said, "what do you know about cooking, exactly?"
"Er," John said.
"The soft open will take place only for dinner service and consist entirely of the prix fixe menu," John said. "That will make it easier to really test the cook arrangements under a reasonable amount of pressure. You've all given me your availability for the coming week, which I appreciate; we may have you working with different people over the week to see who meshes best. Sherlock and I will be here every night. Am I missing anything?"
Holmes made a noise that might have been a laugh, had it not been choked off abruptly. He lifted his own left hand so that I could see it; he was wearing a matching ring.
“Everyone in the world knows who I belong to,” he grinds out. “Say it!”
"He was seducing me away from my company," the stranger said, offering John his hand. "Greg Lestrade."
I dragged my thumb back, along his perineum, and pressed it flat against his hole. My mouth watered. He groaned. I was caught between the almost overwhelming need to lick him at once, and the aching desire to tease him until he begged. The latter won out, so instead of licking him directly I licked my thumb and replaced it. Holmes jolted, and I felt more than I saw his prick jump. I rubbed the pad of my thumb in little circles, massaging, while occupying my mouth with the flesh of his backside, biting it in increasingly smaller bites until I was nibbling the underside of his arse at the juncture of his thigh and he was up on his toes, whimpering into his arm.
Mycroft sat down across from me and looked me over carefully, reading the story off my visage. I relaxed under the scrutiny; not having to explain myself in his presence was one of my greatest reliefs. We always had a healthy streak of competition between us, but he was as much a parent to me as our own parents had been. He knew what troubled me often before I did.
Sherlock winked at him. John sighed deeply, exasperated and amused, and slid both his hands into Sherlock's hair.
John recognised a dismissal when he heard it. He pulled his clothes back into alignment and said, "Right, okay. See you in the morning, then?"
"We've got reservations for about ten reviewers on Wednesday." Sherlock was warily motionless. They hadn't heard from
Sherlock called his name again. "John! We're falling behind on Track 3 and I
Nothing. Williams ran on through the trees, pushing aside small branches that whipped back into my face. We cleared the trees and were back out on the grass again, so I tried once more: “Watson!”
I kissed him to shut him up. My hat bumped against his hat, my nose hit his cheekbone, but my mouth met his and he stopped talking. I took off my hat and kissed him again. His frame softened, the breath rushing out of him, and he kissed me back. With my hat still in my hand, I rested my forearm on his shoulder and pulled him closer so that I could kiss him more deeply. Our lips parted and my tongue touched his. He sighed, his hands coming to grip the lapels of my jacket. He tasted of unfamiliar tooth powder. When we separated, he pressed his forehead to mine and we were silent a moment, eyes closed, breathing each other in.
That made D'Arcy smile again, and he said, "I imagine it was," with a significant look at my left hand, which still lay on the table. The ring glinted.
"He probably had it edited out."
"Lestrade," I began, on the verge of rebuking him for spinning such a yarn about an interesting case (although with that much peculiarity I would have solved it in less than a week), but then I stopped myself. I looked at Lestrade, with his narrow face beaming (he thought this was the best idea he'd had all week), and at the already-raucous crowd gathered around the table (they'd been here setting up at least an hour already), and at Watson, who was blushing (amused, pleased). "Thank you," I said instead.
His touch gentles as I come down. He has to climb off to find something to clean me up with. I miss the warmth of his body, but I have semen striping my belly and drying on my face so I let him go.
"I didn't understand a word of that," he said. He put his arm around my middle, as if that was something we did– we did, now!– and gave me a little shake. "Can you focus, please, master detective? We're getting married." Then he squeezed me hard. "Holmes! We don't have any rings!"
"Yes," I said. Watson took off the ring and handed it back to me. I put them, loose, into my pocket again, and then boldly took his hand. "Come on then. We're getting married."
I kissed him in the hollow below his occipital bone where the skin is softest.
"Why not, John? She's attractive, you're bisexual."
"Would he?" I asked, skeptical.
When we reached Baker Street, Holmes left me to pay and hurried upstairs. I followed and found him in his bedroom in the dark, halfway out of his waistcoat already: tie untied, braces undone, jacket discarded on the bed. I watched him fling his waistcoat away and yank his shirt and vest out of his trousers and over his head. He untied the strings of his medical corset and struggled free of the lacings, and hurled it away into a corner. Then he stood, breathing hard, glaring at it, until he startled me with a rare outburst of blasphemy. The cursing turned to coughing, and he had to lean on the armoire for support. I reached out to put a hand on his back but he shied from my touch.
"I'm still working on the consistency," he said, turning away to pluck a huge coat off a hook and hang it over his arm. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I've left my emulsifier in the walk-in."
We lay face to face; Holmes propped his head up on his hand. My hand found his bare flank and I began to stroke up and down his side absently I gazed at him. He cupped my face with his other hand and kissed me again, opening my mouth up with a gentle tongue and inviting himself inside. Arousal rushed through my body. I wanted him on top of me; I wanted to be atop him with equal fervour. His warm smell filled my awareness, and I pulled him against me so that his hardness brushed against mine. He let out a little gasp.
"Oh, someone had time to write about the case already," he said. He pushed it my way and sat back to watch as I read the piece.
Sherlock cleared his throat, pushed off the sill, and said, "Tea?"
John wrote.
I went to join him.
The taste of him, anywhere, makes my cock stiff and my heart pound. I can kiss the back of his left hand and be light-headed. The touch of his tongue against mine weakens my knees. The slick, wet head of his prick smeared against my lips sends me into a state of euphoria. But to kiss him here, in this most intimate spot, could very well end my days. If I were to die with my tongue up Sherlock Holmes’s arse, it would at least be happily, if not very dignified. I licked him now with the kind of fervour most appropriately reserved for religious experiences, and he pushed back against my face in kind. I grasped his hips, pulling him back from the worktop edge, and he strained against the confines of his trousers around his knees. True, to have him naked on the bed, legs spread, would make this easier, but I had him exactly where I wanted him. His hole trembled beneath my tongue as he tensed and relaxed, trying to control himself.
Sherlock shrugged. "I did," he said. He rubbed his hands up and down his arms, where they were prickled with gooseflesh, and sighed deeply through his nose. "John—"
He had just seen Toni Gregson out, thanking her for her time and promising to call her about the
The constable took Kirk away and our last man, Peterson, denied the charge of murder with admirable vehemence. It was bad luck, he said, a mistake.
John raised an eyebrow at him. "We're not testing them on character, this round."
When John had shown her to the restaurant door, telling her they'd give her a call, Sherlock stuck his head into the dining room and said, "I want her."
"Tolerable," I replied, cursing my cowardice and sinking down into the chair. My own name jumped out at me from the newspaper. "What are they saying about us?" I asked, indicating it. I took the other half of his sandwich from his plate when he looked away.
I clasp his hand, and then pull him firmly into an embrace. He is hard and stiff in my arms, still undeniably a machine, but the mind is what I truly value. Perhaps I will be able to appreciate this as a blessing: a version of my Watson returned to me.
"Exactly."
Holmes laughed. "Why, John, you haven't kissed me like that since our wedding night; I was starting to worry."
"Like in petri dishes?"
John took the paper out of Sherlock's hands and threw it in the bin.
Watson and I stared at each other in silence, and then began giggling again.
He didn't need to ask what the matter was: Paul Dimmock was holding a quickly reddening rag around his hand, and Sherlock was mopping blood up off the prep table. John stuck his head through the service window, summoning Lestrade, and then grabbed Paul by the elbow and pulled him to the office where the first aid kit was tacked to the wall outside the door. Paul was white-faced and sweating, and the blood dripped through his fingers. John sat him down in the office chair and knelt, kit in hand.
"This restaurant is not going to burn down," Sherlock said.
"But I came back," I protested.
"Everyone bloody knows my bloody history. I'm never… Christ, I'm never going to cook again if that's what happens when a little rag fire goes up."
"Holmes, what–" I began, but there was a tap at the door.
Watson was blushing. "Perhaps you're right."
“It’ll be a bit of work on the front end," Sarah said, putting the tumbler back. "But I think it'll be worth it. We're going to have things no one else has even
“What the hell are they doing here?” Sherlock fumed. “Together, no less?”
"Hush," I hiss, covering his mouth with my hand while he laughs. His fingers are tight on my ribs, and his naked body stretches long and lean beneath mine. The blankets mounded over us seem to muffle the sound, but I know if I were outside them rather than in, I would still be able to hear everything. He wriggles, tongue flicking out to wet my palm. I let go and he sucks in a deep breath.
Sherlock grinned. "Yes, Chef."
The non sequitur is a welcome distraction, for a moment. “What?”
He met my eyes and I nodded. "Go on," I said, my voice hoarse. Watson gripped my prick with one hand, gentle but firm, and touched the razor to my skin over my pubic bone.
By the time I made it downstairs the next morning, Holmes was washed and shaved and looking considerably healthier. The flowers had been redistributed throughout the room and out into the hallway, giving us a little more space to eat breakfast. I sat down across from Holmes, where he was reading the newspaper, and he looked up with a small frown on his face. I raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock growled and got up close behind John, wrapping both arms around him. One was a tight band around John's middle, holding him securely, while the other ended up low, Sherlock's warm, deliciously slick hand curling around John's prick. Sherlock's cock slid between John's cheeks and rubbed against his bollocks. John's teasing dissolved at once and he bowed his head, baring his neck to Sherlock. Sherlock bit him, at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, and stroked him slowly, his hand tight. Water sluiced down Sherlock's shoulders and dripped onto John's.
"Sherlock," John said, before he could protest or hang up, "do not bin the menu we worked on yesterday. It's all brilliant. If you need a distraction, plan something for the
John picked up the bowl of half-mashed guacamole, extracted the immersion blender, and set to mashing by hand. It resulted in a more rustic texture than initially planned, but he decided that would work. With the handmade tortillas and the shredded chicken, plus Harry's story about her Mexican sojourn, rustic was good.
"Perhaps I do know," he amended.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes at him while he wasn’t looking, but she took the hint and headed for the door.  On the way out, she said to John, "You know, there's another bedroom upstairs to let, if you'll be needing two bedrooms."
"Not at all," I rasped, and cleared my throat as he chuckled. He shifted again, sweeping the water up his arms, and I rolled up my sleeves in order to make myself useful. There was a bar of soap, which I rubbed with a flannel until it sudsed, and then began to wash his arms. He let me scrub him slowly, thoroughly, up his arms, under his arms, across the back of his neck. I was careful with the pavement graze on his shoulder, and with his scar. He leaned forward to allow me to reach further down his back. I avoided the bruising on his ribs. He hung his hands on the opposite rim of the tub and groaned softly. My arousal surged and I had to bite back an answering groan of my own.
"Bit big," John said.
Thinking of the videos of Sherlock going off on some sous chef who dared to ask Sherlock to clarify something, John asked, "Do you hate having to explain all this?"
“Did you still want to go to dinner?” he asked, innocent as a lamb. His cock was a half-hard ridge in his trousers.
"There are certain limits to my… abilities to perform," he warns, dropping his voice low. He cups my face, his thumb tugging at the corner of my mouth. "But as always it is it is my greatest joy and privilege to serve you."
The clock struck two, and then three, before I finally fell asleep.
"Were you taken to Portland Street's A&E or UCL's?"
I felt like I'd been struck. My heart thumped in my chest.
"I read the article Jim Moriarty wrote," Mycroft said, leaning on his umbrella.
Sherlock waited for her to elaborate.
have time—"
"Very well." He let me go, but it was with a degree of reluctance. His hand lingered on my back. I went to open the sitting room door to shout down to Mrs Hudson, and found her just reaching the top of the stairs. The woman has always had impeccable timing. Watson was at the window when she came in, looking down into the street, and he didn't turn back until she and the maid had laid the table and departed, taking his coat with them to clean and mend. I uncovered the dishes myself and pulled out a chair for him.
"It's…" Harry said, "like nothing I've ever had before."
That line of questioning also went nowhere, but Holmes was anything but discouraged. He was eliminating impossibilities and soon he would have his truth. He was marvelous in his element, and I couldn't tear my eyes away from him: he had control of the men in the chair without touching them, without  Richardson's interference or the unfortunate Lehman Street habit of corporeal persuasion. I was grateful for the eidetic memory that meant I didn't have to write anything down.
"You're welcome," I said, unsure what favor I had granted.
"How long has it been since you've… been with anyone?" I asked, before I could stop myself.
"Come upstairs, John," Sherlock boomed from the front door.  "We've got so much to discuss."
He looked at me for a long time, reading my face and thinking. "Perhaps," he said softly, "you could learn to do it the way I prefer."
"Where to?"
. I began to giggle.
"Ah, John," he said, as John reached the landing, "date didn't go well?"
John bit the inside of his cheek. He shook his head. "No," he said. "We're opening a restaurant. I thought that was obvious."
Holmes lit the lamps, all of them, and fished a cigarette out of the slipper on the mantle. He offered me one, but I declined. Holmes lit his and began to pace back and forth across the hearth, smoking furiously. Cigarettes were for his nerves.
"Mini-waffles with goat's cheese," Sherlock said, waving the notebook and then putting it back down on John's knee to scribble in it. "As a starter. With tarragon and rosemary. Sweet and savory. Should we do bacon on top?”
"You could leave," Sherlock said softly.
Sherlock's place was nice, John thought, picking oregano leaves off the stem to chop. But it was right over the restaurant, and John wasn't about that anymore. If the front room where they'd spoken looked out onto the street, and the flat's kitchen didn't correspond directly with the kitchen downstairs, then that meant a bedroom, presumably Sherlock's, was at the back over the industrial kitchen below. In the event of a fire, it would be the first room to collapse.
"Holmes." Watson was giving me a stern look.
"I don't— I don't want to divorce him!" I said. That was the
as a joke, mind—and we haven't finalised the menu, so I haven't really had the chance. I mean, we've only been at it a few weeks."
He paused and John's hand loosened. His other hand was trembling on Sherlock's back. Sherlock shifted his weight to his elbow and tugged the neck of John's shirt aside. John's breathing was deceptively even.
We stared at each other for a moment. He was still in his dressing gown, and his hair looked like he'd been raking his fingers through it for a few hours.
They found a low table to huddle together over, and when their food came it nearly filled the space. Mary had left shortly after the fire and gone back to Leeds. Her dad hadn't been well at the time, and, once released from her obligations of showing up to work, she'd disappeared quicker than John could have expected.
"The park, I presume?" I said.
He was very precise with it, as with everything he does, his brow furrowed in concentration and his hands steady. He’d had those hands all over me last night, and in some places I could still feel the pressure of them. I rolled onto my back, still watching him, and pushed one hand under my head to improve my angle. The other hand I found was drawn downwards, beneath the quilt, until it rested atop the jut of my erection through my nightshirt.
"No," I said, sitting down on the bed. He turned around, his eyebrows raised. "It's nothing."
There was a rumble of agreement, most of it enthusiastic. John couldn't say for sure about the agency staff, but they were always lukewarm at best. They hadn't been hired specifically to do this job, anyway, so John didn't blame them. Either they'd come 'round or they'd move on. He had his eye on a few, though, that he hoped he'd be able to convince to stay.
They ducked out of the restaurant into the cold night air and hustled in at the flat door as quick as they could. John led Sherlock upstairs, shedding clothing as soon as he reached the upper landing. Behind him, Sherlock was doing the same, draping his coat over the newel post and had unfastened his trousers by the time they reached Sherlock's bedroom door. John abandoned his T-shirt on the floor inside the doorway, but kept going, shedding his jeans en route to the bathroom. He was fully naked when he reached the shower, and Sherlock made a noise of surprise when John turned the water on.
"Once more unto the breach," Sherlock murmured under his breath as the cooks burst into a frenzy of activity. John couldn't help smiling.
"All right," I said. I fingered the corner of my jaw. I had never been particularly good at growing facial hair, and usually only shaved every few days. Still, there was enough of a hint of stubble to be worth the efforts.
"No, no," Lestrade interrupted, his eyes wide, holding up a hand to deflect the indignation. "I don't mean
"Wasn't a date," John said, "and it went fine."
"I know it is, so maybe you ought to be treating it like one. It's meant to support you, not crush you to death."
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Watson grumbled, but did as I bid. With he in his drawers and I in the altogether, it did not feel quite so ridiculous or clinical. Now I could admire his broad shoulders, the hair upon his chest and belly and arms, the starburst of his old scar. I half-sat to kiss him, and he bore me down to the bed again in his eagerness.
"You don't fall asleep," I say, angry now. "You can't."
"We've discussed this." He was at the mantle, filling his clay pipe jerkily. He jammed the tobacco down with his thumb and bit down on the mouthpiece. He lit a match, sucked on the pipe until it glowed, and threw the match into the fireplace. He wouldn't look at me.
Watson shuddered, his teeth dug into my shoulder, and I felt his cock pulse between my thighs. I watched his ejaculation cloud the water; he muffled his cry against my back.
He shrugged, releasing one of my hands to brush his fingertips across my cheek. "Goodnight, Holmes. Tell the constables whatever makes sense, of course."
"But I should know this stuff," John protested. "The chemistry of it, food chemistry."
"Holmes!"
Sherlock put his empty glass down and was silent for a long time, staring at it. Eventually he said, "I stopped using three years ago. I went— I was in rehab for six months."
"Mycroft—"
"In the church, perhaps," said I.
," he moaned. "I hate them all."
She flushed and tucked her hands underneath her thighs. "Er, well, the bakery's quite busy," she said, "and I'm used to getting yelled at. I mean— No—" She shook her head sharply, wincing. "I mean, high pressure situations don't intimidate me. Well, they do, a bit, but I'm good at following directions and I almost never make mistakes."
"I daresay," said I, and pulled him down to kiss him. "You deserve nothing less."
Sherlock blushed. He started to unsnap the coat, starting at John's collarbone. "When the time was right," he said.
“Ah,” I said.
The little bit of color in his face drained away. I watched his throat constrict.
John's phone vibrated with an incoming text as he settled back into his chair. He fished it out, distracted, and blinked in surprise at the message.
Sherlock nodded sharply and stepped into the sitting room. He was barely ten feet from John, and yet John got the sense that he was quite a bit further away. His posture was aggressive, his shoulders back and his chin up, and John felt suddenly awkward to be standing by the window with his cup of coffee as if he belonged there.
Conclusion: I wanted him. I wanted him very much, and marrying him made having him possible. Why I hadn't thought of this before was rather stupid.
"Pneumonia," I say. My voice sounds so calm. "It was a wet winter and a cold spring." I roll onto my side, my cheek in the grass.
I nodded. "I didn't even tell him the truth that night, or an hour ago when I narrated the whole thing for him. He agreed to do it to share his royalties with me."
"Right." John grinned at him. "Thank you, Chef. What've we got left?"
He let go of his breast and slipped his hand down his belly, tucking his fingers under my thumb and taking control of his clitoral stimulation. "Fuck me," he said, "deep, I'm–"
His body was warm beside mine in the seat, and I was reminded of the sensation of sharing a bed with him. I hadn't kissed him since we were married, and I itched to do it again.
"You miss it, though, don't you?" Mike asked, as their beers were delivered.
I had long suspected Holmes of having leanings in that particular direction. He had never had an interest in women, beyond his professional interest in their personal and mysterious affairs, and often I found him confused and aloof in their presence. He was not unkind or dismissive, he clearly saw women as important and independent creatures, but the way he had lived his life had not intentionally included them.
"Mr Watson," the man said, sparing John a glance even later than Sherlock had. "So good of you to stop by."
"I beg your pardon?"
I pushed myself up off the wall and staggered, righted myself, and started off down the road. I didn't know where I was going, but I felt compelled to move. I heard Watson behind me, and then his arm slid into mine and he steadied me against the side of his body.
"Well, I'm having some," Sherlock said, and disappeared. John heard him descending the stairs with considerably less care than he must have ascended them.
I found myself fixated upon the notion. I began to watch him when he wasn't looking, studying his face, his mouth in particular. I looked for signs that he might be open to the suggestion that we reenact our wedding night, or even improvise upon it. Just because I suspected him of having an invert's soul didn't mean he would by necessity be attracted to
John turned back to Harry, whose eyes were blazing with fury once more. "Harry, seriously," he said, "what are you doing here? Where's Clara?"
Instead, he heard his own connecting door open and close, and John moving around inside his bedroom. Then he heard the squeak of his bed springs as John got in.
He nodded. As we walked up the street in that direction, he quietly took hold of my upper arm and I bent my elbow to give him a place to rest. We were quiet for a while, arm in arm, but finally as we crossed a bridge in the park he said, "I trust your brother is well."
John put his beer down and flexed his hand, turning it over to show her. "It's all right," he said. "Getting better, I guess. Bit shaky, still."
"They'll be booked in at Lehman Street," Richardson said. "Do you want to begin the interrogations, Mr Holmes?"
“Please what?” He grinned at me. “Isn’t this what you were hoping for?”
This time when he kissed me, it was clear who was taking the initiative. I let myself be kissed, opened, invaded, moaning my relief into his mouth. His hands were strong on my jaw, pulling me closer, and I found myself clinging to his upper arms. I let go and plunged my hands beneath the water to have my prize.
By the third page the exposition was over, and the narrator was wrist-deep in a virginal young ward of his uncle’s keeping. I doubted he could get that deep into someone so inexperienced, but the unreality of the scene did not deter me from continuing to read. The virgin was enjoying herself very much, and the narrator took great pleasure in her cries and regular gushing.
“This?”
I stopped his next advance with a hand on his chest.
"So?"
"I don't care about the risotto," Sherlock snapped. "I care—" He cut himself off suddenly and scrubbed his fingers through his hair. John's heart rate picked up again, just when he'd gotten it to slow. Sherlock looked at him, something uncertain in his eyes, and then shook his head. "Yes. The place is covered with extinguisher foam now. Gregson was a little enthusiastic."
"I wouldn't have money to be robbed of if it weren't for you," he said, taking a step closer to me. I put my hands up, perhaps in a bid to protect myself, and he grabbed my forearms. His grip was definitely aggressive, but I wasn't afraid.
"Somewhere," Sherlock said. He leaned back and opened the bedside drawer. There was a half-empty bottle of lube in there, stashed away for his personal use, and he tossed it to land beside John's shoulder. John fished it out of the folds of the duvet and opened it. "Get your pants off first, for God's sake," Sherlock said.
"Good. Means the editors have standards. Sherlock, he is
“I have used a sourdough starter this time,” Holmes explained, putting his elbows back down on the worktop. “Mrs Simpson has explained the history of the fermented leavening agent, and I am intent on understanding the difference.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in displeasure, but he retreated and the door closed behind him. The privacy was an illusion, though: the serving window between kitchen and dining room was still a yawning hole in the wall.
He shot me an unreadable look. "Back to Baker Street."
"Are you certain we have to go to Lehman Street right now?" I whispered against his mouth.
Sherlock looked at him in surprise.
"No, not at all," John said. That had been the fire dream, the one where he didn't get out of his bedroom in time, and he woke when the room collapsed. The violin had started shortly after he sat up, gasping, around four in the morning, and had done as much or better than the stupid meditation techniques he'd looked up on the internet to restore his breathing to normal. His shoulder still felt stiff. "I didn't know you played."
"So you keep lube in an unmarked bottle in the shower…?"
"John, let me— let me finish you," he said softly.
"Of course I am," Sarah replied. "I'm always right."
"Was that all right?" he whispers.
I groaned and covered my face with my arm. The body behind me stirred, making its own noise of discomfort, and I opened my eyes once again. It was Holmes who lay pressed up against me, his arm across my midsection. I frowned, confused: we were not strangers to sharing a bed whilst upon a case, but had never ended up tangled together. It was most unexpected.
“I’m not arguing with you about it,” I said. “Where else would you go? Presumably you’ve been robbed as well.”
"Oh," I said, my eyes pricking with tears.
Sherlock snorted. "No," he said. "I'm a chef, not your mum." He hesitated. "I just thought…"
"I'm not going to take it that way," Sherlock said. "I should have him fired."
I pulled on a dressing gown that drooped a little long in the sleeves and emerged; Holmes was seated at his desk, bent over a sheet of figures, but he looked up when he heard me. He hadn’t bothered to dress either, still in his mouse-colored dressing gown and nightshirt, so perhaps he hadn’t been up very long. His bare feet were crossed underneath his chair.
Holmes groaned into my mouth; I squeezed his prick gently until it was full and stiff, standing up beneath his nightshirt, and I could wrap my hand all the way around it. He broke the kiss to pant softly into my ear instead, his fingers clenching in the sleeves of my dressing gown. He tipped his head back against my shoulder and asked, "Did you check the door?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, I— maybe just at home."
"Sherlock."
“Tell me what happened,” I said. My stomach growled and my eyes were gritty. My head still hurt.
He stood up; he was inside the holding cell, his hands cuffed together in front of him. He had a terrific black eye and split lip, and there was blood on his uniform collar and his left sleeve was torn as if by abrasive contact with the pavement. There was blood and grit in his hair, too. I went straight up to the bars, barely keeping myself from reaching through to him.
"I was prepared to let it slide, as you'd promised us 'a real corker'," I said, "but we have a reservation for lunch."
The soap came away in wide stripes, and the black hair with it. Between strokes, he wiped the blade clean on the towel that was draped over his shoulder. My cock was now stiff and eager in his hand, but his touch was so careful as to be almost impersonal. Not that there was anything impersonal about having your lover kneeling between your naked thighs with his hands on your jewels. I was beginning to leak. I reached down to touch whatever I could of Watson, and found the caps of his knees beneath my thighs.
The realisation that he had just come, untouched, as I’d entered him, all over the back side of his beautiful linen apron, set my blood afire. All from a good tonguing. I took hold of his shoulder and managed half a dozen deep thrusts before I reached my peak. I pressed him hard to the worktop and fucked him through it in short, sharp thrusts, while he groaned and grabbed for my hip.
, John," Sherlock said, scandalised. "I want them to enjoy the food I have decided to serve them, and not to consider such vulgar things. They'll leave pleased and well-fed, regardless of what we put in front of them."
“John, please,” I said, squirming beneath him.
"You can't guess something like that," John said.
"How many times has it happened?" I regretted the question immediately, and said, "Never mind, you don't have to tell me that."
I brought my hand closer to my face to peer at it. Holmes's body was still a line of warm comfort against my arm and thigh. Our knees bumped upon the bed. We were sharing a quilt. I felt him move closer, and his breath was warm against my shoulder.
I heard him say, "All right, then," and the squeak of his chair on the floor.
He was pressing his own prick against my hip in a steady rhythm. I had to touch him. I extracted my arm from beneath his head and reached down to press my palm between his legs. He jumped, rolling half onto his back to give me space. I fumbled open his drawers, even as he kept his hands moving on my cockstand, and his stiff prick in my hand felt wonderful. He groaned in my ear as I began to touch him. How awkward the angle must have felt, but I was determined to give him the pleasure he was already giving me.
"You should charge more than that," Sarah laughed, "judging by what I now know of Sherlock's tastes. He's going to buy the priciest bottles for his own amusement."
a chef, was in his jeans and a jumper.
“We’ll get you a new droid,” Lestrade says, patting my shoulder.
"Agar," Sherlock said, turning up the heat on the pan and giving it a stir with a spoon.
John scuffed the toe of his shoe against the ground and turned away. He shouldn't be here. He should go home, watch some bad telly in his crap flat, and maybe ring his parents. Possibly eat a chicken korma. Live the high life.
Sherlock opened the street door and looked back. John could only see a sliver of his face, pale and strange in the falling twilight. “Well,” Sherlock said, “sort of.”
a day off. He wanted to be back in the kitchen, even if it was noisy and full of contractors and unusable. He wanted to know what Sherlock was picking for the challenge. He wanted to watch Sherlock write it down in his cramped, spidery handwriting and shove it in his ridiculous recipe files.
“That man cannot be allowed to— to—“
I trust him. I do. He has a generous soul, and listens well, and people are drawn to him. I do not blame him for that. Indeed, I think he does not know that he draws the eyes of men; that their gazes linger; that they flirt. He is used to me and my brusque approach to things:
They plated the soup in artful lines over bruschetta and around pieces of fresh basil from Sherlock's window box, and ate it with forks in the sitting room.
"Ticklish?" I ask, fingers dancing up his ribs. I know the answer perfectly well.
"The vicar is in there now; I saw the light."
Sherlock looked them up and down and John watched him hold back a verbal inference about their next destination. Instead he said, "Yes, thank you for your input. On the wines, I mean."
Sherlock shrugged, turning back to the centrifuge. "He said he had a connection and I stopped listening. Someone from the
"Done," John sighed.
Sherlock slumped over the notebook and then flung himself backwards into a sprawl of epic dramatic effect. "
"Married people, Holmes," Watson said. "They always seem to have some kind of… mental link."
"I want to be open in three weeks," Sherlock said quickly. "I want to be established by the time Restaurant Week arrives. I don't want us to have our dry run on the busiest week of the year. It's madness."
His cock was halfway hard, bobbing upward from his groin and stiffening as I began to tough it lightly with my fingertips. He is a sensitive man, prone to overstimulation, and a slow warm-up is to his taste. I sometimes liked things a little more rough-and-tumble, which he was usually game to indulge, but tonight I wanted to take my time with him. I caressed his bollocks, holding them in my palm and rubbing them slowly against the base of his prick. He sighed against my cheek and scratched his fingernails across my scalp. His other hand lay on the pillow beside his head, fingers clenching and unclenching as I touched him.
Upon our arrival at the Gordon Square townhouse, I saw that I was quite right about the state of things. The comings and goings of the police were well documented on the front walk, so I did a careful exterior examination of the house with that in mind. I collected a few pieces of information, dictating them to Watson as we went, and then moved indoors.
By ten o'clock they were finished. The last guests left, calling their farewells to the kitchen staff, and Lestrade locked the door behind them. The cooks startled Sherlock with a cheer, flicking their rags at one another, and Molly hugged John since he was standing nearest to her. He hugged back, looking surprised.
“We really ought to get a contractor in here,” John said, wiping his face with the crook of his elbow. His shirt sleeves were only rolled halfway up his arms. “Get this setup checked out, see if we need to route any of the electricity or gas lines.”
Sherlock smiled, pleased and a little shy. "I know," he said.
Stanley busied himself with the agar plates and flexible tubes, prepping for Track 1. "No, Chef," he said. Sherlock could tell he was trying to hide his smile. Bloody hell.
John signed and put his mug down. "I'm— I'm just anxious about the opening."
No doubt stepping into my marital home was less than encouraging to him.
“I know who he is.”
I groped him for a while, slowly, breathing in the scent of him and rocking my hips almost absently against his arse. My arousal throbbed beneath my skin; the slow pulse of blood and heat between my legs was pleasant. I would certainly fuck him like this, but not for a little while yet. I wished I could get a hand up under his shirt and rub at his nipples until he was squirming, but the way he was leaning on the worktop prevented it. Not to worry. I had other methods of driving him mad.
“Stop,” he says, his hand suddenly firm upon my head. I almost choke, and sink back on my heels, wiping my mouth and staring up at him in astonishment.
Sherlock scoffed, waving away John's concerns like the steam over his tea. "Wrong," he said. "The kitchen is
"Bloody hell," John said.
"You don't know where you're going," it says.
"Before we become too… distracted."
The new facilities of Le Cordon Bleu were situated on Bloomsbury Square, just around the corner from the British Museum, its white stone facade and glass doors a clean and unassuming front for the frenetic cooking madness John knew lay within. John followed Mike up the stairs and through the gleaming halls, half listening as Mike described the drama caused by the move. They passed classrooms full of pastry chefs in technical lectures, and state of the art kitchens filled with young hopefuls slaving over hot practicals. Sense-memories were rushing back to John of the hours spent in these halls—well, not
"I suppose I hadn't really thought about legal protections," said he, cuddling in under my arm and offering me his flask of brandy. I accepted, drank, and handed it back. My insides were tingling, perhaps from the alcohol, but also because this splendid man was nearly on top of me in a graveyard and it was like all my dreams had come true. "Imagine sharing your life with someone," he said, and I genuinely believe he didn't realize he was describing us, "living with them a decade, witnessing every crest and valley of their life, participating in their joys and sorrows, mingling your assets and your money, and then having it all stripped away upon the moment of their death with no recourse for compensation." At this point I think he'd started to catch his own drift. "I suppose it might not have to be death, but to be separated from someone you love and not be able to recover any of the emotional or material investment…." He sat up a little, the better to look into my eyes.
"He… sometimes I think he has not forgiven me for that."
Sherlock remembered John's hands in his hair, pulling with just enough seriousness to make him shiver, and he reacted again now just to the memory. John felt it and pushed his hips up against Sherlock's in return. Sherlock could feel John getting hard under his thigh but there was no extra room in the chair to spread his legs.
"Oh, bollocks to Sherlock," John said. "Sherlock said he wanted to match a wine list to the menu, as well. Charge eighty or a hundred quid to have it served alongside the dinner."
"Enough," he hissed, "put your fingers in me."
He goes out first, and I stare at myself in the mirror. I’m a wreck: on the verge of tears, my hair disarranged, my shirt buttoned wrong. It takes a few minutes to put myself back together, and when I make my way downstairs, Watson is holding my coat in the foyer. He helps me into it and sets my hat upon my head. Then he bends my arm and slips his hand into the crook of my elbow.
"Sherlock, please," Sherlock said. His grip was firm and his gloves were pleasantly warm from the inside of the cab. "What do you think?" he asked, gesturing at the building.
Some people of a certain standing see a moderately well-off widower, a physician with a greater reputation for his romantic fiction than his bedside manner, and believe that such a fellow could only lack for a wife. An eligible man remade a bachelor such as he, they reason, must surely hope to be claimed sooner or later by a newer, younger, suitable distraction from his bereavement.
“Thank you, Watson,” said he softly, brushing his fingers through my hair. “You always do come through for me.”
"Sherlock! They will. They absolutely will do that."
"Can't you–?"
John loved the intensity of that gaze. It was unnerving and flattering at the same time. It made him blush. He was blushing now, alone in bed in the dark, and he felt the heat suffusing his whole body. He wasn't drunk anymore when he put his hand down his shorts.
"Harry'll be furious," John said.
Sherlock nodded quickly in understanding.
"Ah, I think you are."
"You didn't have anything to drink," he said.
"Hardly," Sherlock scoffed.
"Sherlock's doing the cooking," John said, "and I'm doing
Sherlock didn't smile at the joke. "I do know best."
"Come in," Holmes said, automatically, before either of us had a chance to think what it might look like. At least we were decent in our shirtsleeves and drawers.
"What did you mean?"
He ducked his head, smile widening. "I did."
The only time his propensity to giggle is even the slightest bit unwelcome is in the middle of the night in a rural country inn, when the bedrooms are all doubles, the landlord and his wife sleep in the next room, and Sherlock Holmes has just solved a murder.
"Hear what?" I asked, careful to keep my voice low.
"You are so much more than her," he went on, reaching out to grip John's elbow. "Worth so much more; capable of so much more."
"Another member of the gang?" I offered.
It fit like a short vest: sleeveless, with wide shoulder straps, a round neckline, and its hem at the bottom of his ribs. Up both sides were grommets and laces which tightened until the edges of the corset touched and his breasts were flattened into oblivion. He'd had a few such garments specially fitted to give him the silhouette I was used to seeing in public. Still, I was convinced that he was doing himself a disservice by abusing the lacing.
Sherlock snorted and turned his collar up. "I do have them digitised," he said, crossing his arms and sinking back into his seat.
"Sherlock," he scolded. "He forgave you the ruse at Reichenbach."
"Is that why your brother was checking up on you that first time I met him?" John asked. "He was worried about where the money was going."
We stood aside as they hauled Williams to his feet and took him away. A wagon awaited on the path, fifty yards away. Beyond it I could see people–men of a certain variety–taking their leave of the immediate area.
“It’s not rocket science.” Sherlock was standing with his back to John now, his hands fisted in his hair. His ribs were heaving.
"Damn your arm," Sherlock said, loudly enough that Gregson looked up in surprise. "I don't have time for your excuses, John; I need you in my kitchen, and I need you now. You know the recipes. You know the techniques. Everything is in place."
"Paul—" John started, but Paul said, "Gloves!" in a voice that brooked no argument.
A black cab pulled up as John approached, and Sherlock Holmes unfolded from the back seat. He was wearing the enormous coat with its collar turned up against the cold, and a blue scarf wrapped around his long neck. He looked as immaculate as he had the day before. John had a flash memory of a Holmes in the videos he’d watched, in the tall, white chef hat and white buttoned coat, verbally abusing a manager, and had to stifle an embarrassed smile. Sherlock Holmes stuck out his leather-gloved hand, and John shook it.
"Exactly," Sherlock said. "Do you doubt our ability to be prepared by then?"
There were no hanged men, no pools of blood, no mysterious writing on the walls or cultish paraphernalia littering the floor. Instead, a giant table was set up in the middle of the bare room under a hand-painted banner that read
Sherlock lifted his face and stared into John's eyes. His pupils were still huge, and his lips were red, his mouth well used. His hair was a wreck. He pushed off the wall and stepped back— staggered, really— and looked down at himself in surprise. As if he hadn't expected this to be the result. He tucked himself clumsily back into his trousers and did them up.
Below Jennings's signature were Holmes's and my own: sloppy but deliberate.
Sherlock, who had been watching him attentively, smiled. "You think so?"
I pulled back. "What was that?"
"I didn't think so at first," Sherlock said finally, "and for that I apologise. But yes, I… I think it is a good idea."
John smiled despite himself and shook his head. "No," he said, "it's all right. But it's… good of you to offer."
"Oh, no," Sherlock said, his voice a low, dangerous rumble. He pushed the contractor back into the kitchen. "I think you'd better talk about it here."
," he murmured, crouching to pick up the magnifier. He looked up at me, his head at the level of my groin, and then rose slowly. The back of his hand brushed ever so slightly against my trouser placket. "I was just thinking of last night, when you were buggering me, how enormous it looked when you--"
John nodded in agreement.
Sherlock leaned back to help, pulling his own shirt and T-shirt out of his trousers and opening them up. His cock sprang out, ruddy and leaking, and John had it in his hand in a moment. Sherlock sobbed, humping John's fist; John grabbed him by the hair again and kissed him, muffling Sherlock's moan. Sherlock responded clumsily, beyond coordination, so John just licked at his mouth while he jerked Sherlock off, hard and fast. Sherlock was close, trembling all over. Sucking John's dick had done this to him, John thought, riding a full-body shudder of delight. Sherlock groaned again, higher and tighter, and he broke John's kiss to press his face into John's neck. John gasped for breath over his shoulder. Sherlock bit him again, gentler this time, more aimless and desperate, and John felt him swell in his hand. He squeezed Sherlock's arse with his other hand, praying his jumper was out of the way, and Sherlock went stiff all over. His prick twitched; John felt the hot, wet spill of come over his hand. Sherlock whimpered, face still hidden as John pulled the orgasm out of him, and finally went limp, elbows collapsing, pressing John warmly to the wall.
The flying car is where young Lestrade left it, parked in front of the building. As I approach it I realise I have no idea how to open it, let alone operate it. I touch the door handle, despairing for my own escape, when it lights up at the ends and inside, and the door pops open an inch. I pull my hand away and stare. My fingerprints linger, luminous, on the handle, and then fade away.
That was an understatement. He'd been buried alive.
Sherlock grabbed the list back. "Sally Donovan, too? You did tell them it was
"Right," John said. "I can tell that this is going to be a solid and productive working relationship."
"I'm still—"
It didn't rouse me now, for the feeling was followed immediately by that cold-water sensation of him putting a hand on my chest and saying, "I don't remember any of it."
John took the distraction as an opportunity to stretch out his legs. They were falling asleep, but he didn't want to move from his proximity to Sherlock. He rubbed his palms up and down his thighs, coaxing the feeling back into them. Sherlock was listening intently, his expression falling.
"It's never
The year 1895 will stand out in our glorious century as the year everything changed.
His mouth twitched in a hidden smile. "Absolutely gargantuan."
He ducks his head and worries the skin of my throat with his lips and teeth. I find a grip in his hair and hold him there, clinging to him as the orgasm builds. I look down the length of my body, and the sight of my prick encircled by his silver hand does me in. I tense all over and he says, "Yes," against my neck, "yes, that's it."
"We wish to be married, vicar," Watson announced.
John shook them out of the kit and snapped them on, before Paul let him anywhere near his hand again. The cut was almost four inches long, and the sterile cotton wool pad John covered it with was soaked through in a moment. John stuck another one on and began to wrap the whole thing in gauze.
subscription numbers?”
Another time, I might have drawn the experience out, really teased and tempted him with the knife edge of glory. Instead, given that it was only a few hours until dawn and we had work to do, I knew it was my duty to bring him off quickly. I sat back, scooting out from beneath him, and bent my head to take the tip of his prick in my mouth.
I jumped at the first touch of the soft brush on my cheek. Watson murmured an apology as he smeared it across my face, so I reached behind me to squeeze his shin in reassurance. He had both hands upon my face, holding me and moving me to do his work. When I was entirely lathered, he leaned back to admire his work and made a noise of satisfaction.
Then his shoulders relaxed, his hips went still, and he folded down over Sherlock, returning the kiss. They caught their breath together; Sherlock eased his hand out and wiped it on the duvet. Damn thing was probably ruined, not that he cared. John's sweat-damp back was hot under his palm. John nuzzled him as he kissed him, murmuring, and his hands carded through Sherlock's riotous curls. Sherlock's whole body was heavy. John, atop him, was heavier. Sherlock wrapped his arms around him to make sure he stayed put.
"John Watson."
He was almost out the door before he turned suddenly and looked at John again, his piercing storm-cloud eyes making John's breath stutter in his chest. "The name's Sherlock Holmes," he said, "and the address is number Two Hundred and Twenty-One, Baker Street." With an afterthought of a nod to Mike, he concluded, "Afternoon," and vanished.
"You're never in the way."
"Fuck," he whispered.
There were only so many dry runs they could do, though. The chefs had practiced every dish Sherlock had come up with. Sarah's bar was stocked and ready with all the booze and gelatine she could need. Molly had made more kinds of desserts in the last two weeks than she'd made in the previous two years, and she'd nailed all of them. She'd even gotten bored and started coming up with free-from ideas: vegan mousse, gluten-free cakes, sans-dairy ice creams. Toby had learned all of her recipes and could be counted on as a replacement for her days off. There was nothing else to be done.
He slid his long fingers into my hair and cradled my head as he returned my kisses, deeping them slowly as we warmed up to the idea. I felt him twitch against my belly, and made a little noise of appreciation into his mouth.
"Do you know anything at all about molecular gastronomy?"
"I'm going to make it work," Sherlock vowed.
Sherlock turned off the water and they climbed out carefully, wrapped themselves in towels, and went into the bedroom. It was refreshing to the point of chilly compared to the bathroom. John's hair was still wet, and if he left it alone it would end up drying in crazy spikes, but he wasn't about to stop and comb it now. He pushed back the duvet and crawled into the middle of the bed.
Sherlock's scowl looked entrenched, but after a moment it softened. "Fine," he said. "I suppose you're right."
His breathing was growing heavy, his kisses uncoordinated, but he wasn’t going to let himself come off in his trousers, and anyway I couldn’t wait for him. I was gasping, groaning his name, and then all at once my climax reached its peak. I spilled on my belly, dirtying my nightshirt and almost bucking Watson off in the frenzy of my orgasm.
, but it was certainly inconvenient that John insisted on staying in Bermondsey. The work would be so much more efficient if they were both on-site all the time.
Then I let go of him, retrieved my hand, and knelt.
“Constable, do you have any idea who this man is?” I demanded. “This is Doctor John Watson, late of her majesty’s army, surgeon and hero of Maiwand, and my professional associate and personal friend. It is an insult to him and to me to keep him confined in this abysmal place with this abominable crowd.”
“Hi,” John said, as soon as he was out of earshot. “Sorry.”
"Because I love you."
and it makes me absolutely sick that
"Fine," John muttered, grimacing. "Arse."
The tortillas themselves were handmade of cornmeal, and were waiting to be rolled out and quickly fried on the griddle. Harry's gap year in Mexico was paying off in ways their parents hadn't anticipated. John, too, had been convinced she'd spent the whole time drinking tequila and seducing the local dark-eyed señoritas. Apparently not; or at least, not
He strode up to the plywood-bandaged door and rapped on it sharply. A moment later, the door was opened by a petite older woman with soft, blonde hair and a delicately lined face. She was wearing a purple silk dress with a high collar and tight cuffs that made John think of his Scottish nan.
"Rinse," John gasped, "then— I don't know— fuck me, I want you to fuck me."
"Oh God, Watson," he said in my ear, the most beautiful words I’d ever heard, "I beg you will take your time, lest I come off early and disappoint you."
"Bring them to be one by one," Holmes said to the constable on guard. "Starting with Simpson."
Ella's office was situated in Marylebone, just off Harley Street, which spoke volumes as to its prestige and worth, but which was also very dangerous when it came to John's self-control. Usually, after a session, sore and exhausted, he could convince himself to get back on the Tube and go straight back to his sad little flat in Bermondsey, but on some days, particularly the ones when the sky was clear, he found himself passing the station entrance, pushing his way through the crowds around Oxford Street, and walking into Soho.
He muttered, "Tedious," and buttoned up his shirt. "It's a
"As for the staff," Sherlock said, ignoring him, "I don't think we'll have to look very far."
“What was he doing in Piccadilly, then, at three this morning, fighting one Mr Gregory of Holloway Road?”
fine. It was golden and crispy on the outside, and when Harry cut into it, the inside was white and perfect. John turned the blender on again. There was a camera coming their way: distress always drew the attention of the judges and the producers.
"I feel that we haven't finished our conversation from last night," said I.
There was a rap on the bedroom door, so I jerked the covers back. “Yes, Mrs Hudson?”
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are an unlikely pair: Watson, the runner-up of ITV's
I’m shivering. The machine comes around the car and drapes my Inverness around my shoulders. Against my will, I tuck my arms into the sleeves and pull it into position.
"Strangely enough," John said, "those are not really the only things I take into consideration when embarking on a sexual relationship." How Sherlock had picked up on and then decided to identify John’s preferences was another conversation they would definitely be having later, probably at the same volume they were having this conversation.
Sherlock made a face. "I think they did." He reached out and touched John's knee with his fingertips, before covering John's kneecap with the whole of his hand. His touch sent a frission of pleasure and warmth through John.
He smiled, exasperated and fond, his moustache twitching. "I always smoke 'ship's' myself," he replied.
I shucked my trousers altogether rather than tuck myself back in, and snapped him a jaunty salute. He snorted and gave my backside a smack as I turned away.
"What's it like to work with the most hated chef in the UK?" Moriarty asked John.
Although, if he planned on driving her out, he could have done it already. One word to John—one deliberate word, and none of this sneering and mumbling—and John would let her go. No, it wasn’t as simple as all that. John had even caught Sherlock chatting with her a few times… how else would they have discussed the ice spheres and the jelly booze? No, the sticking place was John.
"And all of our things, co-mingled in the flat–"
I barely heard the door downstairs close, but the sound of feet coming up the stairs registered. By the weight and pattern of the tread I knew it was Watson. I threw the book onto the table and covered it with a newspaper, and then stuffed my rigid, swollen prick into my trousers and buttoned them. It tented my fly obscenely, so I grabbed a pillow and was just covering my lap with it when the sitting room door opened.
When I awoke, Holmes was a long, warm line against my side. He'd arrived some time in the early hours, smelling of tobacco and coal smoke, his fingers and toes and the tip of his nose cold as ice. I remembered waking to the weight of his body joining mine, and the susurration of his voice as he identified himself. Now his head was on my outstretched arm, and his spine abutted my ribs. I let my hand wander down his arm and over his hip, his nightshirt soft beneath my fingers. He stirred, murmuring something, and was still again. The blankets were mounded over us, trapping our body heat; I regretted leaving to take care of my body's primary morning demands.
“I believe Dr Watson told your constable that Mr Gregory was a thief,” I drawled. “I assume Mr Gregory was also arrested and searched?”
I put my shirt and drawers back on and rang for Mrs Hudson, who came up with a laundry basket. She stopped in the doorway.
"Sherlock Holmes is a disaster, John. You're going to regret this."
“In the park?”
"Heartless," Sherlock said.
I look forward to the day he turns to pastry, but bread is his current fascination. He studies the way it rises, how the yeast reacts to different temperatures and conditions, and how much kneading is too much kneading. He has replaced his habitual dressing gown with a blue linen apron, and finishes most days asleep in his armchair, covered with a fine dusting of flour.
"No, I suppose not," he said slowly.
Watson was still watching me when I looked back up, a smirk on his face. "They're figured us out," he said.
Sherlock pursed his mouth and John realised he was trying, and failing, not to smile. When he relaxed and let it come naturally, it was a really charming, slightly lopsided smile. John wanted to see more of it. Among other things.
"Mr Ellis," he said, "What percentage do you get if you undercut your own employer?"
"Right," he said. "Have they ordered yet?"
John took care of Sherlock as much as he took care of setting up the business. He let Sherlock have his way on everything Sherlock thought was truly important, and everything else he was content to overrule or ignore. They opened in just over a week, and Sherlock had known from the start, somehow, that John's hand was the right one to guide them. He trusted John.
"Think about what you want to do for the
They sent everyone away at half five, only slightly over their scheduled time, and John left Tim Wiggins, the porter, boxing up the meals for donation and cleaning dishes. Sherlock had vanished upstairs into the flat almost as soon as John had given the chefs permission to go, and John expected to find him in a proper strop.
"Don't be ridiculous," the man said, "It's a superb idea. You'll be a bit out of your depth, certainly, most people are, but I think you'll do very nicely. It's ridiculous to extrapolate from the smoking wreck of a single restaurant to the end of your very livelihood, especially since it was primarily your partner's fault that it burned. Alcoholism, wasn't it?" The man stood and snatched up a slotted spoon from the other side of the table. He dipped it into the glass dish, fished out a little pile of blobs and lay them on a plate. He rinsed them with a clear wash from a plastic bottle and scooped them up again with an even smaller spoon. The blobs would have looked like caviar if they hadn't been a brilliant green. He offered the spoon to John.
John laughed, shaking his head. "You really are devious," he said.
I slept poorly that night, my brain confused by rejection and desire. I dreamt of Watson sharing my bed; of the two of us walking in Hyde Park in the daytime, arm in arm; of rolling with him under a bush at twilight and kissing him breathless, and then having him tell me the Yard were on their way. I finally slept deeply a little after dawn, but woke at a tug on the bell, disoriented and with my head aching.
,” he said.
I did wash my face, and made my ablutions, and then undressed down to my vest and drawers. Laying on the settee, whose cushions were flattened by years of heavy use, under the blanket that smelled of the cupboard, I wished I'd stayed home. I could be in my own bed, at least, feeling exactly the same way I did now: confused, hurt, betrayed, guilty. I wondered what Watson would think of my cowardice, of my inability to see the conversation through to its end. I wondered what he would say when I told him the real reason I had married him.
His pocket vibrated. Sherlock pulled his phone out.
"I know," Holmes said, smiling. "You are my shining knight."
Our tail ran past and stopped briefly at the end of the street, looking back and forth, and then went left. We listened to his footsteps tapping away into the distance. Holmes looked up at me, grinning, and pulled me free of the doorway again. He let go, leaving me reeling, and ran down to the end of the street. Satisfied, he came back, and caught me once more by my arms.
Bracing himself on his elbows, he moved slowly at first, testing my limits. His forehead was tucked into the crook of my neck, his fingers in my hair and his breath warm on my collarbones. I kissed his cheek and ear, holding my knee with one hand and his spine with the other. Every thrust made my breath catch on a moan, and I heard him echoing it into the flesh of my shoulder. Then he pushed up onto his hands to look down into my face and increase the speed of his hips. This gave me room to get a hand on myself, which only made me clench down tighter on him and caused us both to groan.
I turn to stare at it. It reaches out toward the console, and music bursts forth all around us, like a gramophone is concealed somewhere. For a minute I think I've wet myself in shock, but it turns out the seat below me is heated from the inside as well. The machine fiddles with dials, changing the music, and settles on a violin concerto that I recognize.
“You can’t get a team in here for dinner service if your toys are in the middle of the floor.”
The compudroid is waiting for me, just outside the churchyard.
I almost sat up, but the iron grip of his arm stopped me. "Good heavens, Holmes."
Needless to say, I did join him.
"What's burning?" he demanded. "Sherlock!"
"Tighter," he said.
We hadn't discussed changing our names, although now seemed to be the time one would do such a thing.
Then the blade entered the picture. He did the left side of my face first, carefully scraping away the soap foam and the hair with it. He was infinitely patient with my upper lip, imploring me to make several ridiculous and necessary faces, and treated my lower lip and chin with the same care. His hands were gently confident, and his work with the razor could have paralleled any barber of my choosing. I felt like soft clay in his hands, manipulated and massaged, and I marvelled that I hadn't asked him to do this before. It was like having an itch scratched: at once magnificent and slightly unsatisfying.
"I'm sorry."
Sherlock had turned away to put a pan on the stove and was pouring olive oil into it generously. He also filled a pot with water and stock cubes and added a teaspoon of white powder from a glass jar. It had a label, but John couldn't read it. Sherlock stirred the water to dissolve it and said, "Tomato soup, if you're amenable."
"Call him." John slid off the stool. "And the next time I come over here for a chat, I expect there to be something outrageous and made of jelly waiting for me to try."
"Yes, thank you," I echoed.
In a heavy pea soup fog such as the city was known for, Holmes and I waited outside a warehouse at the St Catherine docks that was full of smuggled and stolen goods. The police were on the inside of the massive bolted doors, anticipating the return of the stolen goods' temporary owners, but Holmes, ever the sceptic, wanted to be certain our quarry would not slip the trap. He and I were crouched behind a wall of barrels opposite the doors, the contents of which could only be pickled herring, given the smell.
A shudder of desire wracks me from shoulders to shins, and I fit the tip of his prick into my mouth with a little moan. Behind the flies of my own trousers, my cock throbs. I love to do this for him. I am serving myself here, as I service him. He knows it, and a little jolt of his hips pushes him between my lips. He stiffens further in my mouth, the tip of him growing slick. I lick it away and twist my hand around the base of his prick. With my other hand, I reach into the humid gap in his drawers to fondle his bollocks.
Sherlock snorted. "I'm only concerned for the success of our restaurant, John. If you won't commit—"
Soon enough, though, the cooks started to move, gathering supplies and prepping their stations. Sherlock was walking among them, answering questions about the technique in a low voice, and though John saw Morton wince when he came near, he spoke to her gently and when he walked away again she looked more comfortable with the process in front of her. They were in good hands.
"Well, ask them," Sherlock snapped. "Five minutes."
I knew very well what I was about, but I smiled around his prick and touched him again. The sea-salt taste of him intensified; he was beginning to squirm. As slow as I might go, he wasn’t going to last. I worked my finger in and out, relishing his soft moans. His hips rocked, pushing his prick deeper into my mouth.
"No, that's good," John said. "I'm just glad you have a plan for them."
thing I wanted. I wanted to die in his arms, mortally wounded by a madman, before I signed a piece of paper stating I didn't want him anymore.
"You're doing splendidly."
That night, I leave the door to my bedroom open. He comes to me quietly after I have turned the electric lights out. I make room for him on the mattress, and he climbs in beside me. At first he is careful not to touch me, but I reach over and tug on his arm until we make contact. It's not quite as comfortable as I'm used to; he does not have the body fat to soften his edges. Still, the warmth is welcome, and the weight of his arm on my waist, his hand on my stomach, brings me to the verge of tears. I missed him so much.
Holmes sighed and I broke the kiss to rub my moustache along the side of his jaw to make him squirm. Squirm he did. I pressed whiskery kisses to his neck and throat, working my way down the open collar of his shirt as he murmured. His fingers moved in my hair, caressing my scalp. He tipped his chin up to give me room, and I turned my attention to the buttons on his shirt. His collar was long gone. I parted the lapels of his shirt and pushed his vest up to expose his narrow chest with its dusting of dark hair, his soft, pink nipples.
"Oh, no." Mycroft put up a hand. "You need to be the one to invite them."
"I suppose I fell asleep."
I am not ready, but I get in all the same.
"No," I said quickly, "no, you didn't do
"Nothing," Sherlock said, a little too quickly. "The chairs arrived but they were wrong."
"She's never worked in a restaurant kitchen before. She will literally collapse under the strain."
I thought, but he went on.
Sherlock looked around, the upturned collar of his coat brushing his cheeks. His eyes were bright. "Not really, no."
He decided he would go in to 221 anyway. If the kitchen was in shambles and Sherlock was still busy, John would help himself to Sherlock's laptop and work on the staff allocations. He could use the company.
"The tobacco?" I joked. "Do we split that if we divorce?"
, and he wasn't sure on which plane they should relate. She'd never been on before, either, so maybe she didn't know her job.
"Oh, John," she said, wiping down a glass and placing it neatly with the others on the shelf behind her. "Sherlock's a bloody genius, had you noticed?"
John put his phone in his pocket, closed the door behind him, and went outside.
"It's all right," I said. He pressed his lips together hard and shook his head. "It is," I assured him. "You ought to have a bath, too, while you're here. And something to eat."
"Wait here," I said, and got up. He needed a cold compress on his face to stop the swelling.
"We did it," he said as Molly let go. "Well done, everyone. Please don't forget your closing procedures; if you need them, the lists are hanging in the office, but I expect by now it should be habit."
John stared at him.  Mrs Hudson set down the tea tray at his elbow.
On the 22nd of April, 1896, I awoke with the sun in my face, my head full of cotton wool, and a warm body along my back. I wasn't in my own bed; I wasn't even in Baker Street. It was the work of several long moments to orient myself to the double-bedded room Holmes and I had rented at the only inn available close to the railway station, in the country town of Ferrymore Bridge. The morning sun pierced through the fog in my brain: a lance of agony.
"Mm," he agreed, taking the head of my prick between his lips. It was hot and slick, and meanwhile his fingers played upon the bare skin of my bollocks, sending little sparks of sensation through me.
"Hm?"
I lift my face. In the moonlight now I can see his wide, dark eyes; his fine, high cheekbones; his thin, expressive mouth. His mouth is open, gulping air, and then he pulls the blankets up again. It's too hot under here, but it's deliciously intimate to be surrounded by his body heat and his heady aroma. I start to move down again, my mouth watering, and suddenly he's giggling again.
He had washed, that very morning, because no one I have ever met loves a bath so much as Sherlock Holmes. He will take two in a day if not kept in check. The water heater is to blame: it can fill our copper tub in ten minutes, and Holmes paid through the nose to have it installed. Besides satisfying his catlike love of hygiene, the heat helps his long-abused knees and his bad shoulder. So I only tease him once a week for it.
The cooks were also having to share the ovens and the hobs, which they did with a little bit of friction. They were on their best behaviour, but it was obvious that a few of them wanted to hog the space. Morton in particular was taking up more room than his aubergine really needed. John made a note.
"Pudding?"
"Don't go cold again on me."
"People do little else," Sherlock said, rubbing himself now firmly into the groove of John's thigh. His prick was long and rigid, trapped down the leg of his trousers. John kept one hand in Sherlock's hair— he'd discovered a method of control and he wasn't going to give that up— and slid the other between them to feel that length for himself. Sherlock shuddered at the touch, head dipping, so John took advantage of the closed distance and kissed him. Sherlock groaned again, hips stuttering.  He had moulded himself against John's body from knee to shoulder, holding John firmly in place even as John rubbed at him between them. John's wrist ached already, but Sherlock was making the most delicious, desperate noises into his mouth that he couldn't bear to stop.
John cornered him just inside the kitchen door. "All right," he demanded, "what did you say to them?"
He considered showering again, but the toll of the day, the
Nodding, I began to tighten again from the top. "Then perhaps you should consider giving up smoking."
"It's perfect," Sherlock scoffed. "You're not looking at it properly. Come on, let me show you inside."
I grabbed two handfuls of Holmes's jacket under his coat, securing him against me, and kissed him back. He tasted like I'd imagined, and so much better than that. His mouth was warm and clever, his tongue quick, and his hands roamed up and down my arms and chest. I could feel the blood pounding its way around my body, heating me up all over.
We went inside.
Seated at the table were four people: Mary Morstan, looking sweet and gorgeous with her short bob and her coral lipstick; Harry and John's mum, Frances; one of John's instructors from culinary school, Chef Bell; and the celebrity guest of the evening, Idris Elba. They were all looking at him with totally unreadable expressions, except John's mum, who was trying very hard not to grin and doing a terrible job at it. She kept waving at him and giving him a thumbs up.
John snorted with laughter and reached out to hold onto Sherlock's biceps. Sherlock chuckled, his fingers gentling. He tipped John's head back and kissed him again, slowly. Despite the heat of the shower, his nipples were hard. John wasn't in any more dignified a state: his erection bobbed when he stepped forward to get closer to Sherlock, and they both gasped when they came into contact. Sherlock's right hand left John's hair and slid down his back to grab at his arse to pull him closer.
It was a favourable crowd that night, carefully cultivated from their relatives and associates. Mr and Dr Holmes lingered over their wine long after they'd experienced all six courses, though Mycroft finished his pudding and took off immediately with Anthea. Once he was gone, Sherlock went out to say hello. Dr Holmes took his hand between hers and gazed up into his face.
Catalysed, he slid his hand into my hair and kissed me deeply. We traded kisses like that for a long time, feeling one another out. It wasn't the same wild passion I'd felt the night before in the cab; instead it built slowly from a coal to a fire, and soon the blood was thrumming between my legs. Holmes was breathing hard when we finally parted again.
"Some people do take care of their holdings," Watson said. "The Duncans happen to strike me as a particularly devoted couple."
"I'll try," John said. His arm ached.
Instantly the man's attention was on John, sharp grey eyes scanning from John's outstretched hand up his arm to his face, then down at his jacket, jeans, and shoes. John looked back. If this was the guy Mike had thought John needed to meet, John wasn't terribly upset. He was easy on the eyes, that was for sure. John took in the soft black curls that brushed his forehead, the sharp angle of his cheekbones and the pink moue of his mouth. He wore no tie, despite the quality of his suit, or perhaps because of the experiment with the green goo, and his crisp white shirt was undone at the collar. John allowed himself a moment of appreciation for the shadow of his Adam's apple, and then looked up again into his eyes, where the hint  of a smile was just visible.
The police came then, sparing me from figuring out how to respond.
If you read chapter 1 before May 30th, 2018, I recommend rereading it now because it has been totally rewritten. xx
* * *
"And he's been married before," I went on, "so he knows how it's all supposed to work."
"Are you all right?" I called to him.
you," I reply, clinging to him.
"No," John said, "but Lestrade must have."
"Exactly. Food grade." He shifted his attention to the pot and turned the burner on beneath it.
"We were drunk the night we got married," I said. "So drunk that Watson can't remember any of it."
The heat of a blush filled John's face, and he opened his mouth to protest at the snide remark, when the sincerity of the man's growing smile struck him. "Impressed?" he asked.
I let his fingers slip from mine and shoved my hands into my pockets to keep him from seeing them shake. I nodded once and turned on my heel. His touch still burned upon my face. Baker Street was less than ten minutes on foot from this corner of the park, and it felt like a personal insult to be walking home alone. It would hardly take him out of his usual orbit to come with me. I couldn't bear to think of him staying out overnight, but that was what the guinea was for. It would keep him fed and housed for a few days at least, if he wasn't frivolous with it. Not that I could blame him for spending it on a drink or a newspaper, or something equally unnecessary but undoubtedly desired.
I release him. "Holmes."
"I-I'm not sure you should," said I. "There must be some mistake."
, I thought.
"What," Holmes said, "on earth did you do to me?"
don't know him," John said.
He gasps, his fingers clenching on my ribs, and his hips press up against mine. He is laughing again, breath hissing out his nose, and after a moment he has to stifle it in the crook of his elbow.
“Wait, you’re serious?” John called after him. “We’re going out for a drink?”
"Brain work," said he. "Gaps between cases of no more than three days. Consultations by the police on all of their most abstruse conundrums."
Having been summarily banished from my own sitting room, I went up to my bedroom to undress. I changed into my nightshirt, wrapped myself in my quilted dressing gown, and sat down on my bed to consider the notes I had taken before our vigil. I didn't consider them for long before the lateness of the hour and aftermath of the excitement had caught up with me.
"What makes you think such a thing?" he asked finally.
I don't understand how this new world works, but for now I decide not to inspect its miracles too closely. Watson kisses me and holds me in his arms, and I am at risk of shaking to pieces.
skin."
"Holmes," I gasp, already on the verge of my own orgasm. Sucking him always does such things to me.
"You already know them," John said. "We've got a month, we'll be fine."
He shook his head.
"They might actually
When Holmes and Watson took up together at the end of January, Watson was in a sticky situation. His previous restaurant, the one that got him onto
"Rules?" Watson said. "What sort of rules?"
"It was stupid of you to leave," he said finally.
"Hey, Sherlock."
“Not on your own, it seems,” he said, beaming up at me. His handsome face was half-lit in the moonlight and the shadow, and it made my heart thump. I managed a smile.
"No, it's–"
"Jesus, of course I do," John said sharply. "It's the only thing I've ever done, Mike."
At nine, when the contractor arrived with the plumber, carpenter, and electrician in tow, Sherlock was once more immaculate. He had showered while John sat at the laptop—looking at chairs and trying not to think about his new business partner in the shower—and emerged smelling like a whole cupboard of product. Once he was dressed, the effect had mellowed out to a pleasant aura of cleanliness and masculinity. The lines of his suit were pin-straight, and John felt rather more than unkempt in his jeans. The contractor hadn't noticed.
John jolted awake, drenched in sweat, breathing so hard he could barely get any air. There was a sob caught in his throat, but he held it there, swallowed around it, bit it back. His left hand was numb. When he tried to lift his hands to his face, it refused to cooperate. He struggled to a sitting position and dragged that hand into his lap with the other, prying open his own fingers and bending his elbow to get the blood moving again.
He grinned and moved his hand to cover the hard ridge of my prick, where it tented my drawers up. My hips jerked up into the pressure and I gasped as he gripped me through the fabric. He began massaging me slowly like that, rubbing up and down my shaft and playing with my tip with his thumb. I let my eyes roll back in my head and gave myself over to the pleasure of it, grasping at his bare back and the sheet beneath me.
taken today, John," he said.
I raised an eyebrow.
John stood up, a little awkwardly, and adjusted himself in his jeans. His cock was straining against the leg of his trousers. Sherlock's own erection stood out unashamedly from his body, constrained only in the most abstract sense by his trousers. John glanced down at it, blushed, and took Sherlock's hand.
"I think you insisted on carrying me over the threshold, which in retrospect I object to."
“No,” I agree. “Come.”
Perhaps the intimacy had always been there, only I had never noticed it. Nothing felt different, I told myself, except that
John shook his head, cutting Lestrade off, but couldn't find it in him to say
"You won't understand my ranking system," Sherlock said, already flipping pages in his notebook.
"Mike," the man said, and this must have been the man Mike had promised him, "can you hand me that thermometer?"
"I think you left some track bottoms upstairs," Sherlock said, finally dragging his eyes away from John. He brushed his hands together, apparently remembered where they'd been, and went unsteadily into the kitchen. Invisible around the corner, he turned the sink on and let it run.
“Cheers,” I muttered.
Watson shrugged mutely.
"John," he gasped, warning me, though the warning was unnecessary. His body was clenching, his internal muscles clamping down on my fingers. I resisted them, still fucking him as his hips rose, and then they began to pulse around me. He cried out, his head thrown back, and a gush of fluid soaked my hand and wrist. He shuddered hard, his moans loud, as the orgasm went through him in waves. My own cock ached with the need to join him. I rubbed against him a little harder, working my hips in time with my thrusting hand.
"Paul Dimmock, your chef who nearly cut his own hand off this evening."
Sherlock bared his teeth, his nostrils flaring, but John glared right back. After a moment, Sherlock deflated a little. Then, without a word, he turned on his heel and was out the back door before John could blink.
. "I want to serve meals that amaze people," he said. "I want them to know how clever we are."
He is mine to care for. He is
The water was hot on my bare thighs, my bollocks, my torso up to my ribs. The level of it rose as I sank down, but didn't top the sides. I wished I'd thought to surround the bath with towels, for I expected full well that we might splash. My feet were between Watson's thighs, my arse between his feet. I tucked my toes under his legs. He spread my knees with his hands and leaned forward to cup my face.
"I think it's fantastic," Clara said, putting her elbows on the table and folding her hands. She had a little bit of a lisp that she clearly had worked to diminish. It endeared her to Sherlock at once, although her dismissal of the other two's passive-aggressive not-quite-compliments certainly helped. "This is an incredible construction of flavours, and the sequence of them so far has been just amazing. My compliments."
excellent sex.
I could hear his careful breathing, stoppered when my cock sank deep into his throat and light and fast when he pulled back ton tongue at my head. It inflamed me, to think that his attention was so focused on my pleasure. I knew it brought him his. I carded my fingers through his hair and urged him to get on with it.
"All… right…" John said.
I unlocked the door at Baker Street and went upstairs as quietly as I could. The fire was banked in the grate and a cold supper sat upon the table; otherwise the flat was empty and dismal. I loved it here, centred in this city of millions, and yet sometimes it was so impossibly lonely. I could picture Watson occupying the other armchair opposite the fire. It would suit him so well.
Bloody hell, I did love him. Not only that, but I was quite undeniably
My fears were all realized in 1888, when the case that would alter the course of my career introduced him to the late Mary Watson née Morstan. She was a lovely young woman, and in another circumstance I could perhaps have admired her, but she caught Watson's eye and I knew immediately that this was something different.
“You didn’t stay,” I said, crossing the room to embrace him from behind.
When I was upright, I gathered him into my arms and peppered his face with kisses. He squirmed and laughed, off balance, catching hold of my shirt’s shoulders.
"Charming," said I. "I'm sure you don't mean it."
know the event manager. And I’m not in catering anymore, remember?”
She closed the door with a huff, but didn't slam it, and John listened to her descend the stairs in her little heeled shoes.
, I thought to myself. None of it wasted, of course, for who else would I bother to fall in love with but this man? It wasn't as if waiting on him was keeping me from anyone else.
Finally his prick was out in the air, rigid and pointing unashamedly at Sherlock's face. Unceremoniously, Sherlock licked the tip, making John jolt and gasp, and then buried his nose in the thick curls of hair that surrounded its base. He stroked John's cock from root to tip, encircling it completely in his big hand, and his tongue flickered against the root.
"Holmes," Watson said, "do me a favour and remove the towel."
"Any hopes?" I asked. "Any resolutions?"
"Res—? Oh!" He was giving me a significant look. I drew out my pocket watch. "Why, noon, my dear boy."
I dropped my pocket magnifier on the floor and turned to stare at him. "I
We looked at each other, each doing our own set of maths. "Fourteen?" "Fifteen years?"
"Pish," Mrs Hudson said, not unkindly. "Come on, I'll give you the grand tour."
