“I’m fine now…” he managed out, his voice sounding strangely hollow. John eyed him uneasily, his own hands falling into his lap as the two of them fell silent once more.
“No, STOP!” Sherlock’s hand was shaking, holding the tiny bottle in his long fingers as Moriarty raised his eyebrows, glancing at it briefly before lowering his gun.
The wooden floor of the stage met his vision and he faltered slightly. Was this what hell was like? Having to sit here for an eternity next to your boyfriend’s lifeless, dead body? Seemed fitting. Sherlock turned his head to his right and blinked once, freezing up when he saw the spot where John’s body should be was now empty.
“What did I do this time? Shoot you? Kill Lestrade?” he asked numbly as John eyed him carefully for a moment.
Sherlock relaxed a bit in his chair, his pale fingers tapping against the leather armrest beside him before clearing his throat and nodding once, looking fixedly at something in the kitchen in front of him.
“Sherlock, I don’t think you’ve thought this through.” This time he got a hum in response, Sherlock finally taking his leftover papers and shoving them into his desk before turning around, gathering the huge pile of trash with his long arms and awkwardly shoving it into a bag, still not paying much attention.
John sat up immediately, keeping one arm around Rosie’s now sleeping frame as he leaned against the table.
Sherlock still looked confused, opening and closing his mouth as if he wanted to say something. John merely turned his head down, doing anything and everything to distract himself from the look on his face. “Did you bring anything home?” he asked quietly, reaching over and gently pulling Sherlock’s coat from his shoulders. He let out a small breath of relief when he saw Sherlock shaking his head in response, moving his arms around slightly so that John could pull it off.
He debated calling out for John; he was probably still fast asleep in the living room, and judging from the dim lighting out it was still early. He shifted his head slightly and groaned immediately, his head throbbing painfully in protest at the movement. He closed his eyes, sucking in a deep breath before pushing himself to sit up slowly, his entire body screaming at him to stop. His stomach churned fitfully, slowly piecing together the fact that he hadn’t eaten anything in probably close to two days.
The week went on normally; they managed to solve yet another case before the weekend hit, and as a sort of reward the sun finally came out in London, the dreary weather finally coming to an end by the time Friday night rolled around. Sherlock had immediately jumped on the opportunity to finally go out to dinner for Rosie, and the three of them found themselves at a small diner on the other side of London that evening, the hustle and bustle of people constantly filtering in and out giving them a nice sense of privacy in their secluded booth in the back corner.
“You’re right, we haven’t. The game is on, once again.” He winked and John laughed, shaking his head before Sherlock pressed a kiss to the top of his head before leaving the room once more.
Sherlock’s brain was running a mile a minute, his eyes scanning the area around his flat. He could feel his heart rate begin to speed up slightly, his hands clenching and unclenching inside of his pockets. Nothing looked out of place or weird; frankly, it all seemed to blur together. Same sidewalk, same street signs, same street lights…
6 glass vials, each ranging in different size, hit the wood with dull thumping noises. John scrambled to keep them from rolling off, catching a couple with his hands as Moriarty threw the bag somewhere off the stage behind him, beginning to pace again.
Sherlock had opted for shoving his hands into his coat pockets, staring absentmindedly at something above John’s head, blinking slowly.
He quickly took Rosie’s face and pushed it to rest against his neck, begging her to shut her eyes. She wrapped her arms around him once more, refusing to lift her head up again as he finally turned to face it head on.
Sherlock was a mess, to say the least. His hair was a tangled mess of curls on top of his head, his jaw and chin littered with dark stubble. He was wearing his dark blue bathrobe, his pale arms crossed over his chest. He looked strangely out of place, being dressed like that and not at Baker Street. John felt a pang of uneasiness in his stomach at the thought of their old flat, now in charred ruins. He was scared at how similar he looked to how he did a few weeks earlier, full of drugs and God knows what else, just a couple steps away from death.
His eyes were red and puffy, his face looking even more sunken in and gaunt than it had just a few hours before in the kitchen. He still had a miserable look on his face, his mouth turned down in a slight frown as he reached up and wiped his face slowly, his fingers lingering against the sallow skin for a moment before dropping his hands once more.
He heard his therapist, Rachel, click her pen a couple times, an annoying habit that he wished she didn’t do. He lifted his head up slowly, finally meeting her gaze once more. She was a small woman, probably in her early 30’s with dark brown skin and thin braids that fell past her shoulders. She had kind eyes, the type that made you want to smile despite however you might be feeling. Her voice was a bit deep, but had a comforting warmth to it, maternal in a way. He’d found her immediately upon his return to London, far away from the city and near the countryside in an effort to shake the uneasiness he’d had in finding a new one. He hated to admit it, but he had developed a sort of dependence on therapy after all of these years. All in all, she was very nice; John really just wanted to yank that stupid pen from her hands.
John blinked slowly as Sherlock swallowed thickly before nodding his head a couple times, still avoiding his eyes. “Yes, I do.”
He can feel Sherlock sit up beside him, the bed moving slightly and creaking beneath the weight and he can feel his eyes on him, as if trying to bore holes into the side of his face.
“John, look...he’s just scared, that’s why he’s yelling…” John sighed, coming to a stop at a sidewalk on the outskirts of the square before turning to face him.
John put Rosie to bed half an hour later, stroking her cheek gently as she wriggled around in her crib, Sherlock’s music still faintly heard through the walls. “I’m sorry, my love…” he murmured, touching a lock of her hair gently. “Hopefully it stops soon…”
“Sherlock?” All he got in return were a few weird glances from passersby on the street, and he could feel the panic begin to rise within him like a fire.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders immediately, locking him in a protective embrace, letting out a ragged sigh into his hair. “John…” he breathed out quietly, listening as John immediately exhaled in response, his face automatically going into the crook of his neck.
“Me and you until the end, John…I promise...” he’d murmured breathlessly, his breath hot against John’s neck as he curled into his side, and John swore he’d never feel that feeling of pure love again.
“Hold on, you’re not allowed inside! They’re preparing for a private performance, mate!” Sherlock blinked at the man in confusion, taking in his uniform and probably well hidden taser at his side.
John swallowed uneasily, pushing the door slightly behind him but not fully shutting it. John took a step forward, Sherlock still not reacting, before he decided to walk all the way over to the bed. He bit his lip carefully, suddenly wanting nothing more than to touch him but deciding against it. It was never a good idea to make physical contact when someone was this distraught...especially Sherlock.
All of his skin was exceptionally pale tonight, but John figured it was the cold December weather in London that was doing it to him. Still, Sherlock’s room was always very warm, and he’d opted out of wearing a shirt entirely to go to bed, something John was slightly confused with but never complained about. There was a smattering of purplish bruises littering the side of his ribcage, from a case last week that ended up with the two of them fighting off the culprit in the dark (Sherlock hadn’t been prepared; John was.)
“Clues, think about clues...what could he have left…” Sherlock blinked again, squinting his eyebrows slightly as he muttered to himself. There was the note; short and to the point. He’d spent hours upon hours the first few weeks after he’d received it analyzing the small piece of paper for anything strange, anything out of the ordinary, and had found nothing. The handwriting was a perfect match for Moriarty’s, no mistake there. He hadn’t let much room for interpretation; he said what he had to say and that was it.
“I absolutely hated that wine, I don’t know how she drank so much.” John smirked and shrugged, closing the door behind him before locking it for the night.
“That will be all, thank you for this lovely waste of my time, Robert.” His voice was short and cold and the man scrambled up suddenly, panic-stricken.
His parents were buried on the farthest left side, closest to the ocean. He and Harry had both decided that was best; the beach had been their favorite place, where their house was and where they’d always spent their summers.
“Please, I don’t know what else to do, the police are no help…” He sat down in the chair, close to tears and John frowned, sitting in his. He was young, probably hadn’t been married for long at all and now his spouse was gone.
He spotted Sherlock immediately, standing by himself in front of the building’s wall. There was a crowd of people gathered behind and around him, although they all kept their distance. John immediately crossed over to his side, trying to ignore the way everyone was mumbling and whispering around him, pointing towards the grey bricked wall.
“Hm, I think he left already…he was a real gentlemen, sat at the bar over there and insisted he pay for your meal.” Sherlock blinked slowly, narrowing his eyes slightly in confusion.
John merely stared at him for a moment, tilting his head to the side dumbfoundedly. “Since when have you considered yourself a moral person about anything?”
They ventured their way back to Baker Street afterwards, where a small crowd of cameras and people were gathered by the door, all yelling questions at them as they got out of their cab.
He smiled to himself, listening as Sherlock walked in and sat down beside John, his knee brushing up against his own as the two of them watched Rosie peacefully.
As Moriarty’s face got bloodier and bloodier, he finally seemed to understand. His fingers were slick and wet with the red liquid, his breathing heavy and labored as he kept punching.
“Not necessarily; maybe it’s grief. I saw Mary all the time after she died, and I wasn’t on any drugs.” Sherlock’s face hardened at that, bringing his head down slowly. John shrugged, reaching out to hold onto his knee.
“I’m going to bed...no work tomorrow, so um...Rosie and I will be hanging out together, if you want to…” His voice faded; Sherlock was staring painfully at the floor, his lips pressed together tightly as John spoke. He looked up when he stopped and quickly snapped out of it, his face taking on a normal persona again as he nodded once.
“Ah, she’s awake. I’ll be right back.” He turned quickly to leave the two brothers to talk, hoping for once they’d actually make some progress.
Sherlock kept quiet, staring at him for a second more before breaking eye contact and turning to Lestrade. “I need to get upstairs with the body. Get John and Rosie a cab home, will you?”
“Yeah, alright. Thank you.” He hung up immediately, his fingers already ready to dial Mycroft’s number when he heard the loud swinging of a door opening downstairs, the knob making loud contact with the wall. He froze up, looking towards his flat door before he heard the creaking of the main door being shut downstairs. He heard footsteps next, some of them heavier than the others, as well as a groggy mumbling noise that got consistently louder as the person reached the top of the stairs. John got up quickly, still clutching his phone in his hand before he lunged for the door, swinging it open just in time to see who it was.
“Yes,” he replied, his voice weak. John fell silent, staring down at the tile floor beneath them. He couldn’t very well argue with him and try to force him; John hadn’t eaten either, anyway.
Great was right now, this time in his life where he lived with his boyfriend and daughter and nothing bad was happening to him.
John watched in amusement from his chair as Sherlock fought with his daughter for the utensil, Molly snorting into her tea every time he failed. She finally surrendered it after a few minutes, setting it on the tray as Rosie yawned. She was sitting in Sherlock’s lap now, her head resting against his chest as she lounged on him lazily, one of his large hands wrapped around her front to keep her from falling.
“Have you eaten today? Or...in the last couple of days?” Sherlock finished swallowing, carefully screwing the lid back on before furrowing his brow slightly, like he always did before he lied to John.
“What kind of things are we going to need?” he asked pointedly, and Sherlock blinked at him, setting his jaw rigidly.
“‘M too tired,” he muttered in response, his voice thick with sleep and John sighed, rolling onto his back as the knocking got louder.
“Can I just...can I ask…” He furrowed his brow a bit, gaze darting back towards Sherlock and then at John once again. “Are you two, like...a couple?”
John hadn’t actually experienced Sherlock having an attack yet, but he had dealt with them many times while in the army and understood what was acceptable and what wasn’t. He kept his hands resting at his side, resisting the urge to run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, anxiously running his thumbs along his own fingertips. The crying was getting worse, and he knew it, but touching him at all was just going to ruin everything. Instead, he just sat there with his heart in his throat, watching his boyfriend’s head bob up and down with each shaky breath he took, his hands slowly loosening their grip on his arms.
His thoughts were interrupted with a muffled noise coming from down the hall, one that sounded slightly static and distorted. Sherlock frowned a bit, pushing his comforter off his body and towards the left side of the bed. He hadn’t expected John to be there, but...it still felt strange.
“Do it for him, for John. We can’t have you going out and getting killed all for his sake. He’d never forgive you.”
And so Sherlock leaned down and did just that. He kissed him like it was their first time, kissed him like they didn’t have enough time in the world, kissed him like it was the last chance they had to. His once numb body was beginning to feel again, the warmth from John’s touches spreading through him like wildfire. It was all tongue and messy and probably not appropriate for the public (or his brother’s) eye, but Sherlock really couldn’t find it in him to care whatsoever. All that mattered right now was this, was him, was John.
“Right. Well...Jody had told me she was gonna be late, so I didn’t think much when she hadn’t called me before midnight. She doesn’t go out often, but...her friends insisted…” His voice trailed off and John watched Sherlock’s eyes fly open in annoyance.
“If it’s Mrs. Hudson, tell her to fuck off in the nicest way possible.” John rolled his eyes, rubbing at his face once more before pulling himself out of bed, sleepily picking his discarded clothes from the night before off the floor and getting dressed before walking out, yawning as the knocking got louder.
“YOU-TOOK-HIM-AWAY-FROM-ME!” His voice was absolutely guttural, each word resulting in more contact with his face, and suddenly Moriarty coughed violently, taking a loud gasp for air as he finished yelling. Sherlock lifted his hands shakily, the pain finally beginning to settle in them as he blinked down at Moriarty, his vision suddenly blurring with tears once again. His chest throbbed painfully, a deep ache that seemed to resonate throughout his entire body. He felt his shoulders fall as he dropped his hands to the stage, choking down his own sobs as silence fell between them.
Sherlock smiled and slid off the counter, waving him out. “Go see your daughter, I’ll finish this.” John huffed loudly at him in an attempt to show him he was being a smart ass once again, but Sherlock merely ignored him and turned to the now boiling kettle as John walked out, making a beeline for the door and opening it.
Being normal equaled having some sense of emotional stability...which, John figured he did. Sherlock...well, he was sure Sherlock had never been any sort of stable in his entire life, and that was okay because now they had this life together, this life full of cases and adventures and Rosie and even though it was strange at times, it was okay. It was fine.
For a moment, Sherlock could hear absolutely nothing except for the blood that was pounding furiously in his ears. Time seemed to slow down; his feet stayed rooted in place as Moriarty walked towards the side of the stage, and John emerged from the back.
He’d jumped out of the way in fear that Sherlock would quite literally explode or fall off the couch, or a combination of both, but he didn’t. He’d merely stared at John for a few moments, his expression of shock slowly fading into a small smile, his cheeks slightly pink, before he looked back down at his book and continued to read.
“Do we have a client scheduled?” he asked, rubbing his eyes as Sherlock shook his head, his face still buried into the pillows.
John can’t really remember the details of the case now; something about a woman believing her dead brother was harassing people on the streets of London. Sherlock hadn’t particularly liked the case, but John had insisted it was just what they needed, as things had been a bit boring for a couple weeks. After giving her description to Scotland Yard, Greg had asked the two of them to scope out the streets of London for a sign of him, not drawing any attention, just to see if the woman was right.
Lestrade appeared a few seconds later, giving Moriarty a slightly smug but mostly disgusted look. “Thought we got rid of you years ago,” he said pointedly, earning a haughty laugh on Moriarty’s part.
It happened quickly; John turned on his heel and nearly ran back towards the bed. Sherlock barely had time to react before John was on the mattress once more, his knees hitting the blankets for a split second before his hands were on the side of the detective’s face, cupping his cheeks with slightly sweaty palms as the space between them was closed once more.
Sherlock was sitting straight up in bed, his chest rising and falling rapidly like he’d just run a marathon. His pale hands were trembling horribly at his sides, his eyes squeezed shut as he struggled to catch his breath. He didn’t seem to notice John was in the room at all, instead gripping the cream colored comforter beneath him, clutching onto it for what seemed like dear life.
Rosie didn’t seemed bothered; her eyes were drooping shut before her father could finish speaking, and John quickly turned on her baby monitor before leaving and shutting the door carefully behind him.
After a moment, John sighed heavily, simply for the sake of breaking the silence. He shifted Rosie gently on his side, chewing on his lip for a second before opening his mouth.
John nearly opened his mouth to yell again before Sherlock slowly began to set his tea down on the table, sitting back up and leaning against one of the pillows slightly, bringing his hands to his mouth as he usually did, giving John a long look.
“Can you tell me what’s so...void about it?” John stared at her for a moment, squinting his eyes slightly at her calm face. It was a vague question.
“I didn’t take that much,” he drawled almost lazily, blinking a few times. John sighed loudly, rubbing his eyes wearily before stalking across the room and grabbing ahold of his arm, yanking the sleeve up.
He pushed aside yet another bottle, staring down the remaining 3 carefully. All he could hear was his own blood rushing through his ears, and tried not to focus on the way his hands were trembling now.
And, despite how much he hoped and prayed that it wouldn’t, John figured that the whole facade had to end sometime.
“I brought you someone this time, his name is Sherlock, and he’s…” He fell silent, running the toe of his shoe across the dirt for a moment before smiling to himself. “He’s really, really special to me. He wanted to come meet you himself, for Christmas…”His voice faltered and cracked a bit, but he merely cleared his throat and took a step back, gesturing to the headstones. “Have at it, then.”
“Sherlock…” He got a muffled grunt in response, more pieces of paper flying over his shoulder. John sighed a bit, going back to his box of books on the floor between his feet. He grabbed the remaining few and crossed the room to the bookshelf, stacking them up in the leftover space, his fingers leaning heavily over the spines for a moment before he dropped his hands, turning abruptly.
“John, stop! Just stop, okay?! I don’t need your help, and I don’t WANT your help! Now go home!” For a moment, John couldn’t say anything. He felt Rosie stir against his chest, bringing her hands up to cover her small ears but he remained silent. Sherlock kept glaring at him, his chest rising and falling quickly before he turned swiftly on his feel, yanking his coat closed over his body before pushing open the building doors, storming inside.
He tried his best to sweep past his flat door without being noticed, but of course Mrs. Hudson was near the doorway with Rosie, making a beeline for him as soon as he tried to skip past.
“Not now. Don’t, please. It’s okay.” Sherlock stared back at him painfully, pursing his lips slightly as John’s hands came to rest on either side of his face. “It’s gonna be okay.”
“Oh, by the way, to answer your question; yes, my boyfriend really IS a genius.” He reached his foot out and stepped onto his bleeding leg, getting a loud, anguished scream from him in return. He lowered the gun then, dropping his hands to his sides before turning to face Sherlock and, despite the entire fucking situation, giving him a soft smile.
Remaining silent, Sherlock merely glanced towards the direction of the front doors, another loud crack of thunder sounding out around them. He heard Moriarty cluck his tongue disapprovingly, sighing dramatically.
John scoffed loudly, playfully pushing his hands away before flopping back down on the bed, rolling on his side so that his back was facing him. “Dammit Sherlock, right when you were getting soft.”
“I..I took a shortcut, and you…” His voice faltered suddenly as Sherlock pulled his hands back in front of him, a large flower bouquet in one of them. John closed his mouth, falling silent as Sherlock reached down to fix one of the tulip petals, the cellophane rustling loudly against his coat. He glanced up at John’s sudden silence, frowning at him.
That’s how things were now; solving cases, taking care of Rosie, going to bed with each other every single night. And that’s how things were going to be for the rest of their lives, as far as John was concerned. They’d already gone through enough shit together to last a thousand lifetimes; there wasn’t going to be anymore.
Other days she was perfectly content in his lap, playing with one of her toys and laying against his chest while Sherlock held her up with one hand, the other messing with his microscope as he peered into it, talking to himself as usual.
It was hard to find himself at peace, despite knowing the fact that he was about to die. He mostly just felt numb; all that talk about your life flashing before your eyes right before you die was bullshit. Even if it did, all Sherlock was going to see was John collapsing on the ground, on a loop in his head. That was his final act upon the Earth...not being able to save John Watson.
“We could hand her off to Lestrade for a few minutes? He has child-rearing experience. She seems to not hate him when he comes around to deliver us cold case files.”
John sagged back against Sherlock’s chest and waited, giving his genius time to register everything John just said to him. After about ten seconds, Sherlock reached to his right side to squirt a glob of shower gel on John’s upper belly. He gently lifted John’s left arm, bent it, and set his hand to the centre of his belly, and brought his own arm to join it, supporting it from below. He dragged his right palm and collected some of the shower gel and slid his hand past John’s belly button and into the nest of curls cushioning his cock.
“I’ve literally never heard you say that while we’re pursuing a suspect. And not in many other instances, come to think of it.” A sly grin.
He could only shake his head. “You're lovely, Sherlock. I can’t believe this. This is happening. You’re so lovely, and you’re mine, at least I hope you’re mine, and I’ve never loved anyone like I’ve loved you and you’re doing this with me, and I’m not sure how I should feel about it.” He gasped for breath, the enormity of their circumstance pushed all of those words out in one go.
“Can we stop talking now? I have a headache.” Sherlock laughed against John’s neck until sleep pulled them both down into its sweet depth.
“I know he is. And you’re his. But today? What I saw? That wasn’t just two mates who like hanging out with one another. You two? That’s some next-level shit.”
(I took a bit of creative liberty with the flowers they see during their excursion. The flower wouldn’t have been in bloom at the time of year they were there, but for fun’s purpose, I said it was.)
Rosie was unfazed by the commotion happening in the kitchen. “I wuv him, too. Iz fine, Daddy. Can I caw him wuv, too?” Sherlock dropped the spoon he was using to the floor. It bounced off the linoleum.
“Oh! Don’t bring Rosie into this! You’ve been this way since we met! I have you both! At least I hope I have you; especially now.” The look on John’s face could best be described as beseeching.
Molly walked through the entrance to 221B with a bag of pastries. (It also looked as though she was trying to smuggle something into the flat in a pie box.)
“John, I haven’t known you for very long, and I know virtually nothing about Sherlock. But what I have seen or intuited here, I can only say it looks to be one of the most ridiculous tropes that usually only exist in shitty rom-coms. Mutual pining, but, in this movie, each person thinks the other doesn’t love them back.”
“I’m a cynical dick, Sherlock. I’ve been to therapy. You’ve met both of my therapists. I don’t know how to be happy, Sherlock. I’ve tried to let myself enjoy people, things, events; but I’m always waiting for the rug-pull. Nothing good in my life ever stays. I don’t know if I’ve ever actually been happy. I don’t know if I know what that actually feels like.”
“It’s all right, John. I’m doing this for you. Always for you. I love you. I love you more than everything. Come, John. Please. I need to see you come in my hand.”
Sherlock located the bottle and passed it back to John. His left hand released Sherlock’s left hand and flicked the cap open as soon as it was in his grasp.
A sudden shot of empathy ascended my spine and settled at the base of my skull, a headache trying to fester itself into existence. I wished that Mary and I could’ve reached that level of maturity instead of me stooping to an emotional affair and the two of us constantly sniping at each other before she died.
“NO!” Sherlock was frightened by the tone of John’s voice. John was never panicked. The combination of doctor and soldier didn’t leave much room for such things.
“I didn’t mean to pressure you. If you’re not ready for that sort of thing, I’m not ready for it either. We’re in this thing together.” John kissed Sherlock’s shoulder, rubbing his nose against the softness of the fabric of Sherlock’s dressing gown.
John could feel the scars again on Sherlock’s back as his right hand flitted across the injured expanse of flesh. Sherlock lifted his head and looked at John, realisation finally hitting him. They’d never had this conversation. Sherlock had made it a point of keeping this from him. He never walked around the flat shirtless after he came home from Serbia. Even during the last few months, even while sleeping together in the same bed, Sherlock made sure to never expose his back to John. He wore a t-shirt every night and never changed in front of him. Even during their liaison in the shower, Sherlock never revealed his back.
Sherlock knelt on the floor of the car and held John’s hand. He wanted desperately to put his arms around him, but there wasn’t enough room to do so, and he was also wary of hurting him in his current state. He brought John’s left hand to his mouth and kissed and kissed it until the sound of sirens cut through their tense silence.
“Am I in a situation and am completely unaware of it?” Sherlock would most likely have agreed with my assessment.
John shook his hands dry, flinging cherry-scented droplets around the small room. He jogged towards the kitchen and barrelled into the room, with no regard for his own safety.
“If you’d like, we could discuss that. Think of ways to tell her about Mary, anecdotes and the like. We’ll most definitely leave the murdering aspect of Mary’s CV out of the conversation until Rosamund is old enough to hear about it.”
She reached across the table and set a hand atop one of my own. I turned my palm and held her hand and she squeezed my fingers. “That is a fantastic place to start.”
Sherlock took a deep breath to try to relax. “I put her to bed about fifteen minutes ago. She’s fine. Let’s worry about you right now, shall we?” With that sentiment, John vomited again. Sherlock got on his knees beside John and ran his fingers through John’s hair and then up and down his neck while he was bent over the toilet. Sherlock reached for a flannel from the nearest towel rail and wiped the sweat that had accumulated along John’s hairline. He kissed John’s nape.
“I knew it. I could see it on his face that afternoon when you came to visit Sherlock after he’d come home. His face when he saw you, John; I’ve never seen that look on his face before. I’ve never seen him look at someone like that. I’ve never heard him speak of someone as fondly and he has of you and now your little girl.”
“Shit. I can’t. Shit.” He inadvertently broke the sexiness of the moment. Sherlock laughed. “I can get the other side; get in while I finish disrobing.” John turned towards the shower but looked over his shoulder at the picture Sherlock made:
“Get over here! I need a nurse to help me with this ice pack! It keeps flopping off my shoulder. And now I have this little monkey here, so I can’t hold it in place myself!” He softly tickled Rosie’s side as she settled in beside him. She tucked her head against his chest and was quickly ensconced in John’s half embrace. Sherlock felt a pang at that visual. Even though he had no reason for feeling it.
“Mary? Your Mary? Shot my boy?” Mrs. Holmes sat back against her chair, her hands squeezing the armrests.
“I go with you if it’s time for you. Not gonna be apart from you again.” John’s thrusts intensified, his aim for Sherlock’s prostate unerring.
“John. I just want to say that, that I was emotionally indigent for long periods of my life. Now? I’m embarrassingly wealthy. You are loved, and loved ardently. You and Rosamund.”
“Not to diminish what you’ve both just told us, but I believe I can speak for my wife when I say we’ve always considered Rosie to be a part of this family as soon as she was born. Our boy loved that girl as if she was his own from the moment he met her. Don’t concern yourself with the formalities, John.”
Sherlock opened his arms. John set the mugs down on the night table and let himself be held as they swayed. Here comes the sun, indeed.
The surgery lasted five and a half hours. He was kept company by Lestrade, Mycroft, and Rosie, who came home from the first term of her first year at university, despite John telling her not to disrupt her studies. Sherlock and Rosie took him home and helped him up the stairs to the flat. His sciatic pain was relieved by the surgery. John wasn’t allowed to lift more than two and a half kilograms: no bending, twisting, squatting, or climbing for at least eight weeks, pending a follow-up and a series of x-rays.
“Oh, sweetheart. Oh no.” John’s left hand drifted over the raised lines and then suddenly stopped. He pressed his front to Sherlock’s back and draped his left arm across Sherlock’s belly.
Before he could even finish asking for the serviette, Sherlock was reaching forward with his right hand, his thumb grazing across the drop of sauce clinging to John’s 5 o'clock shadowed chin.
They woke two hours later, a bit after nine. Rosie was snoring softly, and it seemed Sherlock was as well. John woke sandwiched between his little girl and his best friend. The proximity of his best friend was unexpected, but he laid there and thought about the situation for a few seconds. He hadn’t felt this safe in a very long time. Sherlock was draped along his back, his left hand still cupped around his shoulder, still holding the now warm ice pack. John tilted his head back and saw Sherlock’s right hand was touching his hair. His fingers were splayed across John’s forehead. He chuckled as quietly as his feelings would let him. He felt his hair rub against Sherlock’s face.
“Oh. Sherlock. I love you in that. Your skin. It looks so beautiful against that colour. As much as I love seeing you in it, I would really love to see you out of it. Come here, love.” John patted the side of the bed he wasn’t occupying and lifted the duvet. He was already undressed. Sherlock gulped. As he walked towards the bed, he removed the dressing gown and hung it up on the hook on their door. He slipped beneath the sheets and duvet and turned to face John.
“Yes. All right.” Sherlock slipped on his oxford’s but didn’t bother to lace them. His face remained blank as he yanked on his leather gloves. As if having invisible strings snipped, he dropped to the floor and landed on his knees with a thud, narrowly missing a sizeable piece of glass.
“When I was in Afghanistan, in Helmand, there is a place where the Helmand river separates the valley from the desert. It is one of the most beautiful places I’ve ever seen. The contrast of the two completely opposite sides running parallel along the strip of water slicing through them. I’ve also been to America. I saw The Grand Canyon. Standing there, you’ll never feel more insignificant. And I was in absolute awe of it. The silence was so loud, if that makes sense. I went to Greece with my army mates when we were granted a leave; Santorini is spectacular. I also visited a hometown of one of my Canadian army mates; he was from Ontario, and his family lived about thirty minutes from Niagara Falls. The Niagara River is one of the scariest and most powerful things I’ve ever seen.” John paused and Sherlock turned onto his left side and watched John as he reflected on his past, but remained silent. Sherlock was getting better at realising when people were working up to saying what was really on their minds.
“Now you know how I feel when you’re out at the shops without me. I still ask you to throw me a pen on occasion.”
Dinner had been kedgeree for the grown-ups, and macaroni and cheese with fish fingers for Rosie (She had a forkful of the kedgeree and didn’t make a sour face. Success.)
“Well, I’m not a neurosurgeon, but I do know that the surgery is going to lay me up for a bit. I’m going to have some restrictions: Things I shouldn't lift. No twisting, bending, or lifting. I’ll have to take it easy on the stairs. Maybe get a walker frame for the first few weeks.”
Sherlock was waiting in the car park, sitting behind the wheel. John got in the car and there were no words spoken during the ride home.
They’ve been sleeping together for five years. John was Sherlock’s first intimate partner. They’ve been married for three years and known each other for ten. And Sherlock still got shy when the subject came down to sex. It was very endearing.
Sherlock turned slowly, his arms to his sides. John’s face looked hopeful. Hopeful? That couldn’t be right. His eyes were certainly playing tricks on him.
“That affection you have for him. The ease you two have with one another. I read your blog. I listen when you talk about him at work; which is a helluva lot, by the way. And even in that short interaction I just witnessed today, Mary would’ve had to have been blind to not see what you both mean to the other.”
They managed to get Rosie settled into bed around half-seven. After they both gave her a kiss goodnight, they made their way down the stairs together.
“If you’ve got an experiment on or, if you wanted to watch Rosie’s film in the sitting room, I should be fine.”
He heard another squirt and heard Sherlock sigh. That was the first time he’s touched himself since they started. Sherlock pushed himself between John’s knees and kissed each one. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to John’s erection and it twitched in response.
How do you tell someone that the biggest mystery of your life has just worked itself out so simplistically on a picnic bench in Regent’s Park?
Sherlock looked around as though there was someone else in the room tall enough to reach the radio. Then he looked up at John, who nodded.
Cara swiped at the corner of her mouth with a serviette, a bit of mayonnaise on her lower lip. “Are you being intentionally obtuse?” Her eyes grew wide as she held her sandwich in between us and pointed it in my general direction.
“I’m not a twit, John. I know I’m a good-looking bird. I’ve had plenty of people tell me so. But not you. You tell me how much I remind you of Sherlock. I see it a bit. I also have my own eyes, and the blind would be able to tell that Sherlock is more than fit. He’s downright gorgeous. And I know that you know that.”
“It did, Sherlock. Every time we’re together, it’s just, not to sound plebeian about it, it’s wonderful. It’s like that because it’s us.”
John knew the best way to get Sherlock out of his head was to get him talking, and if getting him to be a smug prat was the way to achieve that end, those were the means John was prepared to traverse.
“I don’t know what this means, what I’m about to say, in the grand scheme of the world. With over seven billion people on this Earth. But. The man that you are? Is the man I need, John.”
‘You are the only person who can break me, you know that? I’ve had a lot more experience with people than you. I’ve had my heart broken by quite a few people. But you…you are the one that can hurt me the most. Maybe that’s why I haven’t been able to say it to you, to tell you properly, how much you mean to me. How much I love you. Because I know you get bored. I’m afraid you’ll get bored of me and go. Change your mind, and see I’m not the conductor of light you thought I was. And I lived through that once, and that was a skin-of-my-teeth thing. I was barely holding on before you came back. I was trying to let go of you the day you came home. I went to your grave: I brought Mary with me. I told her things about you and me. She could tell I loved you. Never had to say it out loud. I’m glad I never told her. Your ears should’ve been the first to hear me say it. I love you. You’re a twat. Sometimes, I want to kick you in the arse, and sometimes I want to get your throat in my hands and give it a tight squeeze. But. All the time? I always want to be around you. I always want us to be together. And now? I just want to hug you and say I love you. And if you can deal with how fucked-up I am, I can deal with how fucked-up you are. And maybe we can try and be what we used to be.”
Sherlock stepped forward and cupped John’s chin with both of his hands. “If there was ever any doubt that I am yours, your disbelief will be quelled before we exit this shower. I’ve never loved anyone before. Not like this. And I’ve certainly never loved them enough to be in a situation of this magnitude. I didn’t know I had an ‘it’ before I met you, but you’re ‘it’ for me, John. No one else. Not before you. Not now. And not ever.”
“I’d never met anyone like you before. I saw your face across that table, and couldn’t believe what you were saying to me, what I thought you were asking me.”
“Hey. Look at me, okay? I’m good. Really. You’ve got our shoes, and I need a tea towel that we won’t mind binning after I get it bloodied. I’ll hold some pressure on it, it’ll clot up and I’ll see if I need any stitches. I can do that; save us a trip to A&E. No worries, Sherlock. Just put your shoes on and those gloves before you get started, yeah?”
“No problem. I. I’ll go serve up dinner for Watson and bring you an ice pack. Go settle yourself and I’ll be there in a minute.” With that, Sherlock hurled himself through the door and saw Rosie standing there looking up at him.
“John? Are you all right? Sherlock shook his head from side to side on his pillow, trying to understand why they were stopping.
“She almost put you in a grave, Sherlock!” The subject was still a poorly healed wound. Sherlock thought it would always be prone to be scratched open to bleed for the rest of their lives.
“I’ve already lost the plot with this thing, and I’ve only been wearing it for three hours.” He tipped his head forward and it landed on Sherlock’s shoulder. “This really sucks, Sherlock.”
“Oh. I meant to ask you if that was okay a few days ago. I’ve been teaching her to call you papa when she and I have been alone. It was meant to be a surprise, but I suppose I’ve ruined it.”
John got his right arm under Sherlock’s back for leverage and brought his left up to Sherlock’s face. Instinctively, Sherlock’s arms and legs wound themselves around John’s back and arse and squeezed, as he mimicked what John’d done all the times they’d done it that way.
“I’m fine, really. Already got the glass out, got this towel here, and I’m pressing it really hard. Might need seven or eight stitches, but I think it’s fine.”
“I honestly don’t think I’ve ever been more sure, or ready, for anything in my entire life.” John searched his face. There was no hint of fear. He looked a bit nervous, but likely a bit more along the lines of anticipation and excitement.
A laugh escaped John without permission. The shaking of his head was now due to Sherlock’s obvious sweetness. But, the laughter came with a price.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock released his seatbelt. He crawled across what was left of the front of the car to get to John and assess his condition. He was pinned under the steering column and part of the door. He legs were unseeable.
Sherlock shimmied across the bed into John’s arms. “I wish I could say I didn’t understand where you were coming from. I was invisible in my family. Harry came out and all my parents and she ever did after that was fight. Invisibility in your own life is a hard thing to overcome. Especially when that continued into adulthood. I always had a problem with being able to look forward because people never looked back. They moved on with their life, and never gave me a second glance as they walked away from me. I was always a stepping stone to something better, something greater than I could ever be for someone else.”
“Well, don’t let me stop you.” John sat back from my chest but was still facing me. I nodded for him to continue.
“I know, John. I understand. I know what it’s like to live without you and I don’t want you to have to do that again. I will do my very best to be mindful of our circumstances when I need to make a choice.”
“As I recall, I nodded and smiled, and then licked my lips. There may or may not have been a sound that resembled, ‘Oooh.’”
John laid there, holding Sherlock in his arms and he started to laugh. Sherlock felt him. He swallowed four times before he was able to speak.
“They’re in the box with the dessert we’re meant to have tonight! Maybe get them out of there, yeah?”
“Just because you’re an arrogant git doesn’t mean you’re not right almost all the time. You’ve rubbed off a bit.”
They were all on the floor around the coffee table, Rosie standing, staring with wide-eyes at the colourful brochures.
Sherlock whined. Low in his throat. The sound made John’s hip press forward on their own instinct. Sherlock whined again. John could feel it vibrate through Sherlock’s body into his own.
“This is going to happen. I’m going to unwrap you, and thank you for being here with me, ten years after we first met.”
After less than five minutes: “You’re really taking this helping stuff seriously, aren’t you?” John was grinning at the sling and ibuprofen gel on the coffee table in front of Sherlock’s knees.
“Sherlock. Rosie is here with us. I’ve been out of that sling for two weeks. I can’t lift a gallon of milk with my left side yet. If she is involved, and she runs, you’re going to want to chase her. She may still have the weapon used to create this case. I don’t fancy getting stabbed tonight. I’d rather you didn’t, either. And I’d really rather not have either of us explaining what happened to the other to Rosie. I’m sure that conversation is coming, but I’d rather it be after I’m able to hold her in my arms again without you helping me.”
“Certainly, my little bud. Just be careful of my shoulder, all right?” She climbed onto the cushion next to her father and settled against his right side, and she tucked her head against his chest. Sherlock poked his head into the room when there was a moment he didn’t have to stand over the cooker and stir the chilli.
John could only stand there and vainly try to control his breathing. Lestrade and his team screeched to a halt at the mouth of the alley to head off the suspect as she ran away from the blogger and his detective. She intended to distract, not to kill. At the sight of Sherlock’s blood dripping onto his Belstaff-clad shoulder, John forgot everything they’d been doing that night. Her mission had been accomplished.
“I hate to tell you this, John, but I think the way you’re feeling now, is probably going to be your new normal.” Sherlock looked at John and then the doctor. John’s face was frozen, impassive.
Sherlock moved his left arm out from under John’s back and pushed it under his neck. He brought his forehead to John’s and he opened his eyes and exclaimed “John!” as he spasmed and released inside John. He kept rocking inside him, pushing his belly against John’s cock.
“Most of my memories of you and me continue to make me smile. There are a few I’d like to forget, though.”
It had been a busy day tidying up the loose ends of a case at NSY with Greg and his team. Then they had to pick up Rosie early from school when she began showing early signs of a cold. After a stop at Boots for some medicine, they finally got her feeling better and down for the evening. It had not been easy.
“You figure out your issue while Molly and I go into the kitchen and gather some plates and make some coffee.”
“John. John. John.” He continued to press uncoordinated kisses to John’s injured shoulder. As he became more comfortable, his hips began a lovely rhythm.
John just watched him blink. He released Sherlock’s hip and leaned against the back of the toilet. He went on like that for close to thirty seconds. With a final, pronounced blink, he came back to himself.
“Let me get to the broom! You back out of here and into the sitting room. Your hands are shaking. I don’t want you cutting yourself!”
“Sherlock? It’s okay if you’re not ready for anything to happen tonight. I can try a shower on my own.”
“Oh sh---eets and blankets!!!” John’s eyes bugged out to the size of pound coins as he shifted Rosie from his right hip to his left. He quickly bent forward to set her tiny feet on the floor to the entrance to their flat. The keys to the main door fell from John’s hand to the floor.
“Don’t you ever leave me again, Sherlock.” John gasped the words against Sherlock’s shoulder. “Not like that.” He kissed Sherlock’s neck.
He woke John three hours later and made John finish the glass of water and swallow down two more paracetamol. He asked him the day of the week and the current name of their country's monarch. He didn’t know the answer to either question; he was just watching John as he answered. Complete confidence in his voice. That was good enough for Sherlock. He left for a few minutes to refill the glass and get some more ice. He resumed his position underneath John in their bed and let him sleep against his chest once more.
Sherlock woke on his back. He didn’t feel John’s presence in the room, so he sleepily dragged his arm and hand across the bed. His fear was confirmed. The bedclothes were still warm, so John hadn’t been gone for long. As he blinked himself to consciousness, he could hear music. He held his breath and listened. John was humming something in the kitchen, while he made, what sounded like coffee.
at that place. John glanced around the flat, forgetting that Sherlock was out, and had been out, for a few hours. He worked his breathing exercises and listened to the voice of Ella telling him to remain calm and just breathe. He did his best to not show his distress to Rosie. He’d never been more grateful for her three-year-old attention span than he had at that moment. By the very next commercial, she’d moved on to ads for her favourite cartoons. After twenty minutes of lightheadedness and sweating, John was able to control himself until Sherlock came home forty-five minutes later.
John rolled up the sleeve of his jumper and he pushed his left arm a bit over his chest, palm facing down. “I need you to grab my wrist and pull it towards the right side of my body. It feels like it’s only a partial dislocation.”
“I’m around you all the time. Your poshness has begun to influence me.” He sat up a bit, but let Sherlock hold him against his chest. The sound of Sherlock’s heartbeat enough to slow his own.
“Hey! Wait! She’s already in here. It sounds like smarty pants here turned off the DVD player by herself. Come back and have a kip with us!” John prayed Sherlock couldn’t tell he was holding his breath.
Banoffee pie. Oh dear. They were going to have to strategically disguise that before Rosie was able to see the box…
“John, that flower contains a genome fifteen times larger than a humans! I have to see what it look like on a microscope’s stage! Thank you, Watson!” Sherlock kissed her forehead and then her cheek.
“It’s okay, Sherlock.” He leaned forward and claimed Sherlock's lips and swallowed down every gasp as he began a slow drag inside him. They’ve done this hundreds of times. In so many ways. But it never gets old.
“We discussed this before we left home for this visit. I wanted you both to know...We’ve never told you because it never seemed to be the right time. And as time passed, it was harder and harder to bring it up and discuss it properly. But, before Sherlock and I take things further; at least as far as I’d like to take them...When Sherlock was shot; we both know who it was.”
“Thank you for wanting to raise your daughter with me. Thank you for seeing something in me that no one had ever seen before you. Thank you for marrying me and making my life so endlessly fascinating. Also, thanks for all the orgasms. They’re pretty great, too, I guess.” He winked at John through heavy-lidded eyes. John crawled over his body and Sherlock lifted his arms and his upper back from the bed. John slipped his remaining bonds over his head and Sherlock fell back to the bed with a thump. His eyes were closing in spite of his intent to speak.
“Because. I don’t think I’m going to be able to eat these vegetables without wearing them, seeing as I can’t use my other hand to push them onto the fork.” He glared at his left arm and crinkled his nose at its lack of competence.
John sat back for a moment and slicked up his neglected cock. Without preamble, he lined up and pressed inside. And Sherlock wailed. Sherlock bit his right palm.
John turned to walk towards the exit, and Sherlock jogged to catch up with him, high-fiving Rosie behind John’s back.
“How about we stay like we were, hmmm? I think you’ll like it this way. If I do this right, you will be very happy that you have a prostate.”
They stood simultaneously and took a step forward. John tried to lift his arms to go around Sherlock’s shoulders, but a grimace passed over his face. “Nope. Arms will have to go around your waist. Can’t get them up that high, you ostrich!”
Sherlock came back to himself rather fast: “It’s not the first time, and I’m sure it will not have been the last.”
“That dark hair; those pale greenish eyes. Or are they blue? They could even be grey. He’s just. Wow. I feel sorry for your sexuality crisis.”
I could only gape at her. When I woke up that morning, I had no idea this conversation was going to happen, or I’d have had a list of excuses prepared.
Sherlock leant forward and, with Rosie in between them, pressed a chaste kiss to John’s lips. Rosie squealed. It was the first time she’d seen them be open about their relationship.
“Sherlock. This surgery is serious. My range of motion will be compromised for the rest of my life. There is also a chance that the fusion won’t work. At my age, bone regrowth isn’t always guaranteed. There’s always the chance of a non-union result.”
John picks up his own—obviously for something to do, he’s clearly looked at it already—and runs his tongue along his lower lip. “Why’s that?”
“Move in with me,” Sherlock said again, with a shy but giddy smile.  “Your bedsit is tiny and depressing-”
of the call, do be careful Sherlock. This is your last Olympics after all; you can’t afford a scandal.”
Sherlock turned out to have several bruised ribs, a fractured foot and was bruised liberally elsewhere, but somehow, miraculously, he was relatively unscathed considering how much pain he’d been in hours earlier. He’d be sore in the morning--and likely for a long while after--but his athleticism and health had worked in his favor.
He wakes again at three, parched and achey and with a raging headache. He has a cup of tea, takes Redbeard out around the back, in the little alley where Mrs. Hudson keeps her bins, and then returns to bed, researches a few cases on the internet as he compulsively checks his email and opens and closes new message boxes. He retires again to sleep once the sun has risen, finally pulling off his clothes and pulling the covers up over himself to the headboard, topping it all off with a pillow over his head.
“What? Yes, yes really,” his voice is filled with humor as he bats at Sherlock’s hip. “You did clean after all.”
“Withdrawn,” Sherlock is quick to correct, and he stands back, bites his bottom lip and runs his gaze from the tip of John’s toes to his hairline. Sherlock falls to his knees, begins working John out of his shoes and socks. “Perhaps, well, would you…”
“Naw,” John said, bouncing up onto the balls of his feet. “I was just flirting with you.” His right hand weaved its way into Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock dipped, kissing John lightly before John pulled away to brush their noses together.
Now Sherlock had the upper hand; he delighted in moments like this, situations where he could show off his powers of observation and deduction. “No…”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed and glanced away from both of the men and up towards the television at the bar. His gaze cut briefly to John’s face, still open and smiling and happy, before settling resolutely on the television.
Hips are twisted at odd angles, and John is half on the bed and half off, but his mind whites out as his hands find themselves at Sherlock’s hips once more, trousers loose, but still he waits.
“You bastard,” Molly sniffled and wrapped him around the waist in a hug. The others soon stepped forward to share their own gestures of kindness, handshakes and light shoulder punches and simple last words of encouragement.
: support and encouragement and i don’t know happiness maybe, than I ever have from anyone and isn’t that a little messed up? You’ve become important to me. And you’re just a name on a computer screen, a million miles away.
Sherlock blinks, his eyes picking up stray light in the room and refracting it. Stagnant sound, a calm before the storm. “I love you,” and it’s foreign, warbled and almost swallowed up by his throat. Because it doesn’t mean I love you it means
Again, he’s presented with dozens of choices, so he spends some time sifting through the results, ruling out the ailment-specific ones. He avoids WebMD entirely. Eventually he stumbles upon one titled “Health Chat” and clicks it, figuring it seems as innocuous as any of the other options. John is surprised and delighted to find that there is a disclaimer warning the chat consumers that the status of those giving medical advice has not been verified.
Sherlock had taken this case—a seven, not normally enough to get them on a train headed north—without much fanfare, on the possibility of connecting a decades-old cold case to a recent slaying. He hadn’t admitted it aloud, but then he hadn’t needed to, that this was a chance to get out, away, just the two of them.
There was a tense moment when a fissure of something dangerous ran through Moriarty’s gaze and no one moved. Sherlock stared him down and he stared back, a silent promise made in the gaze. “Don’t forget,” he said, batting his eyelashes. “I owe you.” Moriarty then gave a ridiculous bow and then spun on heel back to his minions, leaving Lestrade to shake his head and turn to face Sherlock.
The top of the mountain was swarming with people and the skiers had been urged not to make their way up to the starting area until the prior group had finished on the course. The earliest part of the morning had seen the weaker skiers racing the course for their qualifying times, and by the time Sherlock’s group had been allowed up the snow was severely carved up, patches of brown showing through in some areas.
John knew it felt miraculous, but Sherlock was already beyond words. His throat produced a sound that could only be described as a growl.
“You’re making me dizzy. Stop fluttering about and sit here with me.” John patted the sofa cushion next to himself. “If I fall asleep here, I’d like to tilt towards and land against your shoulder, if you don’t mind.”
As soon as they were in their most comfortable positions, John began to move. John’s left elbow pressed to the mattress, his hand went to Sherlock’s right cheek, his thumb dragging across his cheek.
game on the coffee table and ran over towards Molly. Sherlock was able to intercept and put himself between Molly and Rosie and take the pie box from her. He rose it over his head and walked right through the still-opened door to the flat, into the hall and then through the door that led to the kitchen. He tiptoed into the room and put the box in the refrigerator. That could wait until after supper. Molly distracted her by shaking the pastry bag. “I have Parkin and Shrewsbury Cakes!”
“If, at any point, you both decide that you are willing, to put as much of the situation aside as you’re able to, she and I would be truly honoured and blessed to have you as part of her family.”
Sherlock lowered his head. To the woman across the street, it would most likely appear that John shared something and he was further investigating John's theories.
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose this is going to happen at some point in the next fifty years. All right.”
Rosie’s eyes wandered to the body on the pavement, her curiosity piqued. “Waz wong wit da man, daddy?”
“I know I’m not an easy person to help. But, how about this? How about I promise you that I will let you do anything I need you to do for me, after I find that I’m unable to do it after trying for myself?”
“See? I told you. I’m okay. I'm a bit more concerned about you at the moment, truth be told. This is a pretty common thing around here; what’s going on with you?” John decided his left hand would be better served to thumb across Sherlock’s ghostly-white cheek. Sherlock eased into the touch and let out a jittered breath.
“Just go into my room. Mrs. Hudson changed my bedding three days ago, and I’ve only laid on it once. Basically clean sheets. No sense on you going upstairs when there’s a perfectly good bed right there.” Sherlock pointedly tilted his head towards the door leading to his bedroom from the bathroom.
“Nope. Try again. A hint? The answer you’re searching for is the opposite of what you’ve just said.”
He walked through the kitchen and realised he should grab a glass and brought that and the plate with him down the hall. Halfway down the hall, he realised that John would need a new ice pack, so he turned around and made his way back to the kitchen and grabbed the spare one from the freezer door. He juggled all three items as he made his way back to his bedroom. He pushed the door forward with his foot and John was still on his back, a grimace on his face, despite being asleep. He walked into the room quietly and set the plate and fork on the night table beside John’s head. John stirred at the noise. As a former soldier, John slept poorly at the worst of times; always on the listen for the slightest noise; ready for action. Since becoming a parent, those senses were on an even higher alert.
“I don’t think I did my job well enough. You’re able to talk sooner than you should be!” Sherlock’s words clutched at his lungs.
We winked in unison, and it was then that I knew that we were both on the path to the light that we’d both been searching for our entire lives.
“This is really nothing, Sherlock. As I said, this is the easy part. When I wake up, things are going to be very different and pretty difficult. We both read about the before and after of this surgery... our eyes are open. We prepared ourselves the best we could. We bought everything we’d need for a few weeks; Rosie’s going to hang out with Mrs. Hudson or Molly during the afternoons in case I need to have a kip. We’re good, Sherlock. Everything’s going to be just fine.” He pulled Sherlock’s hand to his lips and grazed them with a dry, chaste kiss. He returned their hands to the rail between them and searched Sherlock’s face.
On every forward drag, the head of John’s cock pressed against that sensitive nub of nerves. Each time, a wave of pleasure pushes itself through Sherlock’s veins, circling through his body like a shot of cocaine. Sherlock’s hands tingled with pleasure as they made their way softly up John’s sides.
“Ah, I…didn’t know that.” Sherlock was eyeing him carefully now, keeping his mouth shut but John was suddenly very talkative.
“The bed works every time, I promise you.” Rosie clapped her hands loudly in Sherlock’s direction, demanding his attention once more before he sighed dramatically and fed her another spoonful. John rolled his leg back and forth on the bed slowly, his calf hitting against Sherlock’s ankle gently as he watched her eat, leaning further into Sherlock’s side.
John felt his stomach do a flip as Sherlock smiled proudly, admiring his choice in flowers once more before looking back at him. “Lead the way, then,” he mused, nodding towards the massive array of headstones, and John nodded slowly, stepping forward and walking.
John listened to Sherlock’s breathing gradually slow down before turning back around slowly to his other side, glancing at him briefly.
He felt as if the walls of the theatre were caving in on him, crushing him with such immense pressure and weight that he couldn’t stay up any longer. His heart felt like a ton of lead in his chest, aching horribly as he choked out sob after sob, not even recognizing the noises that echoed amongst the walls.
“Did I?” John was decidedly confused. And becoming visibly distressed by the look on Sherlock's face.
“Life just feels heavy sometimes, ya know? I can feel my entire life on my shoulders some days; gravity just having its way with me in that metaphorical sense. I’m so tired, Sherlock.” John turned back to facing the sitting room, but he slid closer to me and leant against my left shoulder. I got my arm around him and pressed a kiss to his right temple. Start slow.
“I’ve always had a complicated relationship with my family. My father was a right bastard. Treated my mother and Harry like they were employees. Harry wasn’t home much as a result. My mother was a cook, and a maid, and his nurse. It never seemed to me that she was ever looked at as an equal in their relationship. He worked, she stayed home and did all of the house things. That arrangement continued long after he retired. He’d be sat in their living room, and she’d be all over the house fussing over everything. Just sipping at his tea, watching her. She always felt guilty if she wasn’t cooking, baking, or cleaning. Never took a moment to herself, at least none that I ever saw. Never mind how he treated me like I was a virus that wouldn't go away. There were times he looked at me like he wanted me to liquefy and slide through the floor.”
“But he’s not seen you with me. I have a child. You know what they say about people who date who have children. When the kids are involved with the new ‘friend’... Today was the first time I’ve been by your flat. Sherlock’s a genius. I’m assuming you’ve mentioned me before?”
"Look at me. You're bloody lovely, Sherlock. You’re breathtaking. You snatch the breath from my lungs every time I look at you. We are so lovely together.”
John felt the tears burning behind his eyes. “I’m so proud of you, Sherlock. For letting yourself be loved. For letting yourself feel worthy of it, even if you don’t believe it some days.”
.' The man had zero clue at all how caring and nurturing he could be. John would do his best not to tell him since that could be misconstrued as teasing. John loved every moment of Sherlock’s attention. He just wished it was for a better occasion than his current predicament.
"I know that you prefer to lie on your stomach or left side. Face to pillow contact is an important element of your being able to fall asleep. You being able to rest was a huge factor in your recovery. I was happy to help."
“I had to. Literally. Now I can say I’ve said that to both Watsons.” Sherlock tried so hard not to laugh.
“All you did was take it off of me and throw it not all that far away from me. Then you wanted to shoot it, therefore killing me.”
“Would you happen to have something else, Molly? The ‘thing’ we were talking about yesterday?” Sherlock’s attempt at nonchalance was noticed immediately.
“Weird that we’re talking about how we smell. It’s nice, though. That we’re beyond all the ridiculous shit we did to censor ourselves, before.”
John backed them down the hall, past the kitchen and towards the bathroom and Sherlock followed. Once inside, Sherlock locked the door behind himself, and took a step forward and helped John out of his sling and set it on the counter by the sink. John made for Sherlock’s dressing gown ties and managed to untie it and push it over Sherlock’s shoulders one-handed.
Once they determined that John was finished, Sherlock got him a glass of water so he could rinse out his mouth. When that was accomplished, Sherlock gathered him into their bedroom and sat John down. He undressed him gently, leaving him in pants and a vest and got him under the covers. He went back into the loo and retrieved the large glass of water, filled it back to the top. He also grabbed the bottle of paracetamol from the cabinet above the sink and went back into the bedroom to give them to John. “If you think you can keep this down, you should take a few of these and have at least half of that glass of water. The four websites I consulted said to get you properly hydrated, give you some paracetamol, and get you rest. You lie down and I’ll go get some more ice for you.” Without waiting for a response from John, he turned and scurried down the hallway to the kitchen
“I want you to live too, you fucking tosser!” John rose to meet him. They faced each other, suddenly furious, tears in John’s eyes, and then he noticed a few were clinging to Sherlock’s lashes as well.
“Truly, John, I'm all right. But I think there may be something else going on here that needs to be said.” I stared at the coffee table and waited.
“I’m not surprised! I’m angry! I’m angry for you! I’m angry for us! I’m furious that life keeps handing us shit to deal with!”
“And I love you more than my hands! Get out of here and grab some shoes for both of us. Go on! They’re by the door!”
Sherlock actually hopped on his feet as John worked to convince himself to go along. He daren’t interrupt.
“Fuck! Shit! Oh! Sherrrrrrlock!” Sherlock felt John’s release burst inside him. They held each other until their breath came back to them.
“You will find that I’m severely lacking in relationship experience. I’m not used to pet names or endearments.”
Sherlock swallowed hard, but he remained silent. The touch of John’s fingers warming his chin; grounding him in that moment. Their moment.
“You’re welcome. Go to sleep now, Sherlock.” He rubbed his hand over the newly freed skin in circles, coaxing Sherlock to slumber. With a hum and a huff, Sherlock was soon asleep.
John pulled back, letting his cock slide from Sherlock. He knelt there, Sherlock still lying on his back, looking deliciously, and thoroughly, fucked.
Sherlock chuckled hard enough to jostle the bed. John could feel it vibrate through Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock surged forward and softly licked at John’s mouth. He opened his mouth to laugh at Sherlock’s eagerness, and Sherlock was nipping at John’s tongue and using his own to inelegantly explore John’s mouth. John smiled against Sherlock’s mouth. “Hang on, hang on. Slow down a bit!” He brought his right hand to Sherlock’s cheek. No rushing. Let’s slow things a little, all right?”
“Rosamund would most likely just tell you to get up and get on. She seems to like the newer princesses; those who seem to take no shit. Moana, Merida, Mulan…”
While content to stew in his own grim imaginings, Sherlock begrudgingly disentangled his long fingers from their tight grasp and offered his left hand to John. Carefully, John got most of his hand around Sherlock’s palm and gave it a light press, his thumb sliding gently across Sherlock’s fingers.
They laid there together while they rested to catch their breath. John reached for and found Sherlock’s left hand, and tangled their fingers together. He grasped it tightly and brought their hands to his mouth and kissed each of Sherlock’s fingers.
John looked like he wanted to say yes. He really did. Much like the night of their first case. Sherlock watched as John’s face showed all the thoughts in his head; as he searched for any reason why he shouldn’t go to the scene with Sherlock.
As we sat side-by-side, I felt John's breathing slow down. He was also flaring his hands into fists as he calmed himself. To my surprise, after maybe a minute, he turned to face me, and tucked his right foot under his left knee and reached towards my face.
Sherlock kept his tone light. Intentionally. Offering John help was usually akin to poking a bear. “I could help you with that if you’d like.”
At that moment, John had been making hissing noises. “I’m a ssssssilly sssssnake! I’m gonna bite you!” Rosie squealed with delight and made the turn around the edge, but John lifted his head reflexively to look toward Sherlock as he’d spoken to him. John’s head smacked into the table.
“Cara? Hamish? This is my friend, Sherlock Holmes.” Hamish waved timidly from the floor where he’d settled with Rosamund.
John was dumbfounded. He gave Sherlock a tight nod and sat down next to him on the sofa, and then turned to face him. They wriggled John out of his jumper and then his vest. John made a move for the gel and Sherlock exclaimed:
“You cannot feel guilt over a situation over which you had no control. I could not bring you with me. I wanted to. So many times I spoke to you while I was gone. Knowing you were here, safe and breathing?...that made all that happened to me a worthwhile endeavour.”
“Do I?” I ran my right hand across and down and all around John’s back. Then John hit me with a nonsequitur.
Sherlock spent a few minutes massaging John, as John’s eyes closed and he sighed. Sherlock saw him settle and then turn his head to face him.
“I dropped a flask on the table and it bumped into a few pipettes and they all landed on the floor! Stay where you are; you’re barefooted!”
“John! Stop that! I’m right here, for God’s sake!” He placed the glass forcefully on the night table, and a bit of water sloshed on the table as a result. He got John to sitting and propped him up by shoving most of his pillows behind John’s back.
“John. Do not speak of ‘piping down’ while we are out in public. We wouldn’t want to scandalise your medical handlers.”
Sherlock had never heard the song before. He had no idea who Neil Diamond was. But he was sure, that for the rest of his days, he’d remember this moment as one of the happiest of his life. He snapped a photo, freezing this moment for all of them. He was the only one with a mind palace, after all.
“You need to tell him, John. That poor man thinks you don’t love him the way he loves you. He’s just seen us walk out of his flat looking like a statistical example of a nuclear family. He’s got to be terrified of what he’d just seen.”
“Let me go fix my face before we get you some cake.” I removed my arm from his shoulders and he stood up and stretched, and a loud pop sounded from somewhere in his body. He looked down at me.
“It’s not the first time he’s seen me around a woman.” I couldn’t stop shaking my head or the words from coming out of my mouth. That was the closest I’d ever been to telling someone how I feel for Sherlock.
“I still maintain that her final act was one made in atonement. Though she never verbally apologised for her error in judgement, she carried guilt for what she did to me. To us. To you, especially, John. She made that clear to me during her last moments.”
“You want me to live with you for the rest of your life? You want me to be around Rosamund for her rearing?”
“If I never made it perfectly clear that you’re more important than anything else could ever be, I’m sorry for that.”
John knew exactly what his husband needed. He grabbed a hold of Sherlock’s left knee, unfolded it, then draped Sherlock’s leg across his shoulder. John pressed forward a bit and got his arms under Sherlock's back. He put both of his hands alongside the back of Sherlock’s neck, his fingers curling over his trapezius.
John broke the silence after a few minutes. This had to be said. “It was worth it. To me. If me getting hurt was the catalyst we needed to finally get here, I’d have done it a long time ago.” Sherlock looked chagrined as he reached for John’s healing shoulder.
“Hey, it’s all right! Just gotta yank out the glass, clean it out, and tape it up!” He looked up and saw Sherlock’s eyes; glazed over and a bit misty.
John reopened his mouth, and it was then filled with a fork full of peas, carrots, and corn. As John chewed, between bites, Sherlock got to work on cutting up the lasagne. John didn’t notice until the yellow, green, and orange view changed to layered noodles.
“Are you sure, sw’heart?” Sherlock laid back down, his head on John’s chest, his right hand on John’s belly. “If we never work another case again, I will remind myself that you almost died. I will never be disappointed that didn’t happen. Our life together is more important than our work.”
“Just. Just stay where you are. If you move, I’ll tip right off the edge of this seat and faceplant on the floor. Just stay here a minute with me, okay?” John unclenched his right hand and gripped a hold of Sherlock’s hip, pulling Sherlock’s body closer to his own. Sherlock could feel John’s hot, laboured breaths ghosting across his dress shirt. John rested his left arm across his own knees and pressed his left temple against Sherlock’s soft shirt. Without even thinking, Sherlock raised his right hand and put his fingers in John’s hair. John released a stuttered breath at the calming contact and tried to regain control of his breathing. Fainting would not help matters in the least.
“No need for thanks. I’m happy to do it.” And he really was. Sherlock turned towards the door. He could only imagine what Rosie got up to in the three minutes he wasn’t in the kitchen with her.
Their eyes held the other’s gaze for a few minutes, the moon shining through the gauze curtains. Sherlock cleared his throat, breaking the silence in the room: “I used to try so hard. I remembered things people told me. Names of their family members; their birthdays; things they liked and disliked. No one seemed to remember those things about me. Initially, I tried to not deduce people. I learned early on that that put people off. I turned off a part of myself, and no one seemed to notice that part of me was no longer shining. They just seemed relieved to not be under my deductive gaze.
They shifted her around a bit until she was snug in the curve of John’s right elbow. He slowly took to the stairs and the duo made it to the top safely while Sherlock sat on his bed and waited to hear the tell-tale sounds of floorboards creaking overhead. He released a loaded sigh when he heard the first wooded squeak.
“The street wasn’t overly busy, but there were other cars around when the accident happened. I can try to get out and look for someone…”
“I still can't explain it. You're like me, but also the complete opposite of me. You're a paradox; a puzzle that I keep finding pieces of when I thought I was finished putting you all together."
Sherlock backed his way into the sitting room and then ran to the doorway and bent for their shoes when he thought to grab his leather gloves from his coat’s pocket. Those should help protect against any accidental cuts.
“Could’ve happened a bit sooner, but I suppose I should just be happy with things as they are now, yeah?”
“As I got older, I could see what was happening. The manipulation; the gaslighting. Would tell her to stop worrying, when she was clearly suffering from anxiety. Made fun of her if she got upset and cried about something. Yelled at her in supermarkets.”
“I didn’t want to say before, but I’ve felt both popping from the ligaments, and bones scraping in the joint. I think this might be really serious, Sherlock. If I’m not feeling better in a few days, I’m going to see an Orthopaedic surgeon. The ligaments around the joint feel very loose to me.”
“Sure, Sherlock. I’ll meet you in the bathroom.” John held his left elbow in the palm of his right hand as he slowly made his way down the hall. He listened to Sherlock mucking about the freezer as he walked.
“I know you are, but there’s no need for it, love. Accidents happen.” They managed to disentangle themselves. John watched Sherlock rise with an unsettling unsteadiness. As he stood and peeled off his gloves and handed them over to John, he watched Sherlock shake his two hands out at his sides.
John couldn’t hide the grin on his face as he sat next to Rosie and waited for Sherlock to bring the pot to the centre of their table.
John’s hips stuttered, and he collapsed on Sherlock’s sweat-slicked body. Sherlock’s arms tightened around him and crushed John against him. They held each other until oversensitivity threatened. They reluctantly disentangled themselves. John went back to kneeling between Sherlock’s legs, and he sat on his heels.
The day progressed as John had hoped it would. He helped Sherlock with a bit of the washing up. He helped him fold the laundry. And he was able to give Rosie a bath (alone) for the first time in six weeks.
Sherlock stood there stupidly, as John tried to wake himself properly. Now was as good a time as any to fill that glass.
When they regained consciousness, their suspect was gone, and their car was wedged underneath an off-duty double-decker bus. The bus had toppled over and was lying on the side and hood of their car.
“Well, we’ve never been driving on sleet-slicked roads while doing so before tonight. There’s a first time for everything.”
He shuffled off to the bathroom to fill the glass for John. Upon his return to the bedroom, John was trying to get himself to a sitting position but was failing miserably. He was biting his lower lip, appearing to want to keep the frustration and pain from his face. He should’ve known better than to try to fool someone who was basically a lie detector in human form.
“Fuck, this exercise hurts like hell and back.” He’s already done ten, but he’s supposed to do fifteen. He bites his bottom lip and presses down on it, as he performs the range of motion exercise.
“I grew tired of breaking off pieces of myself and giving them away and no one ever giving me any part of themselves in return. There are parts of me that, I fear, will always be incomplete. Every time I snapped off a piece of myself, there were fissures and cracks left behind. You’ve been the glue that’s mended me, John. I don’t think I would be here if I hadn’t met you. I owe Mike Stamford a great debt.” Sherlock inhaled sharply, trying to keep the growing wetness from spilling from his eyes.
“This is the easy part, Sherlock. The game changes when I wake up and you have to do almost everything for me for six to eight weeks!” He was met with silence. Attempting to lighten the mood with a few jokes did not work on Sherlock this time. He just sat beside John on the hard, plastic chair a foot from his bed, and watched Sherlock nervously wring his hands in his lap while he stared at the needle in John’s vein. John decided to try again.
“Hoo, hoo!” Mrs Hudson cooed from the hallway side of our flat’s door. She tapped on the door three times. I ignored her. I heard her key turning in the lock. I’d temporarily forgotten she was our landlady and had her own keys. I’ve always felt she was closer to being a mother to me than a landlady. She’s also always been more than a housekeeper, but don’t tell her that. I very much enjoy her protestations to ever stop her saying them.
“Can you take her in the kitchen and give her a biscuit to calm her down and bring me an ice pack when you’re done?”
“I think I can take her up. Just a few steps. Just gotta make sure I get the rails on her bed in place, though. I’ll holler down if I need you.”
“Papa kiss Daddy!” She clapped her hands. She was as happy as the adults were in that room with her.
Sherlock hugged him closer. “I will always do my best to ease your self-recrimination. Sometimes, I won’t succeed. But I will always try.”
“We can smell it on each other, John. Gaydar is a thing. Or in this case, Bi-dar.” Cara leant forward, her left elbow settling on the table, her left thumb under her chin and her index finger at her eyebrow. Smugness all over her face. Her beautiful face. But when I looked at her, I didn’t get that swoopy feeling I’d normally get with someone I’m falling for. I only get that feeling for one person.
Sherlock gently squeezed John’s shoulder. “That lip-lick of yours was very confusing. Quite a mixed-signal, that.”
“She loves you very much. Sometimes, kids just make things like feelings so damn simple. Somewhere along the way, we lose that part of ourselves.”
“I wasn’t sure I’d be able to get all trussed up in time before we collapsed from the day’s events. I almost fell asleep waiting for you.”
"Christ, Sherlock!” John’s neck tilted forward as his body wilted and then he tipped toward me. I rearranged myself and mirrored his position on the sofa. I pulled him against me and he pressed his right ear to my chest. It seemed that holding each other was something we were going to do now.
After their encounter the night before, John didn’t need to use too much of the lube, but he didn’t want to make Sherlock’s second-time painful if he could help it. He rolled to his back and slicked himself up and spread a bit around Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock gasped at the sensation.
“I’ve been a guest here for five days, and you’ve yet to let me help! My physical therapists said it was all right, as long as I don’t get involved with dishes that need a lot of scrubbing. Too much pressure on the shoulder joint for where I am in my recovery. But I can handle that!”
“Is a counselor going to be able to tell me why John and I keep getting shit shoved down our throats?” With that, he exited the doctor’s office and slammed the door behind himself.
They settled back on the bed, but both lying on their backs, the ceiling seemed to be the safest place for their gazes to lay. They laid in silence for a while, the occasional wet sniff followed by the brush of a hand across wet eyes. Once they calmed themselves, John broke the silence.
“Sherrrrlock! Oh, Oh shit.” Sherlock was motionless, he just looked down at John as if in a state of catatonia. He held John’s knees under his shoulders and stayed as still as he was able.
“Right here, darling. What’s up?” John leant to his right side to face her and forced a smile for her.
"I’m not saddled or stuck or whatever nonsense you’re psyching yourself out with. If it makes you feel any better, I’ve never been in this position before.”
“No. I want to do this out here. May I?” John’s breath caught in his lungs. His body refused to move. He was only able to nod his head, once, and briskly at that. It was enough to get Sherlock to move.
“Oh, that’s even better. I didn’t think this could get better thirty seconds ago, but I was wrong. Get that beautiful mouth on mine this instant!” Sherlock obliged, embracing his lips against John’s, in a kiss that was more virtuous than this moment could have predicted.
Sherlock kissed John’s left shoulder, then his mouth, and settled his lips against John’s neck as he whispered; “I don’t think luck has anything to do with it. Not anymore.”
“That’s right, sweetheart! We want you to grow up in a safe place!” Sherlock dishevelled her hair with his fingers as he smiled down at her.
“Continue those deep breaths, okay?” They both remembered the first time they did this, their roles reversed. John whirled his finger around Sherlock’s hole, getting it nice and wet, before he inserted his right index finger, to the first knuckle.
John just held him in his arms and kissed his neck, his hair; he dragged his thumb across the top of Sherlock’s hand where they laid on his stomach. Instead of talking, Sherlock’s body was telling him all he needed to know. John thought a funny story would help things along a bit:
Sherlock blushed. “Here, just push your lips to mine, okay? I’ll show you something here. Probably the last time I’ll know more about something than you for the rest of my life.” John settled himself back against his pillow. He moved his hand from Sherlock’s face and curled his index finger. “Get down here. I need that pretty mouth on mine, immediately!”
“Figured out what exactly?” I felt like a piece of the conversation was had while I wasn’t sitting at the table, but I didn’t remember having an out-of-body experience, or leaving the table since I’d sat down.
“I know how good that feels, Sherlock. Every time you’ve done this for me, I can feel the pleasure fizzle in my toes.” He looked up at Sherlock’s face and pushed further inside, twisting his finger, getting the lube spread around to make Sherlock comfortable. John spent a few more seconds preparing Sherlock and then slicked himself up.
“He usually goes into his Mind Palace when he’s trying to work something out. We’ve no case on right now. So either he went in there to get some quiet, or he wanted me to think he was in there.”
“Here comes the aeroplane!!!” Sherlock had the audacity to make engine noises as he approached John’s open mouth, the fork poised at his open mouth.
“I’m the only one around here that’s allowed to hallucinate, okay?” We both laughed at John’s obvious attempt to lighten things up a bit. I can’t ever seem to let well enough alone.
“I’m so knackered but also starving. My arm is so numb, but it also hurts. Christ, this nerve blocker isn’t messing about.”
Sherlock stood, rooted to the floor in front of his own chair. ‘Well, this is certainly a turn-up.’ Sherlock thought silently, ‘Didn’t expect the evening to take this turn.’ He stood there for the duration of John’s shower, which was only six minutes. John walked into view and stood under the arch of the kitchen entrance.
Sherlock reacted quickly and scooped Rosie up from the floor. He wiped her face with his knuckles and kissed her nose. “How about one of Mrs. Hudson’s chocolate biscuits?” At the mention of a biscuit, John’s current condition was forgotten. She sniffed and nodded her head as she laid her head against Sherlock’s chest. Such as the disposition of a two year old.
“That’s what’s it’s like for me every time you do something stupid and make me have to look at you in the same position. It’s shit. And I hope we can keep instances like these to a minimum.”
“Most people who met me, after I’d first met you, assumed that you and I were together. Mrs. Hudson at the flat; Mycroft when he sorta kidnapped me; Angelo... I was an insensitive prick. I was only concerned with my own feelings instead of taking yours into account as well. All those people knew you, knew who you were, and I was just clueless.”
“Give me a, oh fuck. A sec to, uh. Oh. This is fantastic. She will be the very last thing I’ll think about, by the way.” John could only smile up at him. Another deep breath and then:  “Are you all right?”
A laugh of relief. “You git! Let me see you!” Beautiful, damp, greenish eyes. But there was a smile behind them now. John’s hand cradled Sherlock’s face, his thumb passing over and wiping away the tears that were trailing down his cheek.
“I don’t know if I’ve ever been this sure about anything before. And that’s after our first time showering together.” John winked at him. Sherlock smiled in return.
The enormity of their words sat between them for a few moments, and a few tears slipped from both men’s eyes. Time for a bit of mirth.
“Thank you for being brave. I am a former soldier, but you’ve always been the braver of the two of us. Tonight just reinforced it.”
“I don’t understand. We both know what to expect. There shouldn’t be too many surprises.” John continued to slide his thumb across Sherlock’s fingers. With every stroke, he could feel a bit of tension leave Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock was blinking again, and his eyes looked a bit wet. He spun around and went back into the kitchen, stubbed his toe on his own stool, cursed, and John heard him drop the lid that had been on top of the pot of chilli right onto the counter next to the cooker.
“With his typical Sherlockian sass. Or nonchalance. Or silence, like he’s not heard me. None of those things are atypical for him.”
“Could you grab the keys and give them to Sherlock for me, sweetheart?” John’s breathing was laboured and his right hand was palmed against the door.
"Can we crack on here, please? I’d really like to get some sleep tonight. I’ve got physio tomorrow morning, and I told Rosie we’d take her to The Science Museum after." Sherlock just stared at him. The look resembled awe.
"First, don’t make yourself seem unimportant. I don’t like hearing you speak that way about yourself. Secondly, yeah, I’d have to say I do feel all right. I don’t miss that sling, mind. It’s nice to know if I need it, the doctor told me I could use for a bit if my arm becomes achy. Nice to have a bit of a backup plan if I doing something stupid and hurt myself a bit. I’m just glad I don’t have to ask you to do so much for me as I had been... Driving us home this morning was a treat I was expecting to have to wait for at least a week or so longer.”
“That’s good to know. So listen up then: rest against me tonight. Let me hold you the way you held me for so long these last few weeks.”
John had regained his breath, and the tears that he’d finally let fall in front of another person began to dry on his cheeks. His nose was red, and his eyes were still full. He sniffed pointedly in that way he has; an attempt to rein in all of the pieces of himself that he’d just let me see. John Watson: Always trying to hold himself together as he was crumbling to bits.
“I am very sorry that you weren’t sure of your place in this family, Sherlock. I will do better for you. For us.”
“I didn’t forget. I just think it’s time to move past it. It happened. We dealt with it. It will probably happen again.”
“For the last time, and not just for tonight, I hope. You moved in here with your daughter so we could hope to achieve a semblance of what we had before I fell. You are here. Rosie is here. I am here. I want to be. I want to help you. And Rosie if she needs me. Now come over here and sit and I’ll help you get your arm out of your sleeve so we can get this Icy Hot on you.”
Both bottles of wine were consumed by the end of that evening. All four of them hugged each other before heading off to bed. Mrs. Holmes patting John’s cheek in confirmation of their unspoken familial intentions. He kissed her on the forehead, then hugged Mr. Holmes in thanks; for their support, understanding, and now, their love. Rosie just acquired, her very own grandparents, whether officially or not. That day may come for them all.
“You just lie back and let me finish this for us. You’ve done so much for me, and I want to do this for you.” He felt around the bed for a few seconds until he located what he was looking for. He reached for and found the lube they’d used a bit ago and squirted some on the first two fingers of his left hand.
“Oh. I’m sorry, Sherlock. That just really feels nice.” Against his better judgement, John’s neck went limp and his head tipped forward until his chin met the base of his neck. Sherlock decided to massage John’s other shoulder at the same time, sans gel. The top of John’s head tickled Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock spoke into his hair:
“I know I’ve said, many times, that I’m not gay. And I stand by that. I do think I could be bisexual. I’ve never really felt for another man the way I feel for you. There were a few crushes in my younger days, but you? My eyes found you in that lab and I knew I had just met someone who was going to be one of the most important people I was ever going to meet. You had me at ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’ You had me at ‘Goodbye, John.’ You had me at ‘Forgive me for all the hurt that I caused you.’ You had me as soon as we met. You had me when I thought you were dead. You had me the moment I saw you at that restaurant. You had me while I was married. You had me when I became a widower. You have me now. If I haven’t made you wait too long.”
? The lovely, supple, soft, black, leather and strong, shiny, silver, buckles? Those were for John’s eyes and Sherlock’s subsequent pleasure.
Sherlock pushed his forehead against John’s neck and inhaled. John’s arms went around his back and pulled him close. “I’m supposed to be taking care of you.” Sherlock admitted.
“Well, I happen to think it’s fine, since I plan to keep them in the designated area of the refrigerator and well away from the smallest tenant of this flat.”
Sherlock’s expression turned comic. He began to blink. The type of blinking he does when he’s well and truly out of his depth.
“Good morning!” He noticed Sherlock’s phone. “Case? Lestrade? Kind of early for Lestrade to be texting, but the criminal class doesn’t keep to regular business hours, I suppose.”
As if Sherlock hadn’t said a word, John tiptoed into the room, paying close attention to the placement of his feet.
“I should have thanked you for everything you've done for me, despite how I thought you'd react to it.”
I tossed my own serviette onto the picnic table with a bit more force than I’d intended. “What is happening? Have we time-travelled back to sixth-form?”
“Are you all right, John? Sherlock whispered a few minutes later; his hand still in John’s hair, but he dared not move it. But the surprising softness of John’s hair was tempting him to do just that.
Settling against his pillow, he fell into a light sleep and didn’t wake until there was insistent knocking at his door.
Sherlock accepted and returned gracious hugs from the Swiss skier who’d managed silver and the American who had taken the bronze, ensuring that the cameras got the necessary shots of the three of them before he turned blankly in disbelief, to look at Greg. He felt completely lit up and somehow entirely numb at the same time, wholly unsure what to do with his limbs now that the necessary interactions had played out.
Sherlock sits up, turns just slightly, and regards John so closely that John is fairly certain that Sherlock could read everything he’s thinking. “Why now?” Sherlock whispers, face so close to John’s that their breath mingles.
“Jumper, you said?” he demands as he pushes through the door; to Molly’s credit, she doesn’t jump, but rounds on him slowly.
As soon it had come it faded, and the triumphant trumpet music of the medalists’ procession kicked to life over the blaring speakers. There was an announcement in Russian and then an English translation, “Ladies and gentlemen, the medalists for men’s downhill skiing.” The American began walking and Sherlock shook himself mentally and followed right behind, walking and waving on autopilot until they were standing behind the podium. As one, they stepped up and took their places.
For a while, John zones out to The Clash, running and walking intermittently along the South Bank, casually taking in the sights. It’s only when he stops for a breath that he thinks about Guest, allows a dull, hollow sort of guilt to creep from his stomach to his throat.
“Just a tick,” John said and plucked Sherlock’s key from his hand, opening the door and ushering him inside. “I’ve got just what you need.” He produced a small bottle of pills from his coat pocket and portioned two out into his hand, dropping them into Sherlock’s palm.
you allowed to drink?” Greg brought his beer to his mouth and finished it off, refilling the glass with water from the pitcher on the table and pushing it towards Molly, who accepted gratefully.
“Sherlock, such an accomplishment after a trying year. At your age, how did you prepare for this course?”
Sherlock fought it but was walked back until his knees his the edge of the desk chair and he collapsed into it, immediately springing back to his feet, fight or flight response engaged. He got one, solid punch into Moran’s ribs before he was clocked across the face by the back of a hand.
“Okay?” John checks, resuming the gentle strokes there, and when Sherlock nods sluggishly, John repeats the gesture, even more gentle.
John’s thrown for a moment, by Sherlock’s change in posture–he’s sitting taller now, has reached out to cup his palms around John’s knees. It’s such a stark difference from five minutes ago that John almost asks him to wait a moment, to slow down. But if this is how it has to happen, all fits and starts and nothing at all like he imagined it, then so be it. “Is it?”
And it almost feels that way for Sherlock, right now. There’s something entirely new about all of this that he can’t quite place. He tosses about the idea of being reborn and finds it too sentimental, not quite apt.
There was a solid thump and then another and Moran was pulling away, moving toward the door on lumbering legs. With one more thump Greg stumbled through the doorway sideways, clutching his shoulder and hurriedly taking in the scene.
It wasn’t until the man with his back to him stepped out of the way that he saw Doctor John Watson standing amongst his colleagues, smiling slightly and clapping slowly in his direction.
John takes his time, pressing against Sherlock’s rim, stretching him before slipping the tip of his thumb inside. Sherlock feels as though every nerve ending is alive, rooted to the intentions of John’s hands, his mind pinpoint-focused on the sensations being drawn from his body. John’s tongue touches the very center of him, wetly pressing, John’s fingers firmly holding Sherlock open.
Sherlock could work with “friends.” He could ease his way into John’s life, become indispensable, and then, perhaps, after some time…
It makes John’s insides swim in an anticipation that he can’t place. Sharing a bed, between the two of them. Once it might have set him into a frenzy of anxiety; now, it’s something he finds he’s nervously looking forward to. Perhaps this is just the little shove they need to take a solid step over the line they’ve been edging so carefully towards.
They wandered through the lobby in silence and John slung an arm behind his back as he bowed forward to press the ‘up’ button for the elevator. “Tonight… you ah, you don’t do things like that often.”
Sherlock turned to look at him and couldn’t help but smile at the resolve he saw in John’s frame, the fire and determination in his gaze. A hot flare of attraction flared in his stomach and his chest grew hot and constricted as he acknowledged the unabashed affection he felt. “Well,” he returned his attention to his ex-coach. “Is all of that settled, then?”
Sherlock interrupted abruptly, with a warm, comforting hand to John’s shoulder. “But we weren’t, John. Now, what did he
John sighs, feeling full, sweetly agitated by nerves, itchy to feel Sherlock. “C’mere,” he says very, very gently.
“Well, knowing that this was my last Olympic race I vowed to pull out all of the stops, but once I began skiing it was as though… it was clear, it was all clear to me. I skied like I’d wanted to on this course, my body did what I asked of it, my team did what I asked of them and I won the gold.”
John ensures that his expression is schooled into an incredibly neutral mask when he says, “It’s all fine.”
It’s so incredibly intimate and John quietly relishes in it, dragging his blunt nails against Sherlock’s scalp, as Sherlock leans unbidden into his touch. Sherlock continues to catalogue, his eyes moving behind closed lids as John cleans him.
Sherlock ceded the point with a frown while Lestrade tested the viscosity between his fingers. “Yeah, this is… can’t really put my finger on it, it’s… doesn’t feel quite right, does it?”
Sherlock types, not wanting--for some reason--John5NF to feel hated by him. Or to think that he’s a bad person. Scratching at his chin, Sherlock thinks for a moment, swallows down his hesitation and continues.
“Two Oxymorons,” Sherlock directs at the barkeep, placing the list back between a bottle of vinegar and a salt and pepper shaker. Sherlock folds his hands atop the bar and turns to grace John with a soft smile. He looks almost tired, perhaps weary, but the smile is genuine, reaches his eyes in that delightful way that somehow manages to make Sherlock look decades younger.
There are no more emails from Guest that evening, which is good, because John forgets to check his email until just before he goes to bed. For some reason he decides he wouldn’t like to leave a message from Guest waiting in his inbox for very long. Their interactions have very much felt like conversations, and lapsing in his end of the dialogue would make him feel as though he was being rude.
John shifted on his feet, looking down at his shoes, and when he glanced up, he had a smile on his face. It didn’t reach his eyes. “How’s this place, look okay?”
“Bollocks,” John laughs. “I don’t know you well, but I know enough to see clearly that you’re not one for due diligence.”
He suggests dinner, finding it easy to slip into the fantasy that they’re on holiday together. They’re a couple, going about their evening as any other couple would.
“You’re looking for a tactful way to discern whether I prefer men over women.” Comes Sherlock’s bold statement, and when it hits John’s ears, he realizes how ludicrous it sounds.
Sherlock’s right hand tugs at John’s button-up and manages to pull it loose enough that his hand can slither beneath the material, warm palm slowly mapping the plane of John’s stomach. It feels delicious and indecent, more erogenous than he’s experienced before. Sherlock takes his time, pulling off to kiss at John’s jaw, his cheek, as his fingertips locate a nipple and gently scratch.
John nods, presses his lips together and then leans over, dotting a quick kiss to Sherlock’s mouth. “Okay, goodnight.”
Shrugging, Molly picks up her glass and polishes it off; she checks her watch and pushes Sherlock’s wine towards his hand. “That’s not shallow, everyone thinks that. It can be a problem if you’re not physically attracted to someone that you’re emotionally attracted to sure, but you’re getting ahead of yourself. You have to
John came forward and took a bit for himself and shrugged. “Can’t really answer that, but it seems pretty obvious from what we found that they’re selling the stuff to people on the circuit. So either it’s an unstable wax which doesn’t make sense if the athletes that are in that book
“Thank you for inviting me.” John took a step back, inching his way towards the door. It was something to behold, and Sherlock’s chest seized up with affection; John didn’t want to leave him, just as much as Sherlock desperately wished he could stay. Now wasn’t the time, however, and if they played their cards right, they’d have much, much more time together once the Games were through.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Oh, god.” He slid into the booth across from Molly. “We’re not telling anyone yet Molly so it would be-”
John feels nervous, but only a bit. He knows that the majority of his day will be spent in the mandatory human resources training (how many times in his life will he be coached on what constitutes sexual harassment, he wonders?) but during the tail end of it, Molly will introduce him to the lab.
He may not sleep, but John finds himself relaxing, melting into the mattress and finding comfort in this bed, next to the man he’s finally begining to build with, again.
It’s maudlin, it’s silly, it’s exactly what he wants to say, and for once, he doesn’t second guess himself in the slightest when he hits the ‘send’ button.
His bladder made it necessary to leave the bed, and in the loo he caught a glimpse of the state of his face. His eyes harbored deep, purple crescents beneath them and his cheek and the side of his right eye were a sick, mottled purple. Sherlock looked properly done over and he swallowed at the sight; he looked more the part of an underground prize fighter than an elite skier.
John meets Sherlock’s purpose, allowing his bottom lip to settle between both of Sherlock’s. He allows Sherlock a moment to lead before he turns it a bit filthier, pressing wet kisses against Sherlock’s jaw, and just beneath. Sherlock grants him access, his head lolling against his shoulders.
: I’ve no right to ask this of you, but I hope that upon meeting me you’ll spare a moment to let me explain myself.
Some of his hesitance at being out in the world flakes away and he finds by the time he’s finished his meal and drained his glass, he feels more even-keeled than he has in a very long while. He feels almost human again.
“You wouldn’t be wrong, there,” Sherlock said smoothly. John’s eyes shifted, very plainly too, and Sherlock filed that away eagerly. John might not be interested in anything overt at the moment, but it was becoming rather plain that John found him attractive, at the very least. “But yes, chemistry at Cambridge.”
Molly patted his arm and made her way to the bar, effectively abandoning him, and for a moment he allowed his eyes to stray to the Russian feed of the opening ceremonies on the flatscreen television above the bar. His lips pursed in annoyance, he wondered if he could still get a jog in and managed to get to sleep without the endorphin interference when he spotted a familiar figure pressing his way through the crowd.
“Hey,” John says, shaking his head brashly, taking Sherlock’s face between his hands and placing a quick, hard kiss on the suddenly downturned lips. “Stop. Don’t think that this is something it isn’t. This is us, yeah? You know us,” John reasons, and when some of the tension drains from his limbs, adds, “Where’s the man who was just grabbing my arse?”
Tomorrow is a new day, one that will now be the demarcation of the time between before and after he and Sherlock finally made love; they’ll interview a suspect, they’ll solve the case (God willing) and they’ll return to their life, together.
He glanced over at his laptop, tempted to log on and see if he could find the photos to which Mycroft was referring, but it would be of no use. Instead he ran his hands through his hair and grabbed some workout clothing. It took him only a few moments to pack his bag but as soon as he was through, he headed down to the gym, resolving to figure out what to do about John over a nice, long sweat.
John sniffs primly, lifts the cup and take a sip. “Thanks.” Olive branch accepted, Sherlock ducks his head in acknowledgement of the thanks and takes a step back towards the doors.
On his back, he wiggles his arse and settles, bed clothing tucked up beneath his armpits. “First things first,” John says, shimmying closer to Sherlock beneath the sheets. “If I’d known about how comfortable your mattress was years ago…”
Sherlock swallows. “I knew no such thing. I’ve nothing to glean data from.” He reaches primly forward, just so his hands will stop shivering in his lap. “That’s not a yes, by the way.”
At 35, Sherlock was one of the older athletes to qualify for Great Britain’s Olympic team, as well as being the oldest of the downhill skiers slated to perform at the games. He’d been to the games before, of course. For years he’d been widely regarded as one of the most graceful alpine skiers in the world. In Vancouver he’d narrowly lost the gold medal by three tenths of a second in the downhill event behind the highly favored American. In Turin he’d been a force to contend with being hailed by media outlets as the ‘Distinguished Dynamo,’ and had been the overall choice to take the gold. A rare miscalculation coming off of a steep turn had caused him to wipe out, his dreams of standing at the top of the podium skidding away.
John’s body shakes with a silent laugh and he shrugs a bit. “To be fair, I did nearly tell you to piss off the first go round.”
When he got to the line, a burst of chilled air hit his face and he inhaled deeply, his chest immediately protesting. With all of the endorphins he’d nearly forgotten about his injuries, had nearly forgotten about all that had happened to him over the previous week. He gazed down upon the mountain below him; sun dappled the shadows of trees across the course, the bright blue of the course marker seemed more vivid and vibrant, the orange warning fencing throbbed hot and alive in his vision and he sucked in a calming breath deep into his lungs.
Struggling with his body, John manages to turn onto his left side, curling into Sherlock, nuzzling his nose in the heat of Sherlock’s neck for a moment. He can hear Sherlock’s breath, hear him swallow, and when he takes Sherlock’s cock in hand, he feels Sherlock’s gasp against his cheek.
“What’s say we get through lunch and see where we are?” Just then the waitress comes and John places his order, three rolls and a bit of edamame, something he can’t help ordering when it’s on the menu.
He feels John’s tongue lap up his spine on a downstroke and hear’s John’s messy groan. “Yeah, that’s it, ride it.”
And that’s all John needs to hear, and the painfully corseted feeling in his ribs gives way to something lighter than air. He laughs, reins himself in with a hum and reaches out to squeeze Sherlock’s arm so hard that his knuckles turn white.
Sherlock opted for only one run and packed up his equipment for his team to bring back, returning to the Athlete’s Village alone to find an adequate dinner and calm his sudden nerves over the complexity of the course. It was a challenge, to be sure, and he found himself equal parts excited and apprehensive about the difficulty level of the slopes. This was what sparked the fire in him, this was what sent the heady rush through his veins.
“They’re quite right,” Sherlock said. “And there’s nothing to be done about that. Now, are you going to attempt to help us or are you going to continue to insult me for my lack of people skills?”
Sherlock barked out a laugh, nodded in agreement and tugged John down onto the bed, causing him to sprawl out awkwardly onto his stomach. Twisting, Sherlock lay out on the bed, head resting on his hand. “Today, I am sorry… that you had to deal with that. I want you to know, truly.”
With one hand flat against the plane of John’s stomach, Sherlock takes a breath and slides his mouth over John’s fullness, relaxing until he manages to take his entire length.
Sherlock’s right cheek jumps briefly in something John would guess might be a smirk. “I’ve not ranked them.”
“Yes,” he chuckled, peeking his tongue out to just slick over John’s right lobe. “Oh, indeed. Let’s go catch ourselves a criminal, John.”
There’s a ping, alerting him to a new email but John ignores it, just tries to read the chicken scratch that the doctor has scribbled. He leans back, goes to reply to the first email and ask if there’s any way that guest could provide him with the scan that is mentioned in the report. But then he sees the second email, the subject of which reads
But then, two minutes later there is another new message. Growling, Sherlock opens it, as though it pains him, and reads it twice before blinking across the room at the wall.
John tucks the covers up beneath his arms and stares up at the ceiling. He can hear the errant drip from the kitchen sink, notes the sounds of the flat settling from this new space. John listens closely to Sherlock’s breath, glances over and watches the sweet movements of his body in sleep.
John blinks and scrubs at his eyes with either hand. He’s only managed six hours of sleep. Sherlock’s broadcasting schedule combined with their unpredictable bouts of sex threw off his sleeping schedule.
“Yeah,” John said and began to pull away, Sherlock straightened, creating as much space between them as was possible in the small enclosure. Sherlock felt the loss instantly before John quickly pulled him back in with a strong arm around his hips, arse to pelvis and nipped delicately at his ear.
Sherlock pulled away and blinked, arrested for a moment by the light from the fire playing against John’s features. When he finally made eye contact with John, the only words he could manage were, “You’d… like me to?”
Sherlock watches him settle himself and once he’s got his pillow punched into near-perfect softness, John stills.
John regards Sherlock, takes in his demeanor, makes his own, simpler deductions. Sherlock isn’t put out by being here, of that John is entirely sure. Perhaps he is as intrigued about John and John is by him, and wouldn’t
. He wants to talk to me, wants to hear what I have to say, doesn’t… just open his mouth and say the first thing that comes to mind. He’s… no. No, he’s what he is, and you? You’re nothing but a bloody machine.”
“That!” Moriarty perked, almost skipping, stabbing a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “Was all Hanzu’s doing.
Sherlock huffs a near laugh and opens his email. There are three messages from Lestrade from four hours ago. He’s about to open them but scans the rest of new mail in his inbox instead.
“You too.” There’s a lingering hint of amusement in his tone, and John realises belatedly, working through the fog of lust that’s suddenly encompassed him, he’s being teased.
To his credit, Bode doesn’t tell Sherlock to act any other way than the way he’s acting, sometimes even having to bite his lip to keep from laughing. By the second set of runs, they’re playing off of one another, Bode ironing out the wrinkles that Sherlock purposefully inserts into his commentary.
Sherlock leaned in, dragging his nose back and forth through the short hair at John’s brow. “Of course.”
Sherlock felt the hand that was at his shoulder pull away and after a moment, it rested on his waist. “Great, thank you Greg,” John said with sincerity.
“Come boy,” he calls and the dogs gets up with little difficulty, trotting over and taking his place at Sherlock’s side as they leave the park. Sherlock can’t help allowing his mind to linger on that last image, the slightly rotund man with the easy smile; he isn’t attracted to the build or the face he’s dreamed up, not in the slightest. Surely that wouldn’t even be a thought that occured if he wasn’t think of this as something else entirely.
He clears his throat, passes his tongue over his lips, acknowledging that they’re hovering just on the precipice of getting into an area they don’t talk about. “The vanity thing? No, just, you know…seven times. In a night.”
: just put it together now. Victim, your inability to give us any more information, this is for some law enforcement entity, yes? And law enforcement would take a liver temperature reading at the scene.
It seemed that John might have had a similar idea in mind, allowing his hands only to wander as far as Sherlock’s waist, leaning on him fully but lightly. Sherlock’s hands roamed casually over John’s back, never deigning to slip beneath the fabric of his jumper. It was nice like this, the thrumming emotions somehow muted by the lethargy at which they moved; Sherlock was content to kiss behind John’s ear for some time, just lingering until John sighed happily and peeled himself back to sit up.
They sit in comfortable silence for a bit, watching some of the retrospectives play out on the screen before them. With only three days left at the Games, coverage has turned mainly to the events that have already ended, highlighting feats of incredible athletic ability and large personalities.
She takes a prim little sip and then levels him with her intense gaze. “You’re nervous. Tell me why.”
It was bizarre, being quite so overcome with emotion, but he managed it with grace, taking a deep breath before greeting each new interviewer.
, and not just in a sexual sense; he wanted his terrible jumpers in his cupboard and his medical journals cluttering up the sitting room. He wanted--no--
Sherlock couldn’t make much of the first entries, the scrawl fairly illegible. As he flipped through, however, he came across a page of names, names he knew. There were several members of the European Junior squad as well as several names Sherlock didn’t recognize. The second to last name on the list was Hanzu’s.
His team faded to the back; they knew not to try and speak with him after he was in his gear. Sherlock brought his gloved hands to the temples of his helmet and took a moment to fall back and away, into his mind. He visualized the mountain, could feel himself prepared and poised at the starting gate. It took him less than three seconds to run the course in his head and he did it again and again until an official called over the PA to inform him that he was due at the gate.
There was another requisite round of photographs with the other medalists and various posed photographs with the Union Jack that Sherlock found rather pointless and silly, but he went through the motions and committed them to memory, as it was certainly the only time he’d be forced to go through them. Greg remained all the while, playing coach and agent.
Shoulders back, he slumps down a bit more in the water, brings his feet up to press against the tiles. Best not to think of Baker Street now, when he’s trying to relax. Mary will be home any minute now and they’ll have to be off to the Haverfords’ for dinner. John doesn’t want to go, finds the Haverfords starchy and boring and bland, but Mary is convinced that they’ll need to be friendly with them, as Donald is on the board at the Chittendon School.
He smeared each on the plexiglass that served as the room’s chair rail and took various measurements that he knew were likely wholly inaccurate, if only for something to
Sherlock is lying in bed, thumb rubbing against the indent of the earpiece of his mobile, willing himself not to pick it up; Redbeard snuffles into his side and reminds him that he really ought to sleep but he can’t stop his mind from wandering back to the email waiting in his inbox.
“I ah,” John groaned a little; Sherlock pictured him stretching in his bed on the other side of Olympic Village. “Can’t do much in the way of providing medical attention with the state I’m in and they cleared me to fly in about a week, so.”
When he comes to this time around, it’s mid-afternoon and the dog is standing next to the bed, staring at him, as though he’s excited to tell Sherlock what’s happened at the shop. Sherlock hates himself momentarily for making Redbeard stay in for as long as he has, and tears himself from the bed. He locates a pair of loose sweatpants, boxer briefs, a vest and a sweatshirt and pulls them all on as he fumbles through the flat to the front door. “Come on, I’ll make it up to you,” and Redbeard trots right up to him and they head out.
For one brief second Sherlock looks stricken, and then they’re both falling back into delighted laughter. John watches him, the way his eyes crinkle and narrow, the way his jaw moves and creates a few more chins, the way his pupils shine and his stomach expands and contracts with the force of his mirth.
“Shut up,” John says on a grunt, struggling to his feet. “Well, since I have the night off and you’re not being helpful in the slightest,” he grunts again, working the tension out of his thighs, briefly, and then clapping his palms on the sides of his legs, “you might as well make this worth my while.”
Sherlock smiles, wickedly. “Yes, it was. Now eat.” He points at John’s dish with his fork and then goes a step further, snatching a piece of fish before John can even pick up his own utensils.
John hears keys in the door and then the front door to the house swinging open and hitting the wall. Mary must be carrying something; she’s always clumsy coming through the door if she has something in her hands.
They find nothing, as Sherlock was sure of, and they leave Scotland Yard a few minutes before noon. John doesn’t seem put out by the lack of new evidence, but then, it’s all part of the bigger puzzle, and that’s what has John fascinated, to be sure.
“And,” Sherlock shrugs, blanketing his lap in a cloth napkin, appearing so nonchalant that John is on tenterhooks, anticipating what Sherlock’s about to say. “Would this then be the proper moment for you to share something similar?”
Sherlock’s mouth tipped upward in a smile. John smiled back cautiously and licked his lips, sat up a bit straighter; he cleared his throat, straightened his spine and took on a stance Sherlock could only place as military. John looked steadfast, ready to take on the battles that lay ahead. “So, where do we begin?” he asked, all business. “After all, you’re the one who likes puzzles.”
“We can do away with the subterfuge now; it’s abundantly clear that you pose no risk to me.” Sherlock sounds almost bored, pulls out a small notebook and begins jotting things down into it.
John sucks in a breath and is astounded that he feels as though he might cry. Tipping his head back, he glances up at the ceiling, but doesn’t want Sherlock for one moment to get the impression that he’s avoiding any of this. “Oh jesus christ, it’s been years. Years, Sherlock, I swear… I’m sure you’ve counted. I know you have, all I know is that it’s been… forever. I can’t remember a time when I didn’t.”
“I just hope she can sleep for a few hours. Just one hour, at this point, so we can, you know, do this...”
He made quick work of his belt, button, and zip. His hand lifted from the waistband. “Would you like to help me?” He raised his eyebrow lasciviously.
“I am so sorry, Cara. I don’t know what’s gotten into him.” I found a table for us to set our things on while the kids sprinted for the swing set. I set down the cool box with the sandwiches I’d brought for all of us. Hamish has a peanut allergy, and it was just easier to bring something along rather than find a place kid-friendly for our afternoon out.
Sherlock lowered his head and got to work. As he slipped the last button from its hole, John slid his right hand from left to right, shoulder over his upper chest to the other shoulder, and pushed off Sherlock’s dark blue dress shirt. It joined his dressing gown at his feet. Sherlock shivered at the sweep of John’s gentle hand across his body. John grabbed Sherlock’s left shoulder and pulled him forward. “C’mere.”
“She told me some of it. I saw enough on my own. He was always so angry. I watched him break two reclining chairs. Picked them up and threw them on the floor until the springs broke. He broke a faucet in our loo, too. I tried to tell her she deserved better. Told her when I got home from the Army, that she could live with me. She told me to mind my business. Their marriage wasn’t my business. She never understood how that hurt my feelings. My father figured out that I’d figured HIM out when I was about ten. I became the arsehole of the family. The black sheep. I’d hear them talking about me behind my back. Terrible things. I told them it hurt my feelings; they told me to stop spying on their conversations. It was always my fault.”
Oh, God; an endearment. John’s sleep-softness was difficult for Sherlock to process and that caused him to release a jittered breath. John kissed his neck, beginning to sense everything that was happening to the man in his arms. They’d spoken the night before of Sherlock’s inexperience with physical intimacy. John had never equated it with a lack of emotional intimacy before this moment.
“I’ve bumped my head, is all. Can you make sure she’s all right? I really don’t want her to get all worked-up over this.”
“I think this is pretty bad, Sherlock. I can’t feel my legs and my spine feels as though parts of it are misaligned.” A grimace worked its way across John’s face and then he schooled his features.
“Let me go get you some ice.” As the words left his lips, he continued to sit beside me and look at my eye, at the stitches that were still there, his body betraying his brain’s intent.
“Yes, thanks for the reminder. I was married to Brad for eleven years. Sometimes, the person you’re supposed to be with doesn’t fit with your pattern. Before Brad, I’d only ever really been with women. You fall for a person, not a gender. I’d only dated one man before I met Brad, but when I met him, it was instant. I knew that he was going to be someone who was going to be important to me for the rest of my life. Even though we’re not together anymore, he’s still my son’s father, and I love him very much. And I always will. Just not that way, now. We’ve made peace with it.”
John glanced up from his laptop and felt his stomach swoop. He swallowed hard and tried to tamp down the flashes of memories he was having. His little girl was sitting next to him on the sofa, going on excitedly about fish and sharks, not knowing that her mother
"I’m most excited to not have to sleep on my back tonight! I must thank you again, for the arrangement you conceived to help me with that."
“What? What's the matter, Sherlock?” John shouted as he poked his head through the loo’s doorframe; a tendril of steam followed him.
“That’s it. Keep your foot behind us; give me the room I need to make this good for you.” John’s right knee pushed Sherlock’s right thigh forward and then his left hand found its way back to Sherlock’s warm skin. He dragged it in circles over his chest and belly, scratching his nail across the coarse hair around Sherlock’s leaking cock. The right half of Sherlock’s body was on the bed, his left half against John’s heaving chest. His hand settled over Sherlock’s heart and he pressed his hand against it, feeling it pound against his palm. As the ferocity of John’s thrusts increased, Sherlock went limp in John’s arms. Each forward press lifting Sherlock off the bed.
“It’s all right, now. We’ve said the words. The hardest part is over now. We’re on the other side of our walls. I’ve got you. You’ve always had me.” Sherlock’s gasp was watery this time.
“You were just trying to help her escape him, John. That was an almost impossible situation. You were a teenager, your early 20s. There was only so much you could do for a grown woman who wouldn’t accept your help.” That didn’t seem to deter him.
John received another bit of good news at his six-week post-operative checkup. He was allowed to take off the sling! He was instructed by his surgeon and her Physician Assistant to do a few things he hadn’t been able to do before, but to not do anything too risky:
“And if a little bit of you should happen to rub off on her, I’d be all the happier. Although, having two geniuses in the house for the rest of my life sounds a bit daunting at the present moment.”
“There you are.” A relieved smile crossed John’s face. “I’m fine. Rose is in the bath, safe and sound. You’re unscathed, and I’ll be okay once I get the bleeding to slow up. You give me your gloves and I’ll pick up the glass. I’ll give the floor a sweep, and when I’m done, I’ll go get my kit and stitch this up. You can go get Rosie out of the bath. Don’t need to be getting the fresh dressing all wet!”
"Lean back against the pillows for a mo'. Let me see you. I don't deserve this. Don't deserve you. You are tremendous. You've always been tremendous.”
“John! You’re our guest! You sit down this instant and let me handle the washing up!” Mrs. Holmes was adamant, shaking her right index finger at him.
Sherlock crouched next to the corpse and pulled a set of gloves from his pocket. He ran a finger across the victim’s face and glanced past John and then right back to the body.
“How could you do that? Why? Why do you always do stupid things like that?” Sherlock’s right hand moved to cover the scarf, and with it, John’s shaking hand.
They were just finishing up their dinner that evening when a song, playing low in the background from the small radio next to the stove, interrupted John from shoving the empty pizza box into a bin bag. He stopped before the whole box was inside. The rubbish could wait.
“Yes, John. Please.” Needing no further supplication, his hand made its way further inside and he managed to get one side of Sherlock’s pants over his hip, but that’s where the progression halted.
Sherlock stepped towards John’s back and spun him around, and was startled by the chunk of glass jutting from the meaty part of his hand underneath his right thumb.
Sherlock shook his head, unconvinced. “You’re going to hurt me Sherlock, but I need you to. I trust you, Sherlock. I need you right now. Can you do this for me?”
“I think I might need your help, if you’re okay with that.” Sherlock stood as straight as John’s ever seen him. “I suppose I could do that for you. If you really need me to.”
“I’m where I want to be. I’m not ‘missing anything’, as you stated earlier. If I felt that way for her, I’d have gone to her long ago. I’m here. With you. Surely that means something. Even if we never feel 'all right' again, we still have each other. We'll always try to make it better. Most times, we'll fail; but we'll always try. Because we love each other, John."
“The worst part? She died first! She never got to have any peace before she passed. He won, even in death. I see a lot of me in him. The moodiness. How mean I can be. The violence. I don’t want that for anyone who cares for me. I don’t want to be him. I hope you never see me the way I see myself.”
I was so stunned by his sudden proximity, my limbs robotically did as he’d requested. He sat down beside me and turned to face me.
This was their first time talking about this. Since they became intimate, John had always been the receiving partner, Sherlock fearing for John’s shoulder.
“Rose? Why don’t you go play in our room for a bit while Sherlock and I get supper ready, hmmm?” John had his soldier face on. Sherlock was more worried than he had been two minutes ago.
The sound of glass shattering against the linoleum flooring of the flat resounded in the unusually quiet space.
“I think I misspoke last night during my little diatribe about how amazing you are. I forgot to mention the night Rosie was born. That was one of the most beautiful experiences of my life. I was the first person to see her. I delivered her on the backseat of my and Mary’s car. I’d have to say that’s got to be tied with you.”
“I believe that’s what the paperwork your surgeon sent you home with said. You had to wait for three to four days for the incisions to stop weeping. They looked fine this morning.”
Molly couldn’t believe what she was seeing. A few years ago, at the sight of what she was currently seeing, the tears she would have been crying would have been those of selfishness, knowing that she would never have this with Sherlock. Now, they’re tears of unrepentant joy. Her love for Sherlock has never diminished, it’s just shed its skin and changed its form.
“Easy with that kind of talk. I won’t be up for any of that for a few more weeks. At least not the good stuff.”
Once Sherlock had Rosie sufficiently calmed down, they both returned to the sitting room, an ice bag in Sherlock's hand. He passed it to John and asked,
. Rosie had been wandering towards some lovely, dark-purple bell-shaped flowers. Almost like she was on a mission.
Rosie climbed onto the seat of her chair and John got his right forearm under her bum and hefted her to his chest. The music now blared through the tinny speaker. Sherlock turned to watch his loves.
“If you ever want to talk about it, I want to hear about it, but only if you want to. I will never force you to talk about it. Thank you, for everything. I meant what I said before, about seeing you. Seeing everything you’ve done for me.
“The way he was sat on his chair… He only ever brings his knees up like that when he’s upset. Anxious or angry.”
“She did something to Sherlock, and I don’t think I’ve ever really forgiven her for it. He landed in hospital not very long after he’d come home. I’d just gotten him back and he was in hospital because of my wife. She almost killed him, and I’d almost lost him, AGAIN. I could barely look at her, and she was pregnant with our daughter! We’d just been married. She knew how much he’d meant to me before we’d met and she knew how utterly overjoyed I was to have him be resurrected. And she tried to take him away from me anyway!”
“Did you not hear me earlier? I know you were excited about your flower caper being successful, and then you were presented with your first case in over two months. I said no.”
“I'm so sorry, John. I'm so sorry I hurt you that profoundly. That was never my intention. I want to talk to you about that someday whenever you’re able. I don't think today is a good day for that, I agree with you.” I winced and wished, not for the first time, for John to be as unobservant as I always tell him he is.
Sherlock’s phone buzzed, saving him for the emotional turmoil he was about to needlessly put himself through. He shifted Rosie to his left hip to retrieve it from his coat pocket.
John shook his head with a fondness writ all over his face. “Please don’t apologise for being kind, Sherlock. I’m really glad you’re sitting here with me, keeping me company. Hey. Give me one of those giant paws you call hands for a second. If you’re not careful, you’re going to squeeze your own fingers the wrong way and need a procedure of your own. Gimme.”
“I am Godfather to Rosamund, am I not? I thought that immediately made us family, but I am also not good at those things. Haven’t had much practice, so please, do correct me if I’m mistaken.”
“Don’t want you to stop it. Want to watch you. Want to feel you grip my cock inside your pulsing heat. Come on. You come, I come. You first. Always you first.”
“It doesn't hurt anymore. It looks worse than it feels,” I lied. My vision was still a bit off, and the stitches itched like hell.
“I’m fine, you two. Just tweaked my shoulder a bit on the cargo exchange there.” He bent his neck and winked at his little girl. “I’ll be just fine in a mo’, love. Just need a little ice!”
“I know that sounds ridiculous. Especially to you, since you always said you thought my poetry was rubbish. But I mean it. I’ve seen so much, been through so much, and you have done nothing but sacrifice yourself for me. I’ve seen you do all you’ve done, and there was something in the back of my mind that kept telling me that you don’t feel things like that; you didn’t love people. Even though your actions disproved that theory over and over again. You didn’t run when I jumped on Moriarity’s back. You stepped off a roof and murdered your reputation to save me and the lives of others you care for. You walked straight into a fire to save me from dying in it while my fiancée stood and watched. You helped plan a wedding for the man you love because you thought someone else was better for him and his happiness. You shot someone in the head to protect someone who had shot you not long before, to protect me and the life you thought I should lead. You let yourself plummet to the depths of your addictions to pull me out of my own. You are the most selfless person I know. I’ve never said the words properly before tonight, but I’m going to get it right now: Thank you. For everything you’ve done for me, Sherlock. I cherish you. But, please, be careful with yourself. I could not bear it if I had to watch you die again.”
' Sherlock was temporarily struck dumb by the fact that John Watson and his daughter, were living with him at Baker Street. The flat he once shared alone with John. They were (a bit of) a family, Sherlock supposed. They were perfect enough for Sherlock.
“Okay. I am so ridiculously ready for this to proceed. Slick yourself up, and put a bit on me, okay? Your belly is going to be rubbing against me and we don’t need any sparks.”
“Hello, Princess Rosamund. How would you like a bit of lasagne and some applesauce?” He reached down and scooped her up, and pressed his nose to her silky, blond hair. She went soft in his arms, and let him carry her to the kitchen, and a yawn escaped her mouth.
Rosie toddled into the room and clambered onto a chair, with John close behind her. John walked up behind Sherlock and slid his right arm around his belly. “Are you okay?” John whispered.
John could only shake his head. The expression of fondness that passed over his face was one that he’d never thought himself capable. “Be right there!”
It was their third anniversary. Sherlock made a point, on all of their anniversaries, to adhere as closely as possible to all wedding gift traditions. John liked traditions. So Sherlock learned to like a few of them, for John’s sake. As always, Sherlock delivered.
