Sam snorted and looked at Cas, raising his eyebrows, "Yeah, I bet". Thankfully, Cas tried to help, but Dean wasn't sure if there was any kind of cure for this pretty messed up situation. "I might have found a way to banish Michael from Dean's head, which would include me possessing Dean", Castiel started to explain, "It won't be easy, but as we‘re already talking in innuendos..I‘d say you‘re hardly a virgin..in any respect, Dean".
Had he fallen asleep? Why? And why was he lying in Dean's bed? Had he..?
Cas looked up in anticipation when he heard the bunker's door open. "Dean", he exclaimed and a wave of shock rushed through his body, when he saw the hunter clutching onto his belly, blood dripping from a huge flesh wound that was gaping there. He rushed over and looped Dean's arm over his shoulder to support him and led him to his room. "Sam", Castiel screamed out hoarsely, as he laid Dean down on his bed, "Dean is here. Help me. Quick!"
"I believe in us, Dean", Sam said with total conviction, before he hit his brother in the face. "I believe in us", he repeated and was making a move to hit him again.
"I was just about to leave and wanted to leave you a note", Cas announced, "I figured that I would..stretch my legs for a while, as you humans say." Dean looked at him in concern. Had he pushed Cas away with his ignorant behavior? Dean didn't have a good feeling about Castiel leaving. But just as he was about to protest, Castiel added, "I will be back soon".
"You don't understand, Dean-", Castiel tried to explain. "Yeah?", Dean asked mockingly, "What exactly is it that I don't understand?". He was furious. Cas walked towards Dean, but Dean still just looked at him in disbelief. "Dean, I did it to save Jack", Castiel clarified, "And I know that you would have done the same, if you had been given the chance".
The hunter let out a strangled groan when he felt Cas' exploring hands wandering over his lower back, his nails skimming over and digging into his flesh. Dean carded his fingers through Cas' hair, slightly tugging on it and hissing against the angel's lips whenever Cas' nails got a little too eager on his back. Their kiss was intense and passionate, teeth scraping over lips, tongues delightfully moving against each other in a wet and hot slide as the room was filled with their desperate moans.
Cas scrolled through all the various books and records about angels and angelic posession that he could find. He wasn't even aware how much time he spent sitting there, flipping through page after page, without finding anything useful, until his eyes finally fell on a paragraph that aroused his interest. He read the paragraph over and over again, as though he couldn't believe what he was reading there.
"How about breakfast?", Cas asked his lover thoughtfully. "Breakfast sounds good. I'm starving", Dean answered with an adoring smile on his lips, before Cas stood up from his chair and started to prepare the breakfast. Dean mustered the angel admiringly, as his eyes fell on the small patch of skin where his shirt -
No matter how mad he was at Dean for putting his life on the line like that, deep inside, Cas also felt very grateful and flattered, even if he hated to admit it. He could feel the thunderous pounding of his heart against his ribcage whenever he thought about the determination and devotion that it must have taken Dean to go through with his plan. And even though he couldn't quite put his finger on it, Cas could feel that something had changed between them since Dean had come back from his fight with the archangel Lucifer. He could see it in the hunter's eyes when he looked at him and it was also apparent in his behavior towards him. Cas felt like Dean was finally starting to allow himself to be happy without questioning it and it filled the angel's heart with..wait, was that happiness?
Still, there was this slight sense of unease that felt like a small dark pit inside Castiel's belly. He tried to indulge in his bliss and enjoyed every moment with Dean, just like he had vowed to do, but deep inside, Cas was longing for more. This feeling that embraced him in a warm hug managed to simultaneously destroy him from the inside out. It bit and scratched and kicked at him, eating him up before it choked him out again. It made him feel like he was whole and yet it managed to destroy him at the same time. He felt like the very essence of his happiness depended on Dean and suddenly, he knew the name of the feeling.
Instead, Castiel looked at him with this genuine smile as if Dean was the most precious thing in the world and it made Dean feel even worse. "No, you don't understand, Cas", Dean interrupted him, trying to make the angel see what a horrible person he was, "I've been an asshole..not only today. I hate myself for the way I treated you and-". Tears were dwelling in Dean's eyes again, as the words spluttered out of his mouth, but Castiel wouldn't let Dean blame himself any further. "I know, Dean", he affirmed before he pulled Dean close to his chest and wrapped him into a tight and warm hug.
"Deeper", Dean soon demanded, his sweaty hair sticking to his forehead. And with every inch that Cas pushed into him, the pain gradually faded and turned into breathtaking bliss. The hunter gasped at the loss of contact when Castiel slowly pulled out of him, but was rewarded with a delightful moan from the angel, that vibrated right through him when he pushed back in, a bit faster this time.
They met Donatello's doctor on the corridor, who looked at them sympathetically and told them that they were making the right choice, as Donatello was now only kept alive and kept in this persistent vegetative state by machines. "Sometimes letting go
Suddenly, it all became a blur. The more Castiel caught up to Michael, the more muddled the memories became. He saw Dean sitting next to Lisa, looking longingly into the distance, as he prayed for Castiel to return to him. He felt the awkwardness and the butterflies inside Dean's belly as he said, "Cas, we've talked about this. Personal space". He felt Dean's hopelessness when he prayed for him in purgatory. He felt Dean's nightmares, of monsters and demons, one worse than the next. He felt his fear of losing the ones he loved. And he felt Dean's heart racing whenever he thought about Castiel.
A few hours later, Dean came into the kitchen, wearing a red and black plaid shirt. "Mornin' sunshine", he greeted Sammy. "Hey", his brother replied, without looking up from his laptop. "What you looking at? Porn? Sex tapes? Nip slips?", Dean asked jokingly. Sam chuckled, "The internet is more than just naked people. You do know that, right?". Dean smiled, "Not my internet".
About
Castiel was startled by Dean’s sudden outburst and turned his gaze back to the windshield. He, too, was relieved that the song had been interrupted, as it gave him way too many feelings. He tried to catch Dean's glance in the rearview mirror, but - for once - he was just staring straight at the street in front of him.
Dean could feel the angel smile against the side of his neck, as the hunter planted a soft kiss on Cas' temple. "I believe I just said something along those lines as well", Cas admitted with a low chuckle, as he propped himself up on his elbows to look at Dean. Dean looked into the angel's eyes and smirked boyishly at him, "So that's what that was, huh? Guess I need to find an Enochian dictionary to translate all of that gibberish then". Cas grinned shyly and bit his lips before he rested his head on Dean's chest again to press lazy, open-mouthed kisses on his clavicle. For a while, there was nothing to be heard, except for the soft hush of their breathing.
, he thought,
"W-what kind of babbled word?", Sam asked. The doctor gestured towards the examination room and prompted them to follow him. Sam went after the doctor, while Dean and Castiel stayed behind. Dean looked after Sam before he turned to face Cas.
Dean groaned as he felt Cas' finger inside him, his other hand still kneading his ass. He tried to relax his muscles around the angel's finger and shuddered as the angel slowly worked his finger deeper into him. Castiel watched Dean carefully and the hunter could see the question in his eyes, even though he hadn't said a single word yet. Dean bit his lips and nodded softly in answer, although it hurt more than he had expected it to. He spread his legs wider to allow the angel better access.
Dean couldn't believe it. First, there was the shock of Jack burning up a huge part of his soul to save the angel and now he found out that Cas had traded his soul to save the kid? How could he do this? Cas should have known by now that it wasn't wise to make a deal, much less so if you didn't know who exactly you were up against. Sure, Dean could understand that Cas wanted to save the boy, because he was like a son to him, but there must have been another way. And even if there hadn't been, he could at least have told them about it. Instead, he had decided to lie to them. He had decided to lie to Dean..again..and it hurt like hell, because he thought that they had moved past this already.
. The sonuvabitch is finally gone for good and..man, I don't know how I can ever make this up to you", Dean said genuinely, as he squeezed Cas' hand, which he hadn't realized he was still holding. "I guess that means we're even now", Cas said, but Dean could feel a sense of unease in the way that the angel's voice slightly trembled.
And the more Dean thought about it, the more sense it suddenly all made. This had been building up since the beginning, since Cas had
for Dean and this was exactly the kind of anchor that he needed right now. Dean lost himself in the moment and let Castiel's presence ground him as his breathing slowly evened and his hands stopped to shake.
Dean opened his eyes and they crinkled with the soft and honest smile that he gave the angel. It was the first time in a long while that Cas had seen Dean smile and it filled the angel's heart with warmth. He was relieved that Dean had let him get close to him again and it was as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders.
"I'm sorry..what?", he asked faintly, still clinging to the hope that he had just misheard. That this was some kind of bad dream and he would wake up any second now. But when Dean saw the guilt-filled look on Jack's face, as the turned around and realized what he had just done, all his hopes were destroyed in a flash.
When he was sure that he was ready, he took a forceful leap forward. Dean's body shook with a sudden tremor and before Michael knew what hit him, Dean had smashed him back and taken back the control over his body again. Dean was sent stumbling and it felt like he had been thrown back into the field after he had blacked out, so he tried to ground himself before he walked towards Lucifer unsteadily.
Dean had expected anything but this. He would have deserved
Dean knew that there was no point in discussing this right now, here on the corridor of this nursing home. "Okay, all right. Why don't we talk about that later?"
The first time they had met, Dean had put a knife in his chest.
When Castiel carefully placed his hand on Dean's shoulder, where he had left his mark all of these years ago, Dean realized that his own hands were shaking violently. Even though it was just a subtle touch, with all the words that Cas had just said, it felt like the most intimate gesture and it sent another flash of guilt right to Dean's stomach.
"Not now, Cas", Dean murmured, before he continued his way to the garage.
Dean took a deep breath and went through his entire plan of action in his mind, before he pushed the handle of the metallic door down. It wasn't locked, so he just cautiously entered the room that was brightly illuminated.
Late at night, when everyone in the bunker was asleep, Cas sneaked into Dean‘s bedroom. Dean was soundly sleeping, his naked chest rising and falling with his even breaths. Dean hadn‘t slept so calmly in weeks. Cas had heard the screams coming out of his room at night, even when he wasn‘t sitting on the chair next to Dean's bed watching him sleep. Even though Dean had pushed Cas away and had refused any of his attempts to help him, Cas still wanted to make sure that Dean was okay, because he was worried about him. Seeing him sleep so tightly was good, because he really needed some time to recover.
"Sounds..good", Jack uttered hesitantly, "I'm sorry to ask but..why is it that you guys look so beaten up?"
me anything".
There was something different in Dean's eyes today, something that Cas couldn't quite grasp.
It took him everything not to throw up right then and there, because it was too much of what he wanted all at once. The realization of the angel's unconditional love for him was overwhelming and even though he could have figured as much from the way that Cas had kissed him in the hallway and the way that he had always forgiven Dean for rejecting him without a single question every fucking time, it was only now that Dean began to fully understand the scale of it all.
was what family ultimately was all about.
Led Zeppelin - Thank You
Up until this moment, he had focused on his determination to save Cas, not caring if he would ever make it back alive, but now, the only thing that was important to him, was to return to him. To see that smile on Castiel's face again and to get the chance to maybe, just maybe take a shot to get a glimpse at the hapiness that he had denied himself for far too long.
Dean opened his eyes, a glaring beam of blue shining through the mossy greens. He forced Lucifer down until his knees gave in under him. Dean watched as the devil's eyes burned out in a bright beam of light, the life draining out of him with an ear-piercing screeching sound. Nick's lifeless body fell to the ground with a dull thud, Lucifer's black wings splayed out around him.
brushings of their fingers and the fact that they were always standing just a little too close. But it was getting increasingly harder to pretend that he didn't notice anything, because they were just getting more and more ridiculous.
Dean couldn't keep himself from staring at Castiel's slightly toned chest as he dressed his wound with gauze bandages. Although he didn't work out, Cas' body was in a good shape and Dean might have lost track of what he was doing there for a second. He was brought back to his senses by another sharp hiss that escaped Castiel's mouth, because apparently, he had applied a bit too much pressure to the sore skin. "I'm sorry", Dean hushed him, "I'm almost done".
. And if that wasn't enough already, Dean had offered him
His joy didn't last too long however, as he was gruesomely reminded of his wounds by a stabbing pain that spread in his stomach. He tore Nick's shirt off his body and pressed it tightly onto his wound, before he pulled it into a tight knot, hissing through his teeth at the torrid pain.
He ran his hands down his face and took a deep breath. Why was all of this crap about feelings so damn complicated? Why couldn't anything ever be easy for him? Was this his punishment for being a douchebag?
Sam went back to his room to do some research, but mostly, to give his brother and the angel a bit of space to get used to this new situation. The last thing that he heard from the kitchen were some wet sounds that sounded unmistakably like kissing and he took that as his cue to walk even faster, because this was something that he definitely didn't need to hear.
Dean sang along to the lyrics as he looked at the street in front of him. He was aware that this could just as well be a suicide mission for him. Only this time, there was even more on the line. His plan was risky, but he needed to know that he was still able to pull something like this off, to prove to himself that he was the strong man that could take care of others. The man he had always wanted to be.
"Since when?", Dean asked, his voice lowered now, but it was unmistakably tinged with hurt. Cas looked at the floor ruefully, "It was when Jack died and I pulled his soul from heaven back into his body". Dean scoffed, "So that's how you got Michael's location, huh?". Dean was speechless.
Cas saw himself through Dean's eyes. The image was blurry and he felt the numbing pain in Dean's face, as the angel's fists relentlessly smashed into him. He could even taste the blood on his tongue and like a punch in the gut, he remembered the moment, when Naomi had brainwashed him and had ordered him to kill Dean. Dean reached out his hand as he spoke the words with a cracking voice "Cas, it's me. We're family. We need you..I need you". Cas shuddered. He heard the clinking sound of his angel blade hitting the ground. "I love you", Dean's voice sobbed weakly, but Castiel had already touched the angel tablet and had vanished with it.
Dean's gaze was heavy on Castiel, almost tangible, as the hunter pulled him closer. The angel exhaled a small breath, his lips parting as he reached around and pushed a hand up from the nape of Dean's neck through his hair. He tilted his head to lean in closer and looked into Dean's eyes, waiting for him to make the next move.
Before he could further think about it, Sam entered the kitchen, clearing his throat. Dean looked at him, irritated. "I forgot my book", Sam explained and took it from the kitchen table, before he left the room again.
"Dean..", Castiel insisted, his whole body trembling "..if there's a spark..a hope..then I have to try"
, Dean thought and pulled the iPod connection cable out of the Impala‘s dashboard in anger. He knew that he had to deal with his feelings sooner or later, but he wasn't ready to face the music just yet.
The hunter ran his fingers through the short hair on the nape of Cas' neck and slightly pushed his head down onto his cock to urge him on. Castiel sucked Dean's throbbing erection into his mouth as he slid his tongue around it in a swift motion. "Ahhh..yes, babe, just like that", Dean moaned and if he hadn't been this turned on, he would've been ashamed by the slight squeal in his voice. Instead, he just looked down at the angel, who was hollowing his cheeks, sucking Dean's dick even deeper into his mouth.
The moment was gone before he knew it, soon replaced by the increasing speed of Dean's beating heart and the admiration that he had felt when Cas had made him bacon cheeseburgers. He could even taste the burger on his tongue in the way that Dean had and he missed being able to taste food like a human for a spare second.
In his hopes that a hunt was the best idea to take his mind off things, Dean didn't factor in that Cas might be joining their hunt as well. But there he was, his trenchcoat swishing around his knees as he strode towards the Impala. He muttered a careful "Good morning" as he reached Dean's earshot, but there was no answer and not even a nod in his direction.
When he woke up the next morning, it all seemed as clear as day. His mind was set and Dean wasn't even afraid of what he was about to do, because his determination was stronger than ever and he knew that he had nothing left to lose. There wasn't a single trace of doubt left in his body and the clarity made Dean feel more at ease with himself than he had been in a long time.
For the past few weeks he had been able to push them into a silent corner at the back of his mind. He had been too busy keeping Michael at bay anyway. But now that the ever thumping Michael had been temporarily silenced by Cas’ spell, he had all the more time to think about it and it drove him nuts.
"You know I don't like to kiss in front of other people", they heard Daniel hiss behind them. "You've got some nerve, Daniel. I was going crazy back here", Jim whined. "I told you, you don't have to worry", Daniel soothed him. "Just be more careful next time" was the last thing that they heard Jim say as the noise of their bickering faded in the distance.
He turned Castiel's hand around in his and pressed his other palm against the angel's and observed the way they fit together perfectly. "But you get it, Cas. You know our lives..the things we deal with every day. You‘re..
Dean releases Michael to fight against Lucifer in order to save Cas from his deal with the Empty. But can he lock Michael back up again in order to save himself?
Dean looked up to face his brother "Yeah, why wouldn‘t I be?"
started to play and it hit Dean so hard, he had to catch his breath.
Considering the words that Cas had just spoken, it felt extremely rude and selfish not to say something back, but it seemed like all the words had in some way magically been wiped from Dean's vocabulary and he felt entirely inadequate.
Dean put Nick in handcuffs and tied him to a chair, before he started to interrogate him. Apparently, Nick desperately wanted to talk, but he wouldn't tell Dean what he really wanted to know, which was Donatello's current location. Dean looked around the house to see if he could find any clues to his whereabouts. He found an empty syringe in the trash can, that he held in front of Nick's face triumphantly. "Dumpster diving?", Nick mocked him, "Classic".
Then suddenly, there was a deafening sound and it felt like time stood still.
"I have to talk to Jack first", the angel intervened as he continued his way alone, still a little bit shaky on his legs. "Wait, Cas.", Dean called out as he walked after him and reached out his hands to support the angel, "You should lie down. These wounds aren‘t a walk in the park and you're still a little groggy". Dean looked at him with concern in his eyes. "I will", Cas promised him, "I just have to talk to Jack first".
"Bon Jovi rocks..", Dean answered determinedly, "..on occasion". He bobbed his head along to the music and tapped the beat on the steering wheel with his left hand, as he drove towards the rising sun.
Dean mouthed along to the words and looked at Cas adoringly. His heart filled with nothing but love when he felt his boyfriend's hand resting on his own on top of the gearshift. Cas looked back at him with an honest-to-God smile that shone even brighter than the sun ahead of them. He looked at Sam and Jack through the rearview mirror and saw them warmly smiling back at him.
Dean swallowed hard as it struck him. Of course. Now it all made sense. Cas hadn't rejected him because he didn't want to be with him. But he couldn't allow himself to be too happy, because it meant that he would die and go back to the Empty. "What a cruel bitch", Dean bleated. His brother sighed and nodded.
had". Sam just raised his eyebrows and chuckled to himself as they all focused their attention back on their respective meals.
"Sure", Dean answered and Sam opened the door. Dean squinted his eyes at the light that suddenly fell in from the hallway. "I thought Cas was with you", Sam remarked as he looked at his brother questioningly. "He was", Dean answered, as he looked down at his feet, "He just left..said he's got work to do".
Now his brother looked at him even more confused and he couldn't hold back a snarky comment. "Dean, are you sure that this is a good idea? I mean with your clumsiness today..", Sam teased him suspiciously, but he couldn't refrain his chuckle.
minutes later, Sam and Jack were still waiting for them. Sam had already taken his place in the backseat of the Impala next to Jack to give the two of them some space in the front, but they were still nowhere to be seen. "What is taking them so long?", Jack asked innocently. Sam snorted. There was no way that he would give Jack
. Cas had been the first angel that Dean ever had ever come in contact with and when they first met, the angel had tried to convince Dean to say 'Yes' to Michael as well. However, after learning the value of free will from Sam and Dean, he had rebelled against heaven and against his mission, to be loyal to Dean and had abandoned the idea of following the plans that God had laid out for them.
Had he really just slept for twelve hours straight? And had Dean been watching him the entire time? How? Why? The questions kept popping up in his head and he couldn't make any sense of it all. What had happened? He was confused.
Sam breathed a small laugh, before he started to explain, "So..Cas told me that the Empty wouldn't take his soul right away. It wanted to wait until Cas finally allowed himself to be happy just to be able to take it all away from him then".
But Dean had been too stupid to even begin to realize the scale of it all and to see the true motivation behind Castiel's actions. Because even though the angel had made mistakes, he had always made them for a good reason. To protect his family.
So far, his research hadn't been very successful however, because there wasn't a lot of lore or records concerning the Empty, so he soon went to expand his research to other subject areas as well, trading the thermos jug for a cold bottle of beer, when his chances of finding a solution seemed to decrease.
Meanwhile, Dean drove to Donatello's house on his own, speeding the Impala across the dark highway.
He was determined to find a way to save Cas and he would make this bitch pay, even if it was the last thing that he did. This time, he wouldn't be too late. This time he would do whatever it would take to save Cas.
Dean just stood there, completely frozen, as Castiel‘s words echoed inside his head. He knew that they were family and cared about each other, however, hearing these words from Cas still elicited some strange and unknown feelings in him.
The image faded into a blur again until everything was dark, except for the flickering of a television screen. Cas was sitting in the Dean cave, the hunter's head resting in his lap as Cas ran his fingers through his hair. He could see how Dean turned around to face Cas, his arm twining around the angel's neck as he pulled him closer and kissed him. It was just a quick peck, but Cas could feel the hidden meaning beneath it.
The angel opened his eyes and looked around himself in bewilderment. He was lying on Dean's bed, tucked into the warm sheets while Dean was sitting on the side of the bed and looked at him, his green eyes weary and full of concern. "Hey", Dean said softly and his lips curled up in a warm smile, when he finally saw the angel stir. Cas could see the deep shadows under his worry-filled eyes. He felt the hunter's warm hand gently squeezing his own where it was resting on the duvet. Castiel shook his head in confusion and decided that he needed a moment to assess the situation he was presented with.
Castiel hadn't been initiated into Dean's plans to save him, but he could feel that something was up with the hunter. Dean spent an extraordinary amount of time reading, which wasn't usual for him. Whenever they weren't busy with a case, Dean would be cooped up in the library, silently reading through an unending plethora of books until he would eventually fall asleep with his head on the last volume that he had been reading.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he had the sinking feeling in his stomach that the last night had only been a dream. He lay in his bed, naked and alone, but when he heard the distant sound of the running shower and felt the duvet clinging to his body where it was still sticky with cum, he knew that it hadn't just been a dream. Dean sighed in relief. He felt his stomach churn violently, because he hadn't eaten in what must have been more than a day now.
Castiel was confused, though. Why did this song have such an effect on Dean? Was it because of what had happened last night? Or was it because of something else that had happened in the past, that had nothing to do with him? Maybe it was just another one of Sam and Dean's inside jokes that he didn't understand.
The fact that Cas was his friend didn't exactly make it any easier either. Whatever he was about to do or say would irrevocably change their relationship for ever. Once words had been spoken and things had been done, there would be no turning back and Dean knew it. But he wanted to do it right this time. For them. For
Castiel listened intently while Dean was speaking, but it appeared like this wasn't exactly what he needed to hear right now. Dean watched as the angel looked down at his feet with slouched shoulders, trying to hide his all too visible disappointment from Dean as he answered, "Thank you. That is..nice of you to say".
Cas had promised Dean that he wouldn't snoop around in his private affairs, but Michael made it infinitely hard for him. Apparently, this was a part of his plan to distract Castiel and shake him off and the worst part was that it had almost worked.
But even though he was tired and his headaches were gone, sleep didn't come easily to him. Dean kept turning around from side to side, but he couldn‘t get the memory out of his head. The way that Cas‘ lips had felt on his. The warmth of his tender touch and the familarity he had felt in this moment. He had kissed many lips in his life, but no woman‘s lips had ever been so ridiculously soft.
"And I certainly won‘t let you kill yourself", the angel said with determination.
. The words sent an ecstatic tingle to Dean's belly. God, it was cheesy..but who was Dean to refuse a little chick flick moment of his own?
, Dean? Don‘t you know how much
"You're so stupid", Cas bleated with a cracking voice, looking at Dean through the tears that began to slowly fill his eyes, "You could have died, you idiot!". For a moment, the angel was unable to cope with this situation, not knowing where to start. Dean's body was laced with wounds and the blood loss was massive. Cas took a deep breath to collect himself and turned his attention towards the biggest wound that was still bleeding on Dean's stomach.
Cas tilted Dean's chin up with his hand to force him to look directly into his eyes, his lips still so close to Dean's that he could feel the hunter's hot breath ghosting against his skin. A cocky smile pulled up the corners of Castiel's mouth as he cheekily asked, "I didn't hear what you were saying earlier..could you repeat that for me, please?".
Ultravox - Lament
"I'll get the dressing material", Sam called as he vanished down the hallway.
He sat there in front of the open book, racking his brains and pondering if his theory could work out. It would be dangerous, that was certain. But he knew that he had to try it. But how in God's name would he tell Dean?
"Except there is..", Cas interrupted Dean, pointing his finger at a specific paragraph right in the middle of the page.
The angel could feel that Dean was close from the way his cock began to twitch erratically in his hand. "Say my name", Castiel growled darkly as he ever so slightly raised his left eyebrow and the dominant tone in his voice sent another jolt of pleasure straight to Dean's cock, "I want you to say my name when you come undone".
"Woah, hey..easy", Sam tried to settle, before he asked his brother, "Dean, why are you so irritable lately?" Sam was concerned. He knew that the argument that his brother had had with Cas last night was probably the reason for the bad blood between them, but as this had nothing to do with him, the best he could do was to get them to talk.
The brothers drove over to
Dean felt the warmth of Castiel's hand that was still wrapped around his wrist. The skin on his hand felt a bit rough but his strong grip grounded Dean. He looked at the angel's beautifully shaped lips, that looked so kissable in this moment. All he wanted to do right now, was to pin Cas against the fridge and kiss him until they both couldn't breathe anymore. He couldn't help but lick his own lips as he took a step towards the angel.
Dean felt Cas' stubble graze over the sensitive skin of his neck and his whole body shuddered at this new sensation. The angel continued his way downwards and when he licked around the head of Dean's dick and over the slit, the hunter couldn't help but bite his lips in pleasure. Didn't Cas just say that he hadn't done this before? And yet there he was, teasing Dean's cock with his tongue like a damn professional.
And, as always, Cas couldn't deny the hunter his wish.
By the time he stepped out of the shower, he had decided that he would just forget about what happened and not bring it up again. It was awkward enough for both of them already, so he wouldn't bother Cas with it. And with all that they had on their plates right now, it was probably for the best.
Neither Sam nor Cas could laugh about his joke, as they had both been worried sick when Dean had just disappeared so suddenly and they had already prepared for the worst. Of course they were relieved to see that Dean was alive and not locked up in a giant box or trapped in the Empty for all eternity, but as they looked at the extent of his wounds, they both knew that he was far from being out of harm's way.
Sam looked down and snorted, feeling caught out. Of course Dean knew that he had come to his room to talk. After what had happened, it was obvious and besides, they had spent most of their lives together, so they knew each other's habits and behavior patterns.
It was his own voice that echoed inside Dean's head now. He was petrified for a moment. Why could Dean memorize all of these words that he had said to him?
, Dean thought before he closed the book and drove off to get them some takeaway for dinner.
Now that he had seen the world through Dean's eyes, Cas knew just how much impact the horrible things that had happened to him had on Dean's image of himself. He knew how deeply Dean cared about him, but that he wouldn't give himself the permission to be happy. Although he had already suspected it, it hurt Cas like a knife to his heart to know for certain that Dean still thought of himself as worthless. As not good enough. As despicable and not worthy of love and affection.
Sure, Cas had left the bunker before, but he had always returned. Only this time, Dean had this worrisome feeling that he wouldn't come back. That he had scared the angel off for good. Why was he such a dick sometimes? Why couldn't he just have the courage to admit his feelings? It seemed like feelings would always be his Achilles' heel. No matter how hard he tried, somehow everyone eventually left him and Cas would be no exception. He was certain that it had something to do with him, that something deep inside him was broken and kept him from having healthy and happy relationships.
"I don't know..maybe", Dean uttered worriedly. Sam looked at his brother compassionately. "Did he tell you about the T&C's of his deal?", Sam asked cautiously. Dean chuckled at the comparison, but his expression quickly became darkened again. "No, not really", he answered clueless, "I guess I was too busy blaming him for everything to really give him a chance to explain". Dean felt his stomach churn as his guilt got the better of him again.
an angel in every sense of the word.
. I don‘t have to explain or justify myself or anything..you just..you just
Dean took a deep breath. "Cas..if you're a friend of mine, then you will understand that I have to do this and you won't try to stop me", he said slowly, with a bit of hesitation, because he knew that the words would hurt his friend and it wasn't easy for him. Regardless, his voice got louder as he added "You think this is easy on me? It has to be done."
, he thought,
Out of the hundreds of songs that Sam had on his iPod, why did it have to be this one? Although he had always tried to deny it, he was a sucker for cheesy classic rock love songs and Sam knew it. He probably chose this song to cheer Dean up, because usually, he would sing along as loud and as much out-of-tune as he could just to annoy Sam. But in his current situation, he felt like he had been punched in the gut.
He remembered the day that Dean had gone off on his own to fight Lucifer to save Cas, which in itself was a huge thing to do for
Dean grunted inaudibly. Did his brother just c-block him? Whatever, now the moment was gone and maybe it was for the best. He didn't want to imagine the consequences that would have followed if his brother hadn't interrupted them. Dean stepped back over to the sink and continued his chore, handing Cas the cleaned cutlery, which he then dried off with a kitchen towel, before putting everything back where it belonged.
Dean leaned in closer and his voice sounded seductive, yet a bit shaky as he greedily whispered into Castiel's ear: "Well, considering that you've already been inside my head..I guess you might as well have all of this sweet body". Dean's hand wandered up Castiel's thigh and as the angel looked back into Dean's lust-filled eyes, the gears inside Cas' head finally seemed to click into place.
It was just then that he finally understood what Dean had been planning to do all along. He had tried to contact the Empty and apparently, he had been successful only to agree to something completely stupid to release Cas from his deal. Cas was swallowed by guilt as he tried to imagine what kind of ransom Dean would have had to pay to save him from his fate. Castiel ran along the bunker's endless hallways, desperately looking for Dean, but deep in his heart he already knew that he wouldn't find him there.
But right now, Dean couldn't even listen to what Castiel was saying. He was just worried sick when he thought about how they would get him out of this one. His mind started to fill with the wildest horror scenarios and it made his head hurt.
Cas‘ eyes teared up a bit as he took the courage to take another step towards Dean, now definitely invading his personal space. He was standing so close that he could hear Dean‘s heart hammering inside his chest and all the other surrounding noises faded into a blur. When Dean swallowed a bit harder than usual, Cas finally continued, "What about
' by The Ronettes started playing and a closeup of a dancing couple flickered over the television screen. Then, the red letters appeared in a neat cursive font.
They all ate in silence. Dean picked at his food, apparently still lost in his thoughts. Quite unusually, he was the last one to finish his dinner tonight.
Then there was the excessive touching. Sam had first noticed it when they were all having breakfast together and Dean had volunteered to clear the table - something that he had never voluntarily done since they had been kids. Sam had probably given it more thought than it deserved, but he eventually came to the conclusion that Dean was just using this as a lame excuse to be able to lean over Castiel's shoulder in order to take his plate from him. To be clear, this hadn't exactly been mandatory, as there was plenty of space between the chairs, but Dean didn't seem to care. At least he had lost the tendency to drop things when Cas was around - a fact that their plates would really have thanked him for if they had the ability to.
Sam figured that it would be the best to give his brother some space to think. He stood up and patted his brother on the back before he got on his way to leave, taking the whiskey bottle with him. "Just cut the guy some slack, okay?", he called over his shoulder, before he stepped out into the hallway.
"Doctor", Dean mimicked his brother with a shy smile. A small blush crept up his face as he mustered Cas from top to bottom. The way Castiel looked wearing the white lab coat and the stethoscope hanging around his neck inevitably reminded him of Doctor Sexy.
Meanwhile at the bunker, Jack and Cas had found out that the syringe that Dean had found in Donatello's trash can hadn't been filled with poison, but with angel grace. Castiel could sense the remains of the angel grace in the syringe, but when he called Sam to tell him about it, Dean had already gone into the warehouse on his own. Sam decided to interrogate Nick to get some further insight on his prospects. As it turned out, Nick had boosted up Donatello's powers in order to communicate with Lucifer in the Empty, who had instructed him on what to do to bring him back.
Dean could feel the warmth creeping up his face and ears, but he didn't try to hide it. Instead, he looked directly into the angel's eyes, no matter how uncomfortable it was to show his vulnerability like that. It felt as though his life was hanging onto a single thread, as everything depended on Castiel's reaction now. Dean had bared his heart and placed it in the angel's hands and now it was Cas' turn to decide whether he wanted to keep it or to crush it into a billion little pieces. Dean was scared. He had been hunting monsters and ghosts, demons and angels, he had been to heaven, hell and purgatory and back again, but nothing had ever scared the ever living shit out of him in the way that confessing his love to Cas had.
Once everything was cleaned up again, Dean started to clear the rest of the table. He leaned over Castiel's shoulder, definitely invading his personal space as he took the plate in front of him and put it on top of his own one. He breathed in the angels heady scent and it made him feel lightheaded. When he straightened himself up again, the plates that he was balancing on his hands gave a dangerous rattle. They almost slipped from his hands, but he could rebalance them just in time.
", Cas said soothingly and his voice felt like a caress more so than ever, "I know that you're somehow still under the insane impression that you don't deserve to be saved". The angel shook his head in disbelief, before he continued, "But believe me, Dean. I have seen civilizations rise and fall. I have seen the creation and destruction of empires. I have seen the sun rise and set for a million times, but in all my life, I have never seen a light that shone brighter than your soul does. You are an exceptional human being and even if you're not able to see it yourself, you deserve everything and I don't want to give you anything short of that".
"You think I don‘t know that Sam will be sad when I‘m gone?", Dean interrupted him, "Hell, he might even be devastated, but he will get over it. We‘ve dealt with so much crap that was thrown our way in this life, I‘m sure Sam can handle one more damn thing"
"It‘s okay, Dean. I know that it's a lot to take in and I am aware that the things that I have said and done don‘t exactly make this any easier for you", the angel admitted ruefully. Dean breathed a small laugh and raised his eyebrows, "Talk of an understatement". Cas began to nervously fumble around with his hands before he breathed a sigh. "I'm sorry, Dean..I really am", he apologized sincerely.
Determined to make this work, Dean made his way down the hallway. A strange smell wafted in from the kitchen where, oddly enough, he found Castiel preparing breakfast. The angel was highly focused on his task of frying bacon, holding the kitchen spatula in his hand as if it was some strange kind of weapon. "Good morning sunshine", Dean said brightly, but he couldn't hide the blush that slowly started to creep up his cheeks.
After what felt like hours of wandering around, Dean stood still. "Suck it", he mumbled under his breath, before he closed his eyes, took a deep breath and let himself fall backwards. He could feel that he was falling and falling and perpetually continued to fall even further.
Castiel was actually able to fix Donatello and he was as good as new, except for the fact that he didn't have a soul. Castiel brought him up to speed, as Dean joined Sam who was waiting outside by the Impala. Sam threw a can of beer over to his brother. They celebrated their win with Donatello, but at the same time, the topic of Dean's plan still hung in the room. Sam couldn't understand how Dean was willing to fight for Donatello but would just throw in the towel when it came to him.
It was hopeless. There wasn't any solid knowledge about the Empty and it seemed like Dean didn't have a chance to contact it, because it wasn't supposed to be found. He propped his head up on his hand as his sleepy eyes continued to scan over the same old page, the words slowly fading into a blur.
, Dean thought and no matter how ridiculous it sounded, it kind of made sense to him. Because whenever one of them had been posessed or under a spell, they had always managed to bring each other back by talking about the things that they had been through together.
Cas couldn‘t even imagine the strain that this burden had put on Dean and he was feeling guilty for not being able to prevent this from happening in the first place. But most of all, he felt guilty for adding even more to the already heavy burden that Dean had to carry with his emotional outburst. Ever since he had kissed him, Dean had been trying to stay as far away as possible. And worst of all, he had refused any kind of help from Cas. Cas could have spared him a lot of the pain that he had gone through, but Dean didn‘t want to accept his help and it was entirely Cas’ fault.
All of a sudden, the walls around Cas and Michael were closing in until they were both standing with their backs against the wall, bodies tense, angel blades in their hands. "I love you", he heard his own voice echoing inside Dean's head, "I love all of you".
the right choice", he told them and, even though the doctor meant Donatello, Dean couldn't agree more with his words.
Unfortunately, his sleep was rudely interrupted by his alarm shortly after and he felt like he hadn't slept at all. After hitting the snooze button for the fifth time, Dean sighed and went to the bathroom.
He thought about which one of them would eventually crack under the pressure and come forward with their feelings first. It was hard to make any assumptions because in the end, they were both just two oblivious idiots in love with each other and it was almost tragic to watch them dancing around each other day after day. He had already tried to give them both a nudge in the right direction, but so far, it hadn't worked.
Suddenly, the warmth around his cock was gone and he sighed discontented at the loss of contact. But he was soon rewarded with the delightful weight of Dean's body on his own, their bodies aligning perfectly, as if they were made for each other. Dean kissed the angel again and rolled his hips, rutting against Castiel's hot skin as their dicks rocked against each other. Feeling Dean's twitching and hot cock against his own was a wholly different sensation than the hunter's mouth on him and he loved how he could feel the heat and pressure of Dean's entire body on his.
"Seriously, Cas?", Dean was shouting at him now, "Preaching down on me about how it's wrong to give up your life in order to save the world and you walk around just randomly selling your friggin'
of all people - offered Cas a slice of his double-pepperoni meat blaster pizza. His brother had selflessly
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't stop thinking about it and now that his headaches were gone, there wasn't anything to distract him from getting worked up about it. What made it even worse was the fact, that he didn't even know why this had such a big impact on him.
Styx - Man in the Wilderness
Castiel had always thought that, whatever it was between them, just remained this unspoken thing that they never acted upon because Dean didn‘t think he deserved something good or because he was punishing himself. But apparently, he wasn‘t even aware of it, as it was overshadowed by all the bad things that had happened to him in his life. Cas shifted his weight to his other foot so he now stood even closer to Dean, if that was even possible. It appeared as if the air between them was so thick that it could have been cut with a knife.
The realization struck him hard. In his heart, he knew that it didn't matter at all what Cas had or hadn't seen, because Dean's feelings for him remained the same. Dean knew that he had been holding them back for far too long already and that Cas deserved to know. Dean sighed deeply, before he put his other hand on Cas' as well. He slowly and gently began to caress it with his thumb, trailing tiny mindless circles on the soft skin, as he tried to figure out what to say next. He wasn't a man of big words and the fact that he had already dropped another bomb in the completely wrong moment wasn't exactly making this any easier.
It was such a simple question, really, but the answer wasn't all that easy for Dean. He had been hiding behind a facade of
He chuckled at the angel's head tilt, a gesture that he had grown so accustomed and attached to by now, before he started to clarify, "No one that I've considered as a partner has ever been the right fit for me. You know..all these girls that I used to date back in the day..they were all nice and pretty and everything, but they just..they didn‘t get it. The things that we deal with each and every day..the
Dean had never heard the angel curse before and even though he felt kind of guilty for leading the angel to temptation like that, he couldn't deny how much this actually turned him on. He did it again and then, without warning, Castiel's hand was around Dean's neglected cock again, stroking it in time with his thrusts and Dean had to catch his breath. The pleasure was almost overwhelming and he clenched his muscles even further, urging the angel to go faster.
Dean sighed as he put the beer bottle to his lips. Sam and Jack had already gone to bed, because this day had been physically and emotionally exhausting for both of them. Cas had also excused himself in order to watch over Jack, to make sure that he was okay and to monitor if he would have any other visions. Dean was sitting in the library again, his only companions being the plethora of books and the small army of empty beer bottles that stood on the table in front of him. He was reading the only record that he had about the Empty, trying to find some new meaning in the words that he had already read over and over again during the last few weeks.
Dean was sitting on his bed with stretched legs, holding a whiskey glass in his right hand and a walkman in his left. Sam could hear the loud rock music blasting through the headphones. When Dean saw him, he pushed the pause button on his walkman and took off his headphones. "Hi Sammy", he murmured, his voice sounding way more composed than Sam would have imagined after what had happened.
Then there were other voices, one after the other, flowing through Dean's head like a neverending stream of consciousness. "I know you're hoping Castiel will return to you. I admire your loyalty, I only wish he felt the same way". Cas felt Dean's sorrow and it caused him physical pain. He recognized the voice.
Dean had always been so sure about himself. At least he always acted like he was. His father John had raised him to be a strong and manly soldier and as the responsibility of looking after his little brother Sam had lain on his shoulders for the most part, he had grown up to be a strong and independent man. But that was only a facade that slowly but surely came crushing down right in front of his eyes and there was nothing he could do to stop it. It was hard for him to accept that everything he thought he had known about himself was suddenly questioned. It was like his whole life was turned upside down and he had to pick up the pieces and put them back together again without so much as an instruction manual.
The words kept resonating inside Dean's head. His heart was pounding incredibly fast in his chest and his breaths came out in quick, uncontrollable sobs. Dean couldn't stop the hot tears from running down his face any longer. "C-Cas-", he sighed again, but his voice broke away, because
The pressure of Sam's grip on his arm felt grounding, but it was still difficult for Cas to find the right words to explain what had happened. Because thinking about it, there really wasn't all much that he knew for certain at this point and it started another wave of anguish inside him. "Dean. He banished me and now he's gone. He's in danger", he tried to explain, but Sam interrupted him again, "What? Where is he?". "I don't know", Cas admitted guiltily, "I think he went after the Empty and I'm afraid that he has done something very stupid".
..oh..please", Dean almost begged in his throaty voice and the angel could feel his own dick twitching as the hunter moaned his full name like a dirty prayer.
Some people might have called it a second chance to build the life for himself that he had always dreamed of, but he didn't know what his future had in store and it scared the living hell out of him. And then there was Cas, who had been a constant pillar in his life for quite some time now, but the fact that his feelings for Dean were not only of a brotherly nature didn't make it any easier for him. In fact, this was the hardest part for him, because he wasn't sure about his own feelings and he was afraid of what he might find.
Dean looked up at him and raised his eyebrows. "Good", he answered defensively before he continued to stare down into his mug intently, as if he could find some answers in there. Sam ran a hand back through his long hair and chuckled. "Dean-", he began and his brother braced for the worst, "Why are we even doing this?". Dean looked up at Sam, swirling his coffee mug in his hand as he asked, "Doing what now? Drinking coffee?".
It was now or never.
When he opened his eyes again, Castiel was back inside his own vessel, in the body of Jimmy Novak, who had been long gone by now. He felt weak, but in his mind, he knew that he had succeeded. He was lying on Dean's bed, the hunter sitting next to him, watching him with worried eyes.
, he reminded himself,
When Dean opened his eyes again, they were gleaming like two blue emeralds, as his mouth spoke in a voice that was not his own.
was the real deal and he wouldn't let anyone tell him otherwise. He felt the angels lips moving against his and the tingling sensation that went through his whole body told him that he was right where he needed to be.
He wanted to learn from the past and strive to become a better human for Cas. He knew that it wouldn't be easy, hell, it would be far from that. But he knew that, as long as Cas was by his side and believed in him, he could accomplish anything.
When the first memory came into focus, he could see Dean standing on the side of the lake, that Cas had walked into after he had assimilated the Leviathans. Dean was fishing the beige trenchcoat out of the lake, folding it gently as his eyes filled with tears. Cas could feel Dean's pain at the loss as if it was his own and it took him every bit of self-restraint to continue on his way.
Castiel suddenly froze in his movement and Dean's eyelashes fluttered open, his eyes looking into the angel's expectantly while his body impatiently bucked up against Cas' palm. "I think this is hardly the appropriate time to say my father's name", Castiel warned him, his voice even deeper and raspier than usual and there was a dangerous glint in his eyes. Dean sighed and bit his lips playfully, "I'm sorry, it's just..with all that you're doing here, it's kind of easy to forget that you're actually an angel of the friggin' lord". Cas nodded and his face lit up again as he reached into Dean's boxers to let his fingers close around Dean's adamant cock. "But if it's..ah..any consolation to you..", Dean breathed between moans, trying to gather the right words as his head was swimming with arousal, "I think Chuck stopped listening to my ahh..prayers..oh, fuck..he stopped listening..a long time ago”.
A warm and honest smile spread across Castiel's face and he squeezed the hunter's hand like an unspoken promise. A few silent minutes passed where none of them spoke another word. When Dean didn't say anything else, it was Cas who eventually broke the silence, his voice sounding a bit confused as he stated the obvious, "You know that you actually have to say 'yes', right?". A nervous chuckle escaped Dean's throat, before he swallowed thickly. "Yes", he rasped, "Take me, Castiel". He felt like it almost sounded a bit too ambiguous, but if the angel picked up on it, he didn't say so.
For some time now, he had had this feeling deep in his heart that had told him that something had changed between the two of them. He couldn't pinpoint the exact moment that it had happened, but suddenly it was there, this unsettling feeling that made his hands shake and his stomach squirm. He didn't know what it was supposed to mean either. The only thing he knew was that this feeling, that he had tried long and hard to bury in the depths of his heart, had suddenly resurfaced in the moment that Cas had kissed him.
, it is my duty to prevent you from getting fat. So if that means that I have to eat some of your food and make you adhere to a tight
His voice was shaky and he hated himself for this poor attempt at an apology.
Jack was the one who finally broke the silence. "So how was your hunt today?", he asked. Sam looked at Dean and Cas before he turned to look at Jack. "Well..it was your usual vampire case. We followed one of them to find the nest and then killed the other five. Pretty much business as usual."
The hunter straightened himself up to clear the way for the angel, even if he didn't really want to let him go. Castiel looked at Dean apologetically, letting the tips of his fingers ghost across Dean's arm, as he turned around to leave. Dean shivered under Castiel's warm touch. As touchstarved as Dean was, this simple and casual touch felt like so much more than it actually was, but it still wasn't quite enough.
He pointed his finger at Dean. "You taught me that", Castiel reminded him with teary eyes, before he turned around to leave, nudging Dean's arm on his way to Donatello's room.
Castiel was also aware that he hadn't exactly been innocent in this case either. Dean had given him the gift of his trust and he had betrayed him yet again. He had lied to Dean, even when he knew deep down in his heart, that he should have confided in him instead.
Dean rolled his eyes at him. "Of course..", he imitated Castiel's words mockingly, "..it would have been a lot easier if some of us didn't have their head in the clouds all the friggin' time". He's had enough of these stupid accusations. Dean had been hunting for most of his life, so he wouldn't have any of the upset angel's bullshit. It wasn't his fault that they were trapped in this stupid situation right now.
feel, Dean?", Cas asked, as he tried to imagine the impact that his fight with Michael inside Dean's head must have had on him. Cas inhaled deeply. He wasn't sure if he was ready to hear what Dean had to say, because the drained look in the hunter's eyes that was emphasized by the hollow shadows underneath them already spoke volumes.
Dean looked at him compassionately. "Cas..it's..it's not your fault. I mean, I get it..I really do. It‘s the right thing to do and
"If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you", Cas began to sing gently, his voice deep and still a bit hoarse, "When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me".
He knew it when he had
- or whatever he had called it - years ago, it seemed like the angel didn't know that his feelings were reciprocated.
Cas watched Dean solicitously. He knew that Dean couldn't hold this up for much longer, no matter how hard he was fighting. When he was certain that the hunter was soundly sleeping, Cas stood up from the side of Dean's bed, that had become his usual spot during the last few days, and walked towards the library determinedly.
The air was forced out of Dean's lungs once again when the angel collapsed on top of him, their bodies hot and sticky against each other. Dean took a shallow breath as he ran his hand through the damp hair at the nape of Cas' neck. "Wow", the hunter whispered, still completely starstruck in his post-orgasmic haze, "I know this isn't exactly considered the right time to say something like this, but..
"I am not your brother", Dean growled in a voice that was so deep that it didn't even sound like his own anymore, as he tightened his violent grip on Lucifer's skull. Lucifer groaned beneath him and Dean's whole body shook in exertion as he tried to maintain the steady flow of power through his hand, focusing on Cas.
REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling
Several minutes later, when the credits had already ended and the disk had long been ejected automatically, there was a knock on Dean's door. "Huh?", Dean mumbled, running his hands down his face before he straightened himself up. "It's me", Sam called from the other side of the door, "Can I come in?".
"Dean.. No", Castiel warned him determinedly, as if he was speaking to a toddler but his voice was deep and terrifying. "You know, I'm not happy to go on this friggin' suicide mission either. It's just..we've reached a deadlock here and there is no other way this ends. I can't hold Michael in much longer and you know it, too", Dean said angrily, pointing his finger at the angel, before he took the last gulp from the whiskey glass, that was standing next to him and sighed in frustration.
Cas gently rubbed Dean's back. This was the closest they had been since his stupid attempt to kiss Dean had failed and it felt good to finally hold the hunter in his arms again. Although nothing would ever compare to the pain of being pushed away by the man that he loved, Castiel didn't want to blame Dean.
"Not bad", Dean raised his eyebrows and nodded approvingly. "Let's take you back home, shall we?", he said as he offered Daniel his hand to help him up. Daniel stood up, without taking the hand that had been offered to him. They stepped out of the empty warehouse, the bright daylight blinding them for a second. Sam and Dean looked at Daniel to see if he needed any help, but apart from a few scratches and a bit of dirt on his clothes, he looked as good as new.
"I'm sorry, you have me confused with the other angel? You know the one with the dirty trenchcoat who's in love with you?"
, he thought to himself. He knew it when Michael had posessed Dean again. He knew it when they had captured Michael behind that door in Dean's head. He knew it when Dean had decided to lock himself in the Ma'Lak Box in order to keep Michael locked up for eternity.
Dean started singing along, massively out of tune and the other boys laughed before they joined in with him. And so they drove towards the sun, laughing and singing on this never changing highway.
Cas was stunned for a moment. Even after a few minutes had passed and the realization of what was happening began to sink in, Cas still couldn't really believe it. He almost thought that this was some kind of hyper realistic dream from which he would be cruelly awakened any second now. But when he felt the sparks of electricity igniting all over his body as Dean kissed him passionately, he began to grasp that this was
, he tried to encourage himself, but inside, he was a nervous mess.
, he thought,
It was so unfair. As if Cas hadn't already endured enough shit in his life, now the Empty wanted him to be happy, just to be able to take it all away from him again. Cas didn't deserve that. But Dean had no intentions of letting that happen anyway.
"Zeppelin, really?" Dean chuckled lowly as he looked into the angel's ethereal blue eyes, "I'm in heaven, aren't I?". The hunter took Cas' hand in his and kissed his knuckles, still unable to comprehend how he could have ever gotten this lucky. But there he was - the man that he loved more than anything in the entire world right here in his arms, singing one of his favorite songs to him. Dean brought his hand up to gently brush Castiel's sweaty hair out of his face where it was sticking to his forehead, before he lovingly caressed his cheek.
Dean inaudibly mouthed the last words of the song along with Patrick Swayze on the screen. He just couldn't help it. This movie was his guilty pleasure, but
But when he looked back into Dean's mesmerizing green eyes, he suddenly remembered everything. The hurt, the loss and the heartbreak. The wasted opportunities, the longing gazes and the unspoken words. He had seen the world from Dean's perspective and it was painful and yet so bittersweet. All the memories that he had seen through the hunter's eyes lay heavy on his heart, but at the same time, he felt like he now had a deeper understanding of every facet of Dean's being. He had seen it all - the good, the bad and the ugly - and even though he didn't think it was possible, he admired this wonderful man even more now. And yet, there was this unsettling feeling deep inside his stomach that made him feel remorseful.
Somehow, Cas had managed to throw him completely off the rails in just under five minutes. Thinking back, Castiel had always had a strong impact on Dean. Every trifle was at least twice as bad if Cas had been involved. No death had been as painful as Castiel's. And still, even though the angel was so important to him, he couldn't muster the courage to treat him in the way he deserved to be treated and he felt like an asshole.
", Cas groaned in a husky voice that sounded downright sinful, as he grabbed a fistful of Dean's hair, urging him to continue. And so the hunter did. He sucked the angel's rigid cock into his mouth in the way he knew he liked it himself, hollowing his cheeks to get as much as he could inside, and gripped the base of Cas' dick to work it in time with his bobbing head. Dean was surprised by the angel's eagerness, as he pulled Dean's head closer and bucked his hips up, practically fucking himself into Dean's mouth needily. Dean choked a bit when Cas' movements became a bit too erratic, but he was so incredibly turned on by the angel's greediness that he couldn't find it in his heart to care.
He ran and ran, slowly catching up to Michael, as other memories came flashing by. "I'm hunted. I've rebelled. And I did it, all of it, for you", he heard his own voice speak, "I'm doing this for you, Dean, I'm doing this because of you".
"You‘re right, Dean. This isn‘t just about YOU", Castiel explained, trying to stay calm, even if right now, all he wanted to do, was to smash Dean into the nearest wall and punch some sense back into him, "This is also about the people that care about you-"
But that wouldn't happen again.
He had to keep an eye on Dean. He had to be alert.
So Cas sat down on the side of the bed and watched as Dean fell into a dreamless slumber.
Sam chuckled nervously. "To be honest, we might not have been performing at our full potential today-", he tried to make excuses in order to soothe spirits, but it didn't work. "Of course it would have been a lot easier if certain people had communicated their plans with the rest of the team", Castiel interrupted him.
Dean straightened up and swallowed as Castiel's words slowly began to sink in. He could see the angel's lips trembling slightly as he looked at him with remorse.
Queen - Too Much Love Will Kill You
"Shit", Sam gasped breathily and pressed his fingers over his forehead as he agitatedly started to pace the room. As if he had just had a flash of inspiration, Sam pushed past the angel and ran over to Dean's room, trying to find a clue of his whereabouts. Castiel pressed his eyes shut in a gesture of sorrow as he saw Sam swaying Dean's phone in his hand. "He didn't want us to find him", Sam sighed exasperated. "What do we do now?", Cas asked the hunter, distressed. "I'm afraid there's nothing we can do, but wait", Sam answered, as he ran the back of his hand over his mouth hopelessly, wishing that he could have said something else.
He stood up from his chair and walked towards the radio to turn it off. "Let's get moving", he called over his shoulder as he looked at his brother. Sam looked at him puzzled, but then closed his laptop and followed his brother to the garage.
"Ah, that was..nothing..", Dean lied, "I just didn't sleep too good last night, that's all".
Dean smiled at the boy's heartfelt confession as well. Hearing that Jack had such a close connection with Cas and seeing the proud, fatherly smile on Castiel's face filled his heart with joy.
"Dean", Lucifer, who was casually leaning against a post in the middle of the room, said snarkily, "I wish I could say that it's a surprise to see you, but the truth is that I've been waiting for you..took you long enough, buddy". Dean scoffed at him disapprovingly, "Yeah yeah, cut the crap..I'm only here for the big family reunion, so don't get too excited".
Castiel's chest tightened and suddenly, there was a lump in his throat. He felt numb and for a moment, he couldn't even speak, so he just slowly shook his head with a tense expression on his face, trying to stop Jack from spreaking any further, but the boy didn't take the cue. When he saw the expression on Dean's face change, he knew that it was too late and that he had messed things up yet again.
, he thought to himself, as he set the glass down on the nightstand, cursing his brother quietly, although he knew that he only wanted the best for him.
Dean could feel Sam's gaze on him, as it wandered over to Cas and then back to him. Sam looked at them with knitted eyebrows, the 'What the fuck?' clearly written in his eyes being underlined by the way he stopped chewing his own pizza as though he couldn't believe what he had just witnessed.
When he saw the expression on his brother's face, he knew that he had struck a nerve. Deep inside, Dean must have known that it wasn't his place to complain about what Cas had done, because he had done the same thing over and over again..and even worse things than that.
Sam, who had just walked along the hallway and had overheard the last part of their conversation, entered Jack's room. Cas and Jack were standing there, frozen in their movements and neither of them knew what to say. After Cas had filled Sam in on what had happened, the hunter looked at him sympathetically.
The hunter turned around to rest his head on Cas' chest. "My love is strong, with you there is no wrong", Dean sang in a soft voice, as he closed his eyes and breathed in the angel's scent, molding himself around Cas as close as he could, "Together we shall go until we die".
, he thought.
But right in this moment, none of it mattered, because he knew that it had been worth all his pain and that he would do it all over again just to lie here in the hunter's arms, where he knew he belonged.
"Dean and I do share a more profound bond"
Dean woke up to the first beats of 'Time of my Life'. He didn't even know when he had fallen asleep, but when he woke up, he found his body spread out across both armchairs, his head resting in Cas' lap. Dean felt the angel's fingers running through his hair and even though his back began to hurt a bit where it was awkwardly lying on the harder armrest, he didn't want to move or let on that he was awake.
Dean and Sam ran towards him. "Where?", Dean asked with widened eyes, but Jack couldn't really see anything that was happening around him. All he could see was Nick, who walked towards Lucifer's black silhouette, before the two of them melted together, finally united again. Then, there was a thunderous sound, followed by a massive pain in his skull, before Jack's body seemed to relax again, as his visions faded away. He looked at Dean guiltily. "I don't know", he whimpered in a weak voice as his eyes filled with tears.
His self doubts came crashing down on him like thunder, the lump in his throat growing stiffer with each swallow.
"Yeah, thanks, but I'm not hungry", Dean mumbled and yawned.
..no matter what".
The touching of their lips was so soft and gentle that it almost tickled and it made Dean's stomach squirm. When they kissed, it wasn't just fueled by a quick rush of passion and arousal like it had been with many of the other people that Dean had already shared kisses with in his life. Their kisses were full of understanding and devotion, of pure and unconditional love and even though the sensation was so different, it felt so oddly familiar as if Dean hadn't done anything else in his entire life.
Even though the whirlwind of feelings inside his head was slowly subsiding and everything started to become clearer, Dean still wasn't sure what to do next. There wasn't exactly an instruction manual on how to approach this sort of thing and the fact that this was completely uncharted territory for him as well didn't make it any easier. He had to find a way to adapt to this new situation, taking it day by day as he slowly figured this out. Whatever
He really
Just as he had started the engine, the first beats of REO Speedwagon's
, the guy had rebelled against heaven and had sacrificed everything that was dear to him to be loyal to Dean. The righteous man that he had rescued from hell and that he believed to be worthy of his sacrifices.
. Just like he had always failed him by being just a little too late. He looked down at his feet, as his guilt swallowed him whole. He couldn't watch Cas die again.
However, he didn't get much of a chance to blame himself, as Castiel's healing spell was slowly wearing off and the thumping inside his head began again. At first, there was an occasional dull thudding sound, but it was increasing steadily as Michael gained his powers back.
, he thought. Because once he opened this door, there would be no turning back. Once Michael was set free again, failure was no longer an option. He had to be ready for anything and he had to destroy Michael to succeed. Cas closed his eyes and gathered his courage. "For Dean
Sam looked over at his brother with a stupid smile on his face. "What?", Dean asked, looking at him in bewilderment. "Nothing", Sam chuckled, "It's just..they reminded me of someone". "Huh", Dean mumbled before he continued to the Impala in brisk steps and rolled his eyes.
"It‘s just..the way you stormed off last night and now you're rejecting
Cas was so thankful that Dean was back home and - all things considered - safe for the moment. The extent of Dean's wounds was still distressing him, but as he watched the hunter's chest rise and fall with his even breaths, he knew that he was going to be alright. Still, the hunter had just scarcely escaped death again and Cas made a silent vow to himself to enjoy the time that he had left with him, as he painfully realized once again that Dean was only human.
Jack and Cas had surprised the gorgon in his next victim's home. Castiel had managed to heal the victim using the antidote, while Jack had stalled the gorgon. However, when the gorgon had tried to escape, they had gotten into a fight with him, during which Noah had been able to kiss Castiel's cheek to inject him with his poison. The angel had fallen down to the floor, paralyzed by the creature's venom. Jack had tried to fight the gorgon on his own, but he hadn't been successful. Just then, Dean and Sam had come to help. It hadn't been an easy fight and it had almost looked like they were losing and the gorgon would be able to flee. But just as he was about to escape, Jack had managed to ambush him and had used his chance to cut off Noah's head with a knife.
Castiel was hurt. How could Dean question their friendship? Did he not know by now how important he was to him? The angel was boiling with rage. "So, then..", Castiel raised his eyebrows and shook his head slightly, "..this is goodbye?"
than happy to see you". He bit his lips at the delicious tension, but it wasn't enough. Cas let his hand wander up Dean's thigh as he returned the favor, "But you don't seem too unhappy to see me either,
"Nice work back there", Dean told him, as he looked at the man in appreciation. It felt a bit like looking into a mirror, because Daniel not only had a similar statue, but also shared Dean's sense in fashion. "Thanks man", Daniel answered, rolling up the sleeves of his plaid shirt.
"You know, it even makes perfect sense", he began, but when Cas tilted his head in confusion, as if he didn't have the slightest idea what the hell Dean was talking about, Dean realized that, ironically, this sentence on his own didn't make any sense at all.
THE END.
"In a manner of speaking..it
that lay open on Cas' nightstand. Even now, when Dean had treated him like a piece of shit just hours ago, Cas was listening to the mixtape that Dean had made for him.
, Dean thought,
Cas looked down at his feet. He had known that this question would come sooner rather than later, but he still wasn't prepared to face it. What was he supposed to say? He wanted to be honest with Dean, but it didn't feel right to say something along the lines of
Suddenly, Castiel felt a burning sensation that started low in his belly just as Dean clenched his walls around him again and merely a second later, he was released into a free fall. It felt like every single cell of his being was being engulfed by blazing flames as a bolt of electricity struck from his cock throughout his entire body. He pulled his arms even closer around Dean and pushed his body against him with all of his power, before he came in excruciatingly hot spurts into Dean's tight ass.
Dean stormed back to his room, slammed the door and leaned against it. He sighed.
, there won't be a later", Castiel reminded him and the anger in his voice was slowly shifting to hurt.
It was awkward.
, he thought to himself,
With his mind set, Dean suddenly turned around and took up speed to run directly towards Michael, crashing right into him and dragging him with him into a small room at the back of his mind. Michael tried to push him back as they lashed out at each other violently. Dean felt a dull ache in his head as Michael hit him again and it almost send him spinning. He shook his head to refocus and tried to conjure Castiel's image in his mind. The blue-eyed angel manifested in front of his eyes, his massive black wings flapping behind his trenchcoat as a shrill screeching sound filled Dean's head. Michael gasped, looking at Castiel in astonishment, as he unconsciously and ever so slightly released his grip on Dean a little. Dean took this marginal chance to shake free from the archangel's grip and smashed a solid iron door closed right in front of Michael's face, which slammed shut with a ginormous metallic BANG.
And then there was the bickering like an old married couple, that seemed to be getting worse by the minute. After Dean had fought against Lucifer, Castiel's worried-wife-mode had reached its peak. From that day forward, it seemed like he was following Dean around like a loyal little puppy. All. The. Bloody. Time. Sam was glad that Cas was looking after Dean, but the way he continued to worry about Dean over even the smallest of things was getting a bit too much for him honestly.
, he thought jokingly, but deep inside, he was well aware that he was about to do something very dangerous.
Nevertheless, Dean was nervous. Although he wasn‘t even planning any grand gestures or big confessions just yet, admitting to his best friend - and more importantly to himself - that he was into him, was still one hell of a big deal.
". Dean took a deep breath before he continued, "I know it's not all that matters, but with our job, we can‘t afford to have a weak spot. I mean, you know how it is..if you've got someone careless and unsteady close to you..your enemies will try to hurt them or take them away from us eventually. It's just..it's a liability that we can't afford"
Dean went into the abandoned warehouse with the antidote in order to find Donatello and Sam stayed behind in the car with Nick. Dean found Donatello tied up and gagged, just as he had seen him on the livestream. He untied him and Donatello managed to tell him about Nick's plans just before they were attacked by a hoard of demons.
His brother's voice tore him from his painful thoughts, "Dean?". The hunter shook his head, slowly arriving back in his reality. "Huh?", he answered with a tremor in his voice.
Bill Medley & Jennifer Warnes - (I've Had) The Time of my Life
Bit of a cliffhanger.
Sam couldn't stand to see his brother like this. He could feel that Dean was miserable and he could understand why. Was it right for Dean to yell at Cas for what he had done? No, it definitely wasn't. But Sam knew his brother well enough to know that this was his way of dealing with sorrow and fear, even though it wasn't a healthy coping mechanism.
, he thought,
"Seriously? Now I'm the irritable one?", Dean scoffed and pulled a face. He looked at the angel disapprovingly, before he looked back at his brother. "You really wanna know why I'm so irritable lately? Because my friggin' head hurts like hell and I haven‘t gotten a lot of sleep lately, okay?".
Once he dared to open his eyes again, he was still surrounded by darkness, but it seemed like the black void around him was wobbling and boiling like a heated liquid. Suddenly, the liquid drew nearer without taking an actual shape until the scalding waves were billowing right in front of his face.
A few days later, Dean woke up in the middle of the night, because his headaches had become unbearable. Michael was relentlessly hammering against the door inside his head so he hadn't gotten a full night's sleep in days. Whatever he had promised Sam and Cas, he couldn't do this any longer. He felt like Michael was just inches away from breaking out and he wouldn't let this happen.
. The word still felt somewhat strange and unfamiliar to Dean and he was sure that he would need some time to let that settle in, but the way that Cas said it made his heart beat a little bit faster in his chest.
Sam sat down opposite Dean and tried to capture his attention. "Dean?", Sam uttered softly. Dean shook his head as he was suddenly torn away from his thoughts. "Yeah", he answered curtly. "Is everything okay?", Sam asked concerned. "Sure", Dean nodded, "Let's eat".
Dean took off his boots and clothes and slipped back into his pajamas. It was 2 am and one could easily overthink things at this time of the night. As he lied down on his bed to get some more sleep, he realized just how tired he was. Maybe it was for the best if he tried to approach this matter with a clear head in the morning.
. Looking back, Castiel had always tried to protect him.
"Gah", Dean yelled with pain, as Cas tore Nick's shirt off it. Castiel kept applying pressure on the wound, as he felt Dean's body trembling under his hands.
son. But, supposing that Nick was telling the truth, Donatello only had a few hours left and as Jack had also stated that he wasn't afraid of Nick, they gave in to his wish with a heavy heart.
Cas' smile grew even wider as he listened to Jack's kind words. He really cared for the boy and he had promised his mother to keep him safe, so he felt validated when he heard that he was seeing him as a father figure. He patted Jack on the shoulder and looked at him forgivingly, "I'm not angry with you, Jack. I'm just concerned". He could see Dean's outlines behind Jack, but he didn't look up.
After what felt like hours, Dean finally fell into an uneasy sleep.
When Dean began to speak, his voice sounded low and hoarse, and it was unmistakably filled with desire, "So..with our history and this profound bond thing..I guess we should do this the right way, huh?". Castiel tilted his head and looked at him in confusion and his sex hair made him look even more devastatingly handsome than he already was. "I don‘t understand..what do you mean?", he asked in confusion. Between all the sexual tension that had been piling up between them in the past few years and the passionate and greedy makeout session that they just had, it was hard to understand for Dean how the angel could still be so oblivious and how the fuck he even managed to look so friggin' innocent and adorable when he had just given Dean one hell of a boner.
He could have punched himself for still not having the balls to talk to Cas. They had gone through a lot in the years that they had known each other. Not only the usual things like pain and loss and arguments, but the goddamn apocalypse. Purgatory. Dean had literally gone to hell and back and yet, the hardest thing for him to manage seemed to be his own feelings that he had over a stupid and meaningless kiss.
Despite the fact that he had decided to mark this up as a mistake and to pretend like nothing happened, Dean didn’t know how to handle this situation. This whole thing had confused him so much, that he couldn't even remember how things between them had been before the kiss, even if it had only been yesterday. So he did what he did best and didn’t say anything. He felt bad that he couldn't bring up the courage to say something or to at least behave normal around Cas, but with his current mood, it would probably be for the best to remain silent. So Dean just walked past him and sat down in the driver's seat, slamming the door behind him.
Still, from now on Cas had to be more sensible around Dean. He couldn‘t afford to drive him even further away than he already had. It would be hard enough for both of them to ignore what happened and they surely couldn‘t deny it, no matter how hard they tried to. But Cas wanted to give Dean some space to make him see that he could still be a friend for him, even if it meant that he got his own heart broken.
The angel closed his eyes and tried to focus all of his powers on the task at hand. Then, he let his powers surge through his hands that were still resting on Dean's stomach and used them to heal him. The gaping wound on Dean's belly was diminishing slowly, but Castiel's body began to tremble before he was able to finish his work. "Hey..hey..are you okay?", Sam asked concerned and rested a careful hand on Cas' shoulder as the angel arched his body with the exertion.
Dean was sitting in the war room, his cold fingers pressed against his temples in order to concentrate on the book in front of him. His face distorted in pain as he scanned over the instructions on how to use the Ma'lak Box. Sam and Cas would hate him if they found out about it, but he just couldn't take it anymore.
Once he was fully sheathed, Castiel established a slow and steady rhythm. When he leaned down to kiss Dean, the angle changed ever so slightly and Dean's whole body trembled as Cas grazed his prostate. "Ahhh..fuck. Cas", he groaned huskily, "Do..
He could see the angel's likeness clearly in front of him now, as the illusion of Rocky's bar slowly faded into a distant blur in the background. He tried to remember every little detail that defined Castiel - every muscle, every scar, every wrinkle and every freckle. He let the low baritone of the angel's voice saturate his being, as it called out his name in a familiar and warm caress.
The angel was quite certain that it had something to do with Michael and he was afraid that Dean was planning another stupid suicide mission to get rid of the archangel inside his head. The vibrant and generous mood that Dean had been in since this morning only confirmed Cas in his assumptions, because Dean seemed way more content and collected than he had been in a while. Cas could see the clarity and determination in Dean's eyes and even though this was a good thing, the knowledge unsettled him, because he knew that Dean had planned something but he didn't know what it was.
When Dean almost dropped a plate, Castiel definitely knew that something was wrong. He had caught the plate though and now he was holding both the plate and Dean's wrist in his hand. He tilted his head and looked at the hunter puzzled, squinting his eyes. Dean stepped closer and looked at him.
Dean's gaze wandered from the empty glass in his hand to his nightstand, where the whiskey bottle had just stood.
", Cas complained meekly, "I have to concentrate". But Dean didn't stop there. Instead, he let his breath ghost over the damp trail of kisses that he had just planted on the angel's skin, as he mumbled, "Don't worry, sweetheart. I'm kinda used to your burned bacon by now". Cas turned around to look over his shoulder, squinting his eyes at Dean provokingly, before he leaned up to kiss him. He bit Dean's lower lip playfully and when the hunter gasped, Cas groaned a small "Asshole" against his lips, to which Dean just reacted with a low chuckle.
When Castiel entered the room, the boy was sitting on his bed, watching the snake that he had taken home with him. Sam had gone back to his own room in the meantime to call Donatello about Jack, so they were alone. "Castiel, how are you feeling?", Jack asked with concern, when the angel went around Jack's bed to stand in front of him. "Better", Castiel answered shortly. It wasn't completely true, because even though he felt physically better, the fact that Jack had sacrificed a huge piece of his soul in order to save him made him feel uneasy.
It was in this moment that Dean realized just how vulnerable and fragile Cas was without his angel powers. Dean imagined that, in his current state, Cas was very close to being human, so he tried to be as gentle as he could. "That's it", Dean announced with a smile on his lips as he finished up, "Good as new".
Warnings: Spoilers for 14x12. Canon typical suicidal thoughts (as in the planning of a suicide mission). Dubcon kissing.
But when did this happen? And how could an angel fall in love with
"Good morning Dean", Castiel answered, smiling at him and the sound of the angel's voice saying his name in this loving way made Dean feel dizzy. "Breakfast will be ready in just a few minutes, so you can go and get Sam and Jack if you want to", Cas added and Dean did just that after he had stumbled out of the kitchen awkwardly. If he was being perfectly honest, Dean was relieved to have an excuse to leave the kitchen and take a little breather. He suddenly felt like one of these hormone-driven teenagers again.
, he recognized proudly. He had killed the devil and had even managed to lock Michael up in the back of his mind once again, this time with a heavy-duty door, that wasn't so easily penetrable. But what mattered most of all, was that
There was a long moment of silence where none of them said a word. The only thing Dean could hear were his ragged breathing and the pounding of his heart that was hammering impossibly loud and fast in his chest. His hands were covered in cold sweat and there was a tornado of butterflies whizzing around in his stomach, tickling his insides. Dean realized that there was no way that he could bullshit himself out of this one. There was no easy way out and he sure as hell couldn't stop here.
Cas wanted to scream it from the top of the highest mountain for the wind to carry his message around the world. But more than anything, he never wanted to let Dean go ever again. After all that they had gone through in the last years and especially in the past few weeks, it seemed like he would finally get his happy ending and, thanks to his savior Dean, he didn't even have to worry about being taken by the Empty anytime soon.
Whatever this feeling, that sent his head spinning and made his legs feel weak, was called, it was now a constant companion in Castiel's life and it seemed like it was there to stay. He felt it whenever Dean looked at him just a little too long, whenever their hands accidentally brushed and whenever he heard the small noises that Dean made when he was sleeping soundly. The feeling spread through his entire body and before he knew it, he was addicted to it. The emptiness that he felt in his heart when he wasn't with Dean was unbearable and whenever they were separated Cas felt like he was fading. Luckily, it didn't happen a lot, because Dean was still recovering, so he didn't leave the bunker all that often and when he did, Castiel was with him most of the time.
Thank you so much for reading my little fic! I hope you liked it as much as I enjoyed writing it and I appreciate every kind of feedback. <3
"Hi", he uttered, still standing in the doorframe, "Can I come in?".
The next thing that Dean was aware of was a shrill shrieking sound and the blinding white light that surrounded him as Castiel posessed him. The sound faded and everything went dark. A comforting warmth spread through his body as it fell limply to the side, his back hitting the mattress next to the angel's abandoned vessel.
Dean looked down at the table as he lied to his brother yet again. It was bad enough that he was feeling miserable, so he didn't need to drag Sammy down with him. He was the only one that he had left now and he couldn't stand the thought of his little brother leaving him too. He had to be strong for Sam.
Just hours ago, he had yelled at Cas again, without even thinking about the angel's feelings for a single second. His own hurt had made him so selfish, that he had almost forgotten how he had nearly driven Cas away with this exact same stupid behavior just days ago. And there he was, treating him like shit again, like the toxic person that he was, when all that Castiel had done, was to love Dean.
"I know that you're angry with me, but I couldn't just let you die", Jack sighed. Cas looked at the boy's eyes and he could see himself in them. He could see the regret, the sadness and the certainty that he would do it all again without second thought in order to protect the ones he loved. Cas laid his hand on Jack's shoulder and smiled in understanding.
, he heard his father's voice screaming inside his head with the last bit of its power, before he opened his mouth to capture the angel's lips with his own.
Mere moments later, he was unceremoniously pushed backwards onto the bed until his head hit the mattress behind him with a dull thud and the air was forced out of his lungs by the angel's heavy palms on his chest. Dean looked up into Castiel's eyes only to see a visceral want there that he had never seen before and he couldn't believe how much being manhandled by Cas actually turned him on. The angel kissed a trail of wet kisses down Dean's belly, where his shirt had ridden up a bit, while he slowly unbuckled Dean's belt. He made quick work of the button and fly of Dean's jeans and pulled them down in a swift motion, never taking his eyes off the hunter. Cas pressed the inside curve of his lips over the cotton-clad bulge and opened his mouth in a damp exhalation. He let his hot breath ghost over Dean's clothed cock and the hunter's hips jerked up with a needy groan.
Even if he had to admit that it ended up being a good thing that Sam and Cas had talked him out of using the Ma'lak box, he knew that this time would be different. He could feel that he was on the right path. The path that God had chosen for him. And even if it sounded somewhat ridiculous, because he hadn't been a big believer in the past and well..considering the fact that he actually knew the guy, he was convinced that it was the right thing to do.
"Thank you guys", Dean said appreciatively once they were finally finished and stretched himself out carefully, "Now I'm gonna sleep 'till the cows come home, if you'll excuse me". Sam and Cas both chuckled. "Good night, Dean", Sam said, patting his brother's shoulder, before he turned around to leave the room. Cas was just about to do the same, as Dean whispered behind him, "Hey..Cas?". Cas turned around to face Dean again. "Yes?", he asked curiously. "Stay?", Dean asked with a sheepish but honest smile on his lips. "Of course", Castiel answered, as he sat down on the chair next to Dean's bed, smiling faintly.
by Led Zeppelin started bursting through the speakers. "Seriously Dean? Led Zeppelin?
"You know, Dean, I don't need to know every single detail", Sam chuckled and raised his eyebrows, as he continued, "And honestly speaking..I think I would prefer it if I didn't. But I'm your brother and I just wished that you'd talk to me. You don't have to hide anything from me, because I support you,
, you know that I'm not good with words, but you‘re not going to make this any easier for me, are you?" He could feel the way his cheeks started to heat up, as he tried to arrange the words inside his head, "What I'm trying to say is..".
"Sorry man", Sam said and patted Castiel on the back as a way of apologizing, "It‘s just so obvious that Dean has this massive crush on you and..well, the guy just handed me a plate".
talk right now. "Trust me, Jack, you don't wanna know", he said. "Yes, I do", Jack tried to argue. Sam contemplated for a moment, but decided that he didn't want to scar the kid for life. Besides, he would possibly figure it out on his own sooner rather than later. "No, you really don't", Sam said with more determination. This wasn't his job and the two lovebirds would do well to tell Jack themselves.
Maybe this was exactly the reason why Dean couldn't stop thinking about it. He began to restlessly walk back and forth in his room like a lion trapped in a cage.
Just when the anticipation was about to become unbearable, Cas breathed an almost laugh, his lips barely parting as his eyes crinkled with a warm and honest-to-God smile. The angel shuffled closer to Dean to caress his cheek. Dean closed his eyes and leaned in to the warm touch, sighing in relief as the realization of what this meant slowly began to sink in. His heart was still racing in his chest and he could hear the pulse of it in his ears.
Sam still wasn't convinced, but he figured that it might be better to talk to Dean later when his morning grumpiness had eased. "Okay", he responded supportively, "I think I might have found us a case..if you‘re up for it..".
, if I ever trusted anyone to do this, then it‘s you", he sighed deeply, "It‘s just..it‘s all going so fast. After all this time that we kept..you know..ignoring this..it‘s all happening right now and..I think..I think I just need a moment to get a grip on things".
The way Cas would walk through the wide green meadows, the rays of sunshine accentuating the multitudes of brown and mahogany hues in his hair, as he turned around to look at Dean, the tiny folds crinkling around the angel's mouth and eyes as he smiled at him. The way Dean would pull the angel closer by his waist, looking deeply into the dizzying blue of his eyes, that were so full of love and admiration, before their mouths would melt together softly.
Dean stretched out his arm and pulled the drawer of his nightstand open, rummaging around it until his hands closed around the item that he was looking for. He set the small bottle down on the mattress next to him and Castiel grabbed it to spread a generous amount of the viscous liquid on his cock, stroking it once, twice, as he felt the hunter's hungry gaze on him.
, but he gladly chose to ignore that thought.
After his epiphany, Dean decided to go to bed and get at least a few hours of sleep, before he had to prepare everything for his dangerous mission. This was a big deal and even if he wanted nothing more than to start right away, he knew that a decision like that should be made after a good night's sleep with a clear head.
Dean whacked his fist on the sink. Why the hell was he still thinking about last night?
-", Dean explained, but then suddenly stopped, shifting nervously, a slight blush creeping up his neck at the way he had accidentally emphasized that last word.
Castiel sighed, before he reminded him. "You know that I can help you, Dean". Dean threw him a scorning glance. "Seriously Dean?", Sam asked, "You knew that Cas could help you but you didn‘t let him? What is it with all of your bickering anyway?"
He rummaged around his room to pack some necessities before he walked down the hallway towards the garage with a backpack in his hand. About midway, he felt a hand on his shoulder, stopping him. Castiel had gone after him because he had heard the noise.
He had a late breakfast together with Cas, Sam and Jack, before he opened his laptop, that he hadn't touched in a long time, trying to figure out where Lucifer was. "No books today?", Cas asked in confusion, as he sat down next to Dean. "Nah, not in the mood", Dean answered, as he kept scrolling through the news.
"I gave everything for you. And this is what you give to me?"
Dean sighed. Of course, as if all of this wasn't already complicated enough, there was still the elephant in the room. He had tried his best to ignore these thoughts, but they always kept creeping back up on him when he least expected them to.
care about you?" He could see the pain in Dean‘s eyes as the words that Cas had just uttered began to sink in. Maybe it wasn’t just self-hatred and Dean was really just so clueless about the impact that he had on people..especially the impact he had on Cas.
, Cas still didn't get it and it seemed like Dean had made it even worse with his words. More than anything, Dean just wanted to kiss some sense into the angel, but instead he just whined, "
Dean felt Castiel's strong arms around his body that held him through his orgasm like an anchor as his whole world was turned upside down. His body was shaking violently as his brain was sent into overdrive. Cas' hot lips were all over his mouth and Dean panted to catch his breath between kisses, as he rode out his aftershocks, rutting his hips up against Castiel's. He was overwhelmed and struggling to catch his breath while the angel continued to stroke him through his aftershocks and relentlessly pounded into him. Dean could feel his lover's cock swelling even further inside him as Cas came closer to his own release.
He tried to conjure a detailed image before his mind's eye, reconstructing Castiel's entire bone structure with the power of his imagination, from his cheekbones over to his jawbone and collarbone, all the way down to the last small bone in his toe. Dean let the memory of the angel consume him, as his mind painted Castiel in all the colors of his being. The rosy hues of his blood and the muted blues and greens of his veins, that shone through the soft beiges and browns that made up his complexion. The dark browns and mahoganys that reflected off his hair when the sun hit it just right. The way his dark eyelashes lightened at the ends and the multitude of different aquamarine and blue hues that coalesced into each other and made up his beautiful eyes. As the image was slowly assembled in his mind, it seemed like the excessive amount of time that he had spent looking at Castiel was finally starting to pay off.
"All things considered..yeah, I'm okay", Dean muttered, "More okay than I've been in a long time actually". Sam nodded and smiled. "What's that smell?", Dean asked as he turned around towards the kitchen counter, hissing through his teeth as he strained his stitches just a little too much. "Here", Cas said softly as he approached behind Dean and set a plate in front of him, "This will help you to regain some strength". Dean's eyes lit up as he incredulously eyed the tasty looking bacon cheeseburger and steaming fries in front of him.
The angel slowly approached Dean and carefully placed his palms on Dean‘s temples. Dean was shivering under Cas‘ touch even though he hadn‘t worked his magic yet. So now the smart ass got what he wanted. Not only had he completely taken him by surprise with the kiss.
One final deep thrust and another sharp grind at Dean's cock was all that it took for the hunter's whole body to tense up as his muscles deliciously constricted Castiel's cock. "Caaaahhh...Castiel", he screamed into the crook of the angel's neck, as he came, digging his fingernails deep into the flesh of the angel's back.
Dean didn't know if this was a good or a bad thing. What he had with Cas felt pure and real and he didn't have a single doubt in his mind that it was right, too. In fact, nothing had felt so right for Dean in a long time..probably not ever. But he wasn't sure about the impact that his relationship with Cas would have on their daily life and on his relationship with his brother. He didn't want things to change or get awkward between them.
"It's all true, Dean", Cas went on, "And yes, I am aware that I‘m an angel with many more centuries of my life still before me. You might only have a relatively short life expectancy, compared to mine, but I am willing to do whatever it takes for the opportunity to see you healthy and happy, even if it's just for a few minutes or even seconds". Dean swallowed thickly, but Cas didn't stop there. "I would do anything for you, because I can't just idly stand by and watch you feeling miserable like that when I know that I could help you.
The days went by and Dean slowly but surely recovered from the exertion of his fight against Lucifer. Between a few solid nights of sleep and Cas' healing powers, Dean almost felt like himself again, if it hadn't been for his energy-sapping headaches. Michael's willpower had apparently increased since he had been on the loose again and he was regularly banging against the solid metal door inside Dean's head with full force. Cas could silence the archangel inside Dean's head with his mojo for a while, but it was only a temporary solution.
finally happening.
But he couldn't linger, so he just ran. He ran and ran, but Michael kept throwing memories at him at an increasingly fast pace.
as a comfort food for Dean. Sam had to admit that these burgers had tasted pretty good, but when he saw the sheer adoration in Dean's eyes, he had already half expected his brother to drop to his knees and ask Cas to marry him right there and then. Of course he didn't, because let's be honest, it's Dean that we're talking about here, but it was still sweet to see how well Cas' attempt to show his affection had worked. After all, the way to a man's heart - especially to Dean's heart - was through his stomach and Cas seemed to be well aware of that.
"You don't have to worry, babe", Daniel answered as he leaned back to look into his husband's eyes, "I'm here and I'm fine". Jim pulled Daniel closer by his neck and kissed him lovingly. Dean watched them curiously. Even though it had always been weird for him to see two guys kissing, he felt a strange sense of familarity. Somehow, it actually felt good to see these two so happy. To see a that a gay man didn't have to be a nancy boy. Hell, this guy had almost taken down a Djinn on his own and, what impressed Dean even more, he still had the balls to come back home to his lover without being ashamed of anything.
