Dean gave him that dry dude-are-you-serious-right-now look but placed his foot on the container anyway.
"I'm ready," he said, coming to a stop in front of Castiel, completely out of breath. He held his satchel in one hand and fidgeted with his white stick with the other.
"Dean..."
What the hell did that even mean? Dean didn't want to push because he remembered perfectly how happy Sam had looked when Dean suggested the idea yesterday night and he guessed the postponing wasn't his little brother's idea. Let's just say that didn't exactly improve his opinion on Lucifer. If the guy was gonna let Sam down, he would have to face a lot more trouble than just having family dinner.
"Yeah, it's fine, I'll walk. It's right down the road anyway. Apparently."
(- Greg Lestrade)
"Yes."
Adam seemed to be doing his very best to glare his oldest brother to death while responding, "So what if he is?"
Michael nodded understandingly. "Of course, you're absolutely right. But hey, if you ever want to talk about it..."
It took a while before Gabriel's reply came in but once it did, Sam understood why.
"Oh," Lucifer said, disappointment clear on his face. "Okay then."
"Perfect, I'll see you then." And like that Balthazar dropped the pen, folded the piece of paper in two, put it in Dean's hand and then ran back to his own seat since class was about to begin.
"That's not in any way relevant."
Now it was Sam's time to frown. "I don't know what you're talking about."
"Out," Sam said evasively. "With a friend."
"Help with what?" Sam questioned, getting even more suspicious about the Trickster's intentions.
Cas sighed.
"I don't know where it is," Michael quickly added. "I only know it's a private, underground club Lucifer is a member of. That's all."
"But Charlie, you're always such a good friend to everyone!" Kevin protested.
Dean put a step forward, ready to fly at his throat, but Michael grabbed his arm and pulled him back.
Dean just hoped he hadn't just gotten himself into a lot of trouble.
"Well you know, I live with Dean and my dad about ten minutes from school. My dad isn't at home a lot though, so it's mainly just..."
Sam felt the same way but he knew better than that and pulled back. "I can't," he breathed out. "Might be Dean."
"Mike, I really don't see the problem, alright? I mean, I think it would actually do all of you some good. All this fighting, don't you see how stupid it is?"
He honestly didn't know if he should be insulted by that or not. But on the bright side, it was hard to believe there was some ulterior motive to this, even if Dean still thought it was weird. "You want me to come to your party?"
Sam couldn't believe what he was hearing. The way Lucifer and Michael talked about each other... He never could've imagined them caring that much about one another.
and we don't even know how it happened."
And as he walked away, Dean did feel sorry for how things had ended. But he also felt a kind of relief as a weight he'd been carrying for weeks finally disappeared.
He could see his little brother slowly giving in and after a couple of seconds, Sam let out a sigh. "Alright. You win, I'm coming. But if Dad finds out..."
?" he gasped.
"No of course not!" Dean said without thinking even a second about it. He didn't want to think a second about it.
Sam smiled a little bit at that.
He gasped for air at the sudden touch, palming him through his jeans, and his brain went into overdrive. Not that it didn't feel nice - of course it felt nice - but Sam's mind was at once speeding towards the finish line of the direction this was going in. And he wasn't too certain about that specific direction.
Dean sighed and got out his wallet. "I want my brother back." He handed Crowley a twenty with a deadly look on his face.
But what he'd said was true. He was so happy Sam finally seemed able to smile again. Since his girlfriend's death his brother had been awfully quiet, even more than usual. He hardly talked or smiled and when he did, it felt forced. He lay on his bed and did his homework. He even read less and Dean had caught him staring aimlessly more than a couple of times. He had feared Sam might never truly recover from it and he hated that feeling. He had missed his younger brother, the smart, shy kid with the ambition to save the world.
"Thank you," Sam told him and he meant the words with every fiber of his being.
His brother rushed through the kitchen to get his own stuff. Castiel heard a stumble and a swear and he couldn't help but smile. The past couple of years Gabriel had gotten to know the place like the back of his hand but from time to time things like chairs still got in his way.
"Zachariah, yes. Why?"
PS, I only came up with the idea for the title afterwards but it seemed fitting and then I listened to the Linkin Park song that inspired it and now it just fits so goddamn perfectly I had to mention it.
He had a feeling Dean liked Castiel a bit more than he let onto but decided not to mention it.
he thought.
"Alright, I'll see you Monday," Dean said while opening the door. "Thanks, Mike."
The way Lucifer's face lid up was enough to convince Sam he'd made the right decision. "Really?"
Hufflepuff:
A frown appeared on his brother's face. "By who?"
He knocked against the door but it merely trembled a bit in its hinges. He tried another time, putting all of his weight behind the blow. Nothing. Normally, he would try to kick the door open but with the actual toilet right behind him there wasn't enough room in the cubicle.
In the meantime, Sam and Lucifer were still sitting on the couch in quietude. Sam was leaning his head on Lucifer's shoulder and his boyfriend had put an arm around his shoulders but that was about it. Lucifer was lost in thought and Sam wanted to give him all the time he needed to come back to him. So he waited, thinking about his brother. He couldn't help but wonder if Dean knew the whole story and tried to convince himself he couldn't. Because if he did, he wouldn't be friends with Michael anymore. Sam had to believe that. He'd never thought much of Michael and the other Shurleys but this... No, even his brother wouldn't be on their side anymore if he'd heard the truth. Dean might act all though and just but he was also righteous. He'd realize what was wrong or right eventually. And then he'd understand why Lucifer was the good guy in all of this.
"Sure," Kevin smiled happily and Sam reciprocated the gesture.
The other boy shrugged. "One, yes. It is fun. And two? This is so not about tricking Dean." He pointed his finger at Sam and circled it around a few times. "This joke is on you, Sam."
"But he didn't?" his brother asked.
They just looked at each other for a couple of seconds before Dean continued, "But this ain't right and you know it. Michael, you are eighteen years old, a teenager, basically a kid yourself! You can't look after all of your siblings and you definitely shouldn't have to either. Your dad's the one who should be doing the fixing instead of leaving you to clean up his mess."
Sam sighed.
Dean dropped down on his bed with a loud sigh. At least the worst part was over. Okay, maybe second worst part. The idea of talking to Michael alone was enough to make him groan with desperation.
As Gabriel pretended to be deeply insulted and sat back with his arms crossed and his lips pouting, he noticed a little smile on his younger brothers' faces at his ridiculous behavior.
"I have to go to class," Cas said, clearly not excited about the news.
Dean was pacing up and down the kitchen with his phone in his hand. Where the hell was his brother? Sam had told him he'd got a ride, not that he was going to spend the entire evening god knows where.
Sam nodded excitedly. "Friday's perfect. Can I ride with you after school?"
For a moment, the other side of the door remained quiet and Dean almost started to think Cas had left.
"But enough about me. How are you doing?"
"Okay. Bye, Cas," he said, subconsciously smiling.
He also hated that the tone in his voice was barely able to convince even him.
"I promise it won't kill you," Dean laughed, and Cas hesitantly accepted the drink. As he took a first careful sip, Dean opened his own bottle, trying not to watch Cas's reaction too obviously. Not that he managed to read the expression on his face anyway.
"You're welcome," Lucifer smirked, letting go of him and getting up. "You need some distraction. What do you say you and I get out of this shithole?"
"What is it?" he asked in a demanding voice.
The room remained quiet for a couple of seconds longer before the Sorting Hat finally opened its mouth.
"Well, I wasn't risking facing Lucifer then, was I?!"
"More importantly, what are you doing here?" Michael repeated. "I told you all I'd be back soon enough and I left Raphael in charge."
"I bet you do with a father like yours. Unbelievable, we could be co-workers one day."
?" Dean asked in disbelief.
Dean's head snapped up, even though he couldn't even look at the other boy. "Really?"
Their lips smashed together and it was as if a giant ball of warmth and happiness exploded in his body. It was nothing like the kiss they'd shared yesterday. This one was long and feisty and full of desire. Sam stumbled back against the desk, placing his hands on the surface automatically so he wouldn't fall over while Lucifer pressed his body against his. The other boy's fingers let go of his shirt and moved to the back of his neck, where he could feel them entwine with his hair. A shiver ran down his spine as Lucifer used his lips to part Sam's. He felt Lucifer's tongue slip past his upper lip, caressing it on its way, and for a moment Sam considered if this was maybe going a little bit too fast. But honestly, his mind couldn't be bothered thinking about that right now. Hell, his mind couldn't be bothered thinking about anything at all besides the mouth moving against his own.
Next to him Michael burst out into laughter. He looked back and forth between him and Crowley, not understanding what the fuck was going on here.
"Don't worry about it, man. We still got-" Still smiling, Dean looked at his watch. "- two whole minutes before first class."
"I guess, yeah..." Sam answered hesitantly and drank from his beer again to give himself a bit more time to think.
"Hey," he called, quickly catching up with Michael. "What is it?"
At that point Sam felt like throwing his arms around the boy he had started to love and just hold him, for as long as needed to take away the pain he saw in those blue eyes. But honestly, he didn't know how Lucifer would take that. Sam had never seen him like this, this honest, this fragile, this... pure. Lucifer was all fun, sarcasm and carelessness. That was the guy Sam knew how to deal with. And he couldn't be more grateful that Lucifer had allowed him to see this side of him, but somehow that only made him more scared of doing something to ruin it. The last thing he wanted was for Lucifer to shut him out again. So all Sam could do was nod at him sympathetically and hope Lucifer would feel he was there for him.
"That is what you wanted to talk to me about," Castiel said.
He looked away quickly, blushing like crazy.
"No more surprises," Dean promised. "Today."
like that!" his brother yelled. "Happy now?"
Michael
Crowley scowled at him but then snatched away the money. "Deal." He turned around and walked back into the club.
"Was this what they were talking about?" Dean asked, his eyes big with surprise.
Dean was very satisfied with himself when he finally got a text.
"Yeah sure!" he answered. "Just a coke, please!"
"Ow, this is only half of them," Lisa said and Sam could have sworn his jaw hit the ground. "They say there were so many of them, neither one of the local high schools had room for all of them. So Chuck split them up, sent half of them to Lawrence High School and the others to this place."
Sam frowned at his phone. That was... weird. Had he just really scared off Gabriel?
He'd deal with his feelings tomorrow.
Sam was nowhere to be found and on his kitchen table lay a note from his dad, saying he got another job.
"There are two sides to every story, right?"
He was just getting Sam in the backseat when the girls arrived.
Sam barely realized he'd said the words out loud, it was like they just escaped his lips without anything he could do about it. It only hit him when Lucifer froze in place and Sam saw the look in his eyes. Those bright blue orbs were big with joy, shock and a gazillion other things Sam couldn't place.
"Dean!" Sam yelled, as he noticed him. "You fffound me!"
For a couple of seconds the line stayed silent. Then Crowley apparently decided,
"What do you mean?" Sam frowned.
"Hey, Misha?" he called out. He was going to have to go out on a limb here but it was the only idea he had left.
"Yes, you're right," Castiel agreed and they got up and walked back into the building.
"That's it, I'm done," he announced when he reached Jess and Kevin during their last break.
The other boy's eyes grew wide. "Winchester? As in Dean Winchester's brother? My brother has quite the thing for him."
Eventually, Dean said, "So what's today's plan? We can hang out some more if you want. Just let me know when you want to go home and-"
Mick had a frown on his face and turned towards Dean. "Sorry, Dean, what did you say your last name was again?"
Don't get your hopes up too much, this one was already close to done and it will probably take me too long again for the next update... I am oh-so grateful for all of you sticking around <3
"Do you really think I am stupid enough to give any of you two morons access to that place?"
He rolled his eyes. "Let's just get to the library."
"Wow Sammy, never took you for the sneaky type," Lucifer said with a playful grin and pulled up eyebrows, making Sam swallow loudly. The Shurley laughed at that. "Don't worry, I'm just messing with you." And with that he started walking.
"Yes, how did that happen?" Michael wondered. "Since the two of you are in different years and all."
He was just about to send Lisa a message but then changed his mind. If Sam decided to join them, Dean'd let him pick who was coming and he wasn't sure it wouldn't be painful for his brother to see him with his girlfriend.
"Yeah, me too," Dean sighed. He reluctantly let go of Cas, whose hand remained to linger on his shoulder for another second before he dropped it too. Dean missed the touch almost right away.
Dean was about to reply when he heard someone chuckling behind him.
The older boy stamped into the room and shot Dean an angry glare before moving to pass him by, but he wasn't planning on letting that happen.
He gave a half-smile, which Michael returned. "But hey, we're still friends, right?"
Lucifer smirked. "See you at lunch, Sammy."
Dean let out a sigh and finally opened the door. As they walked in, he said, "It's not your fault, alright? It's just, this day... Man, I don't even know where to start."
"You're kidding me, right?" he asked, eyebrows raised in disbelief. Even Cas couldn't be that sheltered, could he? With the parties Balthazar threw, how was that even an option?
Adam seemed to have finally found his tongue again. "Anything else we should know?"
Sam suddenly gave him a mocking smile. "If you want to play it that way, then how do you know Castiel Shurley? And more importantly, why did you drag him out of biology yesterday?"
"They actually aren't really twins, they just happened to be born on the same day," Michael elaborated. "They were 12 years old back then. Their names are Adam..."
When he'd texted Sam to say he wouldn't be home for a couple more hours earlier, he'd also asked if his brother had talked to Lucifer yet. Not that Dean was so eager to spend time with someone who took Sammy to nightclubs but he knew it was important to Sam.
"Okay, so obviously they've all been adopted," she answered Sam's question. "But more importantly, they're legendary."
He grinned as his friend immediately pulled his phone from his pocket, and it grew even wider when Cas smiled too, even though it only lasted for a second.
"Hey, Cas?" he questioned. "How am I gonna get my other leg over without falling flat on my face?"
A third time he attempted to wring the lock open but it was stuck as could be. It was impossible. Only a couple of minutes ago it had closed without any struggle.
"Dude, I'm straight as a ruler."
He heard Crowley sigh on the other end of the line.
Cas concluded and Dean let out a sigh.
It was surprisingly easy to find the Shurley boy with the golden hair. Maybe even a bit too easy. As soon as Sam spotted those defying ember eyes, the guy's lips curled around his lollypop in an arrogant smirk, and Sam marched towards his goal. The Trickster's smile grew wider... and then he turned around and started walking away.
He really hadn't meant to remind his brother of Jessica, let alone insinuate that Sam was over her already. Dammit, he'd loved that girl like a sister himself.
"Well, if Dean tells them about us, how do you think they're gonna respond to him and Michael being friends?" Lucifer snapped.
Both Adam and Molly were trying their very best to not grin like idiots at the small victory.
Michael's eyebrows shot up in surprise for a moment before he smiled and extended his hand. "Yeah. Michael Shurley, nice to meet you."
Sam rolled his eyes but the idea made his cheeks heat. Their conversation returned to a more casual one but what Lucifer had said kept lingering in the back of his mind. Would maybe tonight be...? Lucifer obviously wanted it to but then again he'd wanted to for weeks. Did Sam want it? The easy answer was a yes, of course he wanted to, but did he want to
Finally a message came in.
"I'm not grumpy."
"Okay." Castiel went to sit on the stairs and Dean followed his lead. The boy gave him an expectant look.
All of his books fell out of his locker as he opened it, even though he had them always neatly arranged. He broke another chair, he tripped on something and dropped his lunch, he bumped into more people in one day than he had in the rest of his life. And when his history class was over and he was about to stand up and leave, his shoe laces had been tied together, which made him fall. Again.
"That's alright," Castiel said. "I don't expect to get in too much trouble. It's only biology after all."
Cas sighed.
"Hey, Cas. What's up?"
He approached the group of kids, glad he could finally have a chance to find out what had been going on with Cas. Unfortunately, the Shurleys turned out to have a different opinion about that.
At once, Gabriel jumped back into that whole smart-ass shell of his. "Easy. I've still got some stuff up my sleeve to convince him. All you gotta do is help me lure him out so he'll actually talk to me."
Dean laughed and shook his head. "Crazy, huh."
"Oh no, you're not gonna 'see' anything," Dean said. He wasn't going to let Crowley fool him twice. "You're gonna get in there and when you come back, my brother is with you, understand?"
Crowley turned to him in shock. "You did this to me?!" he roared and Gabriel had to admit that if he'd been any less of a wizard, he probably would've actually felt intimidated by it.
They walked down the hall and entered a big kitchen with a living room attached to it. Here too there were these little creative elements to the interior. The Winchesters had only just started looking around and taking it all in when they heard the front door being unlocked again. They looked at each other and at once started back to the hallway. Whoever was at the door could either be dangerous or capable of explaining a lot of this craziness to them.
Lucifer's eyes narrowed but the little smile held its place. "You have my attention."
"Unfortunately, yes," Castiel sighed.
When they went their separate ways, Dean thanked the younger boy another time and they said their goodbyes for now. While walking to his classroom, Dean mentally made a list of all the things he had to do next:
"Because Lucifer, that son of a bitch, took Sam there and I don't like it," he said, becoming impatient.
He drove home and started calling his friends, asking if they'd ever heard of The Cage. None of them recognized the name but they all offered to keep an eye out for Sam and Charlie promised to put her hacking skills to use.
The guy chuckled softly and Dean looked at him while frowning. "What?"
"Yeah, she's alright with it. Does Friday work?"
"Hello, Dean," Castiel smiled back at him.
"You sure you don't wanna stay for dinner?" Dean asked.
His anger would be far more useful if it was pointed at someone else.
"Isn't it?" Sam snapped at him. He hadn't realized he was this pissed, hell, maybe he wasn't even this pissed with Dean, but the ball of frustration in his stomach had apparently chosen to come out at this very moment. "'Cause he was being pretty damn clear when he said you two concocted a way to get me to break up with Lucifer. You even gave him permission to mess with you!"
The fact that Ellen, the owner, and her daughter Jo joined them after a while made it all the better. Sure, for a couple of months there had been some tension between Lisa and Jo, because Jo and Dean used to have something going on between them before he got back together with Lisa, but in the end the girls had resolved their differences and now they actually got along really well. And that sure as hell was a good thing, because Sam didn't think Ellen and Jo would ever disappear from their lives.
He quickly smiled. "Hey."
Perfect.
Dean opened his mouth, then realized he still didn't know what to say and closed it again. Should he apologize? Make his intentions clear? What were his intentions anyway?
"MOTHERFUCKING SON OF A BITCH!"
John tilted his head in confusion. "Wasn't that your dad? Should we know him?"
As soon as Sam left the car, he shook off the awkwardness between him and Dean. He wouldn't let the argument with this brother ruin his day.
"Can we just drop it?" he sighed. "It won't happen again. I'll be more careful next time, okay?"
"Yeah," Sam shrugged. "Been a while since I've really hung out with my friends. I thought it could be nice."
"I was having fun, that's what I was doing!" Sam defended himself. Why was his brother making such a big deal out of this?
That really made the other boy break into a grin. Cas gave a slow nod and finally looked down for a second. "I'm not sure," he admitted. "I'm not very used to this..." He raised his fingers and made quotation marks. "... 'going out'."
In that moment Adam could've died from embarrassment.
Lucifer raised an eyebrow. "Of course we are. You really think I'd let an opportunity like that pass me by?"
Sam laughed and shoved him playfully before opening his locker. As he did so, he saw Lucifer move and a second later he felt a presence right behind him. With an annoyed sigh he turned around and slightly looked up at the Shurley, who was a lot closer than he had anticipated. "What are you doing?"
Dean texted him during his last class.
"Dean, don't do it," Michael said, not once turning his glaring eyes away from Crowley. "You don't want to stoop to his level."
"Yeah, sure," he said, although he was everything but sure on what to expect.
Sam immediately went red again.
Gabriel and Lucifer turned at the Head table in unison.
A frown appeared on Cas's forehead. "You mentioned Gabriel had something to do with that this morning. Why would you think that?"
When he unlocked the car, Cas gave him the smallest of smiles and Dean hated that it made him feel better, if only a tiny bit. They both got in and sat in silence for a couple of seconds, waiting for the other to say something.
Hi there! If you've already come across this story before, you're probably thinking to yourself right now, "Wait, a second chapter? I thought this was going to be a one-shot?" Well, I've got two words for you: Me. Too. But as usual, I couldn't help myself and this story ended up waaaay longer than I intended it to be. So, that's why I'm finally splitting it up in a few chapters instead!
"Why did you do that?" Dean asked in surprise. He didn't even know the guy. Why would he help him?
"And I'll try not to judge too much," Dean begrudgingly conceded, but he was also smiling.
He wandered through the hallways, on the lookout for Balthazar. From what Dean had told him, he'd figured the guy was quite the troublemaker. And of course he was also the one who had invited him to the party. Sure, it was his party and he hadn't invited Sam directly but it was the only thing he could go by right now.
Adam thought to himself.
She smiled brightly. "Want a spot on the Hufflepuff team?"
it read, in a familiar handwriting.
Sam tried to slap his hand away but Lucifer was too fast, so instead he decided on just bitchfacing him.
He groaned. "Well, that's just great."
The other boy shrugged and Sam laughed. He didn't know why but it seemed to be the only thing he could do. "They were right," he said, his voice breaking on the last word. "They were all right from the start. Dad, Bobby, Dean, Mich-"
Sam really hated the Trickster. But maybe... Well, it wouldn't hurt, right? If anything, it could only make this day more perfect. He had told Lucifer he loved him, surely it was his turn to hear those words? Maybe Lucifer hadn't been ready before but after the day they had? Now that they were about to have sex? It only seemed reasonable that he had to be.
Gabriel texted back.
"Want to get ready for lunch?" he suggested as a peace offering.
Not that it mattered since Misha ignored him anyway. "Jared, you know where the guest room is!" was the only thing he said before the two of them left the kitchen.
A VERY SUPERNATURAL CHRISTMAS PEOPLE!
"I gotta go check something, I'll be back in a couple of minutes," he told his friends before getting up from his seat and heading to the entrance doors. If Sam was still at his locker as he suspected, there wouldn't be any getting out of having lunch together anymore.
you here!" Then something dawned on him. "Wait. If he's been gone this whole time, then who's taking care of you?"
"Tran, Kevin!"
Misha laughed and put his coat on one of the hooks before walking away towards the kitchen. "That's new. Normally that's my job. Jared, you wanna join us for dinner?"
At that point the school bell rang and they had to leave for class.
Dean gave the other boy a grateful smile. "Thanks, Cas."
"I'm nothing out of the ordinary."
Castiel squinted his eyes and tilted his head but he didn't move. "Where are we going?"
"So how did you even find this place?" he asked instead.
"Do you think Crowley is gay?"
"I'm glad to hear that," he said. "Because I think I would like to do it again."
"Yes," the boy said and turned towards them. "It's abundantly clear why your friend is a Ravenclaw. She is smart, all be it not in a classic, scholarly way. She wasn't interested in your intellectual debate on whether or not she was fit for this House, for instance, but she does value useful knowledge. You can tell by her notebook. The corners have been crumpled so she clearly keeps it on her by all times, or at least almost, and by the little smudges of ink on her fingers you can tell she writes in quite often too, instead of just going over what's in it. Now, the question of course is what she's writing. Could be things she needs to remember, practicalities that could turn out to be useful, lists, memories, it could even be fiction, which would add to her creativity, a lesser known aspect of Ravenclaw. Speaking of, the cover and margins are decorated with drawings and stickers, including one from her American House, the Thunderbird. So she likes to explore, discover new things, she is curious and open-minded, yet
"Not that much probably," Dean shrugged. "Mostly the stuff about him, Lucifer and your dad."
"Fine," Dean retorted. "Then spill it. What am I talking about, Cas?"
His friend slowly shook his head. "I had no idea... I don't understand. I know he can get a little bit out of control sometimes and he's no stranger to messing with people but..." He sighed and Dean felt sorry for him. Couldn't be easy having to deal with a brother like that.
"No," the other boy repeated. "But I am going to tell you that Lucifer doesn't love you."
His boyfriend laughed a little at the shock on his face. "My name used to be Nick."
"Hey," his boyfriend said, drawing his eyes back to him. He bent forward and grabbed the back of Sam's neck, pulling him towards him until their lips met.
"RAVENCLAW!"
"What about you two?" Gabriel continued with a charming smile. Castiel wondered what he was up to this time. Whatever it was, it couldn't be good.
smart. Like I said, practical knowledge. The fact that she still uses Muggle stuff means that not only she values her family but also isn't afraid to show it. If she minded standing out, she wouldn't be walking around with it after what I guess would be about five years of living in the wizarding world. So she is happy to be authentic and hold on to her individuality. Again, Ravenclaw."
"Well, like I said, we aren't exactly close," Crowley snarled, his voice dripping with irony.
"Because he's attracted to you."
It wouldn't hurt to just get an idea of what Gabriel was planning if he could still choose not to go through with it.
"The lock won't open," Dean explained. "Cas, you gotta get me out of here, man."
"Well, I want to help people," he smiled thinking about the possibility of that future. "I want them to get justice, you know? There's so much wrongdoing in this world, so many people who don't get what they deserve, if I can put just a fraction of that right..." He shook his head. "It's stupid, I know."
"Let's just say he is a kind of competitor to me and my business."
That's right, Charles "Chuck" Shurley, one of the most powerful wizards of the United States, maybe even in the world, was his father. Okay, adoptive father. But that didn't change the expectations basically everyone had of them. It also didn't help Gabriel was the second oldest and therefore was compared to Michael all the time, something that usually wasn't exactly in his favor.
"But he brought up the idea, didn't he?" Gabriel muttered and Sam couldn't find the strength to answer him.
"Well, then were the hell is he?" He'd thought the Shurley family history had been bad so far but it only seemed to keep on getting even worse.
"GRYFFINDOR!"
"Yeah?" Misha answered, reappearing into view, and there was a slimmer of hope in his eyes. Great, now Dean felt even worse.
Of course he knew he was acting like a complete idiot but he couldn't help it. Michael's brother was right, it really wasn't that big a deal but only the thought of Michael thinking about him that way made him feel extremely uncomfortable. On the other hand, Michael was a great friend and Dean honestly didn't want to lose him.
"I am happy," Dean replied. "Hey, we're going to a party tomorrow."
"Gryffindor."
Misha frowned. "Nervous? Babe, you've done panels a thousand times. Jared will be there right with you, I'll be backstage... Everyone's gonna be there. Come on, you love seeing everyone at cons, especially the actors who aren't on anymore."
He anxiously waited for a response, biting the nail of his thumb in the process.
"And," Dean corrected him. Sam frowned, so he explained,
"He isn't," Dean said. "Yet. He's coming home tonight."
"That that's your boyfriend you're texting," Dean answered in a bit harsher tone.
"We didn't break up, we're on a break," he urged in a low voice.
"I need your help."
Dean smiled at the blush on his brother's face.
When he finally found Dean at the make-up department, his brother wasn't looking happy. As soon as he noticed the shock on Sam's face though, his eyes turned worried and started towards him.
"You trusted your emotions. So much that you allowed them to cloud your judgement."
He'd been expecting a lot of replies. Sam bursting out in laughter wasn't one of them though.
And it was going to end tomorrow.
He shrugged, then realized Cas couldn't exactly see that.
actor named Rob Benedict. Wanna see who it is?"
"Seriously?" he commented while Dean was patting his pockets like crazy.
He thought he heard something in the background and then Cas told him,
Out of the corner of his eye he could see a small blush appearing on his guide's face. "Thank you. Where did you park?"
He knew he'd been an ass to Castiel and definitely deserved the guy's sharp comment. But now that same comment kept rankling and Dean was out of options of how to handle it. Surely he'd messed up all his chances of getting any more help from Castiel. Jesus, the Shurley boy had really tried his best for him and in return he'd acted like a whining bitch.
Crowley laughed at him like something about this situation was really ironic to him. He shook his head and said, "Oh you don't have to take the car, Winchester. It's right here."
"'Course not," Charlie interfered. "But let's be honest, he'd be the first in his family."
Sam let out a sarcastic laugh. "And the only way to do that was by terrorizing my brother? How about next time you just come over and start a conversation, like
She gave him a friendly hug before asking, "How are you? We haven't really seen you in a while."
Either way, he dropped Cas off at Cross Road and made his way back home. There he grabbed another beer and went to lie on the coach.
Hufflepuff:
Gabriel actually had to think for a second what in hell a "Gryffindor" was, before he remembered what his brother told him only a couple of minutes earlier.
"Hi," he said, while getting seated beside him and taking a sip from his beer. "I don't think we've properly met yet. The name is Dean Winchester."
Balthazar seemed fine, weird but still okay, so maybe this guy would be a little bit less secluded too. The least he could do was give him a chance. "Dean," he replied and took his hand.
"Well," Dean said, while starting to walk back to the Impala, "according to Kevin they planned on going to a club called The Cage. That ring a bell to you?"
As soon as he'd spoken the words, he abruptly fell silent and Dean knew exactly what he was thinking. They exchanged a look of surprise, both realizing it at the exact same time.
"Sorry, what?" he asked in confusion. Why was this guy even talking to him?
"Mr. Winchester, is something about this class amusing to you?"
"Yep."
"Right, that's Balthazar, this is Crowley," the Shurley kid quickly introduced them. "Please don't tell me you're screwing my brother."
When they arrived at their destination Sam had difficulty keeping his mouth closed. He'd seen the house before, once or twice when passing by, but he'd never really looked at it. And he certainly hadn't when all the lights were on, music booming from the inside and teenagers walking in and out with their drinks.
"You don't want them to hear us?" Dean blurted out.
Dean gulped, hastily rushed out, "Yeah okay, gotta go, see you later, bye," and ended the call.
"Okay, hold on a sec," Dean said. "So the guy only took you in because Lucifer asked?"
The response came only seconds later.
"Do you think they were a thing?"
He did really like Cas though.
And then looked at each other in shock.
"No, you listen, Dean," Sam interrupted him. "Lucifer has been nothing but nice to me. He is funny and spontaneous and kind; this is the first time since Jess I've truly felt happy again and that's because of him."
To his sarcastic surprise all of his brothers shook their heads and he rolled his eyes before leaving.
But when five minutes turned to ten turned to fifteen, his brotherly instincts started to rise in his chest.
"Anyone in for a picnic?" he asked while tossing Dean a beer.
had no idea Sam and Lucifer have been dancing the lambada for about a month now, and
Gabriel looked at him as if he was joking and when it became clear he wasn't, the guy let out a whistle and rolled his eyes dramatically. "You sorry sons of bitches. You two didn't even bother telling each other, did you?"
"Okay, I'm going to stop you right there," Lucifer interrupted him. "I meant
Dean had no idea what that meant but he was pretty sure he didn't get that in his biology classes. Or any of the other people in high school for that matter. "What? Why?"
Dean immediately started blushing like a teenage girl, looking at the flowers with big eyes, and Sam was doing his very best to hide a big grin behind his hand.
He grabbed his phone, opened up a search engine and looked for a club named like that in the area. He came up empty however and swore under his breath. While pulling out of the parking lot he tried to think of something, anything, that could point him in the right direction.
"Hey Sammy?" he said, turning to him while they were walking back to the car.
Dean raised his hands in surrender. What else was he supposed to do anyway? "Fine. I'll do what I can."
After glancing a quick look at the menu Michael said, "I'll have the roast beef, bacon and cheddar sandwich please. And a coke."
It was only when one of the stalls opened that they broke apart, being it reluctantly. The kid was staring at them in surprise, frozen in place.
Lucifer let out a dramatic sigh and took a sip from his butterbeer. "Unfortunately I'm just trying to make his life as uncomfortable as possible."
Cas's eyes immediately found him when he got the text, although he quickly looked away again before reading it and answering,
"No," Dean admitted. "But at least I'm not completely lost anymore." He laughed. "I finally have a plan for change, so there's that."
"That's too bad," Michael replied sympathetically.
When Dean pulled up in the school's parking lot at Monday, he was exhausted. He was sick of the tension between him and Sam, he was sick of worrying about Michael and he sure as hell was sick of overthinking every single second of his life. Dean hated thinking.
"Who was that?" Charlie asked with a curious look in her eyes.
His brother gave him a surprised look. "That was fast."
A few seconds of silence, then Castiel let out an exasperated sigh. "That would be great, Dean, thank you."
Something inside of Dean's stomach welled up at that but he didn't pay attention to it. He just smiled at the boy who was starting to feel like his best friend more and more every single day.
"Look who's talking," Sam came back, motioning at the piece of pie Dean had bought on the way to school this morning.
Dean burst out in laughter and if that wasn't exactly what Sam had been aiming for.
The new kid just looked even more bored. "Still. I bet I could probably do a better job than you."
Sam was smart enough to know this wasn't the time to talk and just did as he was told. When he was done, the both of them just stood there waiting for Bobby in silence.
He grinned and made his way to Lucifer, who was leaning against his locker. "Don't call me that."
"No, I uhm..." Dean mumbled, "took him to Burcham."
Sam looked at his girlfriend and she answered with a shrug and a smile. "Sure."
"Good. I'm throwing a party tomorrow night. You're invited. There's only one rule: bring who you want, but take them all back home."
She got up and he put his arms around her, kissing her lovingly. Somehow she made everything so much easier.
"You really should tell them," Lucifer commented.
Cas watched him stutter with a worried look on his face. Then when it became clear nothing useful was going to leave Dean's mouth, the younger boy put a step forward and laid a hand on his shoulder. It was strange but somehow that comforted him a little right away.
The younger boy slowly lifted his eyes to meet his and Dean got caught in how blue they were. He didn't know how long the two of them were just standing there like that, gazes locked - it could've been seconds or ages - but he did know when it ended. Because from the moment Cas broke the connection and looked down again, Dean knew, and the truth shot a flash of pain through his chest.
"Are we missing something here? You two know each other?" Balthazar interrupted their conversation. Crowley was trying his very best to hide it but he had been following along too. Just out of curiosity.
For a moment, Dean had no idea how to respond. He had barely processed what he'd just done, he might just as well have gone crazy, and now Cas was telling him that kissing him was nice. And strangely, Dean agreed.
Instead he turned around and- holy shit, this guy was big. Okay, Dean wasn't too small himself and in fact he was still growing but he sure as hell hoped this dude was done with his bits. He was one of Cas's older brothers, a senior called Uriel. Dean only knew that because he'd seen him hang around with Michael before, but he'd never really noticed how intimidating this one of the Shurley kids could be.
"So what?" Dean laughed. "I mean, I get you got angry and I know he'd hurt you but you could've fixed it instead of picking a side."
(- Greg Lestrade)
"By the look on his face I'm getting he got the Pukwudgie kid," Dean grinned and then looked at his brother. "Guess that leaves you and me, Sammy. Good luck."
"But obviously he was there to take home only one child."
"No, I don't..." Michael started and then stopped abruptly.
"Oh." Lucifer pulled up his eyebrows and removed his hand, a bit of a disappointed look in his eyes. "I thought you wanted this."
"He just wanted to make you happy."
He couldn't imagine what it would be like living in a house full of people who were supposed to be family but did nothing whatsoever to show they cared. If anything, the Shurley household looked more like a company than a home, with Michael being the vice president. He really hoped his friend would eventually find a way out.
"Sorry, what?" he asked.
"That short, huh?" Lucifer said. "Seems like months ago."
"Sorry it took me so long," Cas said. "My siblings can be very persistent and they already are suspicious of me."
"Shut up," Dean grunted, looking down at his clothes angrily. Leather jacket, flannel, T-shirt, it was all covered in pink paint. Whoever did this was gonna pay for it. He mumbled a quick, "I'm gonna get cleaned up," before smashing his locker shut and heading to the bathroom.
(- Martha Hudson)
"So?" the Trickster commented, lifting an eyebrow.
"Hey," Dean mirrored.
Then he actually realized Gabriel had agreed to help him.
His little brother got that pensive look on his face. "
They found out GISH was some international contest/scavenger hunt that Misha had invented. Even after scrolling through the website and reading articles about it, Sam and Dean still couldn't say what exactly it was about though. Seriously, there had been a campaign to save unicorns?
"Winchester, Dean!"
it to mean? Yes, he liked Cas but was he really ready for a relationship with another guy? Having strange thoughts about Michael was one thing. Getting himself a boyfriend was a whole different level.
?" Sam huffed. "Listen, I don't care about your stupid tricks but you need to keep the hell away from my brother. He's had enough bullshit lately without you adding to the pile. Why are you even doing this to him? Is this fun for you? Tricking Dean over and over again?"
Neither of them noticed the boy in front of one of the windows on the second floor, watching them leave before he grabbed his own keys and rushed down the stairs.
"So, I've been thinking," he eventually started. "And you know, with the whole Lucifer and you thing, I thought we could maybe, if you want to, finally do some... well, introducing, you know."
Crowley frowned at him suspiciously. "Your brother is friends with him? Is he out of his mind?"
He was tired. Tired of Sam being secretive and doing who knows what in his spare time, tired of Michael and that Naomi girl (who he didn't even know!) giving him dirty looks, tired of Cas playing hide and seek and fucking tired of school.
"Yeah, now you mention it, how many of you are there?" he grinned, taking another pull from his drink.
"Why not?"
"Doesn't mean they aren't still gonna pay for what they did to Baby though," Dean continued. "Gonna make sure they'll never forget about that again."
Sam put on some other clothes, while Dean was downstairs, telling their dad some story he'd come up with about them having a movie night at Charlie's place. Sam knew Dad wouldn't question it, he had enough on his plate already.
"Sorry, Bobby," he muttered and Dean nodded in agreement.
"Sooo... you don't hate Lucifer?" Sam tried carefully.
Dean couldn't help but smile brightly at her and kissed her until his phone buzzed.
No way in hell he was gonna stop now. He had a feeling he'd only just gotten something. "No. Why not? Why don't you talk to him?"
"Because I loved you!" Sam screamed. "And I thought you loved me too!"
"No, it's okay," Misha stopped him but despite his words, he sounded hurt. Dean's heart sank into his stomach. The way Misha's voice had dropped and the look on his face... In that moment, the only thing that differentiated him from Cas was a forced little smile.
They had always told him there was a right person for everyone, someone who completed your own personality in such a unique way it restored your missing sense. Some people even had multiple soulmates. There was little evidence for that but it happened. Over the years Sam had seen it on the news a couple of times. Researchers were currently trying to find out if everyone had multiple soulmates, but so far there was no proof for that. Some also claimed there were people without a soulmate but everybody knew it was impossible to tell. Nobody could meet all of their possible soulmates, no matter how much you wanted to. And if you'd found them but they died, there was still a chance there was another one for you out there.
"Sounds like a plan," Charlie agreed and Benny and Jo smiled at him.
That definitely got Sam's attention. He suddenly had a feeling he might finally find out if there was more to his brother's friendship with Castiel than he had led on. He knew better than to say that out loud though, so he kept it at a simple, "Yeah."
Dean gave him a thumbs up before they went their separate ways. As soon as he entered the hallways, he made a quick scan for Gabriel but of course the coward was nowhere to be seen. That was alright, Dean would get to him later. The guy couldn't keep on hiding.
"I'm sorry, Dean, I'm just not that into going to a party right now."
Dean got out of the Impala and walked towards the school's entrance. The boy with the dark hair and the trenchcoat was already standing there, waiting for him.
For weeks he strolled through the hallways at school without really seeing where he was going or who was watching him, until he had found his private spot.
"Ow and you do?"
Hufflepuff:
"Rich." Misha turned around and looked at Sam. "I'm assuming that's why you're here, at least."
That got Cas's attention and immediately his questioning look was pointed towards Dean. "What? He talked to Sam?"
- Mick Davies
"How can I help you boys?" the witch from the cart interrupted their discussion.
(- Metatron Shurley)
Dean laughed at that, before signing back,
Dean was having the time of his life with the look on their faces and burst out in laughter. "So far for the smart kids, huh?"
The boy shot him a surprised look. "Right." He put out his hand. "My name is Castiel. Castiel Novak."
"Well, it's not. Trust me." He pulled a notebook out of his backpack and ripped out a sheet. "I'm leaving Sam a note on the counter telling him to give you a call in case he gets home before me. If not, I'll call you back, alright?"
Next chapter will (hopefully) be out February 15, just thought I'd give you guys a heads-up... Thanks for reading! :D
"Is Benny coming too?" Lisa asked and Charlie shook her head.
There weren't any plants on the porch, so of course he checked the doormat first. There was nothing underneath that though.
Gabriel walked towards the elevator while Castiel locked the apartment. By the time he joined his brother, Gabriel had gotten his jacket on and was patiently waiting for the elevator to arrive.
Castiel shook his head. "I honestly don't know, Dean. How do you expect me to understand these feelings if you haven't even identified them yet?"
free. This is your life, man. You gotta start living it."
"Not that I remember," Dean shrugged. "But then I barely remembered Misha." There was still a weird tone in his voice as he said the name. He just couldn't get used to it. "Anyway, I'm gonna get changed, so I guess you'll find out soon enough."
Anyway, no matter how unfortunate it was that Cas couldn't sit with them, at least his little brother finally would again, even if that included Lucifer, and Dean couldn't be happier about it.
Sam watched him with a confused frown. "What are you doing?"
Misha was back in the room at once, now definitely looking alarmed. "Jensen, what is it?"
Dean couldn't take it anymore. "I know, okay?" he snapped.
"I guess I did," Lucifer brutally grinned and Sam felt a blush spread around his cheeks immediately.
With that, the Shurley boy stepped into his car and left, leaving Dean in mere confusion.
"Sounds about right."
Once Sam had set off to find Kevin, Dean started his own search. As expected, he eventually spotted Cas with a group of his siblings at one of their lockers. Well, so far for having a conversation in person.
Dean gave a curt nod while Castiel walked back in, carrying two cups of coffee. He offered one to Sam, who took it with a half-smile. Then he looked at Dean, seemingly debating if the older Winchester could be trusted with a mug of hot liquid at the moment. Apparently he decided against it because he eventually sat down next to Sam and took a sip of the other cup himself.
"Really?" Bobby said, his eyes big with surprise. "Sam, is that true?"
Before he'd even properly processed what Gabriel had said, the archangel started talking again. "Oh hey, is Jensen in his trailer yet? At least I'm assuming you two love birds got here together," he said and even winked with it. And then he walked right on by. "Go get him for me, would ya? We're starting in half an hour!"
Dean nodded to himself and took off, to the bathroom. At least he wouldn't have to face Michael and his following today. This was already going to be stressful enough without yet another argument. He quickly forced any thoughts of stress aside. That was
For a couple of seconds they waited in silent anticipation. When nothing seemed to happen, they exchanged a look.
Dean smiled and John gave them both a severe look but with a glimpse of a grin on his lips.
And with that he got up and left Dean alone with his thoughts.
Sam just nodded in agreement. If they just could keep on giving these vague answers, maybe this could actually work.
"If you're gonna wait until they invite you, you're gonna have to wait a very long time," Lucifer laughed. "No, it's more of a 'fight your way in' kinda thing. You have to earn your place in a club like this, prove you're worth something."
Dean pulled up his eyebrows but decided to just go with it. "Okay..."
He found Balthazar, surprisingly, with Crowley and his friends, talking quietly to each other. They were too far off for him to able to hear what they were saying, so he tried to get a little closer. Just as he was almost within earshot, Crowley handed something to Balthazar and the Shurley walked away.
If Gabriel was trying to make him curious, then he had officially succeeded.
"Well, I didn't mean to disturb you but I couldn't help but find your ignorance amusing," the boy answered in a posh accent. Or maybe that was just because he'd just more directly insulted them than anyone Sam ever met.
"It isn't," Dean sighed. "He doesn't like it any more than I do but for God's sake, it's ridiculous that he has to to begin with. What kind of brother does that? Me and Michael had one fight,
"Okay, you are reading way too much into this," Dean stopped him. "Obviously I wasn't married to Cas last time either! This place is just different from last time, alright? Which means that instead of focusing on dead archangels, we should be trying to find a way out of here as fast as we can."
"Thank you, Mister President. Then I suggest we now continue with the Sorting Ceremony," he said before sitting down in his seat.
Sam smiled. "Yeah, he's great." Then he added, "And I'm sorry about what he said about Michael..."
"Shurley, Samandriel!"
For some reason, Sam found that hard to believe. Gabriel had put a shitload of effort into warning him about Lucifer and he still didn't understand why. It made him think that Gabriel might care a lot more than he liked to admit.
"So are you two from Kansas?" Dean asked and Castiel was grateful for his attempt to start conversation.
"Yeah," Dean said, forcing up one corner of his mouth. "I know."
He groaned inwardly and continued his story. "I did. I do, I guess. I became very... self-conscious. Tried to convince myself it was all in my head, which it clearly wasn't. From time to time there were these... situations when we would just look at each other and then..." Dean shrugged. He wasn't that great at talking about his feelings. "He just understood me, you know."
"You two in college?"
For a moment, Sam didn't know what to say to that. If he told the truth, Dean would probably say that he was crazy again, but he
Sam shrugged and gave his friend a smile. "I don't know. I really don't get out that often."
"What are you talking about?" Sam frowned.
"Dean Winchester, just the guy I was looking for," Balthazar said with a suspiciously friendly smile.
"..."
"Yeah well, you're not just a Shurley, Cas. You're... you. That's what's most important."
Dean was freaking out. Not just a silent, ignorable, possible to suppress freaking out, but seriously freaking out. His breathing was heavy, his heart was pounding and the world around him looked blurred. He barely heard Castiel calling out his name in protest while he dragged him towards one of the side entrances. Neither did he notice a teacher that passed them and yelled something, to which Castiel responded with a good excuse apparently, because she let them go.
he quickly replied.
Crowley sighed dramatically. "Let's just say it's an emergency of sorts."
The other boy smiled back at him. "And thank you for today. I needed a break."
"Follow your heart," Castiel told him with a serious look.
He shook his head. "Never mind."
- Dean Winchester
"Yeah, we uhm... took a little break..." Dean admitted.
Still slightly out of air, Sam gave a small shrug. "Just... checking, I guess..." he tried but he knew he'd fucked up again and immediately regretted his decision. He never should've brought it up, he couldn't believe he'd actually been so stupid. "I'm sorry, I just thought... Well, you never really told me..."
"She's fine," he responded shyly.
Dean already regretted his decision. Everybody knew Crowley had some underground business going. Dean didn't know what it exactly was Crowley did, but he was pretty sure it was illegal and he didn't really want to know either. "So what has that to do with me?"
"No, I didn't mean
"Then why would you help me?" Dean said with a frown.
Dean bit his bottom lip and took another pull. Maybe he shouldn't ask. There was a good chance Cas might get angry at him too. But it was Cas. He wasn't like Michael, he was... Cas. Understanding, helpful, kinda weird Cas. So before he could change his mind, he said, "Cas?"
"Ellen, this is Cas. Cas, Ellen's a family friend who also happens to have the best burgers and pie in town," Dean introduced them with a grin.
"It gets crazier than this?" Dean questioned.
"It's not the same thing."
"Do. You. Love. Me?" Sam stopped him, his vision becoming blurry. "Yes or no."
"This place seems nice," he commented and Castiel couldn't help but blush. 'Nice' was a very big complement for the building.
Sam knew the chances he would ever find his were incredibly small, but every time someone really caught his eye, he couldn't help but hope. Hope that maybe this would be the one. He would never say that out loud though. He knew all too well Dean was already convinced he would never find his soulmate. He was too rational to believe that that one person would just happen to pass by.
"Come on, Sammy, get out of the closet. And by that I mean the one of antisocial isolation, not the other one."
In another life, maybe Dean and Gabriel really would get along greatly.
want, and I want the truth, Lucifer. Do you love me?"
Michael frowned, seemingly deep in thought. "I've heard of it," he eventually said.
Although to be fair, it wasn't much of a response anyway.
he quickly sent to his little brother. He didn't really expect it to be a problem. Sam was probably even happy he could ride with Lucifer. Which of course annoyed the crap out of Dean.
"Dean," Castiel said and Gabriel was assuming he was talking to one of two pairs of approaching footsteps. "This is Gabriel, my brother." Then he told Gabriel, "This is Dean and his brother. Dean got lost on campus and I walked him here."
Sam nodded excitedly. "Okay! Thanks, Kevin."
"Looks like Castiel's the only decent person in that family then."
"Oh, that son of a bitch," Dean sighed. He'd known this was a bad idea... Well, not that Gabriel would personally ruin his car but still. "Listen, I tried to get out of it, okay? I really did but that jerkface didn't give me a chance to. I knew I shouldn't have interfered but the guy actually seemed to mean well and he sounded like he had something important to say. If I'd known what he was gonna do, I never would've let that piece of shit near you!" As he went to drop down on the couch, he grumbled something to himself along the lines of, "Can't believe I fell for that stupid trick..."
Lucifer gave him a small smile. "Nice meeting you, Kevin."
"Nothing, alright?" he snapped at Misha and then immediately regretted it. He sighed and started, "Look, I'm sorry, I-"
"What happened to you?" Bobby grumbled.
As soon as the door closed, Richard put a step closer to Sam and squinted his eyes. "Is something wrong?"
'This is Castiel and his older brother Gabriel.'
"Just wanted to say hi," Molly said. "You two are the President's, right?"
Dean looked at him. Then before he could help himself, his eyes dropped to Cas's lips for a moment. He hadn't considered how closely they were sitting until now. Without even realizing what he was doing, Dean leaned forward a little. Cas didn't react, didn't even so much as flinch. He just kept his eyes on Dean as if he were the only thing he could see.
"So let's just say, hypothetically, if I was attracted to dudes as well," he pulled a face while saying it, "then what? Would he have tried to break up me and Lisa?"
"Absolutely despise them," the boy grinned. Then he put out his hand. "Lucifer Shurley."
Their uncle Bobby was already sitting at their kitchen table with a beer in his hand. When their dad was on a business trip, Bobby took care of the boys. They weren't really related, but since Bobby and John had been best friends for years, Sam and Dean considered him to be like a second father to them.
Sam smiled a little while watching his brother join the other Gryffindors with that broad grin on his face. He was happy Dean got the House Sam knew he'd wanted. Now it was his turn.
"Winchester, Sam!"
"Alright then." She took one of the cakes. "Anything else?"
"You want something to drink?" Lucifer yelled.
Cas frowned at the bottle. "I'm not sure."
"Did you say it to him?"
Look, I'm alive! This took me way too long to write, I know, I'm sorry, I'll try to never do it again. In all fairness, life's been fifty shades of crazy the last month. I left for the US to go to college in Nebraska for a semester and it's been a total mess. On the bright side, at this exact moment I'm on my way back from the very last while-they're-filming-there SPN VanCon. It was without doubt one of the best weekends of my life. I've met a bunch of amazing people, the actors are just as sweet and funny as I always imagined them to be, and I love Rich even more right now, if that was possible. Screw cash, I'm going to JIB next year.
Sam saw the smoke even before he heard the sirens. He quickly nudged his brother, a ball of fear tightening in his stomach. It couldn't be...
"No," he answered in a voice that didn't sound as his own. "You just didn't tell me the whole truth."
Dean pulled up an eyebrow. "This friend isn't possibly female, are they?"
After the song had ended and they now all had an idea what the Hogwarts Houses were about, the lady opened a roll of parchment. "I'm Professor Hudson," she smiled at them. "Please sit on the stool and put on the Sorting Hat when I call your name. Bradbury, Charlie!"
"Why did you never tell me your dad left?"
"Baby, who the hell is Chuck Shurley?" Dean said, confused.
Sam entered the building with the built sets and immediately noticed they were completely different from last time. He could actually look into a pretty big one and...
Sam just hummed in agreement and focused on his salad for the rest of their lunch break.
They spent the rest of that weird evening mostly in quietude and let Misha do the talking. Or in other words, the man would ramble on about subjects they didn't understand a thing about and they would nod and make agreeing sounds as if they did. Luckily, Jensen Ackles's husband turned out to be quite the good cook, so the Winchesters had an excuse to focus their attention on the food.
"Uhm no, I'm actually just coming to pick up my brother," he confessed.
When it finally connected, he opened his mouth to tell his brother what he'd just realized, but he was interrupted.
Dean smiled at him in the rear-view mirror. "Just tell me if I need to take a turn."
Cas pulled him up a bit. "Can you maybe... try to swing your leg over..."
"Hi boys," Bobby greeted them. And then he threw Dean a beer as well.
It was as easy as that. Except that it wasn't easy, far from it really. He had a girlfriend. He was at a complete loss for his sexual orientation. And he certainly already had enough on his mind as it was.
Sam just raised an eyebrow.
(- Mycroft Holmes)
The younger Novak just rolled his eyes. Gabriel was in the last year of his Master in History at Kansas University. This dissertation was extremely important for his education but Gabriel had a habit of not caring about important things in general.
"Collins-Ackles?" Sam laughed.
and put his phone away. Meanwhile Lucifer led him down the stairs and they entered a room with a surprising amount of people for this time of the day.
When he was done, Castiel noticed Dean trying to tell his brother some sort of summary of what Gabriel had just said.
And Cas... Cas never should have gotten involved. Dean hadn't failed to notice the way the other Shurleys were watching him. Cas was going to get in a shit ton of trouble and it was all Dean's fault. He almost wished his friend had let him get his ass kicked by Lucifer. Yes, it would have been incredibly stupid but at least Dean would have gotten his point across and Michael wouldn't have been onto Cas.
He soon sat down against one of the back walls, where it was most quiet, and let his mind wander. Why did everything have to be so complicated for him? Sometimes he wished he was more like Dean, he- Okay, admittedly Dean had had plenty of his own problems lately but they still didn't seem as bad as Sam's. But maybe that wasn't a fair comparison.
The older boy hummed and went to stand right in front of him, their chests only a few inches apart. "Am I in it?"
"Hi," Dean replied. "Thanks for coming."
He quickly glanced around for a teacher who'd maybe see the inappropriate behavior going on, but he couldn't find any. He was just about to divert his eyes and ignore the whole damn thing, when the Trickster suddenly looked up and his gaze met Sam's. His eyes were so golden it surprised the Winchester boy and he seemed unable to look away. He told himself he was just refusing to let the Trickster embarrass him one time too many, but honestly he didn't know if he could've turned away even if he wouldn't have been. It was only then that it hit him he'd been staring at them quite obviously and the realization made a blush appear on his face. To his own despair the older boy noticed and gave him an arrogant smirk in return before putting his trademark red sucker in his mouth and licking it quite... suggestively. Sam immediately felt the heat spread across his cheeks even more and glared at the guy like he never had before. The Trickster just wiggled his eyebrows at him and then he looked away.
"That was nice."
"I know, I know," he said putting up his hands in surrender. "I know you need time and I get it and I'm not gonna push you, but... I just think this might actually do you some good, okay? You don't need to give me an answer now but would you at least consider it? Please?"
The youngest member of their family looked satisfied with that but when Michael looked back up, he noticed Gabriel watching him curiously from the corner of his eye. He should've known. Very few things ever escaped Gabriel's attention.
"Yeah, I pretended till I heard him leave the house," Dean sighed, dropping down on a chair. There had been only so much not-Cas he could take this early. "Did he happen to mention where we're supposed to go?"
"I think you're underestimating how brave Charlie can be," Hot Guy argued.
"Good morning, Dean," he said in a low rumble as his eyes fluttered shut again.
"Yes, what did you think I wanted, your soul?" Crowley said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "You won't get it that easily."
The Great Hall burst out into applause and Chuck Shurley made his way towards the Head Table. "Thank you!" he said as soon as the students calmed down again. "Thank you, Professor Holmes, for that very warm welcome. Oh and please, just call me Chuck," he added with a broad smile on his face. "I couldn't have expressed better myself how happy we are with the collaboration between our two countries. I know we don't always agree on everything but I'm convinced our students can learn a lot from each other and I look forward to the results of this project. This is the first time in history something like this has been done and that's why I wanted to come over myself and officially accompany these children on such an exciting journey. I'm very proud of the young wizards and witches standing here in front of me, and of our students in general."
"Dean, are you sure everything's alright?" Michael sighed. "You've been acting weird... well, all day actually."
"Oh, hell no," Crowley said and Dean shot daggers at him. Had the guy really just ruined his one chance of getting in?
His boyfriend sighed and got off of the bed before looking back at him. "Sam, I know this isn't you. What happened?"
"Yeah, about that," Sam commented. "When were you gonna tell me you've been talking to him about me?"
"What are you smiling about? I'm still pissed at you," he announced, taking another pull from his beer.
"You say that like you're not one of them," Dean grinned, and his smile only broadened when Cas's cheeks flushed and he looked down at his lap.
"You really didn't know," Dean noted. He'd refused to believe Cas did but it was crazy how well Gabriel had managed to keep this a secret from his family for so long.
- Sam Winchester
"Gabriel told me not even he got over what happened," he recalled.
"I love you."
"Oh come on, Dean, it was a joke," Sam said, seeming confused.
As soon as he noticed the hurt expression in Sammy's eyes, he regretted his outburst already. "I'm sorry, I didn't meant to-"
"Smooth?" Michael offered.
"He tried," Dean grumbled. "Hell, for a moment I even thought he actually succeeded."
And suddenly it hit him. The pranks had stopped. The entire day had gone by without as much as one suspicious incident.
didn't even really bother him. Dean had been right, the height difference was kinda ironic, but at the same time Sam found something quite enjoyable about it.
Sam knew he shouldn't. But if tonight was gonna be something special... It was only half a day after all... He let out a sigh and made up his mind. "Okay."
"Why don't you just answer the question?" he nearly begged, tears starting to well up in his eyes.
By now Sam finally seemed to have found his common sense again. If it had all been true, if this kid really was able to tell so much about a person after what couldn't be more than fifteen minutes, Sam was pretty sure he'd just met the most brilliant mind the world had ever seen. "Who the hell are you?"
"Yes, of course I've heard of him, who hasn't?"
Lucifer?" Oh, did he know that name. This was gonna be so much fun.
"Lucifer."
Yeah, that wasn't going to happen.
"Well, I was just wondering..." his brother continued, poking in his salad. "Some friends of mine were planning on hanging out after school a little and they asked me to join them..."
"No, it doesn't," Sam answered without turning his eyes away from Charlie. "It takes requests into account."
That's why he'd wanted to tell the other boy about the note he got from Balthazar. Unfortunately, he eventually had to decide against it. The words had been very clear and Dean had to admit he'd feel bad about betraying that trust, even if it was Balthazar's.
Dean mouthed to his brother.
As soon as he was back on his feet, Lucifer grumbled a short, "I'm fine." His eyes traveled around the hallway, just like Sam's had before. Then he added, "I'm going to kill him though."
"You don't even know him."
"How does he feel about all of this?" Charlie stepped in. "Can't be easy having to lie to Michael and the others all the time."
"I'll try but you know I can't promise anything," Gabriel sighed.
He smiled, 'cause what else could he do with Lucifer around? "I love it."
Suddenly Dean wondered how much food Chuck Shurley would need to feed all his children. He guessed it took more than just this bag. "Is that even enough?" he laughed.
He immediately noticed Kevin and Charlie at their usual spot and felt relieved. As he walked up to them, Charlie noticed him, and to his surprise she came up to him and hugged him tightly. Sam didn't know what Kevin had told her but apparently she knew enough. He was just about to thank her when he automatically checked for Dean... and didn't see him at his side.
Just as he was about to give up and go home, he recognized a familiar figure coming out of a bakery.
A little bit taken by surprise Dean replied, "Uhm... Yeah sure, man. I mean, I still have to check in with my dad, but that'd actually would be great, thanks."
The Winchester blushed immediately. "Oh no, I can't just skip school. I've got classes and..."
him. What was he supposed to do with that?
He glared at his boyfriend. "It's important."
Chewing his bottom lip, Dean thought about a way to answer that that he wasn't going to regret. "Look, you're right, okay?" he eventually acknowledged. "I don't know Lucifer. But what I've heard about him - and not just from Michael - isn't pretty. So," he sighed, "you can't blame me for doing everything in my power to warn you about him. And if you still like him after that, then that's fine by me. I can't tell you how to live your life. But just be careful, okay?"
"Uh," Dean said smartly. "Sorry, Ga- Richard. We could... go now?"
Sam thought about it for a second. Dean had told him he couldn't go, but he was hardly their dad. Not that Sam thought his father would approve. Or even Bobby for that matter. But on the other hand there really wasn't anything Dean could do to stop him...
And then he saw it. The same house he'd visited at least twice a week for over a year now. The house that had welcomed him like a son. The house he'd gotten to know as well as his own.
"Michael, I'm not saying he was right, I'm saying you could've handled it better too."
"Wait, just... move to the right a bit..."
"Sixth," he answered. "You?"
She waved his comment away immediately. "Don't worry about it. It doesn't matter, he would never notice me anyway. He isn't even in Hufflepuff."
"You totally are." He gave Sam a devilish smile. "You're my little bitch, in every sense of the term."
How the hell was he supposed to answer that? "Well, if you ever do, I'll come right with you just to kick his ass."
Dean pulled up his eyebrows. "That's it? That's the hat that's gonna sort us?"
Richard looked at him like he'd gone crazy and spread his arms. "Well, what are you waiting for?!"
Sam looked at him in shock, unable to come up with a reply. The only thing he felt was the sting of Azazel's words and the tears welling up in his eyes. He was just about to turn and run away when Azazel let out a panicked scream. For about a second he had no idea what was going on but then he looked down. And saw Azazel's shoe was on fire. Sam quickly gazed around, looking for what could have caused this. His eyes landed on the Trickster, who was staring straight at him.
He guessed Castiel was just... really something special. And he swore to himself he'd be damned if he let go of that.
"And Sammy of course, Jess, Charlie, Benny, Kevin..." he teased and she punched his arm playfully.
"Are you a psychic or something?" Kevin asked. He was having a hard time believing the stranger had figured that all out by himself.
"Good."
Dean remained quiet for a couple of seconds, letting the words sink in. When he finally answered, he knew it was the truth. "No. I probably wouldn't. If he wanted to leave, I'd let him. Maybe even blame him for it. But Sammy is my little brother and I could never bare to shut him out. Let alone kick him out myself. No matter what Dad would've said, Sam would always be welcome to me. Always. 'Cause that's what you do for family." He took a deep breath. "But hey, it's not too late to make things right, is it?"
"He ended up picking me," Lucifer sighed.
Gabriel just looked at him for a second, then dropped his head in despair and rolled his eyes. "I swear, it's like talking to a brick wall." He walked around Sam and went to sit on the corner of one of the desks. "Look, I know this is hard to hear and you don't like me and that's fine. Don't even have to trust me. But if there's even a tiny piece of you that has doubts or questions, you deserve the answers to them. And for the record, I do hope I'm wrong. I don't want to hurt you, Sam, I'm trying to help you here. Deep underneath his temper tantrums, Lucifer's a good person and I even really believe he cares about you. But something tells me you give him more than he's willing to offer. You wanna know how I know that?"
Kevin asked. Sam could make out some noise in the background and even thought he recognized Mrs. Tran's voice.
"Alright kids," Professor Singer started. "I know it's late and you're hungry, so I promise after we go in and you're sorted into your Houses, you can all go stuff your faces. But some people gotta give some speeches first so hold it until they're finished, would ya?"
"Well, yeah but..."
"And here I thought marrying fake Cas was bad," Dean snickered. "I mean, come on man, Gabriel?
"Hey," he greeted. "Thanks for meeting me here, man. I appreciate it."
Kevin looked from one Winchester to another, like he wondered if he was missing something. "Uhm... Yeah no, I don't think so. You know she loves having you over."
"Okay, Sammy, what's going on?" Lucifer asked with a frown. "You've been distracted all day. Did something happen?"
He inwardly did a little victory dance and typed back,
When Sam only sighed in response, Lucifer let go of him and grabbed his phone.
"Yeah," Sam said, shaking his head. He still could hardly believe it. "Whoever made this must be incredibly handy."
"What's going on, we're leaving?" Lisa asked.
"Maybe he followed them. That would be weird."
printed on it.
Chuck adopted you?"
As he talked, Dean could imagine Jensen and Jared on a stage, talking to the fans, joking around with people like Misha, Richard and that Rob guy. He wished his life were that easy.
"Oh for Merlin's beard!" John exclaimed. "How many times do I have to tell you? Ketch is a sociopath, you're not supposed to date sociopaths!"
Michael smiled back at him and asked, "Okay, so what have you got?"
He took his phone from his pocket and started typing.
"I don't know but how did he even know you were there?"
"We'll figure it out, alright?" Sam said. "We always do."
The problem was that he had let people in, and none of it had worked out... Jess had been amazing. She was deaf too and they really hit it off from the start. For a long time Sam had actually thought she'd be the one. They had dated for months and were happy together and yet it apparently wasn't meant to be. They were so in love but also very young. It just hadn't been enough to make it work and eventually they went their separate ways, hoping that someone would come into their lives who they did have that magical connection with. Sam had to admit them splitting up seemed silly now. He still missed her sometimes.
Dean's eyebrows shot up in surprise. "You serious?"
"Likewise. I'm Ellen, Jo's mom. I've heard a lot about you."
Sam gave his brother an incredulous glare, but was ignored completely. So he decided to give his brother a taste of his own medicine. "Yes, it is," he said in a confident voice and shrugged. "We became friends after Dean made his older brother Michael his new bestie."
"It's not what you think," he quickly said, which wasn't a total lie. He crossed the street and went to sit on a brick wall around a pond (or whatever the pool of water was supposed to be).
He turned to Cas to see his reaction. Like most of the time, his friend was slightly squinting as he observed their surroundings, but there was the start of a smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
"Oh," Sam said, surprise clear in his voice. "Yeah well... We just thought we'd wait a little longer you know, see how things work out before we get serious."
"Alright," he said. "You go find that trailer of yours again. We need a place to do research. I'll go in to check if the spot from last time's still there and see if there's anything else to find out."
Gabriel and Castiel Novak came from a very big family. A very, very big family. Their adoptive father was absent most of the time so the kids had had to look out for themselves as well as each other. The problem was that in such a big family, with so many different personalities and without any form of authority, chaos quickly took over. Their siblings were always arguing with each other over the smallest of things. You'd think that without their five senses it would be harder for them to fight but it wasn't. On the contrary, it was an ideal situation to form alliances behind the other's backs and take advantage of each other's disabilities. Every so often things would get out of hand and someone got hurt, never severely but still. It had gotten even worse over the years and Castiel had been absolutely sick of it. He loved his siblings and seeing them fighting each other constantly like that was the most painful thing he'd ever felt.
He suppressed a sigh and realized he'd probably have to fix this by himself. He looked the tile over again and let his finger slide over the letters. It was only when he touched the lower semi-circle of the ampersand that he noticed. It was loose. Sam pulled his fingers away in surprise and a frown formed on his face when he took a step closer to it to investigate it further. He carefully touched the circle-like part again and discovered the slight edge that separated it from the rest of the tile. It moved a bit without issue, so Sam tried to pull it. It came out perfectly smoothly, and sure enough it turned out to serve as the bow of a key.
- Adam Winchester
"Who knows, maybe we'll run into them again."
Sam smiled. "He's something special, isn't he?"
"Where the hell are my keys?!"
"No idea," Sam admitted. "I really have no idea."
Sam decided it would probably be better to not ask what exactly Misha was talking about. He was afraid he'd find out sooner or later anyway.
"And you love it," he said with a suggestive smile, bending forward until their faces were only inches away.
Someone was out there for him. He had to believe that. It wasn't that Sam really minded being deaf, he had been all his life and he was used to it. A soulmate's purpose wasn't to fix your shortcomings, it was love. That's the only thing Sam wanted, someone he could connect with. Sure, he'd had relationships before but none of them had... clicked. He just wanted to know what it would feel like to click. What was the point of life if you knew there was someone out there who could do that for you, but you were never able to find them?
Dean nodded. "Sure." And then he decided he was just gonna ask. "So what happened with the meeting Lucifer plan?"
From the moment Sam laid eyes on Lucifer, he fastened his pace, a grin already starting to form around his lips. Now that Dean had actually given him the green light, he suddenly couldn't wait for his friends and family to get to know Lucifer.
"Oh, really?" Dean said. "That's not what I saw this morning in the hallway."
When he got home, Sam asked him about the park but he was too confused to answer. Michael liked him, he actually
Damn.
Gabriel's text said.
"Maybe I should go home," Castiel said in a calm voice. "I'll let you two talk."
Sam stood up, in his head making a list of all the possibilities. All his fellow sophomores were way to serious, so he doubted if it was one of them, and Michael wasn't the type either. He did however have a perfect first candidate.
"Yeah, no kidding," he grumbled. He'd completely run out of ideas himself, so he prayed Cas would come up with something. And if the guy needed time to get there, Dean would be more than happy to give it to him.
Dean just shook his head. "Seriously though, why would anyone wanna watch a show about two miserable brothers?"
"I wouldn't have thought you'd remember," Cas told him, still with that excited look on his face.
- Michael Shurley
"What do you suggest?" he asked reluctantly.
The Hogwarts Houses
"And you're picking me? How cute," she said, smiling.
He shouldn't be thinking about it that much. That's what Dean would say. Heck, that's probably what every clear-minded person would say. His parents had just been lucky. Why would he be so lucky? It was a big world and the odds weren't exactly in his favor.
As soon as they got out of the library Sam had trouble suppressing a laugh.
Eventually Castiel had sighed and said,
How could they possibly have forgotten about that?
Castiel nodded comprehensively but remained silent.
"Wait," he said, suddenly remembering something. "At the party you told me you'd heard him talk about me with one of your other brothers."
*WARNING* Almost-smut up ahead! (in the third part of the chapter, if anyone'd like to know)
Dean sighed. "Because."
(- Chuck Shurley)
To his surprise, he didn't even have to push the other boy into answering, even though texting in class was "bad" or whatever.
"You-" Lucifer kissed him. "- lo-" Another kiss. "- love-" He had to take a breath. "- me, right?"
There were others too. But things hadn't worked out with Sarah either, Amy and him were just kids, Ruby had been a dreadful mistake and Madison... If Sam didn't known any better, he'd say he was cursed, desperately trying to find something he couldn't have.
Wherever he was, he answered Sam's text after a couple of minutes.
Luckily for him, Cas still had a good grip on his shoulder and managed to kinda sorta hold him upright when he landed on the floor.
He arrived at the garage and greeted his co-workers Bobby and Ash, before going to put his stuff away. He got out the salad Sam had made him, although it should have been his lunch. It didn't matter. He was hungry now and it wasn't like he'd taste the difference anyway.
"Maybe..." he wondered aloud. But it didn't make any sense. Why now, it had been weeks since he and Michael fought. And he didn't even know who this Trickster was. He'd never been able to figure out which one of the Shurley kids had been playing his brother.
"Of course he's told me he-" And then he stopped, and he couldn't help but play back all of the conversations they'd had.
Castiel looked at him in surprise. "Hello, Dean."
"How is that different?" Sam huffed.
Sam knew Dean well enough to realize how this conversation would go long before he stepped through the front door. The way his brother's eyebrows slightly furrowed and his mouth turned into a harsh, straight line only confirmed it. Sam couldn't blame him. He knew he looked like a mess. He felt like a mess too. He could tell there were bags underneath his eyes due to lack of sleep without even having to look into a mirror. All of the crying he'd done probably had an impact on that as well.
He gave her a loving smile as a reply. He didn't know what he'd do without her. Probably crash and burn. "Thanks, Jess."
Castiel shrugged and Dean thought he could actually see a slight blush forming on his cheeks. "Doesn't matter, it's not that interesting."
"I know," Michael said. "I'm really sorry, Dean."
Gabriel shrugged. "Like I said, I know Lucifer. I can help you convince him."
"Hey, I didn't catch your name yet," he suddenly realized.
"Everyone of us had heard what was going on," Michael said, a deep frown on his forehead. "Dad had made his decision. And then he called me."
The older boy looked down on him and smiled. "Something amusing to you, Sammy?"
Dean frowned, thinking back at everything that had happened last night. Could Lucifer be the same guy Sam had gone out with? "So our brothers are best friends now. That's... weird."
This was the guy who had been playing pranks on him? He didn't even know his name! What could he have possibly done to draw this boy's attention?
"Oh my gosh, it must be them!" Lisa whispered in a loud voice.
They kept on talking like that for hours, John ordered them pizza and they spent the rest of the evening chatting about school, their girlfriends and the places John had visited for work this time.
It was 6 a.m. when Dean slipped out of the bed. He quickly got dressed, trying not to wake the girl. Then he got two small pillboxes from his pocket, opening them carefully. Both of them contained little white crystals. He licked his finger, put it in one of the boxes and licked it again. He repeated the ritual with the second box. Nothing. A shame, really.
Ellen soon brought them their food and they dove in. Cas was especially digging his burger. (Actually, his exact words were, "These make me very happy.") And at the end of their meal, Dean had to admit he did end up finishing Cas's pie too. They got the check and said their goodbyes to Ellen before they left for the Winchesters' place. Since Cas didn't know that much about pop culture, Dean got to choose the movie and he went with
"You mean like you and Michael?"
Sam laughed at that, but then he got serious again. "Could we maybe keep it between us though?" he carefully asked. "For now, I mean. It's just that I'd like to tell my friends and family myself and right now..."
Dean shrugged and started walking to his first class. "He'll be okay."
?" Lisa gasped out.
"You lied to me!" he yelled, jumping to his feet.
He burst out into laughter when he heard the lyrics. Unable to contain himself, he actually had to lean against the lockers to regain his balance. He laughed so hard his stomach hurt and by the time he got a hold of himself, the song had ended. Lucifer just watched him with a satisfied smile on his face.
want to know."
"What kind of club was it?"
Sam dropped his backpack next to the front door and sat down on the black leather couch.
He offered his brother a comforting smile. "Yes, of course."
He immediately blushed at that and felt a strange feeling in his stomach. So he quickly changed the subject. "What about you?"
he thought to himself.
"Thanks," he answered with a smile that felt very unnatural.
"Yeah, my brother is into this kinda stuff," he said, still wondering how the guy had possibly gotten his hands on a car like this. "He'd love this."
Lucifer shrugged with an arrogant smile on his face. "What does it look like I'm doing?"
"So?" Dean tried again. "How do you do it?"
"So..." Dean tried to continue the conversation. "You were saying?"
Sam looked at him in confusion. "But how am I even..."
"Oh no..." Cas mumbled as he looked at his watch.
"You coming?" Dean asked hopefully.
"See you!" he called with a little wave as she walked away. His brother was lucky with a girlfriend like Lisa.
Right now, he was gonna look for Cas, which wasn't too hard seeing the Shurleys had also claimed their usual spots. Not that Dean was as stupid to actually try and approach them but he did want to see Cas's reaction to his texts.
Not only was Castiel relieved to have found a potential friend, he was also very grateful someone could be looking out for Samandriel, even if it was a fellow Ilvermorny student. He knew his brother kept by himself most of the time and at least he already seemed to know this Adam boy a bit. The smile on Samandriel's face told Castiel he was just as happy to not have to face his first day all alone.
"And that isn't stupid?" Sam said with a mocking laugh.
Something resembling compassion appeared in Gabriel's eyes. "You're right. I don't," he admitted. "So let me ask you. Has Lucifer ever told you he's in love with you?"
Lucifer tilted his head a bit and he couldn't help but notice it made his features look softer, more innocent in a way.
Well, that would be one hell of bummer if they were discovered now. Dean thought for a second and got an idea. He just didn't know if it was a good one.
They spend a couple of seconds in silence before Michael asked, "So since I've barely talked to you this week, how are you? And how about Sam? You two made up already?"
Of course he remembered their conversation from yesterday, but he completely understood why Dean didn't want Michael to know about him and Cas. At the same time, he felt a little bad though, since he had told Gabriel he would keep him posted. And sure, the guy had said that he wasn't on either side in the Lucifer/Michael debate, but there was still no way Sam completely trusted him, even if he was trying to make up for what he had done by giving Dean money. Too much had happened for that. But then again, if Gabriel really was sorry, maybe Sam should give him a chance to prove himself.
"We'd love that," he told Molly, giving her a genuine smile.
"'righty."
. Sam was pretty sure you didn't just kiss your friends. Not like that.
"She's a great teacher, you got to give her that," Balthazar said.
"Fine, whatever." Sam didn't even know why he had thought Dean could ever forgive anyone who did as much as touch his car. Not that it mattered. "Anyway, what did you need to talk about?"
She came to a stop immediately and the shock in her dark eyes made him almost take it back. Why did it have to be this hard? He didn't want to hurt her.
"Hey," he started. "How about you stay here for the night? Sam's not home-" Dean didn't like that fact at all but he guessed he was gonna have to get used to it. He just hoped his brother and Lucifer weren't sleeping in the same bed yet. "- so there's an empty bed anyway. And you can borrow some of my stuff."
"Knowing you?" he retorted with a satisfied grin. "Of course not."
"Yeah, no kidding..." Dean grumbled. "That Chuck Shurley dude messed up big time if you ask me. No wonder Dad warned us about him."
Cas smiled at him. "I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from a toilet stall."
"Well, if you put it like that..." Lucifer sighed in mocking voice. Then he shrugged again. "I just thought we needed a song, you know."
"Well yeah, but I mean..." Dean sighed. "Parties, Cas. Booze, doing dumb shit, making mistakes. That's what being a teenager is for after all."
Lucifer crossed his arms. "What?"
"That I told him to give you?" the other boy finished for him.
"Who?" Dean asked with a frown on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Misha laughed a little. "You think you can still make it to Jared's?"
Sam shrugged. "Well yeah, but I thought you would still be angry about last night."
Confusion all over his face, Michael frowned. "What do you mean?"
he started.
"So," he eventually managed to get out. "What do you wanna do after we get out of here?"
His thoughts were interrupted by the door of the compartment opening and Charlie and Kevin walking through.
When Dean didn't reply and the boy didn't seem like he had anything to add, Dean insisted, "Alright, four of your brothers are in my class. Which one?"
He didn't know why he cared. He probably shouldn't. Surely, he was just being curious, that's all.
And Dean honestly felt kinda sorry for him. "Michael," he started. "You're not gonna like to hear this but..."
He wanted to answer, he really did, wanted to get it all out of the way and break down a final time, but the words didn't come out of his mouth. Where was he even supposed to start? He was still having problems processing what had happened himself.
"Then who?" Charlie asked before stepping in front of him, blocking his way. Yep, she really wasn't gonna let go of this.
And so they danced. After a while Sam got them drinks, a beer for Jessica and a water for himself, not just because he wasn't that into alcohol, but also just in case Dean took it a little too far and Sam had to drive them home.
Unfortunately Molly didn't fall for it. "Which is a nice way of saying he knows of your existence but you haven't exchanged two words."
Lucifer raised an eyebrow. "Says who?"
As Gabriel walked in, he shrugged. "How hot they were."
Lucifer gave him that seemingly innocent smile of his. "Just taking advantage of the situation."
Which Lucifer of course noticed. "What is it, Sammy?"
"Sam went to a
Sam looked up at his boyfriend, who was casually leaning back on the couch and watching him with an amused look in his eyes. Sam only glared at him, annoyed at the sudden loss of Lucifer's body against his own.
"It's not your fault," Dean sighed.
"Okay, so the first thing you need to know is that my siblings and I, we're obviously not related. We're all adopted," Michael started.
Jo was a Thunderbird as well but she was the same age as Adam and the two of them had been really close friends for a long time now. Oh, and she also used to have a crush on Dean.
"Alright, coming right up," Ellen smiled before leaving the two boys by themselves.
Of course Lucifer didn't have that problem. The boy went to stand in front of him, shook his head playfully and closed the space between them. "Sam Winchester, I'm gonna do anything I want with you." And with that he grabbed Sam by the collar and pulled him in.
"Thanks, C- Misha," Sam nodded and offered a genuine smile. He was glad Dean and him wouldn't be separated over the night.
"Yeah."
"Again, you barely talked to him."
They got home, Dean got him to their room and into his bed, going down afterwards to talk to their dad. Sam just lay down in his bed. Waiting. Waiting for this nightmare to be over.
His boyfriend smiled at him mischievously. "Never."
Dean grinned despite himself. He couldn't tell if Cas really wasn't a morning person or if it was just part of his usual neutralness. "Morning, Cas."
"Hey, Sammy," Dean grinned.
Sam typed back.
"Whoat?" Sam peeped. "Nonono it was water Dean I ssswear..."
Charlie bumped his shoulder. "That's more like it."
For a moment Castiel's eyes wandered to his brother, then he just looked back at the game. "He wanted to come. I don't know why though, he's been edgy for weeks."
- Kevin Tran
"Oh, alright," Lucifer said before throwing him that "innocent" smile of his. "We'll call it a rain check." Sam had a feeling he knew all too well what Lucifer meant by "rain check".
Everybody had told him the pain and hurt would fade away but so far they hadn't. But Sam had found another way to deal with his feelings.
Dean took a deep breath and took a moment to lose himself in those deep blue eyes. He had never seen eyes as blue as Cas's before.
"You never know," Michael shrugged. "I know my brother pretty well. Maybe we can come up with something together."
"Uhm..." Okay, Dean was definitely panicking again. He knew he had to say something, but he had no idea what. Yes, he had liked their kiss too. Yes, he thought he wanted to do it more often. But how was he supposed to make that clear? "I uhm..."
Dean looked at him with a little smile and softly nodded. "I know."
Michael smiled at him. "Yeah, I can see that, you being practical."
He just had to get out there, meet people. At one point, he'd find them. He had to believe that.
"I do have to take Sammy home first," he added.
"Deal."
"I guess it always has been?" Sam just said, not knowing what else to add.
The Winchester boy looked up in surprise. "Sorry... what?"
They wandered through the hallways, accidents happening all around them, even more than before. Sam smiled.
The ball hit Castiel's head and he looked up at the napkin, almost shocked. A frown appeared on his face and he tilted his head in confusion. This was odd. He'd seen situations like this happen but they never happened to
"Alright, who's ready for a party?" Dean yelled with a wide grin from his seat.
"Yeah!" Oh god, and now he was blushing. "That. Uhm so, I just thought we should probably talk about what that... meant and stuff."
"Not really," Dean was quick to reassure him. "Cas helped me. A lot."
He practically ran into the school building, eager to find the one person he knew would light up his mood immediately. He found Lucifer at his locker, already patiently waiting for him. The sight of the older boy alone was enough to make him smile.
Dean laughed at that. If one of them had a reputation, it sure as hell wasn't him.
"Did something happen?" Jo continued.
And then he crossed town towards Arch Alley.
Still on ground level, the boy looked up at him and smiled. "Hello, Dean." Then he grabbed a garbage can, placed it on top of the toilet and started climbing the seemingly quite unreliable construction, so that he ended up slightly looking down on Dean, his head pressed against the ceiling.
"How long have I known you now?"
"But you know we're all adopted."
What did he know about Lucifer Shurley? He was the second oldest one of the Shurleys. His father, Chuck Shurley, kicked him out of his house and nobody in his family wanted anything to do with him anymore. In general nobody seemed to like him, except for Dean's brother of course... Crowley had even asked him to get Michael to keep him under control, because he was threatening his "business".
Since Sam was with Lucifer
No, things weren't just magically going to be alright. If Dean wanted this mess to work out, he would have to make it work out.
"You mean 'The French Mistake'?" Misha said, looking very confused now.
"And then Lucifer left," Dean completed the story and Cas nodded.
"Hey, I'm just saying, out of all the guys you could've picked..."
Dean was just about to ask what the hell he meant by that when Crowley pointed right down the street. He frowned. "The Cage is on Cross Road?"
Sam sighed and pushed every thought of Lucifer from his mind as he sat down with his friends. As he did so, he happened to see Balthazar walk by, to a table with a couple of other Shurleys. One of them was Gabriel, hanging in his chair while he munched on a candy bar and clearly not interested in whatever his siblings were saying.
"I noticed," Dean stated and when Cas didn't take the hint, he continued, "What are you studying?"
"Nope."
"Yeah, whatever. So," Bobby continued, "what were you two idjits fightin' about?"
"Pretty obvious, don't you think?" Sam answered. "Looks like Jensen Ackles is married. Or at least got a steady relationship."
Dean ran his hands through his hair while pacing back and fro. He had to fix this. Take care of the giant mess he had made now and forever. "Cas, you have to help me," he begged in despair. "I've ruined everything, please help me put it right!"
Dean thought while taking another bite of his pie. For a moment he allowed himself to imagine what a relationship with Michael would be like. Walking through the hallways at school together, having picnics in the park, they'd already done those things, but now Dean thought of them without all his other friends being there. Well, perhaps their brothers could join them, Sammy of course, Balthazar, Castiel, the tree guy whose name he'd already forgotten, maybe even Zachariah. He would like that actually. They were both way too serious for chick-flick moments, but occasionally they could do these little couply things like holding hands or giving a quick kiss. And of course the sex would be...
"Not that close to him either?" Dean joked and Castiel smiled shyly at him again.
he texted Kevin.
"Winchester," he shrugged. "Why?"
"Cas, this isn't some freaking Shakespeare tragedy!"
"Oh, that's hilarious," Michael told Crowley. "The Cage is right down the street we live in? Yeah, right."
"Alright," Bobby sighed again, grabbed a beer and sat down at the kitchen table. "Now you boys better get to your room. It's late enough as it is."
So, trying to return to a more casual conversation, Sam answered,
"Okay, first of all," Mick retorted, "he's not a sociopath and you know it. And secondly, he loves me and I love him."
"Yes. Michael may have a stick up his arse, but he's right about Lucifer. I know my brother, the only reason he's interested in Sam is because Michael used to be in you. So..." The shorter guy spread his arms. "I'll help you."
Proof that just because I don't update in a whole year, doesn't mean that I'm not continuing it.
"I don't have feelings for Michael!" Dean yelled, spreading his arms. "Jesus."
"It was created for a cat," Sam laughed again.
"You sure this'll work without either of us breaking a limb?" Dean wondered aloud.
Michael gave him a glare. "You don't know my brother, Dean. I'll see you later."
"Sure man, no problem," he grinned.
Comment your House! (because now I'm curious) (Oh also, if anyone's interested, I'm Gryffindor and Thunderbird and I'm damn proud of it :D)
Michael smiled sadly. "Lucifer and me, we were crazy about him. Adored him. And he liked us too."
He mumbled to himself to get over it and knocked before he could change his mind. He opened the door and saw his brother lying on the bed, basically what he was always doing the last couple of days. He didn't even look up when Dean entered.
Sam gave him a half smile and wondered sadly when along all of this, Dean had started losing that arrogant confidence of his. "For what it's worth," he said, "he's lucky to have you."
Dean let out a curse and ran a hand through his short light brown hair. "Sammy, listen, it's not what you think..."
He let out a snorting sound.
"There you go." Ellen put down their drinks in front of them. "And your burgers should be ready soon too."
"Wait,
"Who says I want something?"
"So what, five children a year, four grades, that's twenty children?" Sam exclaimed. "That's insane."
"Yeah, it is," Sam agreed, just as they got home.
"Shut up, Gabriel," Castiel growled at him before turning back to Dean. "Listen, I can't tell you how to feel or act but I need you to know two things. First of all, Michael is still your friend, nothing more. Secondly, don't hurt him. He's been through enough. We all have."
Misha laughed as if he'd thought the same thing before smiling at Dean in a way that made Sam feel like he was third-wheeling the entire kitchen. "You know I love you," Misha said, his fingers gently caressing Dean's shoulder and trailing down his arm. "But let's face it, you have been acting crazy this entire evening." And then he did
"I thought," Lucifer explained, "that maybe we could leave a little early today. Gives us some more time to hang out before tonight."
Lucifer got out his phone and a pair of earbuds. He plugged them in, then handed Sam one while he did something on the phone. Sam took it with a frown and put it in his ear. He was just about to ask what was going on when music started playing, confusing him even more. He didn't know the song and didn't have a clue why Lucifer would make him listen to it.
"I'm sure he will be," Michael said, squeezing his shoulder reassuringly and making Dean slightly tense up.
When they got to the Roadhouse, they were greeted by a smiling Ellen.
"Really?" Lucifer feigned surprise and looked at his locker in shock. "Oh my god, what are the odds? You think I'm psychic?"
When Dean got back to his empty house, he immediately went for the fridge and grabbed a beer. After taking a good pull, he walked back to the living room and dropped down on the couch, putting his feet up on the armrest. He was exhausted. Who would've thought his conversation with Michael would end up where it had? Dean sure as hell hadn't, and he guessed neither did Michael. Everything had gone so well and then... But it was over now. And so was their friendship. He couldn't believe that after all the drama and suppressed romantic feelings, after Dean basically turning Michael down and them still being on good terms despite all of that, they'd fought about their dads. Their dads. It was ridiculous.
Sam replied with an incredulous look. "I don't know about you but I have homework, you know."
"What about the other students?" Gabriel continued. "Anything worth mentioning."
"You gotta eat lunch though," he called when Sam stepped out. "Might as well do so at our regular table."
Castiel smiled at him. "I used to think so. But now I'm starting to believe I was wrong."
It was so right and all wrong at the same time. Even though they were completely different, the guy in front of him reminded him too much of his best friend. His best friend that was still in his own universe.
- Michael Shurley
Castiel let out an exasperated sigh. Why didn't it him surprise that was the only thing Gabriel had remembered?
He then tried his sandwich and let out a satisfied moan. "Wow, this is good."
"Well yeah, that's not really our problem," Dean admitted.
Then a paper pellet hit the back of his head and he turned around with a frown. A couple of tables behind him Charlie gave him a cheeky grin.
"Please don't speak that way about my mother ever again."
Castiel turned to face him. "Then what's the problem?"
"Yeah, he's around here somewhere," Dean said, deciding not to mention Sam was eavesdropping. Misha was his husband, maybe he'd tell Dean something he wouldn't be comfortable saying otherwise. "Everything's alright, don't worry. I was just thinking... Have you ever, I don't know, noticed that Rich can actually be a lot like... Gabriel?"
He shook his head, certain he was right about this. He had to be. "No way. It has to be a spell."
"I love you too," he replied. And that was the truth. He did love her. He just didn't know in what way anymore.
"Except that he's dead," Sam said as quietly as possible. He really didn't want to freak out their driver, who he now remembered seeing the last time they were here too.
He just shrugged while catching up with Michael and heading to his locker together. They'd talked a lot to each other the last couple of weeks and Dean even dared to say they were becoming really good friends. Most of all, Michael had been a huge support for him when it came down to Sammy. Dean had been lost for ways to help his brother with his loss and he'd started to become pretty desperate about what to do next. Luckily Michael had given him some advice and although Sam was still making it hard on him, he finally felt like he was making at least some sort of progress.
Now Dean saw something dawned on him.
"No... you're wrong," Dean eventually managed to get out. "It's not true."
"Because of last night?"
"Hi honey!" Lisa called when he approached his friends. Michael wasn't with them yet, luckily.
At once, Dean's eyes shot up to meet his friend's. "What?"
Lucifer tilted his head a bit and pulled up his nose. "Yeah, I don't like her any more than I do you."
"Are we having a conversation now?" Lucifer huffed. When Sam just shrugged, not knowing what else to do or say, he sighed. "Fine," he answered and then an evil grin appeared on his face. "I signed the contract as soon as I heard my loving father bought the mansion on Cross Road."
Lucifer shrugged. "That's just my family, I guess. They only think about themselves, never about the people around them. They don't care who they hurt as long as they can have their way."
"'Course, no problem," Dean said, getting out as well.
Still it was enough to make John feel guilty and he started to uncomfortably stutter, "Oh. Right. Uhm... well, you could join too of course but... I mean, we only need one captain..."
"So what did you want to talk about?" Lisa asked as they walked out of the school and into the street.
He guessed Gabriel was right about that much, and Sam honestly didn't know how he felt about it. For a moment he had to remind himself that this was the same guy that had played pranks on him for an entire week when he got here, that had bullied his brother, and that had sabotaged his relationship, even if it didn't need much sabotaging in the first place. No matter how nice he was acting now, Sam didn't really know Gabriel. Hell, maybe the guy was just as bad as the rest of his brothers. It didn't matter what Castiel had said about seeing the best in people, Sam wasn't about to let himself be fooled again. This time he would be more careful. He had to be.
Even if Cas hadn't been there to help him in the toilet stall, basically the entire school knew what'd happened to him on Tuesday by now.
But apparently it didn't matter, because only a mere second later one of the other Shurleys leaned against this desk.
Dean let out a mocking laugh. "I just kinda dumped the girl I was supposed to marry, what do you think?"
"Oh no, no no no," Crowley interrupted him, grabbing him by the arm and starting to drag him back towards the entrance. "No time for that."
"So you wanna tell me what you were doing with Lucifer in an underground club after I explicitly told you you couldn't go?" his older brother elaborated in an annoyed voice.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"Right, those douche bags..." Dean mumbled to himself. "Look Cas, I'm sure they're doing their best in their own weird way, that's not my point. The point is that you're a person. You're just a guy, not a lifeless part in the big machine that's your dad's company. You deserve to be more than that. You deserve to be whatever the hell you want to be."
Adam was really trying his best not to grin like crazy at the shy way Samandriel was smiling at them too.
Michael looked just as shocked, if not more, and turned a bright shade of red before glaring at Dean a last time and walking away again.
Sam looked down at his own coffee. Although he appreciated the gesture, he wasn't in the mood for it. The warmth was kind of comforting though.
For a moment the entire class remained silent, Mrs Miller included, and stared at the door. When it became clear the boys wouldn't be returning any time soon, she finally closed it and his fellow students started whispering to each other as on cue. Sam couldn't blame them, he was just as curious to find out what had just happened. Out of the corner of his eye he caught a questioning look from Kevin, but he just shrugged in response.
"About what?"
"Yeah, see where that's gotten me," Dean huffed but they both knew Sam was right. Contrary to Sam, Dean wasn't the person to just trust people from the start. Everything but actually.
"Yeah, you're right, thanks," Dean quickly said. Now that he had what he wanted, there was no reason to waste anymore time.
"Alright, alright," Lucifer sighed while sitting up. His hand combed through his hair in an attempt to get it from sticking to his head. It didn't help much.
"Well yeah, obviously," Dean retorted. "I'm talking about Hogwarts. You know, is it a castle just like Ilvermorny? Do they have Houses too?"
"Why would I?" Gabriel asked. "The chase is half the fun."
After he'd announced to Castiel that he was going out, Gabriel made his way to one of his favorite bars. It wasn't a very big one but it was classy and they played some nice music. Oh, and it also usually had some very sexy customers.
"Thanks, Dean," he softly said, and then, because he knew how much his brother hated chick flick moments, "You promise not to shoot him?"
"Of course I do," she answered happily. "I didn't know he was back in town."
"Lovely," Crowley smirked, before striding off.
If the guy even noticed, he ignored Sam completely. "He even agreed to it, if you must know. Not the details of course, but he knew I needed to talk to you and he was willing to help."
"You never know. I can bring one of my brothers too, just in case he'd like to."
"Good," his boyfriend replied, getting out of the car.
"During these moments I would sometimes think... things," he admitted for the first time aloud. "Things I would have never thought I'd think. About a guy. I shook them off as curiosities but..." He shook his head and fell quiet. He felt so incredibly lost.
He got his backpack and put on his trench coat, waiting by the front door of the small two-storied apartment they rented.
Then they both looked up at a clattering sound coming from upstairs, followed by some loud cursing.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration and muttered, "Just get to the car, Sam, or I swear..."
"Lucifer Shurley," he said, acting like it was the most evident thing in the world. It was worth the shot.
The other boy turned and smiled brightly at him. "Hey, Dean! How are you doing?"
"So..." God, this was going a lot slower than he'd anticipated. "What did it... mean?"
He looked around just in time to see Charlie glare at her phone. When she noticed him watching, she turned her brown eyes to him expectantly.
Castiel gave him a nod. "Of course. Have you made up your mind yet?"
Molly shrugged. "Whatever you want. Interests, hobbies, secret desires."
A corner of the guy's mouth turned upwards. "Yeah, that sounds about right."
Misha laughed. "Very funny, Jensen."
Sam laughed at that.
When it came to the Shurleys, that was an awfully familiar feeling. "It's something, dealing with all of their family drama, isn't it?"
Now Dean was getting annoyed. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?"
"Just..." Dean made some vague hand gesture. Ugh, how he hated conversations like this. "All I'm saying is if you want to, you can... bring him over to our table during lunch or, I don't know, maybe invite him over for dinner or something."
His family, his friends, they all tried to help but there wasn't really anything they could do. So he shut them out. He felt empty, he felt so terribly empty and he couldn't do anything about it, because the alternative was even worse.
"Fine, let's lead with that then. What's this show called again?"
"You'd think?" Dean said, making both of them laugh.
"Because... that's just... wrong!"
Normally Castiel would probably just have turned away and continued eating, maybe smile polite first, but he remembered what Michael had told him about "making friends". So he decided a first attempt wouldn't hurt and smiled at the girl, raising his hand in a small wave.
Lucifer looked at him and the silence stretched out between them. Sam felt as if his heart was slowly cracking in his chest. It was horrible, trying to keep himself together with all the strength he could muster while his entire body seemed to want to break down every second now.
Okay, so maybe Gabriel was a little bit proud of that. "Yeah, and Lucifer here and my older brother Michael are classmates," he explained.
Gone was his plan to help Crowley out. "Sounds a little bit harsh, don't you think?"
He took a deep breath and said, "Lucifer and I broke up."
"Well, yes," Lucifer said and Sam couldn't help but laugh. "What, it's fun. Besides, I like being a leader. It's not just about being someone's boss, I want to be an example. Inspire people." While he was talking, he got a distant look in his eyes as if his mind was traveling further and further away from the brick wall behind The Cage.
The corners of Sam's mouth turned up into a broad grin, his heart starting to hammer in his chest even faster. With one hand, he reached for the back of Lucifer's head, entangling his fingers those short, blond strands, and pulled him closer again in another loving kiss. Lucifer's tongue almost immediately found its way back into Sam's mouth and the Winchester loved the feeling of it. He spread his legs a bit further, allowing Lucifer to push down on him even more until it felt like every part of their body was touching the other. One of Lucifer's hands moved up to the back of his neck to play with his hair, while the other roamed down over Sam's chest, landing itself on the boy's hip.
He'd already started to walk away, when Cas' voice stopped him in his tracks. "Dean?"
"Hey," Michael greeted him when he got within hearing distance.
Dean thought to himself, turning back to the front. He was well aware Charlie could be a very persistent person.
"Okay then," Lucifer said and started walking to the car as if nothing ever happened.
Just as Sam was wondering about what the brothers had exchanged, the boy put it away.
And then...
"That's right," Gabriel grinned.
"Dean, would you stop it?" Castiel snapped. "For Heaven's sake, he likes you. It's not like he's madly in love with you, he isn't going to ask you to marry him or anything, he just
Sam huffed and tears started to sting his eyes again. God, he didn't want to cry. He had been crying on and off all night, he was surprised he even had tears left to spill.
"What mood change?"
He laughed and nodded excitedly. "Sure. Right after school?"
Dean was so sick of this. He hated this place, he hated these people and he hated Jensen freaking Ackles.
," Sam pressed, but Dean didn't believe shit about it.
He tried to avoid his friends. Sure, in the morning he had to deal with a hug of a crying Lisa and Kevin had come up to him to pet him on the shoulder reassuringly, but then he had left them with Dean and went to find a place of his own.
There were moments when he actually considered subscribing to a website like this but he knew it was all just loads of bullshit. What were the chances that his soulmate had decided to use the exact same site in their search for love?
That was when his brother burst out in laughter. And kept on laughing for what felt like an eternity. Or at least it did to Sam, who still had trouble dealing with the picture on the screen, the picture of the guy he'd talked to only minutes ago.
"Hi," Dean greeted him when he was within earshot. "Lisa couldn't make it, so it's just the two of us."
"Awesome." Sam smiled back at Dean. "Don't worry, I won't make it late. Have fun with Cas."
The Winchesters were incredibly relieved when they finally arrived on set. Even though that probably wouldn't be any better. They said goodbye to Clif and walked towards the big building that they actually recognized from last time.
"Hadn't expected anything else." She looked at Michael. "What about you?"
"But your dad obviously isn't! If he even cared the smallest bit about any of you, he wouldn't have left all of his children completely alone!" Dean could hardly believe he actually had to spell it out for him. Why couldn't Michael see how bad a parent Chuck had been?
"Yeah, right," his younger brother answered sarcastically. "Did you have a fight with Lisa or something?"
"The character."
"Sorry, Bobby," the boys said in unison, looking down at their plates in embarrassment.
Sam's jaw dropped in surprise. "Wait, where are you going again?"
It was pretty amazing to see Dean grin at just the thought of Castiel. "Yeah, fair enough."
He had survived all of that. He'd been humiliated, hurt, locked up, stolen from and possibly almost poisoned, but even though this was probably the worst day of his life, he'd live. But then school was over and he got to the parking lot.
"Now you two listen to me," the man started. "I'm not gonna tell you who to be friends with or not. I'm not saying they're all bad and I won't stop you from hanging around with them if that's what you want, but I am telling you that that is a seriously dysfunctional family. And I don't want either of you getting caught up in their messes. 'Cause it is gonna end bloody. You understand?"
"No thanks!" Sam yelled back. "We'll get something later on!"
"It's alright, I guess," Michael answered, taking a bite of his potatoes.
Kevin had found him hardly ten minutes after he'd ended the call. He had helped Sam up and given him a hug before he led him back to the car, where Mrs. Tran stood waiting. She'd hugged him too, and then ushered him in. When they got to Kevin's house, Sam was still shaking (either with cold or emotion, he couldn't even tell himself), so she wrapped him in a blanket on the couch and went to make them hot chocolate while Kevin put on a
"I just got a text from Dad. He's coming home tonight and wants to have family dinner."
"He's kinda right," Charlie pointed out with a shrug.
The other boy turned to him and again Dean was taken aback by those eyes, like blue fire. "And I want to be your friend but I can't just betray my family for you!"
"Perfect. See you later!" Michael waved goodbye at him before leaving.
So he had answered the phone and let her talk, although he didn't really listen to what she was saying. She had noticed something was off about him rather quickly and asked him about it, but of course he didn't answer. He just gave her some crappy explanation about being tired. He could tell she wasn't convinced though, her voice had sounded worried, but she'd dropped it anyway and Dean appreciated that about her.
"Thank you, Dean. I'll see you around," Castiel said with a nod and then he walked away.
"That was exciting," Gabriel commented.
As soon as Gabriel took a seat at the Slytherin table, he knew exactly how this would end up going. It didn't take him longer than two seconds to establish his first target.
"What?" Sam managed to get out. He could barely think when Lucifer looked at him like that.
Castiel looked at him in confusion. "The Trickster? Gabriel's not-" Then something seemed to dawn on him and his shoulders drooped. "Oh."
After a couple of seconds Sam decided to give up. "Fine," he sighed. "I'll bite. Why are you in my personal space?"
Bobby just shrugged. "Never met him. But the guy has quite a reputation."
Sam let out something that resembled a broken laugh. "I don't care what they want," he said in a near whisper. "I care what
When he pulled up in front of his home, Dean left the engine running as he opened the door, and before Cas could follow his example, he told the other guy he'd be right back. The confusion on Cas's face was even bigger when Dean returned with a six-pack in his hand. He dropped the bottles in his friend's lap as he got back in.
That's when one of the other Hogwarts kids intervened, a boy with light brown hair and a chain necklace underneath his shirt. "Sorry, I hate to interrupt this beautiful piece of entertainment and place don't take my panties for saying this, but you might actually want to do that. His mother's our Head teacher."
Even from this distance, he could see a frown appear on Cas's face.
Not exactly untrue, but he wasn't about to admit that.
Sam stared at his brother in disbelief.
"It had been a while since Dad had adopted another child. The last one, Samandriel, was at least five years before that. So yes, we were quite surprised you could say."
Dean huffed. "Yeah, right."
"Why would he stalk his own brother?"
"He must have an ulterior motive," Cas continued. "I just can't seem to figure out what it is."
"Well, it sounds like he must really care about you," Sam noted.
"Awesome," Dean mumbled. "We're trapped in freaking Hollywood Life
"Why wouldn't I?" Castiel retorted, grabbing a tray.
Dean was already starting to curse when Sam noticed something. Next to the door was a black marble tile with the doorbell and
The Shurley pretended to consider it, then said, "Sure," making Sam laugh and give him a playful shove.
Surely Castiel would've called if anything had happened, so he assumed his little brother was still on his way. Gabriel had spent the majority of his day working on his dissertation in the library, making him closer to the bus stop and with plenty of time to get there, but still Castiel should have been here by now.
and leave his brother behind. Plus, who knew what Misha planned on doing when they'd be alone for an entire evening... Dean got even more uncomfortable at the idea alone, but he honestly couldn't think of a single good excuse that would get him out of this situation. He looked at Sam, eyes begging for some sort of solution, but it appeared that his brother was just as clueless.
Dean grinned. "Apple pie. What else?"
"Well hey, Sam," he was greeted. "Just the person I wanted to see. What a coincidence."
"Huh," he mumbled in surprise. Dean's brother must be deaf.
"Uhm... yeah, sure... I guess," Sam let out.
Bobby mocked and Dean let out a little laugh, be it not a very genuine one.
"Are you saying I normally don't put in effort?" he exclaimed in feigned disbelief.
He had to admit it gave him a strange sense of satisfaction to see Dean's eyes practically pop out of his head.
Sam grinned widely and shoved him as he stepped into the car. "I was talking to Lisa," he defended himself.
