Whoops! I did another read-through, and realized I had taken out a few too many sentences. I put them back in, so hopefully this makes more sense.
Sherlock shivered during John's diagnostic soliloquy, feverish flesh twitching with each gentle stroke. He lay passive and silent, trusting John. Trusting John. Trusting John. Trust in John. His rate of respiration was easing.
John, having had enough of his nipple being maligned, corralled Sherlock's hand and yanked away the slick. "Give me that!" he groused rather pointlessly, the container already firmly in his possession. "Git."
"Tell me, babe. I want to hear it. I want to hear that word coming out your brilliant mouth.
"As in, how I regard you and - ."
Sherlock unglued his eyes from the inside of his brain, staring at John in amazement. "John, bloody hell! That feels good! Don't stop, please don't stop." He panted, fucking into the tunnel of John's hand. The doctor didn't stop - he sped up, re-doubling his efforts with an occasional twist at the tip. He put his other hand to work, fondling the swollen sac nestled below. Sherlock's balls felt full, heavy with come. He moaned as John rolled them around. "John! Hnnngh, ah, that too. Keep doing that, yeah, just like that.
, the broken nose and all?"
fucking felt so amazing...
(See the end of the chapter for
In Sherlock's case, the situation was reversed. If anything, the effect struck John as even more gruesome. He watched as his lover, a man he'd always considered ridiculously gorgeous, reveal an utter ruin of flesh, his true, unmasked body. John could not help it. He struggled to the loo and was sick.
"I think hell is something you carry around with you. Not somewhere you go." - Neil Gaiman
Sex is defined (thanks, Mirriam-Webster) as a base, biological function. If one wishes to to be scientifically specific, it's the union of gametes between a male and female of a species. Good enough for goldfish, perhaps. Just ask Mycroft.
"Fu-" the doctor keened. "Nnngh! Fucking dammit, love. You feel so...Christ, you're so tight!" He rotated and angled his hips, unerringly searching for the sweet spot. When John found Sherlock's prostate, the man launched up like a rocket, knees unbent. Before John could blink, his flatmate dropped down to redouble his efforts. It was if Sherlock's goal was to envelop all of John, rather than just his cock. "Touch yourself, babe," the doctor grunted, "I'm getting close!"
"Sherlock," Greg spoke gently, "Now. How's about we both take a deep breath and work this through." He struggled to sound soothing, oblivious to the fierce hammering of his heart. "So," the DI swallowed, nervously parsing his words, "can you please tell me, what's all this," he gestured vaguely in the air, "uhm...your
- Jane Austin, Sense and Sensibility
shone on through. Despite his stalwart attempts to deny it, Sherlock radiated with a passion for life. He longed for the chase, for righting the wrongs, for...a short, steady man named John Watson.
Sherlock snorted, wrinkling his nose in disgust. "John," he lamented, "that's disgusting."
*******
"In other words, John... John...what's done is done, and it is what it is. You're fighting with ancient history," Sherlock emphasized his words with a shake. "Continuing to do so is futile, truly a ridiculous waste of your energy." The doctor hiccuped twice more, bobbing his head in assent. "I do get it, John," Sherlock whispered. "We both have our demons to fight."
The doctor's condition was flagging. What John desperately desired to do (i.e. to get off the goddamn motherfucking floor and
*******
, I understa - hell, no, Fuck! I really don't. I don't actually know what you're going through... what you went through, uh... back in Serbia. I can only imagine," John swallowed audibly, "that it's been a complete nightmare for you to cope with."
*Warning* the next chapter will include a smattering of onomatopoeia.
Boy, you gotta carry that weight
"John! You're having a nightmare. It's not real!" Sherlock's voice shook. Quickly clearing the sick from his throat, he bellowed,
This is probably going to be re-written fifteen more times after I post it. I'm having trouble with the line of the plot.
"Oi! Mate! You there! Don' go!" John wailed, sounding bereft.
The little man turned away.
**In case this is an Americanism (I really have no idea one way or the other), a "special feature" is a film that, well...is special, like one-time viewing, or an addendum to the main feature which is not generally shown.
"Oi! My arse cheeks aren't
John's entire body stiffened; every muscle tightened painfully, even those of his jaw. The flat was silent, except for the horrible rasp of John's grinding teeth.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. "I'm quite sure that I'd be in much worse condition without John." He made a noise akin to that of an abandoned puppy's. "I've said it before...but, I'd be lost without my blogger." He dropped his head. "He's saved my life so many times, and in so many ways. I can't..." His voice broke off with a crack. "Lestrade! Fuck, I - "
Sherlock spoke in some language not...English. Why wasn’t he speaking in English? It's not like Greg
"Dreams are often the most profound when they seem the most crazy." - Sigmund Freud
Having no discernible effect, Greg sighed and shut up. He sat, pinching the bridge of his nose, and assumed Sherlock was gearing up for a sulk. Greg desperately hoped that Sherlock had at least one decent splinter stuck up his bum, a pain in his own arse for a change.
The detective snorted, sucking in a breathful of air. He found himself too rattled to form a coherent sentence. "Shit! John...just fucking shit!" He stepped back and tore the clothing off his back. Ruined flesh reflected the light from the windows. "This, John.
Sherlock chose not to speculate.
...sex. Well-paid valets and voyeurs. High-priced harlots, sent stumbling out through the manor's back gate. Orgies raged in crumbling factories, poppers standing in for hors d'oeuvres. And at the very bottom of the barrel oozed bad BDSM etiquette, like so much sludge, if one liked - which John didn't. Hold the ball gag and chains, please, John's plate's full-up with xHamster.
This was atypical behavior for Sherlock. Public school git that he was, he detested
"I am no longer afraid to say anything." - Anna Freud
"And Sherlock...
Sherlock blinked three times in a row, mind gradually clearing of madness. His eyelids relaxed, blown pupils shrinking. His eyes slipped across Lestrade's form. The DI's been smart, saying the only word in the entire English language capable of attracting his  interest.
Sherlock had launched into his furious tirade whilst still worming out from under Mycroft's body. "Naughty Mycroft! You made me forget which number I'd got to!" the young genius howled, stamping tiny bare feet on the floor. "I was counting! It was a very important thing and you ruined it!"
John thought, reveling under each luxurious touch. Every stroke and caress crossed from silky to Spartan, was a distinction determined via deduction and guile. Uncanny strokes by diabolical digits -
Sherlock complied, juddering as John reached down to stroke his own weeping penis. Apparently the tongue bath had reached its conclusion.
Lestrade glanced over at the detective and saw what had made John nervous. Sherlock was slipping quickly into panic mode, eyes dilating and close to hyperventilation. They had to keep the genius centered in the present, or risk Sherlock lapsing into a panic attack, or worse. Lestrade eased up from the couch and stepped over to crouch at his friend's feet. "Mate? It's okay, you're here with John and I in the flat. Baker St., 221B."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock saved John the trouble. The doctor's phone buzzed under his pillow, eliciting another of those shrill, girly screams that'd originated after the fall. Or, the jump, or Sherlock's three-year hiatus, or the interminable span of centuries in which John moved like a zombie, or...or...
The doctor continued to stare at his friend. Sherlock's limbs shot forward, then aft, as if he was engaged in a fistfight. Eyeing John sideways, the detective blustered "Obviously, you're perfectly capable, John. It's just ..."
Sherlock wailed to the sky, to the heaven's above; giving Mrs. Turner upstairs a jolt in her knickers.
And Sherlock did, policing John around the circumference of the sitting room; silently tracing his steps. "I can hear you back there, you great oaf," John remarked. "I'm not going to fall on my face."
"Now we," Sherlock paused to gnaw hard on his thumbnail, "do what you want to do?" His pale eyes flickered along with the candlelight, nervous, yet thrilled as well.
"It was such a wonder, Sherlock. So fucking incredible. I couldn't fathom it, even as a kid. How could one man, any man for that matter, create such a miraculous treasure. On his back, or fucking craning back his head on a scaffold. Rickety scaffolds, at that...fuck the Renaissance, it's a miracle that he didn't break his neck."
Sherlock huffed, crossing his arms; classic markers of his pulling a strop. "I don't need to look at you to know that you're shutting me out." He faced the window, glaring at the insufferable silence down below. Apparently, London had joined John in shutting down as well. "What about your insistance on 'doing this together'? Or, is that 'together' as in me revealing all of
John tries his best not to shoot people. Sherlock tries his best to stay present. Canoodling ensues as a form of therapy.
Finally, finished with the assessment and coming up nil (no fever, despite having cheeks ruddy red from prolonged weeping, said congestion explained by the same), John scrunched up his nose whilst surreptitiously plumping the pillows. Being a genius doesn't advance one's ability to fluff.
Sherlock tugged at his bag. "You stay here. I'm going to clear a path through the sitting room."
Also, going to the smokey state of Utah for a ten-day non-sex holiday (half of it, tragically, is on fire). In light of this fact, I am posting this POS now, despite still being unsatisfied with how it reads. Also, I stink at typing on my phone, so beware of typos, etc., discontinuity in wording, etc.
I know that I stuck a lot of the BBC script in here, but they are my favourite lines, so...yeah.
Both Greg and Sherlock and blanched in the face of John's crude inquiry. "John," Lestrade said slowly as he moved inward to sit on the couch. "Come sit down, before you fall down. You did a crack job setting my nose; ta for that, by the way. But, you're seriously close to falling on your face. How much have you had to drink today?"
Sherlock was still Sherlock. He would forever, and always, be Sherlock. So, of course the
"Jo - John. John," the name spilled from Sherlock's lips like a prayer, reverent and full of awe. The man's big head creaked upward, a bone in his neck cracking with a loud pop. Sherlock's face shone from its sticky veneer of tears and sweat. "John." He tilted back down to bump noses with the doctor, rolling their foreheads together.
"Will that sting?" Sherlock whinged...again.
Sherlock had the good grace to blush.
"But where would I go?" Sherlock blustered. "I need to be here, to take care of you!"
John looked flustered, clearly discomforted by Greg's question. His round cheeks turned ruddy, and shone with a film of perspiration. "Eh, well, I suppose that's true," he grunted with a grimace. Small hands squeezing his chair's arms in a death grip, the doctor refused to meet either man's eye.
"Sherlock, I can't do this right now, yeah?" Silvered blonde hair concealed John's face, and he wanted to keep it that way. "Let's deal with one thing at a time. We're talking about you. I want to
From New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis, 1932.
"John? What are you doing?" Sherlock giggled, trying his best to hold back a guffaw. He heard his lover's irritated mumbling switch over into wholehearted profanities.
John reached down to palm his hibernating appendage, curled up tight in defence of the cold. He rubbed his cock gently and sighed. Moments later, John's head tilted toward his right shoulder, sleepy cobalt eyes lowering to half-mast. Exhausted, yet he couldn't relax.
*The full quote is "One is very crazy when in love." - Sigmund Freud
How did you..." Greg tapered off, his jaw dropping.
Sherlock jerked his head in assent, unable to generate a sound.
"Like hell you are, John," Sherlock snapped. He leaned back, and hefted John up in his arms. "Just hang on, I'll get you out." Cautiously stepping over the mess on the floor, Sherlock hefted John out to the hall.
The doctor nodded, seemingly amused. "I've gotten complaints from each single girlfriend about how my sweat made their bedding go rank."
Sherlock sat up. He shuffled back two feet and rose back up to his knees. His posture was one of a supplicant; he appeared stunted despite his body's long length. Honestly, Sherlock's demeanor was so out of character that John found himself backpedaling. Vehemently sweeping his tongue from from one side like a window washer, he sputtered, "Luh...
Greg silently agreed with the doctor. Sherlock Holmes looked like shit. "Sherlock?" he said quietly. "That right now, letting me say these things, and you being honest with John, was amazing. It's the bravest thing that I've ever seen you do." Lestrade refrained from touching his friend, in defiance of his fierce desire to do so. He wanted to hug the crumpled figure, the man now curled into himself like a shrimp.
"Shut up now and listen," John crooned. "My body now has something to say."
* I finally got one up on you." Making air quotes, the doctor simpered, "
Shifting irritably, Sherlock switched tactics by pulling the lever in reverse. Up rose the window with a squeak. Lestrade chose to ignore it. "All three children were taken within the first three hours after school, all in play parks. Incidentally, with this second spree, all three parks are within a ten-minute drive of your flat. Whitfield, Crabtree, and Hyde Park. Having said so, in Manchester the children lived no less than twenty miles from each other." Nothing. Nothing. Nothing, from Sherlock.
"Do shut up. You're ruining my afterglow."
of Sherlock's key in the door set his heart to racing.
John have to get out of the flat and burn off these insufferable feelings. He wanted to charge over the pavement until his feet bled from ripped-open blisters.
about this was normal. If this was Sherlock after a year of intensive treatment, Christ Almighty, what had Mycroft beheld during the extrication of his brother in Serbia? John really,
"Stop, John. Don't get up. Please. Please. Let Greg finish before you do anything as kind as to console me. I'm sincerely honoured by your concern. However, in this specific situation, I fear that it's been badly misplaced," the genius snarled. His face twisted up in disgust, the ugly  sentiment aimed at his own useless self. Clenching his fists, Sherlock squashed the compulsion to punch himself smack in the face.
At some point in the last few months, John found himself regarding his friend in a way that was less than platonic, and Sherlock's beauty wasn't even the half of it. The detective's brilliance and wit; the rapid-fire skills of deduction - this all set John's to heart racing and his loins to aching. The hell of it was, John Watson was simply, unequivicably, since-the-day-he-was-born, 100% NOT GAY. Nope, not gay. Not even a little.
OMG...was this an absolute pain in the ass to write (yes, as an American, I have an ass, not an arse). Sorry it took so darn long. I did so many rewrites that I ended up saving the stuff I took out in case I can use it somewhere else.
Sherlock pursed his lips, wrinkled his nose, tilted his head, cleared his throat twice...and began.
he looked at his body. He'd carried this burden alone for a very, very long time. John wanted to cry even more than he wanted to kill.
She continued rubbing John's arms and back as they waited. The doctor's body now gyrated furiously upon the ground, shock in full swing. Sally leaned down and embrace his body with her arms and torso, sheltering his wet body from the wind. He sniffed in surprise at her kindness and medical know-how.
John's head bobbed about mindlessly for a minute before regaining his bearing. "Easy does it, Sherlock. I stood up too fast. I'm a little dehydrated, is all." John felt the
"Do it John. NOW!"
"Will you two arseholes stop talking about me like I'm not here? I've gone gammy, not deaf!" John snarled. "Jesus Christ, why can't a man have some privacy? I've already lost my mobility, ta very much. Must you strip me of every ounce of dignity I have left?" He glowered, eyes ablaze, lips pressed taut in a furious smile. "There was never that much to begin with." The doctor lunged for his crutches, spitting like a riled-up cat. "You two sound like the hosts of a talk show.
and twisting, and ripping out clumps of brown curls. "Sher..." Greg gargled. He felt like he was choking, a repellent combination of mucous, blood and saliva clogging his throat. He hocked up a wad of fluid and spit.
"I believe that your hair's the least of our worries.  You've also been glued to my chest."
Yay! (or not...lol) more gratuitous use of italics by the author!
But no. Out of the question. John was already furious. Another surreptitious drugging and John might never forgive him. No. Best to wait until the hour ended and bring him the next dose of meds.
Slight correction...watching those he
Lestrade parked half-arsed, in front of the very first café he saw, despite of its manky appearance. "What do you say," he breathed heavily, cutting off the engine. "I could go for a coffee, howz'bout you?" He rolled his head against the head rest to eyeball his disaster of a consultant.
"And worth every last pence, love. It feels fabulous against my skin," John groaned, flushing, "all my skin, including the inside bits."
"What?" John uttered, bemused. "How can you not have gone over it in your head?" His eyes lit up. "Did you delete it?"
"Yes. He wasn't just having you on." John nodded nervously. "It certainly wasn't an easy tale to listen to. I - hold on, he
I bought milk!"
It was like this. Sherlock felt bad. Really very much not very good. He'd been stupid and not paying attention, staring dreamily at the fairy lights on the tree. Now, Myc couldn't tie his own trainers or go digging for clams in the shallows.
Sherlock stood stiff, counter-balanced against the wind. From his vantage atop the narrow concrete cornice of the Bart's roof, John seemed incredibly small and fragile. Sherlock clutched at his phone like a talisman, understanding he could never turn back. One more step, and John's world would be shattered.
"Did you know that Michelangelo mixed water with pigment for the frescos? He didn't
"Sure. Yes - that," agreed Sherlock, pressing his forehead against John's. They whispered sweet invocations of love, desirous of each other's well-being. The detective brushed dry, tender kisses along the rounded planes of John's cheeks, on the soft, bulbous tip of his nose. The doctor mouthed the sharp edges of Sherlock's cheeks. Inevitably, their lips circled back around; hot breath parceled out between light, tender kisses.
"Mmmm, I was hoping you'd say that. There is a small issue of logistics, however," John  glanced at his ankle. "We might have to get a little creative, depending on what
Wowee, wowee, wow. Thank you all for helping me reach my goal! Now if only I could get 300 kudos...*cough cough*
Sherlock's body came to a screeching halt half-way between sitting and standing. "Sorry, John? I'm not sure I caught that." Color bled away from his cheeks, rosy lips tempering to white.
Sherlock's face turned livid with fury. Again, he opened his mouth.
Ack! I want to continue but, alas, I'm at work. Not exactly appropriate. To be continued at 7 pm tonight.
--------
"Jesus. Jesus, love. Please. Water, pharmaceuticals, and you. That's all I want, and not necessarily in that order," John pleaded. "I can't... I just want to hold you and sleep through the night." Voice croaky with unshed tears, he added, "Alright? May I hold you tonight?"
. Not in English, rather." He winced at his fumbling delivery. "Or, at least, that's what it seemed like to me." Sherlock curled inward, almost cowering.
"Influenza, John. That's what we have," Sherlock murmured, as he stood fiddling with the beyond-maligned bedding.
John spoke, his voice dropped an octave and took on a supercilious tone. "If you didn't have such a bloody big ego, you would have saved us both the trouble of my having to stick a pair of tweezers up your arse!"
Greg met Sherlock's eyes helplessly and shrugged.
"Shit! That's, bloody hell, how do I explain? Whatever scars you have, or... how they changed your... fuck." John drew long breaths of air through his nose, exhaling noisily from his mouth.
Lestrade goggled at his consultant, gobsmacked. "Jesus Christ, Sherlock. It's not half eight in the morning! Get up on the wrong side of the bed, did we?"
before bothering to mention it? Waiting until it got infected to seek aid from his doctor
"I'm looking through you, where did you go?
John made a quick detour for to visit the loo, clean his teeth, and have a wash-up; the head-to-toe kind. The very thorough kind of wash-up, where one is aware that soon, personal space might be a misnomer. He did not drop a flannel and land on his arse, as earlier predicted. John took this as a good sign.
A difficult conversation for John leads to...well, difficulties - for me, the writer.
"Don't be ridiculous! I've never played games when it comes to you. In fact, I find this situation anything but amusing," John snarled. "How long have you been hiding things from me, hmmm? Tit for tat, love. You haven't exactly been a font of information when it comes to
The detective's tight fist loosened in tiny increments, relaxing until his palm met with John's. Their fingers wove together in a tangle, and they slept.
"Where..." John giggled, pitch rising with his level of hilarity. "Oh, shit, oh fuck! Never mind. I'm about to come, you crazy idiot! Please tell me you're close, 'cause I -"
, and Mrs. Hudson, and
Take these broken wings and learn to fly.
" The little man's grasp tightened, fingers stroking over the glans.
Sherlock sank down even further, chair letting out a low groan of protest. It seemed imperative, suddenly, to brush away the crumbs adhered to the skin of his hands. Four fucking slices of toast, and the kitchen looked like a Hanzel and Gretal blitzkreig.
Once again, the room filled with silence.
remained an impenetrable mystery. Neither man moved as a consequence, except to shiver from the rush of adrenaline.
Yet, it was John's reaction that had shaken the detective's fragile mental health. Mycroft had worried
The DI snarled into the mouthpiece. "You'd better have something good to tell me, Dimmock. I'm in the middle of something important." Sherlock shot Lestrade a confused, side-long glance.
"Really, Sherlock? John laughed wryly. "So much for deductive geniuses. I'm sitting on your bed, in your
"Look. You were brave enough to do that, right? I mean,
Apparently, ear-splittings bellows was what happened when John's hand gathered up Sherlock's thick cock and tugged. "Christ, you're beautiful when I touch you," he sighed. "I want to make you come. I want to jerk you off with my hand. I want to suck you, lick your balls until you put cracks in the plaster with your screams. Please! I want to sti..fuck, I want to...okay, we'll talk about that one later."
After his ablutions, the little man gave himself an unforgiving inspection, casting a critical eye at the haggard face in the mirror. Self-doubt welled up; the question as to why him, why John Watson, echoed silently in the confines of his brain.
"Everything. Every goddamn thing, if you please," John cut him off. "And do it quick, before I come to my senses and ring for a cab."
John chastised.
Civilization and Its Discontents (1930)
(See the end of the chapter for
whatculture.com/offbeat/12-british-stereotypes-americans-believe-totally-true?page=4  THIS ONE HAS PICTURES OF MARTIN FREEMAN
Yes, once again, very short. I gotta walk the dog.
This had been an uncomfortable realization, as it made him more vulnerable to manipulation. This also generated vast amounts of guilt; a wholly unpleasant affair. Guilt gave Sherlock stomach cramps.
Sherlock sighed. This was not going well
Irregardless of the detective's fortitude, John knew that something was sure to distract him. It was anyone's guess what time he returned and most likely, sans the damn milk.
"Mmmm."
I mean, a canal designated to excrete waste - "
"Friendship is an art of keeping distance, whilst love is an art of intimacy." - Sigmund Freud
Sherlock waxes poetic. Very short chapter...sorry. John isn't the only one who's exhausted.
"Hush, love. Just - just shut up. The point I'm trying to make here is that the last few days have been - "
"You sure fooled me, then," John snorted. "You walked back in that door like a whirlwind, Sherlock, and then you acted surprised that I didn't run about dusting off your chair and turning on the kettle."
Upon procurement of a plastic spoon, he had continues his administration of the ice chips. At this point, John was drowsing in and out a semi-conscious state. No further statements regarding the flavor of his skin were forthcoming. Neither had any perverse, although somewhat thrilling, rhymes.
"Tosh," John flipped a hand. "What happened to me was a cake walk. Don't stop. Keep talking." He re-fluffed the pillow and adjusted his leg.
Sherlock lost all control. His pelvis ground up whilst groping John's arse, simultaneously thrusting and yanking him one... two... and three times before John growled down deep and attacked.
John giggled, then snorted.
"John!" the detective thundered, "what... you...I swear, I'll break your other ankle if you pull another stunt like that!"
"John," Sherlock groaned helplessly. "Of
It was propitious for them both that Sherlock was strong and his legs were used to hard labor. He clung to John like a slippery two-legged squid. The doctor responded with little licks, imbibing Sherlock's body fluids like a ravenous vampire. The slapping, growling, yowling, slurping, and squishing sounds filled the bedroom with a symphony of sexual ecstasy. Sherlock snaked his hand in the minimal crevasse between bellies, jerking his desperate cock like a lunatic.
The DI wanted nothing more than to run back to the squad car as quickly as his ancient arse could carry him.
like this."
"I'm sorry, I know!" John howls, facing his imaginary best friend. "But I hurt, and this fucking ankle is going to take so much time, and energy, and time - and I hurt! You're going to leave me behind, Sherlock. Every day you're going to walk out that door. I'm going to waste away in this fucking flat while you have adventures, and solve cases as easy as pie all by yourself. Then one day, Sherlock, one day you'll come prancing through our door it'll hit you,
"John?" Sherlock exhaled, and then stopped. The detective chided himself for his lack of coherence, terrified of losing all control. He felt emotionally stunted, almost impotent. "I - please, excuse me for that shameful display of hysterics. Most unbecoming a British gentleman, I know," he gurgled, sinuses swollen and full. Sherlock made a soggy attempt at some levity. "But, when have I ever truly been a..."
"Mmmmm."
John slapped his hands over his face. "I know wha- you think, Sherlock. You don't really bother mincing words."
John shivered. Why was French so goddamn sexy? "Oh gawwd," he shook his head in mock devastation, "it's too early in the day to die young. How is it possible," he groaned, "for you to get me so hard so ridiculously quickly?" His head thumped down on the pillow. "I don't even have a fucking clue as to what you said. You could be reciting our last month's gas bill, for all I know. It doesn't matter what you said. Your bloody gorgeous voice!"
"No, wait. John. That came out wrong. You don't understand. This, this
Sherlock loosed his hands from John's grasp to use as rudder, guiding the shorter man back. He stopped moving when the backs of John's knees bumped the bed. "Standing there, in the nude? Pfff! Not likely. Most undignified, don't you think? Besides, I do all my best work wrapped in a sheet." John rewarded his jest with a snort.
Never you mind the length of my
"For God's sake, John. Remove your hands from your head before you pull all of your hair out! You're already grey, do you want to be balding as well?" The detective closed his eyes in defeat, breath pulling ragged through his nose. "Christ, I'm sorry, now I'm yelling."
However, one thing that John is
Sherlock realized that whilst he'd trusted it as one would a safety room, in effect it was a locked oubliette. He itched to melt it into a amorphous lump, indistinct from a steaming coil of dog shit. He ached to transform it into functional living tissue, fusing the mould with his own epidermis so that it's bland, uniform aspect eclipsed his scars. Albeit, the odds of biogeneticists promoting this morally questionable methodology were enormous. And yet?
John proves that love is blind, and that sexy is centered in the mind.
"Sherlock," John said cautiously, soothing the wild beast. "I have no fucking clue as to what you're on about even if I'm right chuffed over your use of foul language. A first for you, I believe. I consider it progress. So, let's start with the topic, yeah?" he said gingerly. "And, then we can take it from there?"
The doctor gawped at his flatmate. "Are you being serious right now? Are you the same man that walked about untreated with a two-inch stab wound in his thigh for
need something, I - "
The veteran straightened his spine, an unconscious attempt at assuming parade rest.
was, there was more than one person involved. The tiny, coarse hairs at the base of his neck sprung up, and brushed at his collar.
John hacked, ineffectively attempting to rid his throat of the sour, cloying mucus. "Wait, John," Sherlock murmured. "Let's get you off of this floor, and back in my bed. After that I will get you some water."
, the two startled, in simultaneous - if horrified, wonder.
You were only waiting for this moment to be free."
"Alright, John," the detective spluttered, "give me a moment, will you? You 'require' more ice. I myself, require a spoon." Ears flaming hot, Sherlock practically bolted from the room.
-----
The detective perched on the edge of the squeaky leatherette chair, plate-sized hands practically splintering the scratched arms in his consternation. Sherlock's vigil strained his already precarious mood. He was not a patient man.
Greg knew that Sherlock's wanderings led him to the eastern regions of Europe to the southern coast of Asia (thanks to a slightly sozzled John at their weekly pub crawls). Of course he'd have to speak the language to blend in, that only made sense.
"Wait, just hang on," John winced, flexing his left thigh. "This sounds like a long conversation. Let me," he pushed down on the mattress in an effort to move back, "try to get into a better sitting position." The doctor's arm muscles protested, making his efforts inefficient and clumsy. "Bloody hell," John spluttered between gritted teeth, "prophetic, as usual, Sherlock."
“What?" Greg gently prodded. "Sherlock, I'm not understanding what you're saying. You are, eh... talking to
"Shush! It's all fine!" John said, somewhat alarmed at Sherlock's explosion.
The author budges in with a poorly-worded soliloquy. Sorry for that.
He, Sherlock Holmes, who'd bared mind, soul, and shirt; offering John his heart on a platter.
"Yes!"
"Right. Insidious. Got that," John agreed.
“Let’s...right. Alright. Okay.” Greg took a gamble. “Can I take out my phone and call John?"
"Worst patients, yeah. I get it," Lestrade nodded. "That's the thing about John. He's always got your back. It's going to be hard for him, knowing that you're out on your own. Best to watch yourself, now that the bodyguard is bedridden."
"Discomfort, he says," the doctor groaned. "I hate it when you're right about this stuff." He grudgingly loosened his grasp to pinch at the bridge of his nose.
being sucked on like an especially flavourful ice lolly. This. This situation fell outside the realm of normal social decorum. Like, way out, say in Nebraska.
John recognized that they'd come full circle. He'd been re-gifted with Sherlock's singular focus. More salient and to the point, though, was that he'd regained the man's unwavering trust. John sprawled on the bed, limbs akimbo. His flesh had melted, burned by Sherlock's devastating heat. Sherlock loomed above him. John lay boneless, awaiting his flatmate's next move. The man radiated strength and virility. And yet, the doctor saw Sherlock's eyes grow wet, glistening with not-quite tears...or so. Tears.
John was there, for Sherlock to love.
"Viruses are basically very simple microbes. They are metabolically inert until they encounter a host. During the lysogenic phase, they lie dormant, not affecting the host in the slightest."
Matter over mind, as it were.
Golden Slumbers - The Beatles
This was supposed to contain the entire conversation but I goofed. Duh. I wish I was a stable genius, but I'm just a flighty broad.
a doctor, you know."
Consider this. When John kills the cabbie, one of the first questions out of Sherlock's mouth is "Are you alright? After all, you have just killed a man." He asks Irene Adler a similar question after pistol-whipping an CIA operative. And she's a dominatrix! WTF, Sherlock?
I love the Beatles. Just sayin'.
Lestrade didn't like what he saw, not one little bit.
"Speak for yourself...I'm not an idiot," Sherlock bleated weakly. "But in this you are correct, John. Gregory, you are a fine friend. I thank you very much for your kind consideration and aid. I'm sure I'd be still at the park else-wise, spilling government secrets to the birds to Mycroft's horror."
"Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Thinking out loud, yeah?" John hedged, and for once, his lover let an anomaly slip by without doggedly examining it further. The doctor shifted uneasily. Or, at least, he made the attempt. Annoyed, John realized that his lower half had gone altogether numb, unresponsive to the signals from his brain. "Look, love," he said, poking Sherlock's ribs. "I need to get up, or you need to get your enormous arse off. One or the other, of both, I'm not particular. The circulation to my lower extremities is blocked." He slapped Sherlock’s arse for added emphasis.
Because I'm not that smart.
flatmate exponentially heightened discomfort. The detective's frantic thrashing had done little more than increase John's bruise count. "Oi! Sherlock!" He bellowed. "Slow down before you poke out an eye!"
Greg listened. He didn't ask any questions, but rather let Sherlock take him own time when he paused. There were a lot of pauses in Sherlock's narrative, whereby he stopped to gather his thoughts. His story was a long one, and he'd only shared it with two other people in the world. One of those people had been flesh and blood...his brother Mycroft. The other person, obviously, was with his lover; the incredible, and fundamentally inestimable Dr. (Captain) John Watson. Gregory Lestrade was a good man, a good friend. It was time that Sherlock acknowledged it, in fact, long overdue.
"It's not the best time for a case of ennui, Sherlock," the DI went on with increasing aspersion. "Christ, you're freaking me out, to be honest; and I'm already wound up to my gills. Right now - at this moment - three children's lives are on the line. So, gimme your problems or whatnot, and then delete them. It. Whatever. Who knows, I might actually have an answer for...well," Lestrade cut himself off hearing the utter ridiculousness of his statement. "Right. Whatever the case, we need to get off our fat duffs and find the maggot who nabbed them. After which, I'll go to mine and have a very stiff drink. Hell, maybe two, if we're quick. What you end up doing is your business."
John addressed himself sternly.
had no interest in knowing.
Yes, I am a terrible terrible person for leaving this as is. I have to do "real life" for the next four days, but still wanted to post something significant. It gets even more detailed and deviant. I promise.
"How did I not know?! John. It's a ridiculous notion at best." Sherlock groused, loosening his hands from John's own to throw them about. "I always know what you're thinking. Preposterous, John! I would have seen it!"
"Ahh..." Sherlock "Perhaps some new... trousers?"
It was due time to up the ante a notch. Resuming the softer approach, his tongue traced a liquid trail back to John's lips. They kissed.
before Sherlock could do something stupid. In a knee-jerk reaction fueled by mind-boggling panic, John made to get to his feet. In the blink of an eye, pain zinged from his toes to the very tip-top of John's head.
"This," Sherlock murmured, gently taking John's left hand. He drew it up to his full lips and brushed them against John's fingers, prompting a startled gasp from the little man.
being gunned down because of my
Now the walls sank inward, and John felt as if the whole room was melting. The doctor cursed his landlady for her ridiculously garish taste in wallpaper. The brown and green striping undulated wildly, akin to ocean waves raging during a tempest. John's disorientation mounted, and he struggled to maintain full awareness. The doctor in him perked up, quickly slapping that berk Wanker John in the face. He was precariously close to passing out, the second time in one day. Not good. Not good at all.
At some point, Sherlock had opened his door a crack. A low light flickered, most likely a candle. John tapped once with a knuckle on the door frame. "Hey," he called, voice unusually deep. "Care for some company?"
The men are cut to the quick, souls splayed open. Soul-searching and sexy times commence.
Hmmm. I'm back to excessive use of hyphens. In addition, I hope none of the story was redundant. Multiple rewriting and all that. Please feel free to point out any mistakes.
I don't know what the hell just happened. This was supposed to be a short and lighthearted story about two men who bonk.
**********
"Of course. Yes, John. I want to remove my trousers - and pants, naturally. Just not my, em, shirt."
John's anxiety diminished. So, this was what Greg had been pondering? He swiveled to assess Sherlock's response. The smaller man blanched, seeing his lover's eyes glisten, bottom lids welling with liquid. John's right leg flamed in agony.
"Er, I didn't, I wasn't aware of your level of arousal, but you definitely seemed to approve of what I was doing."
“We are threatened with suffering from three directions: from our body, which is doomed to decay..., from the external world which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless force of destruction, and finally from our relations with other men... This last source is perhaps more painful to use than any other. (p77)”
"Sherlock,
"Aaaaagh!" he screamed, echoing in the dark. "I hate that I wasn't with you, Sherlock! I should have been there! You should never have lied... I would have had your back! You are my everything! I would have saved you!"
(See the end of the chapter for
makes the world go 'round. Sherlock had never fathomed the intent behind the maxim.
Lestrade stirred and resettled, body flush against the back rest. He'd come to the conclusion that at this point, disclosure was the logical choice.
The detective's eyes flicked over to John's without moving. The little man watched, breath abated, whilst Sherlock swallowed hard several times. He resumed his place on the bed, migrating so stiffly that his knees popped, breaking the silence. "John..." he said softly, "I..." he cleared his throat harshly. "The...injuries that occurred, as you are now aware, are grotesque." He swept one hand toward the en suite. "It is quite obvious that they upset you, and - "
"Besotted?" Sherlock squeaked.
Shall we ring in the new year with angst, excessive mood swings and redundant falls to the floor? Oh, why not.
Sherlock obeyed Lestrade's command - mostly. He switched tactics, releasing his hair to box at his ears and his face.
"Listen, Sherlock, I'm going to give it a go by myself" John jiggled the pajamas with a smirk, trying to keep the mood light. "Can you pour me a whiskey whilst I change?"
"S'il vous plaît venez,"** the detective crooned, waving a hand in mock deference. He reminded John of the 1930's
Greg wondered whether or not he'd sustained a concussion.
Sorry if this sucks. I am really tired.
" John murmured into Sherlock's wet mouth, "you are mine. I am yours. It's okay."
Using elbows for oars, John rowed aft, angling to reach the side of the tub. He tried not to remember that he had an audience. The little man's tactic proved useful. Unfortunately, though, John's spacial awareness had gone bye-bye and his skull rammed the porcelain with a loud thunk. Frustrated, furious, and now beyond reason, John roared and slammed his head backwards one...two...three times before throwing in the towel; resting his weight against the unyielding surface.
John panted, waiting for his phone to buzz. After what felt like a year, but was more like twenty seconds, John hit Sherlock's speed dial and hoped he'd pick up. One ring went through before Sherlock disconnected the call.
"Love, I am far too past my normal mental capacity to understand what you're getting at. Kindly rephrase what you meant?" He dropped his eyes to his hands, thereby avoiding the sight of Sherlock's newly donned shirt. John's stomach still roiled in upset, and his head was starting to ache. He had no interest in a repeat performance. He felt desperate for that promised glass of water. He licked his dry lips.
"Sherlock, if the last half-hour was any indication of your abilities in bed...well, hello Casanova!" John smiled sweetly. He reached out and drew Sherlock near to look in his eyes. "Surely your deductive skills told you that you utterly destroyed me just now. Jesus, Sherlock, I was so close to coming from your fingers alone that I - ."
Suddenly, a fluttering scrap of white fabric caught the DI's attention. He stepped from the path, bending down to the bush from which it hung. Nah, not cloth, just a ribbon of ripped paper, a blank piece of paper at that. Both knees creaked painfully in protest as he rose back up to a standing position. Lestrade turned to talk to Sherlock, and noticed that he was completely alone.
Holmes and Watson, Watson and Holmes. The men fit together like bangers and mash. Bubble-and-squeak. Bloody hell, fish and chips - on a good day. John and Sherlock looked on silently as Lestrade quietly slipped out, closing the door to their home.
**********
"What?" John snorted. He let fly a long, merry giggle, forever in tune with his lover. "Now. Hear. This." John bellowed in a sportscaster's tone. He both felt and heard Sherlock's guffaw. "You ARE BEAUTIFUL, Sherlock, and no bloody old scars can change that. You are sexy, and brilliant...hey, keep going, I'll die if you stop now!" John demanded with a slap to his arse, as the detective's hand abruptly stilled. Those words - John's words. He'd know in an instant if John was lying. Hell, he was bloody
Sherlock wanted to explain, but John simply blocked him out. He already knew what Sherlock thought of his
John had thought.
"John," Sherlock's tone muted into something much softer. "This isn't permanent, and you know it. You will heal. You're not crippled." He extended his hand and held John's taut cheek in his hand. The doctor wondered how Sherlock had known where his head lay, and then sighed. He was Sherlock - or course he knew.
Once the perpetrator understood that he'd been sussed out, he'd shot himself point-blank in the mouth. All three boys had been wearing his blood and bits of brain tissue when they'd been rescued from his fruit cellar. Lestrade was profoundly grateful that he'd not been there as witness. He saw enough gore as it was; enough for a lifetime, far too much. Thank God that this hadn't been added to the list.
" Sherlock groaned, "pleeaaase..." Fumbling over the side table, he snatched up the lube and slapped the chilly container hard against John's more sensitive nipple. John's squeak of protest urged him to whack it twice more. "I'm
The baby wobbled and listed, destined to spill over the railing. Out charged Mycroft from the depths of his bedroom like a prepubescent guardian angel. He snatched Sherlock's cold little feet into his soft, dimpled hands mere seconds before the little scamp toppled. Mycroft's reflexive reaction had, in quite literal terms, saved Sherlock's neck, unaware that he'd set his own precedent. The boy jerked the baby back by the ankles and hauled him hastily down off of the banister.
Also, we're all going to pretend that I know how remote-control vibrators work, and that Sherlock can control John's from several miles away. 'Kay?
“dreams may be thus stated: They are concealed realizations of repressed desires.”
"Hush, now, my love. Just close that beautifully kissable mouth of yours and let it go."
Out if the blue, John's distress morphed into madness and his spine snapped up straight as an arrow. "Sherlock Holmes, I can't
I know...pretty short. But, in all fairness, it is really part of the last chapter. Stay tuned for more angst! LOL
The detective shook his head, irritated at his own inability to communicate
Eventually, John yanked himself back upright, whereby his chin promptly flopped down to his chest. Too far gone to register any fresh pain, the doctor set his focus on simply staying upright. John seesawed, but held his position until movement caught his attention. Gasping in wonder, the doctor peered upwards and goggled at the myriad of whirling black dots filling the room. They were like soft, sooty snowflakes adrift in the air. John was tempted to reach out and touch one, but reconsidered.
" John mimicked his lover's spiteful tone, "and you know it."
The beige spandex wrapping caught his eye, wound tight around his split jeans. How in God's name did he think that he would manage this without Sherlock's help? Not today, at least. His less-than-delicious body odor competed with the enticement of the gown's.
A strong whiff of Sherlock's shampoo and something more essentially "Sherlock" flooded the doctor's nostrils. Maybe. Maybe this crossed a line. Then again, maybe not. Sherlock tended to be "Mr. Handsy" with his flatmate; no personal boundaries in evidence. Which was odd, considering. Whatever. John threw it over his shoulders and continued Project Pud Pull.
and the order
Sherlock lunged forward and gripped both of John's forearms. His hands clutched John so tightly they caused more than a little discomfort. The pain didn't even register. John just let Sherlock squeeze and squeeze, cutting off the circulation to his hands. His fingers throbbed with the mounting pressure of trapped blood; yet, all John could think about was how lucky he was that this marvelous man still living - in their flat, in his life, on the planet.
That's -
Sherlock takes off his shirt.
— Eckhart Tolle
"Yeah. Yeah, alright," Greg conceded with a deep frown. "But, John's my friend too, you know. A
"Stop!"
Sherlock’s tongue darted quick as a lizard's into the shelter of his mouth. He couldn't decide as to whether John's postulation was barmy, but harmless; or offensive based on general principle. He judged it thirty-seventy, at best. Best take the high road and ignore John's tomfoolery, lest he feed into his lover's behavior.
"Oi! Is that an ultimatum? It's either full disclosure on my part or we're through?" the little man bristled, neck colouring deep red. "For Christ's sake, we just became lovers how many hours ago? Well,
John, mind cleared of morphine, takes a whack at Sherlock for once again being...Sherlock.
Tragically, Sherlock anticipated their evening consisting of an alternate course of action.
of all people. He was his only other friend - and a high-ranking DI to boot.
One quick, whip-hard shudder snapped up the length of his spine. Loathsome images flashed unprompted, unwanted; wretched remnants of pain. Before Moriarty, Sherlock was merely an arsehole. Now, he was an arsehole,
The detective pulled out, all muscles melting. He slowly fell forward, finally docking on John's slippery torso. Neither spoke for a minute, concentrated on forcing oxygen back into their lungs.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jesus, Sherlock! What the hell was that?" John glowered menacingly, mad at the world in general; clearly at the end of his wits. Too late, the doctor caught movement from the corner of his eye. John turned to see Sherlock fighting a one-sided battle with gravity. Pitching downward, the detective yelped as his long, bony shins caught the table. Trapped by inertia, Sherlock continued straight forward.
Don't you feel, can't you sense how mad I am for you?" Huffing, John rolled his eyes. "And here I was, thinking you knew how I felt, but ignored it. I figured my affections were considered "trivial nonsense", or worse, simply dull. Maybe, I don't know, doomed office romance? An intolerable distraction from The Work?" John shrugged helplessly. "I didn't know
*In America, the phrase "What would Jesus do?" has been pandered to the masses in the form of bumper stickers (on cars), silicone bracelets, t-shirts, dog tags, and the like. Otherwise written as WWJD, for the purposes of my narrative, WWSD reads "What would Sherlock do?" In my opinion, a much smarter question. As for Jesus, who knows?
As a species, humans were rarely humane.
what I am willing to do," he spoke, voice muffled into his armpit. "Since when have you
The detective gazed at the empty vessel for a moment as if it held the solution for his life's insurmountable woes. Placing it gently on the bedside table, Sherlock blew out the air in his lungs. Gazing at John, he slipped off his shirt, switched off the lamp, and slid silently into their bed.
"Report? Shit, yeah, that's right! Neither one of you fuckers has bothered to tell me what happened," John snorted with derision, soundly smacking his thighs. "So what happened? Who beat up who? And...wait. Greg. Why aren't you
Crimson drew up from the base of John's neck up to the tips of each ear. "That's very...generous of you. But, hardly necessary. Go bother Lestrade for some cold cases, if you must. Or bug Molly. I'm sure she's saved some lovely eyeballs or a lung just for you. Maybe a bladder,
Sherlock tapped the screen of his phone, leaving a trace of sweaty thumbprints. "I'll take you, John. I'm going to take you so hard, right...fucking...now." One more tap, and the sex toy came to life with a buzz.
"Blackbird singing in the dead of night,
Sherlock popped up, thrilled to do something helpful. "Absolutely, of course. Here," he presented the crutches with a flourish. John took them with a stilted nod and moved off. Sherlock stood frozen, lost and empty-handed; facing a cold, empty bed. Sentiment,
"No, you're right, as always...as always. Sorry, Sherlock. It's been a shit day. The last thing I need to do is wake up with a hangover," John groaned, resting his face in his hands. "No tea, though thanks for the offer. I'm full to bursting as it is. Can I use the..." John said, eyeing the hall to the loo, "before you do your little talking thing? I have to piss like a racehorse."
"No, it is. It is. And anyone with half a brain in their head - and that includes you,
it hurt like a bitch.
A man like me cannot live without a hobby-horse, a consuming passion...a tyrant." - Sigmund Freud, Letter to Wilhelm Fliess (1895)
"I'm good. I've had worse." Although the doctor tried sounding blasé, the detective wasn't fooled. John was hurting, and badly.
"Mmmm. Actually, that's...good. Quite good, in fact." Sherlock flashed a return smile, but suddenly recalled what had fomented John's amusement.
Never mind. By this point in the proceedings, John had foregone all sense of propriety. As such, he flaunted his arse, spine splendidly arched in a precise 48.7 degree angle.
John snorted gaily. "Come home, you mad git, so you can shag me for real this time."
at the spot where Lestrade's own nose bent and angled sideways. Sherlock's pupils swelled, the irises reduced to transparent blue rings.
"Not all of it, John," Sherlock prodded warily.
"God, yes. I'm sure I've never been better." Lanky legs thwarted John's strong, yet compact arms for all of thirty seconds, before Sherlock kicked off his trousers in a frenzy of lust. His eyes locked in John's. Only John. All for John. Everything he'd ever done, well, at least the
at my side doing the Work? Taking up the blog? Being my friend," Sherlock smiled shyly, "and now, my lover.
"John," Sherlock murmured eventually, lightly touching John's hair, "tell me what you are thinking."
"Care for a nightcap?" Sherlock's voice wafted from the kitchen sounding muffled, as if he'd covered his lips with a hand. He strode long-legged and irritated back into the sitting room, a coffee cup of whisky flush against the rim of his mouth. He'd kindly brought the bottle clutched in his hand, one strong finger looped through the handle of a mug. "It's unfortunate that John neglected to do the washing up today. All of our tumblers are dirty."
Sherlock carelessly flopped down on the bed, grimacing at his lover's pained wince. "Sorry, John, you know I'm good at this thing." His long face drooped into a scowl. Humming softly, he said, "It's like this. We've seemed fine, at the top of our game. I'm on fire, intellectually speaking. And you, John? Choosing to come back to be my sidekiii...
-gotta love that cheesy 1980's soundtrack.
Sherlock smiled, and maneuvered behind him. Space was tight...the en suite was cramped as it was. "It's a good thing you're such a skinny git!" John grunted as Sherlock hoisted him to standing. The room swam for a few seconds, dark specks obscuring his vision. John felt himself swaying from a one-two punch of exhaustion and lack of fluids. Combine these two conditions with a sudden change in elevation, and a quick drop in blood pressure results. He should have anticipated this physical response, but was simply too out-of-sorts.
After reviewing all of the available data, it was only logical to conclude that John had been off his tits on drugs. John's comments did not reflect his true feelings. John's comments, jarring and titillating as they were, would hopefully not be remembered. It might be a bit not good in 221B if he did.
," his voice grew gritty, by any of your
THIS POSTING IS REALLY, RIDICULOUSLY SHORT.
before jumping into dangerous situations, yeah? It could have been more than your bum that got injured."
"Well, then," Greg temporized. "John still dealing with - "
"So. I take it that the case has been solved, then?" Sherlock rumbled. "That's a good thing, isn't it?" He scowled in annoyance at his stupidity. Of course it was a good thing that the killer had been caught. He should have formed the sentence as a statement, not a question.
"What happened, John? Stop for a swim?" Sally smirked, looking down in squint-eyed scrutiny. "I assume you've been injured?"
The flow of blood from Greg's nose had finally tapered off, crusted clots of blood plugging up his nasal cavities. He sounded like he'd come down with a head cold. He surreptitiously peered up at the nearest CCTV camera. Maybe they weren't as isolated as he'd first thought. God, he hoped Mycroft would stay out of it, for once. He had enough to deal with as it was.
Greg warily studied his friend whilst more surreptitiously assessing his own damage. Cautiously, oh so carefully, he lifted his fingers and gently ran them over cracked bone. Frankly, it didn't feel good, pun intended. Freshets of red blood trickled down to his wrists, splattering to the ground with a
he'd once deemed necessary to navigate the narrow streets of London, without shame, and/or mortifying inquiries; he now loathed it. Sherlock equated the
"Pardon?" the detective queried. "Did you say..."
The back of Sherlock's hand hits the pavement, again.
"A strange enigma is man." - Arthur Conan Doyle - The Sign of Four
"I let you down, Sherlock!" John howled. "Over, and over, and over again; it just goes to prove that I'm old and I'm useless - ."
With all due respect, I'm not an innocent," the lanky man groaned. "I'm capable of handling extreme stress."
"I want that, too," Sherlock whimpered. He felt himself bucking, pushing, thrusting into the pre-cum wetness of John's palm.
I say such a thing? My dear John," he paused, impelled to snuffle a great wad of snot up his nose before dripping, "you do know I that I'd monitored your dating behavior since the day you'd moved in. You are prone to smooth-skinned women with blue eyes and large bottoms. Tell me if I am wrong."
"For the love of God, get your arse in the bed before you fall off!" John guffawed. Sherlock lifted up on his legs to rearrange his body. This time, he angled his hips toward the compact, little man. "Both cheeks!" John howled, laughing helplessly.
ill?" He reached up, slapping a palm against Sherlock's forehead, scrutinizing two absolutely bloodshot, red-rimmed gorgeous silvered eyes.
However, the tidbits of information he gathered were given to him by John, who was almost as much in the dark. Sherlock never once offered information, and Lestrade had never dared ask. In light if all this, how could he possibly approach this without upsetting Sherlock a second time? He never worked blind, if he could help it. That's why he employed Sherlock in the first place!
In retrospect, reveling in the memory, Sherlock recalled that a human males' lordosis angle, specifically in the lumbar region (calculated using the ratio between the lordosis depth and length) was 13.2° less than a female's - well, if one applied the Cobb method of measurement.
Just to be on the up and up, things get really Bipolar later on. From experience, I know that when strong emotions are repressed and then expressed, nine shades of holy hell break loose. Thing do smooth out and then more sex happens (yay).
you fucking genius!"
"Do it, John. Fucking do it."
Sherlock rolled his hand for John to continue. "Fair enough. So, a rat?"
"John, I am sorry," Sherlock breathed at the edge of John's hearing, not really absorbing John's words. "Please forgive me my unkind behavior, my callousness. The way I came back was unfair. It was cruel."
As for his own self-concept, John identified himself as both a fighter and fixer of men. His original blowout, which seemed ridiculous in retrospect, centered on the constraints of bodily injury. He abruptly grasped the reality of his duty. His Work, his commitment, began here in their flat with his lover and best friend in the world. No longer did his Work rely on mobility and deadly accuracy with a gun. John must dredge up every shred of compassion he held, whilst generating an infinite supply of patience. This Work was going to be the greatest challenge of his life. John feared he hadn't the qualifications for the task ahead.
John stared at his flatmate. His small, yet competent hands clenched the chair until his knuckles turned white. The doctor cocked his head to the left, running his eyes over Sherlock's sharp face. "As a...man. As in a male flatmate? A male assistant? A male of the species? Please to clarify that last statement? I don't understand."
You fought a war, fought the good fight just like I did. The difference is, Sherlock, that I fought in a unit. I had mates. I had back-up. I had support. Hell, I had a whole
Sherlock shimmied out of his trousers, then his pants. He unbuttoned his shirt, fingers sweaty and slipping over the plastic. Once done, he shook his shoulders like a two-bit whore. The shirt, deferring to the laws of physics, shifted outwards. It halted at the tapered curve of his shoulders (per John's request). His lover had a self-admitted thing for Sherlock's neck, and besides, it reminded John of a sheet.
to touch you and have you touch me is a privilege I will never forego now that I have it. It's just..." Sherlock faltered. "Let me - I, um.
John's eyebrows slowly rose. His eyes seemed to absorb rather than reflect the light from the fire; they were solid-black orbs sunk in his pasty, lined face. "Ok, sorry mate, go on."
"Love...God, I love you," the doctor murmured, giving one last lick for good measure.
John shook beads of sweat from his forehead to peer up at Sherlock. "God, your voice. It's like aural dark chocolate. It's delicious. Keep going, love. Ask your question."
- Caitlin Moran
"Yes, Sherlock," the older man smirked, beyond chuffed, "yes we can. Uh...yeah. My leg. Alright, listen, love. You want to scoot that gorgeous bum over here...no, don't stop," John groaned as his love stilled. "Come 'ere, you git, keep scooting towards me, forward and up." John playfully slapped at Sherlock's upper thigh, giggling, "Up, up!" The gorgeous git gaped, unclear about John's ultimate game plan.
"If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore." - Sigmund Freud
**************
John's breath caught in his throat.
Sherlock’s left hand calmly rose up and cupped his right fist, optimizing his arm's strength and stability. Head cocked and eyes flashing, the consultant morphed from a fish into a malnourished and malevolent bird of prey.
The truth of it was, the toast was abysmal. If John hadn't clattered into the kitchen whilst the bread popped up in the toaster, well. The doctor envisioned his mad flatmate browning the stuff with a blowtorch. Apparently, Sherlock preferred his toast... extra crispy.
came spilling out, John thought he might just spontaneously combust. "Nnngh," he whined, "take a good look at me, sweetheart. Do you see? Do you see what I'm doing? Do you know?" He'd slicked up two fingers, circling them around the perimetre of his furl. "Watch me, Sherlock," the doctor laid it on thick, quite literally. "It feels sooo good, baby, the way your fingers tickle. You're teasing me, yeah? Naughty, naughty, being so slow."
They both knew that penance eventually must be paid, the cost for which being extraordinarily dear. Mycroft desperately worried about Sherlock.
hurry up, before the toast gets soggy."
"Fuck!" the little man barked from inside the depths of his jumper. "It's fine. It's all fine." Peering from under his sweat-dampened fringe, he said "Sherlock, you're just being you. I'm a bit cut up at the moment, 'ts alright." He straightened up. "Carry on, Greg. Let's get this bloody thing over with, shall we please?" John yanked his jumper from it's resting place over his nose.
John thought bleakly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Greg gets more from his consultant than asked for...or wanted. Sherlock experiences the more of the same.
Also, pillows. Enough with the pillows!
Okay, what the hell. This was supposed to be smut, but my mind keeps kicking John's arse. It will get there, I swear.
losing his temper. Another gift from dear old Dad.
you as much as I can. I think," he giggled hysterically, and then hiccuped. His stomach hurt from the strength of the spasm. "My brains could be a stand-in for a nice Christmas pudding right about now."
"Sherlock!" John bawled, fighting against his body to get his words out. "It's not what you think. I'm not...Please," he all but choked, coughing until red in the face. "It's not because of you that I - ". And again, another paralyzing bout of gagging frustrated John's efforts to explain. "Fuck!"
you are beautiful to me," John evinced, "Even when you act like a dick." The belated attempt for some levity fell flat, each word hanging loud in the silence. Swallowing hard, John proceeded to step two. His small but strong hands cautiously, carefully reached out. It felt imperative to comfort his lover.
The small man fought to regain self-control even as he hunkered over the toilet. John had never, ever felt so ashamed in his life, which was saying something. Really.
John felt his lover's eyes settle onto his face, scorching as the Afghanistani sun. He instinctively lowered his head.
"Yes, John," Sherlock mumbled back, rather muffled. "I believe position #5 is superior to the other four, do you agree?"
"Come 'ere them, love. We can do it together." The doctor reached for Sherlock's belt, cautiously unhooking the buckle. Still alright, sweetheart?" he murmured, soft eyed and loving.
"Oh, do sit down and stop whingeing," Sherlock barked. "I'm
John momentarily flashed back to that night, the very hour that Sherlock returned from the dead. He'd pulled a Lazarus, flaunted his brilliance, immediately re-opening the wound in John's heart. The detective's blithe "Great Reveal" froze John solid, soul stiffening into a state of glaciation. Crystalized ice replaced the blood in his veins. It wasn't one of the detective's more tactful deeds in his very long list of faux pas.
"It is a frightening thought that man also has a shadow side to him, consisting not just of little weaknesses- and foibles, but of a positively demonic dynamism." - Carl G. Jung
"Nous sommes tous deux émotionnellementépuisés au-                 delà de toute réparation, et pourla vie de moi, je ne sais pas quoi faire. Ich will dich nackt in diesem Bett halten undnie wieder rauskommen.     Indiferent ces  a întâmplat și cât de mult am fost răniți,vom fi mereu unul cu celălalt. Você  é meu e eu sou seu. Não importa o queaconteceu e o quanto fomos feridos, seremossempre um com o outro. Kan jy lei wat om te doen? Ek is 'n genie op sobaie maniere, maar met sentiment is ek niemeer as 'n kind."
A ruined lunar landscape had been gouged into Sherlock's pale, pristine, perfect body. Both shoulders and the length of his back were peppered by gnarled, looping tendrils of collagen and small craters. Long, wire-thin bands of raised flesh ringed his ribs like a belt. A constellation of healed cigarette (and other) burns crossed Sherlock's flanks. Tract marks blanketed his forearms. There wasn't one swath of skin left unmolested. He was afraid to find out how much damage had been perpetrated by Sherlock's own hand, and wasn't quite sure which was worse.
"I might still have a bit of Ibuleve gel...I'll have to look. That should ease your pain. Also, no pants until tomorrow. Just air out your bum for the evening - just...just put on a dressing gown if you plan on moving about. Use the new one, it'll be gentler on your skin." John's cheeks burned hot at the thought of sensitive skin. The sensitive skin on Sherlock's behind. He hoped he hadn't turned red as well. Sherlock might think John was affected by his nudity. No. Nonsense. Sherlock didn't think that way. And besides, he was strictly heterosexual. Everyone knew that.
They drove a circle around the city, and then through it, even the seedier parts. Despite his earlier protestations, Sherlock detailed the events of the prior three years; the one exception being the new developments he'd shared with John. He had to hand it to Greg.
Stretching out his arms once again, Sherlock ranted, volume rising. "That's just it, John. I don't have the words, the aptitude, the talent for proper interpersonal communication. That's why I couldn't tell you, why I could never tell you!" he finished up with a howl.
Oh, you know I will.
"Do you know...Christ," Greg snickered, "Forgot that, stupid question. Do you know that I'm actually jealous of you, you lucky bastard? All I have is a slag of an ex-wife, and cold empty flat to come home to. What you two, you and him," Lestrade jerked his thumb up at the shuttered second-storey windows, "have is unique. I've never seen a bloke as loyal to another person as John is." Greg shook his index finger in Sherlock's face. "And don't you for one bloody second think that I never figured out who shot Jeff Hope."
An indefinite stretch of time later, John snuffled wetly and calmed. He took stock. He was disgustingly soggy and snotty, sticky face pressed up against Sherlock's long neck. What's worse, his lower half plagued him as well, legs confined as they were under Sherlock's.
It was
"Nearly there, love...can you feel me pulsing?" John gasped. He jerked his head, clearing the burning sweat from his eyes. "Are you as well? Sherlock? Fuck! Are you close?"
"Believe me when I tell you, John, that what you're doing for me is not harmful." Sherlock met his flatmate's blue eyes with his own. The detective's eyes were so bloodshot John briefly wondered if his lover had gotten high whilst wandering the streets. No, no evidence of that, thank God. "I know what it is to be intentionally hurt. I experienced more... pain, agony, what have you, than I thought was physically possible to suffer and still live."
was bilingual, so evidently Sherlock
like food and a jug of semi-skimmed. Holy
"Sherlock," John soothed. He reached up to swipe moisture from his lover's cheeks. "Sherlock. Sherlock.
"Every line, every mark, every track mark and divot, and..."
"Catharsis...the process of reducing or eliminating a complex by recalling it to conscious awareness and allowing it to be expressed." Sigmund Freud and Josef Breuer, "Studies on Hysteria"
Sherlock was at the head of the chase, feet splashing wildly in the torrential downpour. He swung to the right with an elegant flourish of fancy footwork and pinwheeling arms, spun around street corner, and disappeared from John's sight.
This will probably be edited again after posting. I just wanted to get moving on the story.
would feel in Sherlock's situation. But, who the hell knew what Sherlock was feeling? The man remained an enigma. He hid his true nature, whatever it might be, behind a veil made of sarcasm and wit. Sometimes, though, some
However, the John saved Sherlock the effort. His eyes popping wide, he spat out the fingers with an obscene popping of his lips. "More!" the little man demanded. "I am very thirsty and you..." a snorting giggle crinkled John's adorable nose, "you taste good."
John was most definitively telling the truth; or, at least the truth as he saw it. John wasn't repelled by his body. John Watson saw him as sexy, and brilliant, and...fuck. He took up his ministrations, and the doctor growled out a robust thank you in relief. "I think," John heaved breathlessly, "that it is time to stop talking, and to put my money where my mouth is."
expect a statement from you. Paperwork awaits us all." Lestrade unbuttoned his jacket and yanked it off his body. "It's sodding hot in here! How can you stand it with that," he flipped a hand at the Belstaff, "thing all the time?"
"Hello, dearest," giggled the doctor. "Christ, where the hell are you? You look like you fell into the 6th circle of Hell, and got stuck." His beautiful blue eyes narrow, he continued, "And what's with the lighting? Are you in a dark room - or a tanning spa? I thought that you wanted to do this at the Yard."
Frankly, it didn't matter that in all certainty the bastards had long ago been turned into worm food. Dollars to doughnuts, Mycroft had executed very specific orders in this case, pun absolutely intended. No, what mattered was that his gorgeous, brilliant boyfriend
Without further ado, the doctor shoved the dildo up his arse. He bucked, pumping his hips with abandon. An endless stream of swear words left his lips, a miasma of salacious demands. He fairly screamed as Sherlock upped the vibrator's intensity. The detective could easily hear it now, though buried deep in the core of John's body. The toy droned fiercely, a furious reverberation of swarming, sex-crazed bees.
"Oi. Enough of that," the doctor wheezed between giggles, conscious of his lover's ever-present vanity.  "I think you look cute." John drew Sherlock's hands from his head, and cradled them up in his own. "To be truthful, love, I feel honoured to see you this way. I've been invited into your 'inner sanctum'." John made finger quotes. "Trust me now, do you? Finally. After all this time, I find out that all I ever had to do was drop my pants."
Sherlock," John heard himself squeaking, not the most promising start. Clearing his throat, John struggled to voice his convictions in an manner that would dispel any and all of of Sherlock's doubts. "Please. Please love, trust that I'm telling you the truth. Each of these marks represents your strength, your power, your
the change-up to the bed would be easier, but goddamn, I want you in me deeper. It's not going to happen like...
"Take care, John," she called from the window before the car pulled away.
you just said that. Tell me you just didn't say that!"
"Let me. My brain is tired. I only hope that the words were clear in their meaning.
A single tear spilled over the planes of the detective's face. "I can't. John, I just..." He forced bitter bile down his throat. "My body is ruined. It's dis..."
The doctor gave a gentle snort of agreement. "Seriously, I never suspected you had issues with sentiment." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Ahhh...yeah, for that matter, so is the word 'fine', or 'well', or other any such ridiculous term. Please don't say that you're very well, or doing just fine, thank you very much. I'll be forced to brew you weak tea."
Angst and harsh confessions, ahh...just in time for Thanksgiving with my family...LOL
Although, to be fair to himself, the last few years had been...difficult.
"One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful." - Sigmund Freud
“What progress we are making. In the Middle Ages they would have burned me. Now they are content with burning my books.” Sigmund Freud*
Love you whenever we're together,
"Your 'pathetic excuse for a brother' was the bloke who cared for John after you died!" Lestrade protested hotly. "Don't you get it? This isn't about
Ori Hay, 1 ,* Gali Dar, 2 Janan Abbas, 3 Dan Stein, 1 Hila May, 1 Youssef Masharawi, 4 Nathan Peled, 5 and Israel Hershkovitz 1
"Words and magic were in the beginning one and the same thing." - Sigmund Freud
Also, kind readers, I am incredibly sorry that this chapter took so stinking long to post. I've had a month-long brain fart. I NEED A BETA!!!! I have re-written this so many times it is ridiculous.
Mycroft's injuries could have been worse. In fact, they
Lestrade swore into his mug upon seeing this, and risked a small sip of its contents. After John's comment he'd been wary; but yet, the drink seemed safe enough. In fact, it was a smooth and deliciously rounded bourbon. Greg downed the rest in one go, for a bit of the old liquid courage.
John nursed the ice until it was gone, giving on last swallow of relief. Sherlock sat still, a deer in the headlights. John, wallowing in drug-induced euphoria, continued laving his friend's fingers with relish.
John's hand stuck like glue to Sherlock's head, going along for the ride.
"Jesus," John groaned. "That was far more difficult that it should have been. Sherlock, can you look at me, please?" Sherlock blinked wildly and bit his bottom lip hard. Two seconds later, a small bead of red blood trickled down from under his clenched teeth. "Oh, love! Bloody... Jesus, Sherlock!" Giving up all hope of having a rational and reassuring conversation, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held tight.
the little man nodded. "Yes. Of course the scars upset me. They enraged me! I can't imagine -
Joy and amusement instantly lapsed into flustered apprehension.
John reached down past his left hip, fumbling about for Sherlock's second, more lascivious of presents. He bumped the base of the vibrator with his fingers, ah...success. Unfortunately, the 8-inch long silicone sex toy didn't submit easily, slipping out of the doctor's slick covered hand. "Shit! Hang on, love. I just - " Sherlock watched bemusedly whilst John twisted clumsily to his left, nearly losing his balance. The detective could only speculate on John's motives, as his head and most of his upper half moved out of the viewfinder's range.
John saw Sherlock squinting at his watch, and tilted it so he could read the time. "Hmm, I'm impressed. I slept much longer than I normally do. I find your presence in my bed a to be a potent soporific."
Sherlock inhaled, pursing his lips to blow the air out in a soft, even stream. Steady
Rubbing his lover's back was a surreal experience. John encircled Sherlock's body as best he was able, stroking the whole of his person. This: false, silicone skin enveloping an expansive plain of ruined flesh. The elastomer blended perfectly, color married to color... even the hue of the nipples reflected the pink of his lips. If Sherlock hadn't raised up one portion, the mock skin wouldn't have registered at all. Except, when John's hands touched his body. It's cool, hairless surface radiated none of Sherlock's true warmth. Whilst smooth, it maintained a barely-there drag of friction when caressed by the (real) skin of his fingers.
Employing keen blue-green eyes, Sherlock searched the convoluted landscape until he found what he most dreaded...two state-of-the-art CCTV cameras bolted to light poles, both within 200 ft. of his position. "Sodding hell," he muttered, smarting under his breath. "Dear brother
"John. The thing that I have to say is...not easy for me to say. I am repeating myself...dull, yes?" Sherlock snorted with self-derision.
, that feels amazing, darling. Do it again, please!"
"'kay...just get
"Shut up Sherlock, just - shut up." The doctor's words rang with pained, yet patent affection. His small hands cupped Sherlock's cheeks. "I am just really, really relieved... fuck... that you told me the truth. Christ, love," John muttered, hands reaching back to cradle his lover's skull. "What you endured would break anyone! Being brilliant isn't some sort of panacea against torture." The men simultaneously cringed, recalling Sherlock's week of agony.
Maybe not. John curled down, lathing over his glans and loose foreskin. Thrusting forward (pun intended), John whispered his thoughts between teasing light licks and wee kisses. Sherlock spared a few brain cells to deduce that John must look like a man speaking into a microphone. He couldn't help it, he snickered. "Testing...testing..."
of Greg's fingers.
"Jesus, Sherlock!" John floundered, barely aware Sherlock had spoken. "I have absolutely no sodding idea what we are really talking about here," he bobbed his hand back and forth between their bodies. "It's making me crazy! So, yeah. What did you mean just now with this whole "love, regard... highest esteem" business," John made exaggerated air quotes with his fingers. The detective flushed. "Please elaborate. Otherwise, I'm just going to haul my sorry arse up the stairs and pass out - hopefully whilst not
And I will sing a lullaby."
"Yeah, right. I'll try not to let the door hit me on the way out." Lestrade moved around Sherlock and into the surgery.
John berated himself. Sherlock's eyes sharpened on John's face in hopes of deducing his thoughts.
Do not cry
If he gave the commercial-grade fish slice* a go ("It's for an experiment, John!"), a tool ordinarily wielded to scrape egg off the burners...he just might manage to snag it. John ordered a full company retreat. Pulling his hand out of his pants, he adjusted his poor penis and sighed. Back to business.
Fake Sherlock smirked.
Do you need me to move?"
*********
"But you were," the detective snapped, more at himself than at John. "And, don't even bother with lying. You know I can tell when you lie, your true feelings are written all over your face. In fact, you'd make such an atrocious criminal, even
"Nothing in my life has ever made me want to commit suicide more than people's reaction to my trying to commit suicide." - Emilie Autumn
The case itself Sherlock rated as a pedestrian lower-level Three, another mind-numbing domestic gone wrong. Nevertheless, the wife's innovative method of slaughtering of her spouse was galvanizing enough to spur the detective interest. Besides, Sherlock's endless claustrophobic whingeing raised John's hackles, which triggered Sherlock's permanently ingrained paranoia. He'd quickly deduced that Lestrade might be facing a second domestic murder if Sherlock kept up mothering his lover.
"Now I," John panted, between hot, sloppy kisses, "Am going to tell you why you are so beautiful to me, and you, my dear, are going to shut up and listen."
"My real skin, not this fucking simulacrum," Sherlock's teeth flashed as he spoke, triggering unpleasant recollections of Baskerville. As well as this, John was off-put by Sherlock's use of foul language. Sherlock hardly ever swore. He felt cursing was base; profanity only being good for catch-all expressions, a crutch for morons suffering from a limited vocabulary.
Sherlock smeared the muck on the side of the bed with a moue of distaste. When he turned back, his mouth had softened into a smile. "I'm already lucky. I have you. What's perchance to come next is icing on the cake." He positioned himself strategically, arsehole hovering directly over John's restless cock. "You've copulated many times before. As such, you should advance us to the next step in the process." Although his words were meant to be clinical, Sherlock's face reflected an odd mix of desperation and nerves.
The man who'd survived starvation, prolonged torture, self-mutilation, and relapse buried his head under the duvet, weeping the tears of the damned.
"John!"
I need a fix 'cause I'm going down
He lay buried in rubble, along with the rest of the surgery.
Moving on.
"Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable...Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites...for the healing of individual victims." - Sigmund Freud
The small man wondered, although not really concerned at this point, if he'd dislodged one of the screws (or two) from the bone.
The genius nodded, embarrassed. His face turned a ruddy shade of pink.
that substance growing under the tub? I put my arm under that thing for you."  He smirked in wry amusement, although wearied beyond all reason. "You're shirking your duty as house physician."
Sherlock blanched at the word "destroyed".
"Yes, a sudden shock can and will upset the average person's gastrointestinal tract and thereby trigger a bout of nausea, but no. Something else," Sherlock deduced. He peered down at John and crinkled his nose. "Did you - oh, yes. Oh, John, now I see."
An sense of disquiet permeated the room, tension practically emanating from the two detectives' pores. Their eyes met. John watched in increasing frustration as they carried out a furious, yet wordless debate. "Hey!" the doctor sniped, framing his face with his hands. "Eyes on me, you bloody berks! Remember me, the gammy-leg git who was confided - wait - uhm, con
people, John. I stalked them, and killed them! I
Lestrade shifted forward unconsciously. "John. It's for the best, even if it's hard."
Sex. A lot of sex. Did I mention sex? And I am SO sorry that I took so long to post. I went through a ridiculous number of re-writes. And I got a new job. Aaaannnd...I spent a week in bed with influenza A. In case anyone was wondering, yes, I did get the flu vaccine. Anyway. I hope you all enjoy.
"No, it's not. It's fine, really," John smirked. "You know what I always say, yeah?" He opened his mouth and together, they said, "It's all good." The detective's words came out croaky, but strong. John fought the temptation to giggle, knowing that it would come across more hysterical than amused.
Sherlock - peeling skin like a banana. Well, something that very much
John felt Sherlock's rock-hard cock insistently nudging against his pelvis. He had to take a look. It bobbed and jerked, deep fuschia in color, playing peek-a-boo between the tails of his shirt. John thrust until his cock bumped up flush with against Sherlock's. They both groaned in ecstasy.
Stuttering to a halt, John swiveled around to goggle at his lover. "Really? The Great Sherlock Holmes, making tea?" He made as if to stagger and lose his balance in shock. "You're kidding, right? Trying to lighten the mood?"
"I...right. yes, indeed," Sherlock murmured, shame-faced.
"Dear god. Alert the Yard," the detective chuckled. "This is serious. We'll be out of milk for ages!"
"I counter that assertion with fact, dearest. The average height of men whose geneological heritage is linked to the British Isles is approximately 175.3 cm. As you are fully aware,
John had better forget.
Lestrade had concluded his meager run-down by the time they pulled in to Whitfield Park. The Manchester file was paltry, leaving the NSY starting from scratch. Greg only hoped that Sherlock's talent at reading crime scenes might offer enough of a lead to locate and rescue all three. Raising his arms, the DI scrubbed weathered hands over his bleary eyes. Sherlock looked...
Let's get it on...
"Yes....quite. But of course. If you should need anything - "
Another thunk sounded, closely followed by a string of extraordinary eloquent curse words. Both men recoiled in alarm, but not from the profanity itself. It was the rage underlying John's filth that sent the men's hearts to racing.
Sherlock's face fell. He turned about like a man in great pain, and reached down to pick up his chair. The detective stiffly sat down and wrung his huge hands. "Oh, John. What have I done?"
In vain, John struggled to remove his jeans.
Lestrade shot Sherlock an inscrutable look, eyebrows raised. "You might be surprised, my friend, to hear all of the things I've held dear from Your Lordship."
"Yes, John?" Sherlock paused in the act of rising from the bed.
Sherlock's delusions kept him alive. He came home to be with Real John.
A desperate whimper escaped Sherlock. He threw himself to John's side, panting roughly. "Yes, John, oh...I...yes. I'm afraid, however, that I - ." He bowed down and away in embarrassment. "I want to have you and
Aaand...that's it. Whew. On to finish five shorter, half-written stories and the planning of another epic work. Thanks for staying, I love hearing that people enjoyed this!
"Do for me what you did for Sherlock," the little man choked. "Sherlock's right, the bloody tosser. He's always right." He snuffled wetly against his thighs, making his jeans uncomfortably damp.
his infernally oversensitive transport! Sherlock, sweating buckets, balanced on his knees atop John's hips. He had writhed in anxiety upon feeling John's gentle probing, yet his lover's index finger hardly breached his anus.
"Best to get it over, don't you think?" Sherlock soothed whilst continuing to squeeze at John's legs. "Re-establishing your legs' blood flow will smart, irregardless of the length of time it takes. Breathe slowly, and ride it out. The manipulation of your tissues will diminish the time of discomfort."
the steps, mind."
" Beads of perspiration popped from his pores, a purely visceral response. "Christ, John! That's so -
misbehaved, he himself would keep hold of what control he'd maintained - and exercise it, fight to stay strong.
The doctor shifted his arse side-to-side until he found a comfortable position on the mattress. Neither man spoke whilst Sherlock shucked his rubberized vest. John fought the urge to look away. The sight was reminiscent of interminably long patrols in the sun, where curled, dried-up snake skins caught on the laces of your boots.
In the low light, the detective's torso was flawless. Sherlock twisted deliberately to his left, than his right, allowing John to inspect him. It was impossible to tell where Sherlock ended and silicone began. Bemused, the little man squinted, scanning his lover's long body. Whomever Mycroft had contracted to create this illusion must have been a miracle worker. John merely shook his head, befuddled. His dark eyes flipped back up to Sherlock's in confusion.
Greg ignored Sherlock's puss face and sallied forth with his argument. He raised one weathered finger for each point. "So. Let's look at what we're dealing with. An authentically clever serial killer, a mounting list of victims, a seriously depressing lack of witnesses, not
"Yeah, of course I do. I'd prefer that these horrible things never happened to you in the first place!" John felt his blood pressure skyrocket to where his ankle throbbed in tandem with his heart. Gripping his hair, John tried again. "Sorry...sorry...I shouldn't have raised my voice like that. I'm not angry, really."
It was a slow process, this: the unveiling of a body cast into hell. John remained silent and intent whilst Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt. The doctor blanched when he realized how close his lips had come to touch Sherlock's... Christ, Sherlock's "vest". John's practiced eye spotted the junction where true skin met silicone; roughly, where the third costal cartilage began. Surely, he'd been lost in the moment, for Sherlock to let John kiss down his chest in the first place. Two more inches, and John's tongue would have touched artificial skin. Time hung in stasis between them; the room, a little bubble in time.
Your song will fill the air.
Within a week, he depended on its presence. The specter offered both medical and tactical advice, each time his information sound. If Sherlock felt poorly, it whispered words of friendly encouragement. If low, it dealt snarky one-liners, or joked about thumbs in the fridge. When Sherlock wondered why he couldn't just
been here before. Nothing helped. Time and patience, that was all.Time and patience.
"Mmmmm,"
"Christ, what a bloody lark this has turned out to be," Sherlock mused. "Here we are, two grown men on the floor of the loo."
Sherlock, as always, was right; Dr. John Watson's logic was faulty.
Sherlock paused.
John Watson. He kept Gregory Lestrade sane.
"Christ, Sherlock.
Laughing, John said, "I am
Sherlock abstained from self-scrutiny on general principle, understanding that he wouldn't care much for what he saw. Ignoring the damage one left in one's wake made life so much easier to bear. Now, though. Now that he
The equation was simple. One bloody deep pothole plus one pitch-black alley minus one consulting arsehole equals the fracturing of a lateral fibula malleosus and tibia posterior malleosus. Killing two bones with one pothole?
you are!" Sherlock snapped. "You're as obvious to read as a sign post, John."
The strength and sheer quantity of semen erupting from their cocks completely validated Cobb's method. Upright low-dose digital biplanar x-rays, and three-dimensional analysis be damned.
Sherlock is a bit of a douche. Yeah, I said it.
And waited.
"So, Sherlock, shall we take this to bed? I'm dead knackered. Christ, you must be, too. I need...I need a cuddle, my dear man. I hope that doesn't sound trite to a genius."
"Hello?
Greg would rather lose a testicle rather than report to parents whose children had suffered.
"John, you there, mate?" Lestrade called out, sounding like he was suffering from a hell of a head cold. Sherlock flashed the DI a dirty look, but Greg ignored him and pushed past, decisively flicking on the lights. He spied the doctor's right foot jutting out from the side of his low chair. Interesting. John sat with his back to the telly, although, the word "slumped" would serve better in this case. He'd sunk so low that Lestrade couldn't see his head above the chair back, or even the silvery blond tips of his hair. Obviously asleep, then, but why was the telly on if he wasn't in a position to see the screen?
Laughing hysterically, John caught him, wrestling the mad wanker back up by the back of his shirt. "Come here, you great lout, and get that delicious arse back on top of me!"
John nimbly secured both of Sherlock's arms in a firm, but compassionate grip, pinioning him to the bed. "Stop it now," he scolded. "You need to stay here, with me, on this bed." Like a heat-seeking missile, he swiftly honed in on those plush, perfect lips and landed a fiery kiss.
And, a doctor. He was a professional. Treating his patient. Treating a strikingly gorgeous patient for whom he happened to feel very... affectionate about.
John has loose lips under the influence of heavy pain meds
I played with the format FOREVER but I guess that different languages use different styles of formatting. The paragraph where Sherlock waxes poetic in five different languages is probably going to look really weird.
"Perhaps you're right," Sherlock muses, running both thumbs over the edge of his collar. "I'm five years younger, after all, and a thousand times more intelligent. Hell, I'm a hottie, to boot. Sod off, John, I don't need you."
An angst-o-rama, folks. I have absolutely no idea why this story took the direction it did, I really don't. Perhaps I should seek psychoanalysis.
John ventured back, plopping back down in exhaustion. "Mind that you take a hard look at the bottom before you dare drink, mate. Sherlock's not picky about what containers he uses for experiments." He seemed more relaxed since he'd taken a breather. "Sherlock? Are you okay?"
"In the small matters trust the mind, in the large ones the heart." - Sigmund Freud
www.arlingtonortho.com/conditions/foot-and-ankle/foot-and-ankle-ankle-fracture-surgery/
**********
Sherlock didn't immediately answer, arm jammed under the legs of the tub, head pressed to the side. "Ah ha!" he crowed. "Found it."
“Memory repression thrives in shame, secrecy, and shock." -Renee Fredrickson*
"Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways." - Sigmund Freud
A quick glance at John informed his he'd transformed into the bad-arse, mother-fucking fusilier/very good front-lines doctor that had first intrigued him way back when. And yet, belying his electric gaze, John gently reached over and slipped both his hands into Sherlock's, palm to palm. A flood of adoration pumped through his veins, John's capable hands locked with his.
OOOOOOKKKKAAAAAYYYY...AO3 is trying to kill me. I keep trying to update but not post, and AO3 just reaaallly wants to post my unfinished chapter. So. FINE. After three attempts to edit without posting, I am giving up and posting little bits at a time over the next two days. Sorry.
"Christ, that sounds ominous," John grinned. "Alright, I'm all ears. It's not like I'll be going anywhere soon."
John felt the slow rise to consciousness as an increase in his level of pain. Snuffling, he peered into the luminous glow of his watch. Half three, bloody hell. Turning, he startled as he spied Sherlock's own luminous eyes opened and observant, meeting his. "Jesus, Sherlock. Have you been up all this time?"
Sherlock's entire body commenced to tremble. "Oh bloody hell, Sherlock," Greg groaned. "It's all a mess, and only time is going to fix it. Life's going to be hard for a while,
Sherlock was going to have to deal.
"But what, love?" More nonsensical crooning.
Why has no one ever thought to ask this of Sherlock? And, there lies the gist of my plot - one broken ankle, plus one broken man. Lots of sex. Interesting.
"I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time." - Anna Freud
"Stop it, Sherlock," John pressed, "don't... leave. You told me you love me and I'm not letting you go." He jammed the heels of his small hands into his light-deprived eyes. The pressure triggered a cloud of psychedelic whorls spinning across the surface of his eyelids. Disoriented, John pulled away, blinking hard to erase the pesky phosphenes.
Sherlock startled. With the turmoil of the past two days - had it really been only two days? - he'd not stopped to reflect upon John's own situation. True, his lover *
"Bastard!" John twisted, catching the last sliver of white skin ere it vanished. He pricked his ears in horror, tracking Sherlock's path by his crashing up the stairs two-by-two. "Mrs. Hudson! Think of Mrs. Hudson!" He smashed his face into sweated soaked linens, his face brightening from pink to fierce, blazing crimson. "Ergh, you're going to give her a stroke!"
wasn't into buggering men. The thought of kissing Lestrade made John squeamish, even if the DI was quite fit. Nor Sholto, or Murray, or Stamford, or any other other the men that he’d met.
"Smoking is indispensable if one has nothing to kiss." Sigmund Freud
As for Gavin...
have no purpose, then how did my meeting you change anything? I'm no George Clooney," he chuckled without much mirth. "And I am certainly no Stephen Hawking. I can't possibly be what you want in a mate - I mean, uhm, romantic partner? Booty call... friend with benefits...partner in squash? Flatmate who folds socks?" He groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. The only sounds in the room were the poppings of sap from the fire.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Lestrade first crossed paths with Sherlock, he was flying higher than a kite on Mt. Everest. His brain swam, or rather drowned, within a carefully calculated cocktail of chemicals. Sherlock preferred to shoot up, injecting a daily regimen of heroin, cocaine, morphine, and on the occasions that he sank deeper into his malaise, a splash of Fentanyl. He was like a single brilliant-green olive, sinking to the bottom of the glass. To Greg, the baby-faced genius was something out of a Charles Dickens novel; malnourished, mistreated, and adrift in an ill-favored life.
Also, AO3 won't let me underline in this text box, so just assume that I knew that I was supposed to underline the book titles. Also, the dates for each work are a bit dodgy, depending on the veracity of each website.
John and Sherlock, together.
John scrambled, then picked it up.
to the flat like a cripple?"
The doctor jammed the second crutch under his arm. He paused after taking one step. A colorful array of words exploded from his mouth, none of them suitable for polite conversation. The spandex wrap's upper metal clasp dangled precariously, hanging from two of its four toothy tines. As if aware of an audience, the damned bloody clasp plunged to the floor with a somersault triple twist and bounced under the bath. Wide, stretchy beige ribbon sprang loose and slowly unwound off his leg. Sentiments spilled with a spray of fine spittle that would drive even the devil to tears.
Sally wiped the smirk off her face and crouched down to take a better look at the man. "Are you alright? The paramedics should be here shortly." She evaluated John's condition, noting the pallor of his cheeks, sweaty brow, and shaking hands.
At any rate, at this precise moment, Sherlock stood squirreled away in a dank, dark, and dusty storage closet at the Yard. Fuck paperwork. The four-by-eight foot cubicle conveyed every appearance of being abandoned. As the detective picked open the lock, chips of rust flaked over his coat cuffs. Intolerable, yet infinitely transcendent for Sherlock's deviant designs. Well, yes and no. The detective attempted to ignore the fetid assault of odours as he cracked the door open. His nose identified several disparate types of mould, notably penicillium chrysogenum, aspergillus fumigatus, and aspergillus versicolor. Dangerous to the unhealthy. He should be safe. However, nauseating as the spores were, the Zep Hard Surface Sanitizer dribbled across the lino sent Sherlock's nose crying foul.
Translucent lime-green eyes grew hazy, the coloured irises a narrow ring around their pupils. Sherlock's fingers probed as his hips rotated unconsciously. He wailed abruptly, his head thrown back with a jerk. "Oh! Oh,
"Yeah, I did," John barked. "Maybe I wasn't willing to wait for you to come get me when it was
of you, I don't know
The sodding boot was infernally, detestably hot.
"Sherlock?"
"Yeah," John blurted in too loud a volume, "right."
The flat sat oddly still after the cock up with the couch. John snorted, partially amused but for the most part shook up. Too much had happened in too short a time for him to process. And, now that his git of a flatmate was off running fool's errands (himself being said fool), the pain erupted in spades. He was back to square one until provisions arrived.
The game was
The Beatles
The detective's mammoth hand had maintained it's grip, absently kneading John's bum. Without another word, the doctor threaded own his arm under Sherlock's and grabbed one round cheek in his hand. Much to his horror, Sherlock let fly an extremely cute, very high-pitched squeak. "My God, man, your arse cheeks are bigger than cantaloupes!"
"All of it. He's heard every disgusting and despicable detail. I didn't leave anything out," Sherlock muttered, "and neither did I just now, with you.  How delightful. The next time you two meet up at the pub, you can run through every gory detail."
Normally, I'd be the last person to say this, but I'm fucking terrified."
It bears repeating. Not everyone hates to repeat themselves. John Hamish Watson liked sex. *
John shook his head. "Please," he tilted one side of his mouth, "unless you plan to sit on my lap."
The DI performed a cursory check of the sitting room, Sherlock's quarters felt vacant as well. Lestrade tromped through the door of the kitchen and was met with a psychological slap in the face. There sat his quarry, still as statues in a long-ago deserted graveyard. Neither man acknowledged his presence. "Hey, mates," he said, not so much a greeting as a question. He knew that Sherlock would read the concern in his voice. Pushing further into the smallish space felt like muscling through blackstrap molassas.
Something, somewhere had to give - before he did. The elder Holmes despised legwork for more than the actual
John yanked himself back to the present. "Sherlock, love," he crooned. "Come on. Let's get it over with. I don't want to make light of the situation, but this is like when you have to rip off a plaster. Will you do it slow, or get it over with in one go?"
Slowly, so slowly, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John. They clung together, two men awash in the sea. "Please, Sherlock," he breathed, "let me touch you. Let me love you this way, let me in." John held his breath, the grinding gears of Sherlock's brain practically audible. Finally, eventually, he gave an infinitesimal nod.
Later on, penance involved using implements smaller than bridges. John's hands ran across the evidence; Sherlock's personal version of Cuneiform etched via razor. Scalpel-thin scars, either cross-hatched or singular, drafting historical record. The scars spelled out
For fuck's sake, he'd held his job now for some nine-odd years, he should be capable of handling a crisis, Sherlock's crises in particular. Lord knows, he'd handled so many of them before John came along; Sherlock much preferred him over Mycroft. Lestrade dealt with many a cock-up for the visibly strung-out, distinctly unwashed, twenty-something genius consultant. That is, before John came.
Come exploded from Sherlock's purpled glans, gaining new heights.
"John! John, wake up! It's okay!" Sherlock snapped, shaking himself free of his reverie. John gave no response other than to increase the intensity of his thrashing. Sherlock groaned, slapping a hand to his forehead. He knew from hard won experience (and several deep purple bruises) that waking John via touch was not on.
Rather, not as yet." Sherlock stared agog, observing Lestrade double back on his tracks. "Look. For Christ's sake, Lestrade! Take the
"Influenza is caused by a virus."
"Actually, I've finished up. Child's play, really. I shall head out as soon as feasibly possible. However," he eyed the additional mess on the floor. "I've been debating the propriety of leaving without first straightening up. Nevertheless, upon further considerations, I feel that my ejaculate adds a sense of sophistication to this previously pedestrian filth. I'll leave the floor it stands and not tarry."
Hi! If anyone is interested, or really bored, or both:
"Show me," John said, deliberately modulating his tone, hoping to sound soothing and gentle. This, not surprisingly, took an enormous dint of will. John certainly didn't feel genial or at ease. A razor-sharp spike of vindictive fury rent his heart, hot rage coursing through his veins like a poison. John itched to annihilate those fucking bastards, those -
“Those who have eyes to see and ears to hear will soon convince themselves that mortals cannot hide any secret.”
John swallowed a flood of hot bile. Moving on. "The restoration took a very long time, of course. Painstaking work, that. Only able to work on small portions at a time. The glaze had cracked, see. Bits were at risk of flaking off. The process was quite arduous, or so my aunt said. Aunt Cecilia. Do you know, she had blue hair?" John snickered. "Crazy old bat."
You were only waiting for this moment to arise.
right, Sherlock. There's no playbook for kissing or whatever else that we end up doing." John wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. Sherlock grinned, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
desperate decisions. Kill or be killed, yeah? You were fighting to save all our lives."
Finally, Mallorie - or Marjorie, had secured the long, flapping cuffs with a thick roll of beige spandex wrap. She'd even sunk the toothed metal clasps on both ends, finishing with a flourish and a tiny "Ta-da...". John, ever obliging, raised up his hands to applaud. But now...no nurse, and six to eight weeks of this boot. He couldn't afford to cut up all his trousers. Marjorie
"Oi," Greg groaned, "there's the rub." As if to demonstrate, he rubbed at the back of his neck. A loud thump resonated from the hallway, disrupting his reverie. The DI stood up tall and poised for action, thumbing over the release of his gun holster. True, he was in the relative safety of a second-storey flat - but, this was the
"What?" Greg spluttered. "Sherlock, you know that what you said just now doesn't make any sense, yeah?" He turned to speak to John, then did a double-take at Sherlock. "Wait. I get it. I think. John can't tell you the stuff that he needs to because he can't." He shook his head to clear it. "Great. Now
John sobbed into his hands. "You are my everything, Sherlock! I love you, I love you so much! Why would you choose to go alone?""
Humming, John nuzzled at Sherlock's perfect, long neck. "Hey," he said between nibbles, "So kiss me for real, you arse, you absolute nob. Do you know how long I've been wanting this?" John's hot tongue traced up the path of Sherlock's carotid artery, stopping to lave on his jaw.
Penis bobbling, Sherlock's thumb fumbled up against the screen. Frowning in disgust, he buffed the bottom half with his shirt sleeve. Better a stain on his shirt than a blood smear obstructing his view of his blogger's luscious bum. The FaceTime feature clicked on and connected. He fumbled, and turned on a second phone. He owned several makes of iPhone, just like Apple laptops. John said that they multiplied like rabbits.
"Enough, now," John murmured, daring to stroke Sherlock's cheek. "You know that I love you. I think you love me."
"Not bloody likely, yeah?" Lestrade snorted in amusement.
Still, John made for a terrible liar. His lovely, round face reflected both thoughts and emotion as clearly as reflections on a lake. So may it be, at some point John had learned how to dissemble, and he'd been too self-absorbed to notice.
Hot semen simultaneously shot out of Sherlock's cock, painting John's abdomen white. His eyes went wild, mouth stretched wide in a silent scream of ecstasy.
a freak, you are
John was not here, so he would have to make do. When needs must... Lestrade reached out and cuffed the back of Sherlock’s head. The sharp crack of his hand against that incredibly thick skull pierced the park’s eerie quiet like a gunshot. Caught completely off balance, because…really? Et tu, Lestrade? Sherlock's self-control imploded and he snapped. He'd survived for two horrid years running on brainpower, and more importantly, sheer primal instinct. Presented with possible betrayal by a trusted compatriot, Sherlock's lizard brain took charge and he bolted.
"And a short friend," John quipped.
"Yeah, oh
Also, looking for some constructive criticism. I've noticed that the kudos have pretty much stopped adding up. So here is the question. Is the storyline fizzing out, or are the same group of people reading the story? This story took such a weird direction, I really can't tell.
In minute increments, John lured Sherlock out of his head. "Easy. Easy, love...that's it." Sherlock's shivering gentled, yet it's place rose a litany of whimpers, harsh breathing and moans. John wasn't sure if this was a step forward in his lover's recovery, or simply a different manifestation of upset. He didn't identify either behavior as a normal one for Sherlock, hell,
foibles whilst you hide behind your frumpy wool jumpers?" Furiously hurt, and feeling cheated, Sherlock whirled and strode back in the kitchen. "Is this your idea of a game?"
Sherlock sat vigil, awash in remorse. John's situation had been of his making.
"Obvious. We talk about John."
(Crap, my phone is freaking out. I can't fix this)
"John," the detective choked out. He surreptitiously slid the whisky out of John's reach; but John wasn't so far gone as all that. "I have something to say."
Sorry this took so long to post. I was almost done, then decided that it wasn't where I really wanted the story to go. I scrapped the whole thing and started over.
, love, never at you." He threw his body back down hard on the bed.
accelerated too rapidly and razor-sharp elbow met John's tender gut
"Yes?"
One last thing - this is vaguely AU - set somewhere in Season 3. However, we all have to agree that John never married Mary. It neeevvvverrr happened. I wanted to write something silly and non-angsty.
familiar and intimate weaseled into John's conscious brain. Severe pain. The inability to function as required. The awareness of coming full-circle.
He could tell that John was close, both by the tightening of his arsecheeks and the sudden, desperate repetitive cries of "Sher...Sher...Sher..." And the doctor came, screaming into the nape of Sherlock's neck. Thirty seconds later Sherlock followed suit, his orgasm a silent scream of pleasure. John collapsed, skin on skin, skin on skin. Sex was great. Making love to Sherlock was transcendent.
"Nggghh..." the detective groaned, "I...I...Oh John I'm coming!" Semen ejected from his glans, spattering across the previously befouled cement floor. "God! Shit! John!" Sherlock had thrown his head so far back that John had an excellent view of his adam's apple.
He spied John poised, red-faced and furious, seething in the shade of the porte-cochère . Sherlock stepped cautiously over the wreckage into his bedroom. After all, he'd found he cared very little for splinters.
The men reclined on John's upstairs bed in deference to their landlady's request ("Honestly, boys. At my age..."). Actually, the statement isn't strictly accurate. The doctor sprawled out like a starfish, with his arse supported by the bottom right corner of the mattress. John's head lay cradled in a fluffy pillow, obviously brought up from downstairs. His  lower legs hung off of the bed, diminuitive feet scrabbling across the dry wooden floorboards. Tragically, the boot made the position excessively noisy, but one could only be so picky when there were only two venues to choose from. The sitting room was unarguably off-limits. ("Honestly, boys. At my age...")
**************
Sherlock shifted his weight, elbows braced on his knees. He peered down at the cooling last dregs of his tea, searching for the right thing to say. Too bad he wasn't a soothsayer. "It was barely six weeks into the mission when I experienced my first break with reality." Tipping the mug, he swallowed the bitter remains for courage. Once John's specter appeared, Sherlock explained, it trailed him incessantly. Two steps behind, at all times. Sometimes, he saw it's form darken, surfing in the wake of his own shadow. Now wasn't
Four minutes to go-time.
“Basically, what I’m trying to tell you is - what I’m trying to tell you is, that John - what I'm trying to tell you
had to go purchase the milk.
The very idea made John's skin crawl.
he stabbed a finger at his flatmate, "should "deduce," ' John made nastily exaggerated air quotes, "my opinion of your intruding into my... my... to make me chunder up the pathetic - "
Sherlock Holmes, for God's sake!
"Charming. I'd rather not, thanks. Back to the analogy. So. We've been infiltrated by the influenza virus - any particular strain?"
"Yeah," the human hors d'oeuvre groaned, his muscles contracting in bliss. "I thought that...
he fumed, ready for the shag of his life. The genius slammed his hips upwards, until his balls crashed, smashing flat against the slight podge of John's belly. Sherlock squawked, his cry partially muffled by his blogger's.
"Right. Back to playing Mr. Mysterious, and still so early in the day," the DI sniped. "It had crossed my mind that something's off between you two. You both seemed, I don't know...a tad stressed when I came by." Sherlock's compulsion to fidget was catching, and Lestrade bit through the tip of his thumb nail. He studied the abused digit glumly, spitting splintered nail from his mouth. "Frankly, he looked right pissed off."
Lestrade was
who was continually rubbing one off on my plushies," Sherlock huffed, feeling lightheaded.
I thought I knew you, what did I know?
Sherlock straightened up from his slouch in alarm. "Things? Exactly what
"You had plushies as a child? That's adorable, Sherlock. Who'd have guessed?
Sherlock stirred, taking a breath. "John, I - please give me a moment. I need...". Full stop.
"Tomorrow morning at the earliest. He requires morphine, and unless I can push Mycroft into sending him home with a vial or two, possibly the day after that."
Reaching behind to thread his sturdy fingers into the detective's hair, John angled his head for their lips to make contact. He licked at Sherlock's lips, savoring their silky smooth fullness. He wanted to sink into Sherlock and
The men simply rested. It had been a long day. And John was tired of thinking.
Sherlock shrank from John's touch. He slid his body toward the footboard, out of his lover's reach.
. Yet. The speed of which Sherlock had lost it. The reason for which he had done so. Granted, Sherlock was unpredictable, but it was the first time the wanker had punched him. Come to think of it, this might be the first time that Sherlock had initiated physical contact. Sherlock only ever touched John that he'd noticed, other than the inestimable, squeezable Mrs. Hudson.
The two men lay on their backs in the dark. Sherlock had placed himself close enough whereby John could feel his warmth. Performing his own version of "search and seizure", John floundered about with a hand, seeking Sherlock's. The doctor found his lover's hand, squeezed into a fist by his hip. John blanketed Sherlock's huge hand with his own. The doctor waited patiently, urging his own self to just let go.
"Sherlock, look. I can't bring you out in the field if your," the DI made finger quotes, "'personal problems', which quite honestly is a shit way of to describe the last twenty minutes, interfere with investigations. 'The Work', as you put it, is going to have to take a back seat." Lestrade scrutinized his friend, hoping that his next words didn't blow up in his face. He forged ahead, not giving Sherlock the time to object. "Now, you need to be honest. Is there any chance that you've relapsed?"
("Lord, forgive them...they know not what they do.")
Sherlock nodded, too busy laughing to reply. He stacked up three logs and a fire lighter, setting the whole mess aflame with a match. The man's otherworldly eyes glimmered in the low flame, reflected its bright amber hue. His hair's curls changed from dead cells to sculpture, limned by gold flame and deep shadow. Sherlock's profile glimmered majestically whilst the logs caught, and by the time John next viewed him he identified less as detective and more as Greek god.
No. Greg could easily push Sherlock too far, based on his experiences with John. So here they stood, two men on the brink of hysteria.
John blinked slowly, now rubbing his temples with stiff fingers. "Aaaand...this relates to us how?" He exhibited all of the signs a man at the end of his rope. "We're not sick. Neither of us are immunologically compromised. I'm sorry, my love. I don't get it."
In return, John embarked on an overall tally of damage, brushing tentatively over brutality's despicable aftermath.  Running his physician's finger's along their width, length, and for one outrageous moment, depth, John undertook a comprehensive analysis of their origins. The planets realigned. Worlds ended and began. New constellations formed in the skies. John's construct of humanity shattered, reforming into something much darker. After all that he'd witnessed in personal experience war, and The Work, John
screaming kid being yanked by their arm to a car? Fucker sure knew what he was about, and that's no mistake."
John rolled his eyes to the ceiling, really not wanting to lie. "No, you're right, Sherlock. But looks were only part of the equation for me then. Christ, Sarah's bum was flatter than a pancake. I was attracted to her mind as well as... well, as other things." He licked a long, sticky stripe up Sherlock's endless neck, ending the move by chewing on an earlobe. "Frankly, it had been a long time, and I was dying to get a leg over. I wasn't too particular about the specifics. And I won't even discuss with you the disaster known as Janette."
"No, ta," the doctor muttered. "Sherlock is the one whom you should be tending to, he's gone pale as a sheet. I'm sorry, Sherlock," John lamented. "I won't be long...and I'm coming straight back to you, love, I promise." John snatched up the ends of the crutches and gamely forged a path through the mess. "Greg, concentrate your energies on him."
"Wait. Sit down, John, before you fall down. I have one more thing to do, rather, to remove, before we can bunker down for the evening."
The grease-laden hair obscured the man's eyes, slumped as he was in the hard plastic chair. Lestrade peered at the man. He saw the undeniable outline of Sherlock Holmes through the smudge of the glass partition.
John is a BAMF in bed (but a nice one).
The doctor stared morosely at the sticky brown glaze lining the bottom of his glass. When had he finished his drink? He wanted another quite badly. He focused on the
"There is a powerful force within us, an un-illuminated part of the mind - separate from the conscious mind that is constantly at work molding our thoughts, feelings, and actions." - Sigmund Freud
how it was. I won't even be able to help it, I'm going to hurt you."
"Look," John pleaded. "I mean, really. Look at me, Sherlock."
The Great Sherlock Holmes must be sleeping. Surely, this night was a dream? The situation surreal, the pleasure too great; infatuation deteriorating into delusion.
Sherlock felt his cock hardening. Nevertheless, he put aside the sensation of heat building in his groin without regret. Tonight, this very moment, was all about John. He had three years of neglect to undo.
Hey, cleaned up a few spelling errors and some awkward phrasing for part 1.. Not really worth going back for, I just wanted to say that I realized that I rushed in posting it. Having said that, I am probably rushing this chapter, too. I have one story sitting on my back-burner (hob?), one series, and two other works that need my attention. The next chapter will be this story's final installation.
Three hours later, John shot and killed a man to save his life. That night, after the Chinese, and his brother, and the giggling, detective still felt exposed, transparent, and worst of all, horribly vulnerable. In retrospect, Sherlock realized that he'd been
"Yeah. Don't forget to buy milk," John snorted, slapping Sherlock's arse.
"Blow me," John sniped.
"But...that's not the same as believing it," John sighed. "It's my own damn fault and you know it." Grimacing, the doctor plowed on. "If you really want to know, I got scared by a rat."
Sherlock had focused on the proceedings, and the doctor found himself fighting off the burgeoning blush on his cheeks. Considering Sherlock's utter disregard for personal boundaries, John understood early on in their relationship that the detective viewed John as his personal experiment in psychology.
The detective chuckled. John was precious like this, dazed and flooded with hormones. His mispronunciations were like a signpost, reading "This Way to Happy Ever After". He closed his own eyes and drifted, in a beatific state of contentment. Whatever came next, be it heavenly or horrible, Sherlock knew he'd never be alone.
Sherlock's eyes glowed with radioactive malice. Nevertheless, he flapped a large hand in the air in a show of acquiescence. John gazed fixedly at Sherlock, electrified by the strange light emanating from his lover's strange eyes. Amazing, really, the shift from frozen to furious in an instant.
solid lead..." Greg peered at Sherlock; deeply worried but trying his damnedest to hide it. "Ooooh!" Lestrade sarcastically sing-songed. "Let's not leave out the ridiculously short time frame with which we have to work, and other suchlike dilemmas." Lestrade wound up the performance by flourishing a pair of saucy jazz hands and a cheekily open-mouthed wink. Sherlock sighed, exhausted by Lestrade's useless prattle. He examined the fine warp and weft of his coat, longing to crawl into its depths for a nap.
In response, Sherlock stepped forward and around him. "So you say. However, I've observed quite the opposite, in fact. So shut up. I plan on accompanying you, in spite of your much-maligned ego." They shuffled side by side on the carpet, John airing his grievance with a loud sniff and emphatic twist of his nose. Sherlock grinned in mute adoration; how he loved this ridiculous man!
John threw his head back on to the pillow, now laughing outright. Sherlock spun around, scouting the doorway for the arrival of curious nurses. It seemed that John, the dizzy git, believed that singing Sherlock's praises was an extremely excellent idea. "Sheerrrr...lock, Lockybock, enormous cock..." An outright, dirty guffaw sprang from John's lips at the detective's horrified expression.
Sherlock's muscles uncoiled, untwisted, unbent. His mind slipped into a separate place, one of peace and tranquility. Odd, that - considering that his worst fear was now being realized.
Thump thump thump
The men cast their eyes at the loo, then in turn came to land on each other. The shower was must definitely
More banging and bad-mouthing of innocent furniture ensued.
"Sherlock..." John groaned. "I wish you had told me. I could only speculate on what happened during your time away, but then, I didn't really ask about it when you came back, did I?" He pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers, whispering "I'm so fucking sorry I didn't see it, your suffering. It must have been right there in front of me. I thought you were being a prat."
Just a note about the the foul-mouthed American. I try to use British slang accurately, although I am not sure if I do or not. Anyway, it was fun just to let my Americanisms fly without having to think about it too hard.
: Afternoon Delight
John, who up to this point in his horrid, miserable fourteen-year life, had never raised a hand to his father (but he wanted...oh, did he dream), punched the man dead in the temple and knocked him unconscious. His mother, a frightened, God-fearing Catholic from the north had bayed, and brayed (God help him, she'd sounded like a donkey). His mother had thrown her head up to the ceiling and prayed to the Almighty for forgiveness.
John would have snorted if he wasn't so lust-filled. "Okay, so, I'll talk us through it, so you know what's coming next."
^I hope that these statements don't offend anyone...I did try to research public opinion before posting.
John pumped madly, meeting each thrust with a snap of his pelvis to push the toy deeper. Sherlock mirrored his lover's rhythm with his own, tugging frantically up the length of his penis. He'd flown past the point of coherency and obscene suggestions, wailing gibberish. As well, he'd abandoned the vowels of his native tongue in favour of "Gck!", and "Grfffrr...", and "Nnngh!" To John, this was highly edifying. He'd finally found a way to shut Sherlock up.
"Who said I was drunk?" John huffed, offended. "The whisky was strictly for medicinal purposes. Wanker."
"Jesus, Sherlock! You might be a genius, but you saying something doesn't always make it so. After this, who knows what will happen?!" John punched a fist on his thigh. "I'm not a young man. I might - the bones and ligaments may not - ," the little man crumpled into his painfully ugly jumper. "What if I can't follow you on cases, and...shit. I can't protect you if I'm home on the couch."
to do for the next three months? The doctor had no need to review the mound of discharge paperwork to ruminate on his fate. The wholesale ruination of his ankle would be obvious to even a layman.
" He licked his lips as he gathered his thoughts. "And I'm so very glad that John knows as well. You shouldn't keep important things like this secret.
you, love. Fuck me. Pray thee give it to me, physician! I beseech you," Sherlock inhaled, stalling for time, whilst ransacking his mental thesaurus. "I implore you to shag me silly, John. I'm wholeheartedly
It might have been funny in less perilous circumstances, a case in point for the strength of their bond. As it was, however, John's touch felt precarious, like teetering on the edge of an abyss. A yawning abyss choked with razor-sharp spears at the bottom, poised and ready to skewer any poor sod that chanced to fall in.
Sherlock studied his friend's face, gleaning as much information as possible. "Want some toast, or some eggs, or a biscuit? I can call for some takeout, or even pester Mrs. Hudson for a fry-up. Whatever you need, I'll get it." Sherlock yammered, tossing items behind him on the counter with abandon.
John froze, a deer in the headlights. His mouth gaping open, he stuttered "Well, uh..." His face flushed a deep pink, the tip of his nose almost red. His legs wobbled weakly.
He brooded, ruminating over the memory of the nurse. He thought of Marjorie - or Mallorie, narcotics have a funny way of screwing with brain cells, gently easing his jeans over the bulk of the boot. She'd reached forward to lift his trous flush to his groin. John, desperate to avoid any more mortification than absolutely necessary, hooked his thumbs though the belt loops and beat her to the punch. Hands shaking, his fingers flew over his flies. The last dose of morphine somewhat complicated the procedure, but John regained his dignity in the end.
Anderson chimed in. "
To get back home
It's short, people. I work a night shift (NOC) today, so gotta catch a few winks. I'm planning on finishing this up tonight. P.S. I didn't spend much time proof-reading this, so... sorry for any awkward mistakes.
the crinkly, coarse hair of his groin.. That marvelous man skimmed
A muffled expletive echoed through the venting. John laughed harder, giggles erupting into snorts and guffaws.
"Yes," the tall man said guiltily. "I understand now how that must have looked, how insensitive I was to what you'd been through."
Sherlock sat stiff in "Mind Palace" pose, poised in his boxy, pale green chair. John was still rather tipsy, yet he wasn't deceived in the slightest. Sherlock might appear deep in contemplation, but that was bullshit. "Oi. Sherlock," John crowed, nearly yodeling as he stumbled. "Take a look at our new and improved."
my love, are amazing. Bloody hell, keep it shut and just listen!" John fumed, dropping his hand, whilst his lover bobbed his chin like a guppy. "I'm going to say the wrong things, because I don't
www.ucmp.berkeley.edu/alllife/virus.html
I do not in the least underestimate bisexuality...I expect it to provide all further enlightenment." - Sigmund Freud
Sally, wise enough to keep her darker opinions to herself, merely humphed and leaned over to rub at his arms. "You've turned blue. The paramedics should be here any second."
"Yes, John," Sherlock hummed, sticking the poker into it's iron holder and stretching to his full height. "As I said," he continued, settling down in his chair and crossing his legs, "I think I have something to say."
. Lestrade couldn't blame him, considering the frequency with which he'd been subjected to eval. Psychiatrists tended to be patronizing prats. To stick it to Mycroft and the arsehat attending, Sherlock acted out random diagnoses. At best, Sherlock's shenanigans provided him with lukewarm amusement; but mostly, served to kill time. Inevitably, Mycroft lost patience. He'd pull the necessary strings, and Sherlock walked. This craziness, though, was no mere game of a juvenile genius. He judged Sherlock's behavior as very real and unscripted. How Lestrade wished it wasn't so.
he used to watch with his mum.
"Thanks, mate," John breathed. "Too many meds and not enough food, water, or sleep. I'm just fine."
Stereotypes are just that - overused. Cultural platitudes are part and parcel of every society, running the gamut from gender clichés
"Yes, well - " Sherlock whispered.
The detective's mouth meandered down past the tip of John's nose, and settled very close to John's own. "John, I'm terribly sorry for disappearing on you. I got a bit turned 'round in my head over things. It won't happen again tonight, I promise." The warm, moistened breath that escaped Sherlock's lips skimmed along John's like a kiss.
"Yeah, yeah. I just enjoy riling you up. it's my only pleasure in life. What I really wanted to ask is if John was up to visitors." Greg gave up the search for nicotine and considered picking up a coffee instead.
John choked out a bitter laugh. "Yeah, right, coming from you, you tit. Serves me right if I did, through."
"And leave me standing here on the stoop? Not bloody likely, you wanker! Just go on up and I'll follow. By the time I get my sorry arse up the stairs the flat better be sanitized and hot tea on the table."
Seconds later, Sherlock stalked out, bottle in one hand and stacked tumblers in the other. "Here!" he growled, dumping a generous dollop in both glasses. "Indulge, mon ami. Hell, have one on me. Why not, drink so much that you piss on the floor. John, I love you. I love you!
Love you with all my heart.
Sing it loud so I can hear you.
Also, in doing a bit of research, I've learned that The Beatles were in truth, four twenty-something man hoes who basically used their fame to get laid. Then for kicks, they worked the dirty details into their lyrics. (Can't you just hear Mycroft scoffing..."How juvenile") I had to sit down and think about how many times I've sung these songs to lull my children to sleep.
and how they'd work through
Even in the best of circumstances, he had to act as a rogue; dead men simply don't phone the police. In "The Empty Hearse", Sherlock is seen as unkempt and desperate, a man who's literally running for his life. This is the only information we're given (a fact that has launched a thousand prompts). Excepting for a few minutes' conversation with Mycroft, this three-year ordeal is never touched on again. By anyone.
Eyes wide, Sherlock gingerly rested the back third of his rump on the mattress. John giggled,  suddenly chuffed to bits by his flatmate. This ridiculous, irritating, self-involved prat was improvising as he went along. This whole mess felt like living in a live-action rom-com; awkward and titillating in turn.
The doctor thumbed at the tips of Sherlock's fully erect nipples, circling the edges counterclockwise. "Yeah? You like that, precious? What about this?" He gently pinched and pulled. His lover's hips thrust down to meet his own see-sawing fingers as he keened. "Now find your special place, love. Touch your prostate so you'll know what anal sex does for a man." John smirked. Sherlock's tongue had poked out, swiping over his lips in a fair approximation of his own habit. "Come on. Come on, find it. You find everything, love. You're amazing."
