"Good afternoon Mr. Coulson," Luke, according to his name tag, chirped amiably in Clint's direction as he began changing out the IV bag. Clint scowled.
“Clint. Fall back and wait for assistance.” Phil instructed calmly, but Clint heard the tension creeping into his voice.
Pepper didn’t even dignify that with a retort, making a droll face before her screen blanked out and JARVIS stopped the projection.
From what he and Bruce could figure, Tony's brain was sending out new commands, for new processes that his body was struggling to comply with, the way a company might flag under a management change. Simply put Tony's new Extremis wired brain expected too much too quickly and there was no way for the rest of him to keep up.
Princess paused and Tony waited, listening raptly. Though it was more common in rural areas where people had lots of land to keep whole families of kats, he didn’t comment on the unique privilege she’d had to know relatives when too many didn’t even know their sires. The way she spoke about her uncle was filled with a magnitude of such love and bitter heartache, the only fitting response seemed to be stillness.
I hope you're enjoying this little series as I'd like to keep going. If there is still some interest just give me a holler every now and again.
"Boo. Just because your hormones are going crazy don't torture the rest of us." Clint heckled from the other end of the couch and Bruce bit back a smile as Tony lifted a foot and kicked him playfully in the stomach. The smile turned to a wince as Tony turned in his lap, pulling on the hand that Bruce currently held the remote with until his skin was close enough to nip.
Was it surreal being at the center of the defining civil rights case of the 20th century? You bet, but Tony would take it all, all the public ridicule and invasion of his privacy, a hundred times over if it meant he could still change things for others.
"We're missing the point." Natasha, speaking up for the first time, stared coldly at Fury. "What was the deal you made with Stone?"
"Natasha!" Tony called out fearfully as Killian blocked the move and back-handed her hard enough to break something. She fell to the ground with an agonized cry that Tony felt all the way down to his bones.
Yes. Of course, Tony thought. Resolutely pushing away the part of himself that wanted to droop his ears and start mewling plaintively like a kit who’d lost their favorite toy. He wondered if the mercenaries had struck again while he was out, but feared more that they’d faded away leaving a cold trail behind them.
But when Hughard walks into the kitchen a moment later with Mama and demands an explanation he actually lets Ana give it. And maybe it's because Mama smiles at Rhodey and reminds Hughard that Jarvis was just asking about bringing one of the local boys on to help with the heavier labor around the villa, but Hughard does not get livid or tell Rhodey he has to go.
"Of course she did. Mommy gets a big fat check for this scripted shit and Amee gets all the nip she can roll in." Tony snickered, referring to the controversial narcotic.
He defies his own code and tells them the story of the White Duck and many others. He teaches them to read even though he has no memory of how he learned himself, and holds their small hand as they learn to write (her) name in the dirt. He is cold and dangerous, like a man whose heart is made of ice, but they do not fear him. He feels like home the way that nothing else ever has. They know that they are his and that if he asked, they would offer their life to him.
Though some of the kats were waiting to be hand fed, Rumiko was being allowed to eat from a delicate looking china dish with silver lining. Her nails clinked every so often against the sides as she reached to tear another bite of her fish. She was well practiced at eating with her hands without somehow making a complete mess of herself, making the whole thing look elegant. Her almond eyes caught Natasha’s and the two women shared a private look as her owner simpered on.
Sam sighed, and turned back to him and said, “But they don’t give us something like this for nothing. There's always a catch."
There were nearly a hundred people gathered at the edge of the field facing an impressively creepy looking wood (lots of draping branches and mist) but there was no mistaking which one of the many Kǫtrdýr amongst the crowd was Bastet.
"Just because Stark is no longer in the business doesn't mean we stopped needing weaponry.  We need to get them from somewhere and I'm not happy with Hammer's technology."
“Oh yes Mr- I mean Tony.” Peter scrambled to get the zipper open on his backpack and then carefully remove the robotic arm he’d made with Ned for their Eighth-grade science final that fall.
Without missing a beat Robert clapped his hand on Ty's back and nudged him forward, on to the real reason he'd come there in the first place.
Silence descended when Tony finished but he was fine with that, and the vein ticking at Fury’s temple.
Tony snorted, minimizing her screen and waving it off to the side in order to enlarge the screens he had currently running multiple searches.
"Alright so listen up Lamb Chop. I don't know who you're working for, whether it's the KGB or friendlier waters, but frankly it doesn't make much difference to me. I don't like games when I don't know the rules and I don't play any when it comes to either my tech or my people. Right now you need to convince me you're not a threat to either."
"Mommy wasn't there." Tony realized almost as his he said it. His brain was working fast through everything Luke had shared with them and recalling the conversation he'd had with Bastet at the wedding.
The formula is unstable. He knows this, but the army is out of patience.  He tries to make Ross understand but he isn’t strong enough. The lab explodes in a cloud of gamma bright green, and the pain that splinters through him is agonizing.
“Me, Your Sanctimonious?” Tony answered, keeping his voice just as low and smile bright. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”
Sure, even if she’d been crazy enough that night to drop the kit off at the local workhouse Tony could have found him, but the thought of Harley having to go through even a minute of that kind of trauma made him sick. So yeah, leaving him had never been an option.
For his part Prince T’Challa didn’t put up a protest. His nod was gracious as he let Tony’s hand fall and stepped back, but there was something about the way that he looked at Steve that made his hackles rise. He ignored it, pushing thoughts of the tom aside to focus on what he needed to which was taking care of Tony. Gently taking his hand Steve began to tug him toward the center of the room where couples were engaging in dance as the band played something smooth and slow that Steve didn’t recognize.
"Okay so it's like this. In the event that Extremis decides it's not about BX, it will try to eliminate the compound from my system entirely. Which given that the compound will have fused with my bone structure means... well it means  at best there's a likelihood of complications brought on by severe osteopenia along with a high chance of total paralysis."
Tony Stark's problem -Natasha thought as she pocketed the gift - was that he'd never had any sisters. No Gerda and no Gretel. No one to push witches in fires or don her red shoes on the way to the river. No one to cover his ears and tell him over and over again until he believed.
“A lot hotter up here,” she answered a moment later, sounding slightly winded. “Watch out for the ones that glow.”
"I wanted to apologize for earlier. I didn't mean it how it sounded." Steve falterd, probably noticing how wildly unimpressed Tony was with the start of said apology and blundered on. "But I think Nat's right and it doesn't really matter what I thought I meant."
It doesn’t matter that in his earliest memories, Hughard teaches him the basics of engineering or that his father had once held his hands and delighted in their accomplishments, because he’d done all of that with such high hopes for Tony.
Tony said it breezily but Steve knew better. However unready either of them felt about parenthood Tony very much wanted a future with a family. The fact that he wanted it with Steve, whose dad had walked out on him and his mother before he’d ever really known him was a gift that he’d be damn stupid to throw away.
His feet were nice and toasty what with a rather contented looking Natasha claiming his legs as the perfect resting post, but Tony's back was getting chilled what with all that glaringly empty spacy behind him.
Of course he understood how little power she’d had, just as he could see how powerless Jena Keener had felt in her own way; but he couldn’t forget that however she had felt, Jena had always had more power over her life and the fate of her son than Tony’s mother ever could have hoped to have, just by virtue of her birth.
Steve turned slightly to look over at Nakia as the she-tom spoke suddenly. She hadn’t spoken all morning that Steve could remember but then again she and the other Dora Milaje weren’t exactly big chatterers. Steve wondered if that was just part of their natures or part of the job.
And normally he'd be all sorts of angsty and competitive about that, but he was about to be a splatter on the concrete a second ago so he was kind of in love with them instead; he resolved himself to finding whoever was behind their design and send them a fruit basket. Not to mention offering them loads of money to come work for SI.
"If there is to be dancing later I must claim the first dance with our Man of Iron." Thor said in that declarative way he had. "I have claimed, as you say, dibbs."
On screen a clip was playing of the volcanic woman crashing through the upstairs window and Tony leaping after her with feline grace. He's like a missile colliding with the deceptively fragile looking woman and even without the sounds, there's no hiding how ferocious he is as he tears at her, teeth and claws flashing under the chopper beams.
Unfortunately, out of the way also happened to be sprawled inelegantly into a heap on the floor in a tangle of sticky webbing.
In this moment Tony is free and happy and the warmth that fills into his heart is evidence of Hughard's failure.
“When you’re an engineer you’ve got to learn that half your job is realizing what a shitty job you’ve done and making it better. Iron Man mark one is a pile of sheets and bolts somewhere in the Afghan desert. Do you think I should have just stopped there because the first model wasn’t perfect?”
"Just let her do it." Clint had advised him with a tired shrug, wincing in discomfort at the motion. Despite having her back to him Natasha seemed to know.
You don't do that, thinking you're not going to become intimate with death. But Tony tried to. With his heart open and soft, thinking he can usher in brave new worlds without losing anyone. He seems to think that's his responsibility, to make sure nobody suffers the cost unless it's him. Worse. Everybody tells him it is.
“Who’s Miss. Hannagan?” Fluffy asked with a wrinkle of her button nose, the little tom latching protectively onto Patches who shrank at the mention of a stranger looking for them. “You aren’t going to sell us, are you Mr. Stark?”
“I think Cap’s on to something there Nicko. Which is how I know you’re going to give me everything I’m asking for and a pony besides. Am I right, or am I right?”
There was an old saying that at the kennel club everybody looked the other way. Humans who wanted to take a walk on the wild side could without judgment and Gata weren't asked who they'd come with and nobody cared too much who they left with.
“Yes, but is it Steve? I mean could you say ‘here comes Captain America, everyone’s favorite tom-guy with a straight face?” Tony countered and Steve rolled his eyes.
Tony, for the life of him could not fathom why someone like Natasha would have chosen to die either with or for him.
“Observation. And after you ignored poor Mika for thirty whole minutes when you forgot you asked to see her yesterday morning, I thought I’d try a different approach.” The pretty young fel answered with a lazy swish of her tail. Tony took the cup from her because much as he didn’t like being handed things from strangers, Princess had felt like his from the first and that hadn’t mellowed over the weeks. It helped that she was also all the things he liked. Whip smart, sarcastic, opinionated and not willing to take any of his shit.
Next up, Tony and the team tangle with three stray kats with very bad attitudes. Steve, want's to keep one, but he'll have to catch him first.
“We thought Bucky’s heats stopped because of all the stress during combat. He’d gone almost three years with nothing, but near the end he started to have flashes. The first time got us in a real pickle, the second time we were better prepared to note the warning signs and managed to find this inn. Things were intense and neither of us did much holding back. It shocked me when I bit him, so hard I broke skin. I was scared something was going wrong with the serum or that I was losing my mind. But Bucky talked me down after. He said he was fine…”
It’s not so bad during the night hours but when he’s sucked into some strange walking dream in daylight hours it’s a problem. They are in a middle of a mission, and if he loses Wanda and Pietro over this, he’s going to track down Tony Stark.
Laura was a nice kitten (what people call a domesticated female, because it's not completely derogatory or anything) and Clint was a nice tom but she still needed her parents approval to have a relationship.
“Sir, I feel I should warn you that those words in the language known as Yoruba do not mean bullshit. And Captain rogers is attempting to cheat.”
“Yeah. My dad was a scientist. He even got his doctorate after they ruled that exceptional Kat’s could be considered.” Peter felt himself blushing, even as he continued to smile hesitantly at Mr. Stark. Dad had always told him that it was because of Tony Stark that Kat’s had started being admitted into colleges, and had gained access to high level certification programs. He used to read to Peter from Forbes and other journals about all of Tony’s accomplishments. He’d always said, that it was worth putting up with the bullies and the snobs at school because one day Peter could do great things too and help make things even better for other kids.
Bruce left with the medics carrying Steve away and Tony felt so cold his teeth started to chatter but he refused to be reduced to tears and pathetic mewls when he was at fault for all of this.
Vonkov is furious and threatens to tell Tony's parents when they return, but Jarvis looks ready to do the man in and it frightens him enough to scuttle when Jarvis offers to show him the door.
"He doesn't want a Queen, he wants a puppet because they're not building us a Pride. They're trying to build themselves an army. Maybe you can't see the difference, or maybe it's just not personal enough for it to matter to you, but it matters to me. It matters to them!" Tony gestured to Bruce, Clint and Natasha who were sitting silently, watching the confrontation intently with no small amount of tension.
A laugh bordering on hysterical bubbled up in Tony's throat before he finally let it loose, letting the tension drain out of him.
“Pepper’s got the car waiting and Rhodes went to make sure our exit is clear. Bruce is already waiting in the car to help you back to the tower.”
Steve ad grown used to how seriously the SHIELD medic comported himself when he wasn't joking around with Clint, and more recently in the lab with Tony, but there was something very intent about the way that the medic was looking at him now. Like a foe across a battlefield assessing an enemy for weaknesses.
“Luke!” Clint crowed, abandoning the group by the punchbowl, had loped his way over to the tom and swung an arm around his neck in the universally understood language of Bro-dom. “Come remind my anal retentive partner how high the tolerance level for an adult Kat is.”
"Nah, Luke's from the Congo" Clint yawned widely and smirked in Tony's direction. "He's heard all the stories about the old prides. He was probably expecting us to walk around with our claws out and have heads hanging off the mailbox or something."
“So… thank you.” Tony narrowed his eyes, watching the costumed kat closely. “But who the hell are you?”
Steve smiled, thinking about it as he wandered into the living room on the common floor. He paused to stare at the glowing lights on the tree, thinking fondly of Harley's excitement as it had been put up and decorated and the man who had made that possible for him.
In the midst of the commotion he saw Ty stalking toward him just as a black shadow darted through the corner of his vision. For a moment he thought it must be another one of his teammates, but nobody on the team moved like that he realized as the black-clad figure clashed with the tom.
What did he want? Peter wondered nervously, clenching his fists behind his back pack. He and Master Osborne were rivals. Maybe he was trying to dig up information on the serum.
"Do whatever you want Feather Brain, if you and Agent want to knock boots and try for kits be my guest. Why bother asking me?"
The way they remember it, they were living in Sokovia, running small time cons and thieving for the man who ran the heat den they’d called home since their home and all of their family had been blown away during the last outbreak of civil war.
"You're a dirty rotten liar Rogers!" Tony shouted breathlessly over the music, coming neatly out of a spin the way one did when they'd spent gruesomely dull hours in their childhood training for pageant shows. Call him vain, but Tony had expected to have to drag Steve through the ropes and fight not to get his feet stepped on, but Steve Rogers was a dirty liar brimming with lies, because he was actually a rather good dancer. A little out of touch with the times, but whatever. Swing was fun.
“Thanks for the help asshole.” Tony huffed as he shut the door behind him and Barton just shrugged before throwing the truck into gear and pulling away from the side of the road.
"Jadakiss Bond would be a kickass name."  T’Cael suggested, popping his head out of the open maintenance panel to be sure that Nyota and the others who were working in the lab heard him over the music.
Tony and the team looked at him curiously but Thor just moved his glower to Prince T’Challa and said, “Queen Anthony thanks you for your gift. I’m sure you do not mind if it is examined? I have heard the Midgardian tale of the Trojans horse and have become wary of the duplicity your kind is capable of when bestowing seemingly harmless gifts.”
"It wasn’t the right call, but she was just trying to protect you and that should count for something," Steve pleaded earnestly on her behalf and this time Tony did roll his eyes, anger sparking in the center of his chest and simmering low.
And just to kill any opposition Tony might have been able to come up with she turned those big blue eyes on him – that were twice as effective because they were hers –  and went for the jugular.
Frigga was smiling tearfully at MiKall as she assured Bastet that she was well pleased by the union, but when it came time for the grooms mother to give his blessing, there was a cold warning not easily missed in Bastet’s stare and the tom’s mother, a waspish looking fel with white striped fur all but bared his teeth before giving his consent.
“He’s got a point. The nightmares, when I have them, are picked up from you.” He said, eyeing Natasha closely. She was sitting very still Tony noticed, but her returning stare was steady.
Thor had spent many years wrapped up in himself, blind to the wounds his brother had kept buried. Too self-interested to even entertain the thought of digging or interceding in a slowly developing disaster.
"I have run the algorithm against a dozen other stored security images in my database Sir, all of them register as matches with ninety seven percent certainty." JARVIS answered.
"Voluntarily?" he asked, voice lowering on the edge of a growl. This time when his eyes snapped to Rhodes Wilson stayed silent. It didn’t surprise Steve that the Army hadn’t completely given up the idea of fashioning soldiers out of Gata. He wouldn’t put it past Fury to have redacted the information if they had either.
Ross pushes and pushes and nothing impresses. Not even when they become Dr. Banner. They get a split lip and a whispered threat that all the strings Ross had to pull to keep their head off the chopping block had better be worth it.
Steve frowned. She was lying to him. Not about her suspicions for Tony’s increasingly odd behavior, but for the reason she’d been alarmed a moment ago. Something had rattled her and it hadn’t been an oncoming heat flash.
For a time they sat in silence while the van sped down the highway and the medics saw to their burns and contusions, both of them staring at nothing and keenly aware of their missing teammates.
Peter’s eyes widened. Oh wow. He’d expected that as an intern he’d be working on the bottom floor somewhere under some over worked PHD in Research and Design.
He reminded himself of the kits once more as Mrs. Keppel ran her hands through his hair, rubbing vigorously at his ears, laughing at some quip he’d made like Tony performed the neatest of tricks.
He efficiently cleaned the burn site with careful dabs of the towel he held. Clint wouldn't have called his grip gentle but it was certainly practiced.
Not that he didn't think the sex would be good.Tony was an attractive guy, Steve didn't see a point in saying otherwise, and the kiss they'd shared had been dizzying. But the ache he felt... That was about finding a way to blow away the darkness that kept swallowing up his head. These days, it was like he only really felt alive during a fight. That and when he’d had his tongue down Stark’s throat, but Steve didn’t need to be a head shrink to know that probably wasn’t a healthy coping tactic or very fair to either of them.
“I started with your physical age Cap, and deducted about fifteen years because it was cool, but mom says volunteering for that experiment was pretty stupid and she’ll kill me if I ever do anything like that. So that made you about five.”
He'd lasted the longest, but after awhile his system began to fail just like the others. It looked like the project was going to die, all funding cut.
"Natasha is right, this is about you taking risks Tony that you shouldn't take and bucking the chain of command." Steve decided and Tony could have rolled his eyes right out of his head.
"None were brave enough except for a young woman known as Neithotep. She was called a demon because she possessed half the parts of a human and half those of a cat. She'd been visited by a Goddess at birth and given a strange stone with many magical powers that our legends call the Nehe stone.
Much of her sides and her back were bare, and if Tony were more of a prude he'd point out that her breasts were a shift away from a wardrobe malfunction but he's not (and for the record, it should be noted the woman had nothing to be ashamed of in the breast department).
The Alurio = The Gata = Kats (and just presume that by the time we water down to simply putting the most simplistic form for "cat" in everything that we've progressed to the modern age, and you're offensive. Peachy keen?).
“Out of your hands Director?” Steve’s scowl called bullshit. Finished with the paper he tossed it aside, letting it land on the table with a loud slap.
Tony paused the footage of Simon Trask exiting the capitol earlier that morning and zoomed in on the faces of the men he was with. He quickly ignored Ross, as well as the one who lagged a step behind, because Ross was already on his shit list and the other was a pencil pusher if ever Tony had seen one. He zeroed in instead on the man with a hand on Trask’s right shoulder, an unknown.
"Like walking off a tower while in a stupor. Jesus Christ who even let him up there?" Tony grumbled already untangling himself from the others and crawling from the bed.
He didn’t blame Tony for his fascination with them. The guards along with Extremis would make sure that he was never defenseless, but having worked with Tony and Helen on the Cradle Steve thought that T’Challa really should have known better than to hand Tony something that would tempt him to keep pushing his limits before Extremis was stable.
Looking down at all of those people crawling over the beach like ants, knowing that they were all there to celebrate the beginning of something they couldn't even begin to appreciate, just made Steve want to put them all back on their boats and send them on their way - to trade all the noise for a night alone with the team, with nothing but the gentle sound of the waves and the wind whispering through the trees. All the glitter of the party just felt plastic.
“The glowy ones suck.” He panted in reply, taking advantage of the moment to land a few rapid punches against the guys side. He leaped back as the guy freed himself with a mighty jerk and a roar, not seeming to feel the blows at all. He felt the arrows Clint sent shooting into both shoulders, his body stumbling backward as he grunted in pain, but the guy just reached up and jerked them away as if they were irritants. The wounds closing almost before the arrows had been removed.
Tony could feel his connection with both Bruce and Natacha pulling tight now, and more alarmingly he could feel Clint and Cap too, as if they were somewhere close by instead of in an entirely different building.
“But we need to be here. I need to get into the tower if I’m going to override JARVIS and successfully plant the package. I can only do that from dad’s lab.” Nyota reminded her. “Besides, shouldn’t we stick close to Tony and the others in case something goes wrong? If they launch those missiles before Steve can stop them this time we might be able to save them.”
“You made the front page Stark.” Fury began without preamble, slapping a newspaper down upon the table and sliding it toward Tony’s seat. Tony didn’t bother looking at it, having already met with Pepper about the morning’s headlines but Steve reached across him to pick it up with a curious expression that deepened into a slight frown as he examined the article.
Nyota stuck two fingers in her mouth and whispered sharply for quiet. When all eyes were on hers again she sighed.
Finished with his shopping, the kit makes his way back toward the counter and ignores the strange kat watching him intently from atop to counter to ask Mr. Allen to pull a couple of jugs of milk out of the icebox.
“I must say. Releasing that video was ruthless, even for you Stark. I’m rather curious to know who was behind it.”
“Hey listen.” Tony scooted as far as the wires and tubes would let him until he was curled into Banner’s side, close enough for legs to tangle together if not for the mess of wiring. “There isn’t anything you’re going to throw at me that’s going to make me reject you. Got it? Just relax.”
The soldier blinks in shock, but he is only distracted by the changing scenery and Tony’s sudden appearance for a moment because he shifts in a way that foretells a split throat and Tony brings his arms up, crossing his wrists and the sound of that knife striking metal sings through the air.
[Interrupts] it’s Dr. Stark. I think if he has earned the title a couple times over, the least you could do is use it.
"What happens if his body rejects the compound." He looked meaningfully at Tony. "What if Extremis decides it doesn’t like you drilling holes in your body end injecting yourself with alien biotech?"
The birth of a Pride Part 1, otherwise known as Tony lets SHIELD know the score and is determined to find a way to survive Extremis with help from his friends, just in time for the wedding.
A soft ding interrupted the moment and the elevator doors opened silently. For a moment both of them just stared at the open doors, not speaking. Finally, Jena answered in a soft tired sounding voice.
Gata are dangerous and they are everywhere. One day, they will turn on us, or be used against us by an enemy. What then? The only way to prevent that future was through strict oversight, and the restriction of privileges. No more work. No more school. No more confusing dangerous if useful animals with people.
He fully expected her to put together the larger picture his words implied and once again she did not disappoint him. Rather than any of the shock or worry that he’d expected her eyes widened with delighted surprise, her mouth curling into an anticipatory grin.
WE HAVE LONG STUDIED THE USES OF VIBRANIUM IN MANIPULATING ENERGY. THERE IS AN ENGINEER HERE WHO RECENTLY DEVELOPED A TECHNOLOGY FOR A NEW FIREARM. IT WAS JUST APROOVED TO GO INTO PRODUCTION. THE SHIELD AND GUN USED BY THE MALE USES THE SAME TECHNOLOGY, ONLY IT IS NOT IN ITS INFANCY. IT WAS MADE BY SOMEONE WHO HAS HAD MUCH TIME FOR TRIAL AND ERROR IN WHICH TO MAKE IMPROVEMENTS.
He could just see tomorrows headline. "Look whose got their claws in Cap!" Oh and the classic, "American Icon catches feline fever!"
So people are stupid. They all swallow their tongues and freeze because even with reports that the Alurio were closely tied to the royal house – heck even with Panther Pride in the damn title – it hadn’t occurred to any of them that Prince T’Challa himself might be Gata.
“Because, though you framed your proposal like the gift of working with your scientists is gold in itself, it hasn’t escaped my notice that it’s you who wants access to technology my team developed first. Technology they’ll continue developing with or without you.”
“I’m sorry Sir,” JARVIS said regretfully as the words continued to flash. “It appears we suddenly lost contact with the unit.”
Next to them Helen giggled and Bruce shook his head as Dr. Salek buzzed around his side of the bed, checking wires and connections.
“Really?” he asked presenting the phone, where Peter noticed with dawning horror a clip of him in the Spiderman costume he’d made taking out a pair of thieves in the subway was playing.
“huh-ouch!” Tony cursed as something whacked him in the center of his back. He turned and snarled in the direction of the boy who had mustered the courage to climb down from the hayloft and was pointing that barrel thingy at him. Tony glanced down at his feet to find a dark wrinkled potato.
Still, she kept half an eye on them as she continued her work on her StarkPad. She had at least six ongoing investigations going at the moment, but top priority was figuring out the minds behind the attack on Maria’s House and figuring out how Robert Stone and Senator Stern were wrapped up in it. Because they were. She just had to figure out how.
“I owe my allegiance to my Queen and my Pride above all things. I could not betray their trust, though it meant continuing to betray yours.”
Steve pressed, and Tony would have been irritated if he didn’t know himself. It wasn’t exactly a secret that he liked avoiding emotional shit.
"People need safe spaces." Steve answered still looking up at the glowing sign. "Belles is a kennel club. I'm not sure if you know-"
"Oh is that what this is about? Cause I thought this was about you and your need to be in control, but sure we can talk about me. We've kind of been there, done it a lot, but hey, talking about me never gets old."
Fels were very territorial preheat, queens especially. The last week had seen Tony stalking about the tower seemingly just to touch everything (and everyone) in his space, driven by the biological urge to leave his scent on all that was his.
While Tony wouldn’t go so far as to call them experts he felt they had a fair grasp on how Extremis was supposed to work and where it didn’t, even if they were no closer than Maya to figuring out why it didn’t and how to fix it. He’d taken a break briefly to receive a call from Pepper, who had sent over the personnel list he’d asked for.
"You understood me perfectly Tony, do not pretend otherwise. It is demeaning to both our intelligence and more importantly to the bond you have formed with the Colonel. He doesn't deserve that."
There was a horrible screeching sound as a pair of glowing hands suddenly punched through the roof of the car. Pepper screamed as they began literally peeling back the metal like it was candy wrapping and Tony's eyes flew to Bruce, curled against the door who looked like he was doing everything in his power to keep from Hulking out but Tony already knew there was no stopping it when the danger was this close.
“And I’m not sending Cho to a foreign country I know little about where she would be on her own.” Tony refuted, calculating quickly for a resolution and grinning when the pieces sild beautifully into place. Not just to solve the current problem but a lot of future ones as well.
"Oh aren't you a funny little thing." The woman giggled in a distinctly patronizing fashion that Tony was very familiar with (and quickly annoyed by). "Of course your presence here will rile my mother-in-law, but all the better for that. You've made it just in time for the hunt!"
The couple beside them at the bar for instance when they ordered their drinks looked stupidly happy, like propaganda piece 'love is love' stupidly happy. As happy as Tony felt. The woman, a cute young kitten with her brown hair done up in some truly impressive ringlets leaned across the bar to shout at them over the music.
With the machinery nearly completed for the complicated surgery Tony and his crack team of scientist had determined they were as ready to perform the procedure as they'd ever be. If Tony had his way they would have done it already with no one the wiser, because the last thing he wanted was to spend days building up to it making everyone anxious and facing their worried pitying looks.  It was bad enough that legally he couldn't keep Pepper in the dark about it and he had to see the fear in her eyes every morning. He didn't want to magnify that by a half dozen.
“I’d like to propose a collaboration project with Stark industries. The work you’ve done with nano-technology is astounding. If you could get Ms. Cho to agree to it, I believe our scientists would jump at the chance to assist as she continues her research in regenerating bio-tissue.”
Clint could only arch a brow at that. He didn't know the medical team as well as some of the strike forces, only that he was originally from somewhere in the Congo. That explained the faint accent the guy couldn't quite suppress. He was doing a fair job of it all things considered but Clint was a spy after all. Fair wasn't good enough.
“It’s Spiderman!” Peter insisted through the hot sting of tears before shaking his head glumly. “And no. He was there when I got bit by the spider, but he never told anyone.”
Luke shrugged, reminding Tony suddenly of Thor as he said far too casually, "The bond is a connection between minds on every level.  The binding has been known to cause death if started but not completed, and if Tony were to open your mind and find himself repulsed, he could not complete the melding. So you might suffer an aneurism and die."
Nyota mouthed a silent apology and refocused on her work. Watching the news and combing the internet for footage of their parents was pretty much the highlight of everybody’s day around here. She wasn’t sure how healthy it was, especially for the younger kits, but she didn’t have the heart to force them to stop. Besides, studying the current times was important if they wanted even a slim chance of correctly guising what they had to change to save the future and what had to stay the same so that they didn’t Artie Mcfly themselves.
He’d obviously spent years training with the Dora Milaje himself, and it stood to reason that his mother and father were going to be arranging his union with some political advantage just the same.
"Natasha can you cover Tony?" Somewhere on the ground Steve was barking into the com as Tony nodded, thoughts racing as sweat trickled down his brow and into his eyes.
“So you invited the man we think is behind all this to walk into your house for a chat?” Cap demanded incredulously, the air already getting peppery with fight scent and Tony wrinkled his nose, flicking his tail in irritation. Rhodey sighed and somehow looked like he was about to pass out from how not surprised he was.
“I devoured those stupid comics, the ones that made you out to be a paragon. The perfect man. The guy with human superiority and all the gifts god should have given them instead of the Gata.”
"He got angrier, more withdrawn, and when they showed up to send him to war it really messed with his head. He was so pissed when I told them they'd have to take both of us, when I told them I'd let them do their experiment on me but I was just happy we could stay together. Bucky got more and more reckless as the war went on, volatile, picking fights with some of the rougher guys in the unit. They started to call him a Biter and that was dangerous because if they thought you were a danger to humans they put you down.
"Lets go." Tony suggested, though Natasha had already turned to run. As Tony ran behind her, covering their back by emptying a couple more rounds into Killian's staggering body, only relaxing when he saw that Catman was back on his feet and leaping on the lunatics back.
“Maybe I like the way you take advantage.” Clint murmured huskily with a warm chuckle. Tony clutched him tighter, and the tom took a deep breath, dragging in his scent, and groaned lowly as if something had pained him. For a flicker of a moment, his scent darkened with something brittle. Something that struck Tony of guilt.
After the hit on OSCORP had nearly gotten her and Jaime tangled up in a spider’s web, they knew they needed to find an easier way to work surface side. Cousin Peter was so much more of a pest in the past than she ever would have guessed.
“Don’t be afraid Natalia,” Ivan murmers into their ear and (he) yearns, chest raw like someone who has been whipped. Mistress sometimes gives them lashes when they miss steps.
"Thor, you take the lab in Switzerland. As their public face it's not likely they're doing anything illegal there but we can't discount it.  Clint and I will handle the two facilities here in New York. Let's agree that this is a stake out only. You see anything that looks like what we're looking for you find a hole somewhere and call the others in. Understood?"
"He's asked if you require assistance," JARVIS informed him a moment later and Tony's ears flattened in distaste. He knew what that meant. Coulson would send Cap down and Rogers would come with his dark cloud of disapproval and attempt to bully Tony into acting like a good kitty.
Then, pain splintered the wonderful dream, the soft hazy summer sun was swept away by darkness and cold artificial lights flickering dimly in the wet and dark of a small cramped space and there was unbearable pain storming through his head.
And boy didn’t that just put all that fuckery with the flirting and the gifts (courting gifts his ass) into sharp perspective. A prince, a man who also happened to be the direct descendant of a goddess, who could slice a man from head to toe without pause, needed fuck all from Tony. What a joke.
“A bad call, and they come with tanks and guns; or maybe it’s got nothing to do with us at all and it’s just another fucking alien invasion, and it’s no longer a choice of can I live with myself if I don’t try and stop them dropping a bomb on us, but a matter of can I survive another second of feeling every death like it is my own? Cause I think about that every minute of every day.”
“Yes. He’s been a big help while I’ve been deconstructing their tech. we’re working purely off visuals so it’s a slow process.” Tony said, tapping the top of the silver disk that contained the energy shield.
"The first appears to be an anomaly," JARVIS said and it was explained a moment later when a video clip appeared on a small halo-screen just above Tony's head. It took him a moment to place what he was seeing but when he did he scoffed openly.
Fuck. Just…fuck that. And fuck him! Tony wanted to say it, but all that came out through his tight throat was a rasped, “What are you saying?”
"Hey! The hell are you doing?" Tony seethed, perplexed that he had somehow or another ended up under the smugly grinning tom, pinned between his body and the machine.
Luke's eyes widened marginally, probably taken off guard by Tony's level of enthusiasm but he should really get with the program because Tony was an inventor. Of course he'd studied ancient Egypt and of course he'd never bought the line about kats not contributing much to it beyond brawn.
Luke calmly went about his work, finishing with the pain drip and moving closer to the bed in order to begin unwrapping the bandages from around Clint's neck and shoulders.
“Steve you know what the ovular-gland is right?” Bruce asked, a deep frown of concern furrowing his brow and Steve shrugged, stuborning his way through the discomfort of the conversation.
Oh and look a bonus. Come chat up the fiercest, baddest, social experiment since that guy dressed like a tiger spent a month in a cage: the Avengers! Watch out for the Russian. I hear she bites.
“Have we met?” he asked, though he already knew they hadn’t. The past week Steve had been introduced to a stream of celebrities, delegates, important military personnel, as well as all their feline companions, but he thought if he’d remember being introduced to this guy if they’d ever met. For one thing, he was military which was pretty rare for Gata. After the failed super soldier program and the accident that had created HULK, the army had pretty much given up on the idea of training Gata for combat.
“Don’t worry so much on our account Captain.” T’Challa interjected, a bite creeping into his tone. “And please, don’t hold back because we are your guests. I know I won’t.”
Tony had no idea how he managed to look so certain of getting his way and still sound so damnably diplomatic about it.
“I never thought I’d get to have a family of my own,” he admitted, gently reaching to tilt Tony’s face back toward his so that he could hopefully see how much he meant what he was saying. “To have one with someone as brave and as good as you are… Tony that’s like a dream.”
Tony’s face went tight resisting the urge to hiss. Sonia smirked, as if she could tell she’d affected him.
“Around the time those things started to hurt.” Tony quipped, accepting the flash drive that Natasha extended in his direction with a winsome smile at their visitors. “Thank you both so much for dropping by. Come again. JARVIS, show them the door please?”
For a horrible moment Tony thinks the officer is going to arrest the young man out of spite, but thankfully self-preservation wins out. Tony is a Stark man and that means something.
Tony didn’t know if any of them bought it as he slipped out the door but on the list of things he cared about, people figuring out that he was a sexually active adult didn’t even register.
When a mission for SHIELD goes bust the team learns some troubling news about Steve's recurring nightmares. Establishing a fragile peace with their Wakandian visitors is as easy as battle royale and getting Steve and T'Challa to stop hissing at each other. Metaphorically. There's been no actual hissing. Yet. But this is Tony's life so give it time.
"Their king may agree to allowing a UN delegation inside their borders. If it happens it will be a unique opportunity for the world to observe a gata society that developed peacefully alongside baseline humans while maintaining autonomy."
"He said there was a way to draw them closer didn't he?" Tony remembered. "That's how they got them here in the first place. He didn't mention what bait they used did he?"
Bruce, over at the lab station he used when they wanted to cut travel time between personal labs, glanced up curiously, head tilting as he examined the photo.
To all my fellow Americans, HAPPY THANKSGIVING! As I've said on my tumblr : I'm thankful for so many loving people in my life and that we can be together today in peace and comfort. I'm humbled by the knowledge that not everyone shares that blessing, and that today means something very different for many Native Americans who are dedicated to preserving their cultures and their people. I'm thankful that we can be so different and yet all the same in gods eyes. I am thankful for the love and compassion given me, and for the opportunity to return it. I am thankful for forgiveness, the sharing of hope, and the chance to walk together.
“Back so soon?” Tony asked, twisting around in the chair he’d pulled up beside the bed to smile tiredly at her as she approached. She pushed a carryout bag from Wendy’s into his lap without comment before she went to check on Steve. It wasn’t until the smell of hot greasy cheeseburger was wafting under his nostrils that Tony had any idea how hungry he was. But even with his stomach growling, Tony couldn’t get much pleasure from the thought of eating. Tony forced himself to wolf down the first one and even take a few bites of the second if only to fuel his body and avoid whatever tactics Natasha would employ next if she saw him not eating.
Okay maybe that's giving himself too much credit because if someone like Natasha or Steve had just said that to him Tony could admit he'd probably assume the worst. Maybe it's just Bruce. He trusts him, and Bruce knows how Tony thinks so he made sure to say it in a way that Tony would understand and not jump to his own conclusions.
"Tony, we could smell your distress from across the room." Bruce explained gently and Tony sucked in a breath, stepping back. He felt crowded in the circle of his teammates and suddenly very exposed. His traitorous tail was curling like it waned to tuck between his legs. But this was Bruce, so Tony actually tried to believe when he said that it was probably due to his heat being so close. The scent blockers never could quite keep up in the final days and the weeks before usually required a stronger dose.
Tony’s distress was tugging quietly at the back of her mind but she let it be for the moment, the line between being somewhat touch starved and touch resistant was thin when it came to Stark, but she could appreciate it. She had trouble finding her own lines when it came to letting others close.
“Did a full body scan with Bruce,” the brunette suddenly announced without turning around and Steve paused.
“I was harsher than I should have been.” Tony heard himself blurt. In the naked face of Steve’s grief it was very important to him that Steve know that. “You’re trying to help, and I appreciate that. I do.”
"I'm touched Robert, but I think it will be alright. After all kats gathered in prides long before they graced the homes of their loving guardians." Tony quipped, gesturing with his glass toward the collar around Ty's neck.
Tony blinked, dragging his eyes from his teammate to find the irritatingly calm ones of the aid assigned to sit with them and make sure they didn’t collapse or something of that nature. He was offering a steaming cup in one hand, an interestingly sweet (but unmistakably planty) sort of smell wafting from it and Tony stared balefully at the offering.
Fuck. He doesn’t need anyone to tell him how pathetic he is. How stupid it was to even think something like that, when they were only just beginning to explore this thing between them, and Steve was sure to discover all the reasons why Tony Stark was not worth ten of him and not cut out for relationships. But he was a selfish asshole and it was a hungry hungry ache.
Tony swallowed and drew closer to him, reaching for his hands, needing the grounding contact as much as Steve seemed to. It was a testament to Tony’s innately selfish nature that even now, down to the last moment, there was a wild urge that flickered to life within him not to say what he had intended to say, to take Natasha’s advice and let the ticking time bomb that was the Winter Soldier stay in its corner; but he knew better.
Tony looked back to Steve who was still waiting on an answer, frustration evident as his eyes flickered between Tony and Natasha, unaware of their silent conversation.
It was refreshing that T’Challa didn’t presume Tony needed to ask his permission, or that Tony’s judgment on whether or not he was ready to attempt another bond wasn’t the best; and startling in a way he was not at all used to, having someone slice so cleanly through all of his layers of distraction to get right to the center of what was really bothering him. The man behind the curtain one could say.
Her rooms are like her, inviting and sunlit, and what is stored in them is more precious than treasure. And it helps sometimes, for Tony to think of her. To go in his mind and live those memories again. And so he does.
“Yeah so, hands to yourself and all, but you can keep them. I’m not in the business of biting off people’s hands.”
Their archer was not in a good mood, but Thor hoped that in time, surrounded by the beauty of Valhalla and with the excitement of the Hunt that he would forget his worries.
Bruce was not a night owl the way that some residents in the tower were. Not that he couldn't get caught up in his work like the best of them, but part of keeping the Other Guy contained was maintaining a balance: low stress, regular sleep, regular meals. That sort of thing.
Steve’s mother would have told him he still had to live. Hell Bucky would have told him that, and Tony… Tony was a good man. Bucky would have liked him. This could be a good thing.
Tony respected Natasha’s choice to keep Ivan private and not to share with the others that he wasn’t as dead as she’d once thought. It hurt that she hadn’t trusted him enough to share it but, whatever, that was her prerogative. However, he wasn’t going to let it drop completely when this mystery could prove dangerous to her and Steve. That was where the line was.
“Yes. Bruce and I have both seen it,” She finally answered and Steve nodded. Good less to explain. Wordlessly he offered her the sketchbook.
So even the guy he’d only just got done making peace with had something to say about it? Was he going to tell Tony he was better than that (when he knew for a fact he wasn’t) and that he’d have dug up some nonexistent moral fiber at the last minute?
But Tony willed the thought away and focused on what was important. He wasn't going to think about his poor mother now. He couldn't afford to get sloppy around the Stones. Natasha was right (as usual) if they saw an opening they wouldn't hesitate to take it.
Sonia’s pale eyebrows arched. Tony fully understood why. In the fight for gata rights two lines of thinking had emerged. Those who wanted Gata to be recognized as fully equal to humans and fully integrated into society. And those who wanted to recognize Gata autonomy, along with their right to live peaceably somewhere else, but naturally not their equality with humans.
"The alien substance you wish to place in your body..." The sound of Luke's voice drew Tony's attention back to the tom. "Is it from the Benu you faced in your story?"
"Wasn't his tom old as balls?" Clint asked, mouth puckering in distaste as Amee and her family drama unfolded on screen.
“JARVIS found the name of our human bomb from the shopping center. Andrew Schulz, former marine. Deployed home during his first tour in Afghanistan due to getting a leg blown off. Mission reports are full of black tape but JARVIS is awfully sneaky.”
They don’t have a lot of books but once Becca figured out they’d taught themselves how to read, she’d started bringing them home from her work at the local library branch.
“The Spiderman might be a good start.” Bruce suggested. “He saw them up close. He could maybe tell us something the security cameras can’t.”
“Starks on level two and it looks like he’s made some friends. I have visual but I can’t get to him. Got a glow stick I can’t get rid of.” Natasha reported.
“First off.” Tony began slowly but Peter didn’t dare look up, afraid that Tony would see the stupid tears stinging his eyes. “It’s an internship. It’s training wheels. I expect you to make reasonable mistakes. Even the occasional stupid one. Secondly, I know you didn’t apply but I’m really confused where you got the idea you weren’t smart enough.”
"Mama they speak Italian!" Tony exclaims with wonder. Only not everyone is. They pass a pair of old men who are yabbering at one another in what might as well be chicken clucks to Tony's ears. It's strange. He knows they aren't speaking German but it's like they're trying. Every now and then a word will sort of make sense, only it's as if they're all babies again garbling the sounds and mashing them together.
Tony taped on his tablet, pulling up the schematics for new armor improvements and resolutely doesn't look at Clint as the tom says his name softly.
Tony sucked in a slight breath. He knew how badly he'd fucked things up, and what a hard time she was going to have facing the trouble that Robert was stirring up. She was always cleaning up his messes. Shielding him. Loving him even though he was probably the least deserving person on the planet.
“Likely the same way Asgardians did among the Norse." Jane speculated, a glint of excitement in her eye. "Though the implications of that are pretty astounding. It begs the question of how they got here. Are they capable of traversing through dimensions themselves or were they brought by someone else?"
He perked up a bit when he noticed the very tailored looking (aka very tight) red sweater the tom was sporting and the way it lovingly clung to an unexpectedly well-muscled chest.
"I see." Thor murmured thoughtfully in answer to Tony's statement. "Then we must find a bigger tree. We shall cut down the largest we can find in the nine realms and have a gathering the likes of which would put my younger self to shame!"
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony grumbled as he went to fetch his suit cases from the back of the rental. Barton of course didn’t deign to lend him a helping hand. No biggie. He had this. He was just sweating through a suit that cost more than Barton’s stupid truck but whatever. By the time Tony clamored inside the passenger's seat his shirt was soaked through and he’d ditched his ridiculously expensive blazer in the dirt somewhere under the truck. He’d never liked this suit much anyway.
“Has the state government of Massachusetts relented to your terms then?” T’Challa questioned and Tony leaned closer toward him, smiling winsomely.
The tom's dark eyes moved from the other fel and landed on Tony like a ton of bricks, piercing and so full of heavy meaning that Tony had to fight not to shrink away from it.
It was called Nip for the obvious reasons. It had been developed in the early 19th century as a calming drug for aggressive kats. The narcotic was better than the best liquor, lowering inhibitions and muddling cognitive response three times the rate of alcohol in a baseline human. It was also, highly addictive, and for that reason most kat owners frowned upon its use. For at least a decade now there had been grumbling about outlawing the drug altogether.
In which the Avengers attend a gala and an old friend steps back into Tony's life just in time to remind him why he doesn't do the whole friend thing. But Natasha's got plans, so it's probably all going to go tits up anyway.
A polite round of claps, mostly from the staff Steve noticed, followed and Tony waited for it to die down before continuing.
“Do not worry Captain,” Thor’s voice rumbled lowly as he stepped up beside Steve at the window and placed a hand against his shoulder. Natasha and Clint joined them a second behind, Natasha wordlessly slipping her arm in his as if there was nothing to it. Steve didn’t know what it said that he found her closeness so immediately comforting, her scent doing a lot to dull the burn in his nose from the chemicals and the screaming absence of Tony’s. He felt his mouth twist upward, somewhere towards grateful though it felt like a grimace on his face and the line of her own mouth softened in reply.
"I'm Tony, this is Steve" he extended his hand for both to shake, deciding against code names because he didn't really see a point. His face was recognizable and a picture would say it all anyway. So far he didn't think anyone had recognized either of them and if they had they'd left them alone. That was all Tony could really ask for.
"I never said I'd never danced. She asked me how many dames I'd danced with a dame. Answers still zero." There was a sad edge creeping into his smile and Tony was sorry to have mentioned it.
When his clumsy infantile fingers accidentally meet the teeth of a saw Mama yells and tells Papa he needs to put a lock on his shop. He does.
Tony let the black rope of his tail swish languidly behind him, every line in his body perfectly relaxed and tried not to be too smug about the way Ty's golden eyes tracked the movement.
Tony hummed appreciatively, remembering well the bright soothing warmth that had flooded his body the last time he’d had the stuff. The grassy taste left a lot to be desired but it certainly didn’t disappoint in other areas.
“So, Princess. You’re twenty. Currently the property of Casey and Mapp architectural firm of Savannah Georgia. A student at MIT.” Tony switched tracks swiftly but kept his expression friendly. Princess sobered, folding her hands neatly in front of her and giving no sign that the sudden serious turn of the conversation bothered her in the least. “What are you studying?”
But it looked like Steve must have gotten delayed because Tony could see him now comfortably chatting with Rhodey and Carol at the food table near the almost certainly compromised punch bowl. Coulson was in the middle of trying to warn Happy who was ladling himself a liberal amount of eggnog into one of the giant reindeer shaped mugs that Harley had insisted on picking out for the occasion. Tony had protested very very vocally but he'd been overruled by big round watery kitten eyes because he was a marshmallow.
"Not this time. Kinda thankful for that." The wry twist of his lips didn't quite make it to his eyes. "Though I can't say I enjoyed what took its place. Not sure where my mind dug it up from."
Time travel. Tony had never really put much thought into it because worm holes and dimensional rifts are not really his vice of choice and they’ve already got one Reed Richards (the galaxy can’t really handle a second) but right now he’s honestly considering giving it some real thought; because he’d like to hop into a time machine right about now and go back.
He knew a call to arms when he heard it and couldn't shake the feeling that Tony was planning something bigger. He was holding things back, not showing them all of the cards he had in his hand and that meant leaving Steve to operate in the dark.
“I’m alright.” Tony responded after a moment, voice hoarse but gaining strength as he batted at Steve’s gripping hands. “You know I didn’t get around to asking, but I think that was a no on the sharing.”
"In those days they’d have taken him away if we got caught. If they thought we were too close, or he was too dangerous. I had to be the one to speak up, to draw the attention of the bullies, to order the raids on the Heat Houses, to make sure that no one forgot that he was mine and I’d never let them take him away or hurt him without a fight; because they always could. Because there was never much separating him from the little boy I first met who was in a cage hooked up to machines.
“I don’t know,” he admitted begrudgingly. “Yet. I’ve got JARVIS looking. If there was a security breach we’ll find it.”
Sonia listened carefully, nodding slightly as the girl went along. Her body language remained casual, as if she had not decided how invested she was in the conversation yet.
It was heartbreaking to see how territorial these kits got over things that other kids took for granted, like new clothes and funny pairs of thick socks. It wasn't that far from what Steve remembered from being a kid growing up in the depression. You learned to guard what you had because you never knew when you'd lose it.
“You’re up for it, aren’t you?” Tony turned on the dewy kitten eyes because no one ever said he didn’t know how to get what he wanted. “Smart tom like you probably knows more than half the quacks at SHIELD, don't you?”
They cut corners and use themselves as a test subject to save time and paperwork and they push themselves harder than they ever have. They can do this. They can create the perfect soldier. They can prove to the world and themselves that they aren’t a waste. They can fix what’s wrong inside and maybe then… maybe then, happiness. Maybe then Betty.
He was out of the suit and leaping at her before JARVIS could finish and she could even begin whatever monolog she’d had prepared, obviously not expecting him to be willing to risk the man’s life by going on the offensive.
This dream was stranger than the others. He was nowhere that he recognized and yet there was something achingly familiar about the shimmer of nearly too blue water shimmering under summer sun and the wind tossing the waves.
“It requires aggression,” T’Challa announced in a scathing tone, seemingly apropos of nothing. “Retracting them is easy, but arming myself depends on hormones your scientists correctly associated with aggression. That is why you have never seen the like here.”
“You’re a menace.” Tony shivered as Clint pressed his body close, licking a slow tantalizing stripe over the shell of his ear. “I promised Pepper I wouldn’t abuse my position as an authority figure, and I’m pretty sure taking advantage of my young unassuming new assistant was almost exactly why she made me promise that.”
Nyota scowled. She stretched her back until it popped and winced at the soreness there. She was glad they didn’t have to go surface side for awhile. Having the Avengers show up at their sting at ViXon hadn’t been the most fun she’d ever had.
“Who the hell do you think you are?” Mrs. Keener who was visibly shaking with fury spat, pointing one wrinkled finger in his direction.
It said something she wasn't ready to think about that she hesitated at the thought that Cap wasn't going to be happy about the risk she was taking. Poor Steve, whose loved ones refused to live quiet lives and let him take all the bullets and come home to dote on them. She wondered briefly if this was the mission that would do it. Every mission could kill her, she wasn't naive or arrogant enough to believe otherwise. That was her strength. She accepted the possibility of death without fear. She must trust her skillset. Her body. Her aim. Her determination to push harder and go farther than her opponent.
The research into nanorobotics was so young it didn't even have its milk teeth, but hey, no time like the present to revolutionize medical science. The answer was so obvious Tony was upset it hadn't occurred to him before now. The successful creation of a nano-sized machine that could pluck, pick and place atoms on a molecular level, able to pull apart any kind of material atom by atom, and use those atoms to re-construct anything (even armor); that was the answer to more than just Tony's problem. It was the answer to a great many problems for mankind.
So Tony was already falling by the time that M.O.D.O.K.'s energy beam blasted through the top of a building and sent heavy debris hurling after Tony's falling form.
Things are finally going good for Tony Stark. He's not dying, he's got his island, and thanks to a plucky young intern He's two steps closer to establishing a free country for Gata. While Tony sets the board, Clint waits for the inevitable, Steve struggles to figure out the rules of the game, and it all just feels like the pause before the storm.
"We agree. In times of uncertainty it is better to keep your friends close." T’Challa replied evenly and the tension coiled in Tony’s spine slowly eased, and thankfully the sharp scent of fight beginning to dissipate.
"Yeah well, lucky for me Reverend Wilson saw things differently." The tom replied, and when he didn’t go on Rhodes filled in.
He was vaguely aware of Catman throwing himself back over him and rolling them away, but he heard when Killian exploded clear as day and felt the wave of heat that passed over them.
"There are over a hundred different ways to break a human hand." she mused, as if someone had asked the weather, and Tony laughed into his drink.
Tony hated galas. Ever since Howard Stark had shocked the world by leaving his company to his kat, Tony had been thrust center stage and he’d long since accustomed himself to the spotlight, but he still despised the whole thing (necessary evil or not).
“Debar hasn’t tried to contact you since…” Steve began to ask but the sudden shuttering of Tony’s expression made him falter. None of them had heard from Debar or seen his masked alter-ego around town since Tony had discovered his identity. Tony figured the tom had skipped town once he’d realized his cover was about to be blown. Steve hoped it was as simple as that, but in his experience when people put that much effort into an operation it rarely was.
Bruce was a worry, because the domestication drugs had destroyed the functions in his brain that produced the chemical mixture that pushed a tom into fight, but the faulty serum and the gamma blast had obviously changed that. Anytime Bruce started smelling like fight, property damage usually followed.
But the woman who bounded over the railing of the platform she stood on was the shortest woman Tony had ever seen.
Most of the medical supplies that Tony needed were easily found in the bathroom off the kitchen, and Harley quickly rounded up everything else. Tony was throwing what food supplies were immediately available in the kitchen into a grocery bag when Harley appeared again, a duffel bag almost bigger than he was strapped to his back.
Steve sat at the table. Leftovers from yesterday's take out (Tony's turn to cook) open in front of him, but he didn't look all that focused on eating.
"What about you?" Tony turned toward T’Challa, corralling his wayward thoughts. “How come you’re here. Weren’t you scared I would turn your brain to mush? Seems an awfully big risk for a prince to take."
But Steve wasn't a kat, necessarily, and the expression on his face was the same kind of strained Bruce had glimpsed that afternoon and he wondered if the captain wasn't finding living in such close proximity to a group of kats hard to deal with.
Seeing Tony dressed up was never a hardship, and he was reallyin his element tonight. Tony’s white suit was striking under the lantern glow and it was hard to miss the flash of red and gold at his wrists, the wristlets Prince T’Challa had gifted him peeking out from the bottom of his cuffs.  Steve’s fingers itched. Some possessive part of him wanted to grab Tony by the hand and yank that armor off him, true enough, but a much larger part of him enjoyed the look of them too much. It was hard to tell whether the subtle aura of power they gave off was a part of their construction or a part of Tony himself. Maybe Tony was just a dangerous man. Would Tony let him sketch him in those? Maybe even in just those and nothing else. It would look incredible. That gold up against Tony’s olive skin, those ruby red lines glowing with life, almost enough to distract form the wicked glint in those whisky colored eyes.
Thank you for all the support!! I’m sorry about messing up with the chapters I have no idea what went wrong but it’s fixed now. Also someone asked if I had a set schedule for updates, I don’t right now. I try to write far ahead and I think I’m almost done with the writing, but when I do finish updates will most likely be more often. Thanks and much love to y’all!!
I finally finished writing so ya'll are getting two chapters in one day to celebrate. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy.
"Well it might help it, but if it doesn't then you really need to talk to someone. Sometimes your body expresses anxiety in physical ways." Steve just nodded, keeping his head down. "Steve you should be careful when you go back. You should avoid meeting or talking to Tony alone."
"You probably deserved it." Tony paused the elevator and turned toward Steve, grabbing his jaw, and squeezing. "And if you tell anyone, being shoved into the elevator won't be the worst thing that has happened to you. Got it?" Steve just flexed his jaw under the pressure and stared at Tony. "Answer me!" Tony slapped Steve. The shock of the blow caused Steve to tumble back and grab the railing in the elevator.
Steve curled up under the blanket and tried to act like he was asleep. He shuffled slightly when Nat entered.
"Any minute now Hawkeye." Tony retorted back. Behind him, Nat finished her beer and tapped Steve with her foot slightly.
"I'm not drunk anymore, I'm hungover and I know the perfect cure." Tony pounced on Steve, grabbing his hair and pulling him in for rough kisses.
"Damn it Steve! Friday get someone to clean this up." The elevator stopped and Tony basically dragged Steve out. He was dry heaving still, and immediately threw up into the trash can.
"Tony we don't want the pizza getting cold and I promise you it's nothing. I just love seeing you happy."
"Captain?" He could hear Friday call out his name, but he couldn't concentrate on the voice, he was trying to look around the room. There weren't any other people in the room.
Steve didn't even know that Bucky had arrived. When Steve asked Friday where Tony was, she informed Steve that Tony was finishing up tests on Bucky's arm. Steve had to run to the lab, making it just in time to walk Bucky out.
"Peter," Steve paused to take a deep breath. "You are brilliant, much smarter than I ever could be. You don't get that from me." A fresh set of tears streamed down Steve's face. "Peter I took you in. Your mother just got out of a bad relationship when she found out she was pregnant. She didn't want him to know so she came to me and asked if I would take you in, and raise you."
Tony came out wearing a nice suit jacket and his new pair of sunglasses. "Friday, after I leave, lock down the compound; Nobody in or out. And no changing floors. If Captain Rogers tries to leave in anyway, you are to alert me immediately."
"Thanks." Clint walked away from all the laughing and sarcastic comments and followed the hallway toward the bathroom. As he turned the corner to the left, he heard a loud crashing sound.
"Shit!" Tony got up immediately and set his plate down, the grabbed Steve's. "You need to go back to the bedroom and wait. Get under the covers and pretend that you're sick. Understand?"
"Breathe baby!" Tony pet Steve's face as he grunted, desperate to move. "Hey baby, it's okay. You need to relax. Take a deep breath." Tony took a deep breath to mimic what Steve should do.
"But- I- made us dinner. And I set up a table so we could eat together." Steve sounded quiet and meek, afraid.
"Damn Cap. You can't hid anything in those pants." Tony checked Steve out as he grabbed his wallet and keys.
"Damn it Steve." Dan took a hold of Steve's throat with his left hand, and punched him with the other. Steve stumbled back and grabbed the wall to steady himself. Dan shoved Steve in the chest back against the wall and punched him again. Steve fell to the ground. He punched him again, and again, and again. Steve was laying on the ground, blood poured out of his nose, and mouth.
"You don't know what you're talking about. Tony loves me, I'm just not good enough for him. All I have is Tony. And he does so much for me I could never even repay him. Of all the people out there, he choose me and he shouldn't have. I'm worthless so I need to do everything in my power to keep him, even if that means giving up my power!"
"Anthony Stark, what the hell is wrong with you? I should knock you out. I should call Fury and let him beat your ass. Do you understand-"
Steve nodded, then turned back to the cabinets, grabbing a large pot, and an oven safe serving bowl. He set the oven to the correct temperature, and got to work making dinner. As the water boiled, he brought a small table out onto the balcony, spread a tablecloth over it, and went back to the kitchen to check the water.
"This is pathetic. You just got some. You want my dick now?" Tony leaned forward and sucked on an already dark spot of skin. "You want me to push you against the wall, and fuck you rough and hard. I would grab your hair, and bit your neck. And just as you were about to cum, I'd throw you to the floor and make you get me off. I'd fuck your face until you were gagging. Your pretty eyes would be full of tears. And then when I was done, you would have to use my shoe to get off." Tony pumped faster. "And then when you came, I'd make you clean it all up. Every. Single. Drop." Steve started to back away, but Tony followed. "You'd fucking love it. Pathetic slut." Steve bit his lip. A slightly moan still escaped and he turned bright red. "And then I'd make you sit under my desk with my cock in your mouth while I worked. Every so often I'd rub your dick with my foot, but you'd be trapped for hours." Tony gave a harsh pull on Steve's dick. Steve moaned loudly as he spilled all over Tony's hand.
The elevator went up then stopped. Tony opened the door and was greeted by a dark room that had a soft glow from the candles that were set up around the dinning room.
"Fantastic." Steve muttered, partially because he had more time, but also because he found the expensive champagne he was saving for a special occasion. He set it down on the bar.
"You know what, I'll walk with you. I have a question for you anyway." Clint got on the elevator before Steve could protest. "Steve, I know." Steve's wheezing stopped momentarily.
They didn't talk on the way back to the room. Steve could hear the doctor occasionally greeting someone in the hallway, but he refused to let everyone see how ashamed he was.
There was a short silence before Bucky shifted in his seat. "What happened that caused the bruises?"
"Tony I won't fight you." Steve stood up and didn't move. "Please." Steve whispered as Tony walked closer.
"Steve, I know. About Tony." The elevator stopped and Clint followed Steve out. Steve scrunched his eyes together to get rid of the tears.
"This isn't rough!" Nat grabbed Steve's arm to hold up his wrist. He flinched away. "This looks like rape, Tony."
Sam shook his head and held up his finger, silently asking him for a second. Sam turned to his side and picked up the remote to the television. He turned the TV off, shoved another spoonful of oatmeal in his mouth, and turned his attention to Steve.
"No. Steve, let's just go to bed and deal with everything in the morning." He held his hand out toward Steve. "We are both too emotional for this." Steve grabbed his hand gently. "Come on baby." Tony pulled Steve into a hug, playing with the hair on the back of his head.
I apologize for my lack of writing skills. I am writing the second part and trying to do better. Also, if you don't like the story, then please just don't read. There's no reason to spread hate. I totally understand, we all have our own opinion. However that doesn't mean you should be outright rude and unkind. (This goes for anyone's stories, works, and everything else.) Some people like constructive criticism, (I do!) but be kind and gentle about it. Thank you! I hope y'all have a lovely day or night or whatever it is for you.
"Damn. I hope I won't have to do it again." Tony gave Steve one of the plates and sat down next to Steve. "What movie are we watching?"
Tony had Steve pushed up against the wall as they made out, except Tony had one hand on Steve's crotch, and the other was pulling his hair.
"Yes you do." Clint grabbed Steve's arm. Steve immediately froze, but Clint walked around to face him. "Tony hits you. I saw what happened in the lab I had Friday pull up the video for me. I heard the sound from when Tony shoved you." Steve shook his head.
"Alright. I'm going to bed." Peter looked over to Tony again, before turning around and getting back on the elevator.
"No, it's fine. I'd like to take this patient myself." The nurse looked at Steve for a long moment, and walked away nodding.
"Sam," Steve walked in and sat in the seat across from Sam. Sam shoved a spoonful of oatmeal into his mouth and glanced at Steve. "I have to go back."
"Captain Rogers is suffering an asthma attack. He is in his quarters, Agent Barton went to get his rescue inhaler."
Steve went back to the balcony, double checked everything, then stood in front of the elevator waiting. When the doors started to open, Steve smiled. His eyes crinkled as he couldn't contain the excitement he had.
"Well the most you can do, is work it out. Exercising is probably one of the best things you could do when you have lots of stress. Or have you heard about progressive muscle relaxation?" Steve shook his head no. "So you start with your hand." Sam tightened his hand and held it. "You make a fist as tight as you can, hold it for a couple seconds, then let go. Then move up." Sam released his fist, then tighten it again, along with his fore arm. "And you just do it up through your arm. It also works with your legs if you bounce your leg."
"N-No! That's not what I said and that's not true!" The elevator door opened and Tony was able to catch Steve off guard and shove him to the elevator floor. "Tony-"
Steve sat in the elevator reflecting on that time. Before he dated Tony. When he and Peter decided to stay in the tower because it would be easier on Steve and more fun for Pete. When Steve and Tony started dating, the transition was gradual. Steve talked to Peter about spending more time on Tony's floor, and Peter was excited to have Steve's floor to himself.
"Oh Steve. You should've just told me. I wouldn't have had to do this. You, Peter, and I could've lived so happily if you had just told me." Tony's hand remained a gently but solid weight on Steve's waist. "I've got help coming. Okay?" Steve blinked heavily, and nodded the best he could. "Don't forget baby, you could've avoided this. Right? Sometimes your mind is to dumb to think about what your doing. But it's okay baby, you're going to be better right?" Steve didn't move, but kept staring at Tony the best he could. "Right baby, you're going to do better?"
Steve winced as he readjusted on the coach. Tony walked in carrying a two plates of pancakes and laughed.
Tony sighed and walked toward the table. It had three white candles in the middle, two set places, and a glass of champagne next to each plate. Tony sat at one place and waited for Steve to come.
"You can't remember because you're drunk." Steve laughed at Tony and pulled him into a hug. They sat like this, Steve holding Tony to his chest, until Steve fell asleep. As soon as Tony realized that Steve was asleep, he wiggled out of Steve's grip, and quickly went down to his lab. He grabbed the little red remote, and the headphones that went with it. He went back up to his room and hid it under his pillow, then returned back to the couch.
"Are you sure? I can figure something else out. And Tony's never hurt him, or hurt me around him for that matter." At this point, Steve's arm was trembling unconsciously.
Steve pushed himself off the bed. He ignored his phone buzzing and walked to the bathroom. Steve turned on the water, and turned to close the door. He wanted to take the shower that Tony stopped him from doing before. He walked to the door awkwardly, not wanting to feel the sticky substances on the back of his thighs. He focused on the sound of the shower and the water hitting the ground. As he was shutting it, Tony stopped it.
"Then later on, Steve and I found out that the same guy was part of Hydra." Nat raised her beer and drank it.
"Yes? If she's my real mother then I really want to get to know her, if that's okay. I want to get to know her. I have questions I want to ask if I can."
"I don't try? You want me to try harder? Fine." Steve stood up from the table. "Friday call the head of psychology department at-"
"I don't need to see a shrink. Steve I need you and your support." Tony reached for Steve's hand and held it. "I just need more support from you."
"Pathetic." Dan grabbed Steve's hair, pulled him up, and helped him stand. He untied Steve's hands. "Strip." Steve undid his pants and let them fall to the floor before he slowly bent over and took them off.
Steve started to pull his shirt off, and Tony unfolded the gown. When his shirt was off, Steve stood up, leaning heavily on one leg instead of both. He hesitated slightly, but undid his knee brace, then slowly undid his pants, without touching his boxers. He sat, pulled the pants off from around his ankles, and stretched his arm in front of him. Tony draped the blue sheet over him, and shoved Steve so he could tie the gown.
"Peter," Steve said in a low voice. "I have to tie up loose ends with Tony before it comes back to bite me- us, in the butt. And you have to stay here so that you're safe."
Steve forced himself up. He tried to crawl, but mostly dragged himself using his arms. He worked his way to Tony, smearing the puddles of blood. "I-" His voice cracked. "I'm sorry Tony." Steve tried to lift himself into Tony's lap. A hard kick to his groin stopped him.
"No! Peter you are brilliant and strong. But you are also kind, compassionate, and caring. You got the best parts of both your parents. You are so good that you could never ever hurt someone like Tony does." Steve paused. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you."
"…I thought the man was going to kill me right there." Tony was telling the story of his court appearance. "Those were good times."
When Tony finished, Steve felt humiliated. He was in so much pain, and he could feel the blood flowing out of him. Tony gathered all the white sprirts on Steve face on his finger.
"You better be a good boy." Tony said. Steve had barley registered what Tony had said before Dan was kissing him, his tongue forcing itself into Steve's mouth. Steve pulled away, but Tony's hand kept his head in place. "Easy honey." Tony grabbed onto Steve's hair.
"Captain, sir?" The elevator opened, and on of the interns from Stark Industries stood there holding a bag from Steve favorite bakery.
"Hey Stevie, open up!" Tony playfully slapped Steve's cheek twice. "Come'on Cap! Open your pretty blue eyes!"
They sat in silence for a bit, but Steve knew better than to start the conversation. He kept his body rigid, and his eyes downcast.
A knock on the door caused Tony to abruptly let go of Steve's hair, instead he pet it gently. The door opened and a doctor walked in, followed by Natasha.
"I don't know! He's being a jerk lately. He said that he's going to meet me down there and that we will stay at Sam's for a little bit."
"I- I don't even- I need to go, just promise that you'll come and check on Steve tomorrow. Promise."
"Let's just go to my bathroom. It's right here honey." Tony lead Steve, letting him take all the time necessary. "Bath or shower?"
"No, don- let 'em." Steve stared at the elevator, before his eyes started drooping. "I gotta... move." His arm reached out, but he was too tired to do anything.
"I have to go back to New York." Peter's face dropped. "I know Pete, but I have to get everything with Tony figured out. It won't take me long, and I'll be staying at my own place. The only problem is that I think it's best to leave you here."
Steve just scowled to himself and dropped the shirt he was holding not knowing if it was to old looking.
Tony let go of Steve's hand. He walked out of the room, and returned a minuet later with a blanket. Tony walked to the couch, and held out a hand to Steve. Steve cautiously walked to Tony, and sat on the couch next to him.
"Where does that shit coated gear stick get off speaking for me? Cognitively impaired. Can you believe that?"
Clint glanced down at the soft sound of her voice but Natasha didn’t look away from the controls of the jet, as if to lead by example, and Clint smiled despite himself.
Tony, just like last time had chosen to forgo wearing one of his signature suits to don a more socially accepted version of evening attire for Gata.
He wants to be there so badly, but Vankov is prattling on about how Tony needs to study and how if he doesn’t take his education seriously he’s going to be a worthless drain on society, and Tony just starts reciting from the first page, because he already knows this!
He understood the need for solitude, Bruce. He'd always found the quiet of his own laboratory kind of comforting.
Dude turned and just looked at him, and oh hey, he’s got these weird spidery veins glowing all over his skin and his eyes look like a lava pit, and oh shit!
“Is this the same Papa who used to tell you not to play with your food?” Tony teased, “he sounds like a drag.”
Later, when he’s back to himself he learns that Betty was injured in the destruction. Amory is dead.
Ivan pushed against Stark’s mind, eyes narrowing in frustration when he did not find the familiar sensation of Stark’s mind drawing him in. It was always Ivan evading Stark in the past, throwing up resistance and going on the offensive in order to eject his enemy from his head. But this time Ivan slammed into a wall. A trembling wall, behind which he could hear and feel the signs of life. It was far from impenetrable, with none of the power and confidence he had grown used to from Stark. In fact, Ivan could have sworn he’d tasted the distinct whiff of panic – of feminine terror – before that wall came slamming down to repel him.
“You should apologize to Mika by the way. She sniffled all night, cause she thinks you’re going to give her back to her old masters.”
There were unshed tears in his eyes, but it was the naked grief in them that helped Tony finally understand why Catman had called it Bond Bleeding. Steve couldn’t have bled more if someone had shot him and held the wound open.
Clint's not human, at least not the sort of human that other human beings recognize as human. He's 'Gata' which means that he's homo-catus, which for those without a PHD in biology means he's a human feline hybrid.
Steve stepped back with a shuddered breath, the vison fading away but Tony swore he could still smell sand and beach and feel the warmth of the sun pressing down on his skin for a few lingering seconds.
"Tony?" Bruce's voice came through the door along with a hesitant knock. He poked his head through a moment later and eyed Tony as well as the syringe in his hand warily, "We're still waiting... what are you doing?"
Loki was imprisoned on Asgard and Thor did not imagine that Clint welcomed the prospect of being close to him, or that Clint was all that trustful of other Asgardians besides Thor himself.
Tony rolled his eyes, because he was pretty sure Thor was just being an asshole now and pretending not to pick up their speech patterns.
“No, of course not. Not what I meant.” Tony replied through gritted teeth. “I meant I don’t want to go back with Bruce.”
“It should have worked right? You said the portal could take us through time as well as dimensions so… we should be home before the incursion happened?” she asked, pushing a strand of her dark hair out of her eyes. “So all we’ve got to do is go down there and get them right?”
Ok, he wasn’t being entirely fair. There had been good things about spending part of his year in Richardsville. Ma Rogers for one.  A more amazing woman does not exist. She’d run the little clinic in town with Doc Connors for as long as Tony could remember and had been a part time nurse over at the youth home just as long.
“I want to build a nation.” Tony finally admitted out loud, throat tightening as the images circled above their heads. It had to be if the Gata who lived there were going to truly be granted freedom and keep it. It would not be an uncontested freedom, but Tony was going to give them all the teeth and claw they’d need to maintain it.
“Yes. He was surprised but eager to schedule a sit-down. Do you really think it’s wise, scheduling a meeting with a potential terrorist?”
Nyota felt another pang of misery at the thought. It sucks to get your wish sometimes. Cause now everyone in Resilience is dead and their Pride is completely gone. Poor Anna Jones is dead.
Princess made a show of tapping away at her tablet and Tony snorted, taking a long sip of his coffee. His nose had been right, it was made perfectly, but he’d come to expect nothing else from Princess.
“Your Papa’s in a pickle Tony, my boy. If the men refuse to work then we don’t have a product and if we don’t produce a product, well… it’s a rough spot to be in Tony. I won’t lie to you.”
. He tried to will himself. Tony was where he needed to be, and T’Challa’s hands were nothing but professional as they methodically inserted needles and tubing expertly into Tony’s giving flesh. Maybe he was looking for it, but it was obvious to him at least that the tom could not completely detach himself from the proceedings as if this were any other operation. It was in his focus, and the unconsciously tender way he and Bruce were handling Tony’s body. It wasn’t just a body to either of them. It was
“We’ve narrowed it down to four possibilities.” Agent Coulson answered. “AIM owns a mega facility in Switzerland that can’t be discounted. There are a couple smaller buildings in New York registered under a dummy company called Nater Mechanics, along with a vacant warehouse in Tennessee that is registered to an Alex Mathers who previously worked for Nater. ”
It’s wrong, but he can’t focus on that. It’s like he’s on a track and there’s no getting off it. He’s an actor in a play, bound by contract to perform what has already been scripted. He has to do what he came to the store to do.
If the time ever came when the two countries were at odds he’d have already developed ten different ways to make her think twice about trying to take the house in the split.
The tender feeling that evoked was short lived, chased by the proverbial dark cloud that was Ivan, the Soldier, the man whose memory Natasha kept so tightly to her breast and whose secrets she still guarded. It felt like a betrayal, because in a way it was. Natasha had given her life to him and not Ivan and to his own growing discomfort Tony was discovering that there was something buried deeply inside of him that was extremely possessive over that fact. She was either his or she wasn’t and if she wasn’t his then she was a threat. A threat that had to be removed.
"Just on this one?" He teased. "You do know that I'm always right? I have the math to prove it, seriously I made a chart once."
By the time the others arrived Tony had already blasted apart the trucks and left a fiery trail behind him leading into the building.
Police were reporting that a pair of masked assailants had broken into Oscorp Tower and injured several security personnel. The group had caused some property damage, injured the police who’d arrived on scene and tangled with a masked man, whom locals had taken to calling the Spiderman. It was kind of alarming watching the grainy security footage of the webbed vigilante as he (or she) traded blows with a slight figure in an unfamiliar silver battle suit. It was similar to Natasha’s skin-tight catsuits leaving nothing to the imagination. Steve could see clearly the assailant’s powerful legs and the toned musculature of their arms, as well as the incriminating tube shape of a covered tail.
“He’ll overthink it you know. He’ll find a way to twist it around in his head so that he’s failed you, and it can only mean that the Pride is going to fail with him at the helm. Bruce will stop trying to learn Korean and will never get up the courage to ask the Cho’s if he can see her. The future is whatever it will be but if we rob them of hope now, I don’t think we’ll be changing it for the better.”
His teeth ache and he tastes blood in his mouth. It’s his, he’s bitten his tongue, but he wants it to be Brian’s. He desperately wills himself to lunge forward, to bite, but it’s all just wishful thinking. His limbs are weak with terror. He’s weak.
oh, let’s not be coy Tony. We all know General Ross would love to soup up a hundred more kats and send you all out to do his dirty work. He’s pushed for it for years, and the public has been the one to suffer each time some supposedly rehabilitated kat with a fresh set of claws shakes the leash.
Clint had never hoped to have anything like a last name or someone to miss him. That was gold to him back then.
“It did, and it’s the only reason we’re having this little talk and I didn’t just crack your mind open and go digging for the truth.” He growled back in answer and he felt the tension drawing tight in the room, tighter than a bowstring as silence fell heavily between the three of them.
with T’Challa (the only professional on Gata bonds they had) and then make an informed decision on what he wanted to do next; and not because the guy was sexier than kat nip and had asked him to, but because Tony was a perfectly well-rounded and well-reasoned adult. That’s why!
as Tony was to be with Captain America. But he wasn't the captain right now. He was just Steve, some kid from Brooklyn who wanted a night with his date with no regrets and Tony was just Tony.
Tony can admit that he was a pretty lost soul as a kid. Too smart and too bored for his own good. Always stuck at home all summer while his parents gallivanted off to parts unknown, because apparently the months while Tony was away at boarding school wasn’t enough time away from him.
"But I would still feel more comfortable if we had a real doctor consult, before we go any further."
Wordlessly he and Bruce crawled closer, lending Clint their aid in warming up her chilled skin, none of them speaking except for Clint who murmured soft soothing things in her ear.
“And here I had my paperwork all filled out.” He grinned momentarily allowing himself to enjoy her comradery and letting the worry building in his chest to unwind. He’d never thought one day he’d be running missions with a Russian spy at his back, but he was really growing to like their partnership. She was surprisingly grounding.
Which meant interviewing educated Gata applicants and reviewing their contracts with Pepper and his crack team of lawyers to assess the best way for Stark Industries to buy them. On the other end of the Resilience project, there was an ever-growing list of shelters and owners seeking an easy way to get rid of unwanted pets and strays in a humane fashion, that allowed them to feel better about themselves.
Tony let his suit peel away from his face, the plates appearing to slide and dissolve back into his skin until his head was free and he could feel the cool night air on his face. He took a deep breath and fought for calm.
“Final question. The contractor you’re paying ridiculous amounts of money to build your city on an island in the middle of winter, suddenly stops for reasons you both know are bullshit, in the hopes of squeezing more money out of you. What do you do?” Tony asked.
The fact that they called Tony that (something monstrous and deadly) like it was somehow cute had angered Steve, but it was hard not to let first impressions get tainted by such a barrage of negativity at once. Hard not to instinctively judge the sheer excess of wealth and hedonists waste that Tony so casually indulged in when last week (last week seventy years ago) Steve had been on rations.
"Are you often suicidal Mr. Stark?" Even with the heavy modulation from his mask Catman's tone was chastising. It was probably just his imagination but Tony thought he could feel the man quivering against his chest, locked as tightly to it as he was, as if the guy's nerves hadn't quit jumping yet.
Tony bit his lip, staying stubbornly silent. Maybe that’s how it was supposed to work but Bruce and T’Challa hadn’t been there. They couldn’t know. Tony had heard their voices, seen their most intimate memories and fed off of their strength. He’d felt them grow weak but it wasn’t like he’d consciously decided to stop except for –
That wasn't fair, he berated himself. Pepper and Rhodey did the best they could with what Tony gave them. They weren't to blame for patterns Tony himself had set. But this was a fresh slate. Luke didn't know yet just how much of a wreck Tony was and hadn't spent decades of his life keeping Tony together when he refused to do it himself.
He’s not any better off than she is really. His whole body is hot and all he can see is red, as rage storms through him, swallowing everything.
Steve smiled softly and pulled him against his chest, pressing an even softer kiss against Tony’s worried brow and murmured once more with finality, “No contest.”
Here's the thing. Tony knows how to flirt. He can flirt with the best of them. He flirts statistically almost as much as he breathes and doesn't take half of it to heart.
“I’m sure he would.” Clint assured him with a surprising touch of gentleness, but then again the archer had very good eyes. “I’m shit with relationships but even I know Bruce is right. It’ll be the thought that counts.”
Ivan has lost others… they let him keep those memories, if not always their associations. He has felt the torment of watching what belongs to him slowly blead out in his arms. He knows the dull unrelenting ache of missing, that is touching a person’s mind and knowing them in their entirety only to have their screams follow him as every cell in his body freezes and he is swallowed by silence.
He’s also distracted by her and that’s a mistake because the solider’s fist slams against his skull and then a knife is tearing into his gut and his head explodes with pain.
"Couldn't sleep either?" Steve murmured, food cartons rustling as he presumably went back to eating.
“But I bet Dyson is billing us for every hour his men are just sitting around picking their asses on my land.” He scoffed in reply. “This is about money Pep. He thinks he can take advantage of the situation and squeeze more money out of me.”
"Well you might be right, we'll certainly see." Robert conceded graciously but Tony knew there was nothing gracious left in Stone.
"Well that's humbling." Tony muttered, tears welling in his eyes that he blinked away. "You sure know how to charm a guy Big Green."
The pride wasn’t going to work if those two didn’t work (because Bruce was pretty sure there was going to be blood if those two didn’t work).
He swallowed the words because they weren't right. He wouldn't do that to Steve (to either of them) when it had taken so much out of Steve to voice these thoughts and say those words.
"You know Tony in some circles of thought, the search for knowledge is thought to be as close to the divine as man can get. What do you think of that?"
He took a record quick shower anxious to get to the communal kitchen for his coffee and to assure himself with his own two eyes that Natasha really was none the worse for wear from her ordeal. Helen had been monitoring the three of them closely as this was the first time they’d tried separating over long distances. Even though the data suggested there shouldn’t be any immediate complications, none of them had wanted to be caught unaware.
Studying BX and harvesting it for use in the nanobots had forced Tony to put several other projects on the back burner though. And if he was going to keep to his word and discover Catman's identity by Tuesday he only had three more days to do it.
Obadiah didn’t let them see the bodies before the funeral, something about not wanting to upset them when they’re delicate. Mrs. Sousa ‘call me Peggy’ insists on taking them to see their mother before she is put the ground.
Rushed drugs combined with the usual forms of exploitation and abuses made it easy for anyone with half a brain to see why they had more deaths per year due to aggressive kats than anywhere else in the world. Ten years ago, a youth movement had successfully managed to unite Gata and the countries beleaguered working class. They’d put up a rebellion against the government that had resulted in a lot of death and property damage but no better treatment for the poor and disenfranchised.
"He's fine too.” Bruce quickly interjected. “I won't pretend it wasn't frightening when he started to go down but it stopped. Tony you stopped. You protected him."
“Tony could you really be…?” he trailed off, eyes flicking down to Tony’s stomach anxiously as if he might have grown inches there in the last couple of seconds. He still looked slightly panicked, but there was an edge of wonderment there now that made Tony’s heart thump hard.
So Steve wasn’t up to date on how people were getting together these days but he knew the basics. He couldn’t just assume that he and Tony were dating because they hung out and talked more now, even if it often felt like dating. They’d agreed to get to know one another and try and sort out if a relationship was something they both wanted. Well Steve was pretty sure he did, so that meant he’d have to get up the courage to ask Tony out officially.
She looked toward Nyota and Riri again, because the two of them along with Amory had been the ones to help with the device.
Until last night that is, because he doesn’t need to let his hand drift up to the back of his neck and let his fingers press against the tender skin, or feel the fading imprint that Steve’s teeth had left, Extremis already busy at work healing the bruised and broken skin. He’d felt it already this morning, in the clear light of day. He’d remembered starkly the intense pleasure pain that had shot through his body as Steve bit down, drowning out everything that wasn’t Steve and
“JARVIS!” Tony hollered, sliding out from under the machine. “Are you just letting people sneak up on me now? What if he’d been AIM?”
Tony and the rest of the team had been halfway to Sokovia when Coulson finally got them to turn around. He’d been adamant that Natasha and Clint were being extracted, making it clear that their presence in a hot zone was only going to make it hotter.
Mama and Hughard travel back and forth between the Stark Yards in Pola and Germany but Tony stays behind at the summer villa whenever he can. Jarvis and Ana run the summer villa, and that above all makes it Tony’s favorite of their houses.
They’d taken a bad hit during their mission to VIXON. The ark wasn’t as big as the hellicarrier dad had once built for SHIELD. There was just enough space for a few sleeping quarters, a canteen and some lab space.
“I think that luring the boss to upstate is a perfect opportunity for a super spy I know to take a look around the crib. See what he’s been up to.” Tony said, just as JARVIS alerted him that the team was on their way.
If he hadn’t discovered Stane’s double dealing and decided to spite the man, Tony would likely still be Obi’s property; and considering that Obi had organized his capture and torture by terrorists – yeah, Tony would raise a toast to his old man’s sour grapes any day.
Ross reminds them from time to time that they are an investment in the future and that he expects a return on that investment. They are property and nothing more. The reminders are painful.
Zola leans over the soldier where he is strapped in the bed, sweat from the sweltering heat in the room dripping down his brow and his round glasses glinting in the strange blue light.
Nyota couldn’t help a cackle at his nauseous expression and he smirked triumphantly at the sound. Damn it. Trust Barnes to always know how to get under her skin. Sighing she got up from the chair, but paused before she took his offered hand, biting the corner of her lip.
Sonia Dyson might live the life of a pampered society wife but she was way more than just the wife of the CEO of one of the world’s biggest construction firms. She was old money, and shrewder than a miser when it came to keeping money in the family. She played a game that Tony knew well, and she played it better than anyone else he knew.
When the drugs had been developed, their far reaching genetic influence had been seen as a plus. It was impossible to find a kit whose sires hadn't been domesticated, so none of these subjects could meet the full expectations of the program either. The conditioning ran too deep, the kits could not develop a hunters mindset and they failed to form anything close to the powerful prides of old.
Tony is jubilant when they go, carting off the real thief but for some reason the negro boy is shaking his head and muttering at him under his breath.
"Yeah, sure, whatever you like Katniss. It's not like you're gonna get banished from the island. Unless of course it's for bad taste, because you know, purple." Tony answered with a grimace, going back to tapping on his tablet, happy that neither his voice nor the stupid tail and ears give away the tension keeping his body tight.
“That’s important because everything that made you you was gone and you didn’t have any time to miss your friends or to figure anything out. I mean what if America had been taken over by Nazi’s or something while you were asleep? How would you even know you weren’t being used? And you were, right? Because it was really unfair when you think about it. Kind of like they knew you’d say yes so they asked, even though you’d already served your time and probably just needed to go home and rest. So that’s why more and more paradoxes are popping up; because the old you can’t exist anymore but you’re not allowed to rest and find the new you. You’re like, Captain America forever now, all the time, and that’s like huge because according to my math you’re just going to keep losing points and hit the bottom of the - ”
“And the reports say nothing was taken?” Steve asked once more, like he thought the answer might have changed and JARVIS reconfirmed that the early reports from the incident indicated that the thieves had not taken anything in their raid.
"I said do not engage Stark!" Cap growled like a broken record. "He's got something that interferes with our tech-"
His eyes quickly scanned the deceptively empty hall until he spotted the small black device on top of a pile of broken plaster. He marched over and crushed it with his heel. He could tell that had effectively killed the noise when Peter slumped over, releasing his ears with a painful moan and Steve did the same and slowly straightened once more.
Steve nodded slightly. He wasn’t surprised. His nose had already told him that Sam was feral, and in America the only way that happened (if your father wasn’t Howard Stark) was if some bastard bred you in an underground basement and jabbed you full of ReAgression injections to prepare you for a life of cage fighting. Those kats never lived long, and when they did they were so screwed up in the head from the trauma and the hormone imbalance that there was no saving them. It wasn’t right or fair, but the reality was that nine times out of ten it was better to put them down than to try, and risk people getting hurt.
Even from across an ocean, he and Bruce had known the exact moment when the bullet had pierced her. For a split moment they’d both been jerked out of their own consciousness to find themselves sharing Natasha’s as she’d curled on a rocky beach at the bottom of a cliff, desperately trying to stem the flow of blood from the gaping wound in her side. It had been over and done in nearly a split second but Tony had nearly lost a finger because jerky movements and heavy power tools don’t mix. After that the discomfort of separation had become intense, the urge to get to their injured packmate refusing to go ignored.
“Why the hell am I in here?” he rasped out, and Bruce’s mouth tightened, his eyes glancing away as he searched for words.
“Nor so happy to lose to a foreign Pride,” Nakia added in a poignant way. She was leaning up against the bar, watching where Natasha was mixing up one of her secret revival smoothies. She refused to tell anyone what was in them exactly but there was nothing like them for giving the old tired system a jolt. Nakia had turned her head to stare at T’Challa, who frowned at her with a distinct air of embarrassment behind it. The she-tom smirked.
To Steve he resembled one of the pirates of the stories he’d read in his youth, sexy and dangerous and enviously uninhibited. He was mesmerizing. It was hard to look anywhere else.
At the shelter he was just Charlie and that was good enough, so long as he didn’t cause trouble. He hadn't even needed to lie that much. If he'd never been arrested he might very well have wandered off the street one day just the same way.
So far, the infiltration into AIM hadn’t dug up anything noteworthy and to all appearances, things were quiet for his teammates. Natasha was a worrying blip in the back of Tony’s mind because she’d been dark for twenty-four hours and had yet to check in, but he reminded himself that technical interference was always a possibility and if she were in any sort of real trouble she would have activated her E.T.
“Is he still communicating with you?” Steve asked neutrally. Way too neutrally to be anything but bullshit. The whiff of pepper Tony caught in his nose told Tony everything he needed to about how Steve felt about that notion.
Tony wasn't too miffed about it. He still got to have Steve Rogers between his legs as they roared out of the tower garage, so whoever said he couldn't graciously concede defeat was a damn liar.
They shrink, curling themselves into a ball against her chest. They don’t like Sir. He barks at them and sticks them with needles. He asks them to do things that they don’t understand and they get hurt when they don’t. Sometimes they get hurt even when they do.
Osborn wasn’t as obsessive about security as Tony was but it wasn’t like he just let anyone waltz into his facilities. Most of his security was Stark Tech, a season or so outdated but still better than any of the other shit on the market. It was galling to even admit but the thieves had sliced through Oscorps security programs like butter, using some sort of hack that mimicked as an alpha override.
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Wanda scoffed beside him, her mouth curling in a small grin as she added, “We did not go to the Black Castle to serve the new order, but to survive it.  And we are going to survive it.”
"Sir, Captain Rogers is asking for access to the lab," JARVIS interrupted, and the A.I. waited until their laughter had died before asking. "May I allow him in?"
She and Clint had been gone a total of six days. Besides an annoying itch of discomfort in the back of their minds, Tony and Bruce had found themselves missing her in a strangely tangible way, the ache for her return and the longing in the pit of their stomachs all too physical a sensation. But all and all as far as their lives as Avengers were concerned, nothing that couldn’t be soldiered through so long as nobody got hurt.
It hadn’t really occurred to Tony either (he isn’t without his own prejudice) but that wasn’t the reason he froze like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming semi. No, he froze because the handsome tom flanked by two frankly terrifying looking she-toms in sleek black body-con dresses was none other than Luke. Or (not) Luke he should say. Not Luke at all, because apparently, Luke just a lackey spy from Wakanda, was actually Prince T’Challa. Unless they had a completely non-western view of gender in Wakanda.
“Remember Tony, your connection to Steve and Natasha is metaphysical. By opening your mind to them you’re also opening it to Barnes,” Bruce explained, attaching the last of the connecting wires to Tony’s right temple. The other two had been outfitted first.
Okay look it’s like this. Tony drank some alien soup once that blew his mind so wide open he saw a glimpse of the future. A future where he was mated to the guy of his literal dreams and they had a kid. Great looking kid. Cute kid. Perfectly symmetrical all American baby gap cute kid, with Steve’s blue eyes and dark hair likely from Tony’s side of the gene pool (not that he’s obsessed over this much) and just… just a really amazing kid. A kid that was the embodiment of everything Tony had never thought he’d get the chance to have. No big deal.
"If I may, Director Fury?" Coulson spoke up before any of the others could, which was probably for the best all things considered. "Captain Rogers did bring his concerns to me regarding Tony's declining condition."
Bruce wouldn't have to spend every waking moment consciously holding back and feeling like a ticking time bomb.
The intensity of the flare-ups kind of made him needy and in the thick of it he disliked the feeling of being empty, so the whole dildo thing was Bruce’s way of accommodating him and also nabbing some much-needed shut eye. Didn’t make it any less awkward on the flip side of things.
His heart swelled at the sight, too big in his chest, too much, and Tony blinked back the sudden onset of tears.
Fury snapped the screen closed with the jab of a button, mouth set in a  piqued scowl as he stared down the long table at those members of the team who weren't currently holed up in hospital beds, which included Thor, who had showed up that morning, angry to have missed the crisis.
“The truth is a matter of circumstance, Rogers. It's not all things to all people all the time. And neither am I. “Natasha’s answer was dry and her smirk was knowing, like she’d already counted on him rejecting her advice. She probably had, and it was sad to think that even so, she believed the words she was saying.
It was almost comical how dumbfounded the mercenaries looked when he appeared in the hallway walking toward them as casually as if they were expected for a Christmas get-together, only seeming to count him belated as a danger when he raised his palm, but by then it was already too late. Blasting a hole through something had never felt so good.
“As eager as you are to see the rest of your team and as eager as they are to see you, you must be patient.” T’Challa advised with an air of regret. “I suspect, with your improved senses and the strengthening of your psychic abilities that many instincts that have previously lain dormant may now choose to wake. As a Queen, you’ll want to protect them by bonding with them, but you must remember you could do them more harm by rushing than waiting.”
And maybe regardless... maybe Tony just deserved to be happy and should try to be. No fears and no strings. Maybe just once.
"It's in Tony's hands." Steve responded flatly. "But frankly, knowing how you and Natasha are connected what you did today... it's even worse. Did you think of her at all? What it was going to be like for her watching you fall!"
They all put up with it though. Fels in pre-heat tended to get downright pissy with you for not getting with the program and doing things their way. And truthfully, Bruce didn't know if there was a tom alive who wasn't enthralled with heat scent and would complain about a fel who had plans for them. Mood swings or no.
“He’s not fucking real Rogers!” Tony snarled, and maybe it was harsh but sometimes harsh was all there was. He ripped down the barrier between their minds and the others, let Steve feel their pain and terror for a moment before he threw it back up.
He’s got a bright future ahead of him and some big shoes to fill. He knows because Papa tells him. He never lets him forget.
“Shh, I know.” Tony chuckled, shushing Steve’s protests with a pat of his hand. “Thanks for that, but you’ve got to know before we start that it’s not just about us. This whole bonding thing has real physical consequences. Bucky’s a part of you, and he might not be as keen about making room for me as you are. We’re going to go slow and I’m going to be as careful as I can. I just didn’t want it to take you by surprise.”
“Just because you sound like Clint Barton doesn’t mean you are Clint Barton,” the unfamiliar female chimed in a worldly way, but there was something about her tone that made Clint think she was yanking his tail. He kind of liked it. Having the Stark Resilient interns crawling all over the tower the past few weeks was taking some getting used to. A nice bunch, but most of them were used to living and working in very restrictive settings and seem terrified of stepping even a hair out of line. It was like having a tower full of Bruce’s scuttling about and fidgeting in their lab coats.
"Hey, don't be a brat. You don't own a monopoly on bringing me beverages. He's just jealous." Tony explained apologetically to Thor as Dummy wilted with a sad sounding beep. "Quit the crocodile tears. You know you were wrong. Back to your station."
They’re bigger but they wish they were small again. They’re in a stale room full of medical equipment and washed out with florescent lights.
"Nip isn't bad in small doses. Amee's not as bad as some of the others." Bruce mused aloud, watching as (surprise) the doctor informed Amee's parent that she was expecting kits.
“That’s the reason no one will buy you! You’re too damn attached. What’d I warn you about Becca! All that damn money to get you bred and the boy isn’t worth shit!” he is fond of shouting in drunken rages.
Plus, Tony was a-okay with coming off threatening. They may not have caught on yet but people were certainly going to. He was done hiding his teeth.
She blinked slowly before looking away from the head of the table murmuring out of the side of her mouth, “Elevated body temperature, a decrease in motor functions and oversensitivity. I think Tony’s close to another heat.”
Steve... Steve just swallowed thickly, before turning and stomping off, as if someone had shouted 'get thee from my sight', and the look on his face was so lost (so haunted) Tony didn't have it in him to enjoy a second of what he knew was a necessary victory. And even if he could have been that much of a cold hearted bastard there was always the looming prospect of Coulson and Fury to deal with. The debriefing was going to be a shit show.
The disk hummed in his hand at the sudden movement, the technology inside coming to life and Princess’ eyes went wide. Tony faltered mid-sentence as she leaped back in fright, putting as much distance between herself and the weapon as she could without outright leaping over the table.
Yes, he and Tony are in a happy committed relationship, and no, neither of them felt they’d been unfairly pushed together. He likes Tony’s smile the best and that Tony gets his sense of humor. He has all the confidence in the world that he and Tony can lead the Avengers and expand their ranks with carefully vetted individuals, and the Avengers will always gladly put themselves between the public and those who threaten it.
The abandoned warehouse was a part of an old logging facility built in the middle of a rural farming town on a private reserve, and it turned out to be not so abandoned as it looked. She’d watched the facility now for a full day, marking the rotations of people who went in and out. Though the wood was largely quiet and undisturbed, she'd observed three different people coming and going throughout the day. It was impossible to determine who else might be inside without more time or getting inside herself.
Steve’s lips were as unfairly perfect as the rest of him, because the serum took care of the day to day annoyances like dry lips. It kind of messed Tony up a bit, how soft the kiss was, how much it tasted like a plea (like so many beg pardons) so when he grasped Steve’s face between both hands and deepened it, it was for preservations sake (though whose it was hard to say).
It had been jarring to see him in the flesh, to almost have Howard standing there, but not be able to pretend even for a moment that he was home again because the physical differences between Tony and his father were unignorably there, in the marks of a woman Steve would never know.
It tasted like a plant, that is to say pretty terrible, but there was a sweet edge to it that helped it go down, and it was pleasantly warm as it worked its way through him. Like swallowing a bit of sunshine, it stayed warm all the way down and smoldered somewhere in his belly in a way that might have been alarming if it wasn’t so damn relieving.
God it was pathetic how something as simple as a little smile could set Tony's heart racing. Steve was more than just a childhood crush turned whatever; he was the apex of every hope and every wish Tony had ever had for himself put to flesh. He wanted, down to a hungry ache in his bones, to feel what he knew Steve must feel every day, to feel good and to believe deep down that he was good.
“Squishy science is not my thing. He backed that bill for tighter regulations against labs using Gata as test subjects, that’s all I cared about at the time. I even helped provide his security.”
His name had become a plea on Steve’s lips and Tony could have stopped it, he even had the frantic thought that it would be the smart thing to do, but he didn’t.
“You could say that.” She responded with a small smirk, sinking a hand into his dark hair almost absently, scratching gently at his scalp. Nobody commented on it, but it was obvious to Tony that she needed the contact as much as he and Bruce did.
“Sir, I have located the information on the victim of Tuesday morning’s explosion. Would you like me to summon the rest of the team?” JARVIS announced before Tony could come up with a biting reply and the cloud of irritation hanging over his head briefly cleared at the prospect of finally getting somewhere on the AIM front.
It hadn’t been real. He told himself. He’d been talking to a damn bird, and if the heat making sweat stick to his skin was anything to go by it was still close and his teammates likely weren’t far.
As further part of their personal research into Gata biology and documenting their continued development, Tony was developing a Bi-neurally Augmented Retro-Framing device or BARF. A machine that with a little help from a Queen could tap into memory and change the way those memories were experienced. It also acted as a handy way to record memory in real time, which was what they needed right now in their hunt for the Winter Soldier.
Huh, so whatever the Dora Milaje’s function they must be close enough to the prince to form a certain level of familiarity.
Here’s the truly crazy part (the part Steve is probably going to flip his shit about). It had already occurred to Tony that besides connecting to machines, he was producing an excess amount of energy (energy his body wasn’t equipped to handle or contain that could have explosive results). Using himself as a power source was risky (okay yeah crazy) but it might just be enough to keep the kid safe and protect Natasha. Long enough anyway.
