Personally, Dean thinks Rowena is powered by personal amusement, but he wisely keeps his mouth shut.
“Oh, sure. The . . . eggshell.” With a hum, Kate pushes off the bed and crouches beside Dean.
Dean doesn’t need to be told twice.
wrong, to treat me the way he did — but you should have known it might not mean anything. While my, um, my ‘hormones and shit’ may have been down, Dean’s were not. Are not. It would be a mistake, if we did mate.”
Twice now, chance has brought them together, in intense and disastrous ways, but without that — without the drama and excitement, without all the conflict and hurt and what-ifs to fuel them — the truth is, they’re oddly matched.
“No,” Cas says quickly, shaking his head. “I want to try. Is it — is it time?”
Both people have to agree for it to be a relationship, and he hasn’t, and even if I can get him to someday, stuff is fragile and it’s too soon, so
“No – it – it’s fine, I was just – obviously, you and I can’t, but we were just – talking about things we’ve never tried, so I thought-”
Cas swallows.
“I’m not sure. But a drastic change in someone’s unconscious behavior usually means that change is rooted in some sub-conscious motivations.”
back in his life again, and Dean could always count on seeing him again soon.
It totally feels like his fault, and yeah, that’s definitely shame he’s feeling.
“Okay?”
“You . . . didn’t expect her to get the thing you specifically asked her for?”
By the time it’s over, whatever calm Dean had found is gone.
“Yeah? So they
Skin catches between Dean’s teeth, as oversensitive as the rest of him, and Cas doesn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed when Dean only toys with it briefly before withdrawing.
“Uh, Cas-”
Pamela opens her mouth, clearly about to ask more about that, and Dean hurries on.
part of Cas that barely caught a word of what was said at dinner, too preoccupied with courtyard kisses and Dean scenting him outside the pantry and everything else he’s spent the last few months struggling with, and that part feels an unfamiliar anxiety at going to sleep with Dean in his room.
“This isn’t about Jo,” Charlie says seriously. “You weren’t here, when Cas ran away, Dean. You’ve got no idea.”
Anna is just staring at her, eyes squinty and lips pursed.
“Okay, fine. Then let it come up.”
“Sneaky!” Susan shakes her head. “Well, alright. I guess it’s just me and—"
“You wouldn’t have. As shitty as it was, being able to tell just how bad you wished that hadn’t happened — I would have stuck with you until you were done with me, Cas.”
So Dean took to being on a team with him, and let Cas pick the game piece and put the houses and hotels down in neat little rows, because he was weirdly fascinated with all the tiny pieces, and Dean liked being Team Captain or whatever, and they played games that way straight through high school.
“That is one word for it.” Cas frowns. “Perhaps some of those things had merit, whether it was your place to say them or not.”
Dean’s brows lift.
“I’m not—"
“I see. Honestly, my dear, I think the real idiot is the person who doesn’t understand what the bloody word ‘no’ means. Or a fist to the face, for that matter. On which note — you’ve failed to dispute that any of what he said happened, so . . . two years in the dungeon, five in the fields, I think. Yes, that should do nicely.”
“Valencia,” Sam says, and Dean would appreciate the stern note to his voice, except the fucking traitor’s lips are twitching.
“Where else would I do it?”
Cas blinks.
“He came and got me right away, when I called him. And he almost yelled at the desk lady and then he ran here and he — he wasn’t okay, until he saw you.”
Cas does, spills hot and messy all over their stomachs, over Dean’s hands, crying out and jerking beneath him for what feels like an eternity. Dean doesn’t let up his pace once, thrusting deep with every sharp twitch of Cas’s body and fucking him straight through his orgasm until he’s gasping, still convulsing with the aftershocks and clenching around Dean with every shiver.
He swears Dean doesn’t eat for the first ten minutes, instead launching into an unusually boring story about training that morning. Cas, for his part, discreetly nibbles a little bit at everything on his plate, just to make sure nothing went amiss in the kitchen. Dean can’t reasonably blame him, if it did, but the point of this is to engender good feelings between them and move forward. Given how sensitive Dean seems to be, Cas thinks it’s better if nothing goes awry at all.
And then she snorts.
“Um. Actually — can I borrow your robe?”
“You seem . . . embarrassed,” he says, after they’ve stood in silence for a few seconds. “Why?”
and rut brain harrumphed and settled the fuck down.
“And if you get
“Who the fuck—” he starts, but then something clean and fresh and a touch sweet drifts toward him, and he just barely suppresses a groan.
bad — isn’t part of you a little angry? Waltzing in and taking you like that . . .”
“Right, but — best stop by your room, first.”
And Cas—
“If you don’t make out. Imagine you’re watching TV together; how do you sit?”
to be intensifying during their other makeout sessions, he was, in fact, deescalating them — he couldn’t possibly keep it up forever.
“Got something for you,” Dean calls through the door.
“Do you — did you not want to be? You, uh. You’ve helped me out a lot of times, I didn’t — but — you could have said no — like, seriously, you can
“Cas?”
“Tell me how much you like it.”
He sort of holds the washcloth up, and Cas nods, leaning back more solidly and resting his arms along the edges of the tub, and with a deep breath, Dean gets to work.
“Just . . . I’m not . . . this isn’t me trying to tell you what to do, okay? This is just — me, asking.”
“That was the point.”
He could lose Dean, just like he’s always been afraid of. And while he might someday be able to ride into battle with him and protect him from the danger of war, he can’t protect either one of them from Cas’s apparent inadequacy.
Laughing, Dean reaches for his hand and starts tugging him down the hall.
Dean sighs.
But this . . .
He sighs, tipping his head back against the booth. Oh, well. If Cas is sandwiched between a basketball team’s worth of glitter-sweating pixie lads and ladies, he’s probably not gonna pick up his phone.
Something in him feels suddenly cracked.
Cas is way,
“Is everything okay?”
, and only then does he dry them and don the nitrile gloves, painstakingly disinfecting the cold items before putting them away and leaving the rest in their bags by the door to sit.
With a smile, Cas guides him into place.
was the best-looking? Didn’t you see the younger one? Cute as a button.” He pauses. “Well, a really long button, anyway.”
you made him sad! Just — for God’s sake, lay off him, okay?”
Dean tilts his head.
Dean stills.
April looks him dead in the eye and bares her teeth, even as the guards secure her arms, dragging her back.
“Barbarian, then.”
“Awesome.” He clears his throat. “But, uh, I know I took a while, so if you’re too tired-”
? Because that’s certainly not a problem — it, uh, to be honest, even just preparing with my fingers was — Dean? Dean, where are you g—”
The sun is risen, shining warm over the bay, and within an hour, Cas has stripped down to his undershirt, back and biceps straining through the thin fabric, and if the damn thing were any less opaque, all Dean would be able to carry was a
Cas lifts his chin, holding Dean’s gaze.
“Well, yeah. I didn’t want you to think I was, uh. Tryin’ to, you know. Bother you. Or that — that I had done that. Before.”
Cas narrows his eyes.
Cas blinks.
“Yes. And – he’s told me I’m his. His best friend.”
“You do. You’ll need to adjust it, to fit you.”
“You want to dirty talk. Which you should have
Part of Dean says this is kind of weird, petting Cas’s hair and running his fingers along his scalp like this, but most of Dean is pretty sure that if Anna were here right now, she’d totally be doing something like this for him, too, so it’s fine.
It did, though — and what ended up burning him wasn’t rage.
But he also knows how precarious it all is, how even now, he’s not sure what to expect from Dean when he gets home, if it will turn out last night was just a pity-fuck from his deeply empathetic best friend and they’ll go back to not touching for however long it takes for Cas to crack again; or worse, if Dean will have thought it over, too, seen it and Cas for what they are and decided neither are anything he wants at all.
Cas just stares at him, completely unimpressed.
“It was both of them,” Hester explains quietly. “Prince Lucifer would stop at nothing for the crown. King Michael would stop at nothing to stop him, but he was also not above punishing those who stood with his brother.”
since that first night back. If Dean had known, he would have stayed in bed that morning and seen the stupid snuggle through to the last damn second.
Dean takes a deep breath, shaking himself.
“Okay. I, uh. I can’t really go wait in your room unless you let go of me, though.”
“You need human interaction.”
A part of him wanted to tell Dean that, at the nursery. The longer he’s here, the more his sister’s absence seems to sink in, the more it makes him miss her. He didn’t just want to tell Dean that she liked the apple blossoms; he wanted to tell him a lot of things about her, that she’s the one who ran away, that she probably wouldn’t have, if she’d known Cas would take her place.
“About what?”
He knows she’s not talking about Lawrence, right then, and he hopes Michael agrees.
The frown smoothes a little, a flicker of amusement appearing.
“Claire,” he is predictably corrected, and he smiles, moving to his bookshelf to draw out the two volumes. She accepts them awkwardly, but Dean can tell she’s pleased.
Dean’s perspective of the situation was, and while Cas has been trying not to talk about it, out of respect for Dean’s peace — if such a misconception is still hurting Dean . . . perhaps it’s time to clear it up. “ Because I
She sighs.
Cas understands what they were trying to tell him, now.
“I’ll see you out,” he offers, and after a chorus of murmured goodbyes and Happy Thanksgivings, Mr. Novak surveying them coldly all the while, Cas ushers them out and back toward the foyer.
Dean’s touched and relieved and a little bit devastated, all at once.
Cas hesitates.
But them being in love with
Cas starts.
“It’s not your responsibility, Dean,” Cas interrupts, looking tired in all the wrong ways, given what Dean just did.
Dean practically jumps out of his skin, spinning and hustling over to where Cas is frowning at it and snatching it out of his hands.
There’s a sharp inhale, Dean’s lips parting.
“Even if we didn’t know he understood English — you see how none of that can be explained away by cultural differences, don’t you? As old as he is, for him to not know any of that means he never learned it, which means — someone was probably taking care of him.”
Clearly, he thinks he’s
Dean nods.
Dean can’t do a damn thing about it.
finally give Dean a chance.
Claire nods, studying him.
“Oh, never mind,” she huffs, turning back to Katherine. “Just because Susan’s right about one thing doesn’t mean the rest of her ideas are any less silly.”
Dean gets home well past midnight, and Cas opens the door, like he always does. Dean looks at him for a long moment, in a way he never thought to before, searching for signs he must have missed.
“Yeah, I know, but – like, I’ve never met anyone else called that. It’s badass,” he adds hurriedly. “But where'd it come from?”
“Mornin’, sunshine.”
Harry squints at his book a few seconds longer, then looks up with a shrug.
And then she turns on her heel and stalks out of the kitchen, Dean staring open-mouthed in her wake.
Unfortunately.
supposed to mean? What the hell did your dad tell you?”
of it off.
Wordlessly, he and Sam stand, and the three of them follow the guard out of the Hall.
That, Dean’s never said, but yeah, Cas probably knows. He’s probably been told a hundred times, probably budgets his sounds carefully to get exactly what he wants from any given partner, and luckily for him, that doesn’t change a thing.
She doesn’t look at him.
“Like . . . lingerie. Dirty talk. Handcuffs.”
“I really think you should,” she returns, arch, and before he can respond, a strong breeze tickles through the trees, blowing in from the river.
On which note—
“Well. Uh. For starters, I made that with you in mind.”
“You don’t know what we’re having,” Dean protests, but Cas just gives him a dour look.
She sneers.
“Come on.” He looks away, heading for the kitchen. He’s still not totally sure where or how to proceed from here, but he can’t keep falling to pieces every time he sees Cas. Things were going
“Some people might think so,” Cas agrees calmly, even though literally everyone with working eyes would think so and ‘cute’ falls laughably short in description.
Jesus Christ. Maybe he should have just suffered in silence.
Cas is not and never will be drunk enough to be okay with this.
While Cas suspects he will always be bound to Dean, as well, he isn’t confident that it goes both ways, nor is he sure it will mean anything beyond a quiet companion of hurt, there wherever Cas goes.
Cas hesitates.
you that.”
“Happy Holidays,” she declares, faux cheerful, and stalks away with his drink.
“I don’t know. Daisies, perhaps? There were yellow and white and pink ones. And some kind of green, leafy thing. Anyway, it didn’t matter, there. It’s not like you’d give an unmated girl flowers for any other reason.”
She nods.
awesome
Susan winks at Cas, then reaches under the armchair.
“Yes, sir.”
“What for?”
“Okay, buddy. We gotta talk.”
(except for one; how is ‘Pull out’ a punchline? Pull out
“Alright. I suppose I’ve no choice but to go with you, then.”
doesn’t need to take it personally.)
Anyway, Dean mostly forgot about it, going about his day and hanging out with Cas after school until it was dinner time. Cas’s Mom was expecting him back home on time, so Dean walked him over and then headed back to Bobby’s, and only when he walked into the kitchen and saw Bobby at the stove did he remember.
“Uh. Mornin’, Cas," he mumbles against his mouth, and Cas pulls away to smile at him, eyes bright.
“When is Cas’s heat?” he asks Sam, without preamble, dropping into the chair beside him and reaching for a breakfast roll.
“Uh. It — it’s not—"
There’s a question, when it settles.
Ellen recoils.
He feels – cheated, somehow.
“Sam’s,” Cas says immediately, not looking away from the picture, and the question of what Cas means by it is suddenly burning a hole in Dean’s pocket.
he feels the need to do things like that — but it doesn’t change the fact that it is mildly painful to just ignore the impulse.
is not happy. He knows he shouldn’t be upset; after all, Dean was fully prepared to give him to the child from the carriage incident, was making plans to send him to Anna, to make sure Cas could go
Cas scowls at Dean’s back the whole way to the elevator.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
(Sue him. He was half-asleep and the dark, spooky hours are rough.)
To Gwenwifar (if you're still reading), who basically called this like twenty chapters ago (!), and to all the rest of you who saw this coming - pat yourselves on the back and feel smug :D It took much longer than I thought to get them here, but I'm so excited we finally did ♡ Thank you, and I hope you enjoy!
Cas loves the cottages off the beach, though he’s a little worried at how . . . not-worried Jo is.
“Okay.”
The guards relax.
Eventually, the young man settles down, unlatching himself and drifting back to his sister’s side. Cas is trying to figure out a way for him to send word, once he knows her condition for sure, when Dean walks in.
“It shouldn’t have been like that, Dean. I — I hated that I had to ask like that. I hated how much it meant to me, and I hated how you only did it because I practically gave you no choice. I wanted it to be like the first time.”
Lucy squares her shoulders, lifting her arm.
Anyway, she looks up as he approaches, and when she sees him, she actually smiles a little.
Dean shoots Cas a helpless look, visibly distraught.
The circle is quiet for a moment.
Nothing follows, Dean just staring at him, green eyes big and full lips parted, his face flushed around them.
“Wait — is
“Charlie, don’t you
Even if you don’t help make dinner, you still have to
They’re quiet for a moment, and then Cas clears his throat.
Maybe Dean really
part of their relationship . . .
Still. He can’t help but think it was rather obvious he didn’t yet wish to be rescued.
“Which, speaking of you needing medical help, you are also so full of shit I’m surprised it hasn’t backed up and exploded your head
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he mumbles, and she grins.
He quickly relates the tale of the unclothed lower-region touching to Bobby, and Bobby nods, rubbing his jaw thoughtfully.
“What a bunch of jerks,” she rages. “And Dean! Dean used to be
“That’s really cool, Cas.”
” he teases, gliding over and putting his hands on Cas’s shoulders.
“I wouldn’t have, but — I remembered. When you got out of the phaeton.”
he assures himself, crooking them as he pushes in
“Having major businesses go under for no good reason isn’t really a profitable venture, either. If people do good work, we oughta let them do it, whatever they are. Hell, look at you.”
to believe Cas is in there right now, having sex with some scrawny little dude that doesn’t even look old enough to attend university.
Oh, for
And now the council’s pissed because Cas isn’t pregnant — which is just
Which — that’s just
Dean nods, a surge of wistfulness joining that low, building heat.
“Really. So if I ask you to—"
“Is it okay if — can I touch you?”
“You really think that?”
John raised his brows.
“Super. I mean, that’s a genius idea, Dean. I’m glad you finally thought of it.”
“What, uh, what do you make of it? Cas’s, um, his sexuality?”
“Hey. You don’t need to be embarrassed, Cas.”
want. Okay?”
Cas hesitates.
“Oh.” She clears her throat. “Well. I mean, I’m no expert, but, um. I don’t think it is.”
Of course, now Dean knows Cas
“What about what triggered this talk?”
They’re quiet for a moment, and then Dean takes a breath.
Cas looks at him blankly for a moment, and then he nods.
reassuring.
“Dean!”
Cas is just so
“No shit. It’s not an excuse, not for anything.”
“That — that’s
Dean’s eyes go wide.
Dean hastily turns back to the bed of Forget-Me-Nots.
(But it’s not
It didn’t, though, not until now, and even though he’s got no right, Dean hates it.
He can’t.
failing; the bickering seemed to be the root of it, she informed them, and since the bickering was rooted in something that was a little trickier to get to the bottom of and resolve, they had to settle for just not fighting so much.
“All three of you are fussy brats,” Ellen retorts. “Run along, then. I gotta get back to the field.”
“You know, the one where he rebels against his corrupt superiors to help the heroine protect free trade on the seven seas? She spent four years in prison to save her brother from piracy charges after he trusted the wrong people?”
it. He tends to let it pile up in baskets or on the floor until eventually, he just starts borrowing other people’s clothes.
Dean goes still.
, to perform intercourse, but that sort of thing is different than what he and Dean do, is the one thing he was told about, if only in the vaguest of terms, and it isn’t for him.
“You think I wouldn’t recognize my own goddamn wife? That’s Temperance. Temperance Wilson.”
“That’s wonderful,” he says, once Dean decides he probably covered it all. He looks oddly wistful. “You and your father must have been proud.”
“Wow,” Cas mutters, tone heavy with sarcasm. “You’ve actually gotten worse.”
“That was . . . really not convincing. You need more therapy.”
was a good solution.”
“Anyways — I’m sorry.” He pauses, throat sticking a little, and forces himself to add- “And I — I’m sorry that it was him.”
“Yes,” Cas says seriously. “I admit to being protective of my drawers — but I’ll let you.”
in some way, that I think you can make each other happy, even if he needs time.”
“There aren’t any in the shower anymore, either,” he jokes, and Cas squints at him.
He tenses, and she catches his eye.
“Well, it was a dumb point. And so was that other thing you said.”
Cas frowns.
“I mean it,” Samandriel continues earnestly. “You’re amazing, Cas. You are. And — and I look forward to the day that you let me ease some of those burdens for you, because you deserve to have someone do for you what you do for so many others.”
It’s really nothing
He props his elbows on his knees, hanging his head. It’s just — it’s so
Dean hesitates, gaze automatically drifting down, to Cas’s embarrassment and satisfaction both.
“Sweet dreams, then.”
Cas, you owe me!”
happened, but tonight’s the night: Cas is coming home, and even more unsettling than the fact that
Dean narrows his eyes.
Dean’s lips quirk, some indefinable light dancing in his eyes.
He turns back to his own plate, then pauses, nudging Cas’s glass of water toward him.
“No! Am I supposed to be?”
“I am. Mostly, though — I’m honored to call you my friend.” Cas pauses, then adds, “My best friend.”
to do with me!”
“Mr. Novak! There you are.”
“If you’re willing to try for everyone else, then you should try for yourself,” Samandriel insists, quiet. “ And you deserve to ask for more — for everything you want. And his highness owes it to you to answer honestly, one way or another.”
“What about a ficus?”
“Sure.” Dean remembers Cas dropping him off at his house, and grins. “Want me to walk you to the door?”
that, so shut up.” He pauses. “You should see it, though. You should come over and watch it.”
“Dean. I think those girls are talking about you,” she says, staring across the way.
“Well, with you, I always had to try and figure out what might be upsetting you, exactly, and then I made my best guess as to what was going to help you work through it.”
pillows stacked beneath himself this time and leaving him even more thrillingly — and embarrassingly — exposed in the air, is not food, tonight.
“I suppose there’s no point keeping it there now that you’re home.”
instead,” he snarks, mostly sarcastic, but Cas just sighs and shifts his weight, reaching between them to grasp Dean’s cock and start stroking.
“Why not?”
“Guest curfew is to protect the people living here, not restrict their activities. You can
Behind him, Probably-Devon snorts.
at him, when they say good night — he doesn’t ask, but Dean swears the question is there in his eyes again, swears he’s waiting for it anyway, and god, Dean wants to give in, to that and more, to just whisk him away in the carriage and take his chances with dagger-wielding redheads and women with umbrella swords and whatever the hell else Mills Park is housing.
“Hey. Uh. At least for a little while, could you . . .”
“He’s no fun, is he, Mr. Snuggles?”
“Good Lord, there is a
Kate looks pained.
“Have you thought about going to see them?” he asks quietly, and Dean gives him a startled look.
, because her stupid uncle is the one with his head up his ass, but it also doesn’t, because Dean should have seen Cas at
and you know it. Cas
With a satisfied hum, Dean starts moving his hands.
Dean stares.
Cas had been thinking about the bookshop, or even to sit by the fountain in Market Square, but presently, he doesn’t want to go anywhere, not until he understands what’s putting that look on Dean’s face.
“Most people think so. Preferences vary, of course. I know mine do,” she mutters, strangely resigned, but Cas is still stuck on what he’s hearing.
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean abruptly realizes that
His nonchalance fails him. Dean’s eyes are bright, warm, and he’s smiling at Cas like-
“Oh.” Cas swallows, then quickly backs up, wincing as he steps into the wall with what sounds like more force than he probably intended. “No, I – I don’t mind.”
Dean frowns.
Claire is pretty sure that’s not what they’re gonna do, but she doesn’t want to burst Kevin’s bubble.
“Isn’t it? And yet — in addition to all that, I believe Dean was
“I . . . I won’t hold you to it,” Cas offers haltingly, disappointment palpable, which — maybe that scrawny almost-ginger pulled one over on him, but what’s done is done, and there’s never a good reason for Cas to look like that. “If you honestly—”
Her brows lift.
she often says.
Dean’s read plenty, books and internet articles both, but anytime they bring up pregnancy sex, he skips right over it.
But that time is long past, and tonight, so used to being with Dean, with sharing a routine of sorts practically from morning to night . . .
hard to talk Cas into wearing it.
Dean doesn’t dignify that with a response, opting instead to wash down the pie with a swig of latte. He refuses to spend the next twenty minutes staring at Cas while Cas eats and stares back; he needs to remember what they’re here for.
“I didn’t figure it out for some time. The others probably wondered, but — it seemed so farfetched, back then.”
Anyway, it’s not like they’re short on time, or anything, so the next time Cas lifts a hand, daring Dean with his eyes, Dean goes ahead and indulges him.
Cas shuffles over, and Dean cracks a smile, tugging at the disaster of a knot.
“Then
he asked if I even knew how children came to be. And I
“Yeah, but — you know. As normal as I am, anyway.”
He debated not going to their friend group’s next regular meetup, specifically so he wouldn’t
“You think it’s gonna matter?”
And then he shifts off of Dean’s thighs, nudging them apart and settling on his stomach between them.
Neither is Cas, but he decides it’s probably not necessary to drive the point further.
Then she sighs.
Cas squints.
“Great,” he lies. “How about you?”
*** SPOILERS ***
“So he’s married.”
I just don’t like losing.”
he said must have made Cas feel like he had to do that.
Claire still looks
giving him orgasms and holding him during all the exhausted periods in between.
But after a month, the dregs of winter stubbornly refusing to thaw and leaving
Dean swallows.
Dean makes a face.
“You’re wrong,” he chokes out. “About everything. But if you believe nothing else — believe that I loved you. That I was there, then, because I was falling in love with you, and that I am here now, because however stupid I might have been about it — by the end, I had absolutely loved you.”
Cas finally looks over; Dean is bright red, misery in his eyes.
Dean’s grin softens, fortunately, and he leans into it, hand shifting against Cas’s cheek, and Cas appreciates the gentleness to the touch, but also he’s been
“Oh.”
“No?” Pamela seems surprised. “You have a strong literary background, Castiel. Surely you’ve encountered the debate over how much love can
” he whines, damningly breathless, and swipes at his face so his hands don’t accidentally pull Dean back to give him a literal taste of his own medicine.
sounds like ‘how has he not killed you?’, but given that Cas is still fucked out and sound asleep after coming so hard Dean ended up having to gently wriggle off his boots and set his hat aside, careful not to wake him, Dean thinks it’s fair to say killing Dean isn’t exactly at the forefront of Cas’s mind. “Right. Okay. Well, have you at least told him you loved him?”
Slowly, Dean straightens out, though he winces slightly as he does so.
in the business of grading such things, he’d be giving an A+ and extra credit.
“Maybe it would, but I can’t have one here, and I don’t have anything for you to put it in.”
Claire is
Then, with a reverence he’s glad no one is present to mock him for, he tucks groceries into fridge and freezer and cupboards, drawing a mental map as he goes, and then gets to work.
? Maybe someone who graduated before Dean got there? And even then, it would have had to be a secret, or completely unrequited (though
“That’s true,” she agrees. “His poor highness. Having to endure this gorgeous, tousled omega who smells like all the best parts of spring and could probably rip a tree trunk in half, just
Dean closes his eyes.
It doesn’t fix the past, though.
Crowley considers this for a moment, and then his gaze slides over to Cas.
“Prince Dean of Winchester,” he informs her. “My brother, Prince Sam, and our friend, the Honorable Miss Charlie Bradbury.”
“I — beg your pardon?’
“Well, nobody’s trying. Anyway, if it bugs you, you just braid it or put it in a cap.”
“What? No!”
At the other end of the table, Tara clears her throat, and finally, Dean manages to collect himself, glancing toward her.
“Like you’ve never—”
He reaches for Dean’s cravat — just for support, though if it happens to come undone in the process, he supposes it can’t be helped — and leans in to kiss him.
Here we go! I hope you're all well and staying safe, and thank you so much for reading! Please enjoy ♡
“Gosh, I just can’t get over how cute you are.”
She rolls her eyes and heads down the hall without another word.
Cas squints.
“Mostly dirt, still. Shit takes time to grow, and he had to get rid of all the grass.”
we would.”
Dean.
Dean hauls their suitcases in, getting halfway to the room before he thinks to wonder
Well, there goes another chunk.
“But like — it helps a lot. And I really think it’ll be different now, since you, y’know, have control over the situation and actually know what’s going on.”
He shrugs.
“Therapy’s where you learn to lie,” she explains patiently, and he stares.
Dean starts laughing, drawing off and letting his head fall forward as he shakes with amusement, and Cas huffs.
Cas closes his eyes.
Dean wakes up on his back, something warm-but-very heavy halfway on top of him.
“Don’t worry about it. I hope she makes a full recovery. Would you send word to Winchester Castle when you know?”
“I don’t understand why you’re being this way,” he complains, and if the situation weren’t both surreal and terrible, Anna would laugh at the petulance in his tone.
Beside him, Dean sighs, sounding tired.
Which — as vaguely delicious as Cas still looks, hair damp and clearly free of any efforts to tame it, waistcoat nowhere in sight, Dean can’t help himself.
Piled right in the center of the headboard, so if Dean wants something to lean against, he’s going to have to sit right next to Cas.
“Cas, I was
“I don’t — you don’t have to—” Dean huffs, stopping to scrub a hand down his face. “Look, it doesn’t matter to me, alright? Order the ugliest underthings and nightclothes you can find, I’m not gonna care.”
“What?” he asks, a little higher than usual.
at him, listening — how he lets Dean
time with him. And then he told us he missed
all churning sour in his stomach.
necessary. Lucy
is soft and fluffy, and I pet
“Set something up on the laptop and I’ll be right in.”
But — Cas has never really had a . . . a, uh . . . well, not-just-friends
he gets a ‘
when she’s there in a professional capacity, but apparently they don’t teach basic fucking manners in New Eden — and then played that sad, big-eyed fragile act, getting her to soothe and reassure him.
“No, you should have ravished him, promised to make an honest omega out of him, and then ravished him again,” she says darkly. “Then we could
“Fine. Let’s — pretend for a second that’s true. Why the hell
“So it was all a lie, huh?”
“The situation in Eden is not resolved.”
Cas complains about the convoluted Edenish use of language, but he clearly must have picked up some of it, because it takes Dean forever to wade through that.
appreciated you being an asshole pretty much any time the last couple years.”
Sam screws up his face.
Dean swallows.
When he glances back up, Cas is squinting at him.
A moment later, the mattress shifts, and then he hears the lamp click off. He sags in relief, sucking in as quiet a breath as he’s able, though he keeps his eyes shut tight.
Cas smiles, warm and sweet, and kisses him back.
Dean snorts; he remembers those days. Cas, ten years old and new to the neighborhood, had somehow never played
“Won’t your Queen be angry? When she finds me gone?”
But — but doesn’t that happen sometimes? Yeah, Dean was down for pretty much whatever the hell Cas wanted from the time Charlie said, ‘here’s my friend I was telling you about’ and pointed him in the direction of a breathtaking, transcendentally beautiful
Anyway, Susan comes to help him clean up when Samandriel is gone, mischievously informing him that Anna and Miss Talbot haven’t been seen all day, with not a soul able to confirm their whereabouts, and Cas reluctantly allows himself to be pulled into speculation.
Mr. Potts’ face falls, and belatedly, Cas realizes what he
Dean claims the first shower, probably in an effort to get as far away from Cas as possible, because while he’s politely not mentioning Cas’s fuckup, Cas knows he’s not lucky enough that Dean didn’t notice.
“Maybe,” he says. Dean nods.
“Yep. At least their shifts never overlap.”
“Uh. Kind of. I watched porn with ‘em a couple times in high school,” he admits, although he quickly decided that there was just something about being in a room full of sweaty adolescent dudes with their dicks out that kind of harshed his mellow.
Claire stares at him like he’s got three heads, and then she ducks down, a curtain of blonde hair hiding her from view.
“Huh. Wouldn’t have figured you for one of
On the one hand, Dean’s pretty
“Lilith,” he mutters, and she grins wide, brushing her hair out of her face before rolling over to straddle him, and
“You — you and your husband are — going to do something.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“Anyway — we’re still on for tomorrow, right?”
“Really? Cas is in heat and he’s asking for his toy and you
Dean snorts.
“And how the
he says.
And then, slowly, he breathes out.
“Washed his hair. He asked,” he adds quickly, omitting the part where he was so desperate to get his hands on Cas he kind of asked first. “But — fuck. Maybe I should have waited outside.”
“You seem to have grown very attached to him.”
Anyway, the point is, if any of these assholes are gonna try for something permanent with Cas — and possibly succeed — it’ll be Kevin.
can.”
not a good solution. Remember in health class, when they had Sheriff Mills come in—"
“Uh. As weird as usual.” For some reason, Dean frowns a little. “That Balthazar?”
“Yeah,” Cas confirms, and then he ducks his chin, lightly pressing his lips to the skin just below Dean’s clavicle. “That sounds very nice, Dean.”
no,” Anna mutters, tugging at the collar of her over-warm fur cape. It was too long for Michael and it’s too long for her, and the hem is forever collecting dirt, which means the poor laundry has to scrub away at it half the night and return it to her white and pristine the next morning.
Choices are hard, when you aren’t used to having any.
“Yeah. Yeah, I will. They might want to arrange it as an investment of some kind, to justify it, but — we might be able to work something out.”
Dean.”
“Yeah, well, maybe because I’m not Lettran, it didn’t occur to me how fucking
“Of course, your highness.”
“I probably have time,” he argues. “Hell, I should have a few hours, still —"
“You’re right,” she announces stiffly, and he stops short. “I did my best, but I was not a perfect mother. And what I’m
Cas’s shirt thievery gives him an idea, though.
“Yeah,” he whispers, and Dean shivers.
Dean shrugs.
Breakfast preparations are underway by the time he gets downstairs, and he’s quietly assessing his odds of getting a cup of coffee before the meal is ready when he notices a presence, just inside the archway.
They look at each other for a long, endless-feeling moment, and then Dean clears his throat.
“Billie,” she interjects quietly. “Shouldn’t you just—"
Still, Dean kindly keeps these thoughts to himself while Sam mopes around the castle and frowns through dinner, though by the second week, he tries to give some good, brotherly advice.
“Still. It’s, uh. It’s good to know these things. I can help remind you to take it easy.”
The pair exchange blank looks.
“And where do I come in?”
There’s a dull throb in his shoulder, but he expected it, and it’s not entirely unpleasant.
Slowly, Dean slides a second finger in alongside the first, eyes on Cas’s face the whole time, watching for any sign of discomfort. Cas watches him right back, lids heavy, and when Dean works them in a little faster, pressing in deep, Cas licks his lips and sighs.
“Oh, whatever. I’m getting some food,” she grumbles, and marches off.
“Yeah. Especially lately.” Sam clears his throat, awkwardly rubbing his neck. “So, um. We thought you might not mind some company?”
“Cas. Why don’t you come with to make tea, and you can take him some?”
And yet, despite his best efforts, it doesn’t
“Dude, your
“Mario Kart with Jo?” she asks abruptly, and he breathes a sigh of relief.
“We did. Mr. Park gave Sam a bag of lettuce out of his garden.” John chuckles. “Took one look at your brother and said, ‘I think this one bolted.’”
“I was
“Says the guy who once took apart the dishwasher out of spite.”
“Right! So can you really blame me? It’s not a fight — unless you count getting into it with that seagull over my fried cake — but it’s an adventure, so I’ll take it.”
they’re friends, that was just the rational choice for handling – well, all of it, but
It feels like forever before Cas opens the door, and Dean forces himself to remain calm. He’s not even sure why he’s so worked up. It’s a stupid letter, from a fool who should have known better than to bother, and so long as Cas can confirm, if only by reaction, that the man’s not likely to come after him, Dean doesn’t need to worry about it.
and absolutely crushing.
But Dean, apparently, does not want to stay with him.
As if he ever fucking
like me, but in practice, I think there needs to be more behind the feeling for him to risk it.”
Cas nods instinctively, though Charlie can’t see him.
“Yes,” Cas says quickly, throwing him a grateful look. “Of course. I’ll be right back, Claire.”
Cas gives him a blank look, then turns to Sam, who shrugs.
“Lady Adina of Cel—”
on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean’s been dreading it, but he certainly wasn’t surprised when Jody called him into her office again.
But even though he logs in and clicks over to the fluffier section of the news, he can’t bring himself to focus.
Cas nods, relieved.
Dean turns to frown at Sam, but says nothing.
“You know,” she says suddenly. “You — you’ll meet somebody else.”
“Forever?”
Dean smiles again, the warm glow of the setting sun turning his cheeks rosy beneath all the freckles.
“So you can just – you know. Do it in your room. Even if I heard something, it’s – I mean, like you said earlier. I do it, too. It’s not really a big deal.”
He even gets to introduce them to Eloise, the woman who sells him flowers, and she tells them Cas is her best customer.
friends were back?
Needless to say, it would appear Dean
The silence next to him stretches on, and when Cas finally dares to look at Dean, he’s frowning.
He waves his hand vaguely to the bed, and Cas’s heart launches into a quick, happy rhythm as he approaches it, planting himself on the edge and trying not to look too impatient — or worse, hopelessly eager — for what happens next.
Dean’s not surprised.
“But they should have
to you, and — and now I’m here having to pick up the pieces. Don’t you think
“The only child here is
“Unless you want me facefirst on the desk and we don’t put a pillow down first—"
“What?”
“I, uh. I thought – you said you were cold, the other morning, and – I mean, it was pretty comfortable last time, in your garden, and since this bench was lying around at Bobby’s and it fit in the carriage-”
feel, or what I want, because I am the
Anyway, I was trying to rile them up with all of it — bring them close enough for you to attack.”
“Nah, you just sit tight, kiddo.” He pats Cas’s head on his way by, and Cas swallows, looking after him with a discomfiting mixture of guilt and gratitude sitting heavy in his gut.
you could have hurt yourself!”
to do with me.”
Half-asleep and scent-drunk and more than a little desperate from all his stupid issues, his dumbass body started reacting before his brain could figure out what was going on and hit the brakes.
“Yeah, yeah. That guy.” He gives her this dopey smile, and her mouth twitches upward as she awkwardly tucks a strand of hair behind her ear, eyes on the floor.
“Yeah! Yeah, we’re good.”
“Delivering a commission.”
“Well, I won’t stop you,” he jokes.
“Add three for disrespect to the crown,” he notes boredly, and April lets out a furious snarl, shoving at the guards as they approach her.
It’s not like Sam’s the fifth alpha kid, either; John will expect him to get married, and Dean knows Sam well enough to know that’s not going to happen if Sam has something going on with Cas.
All his worst fears have become reality, he’s sure, and the future stretches out before him, bleak and horrifying and unendurably lonely.
“Hoo-boy. Yeah, not this one.” Gabriel shakes his head. “Nope, this one just didn’t know about it.”
Rowena lectured him on
Valencia nods.
“Shut up, Benny, it was a metaphor,” she mutters, then smiles kindly at Dean. “So even if you’re not
He shrugs off Cas’s hand, throwing his legs over the side of the bed in a panic.
Of course, that’s probably because he’s in love, which means he wants to live with Dean, like Anna said.
Alex slowly shakes her head.
a horrible, oblivious tease, and no sooner would the word ‘please’ have finally escaped Cas’s mouth than fantasy-Dean would be gripping his ass and pressing his tongue forward, sliding it into Cas with firm, wet thrusts as he gradually worked it deep inside, relentless and
Dean shifts uncomfortably, focusing on his coffee. This is definitely going places he doesn’t even want to think about, much less talk about, but Claire has a goal here, and she seems set on reaching it.
So, first and foremost -
“Are you . . . him? The New Eden omega?”
but before any of that, she’s
“Nah, let’s wrestle first. Warm up.”
“Anyway, quit stalling and start washing,” Dean grouses, climbing in and yanking the curtain shut behind him. “The faster you move, the faster you get to get away from me.”
Dean nods.
Cas takes the high road, though, simply moving on to summarize the story for Dean’s benefit as they eat, and when they’ve finished, he follows Dean back to his chambers.
And then Dean holds up a small, rectangular tin, and he knows he doesn’t need to.
that it didn’t.
“We should send word back to Mills Park, then. They’re probably worried, and I don’t want Susan or the others to be left out.”
“Nothing, just — it wouldn’t be most guys’ first choice, you know?”
And sure, Dean would be there — he was always gonna look out for Cas, even if Cas
Well, at least Cas’s sister’s not enough of a dick to forget to write him, too.
Cas tilts his head.
Cas stares at the garage door, speechless, hand still on the key where it rests in the ignition.
After all, Cas is just trying to return the favor.
“Oh. Well . . . she mentioned a tavern in a place called Sioux Falls, last time.”
Dean stares at him for a long moment, letting the shame sink in, and Cas takes a deep breath.
King John is cruel, Cas thinks. They should have known. He doesn’t understand how it serves him to tear Dean away from them, from his routine, with so little notice.
“Are you?”
Cas’s jaw snaps shut, and he braces himself. Green eyes twinkle.
Dean goes rigid, at that, and in the next moment, he’s
Honestly. The Edenish just want omegas to
Dean’s already heading back to the kitchen, laughing.
to spend your life with someone.
(She did think Ms. Mills was pretty cool, though.)
to have heirs.”
“What?” Cas demands.
Cas softens.
“Well. Do you find living together now similar to then?”
“You should. It’s nice.”
there?”
feel a little better after Dean leaves. His heat feels . . . less
“Basically.”
“He lied. He said he was on his way home and I — I
Dean hovers by the Lincoln as Cas unlocks it. He’s worried for a second, that Cas means to just hop in the car and drive away like whatever’s been going on tonight is somehow one-sided, when Dean
“Excuse me? You think — what, I can’t be monogamous?”
The drive isn’t that long, but it feels like it, and by the time Cas has participated in the obligatory catch-up dinner with his grandparents, it feels like he’s been awake for three days.
“So? That’s the night before. You can even bring your date, if it goes well.”
He presses his lips together, avoiding Dean’s gaze.
Cas hesitates.
“I didn’t think cats could be herded.”
Chapter warnings: references to past abuse (details in the notes), dark humor referencing non-con (details in the notes), mild erotic content, please let me know if I forgot anything.
“Dude, we talked about this. We’re — you know.” Dean hesitates, and then shifts, awkwardly bringing his good hand over to hold Cas’s. “We are.”
Cas opens his mouth to retort, before apparently realizing the same thing; he snaps it shut, and stares awkwardly at his shoes instead.
“Yes,” he agrees slowly, frowning. “But actually, Dean, if you look at them, you’ll realize they’re very small. Six is hardly any.”
?” he demands, but he looks at Cas like he’s really asking,
So no one would find out.”
much time with him, and you might be doing this for years to come
No. Cas needs privacy, for once, if only so he can
“We are?”
“Wait a sec. What’s that look? Dude, you
Finally, Ellen sets her pestle down, turning to Jo.
“Oh. Um, no — just — a friend is — telling me a weird story.”
“That was very sappy,” Cas says slowly, not really blinking, and Dean nods, shrugging.
“God, Dean, how many times do I have tell you—”
And Dean
“She did — I mean, I thought it was a vanity thing, since she talked about her collection in Lettra, but — she did steal a painting. I mean, we think.”
wasn’t his fault, he marches straight toward the liquor table, empty tankard in hand and utterly determined to at least get a little
“Oh.”
“Okay, see you soon!”
Dean shrugs.
button on the remote without further comment, tossing it aside. There’s a ridiculous amount of space on their side of the sectional, probably because she meant for Cas to be sitting with them, but Bela scoots closer and gives her an awkward pat on the shoulder.
“What do you mean?”
Cas knows he
that — but for some reason, he bristles.
“Daphne,” he interrupts gently. “I’m quite sure.” If he’d just still been married to Dean, if he had had that as a promise for the future, Cas thinks he could have weathered rejection. He didn’t need Dean to
Dean remains silent, and Pamela moves on, apparently having spoken in the rhetorical.
And then, to Dean’s surprise, he gets a good night kiss.
“Sure, if you want me to.”
Cas nods slightly. He hasn’t been able to stop himself from thinking about it, a few times, but he knows a promise of marriage is entirely separate from mating.
Not that Cas is bitter, or anything. He just really wants that drink.
his shoes, which — Dean’s not so sure about that. Cas just seems so — he’s so — Dean doesn’t even know how to describe it, but he’s so
“How’s it going?” Dean asks quietly.
“Oh. Sam. I didn’t hear you come in.” He hesitates, looking at the bite of cherry pie.
Dean thinks he understands, is pretty sure Cas is asking to be kissed, here, because he can’t do it until Dean does; because while Cas did the choosing, everything else is up to Dean.
Cas offers her a smile.
Valencia is quiet for a long moment, and then she gently pats his arm.
She looks away.
“Annoyed that I have to deal with this stupid tradition in the first place? Makes perfect sense to me.”
Dean shrugs.
Of course, if Cas is being very honest, he’s not completely done hoping, either; Cas lost, after all. Surely that must have swayed Dean’s opinion, regardless of what he said about them being evenly matched; might there be a way, then, that Cas could still prove himself? That he could convince Dean to at least
what happened last time they were alone on that sofa, were alone in the
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that.
“I thought so,” Cas says quietly, shifting a little, and Dean pats his back one last time before he returns his hand to Cas’s arm, rubbing (hopefully) soothing circles with his thumb.
Cas smiles slightly.
come put me out of my misery.”
“Yes, Dean. Very good.”
His orgasm seizes his entire body, ruthless and wild as every muscle in it goes tense and he cries out, stars dancing in his vision as he helplessly rocks his hips, too much and not enough with his hands still hovering stupidly in position, and he can’t help himself.
“Thank you, Lucy,” he manages. “I appreciate that.”
He’s going to go interview the
The bathroom is dark, door open, Dean’s room more of the same, and when he shuffles out into the living area, a little afraid, he’s not sure whether or not to be relieved to find it empty instead of Cas’s cooling corpse sprawled somewhere on the floor.
“Please don’t,” Anna says, alarmed. “I hate spending time in the tower.”
“Now,” he gasps, and the man pulls, sliding the woman out from underneath. Cas lets it drop with a groan, every single limb trembling from the exertion, and he drops to his knees on the ground.
“Thank you.”
In mid-July, his heat hits. He’s not surprised, exactly, but as soon as he realizes what’s happening, he asks Anna to send Hester on a week-long vacation, just to be safe.
“That’s even worse,” he grumbles, and her brows lift. “Spite is one thing — it’s been a staple in our relationship for a few years — but greed is just—”
“Seriously? What part of ‘guard chasing me away’ didn’t you get?”
In Dean’s opinion, game night goes
Dean takes a breath, then shakes his head and turns back to the stove.
“Sorry, line was long,” Dean announces loudly, plunking the trays down in front of them with a nasty smile for Sam. “What’re we talking about?”
There’s a long silence, Sam’s mouth opening and closing, brows jumping through a series of impressive acrobatics as he apparently tries to cope with this devastating news.
“I don’t — Dean, that’s — you’re the one who avoids me. You’re the one who makes me feel like — like every time you
Dean grips the steering wheel, wants to tell Sam, in detail, how much he disagrees — but Valencia is a big-eyed, skittish woodland creature when it comes to the whole commitment deal and Sam doesn’t
Dean makes a high-pitched ‘gah’ sound, jerking back and wiping his cheek.
Susan perks up.
Because that’s what really makes this all so incredible, isn’t it? Cas isn’t the talkative kind, doesn’t get too close to very many people at all, no matter how well he gets along with them, but
“That was fast,” he remarks after a moment, not thinking, and Dean’s trembling body stiffens.
“Yes, I’m
He squeezes her shoulder and heads back to his desk, and spends the rest of the day trying not to think of it himself.
And then he remembers.
Cas almost laughs. If anything, he’s probably going to steal
“I . . . I don’t think I understand,” he says after a moment, and she raises a brow.
For a moment, he thinks she’s going to ask, but then she shuts her mouth, opting for a sympathetic smile.
Like the fucker
“Which is too late to visit people!”
“What?”
“Yeah.”
“It’s not important.”
Perhaps that’s what being in love means.
He thinks he hears someone snort, but he focuses on pouring the water into the teapot.
Dazed, he tugs at Dean’s tunic, trying to get him to stop shouting.
And then his grin widens, eyes bright as he rubs his jaw, looking back at Cas.
Then he flushes, beet red, and starts walking again.
He just stares at her, unhappy, and she nods.
“Dean,” he chokes out, and Dean nods, bringing his other hand up to stroke through Cas’s hair.
“Too much?”
Cas doesn’t, though. Cas moves faster and faster, rests his forehead against the bed and buries his sounds in Dean’s shoulder, and when his movements start to stutter and Dean is lightheaded and struggling to keep holding still, he clutches Cas close and raises his mouth to his ear.
Anna puts her face in her palm.
Cas wonders if that will ever happen.
“Do it again,” he whispers. “Let go, Dean. I want — I want to feel you.”
Cas rolls his eyes and heads for the dresser, rifling through the pajama drawer.
“I don’t think anyone will care to hear about my time at the castle,” he says dryly, and she looks torn, clearly oblivious to where his thoughts have gone.
“Well, yeah, but we were all getting really worried about you guys.”
Anna looks a little guilty.
He tilts his head, frowning down at her.
“Um?! Why would Novak talk to
“Why the hell else would I have been doing it a dozen times a week?”
Cas stares.
Wrong.
“Yes. Thank you.” He hesitates. “My room is very nice. Very — comfortable. Thank you.”
The second day, he feels like he spends the first three periods with his mouth half open, the question bubbling up in his throat only to die on his tongue.
exactly.”
And he
“Ah.” The guard hesitates. “She is . . . in custody? With — presumably your majesty’s brother?”
Jo’s lips twitch.
“Should take you shopping,” he mumbles, accepting the bundle. “You told Jo you were moved in permanently. You should have your own clothes.”
“How much sun. Growth periods. Things like that.”
Cas nods, grip around Dean nearly painful.
And then I finally got old enough to go with you, but then — then
“If it helps,” he finally says, wary, “My council was pissed at me. That I let you do that.”
“No.” Cas hesitates, and then, with brutal honesty: “I don’t want to leave you.”
Dean’s eyes drop to the table.
“Do it again,” Cas counters immediately, and he has no fucking idea, does he? No one told him it was okay to touch himself and no one told him asking for someone’s teeth in any capacity is about as bad as three sets of chrysanthemums and even though Dean knows better, knows that’s not what Cas means, knows he’s probably going to end up sitting this round out, too, even if he feels like he’s about two minutes away from coming in his pants already—
“—may I recommend to you the cherry galette?”
right now, enough that he’s throwing up, and whether it’s too much to drink or the goddamn plague, Dean needs to get him fixed up, ASAP.
as your
“That tells
“Dean,” he pants, clinging to his back. “Dean, sometimes — when you push in, you use more force, and it — it feels so good, will you—"
“Slick?” Cas lifts his brows, pulling back a little and flinching when his penis brushes against Dean’s skin. “How would you . . .”
Which he figures is half of why Benny’s so amused; they probably make a ridiculous sight, Castiel with his soldier’s shoulders and woman’s dress, and Dean, big even for an alpha, carefully maneuvering the reins around him; and all of it on a single horse.
Which is why Dean is baffled and distressed when he keeps glancing over to find Cas picking at one of the most sparsely populated dinner plates he’s ever seen. He makes quick enough work of it, still, and when he sits there for a full minute afterward, making no indication he’s going to get more, Dean remembers about Cas being all nervous; honestly, Cas is so blunt and assertive and
“It is interesting, Bela,” he calls after them, voice rich with amusement. “Evidently, Lawrencians aren’t the only ones who get sentimental.”
like he’d once imagined.
“Meg needs a translator for a work event.”
“I’ll take some
“Uh.” He blinks. “Uh, that . . . that’s a difficult question to answer. Why, um, why do you ask?”
Dean wants to say, but he can tell Sam’s too busy feeling sorry for Cas that A) he has to be here in the first place and B) that he has to put up with Dean, to make the obvious connection.
“You asked me to.”
“Look, Cas, I get why you made that up last time, okay? I know you were dealing with . . . stuff, but you said you resolved it, so let’s just forget about it. And don’t go around kissing everyone in the castle.”
“I do. I know that’s not what’s best for us.”
much, after all? — but he’s certainly never enjoyed it, at least not beyond that pleasant sense of relief when his clumsy handling of his penis finally yields result.
Dean just gapes.
but — it — god, I don’t even know.” She takes a deep breath. “It’s all ridiculous. Maybe we should all be spinsters at Mills Park together, do you think?”
“What I’m saying is — you would be amazed, what a girl with a sketchbook can ultimately bring about.” She pauses again. “Or even a man in a pretty blue dress.”
Sam shrugs, fiddling with the label of his beer.
And then he reaches out, fingers brushing over Dean’s cheek.
Covid-19, and not a damn thing has changed.
“A chart?”
hovering amid the shelves in the library, trying to look busy. He thinks about asking for the hall pass to visit the boys’ room in pretty much every goddamn class, as often as he could get away with. About lagging behind in the locker room, letting Benny go on without him, dragging his feet through the swarms of students until they finally brought him to Sam.
Then a grin splits her face.
“Of course. You never let me look in it, but it went in the cupboard, so I knew it was important.” Cas spent
Dean stays buried inside, mouth hot over his rim while his tongue darts and flexes, thrusts shallow as Cas trembles around him, and then he abruptly draws nearly all the way out, offering a few wet slurps before he fucks back inside, thrusting harder and deeper.
“Okay. I’m gonna need to put it up to your hips though. Is that okay?”
“The hell is that supposed to mean?”
How the hell is Dean supposed to just go
Cas smiles, letting his head drop until his cheek rests against Dean’s, faintly scratchy from stubble but carefully held still, so as not to hurt.
about forgotten that. Thanks for that.”
“You’re sleeping in the castle.”
Cas sits back, satisfied.
“Alright.”
Maybe they’ll let Dean have him anyway. Maybe they’ll let Dean have evenings riding through the orchard and toiling leisurely in the garden and tucking into well-earned meals together. Dean catches himself wondering, sometimes, if he
Sam starts.
Cas is satisfied with all of the other things they’re doing, but – those are supposed to just be things Cas would normally be doing solo, anyway. He’s not looking at Dean as a partner, or even a partner stand-in, which means the standard has to be different, right? Whereas if Dean offers to let Cas use his dick and whatever propellant muscles lie behind it – even if it’s not sex for them, it’ll be meant to simulate a sex scenario.
that’s a recent development, and now that Dean’s no longer busy trying to figure out how he can, in fact, trick Cas into being his boyfriend, he’s wondering if he’s been missing something important.
And walking Cas out can only take so long, right? So it shouldn’t be
“I think I thought about it once. I’d made him a pie — it took me forever to get it right, but I was sick of fighting with him, so I thought it would be worth it — and he just . . . destroyed it. For a moment, I think — I think I almost wanted to. Maybe even did. And I could have.”
It’s a little difficult to be patient, so excited is he to have Dean here again, but he forces himself to lie still next to Dean and content himself with watching. In the end, he’s surprised by how easily the minutes pass, Dean’s breaths deep and even as he dozes away beneath the tartan blanket.
“But it could have been. For me, too. Your council, they issued their proclamations — but we expected them to come after me. I think you expected that, too, if you were to just — let me go.”
Dean narrows his eyes. It
“Did you call his bluff?”
“I know. You’re right, and I
And if he is — why? Is
Dean stares hard at his plate, wiping his mouth.
“She’s got a point, kid. People with her qualifications are kinda thin on the ground. But it’s a good deal for her. It’s a good deal for
“But I usually wear you out,” Dean presses, and Cas shrugs again.
“Okay, hold the fu-”
He had better scrub
“Ridiculous,” George splutters. “You already let him go! You owe him
Charlie stares.
Dean shrugs, tugging on Cas’s hand a little and reaching for the other one. Cas immediately offers it, climbing onto the bed with an expectant face.
Which — yeah, Dean was certainly aware of that, but —
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
Aw, fuck. On the one hand, Dean supposes it was unlikely that this thing with Valencia would work out. As cute as they are and as much as Dean’s mentally already added her to the family, the odds of something starting when they’re that young and lasting aren’t great. Dean was hoping the slow burn would save them, but maybe not.
Well, Cas had an entire city laugh at him as Dean drove him through it.
“Are we
“What does that even mean?” he hears Sam ask.
“Oh. Just, uh, we’re out, but — it’s no big deal.” And, just in case Cas is worried about what that means for
“Sounds good. And make sure you get him some ice for anything that needs icing,” she adds, and with a wave, heads back down the hall.
Cas effectively saw one room at Singer Estate, but leaving it is one of the hardest things he’s ever done.
“Knock yourself out.”
“If that — if that’s true, then can we — if we don’t break up, can we go back?”
She looks wary.
the time.
Still — the night improves. Dean keeps close, once they’ve made it back down, and with Anna distracted and Charlie preoccupied with party obligations, Cas is able to enjoy that closeness without interference. Dean pries his arms uncrossed as they exit the elevator, catching his hand and firmly threading their fingers together once he’s succeeded, and by the time he coaxes Cas to a vacant table, sits him down, and leaves him with a kiss on the cheek and a promise to be back with food, Cas has all but forgotten what he was vexed about in the first place.
“I know. And I feel bad about it, but — there’s not a lot we can do.”
“Sorry,” he whispers, and just to be fair, gently starts licking it off.
favorite.”
the case, Cas sure as hell doesn’t want to know about it.
George huffs.
“It — it didn’t even happen, Dean,” Cas interrupts, because he
Dean’s quiet for a minute.
He can’t find them.
“Dude, not at all.” Dean hesitates. “And — you know, it — it’s fun to come see you. You’re not the only one who might think about getting a cat.”
Cas swallows. Alright, so — more than a little insane. Very insane, perhaps.
Cas, to his own bewilderment, feels
“So — you don’t — I dunno, you don’t have any friends you can stay with?”
“Dean,” she says sternly, leaning sideways to look past him. “I thought you said you’d got him clothes.”
“The honeymoon phase,” he repeats, and Cas nods.
“No way in
“Uh. Well, I’ve definitely never done what you’re suggesting.”
anyone. If
Dean? For you, maybe, but even if you’d stayed, I would have been right back where I was in high school-”
“You were seeing all those girls again. She suspected you’d guessed she was a lesbian, and you were calling our bluff.”
“It’s unreasonable,” Cas complains through a crumbly bite of cake. It’s a little rude, but Sam won’t mind. He probably won’t even get upset if Cas gets crumbs on the blanket, like Dean does.
The next moment, Cas’s back hits the wall across from it, Dean’s hand behind his head, cushioning it as Dean curls around him, cursing loudly.
Dean wasn’t allowed to just — be a jerk to Cas, whenever he wanted. Cas could, and would, stand up for himself, no matter how much he loved Dean.
“He is, but mostly he’s . . . well, let’s call it shameless. He’d be up for a lot of questionable misadventures, even with strangers.”
isn’t going to sit here for another hour so Cas can laugh about it later. And
“Oh, God,” Dean mutters, thrusting smoothly back in, and a wild thrill sprints up Cas’s spine, warming him. “Oh,
Cas has no idea what the rules of kissing are for a situation like this, a situation that didn’t call for kissing in the first place, so he mimics Dean and opens, and is startled by the way Dean immediately licks inside.
“Very.” She sighs. “Well. Let me know if anything changes. And have Jo brief you on what’s happening. I know you’ve got your drug case, but—”
“That I do,” Val says slowly. “Dean, I don’t suppose you’ve got a mixer we can borrow?”
About thirty seconds later, Valencia arrives, surveying the table for a moment before letting out a disappointed sigh.
You don’t even have long hair.”
had the right to try and give her to you, anyway.”
“Yes. He’s wrong. I don’t want that from him. I just want to be his friend.”
“I didn’t decorate it,” Dean says quickly, preempting him.
“You’re addressing the Crown Prince of Winchester. So you know.”
The hand in her hair stops, and when she tilts her head to the side, Patience is standing.
They study each other for one a moment, still and strangely assessing.
“Cas?”
“When I say I want what’s best for you,” she starts, abruptly serious. “I mean it. I know it doesn’t seem like it to you, but — I do. And whether you recognize it or not — I think he
Jo shrugs.
This feeling, though — this is the kind of feeling that makes the world stop. He feels caught in it, frozen and caved inward from the force that surrounds him.
But Cas has told him, twice now, that that’s not what he wants.
“Well, yeah. Even for a joke, that’s going way too far.”
Cas just rolls his eyes.
Cas promptly looks down at his penis, a little horrified.
Dean falters, momentarily distracted, because Cas
“I mean your dress should have got a lot more than
“. . . is he still
Until he blinks sleepy eyes open, that is, and finds Cas staring at him.
happen?”
Cas sits up, half-turning, the line of his mouth visibly bitter even in profile.
“I can handle it.”
after that, the crowds of people abruptly moving in all directions, conversation and laughter and
“Like — did you really just—"
“Alright, that sounds like a ‘yes’ from all parties. In that case, we’re not done here,” Pamela interrupts, smiling at them with a barely-there hint of malice.
He follows her gaze toward the window, but Dean is completely turned away now, shoulders up.
Cas’s tongue darts out, wetting his lips a second time, and it’s almost enough to distract Dean from his embarrassment. How dry can they
“God, no. Not even in my first year of college.”
“No,” Cas finally says. “They don’t.”
“You’re not gonna ask me how?”
makes Dean worry.
Dean swallows.
The hall seems miles long when he stares down it, at Cas’s closed door, horrified.
Dean laughs, but not unkindly.
He frowns.
the impossible, is the most beautiful.”
stay for the fireworks, then it’s actually not that exciting at all, if you think about it. It’s the kind of thing you do when you’re completely stuck in a town and you don’t want to spend another night at home contemplating the crushing monotony of your own existence.
Cas has always wondered that; as — as
“They’re going to be disgusting all evening, aren’t they?” Jo asks dryly, and Cas thinks he hears someone smack her head. “Ow. Fine.”
If not for the fact that it’s
Chapter title taken from
Five minutes in, Cas has some regrets.
Cas’s eyes sting, sudden and sharp as his vision begins to blur at the edges, and for a moment, he feels paralyzed.
Dean grumbles the whole way, sneezing occasionally, and Cas feels very sorry for him. He also feels something warm and soft and glowy, when Dean screws up his face and finally sneezes, but he’s not sure what to make of it.
“Yeah. Yeah, okay. Tell you what, Cas; I’m gonna grab a spare blanket and pillow and sleep on the floor over here. How’s that sound?”
addressed during negotiations, and Cas agreed to them. He does see how, in this instance, both were not possible.
“Did they ever say anything to you?”
“Alright?”
“I don’t want to hear you talk about my happiness, Anna. You say you want it for me, but you do everything you can to stop me from having it. You say you want me to have
“Alright. But first — Anna, may I please have a new candle for my room? Mine is almost out.” She clears her throat, looking away. “But I’d like to get it tonight, just in case I forget.”
it, and if you’re
Cas shouldn’t have any problem telling him where to stick it. God knows he has before. Dean nearly went crazy that time he had that ambitious idea for his final project in EE and he partnered with Fergus Crowley since the guy had the funds to back it up, but no matter how many times he tried to point out that Crowley was almost certainly organized crime and it was a dumbass move to put yourself on his radar, Cas did it anyway.
Tags: Bottom Castiel/Top Dean, Anal Fingering, Anal Sex, Unsafe Sex, Barebacking, Lap Sex, Some Dirty Talk, Minor Comeplay (this assumes the author fully understands what these tags mean and while they’re
“I’m pretty sure I know what
thinks it needs to take a “few-days” long trip at the most inconvenient moment ever.
“Why, hello there, Castiel! Fancy seeing you again!”
Dean jumps, swearing.
“Well, excuse me if I don’t wanna watch you nearly die a second time! Or, god forbid, actually do it this time!”
“What did you want to talk about?”
“Hi,” Sam says shortly.
“If it helps,” he starts, halting. “I think I’m supposed to undress.”
him, but he dismisses it almost immediately. Dean’s been an ass all evening — Cas isn’t sure why he expected anything else — and by the third time Dean went to talk to the girl (after Cas absolutely
“Of course,” she returns calmly, and when it’s clear she’s started reading again, Cas carefully drains his mug and heads back to the kitchen for another.
“Nah. Honestly, I don’t have to bother moving you if you’re cool with it.”
“What did you tell him?”
Cas hesitates.
Remembers his utter confusion when -
not totally and completely random. Seriously? Are you sure he wasn’t playing a prank?”
“Oh, thank the Gods. I thought it was me, and — well, not to brag, but I can assure you I’ve never gotten
The day after making Cas come twice is the longest, most agonizing day of Dean’s life.
He knows Dean’s safe, unlike those long gaps during the wars, but to hear almost nothing is terrible.
“Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”
Cas furrowed his brow.
“What do you
“Do you want me to walk you guys out?” Anna is giving him a strange look, and he wonders how long he’s been standing there, silently cogitating.
“Well, no one,” Charlie says bluntly, “But mating and marriage aren’t everything, and — what if Cas came back to the castle?”
“Though I stand by my previous statement regarding your attractiveness, I can’t believe I’m the only person to ever turn you down. I don’t see how it was such a blow to your ego you had to
“Huh? Oh. Yeah. It — yeah. I just — picked up a few gifts and hung out at Dame Lafitte’s, is all.”
There’s a weird impulse to drag Cas’s feet into his lap, and he might have done it five years ago, but now there’s years worth of carefully negotiated distance between them and while he’s ninety-percent sure Cas wouldn’t think anything of it, there’s still the chance that the familiarity has become unwelcome.
Dean carefully settles back in next to him, hoping Cas won’t notice it’s a little closer than before.
“Well. May I ask
He stares, and the way Cas looks back is almost enough for him to pry the laptop back open and order the shit out of his cart, because there was warming apple pie flavored lubricant in there and he’s almost as excited by the prospect of trying it as he is by having canned chicken and soup base again.
feel.”
“Sure.”
Chapter warnings: references to masturbation, references to fingering and bottom!cas, depictions of exercise, light references to body insecurity, let me know if I forgot anything.
“Dean,” he pants, eyes shut tight, and Dean hums, nipping at the skin of his shoulder before his fingers suddenly reverse, pushing in out of rhythm and spreading when they promptly draw out once more.
from his side now.
Cas studies him for a long moment.
Cas smells . . . interesting, to say the least, and Dean hurries back to his own side when he’s done, trying not to think about it.
He holds out his arms, raising a brow.
(So maybe there’s no piss-bottle, after all.)
“Yes,” he breathes out, squeezing Dean tight. “Good, Dean, it feels so good—"
going to fuck someone twice without them coming in between, it’s just reasonable to expect to be able to tell how badly they still
“I love that,” he pants against Dean’s shoulder, heart racing. “The sliding part. It feels — feels
There’s a storm brewing in his father’s face, and Cas wouldn’t be surprised if today is the first time his dad hits him.
“No, I
“Yeah,” his sister says quickly. “Yeah, exactly. And you — you’re saying the difference is — it’s a matter of perspective? Or — how it plays out in practice.”
Dean blinks, then reaches up, rubbing the back of his neck.
And Cas — Cas decides he’ll just . . . wait and see.
It’s a long moment after he’s said it that he realizes, and he blinks, coming back to himself with a frown. He hadn’t meant to.
from there. And
He seems to be getting more comfortable with his barrack-mates, though. Cas is blunt and decisive, and yet, he’s strangely shy around his peers.
Dean just gives him a Look.
His grip on Dean’s shoulder tightens, and not in a comforting way.
” He nudges Cas’s foot with his own underneath the table, and though Cas looks startled, that foot seems to chase Dean’s back to rest, where it nestles deliberately alongside it. “They’re gonna love you.”
“I don’t. It — it’ll be fun, probably. Always used to look forward to Thanksgiving with you,” he adds, the words like an olive branch, maybe, or even a denial that he’s angry.
“Fine, fine. What about a double penetration toy? And you know, there’s all
There’s a long, sympathetic silence, and then:
“Anyway, after work, I was going to spend the evening with Dean.”
But — that’s incredible, isn’t it? Cas
Cas laughs, a laugh Dean can feel where they’re joined, and Dean laughs, too, even though it wasn’t necessarily a joke, and turns their hands, squeezing.
“But Katya—”
“Kevin. Can I talk to you for a minute? Over there?”
? “Sex would be a really bad idea, don’t you think?”
(Dean also decides he’s fucking terrified.)
“You should shut that,” he points out, once Miss Talbot’s steps have faded entirely, and Anna jumps, swiveling.
Dean/OFC and Cas/OMC: Dean and Cas are at a bar and fighting; Dean starts flirting with a woman, which exacerbates Cas's upset, and the situation worsens; resigned to this being the end of the bet, Cas makes an effort to pick up a man he meets while Dean is flirting with the woman.
Cas’s lips press together, and okay, maybe that wasn’t the best thing to say.
“You came back from a weekend with a woman you met as a hookup, and with whom you have since formed a close friendship. A woman who is exactly the type I always thought you—”
Eventually, though, he speaks.
The door starts to shut, light escaping with it.
“Well, you can have sex with each other!” Charlie suggested, far too gleeful, and Cas’s chest went cold.
At any rate, he’s unsettled every time he looks up and unexpectedly meets a pair of bright blue eyes, and Cas doesn’t even have the decency to look away.
Dean moves his hands away with an ease Cas frowns at, and for some reason, Dean laughs.
to Dean being there when he falls asleep.
“Do people who have sex write about it in their letters?” Cas asks next, because that seems like an
There’s a soft snort.
“Alone? But — I thought you had someone help you.”
“I was thinking about you touching me.”
much larger than his purchased heat aid, so — so obviously, they’re just going to have to make it
“Before you go,” she starts, folding her arms and plunking into the chair catty-corner to him on the settee, brow furrowed. “I’d like to talk to you about something.”
Dean, utterly beyond reason — but how the hell can he do that if he’s a nervous wreck the first time they fuck? He’s
“Please, everybody and their mother’s familiar with how Cas can react,” Dean retorts, not thinking, and the curious look turns sharp.
Dean smiles at him, though there’s a peculiar tension in what Cas can see of his body, angled as he is.
Dean’s logic is, to put it franky,
Because maybe Dean isn’t as happy to give as he thought.
Dean hesitates, sobering.
Sam studies him for a moment.
“I don’t wish to speak of . . .
used to go to IHOP; more specifically, Dean would drag Cas to IHOP after a late night studying or working or dicking around playing video games and watching movies, and as hard as Cas grumbled about being pulled from the warm embrace of his bedding, he’d still polish off an oversized breakfast special and half a dozen pancakes like it was nothing, smiling at Dean’s dumb jokes all the while.
Bobby sighs.
Cas will end up at home) when Charlie corners him.
“I’m not saying I can’t, but — he’s kind of old. And bearded.”
“A few more
he’s gonna need a better test than mistletoe at a family gathering.
He looks down, embarrassed.
“I’ve been . . .” he hesitates.
he have time to finish all of these books? Even if he does, is that a good thing? Is he going to spend every single day reading and napping and drinking coffee? Obviously, it’s a pleasure to do so in the short-term, given that he’s never had the opportunity, but if he thinks of doing that for
To his relief, Cas struggles upright. He’s staring at Dean like he’s watching the whole of Lawrence slide into the ocean, but he’s still probably not in mortal peril.
is mother screamed. “You
And maybe if he thinks any less of Cas for that, or treats him differently because of it, he’s not the guy Claire thought he was — the guy Cas
Cas, right? Even if they did get into an argument, they couldn’t possibly have started
him while said masturbation occurred.
after all, it’s certainly nothing Cas is doing — he supposes he appreciated the thought.
In the mean time, Dean can be patient.
Cas lifts his chin.
as he crosses the room and seizes the towel.
Like always, it should be patronizing, but Pamela says it so sincerely, Dean’s mostly just squirming in his chair; and maybe he should feel bad about all the lying, but most of that was truth, and actually, Dean feels pretty good about that choice.
Dean doesn’t text for three days.
Dean elbows him again, but it’s probably obvious from the way he’s laughing that he thinks Cas made the joke even better.
?” he finally sputters. “He’s a kid , why the fuck would I ask about his
“Well, we’ll see. If nothing else — you probably need a new pair of drawers, don’t you?”
Cas would explain to her that Dean’s been excessively considerate of him for more than a month now, but he’s too preoccupied with his apparently impending heat to remember.
