We kissed for another while, just standing in each other's embrace, until he pulled away slightly. I was still hugging him though, not wanting to let go, and I was glad Castiel allowed it. It was soothing.
"Of course," Cas replied. His voice was steady and sure of himself, a convenient perk of not being able to feel fear.
It was a few months after I joined them in college, when I met them outside at our usual lunch table. Charlie was there as well when I approached them, sitting on the bench, while Cas and Dean were sitting on the table, legs crossed and facing each other. They were mid-conversation, smiling as always, hands brushing. They did that a lot, actually, and even though I'd been a little bewildered at first, I quickly realized that it was just something they did. It wasn't like they acted differently around the other than before, so I guessed it was all platonic.
"If that's all you figured out, I'm gonna punch you," Sam said. This time it was Dean rolling his eyes.
"Oh okay," I said, shutting up, but Benny wouldn't have that.
And I do, pressing my eyes closed.
Cas looked at him calmly, tilted his head to the side and narrowed his eyes. "Tracker?" he asked.
I didn't look at Dean when he shifted closer to me carefully.
"Here," he then said, filling a cup with the coffee he had made this morning, grabbing a bottle of water, and setting both of it down on the counter.
"You're so hot, Dean," he sighed and climbed on the bed himself, leaning down to shove his tongue into Dean's mouth in a sloppy kiss, and then began undressing him. Dean didn't do anything to help, but that was okay. Castiel didn't blame him.
for him to be content with his life. He had nothing to lose. Except, well, his dignity.
Dean chuckled. "Alright." He stared into Castiel’s eyes for another few seconds. "You know..." Dean then started. "Now that there's nothing stopping me, will you... um... be my boyfriend, maybe?"
Well, looked like Dean had a date Friday night.
"Ready?" he asked and pressed play when Dean nodded.
I crawl out from under the mattress reluctantly, still pouting slightly when Dean starts caressing my head gently, sitting down on the bed carelessly. It feels better than it should and I'm way too exhausted to care that it's Dean making me feel that way, so I just close my eyes and lean against his leg heavily. My breathing gets shallower when he doesn't stop.
He felt a gentle nod and gave Dean a wink as Cas carried him out of the room to the sounds of his deep, baritone voice singing, “You are My Sunshine” softly into the little boy's ear.
Cas watched the way his body moved all the way down to the end of the dock. Dean couldn’t help but notice.
“I never am.” Misha said with a boyish smile.
Dean continued to rotate the shoulder joint, then moved his hand over the muscles surrounding it. Cas’s eyes closed, as the pain began to subside, letting out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. He opened his eyes slowly, finding Dean looking deep into his. Neither seemed able to look away, they just stood there, surrounded by dusty old sports equipment, and a single beam of sunlight let in by the ajar metal door. Dean’s hand had stopped moving over Cas’s shoulder at some point; it now just gripped it, tightly. Neither would remember how it exactly happened, who initiated it, who’s lips touched who’s first, just that it happened. It was soft, slow, and lasted a perfect amount of time. Neither could say who pulled away fist, just that it ended with Dean placing one last gentle kiss on Cas’s still exposed shoulder, before turning, and exiting the shed, with only the sound of their racing pulses in their ears, and the clicking of Dean’s cleats on the concrete floor.
“If you mean the boss you were hoping to impress, afraid so.”
“I promise you Jensen. I don’t know where that came from. I don’t even know anyone named Dean!”
“What I just said.My idea? I think it will really boost morale, get the fans more involved and watching.”
Silence.
Dean’s father put out his cigarette slowly in the copper ashtray next to him as Dean began to cry.
“Yeah, just the network. I have to take it.”
“And? All you have to say is And? Jensen had called Misha that, and that means he is Misha’s brother, or Cas's brother... family bonds are strong...he has to remember!”
“Dean…”
“To Dylan.” he toasted, holding up his glass to Jensen. Jensen couldn’t help but smile at the irony as he took a sip, while Misha finished the entire glass with one long gulp, leaving Jensen' a bit flabbergasted.
“I turned the heat on, it takes a few minutes though to warm up.” he said, turning the vents towards his passenger.
“Hey! It worked for us the first time, didn’t it?” Dean barked back, giving Cas a wink as he pounded the ball into his glove.
“You denied it right? Tell me you did D! You don’t want this to get out. Think about your future….your scholarship!”
-beef sauteed with peas and onions
“You ready for this?” Dean asked, straightening the new tie around his neck.. “The whole ‘till death do us part’ thing?”
Dean sighed, turning on the radio. “We broke up. She accused me of cheating on her. And that was it.”
“Mish! My head hurts and I need coffee. Now shut up, and go get your car. I will follow you.”
“Was he alright?” Misha stuttered.
“That was….”
“This is our day, Mish.” Jensen said into his ear.
“Do I know who...who I am?” Dean asked, confused by the odd question.
“Just keep praying. It’s going to be a long night..” he added, placing a hand on G.M. shoulder before leaving the room.
“Come on, let’s celebrate.” Benny hissed, grabbing his arm.
Jensen huffed out of his office, unknowingly passing by their guardian angels, shocked that anyone on this set would speak to him like this, much less some new guy.
“I spoke to Father O’Keefe this evening after she left. He told me about a place, about a treatment center that offers a type of therapy that cures people of this kind of behavior.”
“Ma. You say that every year. And 34 feels...old.” he grunts, stretching under the covers of his bed.
“Joe. Nice to meet you. I thought I should tell you,  one of your people was really having a tough go of it down at the bar last night. Good looking fellow. Jason?”
Hooking his finger around that infamous blue tie once more, he continued to lead him to a much needed shower. The Apocalypse wasn't going anywhere. At least not tonight.
“Wait. Are you Misha Collins the Executive Producer of After the Storm? Wow, it’s a real pleasure to finally meet you. I actually spoke to your secretary this morning. My name is Dylan Winters…”
“I love you James Novak.” Dean declared
“Nice meeting you too. And hey. Is it really your birthday?”
“Me too.” Dean shouted back. “Don’t forget that!”
“Fuck you. I am a damn good actor, and this is a damn good show...”
“Please! Do something!” G.M. begged into his prayer shaped hands.
“Who’s the chicken now?” he whispered to him, before diving into the water.
“He who?” Dean snapped. “You mean...”
"Dean STOP! I just want to go home!" Cas pleaded. "Please, just let me go home!!"
“About what?” Jensen inquired.
Bobby nodded and got back into his car.
“No son. I just wanted to tell you how proud your mother and I are of you, and the progress you have made these last few weeks, making it right with both God and Lisa.
As they reached the next grouping of media, Rachel joined them.
Jensen ended the call and made his way over to the door as he pulled on his grey terry cloth robe that belonged to his dad. Opening the door, he was met with a delivery man, holding the largest basket of baked goods and specialized coffees he had ever seen.
“I packed like two weeks ago, just in case. Oh. I almost forgot.” Cas reached into his desk drawer and removed two envelopes: one addressed to his parents, the other to his brother Gabriel.He ran out of the room to deliver them, returning only moments later. “Ok. Now I’m ready, let's go.”
Cas’s face sunk as he looked down at his little brother, picking him up in his arms.
“Shower sex, then coffee?”
Jensen still wasn’t sure what prompted Misha to come over, but he had never seen him like this so strong, so masculine, hot, yet so tender at all the right moments. The yummy sounds the raven haired man made whenever they kissed, or he tasted his skin or cum, and how he took his time before he entered him the first time, stretching him open with those long fingers, had him begging for more. Maybe it was Matt thing, or maybe it was seeing Dylan in his home, but he and Misha put all their doubts to rest with pure orgasmic ecstasy, each of them giving in to the familiarity, knowing they now belonged only to one another, Laying spent and tangled in each other’s arms, Misha brought Jensen’s hand up to his lips and kissed his knuckles before his breath slowed, turning into the rumbles of a soft slumber. Jensen had never felt so cared for, so needed by anyone in his life. This warmth...this feeling between them could no longer be denied.. Jensen drifted off, curling into the nook of Misha’s shoulder..
“Maybe I should just stick to cold food and drinks while I am at work...ouch.” he flinched, running his thumb over his thigh.
“Dean. Stop. I’m going with you.” Cas stated as he walked towards his closet, pulling a large already packed suitcase from it. “I’m ready.”
“So any other plans than the Emmy's today?” she asked
“Kansas State?” he asked, holding up a sweatshirt he found in the bottom drawer as Misha tightened his favorite green tie.
“Go. Misha said giving Jensen’s upper arm a little rub. “I’ll be fine. That... was enough attention for me for the rest of life. I swear. I’ll meet you inside.”
Dean batted away Castiel's hands twisting away like a petulant child.
“When did 35 years become less than 6 hours?” Uriel asked, taking Jensen’s hand in his. “We wronged them again.”
As if scripted, Misha walked up behind them at that exact moment.
Stopping compressions, he checked his vitals once more...nothing.
Misha’s office phone rings, startling both of them.
“Physically yeah, he just seemed... sad.” the employee said empathetically.
Silence.
“Of course not. You’re not going anywhere.” he promised as Dean sat up straight, wiping haphazardly at the tears on his face. “You can’t because I just found you.”
“Hey! I see you Gabriel Michaels! Get your hands off my man.” Jensen joked as he approached the two men hugging.
“Here ya go.” he said as he handed them to him with a smile then backed away.
When Cas returned, he found Dean sitting on his bed, head in hands. Dean stood up, and before he could say anything, Cas s kissed away every doubt filled speech he had drummed up they had been apart.
Uriel nodded and followed Balthazar back inside and followed him into the room.”
Dean was trembling at this point as he ran back in, pulling on his gown as he dialed Cas’s number once again. No answer.
Dean smiled as they pulled away; they were headed to the Singer place.
“Sam could you give us moment?” Dean interrupted him.
“What is it?” Dean asked, seeming to be drifting off to slumber.
Cas nodded then got out of the car to follow Dean out to the bank of the lake where he threw down a blanket and plopped down on it, and opened the basket.
“Did you try going over there?” Bobby asked.
Just as he remembered him from their last night in the bunker, Dean Winchester was unwinding the impaled kite from a tree branch, before lowering it back down to its owner, who was giddy with delight.
Dean laughed as he ran his free hand through his hair.
“That’s not going to happen.” Misha replied.
Dean said nothing as they pulled into a private lot. The full moon reflected bright on the tiny waves of a man made lake with a long wooden dock that Castiel quickly recognized as Dean reached into the backseat and retrieved a couple of blankets and an old basket.
There was something familiar about him that Jensen just couldn't put his finger on. Outside the door and out of view, stood the two guardian angels Balthazar and Uriel. Years of missed opportunities, unable to intervene due to God’s free will format, and with only one year left, it was Balthazar who dumped the oatmeal, and Uriel was furious with him.
”Dean, I don’t understand, what are you doing here? How did you...where’s Sam? Jack?” Castiel prattled.
‘Fuck it! I am going to call him!’ he said to himself.
“Maybe I should just go.” Dean said somberly.
“We were drunk, and we didn’t want to be alone on our birthdays. That’s all there is to say.” Jensen blurted as he tied his shoes. “We gotta go. We’re going to be late.”
“What the hell are you two idiots doing?” a female voice yelled, startling them both. There, behind the back stop stood Gabriel and Rachel.
“I’m sorry.” Dean rasped, “I’m so sorry. Please don’t be mad I ....”
“How does it feel to be 34, my handsome boy? I woke up this morning feeling like it might be your best year yet!” she squealed..
“Hey! Where are you going?” he heard Dean’s hollar.
“Sam? Dean? I could use a hand here.” Bobby bellowed from the hall.
“It’s happening! It’s happening! IT’S HAPPENING!” Balthazar babbled.
“You’re right.” Dylan responded, taking a seat on the coach.
“Then I will make you.” he said with a threatening tone.
Jensen said nothing and just melted into him, sweeping them both up in a soft, deep kiss…
Misha went back to office, trembling a bit. The stress on him was feeling insurmountable, but he knew deep down he could turn this show around. He made himself a large mug of hot tea, and made his way over to his desk, when he tripped on one of the many still unpacked boxes, spilling the tea down the front of him
“No. I’m fine. Just a little blister, no big deal.”
“Misha. Such a nice Russian name. Well once you get dressed, be sure to come get some cake down the hall. You too, birthday boy!” Rita added before she exited the dressing room.
“Um. It says you will both die of a random cause to be determined and come back here.”
When Cas returned, he found Dean sitting on his bed, head in hands. Dean stood up, and before he could say anything, Cas kissed away every doubt filled speech he had drummed up they had been apart.
Before Dean could protest any further, Castiel entered his room; the lock was not much protection from a seraph clearly on a mission.
“Ok. I will go over there. What’s the address?”
Cas let out a laugh, “Of course. And never call me that again.”
“Hi.”
“Look Jensen, you knew there would be changes...?”
“Yes. And he is quite upset about it.” Uriel sighed.
“Do you...do you know... who you are?”
He then saw a familiar face across the lobby.
“What did you call me?” Cas barked.
“You have boxed wine?” he yelled with a tinge of sarcasm.
“Yes ma'am.” he added before joining the others.
“Dean?!” Cas steamed as time passed. “Did you hear what I said to you?”
“What's going on here?” he asked
“Jensen. Please. Give me 5 minutes, and I’ll go. I promise.” Dylan said, his hands clasped together like a prayer.
“You look good up there, that's all!.” Cas yelled back.
“I’m sorry sir!” Misha’s secretary announced.
Castiel stammered once again as Dean moved to stand before him. "Dean you don't, I mean what I said..."
It's like we both are falling in love again
“Jensen, it’s me.”
“Or what?” Benny growled.
“Answer the questions.” Jensen demanded, his eyes searching Misha’s face for an answer.
“I need to find him!”
“Wait Dean. Before you say anything…”
“Really bad fucking day.” he muttered as the engine turned over.
“So does this mean you want the chip now? Cause I worked pretty hard on it.” Dean asked, forcing a loud laugh from Cas’s lungs before he took the chip and ate it. “So good.” he gushed, savoring the taste. “How can you not like Cheez Whiz?”
As their lips fell apart from one another, Cas looked deeply into his eyes and simply said, “Let’s go.”
“And why should I care?” she growled.
“Hey!” Dean chirped as he walked in. “Woh. What’s going on in here.” His eyes darted about the kitchen, sniffing and peering in to each bowl and pan.
“Where are we?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, it’s all going to be ok Dean. We will take care of this problem.”
“And why the hell is it any of their business who you…” his father suddenly stopped mid-sentence when he saw the trembling look on his son’s face, giving him another nod.
“Now, can we get out here? It smells like poop, and my feet hurt.” Rachel whined.
Jensen gave his hand a squeeze before making his way back out to the carpet with Rachel at his side.
“Jimmy?” his mother called out. “Are you ok? I heard a scream.”
“Cas. Stop. I know that. The game.” he interrupted. “She saw me...with you.. said I used to look at her like that. Crazy bitch actually tried to blackmail me. Said that if I broke up with her, she would tell my parents.”
“She was cool with it.”
“Ugh! Mrs. Ackles, now YOU are the one making me feel old! That birthday song was for you too, Misha.”
Cas was without words as he looked at the old man standing in front of him in a whole new light. Those dimples and soft green eyes.
“No, you don’t, you couldn’t! Because narcissistic assholes like yourself don’t think about ANYONE but themselves.” Jensen bellowed. “You not only tried to ruin my career, but then I found out you were cheating on me the entire time we were together!”
The final chapter...this Friday.
Jensen stepped on to the elevator, just before the doors closed; it was full.
“Yeah. Apparently a script our boy wrote years ago just got picked up for a 3 month run. I personally think it’s a step back in his career, but what do I know.” G.M. finished with a final sip from his glass. “I need another drink.”
“Yes, Mr. Collins.” Jensen teased with a high pitched giggle.
“Jay, I know you’re mad, and  you have every right to be! I just need 5 minutes, please!
“I did, but my mom took away my keys, said I had to stay for the party.”
Cas ignored them as he tried to slip past the group.
It'll be just like starting over
“I don’t know.” Jensen answered, letting out a small cough.
“What happened?”
Jensen couldn’t help but notice how truly handsome he was and how little his head shot actually did for him when the elevator door opened. Stepping on the elevator, Jensen turned to the front, locking eyes with Misha as the doors closed.
Clothes were hitting the floor at a rapid pace on their way to the master bedroom. Jensen fell back on to his bed, legs dangling off the edge, naked and hard. Stroking his cock gently, he reached out for Misha with his other hand to join him, but Misha refused. He just stood there, taking his time to admire every inch of Jensen’s perfect body with his darkening blue eyes.
“Don’t you have any family here? Or...someone?”
“This was supposed to be for you and Lisa, wasn't it?” Cas murmured with a sympathetic tone.
-custard
“Just say yes.” Jensen hissed as his lips and tongue made their way across Misha’s already plumping manhood.
“Need you, now.” Misha hissed, as both stumbled in each other’s grip towards the bedroom.
“And no one’s stopping you.” Jensen's answered, as slowly slithered down Misha's body, eyes still on his, his lips and tongue taking turns dragging across his chest and abdomen.
“Gross. Look, you’re only going to hear me say this once, so listen up. As you both know, I am rarely happy for other people, but seeing you both together lately, and here today...I really am happy for you. Truly.”
“I think it would be best if you just stay away from the Novak boy.” his dad concluded, seeming to ignore all of Dean’s protests.
Dean leaned on to the counter top, and took a couple of deep breaths. It was going to be ok, he kept telling himself. He picked up the phone receiver one more time and dialed.
“Dean?”
“Where do you think you are going?” His mother asked with a scolding tone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas opened his eyes.
“I’m confused. I thought you just said you had.”
Misha was surrounded by empties and a pile of papers he still hadn’t even touched in his lap.He looked over at the man sitting next to him on the edge of his seat, rotating an old baseball in his hand into different pitching style grips, a little pizza sauce on the edge of his delicious lips. Jensen quickly sensed he was being watched, and shot him a sexy glance.
“What’s going on?” he asked, “You ok?”
“Jensen Ackles?”
The next morning was the first official table reading of the new script. Misha sat at the far end, knee shaking anxiously as he read and re-read the script over and over again, while the actors and department heads arrived. He had stayed up almost all night and came in early that morning, making sure it was as perfect as he could make it for them; but he still couldn’t get Jensen’s anger out of his mind. He even dreamed about him last night, they were playing baseball together of all things.
“Deja vu?” Jensen adds.
“Fuck! Jensen! Jensen! Wake up! Hey.We have to go!”
“D what are you doing here?” Cas hissed. Dean flopped down onto the bed and began to cry. Cas tied off the towel that hung low on his hips a little tighter and moved to sit next to him. Draping his arm around him, Dean fell listestly on his shoulder.
Gabriel could barely comprehend what had just happened, much less call out for help before both patients shot up in their beds, hands still intertwined, wide eyed and gasping for air.
“Jensen! Come on! I just want to talk! You won’t’ return my calls!” Dylan hollered from behind the door.
“Thank you sir, I have been trying.” Dean said stoically.
“You all right kid?” a familiar voice asked.
G.M. pulled away from Misha, painting a big smile back on his face as he cheered the arrival of his star actor. Misha held up his phone and walked away from them both to answer it, his finger plugged in his other ear in an attempt to hear better.
Reality flushed over him. Dean was being taken away from everyone he loved, away from the only place he had ever called home, and worst of all, away from the game. Cas’s heart ached with love and guilt. He loved him more than he could love anyone else, and when he thought about his plan now, it seemed nothing less than....selfish.
Gabriel quieted, giving him a small smile. “No, it’s my stage name. My birth name is actually Gabriel Michael Novak, but Novak just didn’t scream “sexy” to the casting agents, if you know what I mean.
The man took the large bill from him. “Wait. You think I’m a stripper?”
With a loud smack of disconnect, Cas looked down into those perfect green eyes and whispered, “I want you.”
Dean pulled off his cap, running his hand through his sweaty hair. “Is something wrong?”
Misha dropped his champagne glass, spilling it all down the front of him before it smashed on the ground, causing a rousing round of laughter from the group that had gathered around them.
“How can I not be, with this fine piece of ass on my arm.” Jensen announced with a wink.
Matt leaned in closer to Jensen, placing his arm around the back of the loveseat they shared, giving Jensen a quick wink before looking back to G.M. and letting out another exaggerated laugh before asking a question.
G.M. shook his head, then, as if in a trance circled his arms around Misha.
It was then that he noticed Jensen walking away, headed towards the elevator bay, and a dark hair man with a single suitcase greeting him with a smile.
“Ok. I will go over there. What’s the address?”
“See that’s where you’re wrong D. He is definitely NOT one of us.” Benny answered snidely.
“I’ve been thinking about it a lot lately, we both obviously can’t stand to be away from one another, and you’re basically at my house every night anyways...just say yes.” Jensen said, with a crooked smile.
Knock. Knock. Knock.
Dean smiled once again on cue, deep down truly gracious to each person who stopped by to see him and extended their congratulations and good luck wishes; but he hadn’t been able to concentrate since this morning. He and Cas had met up at the lake for some very early morning breakfast and some fishing off the dock, which ended in the back seat of his car.
Misha nods as he finishes buckling his belt, “You feel it too?”
Dean told him everything that had happened, about his father, what Lisa had done, and about the camp his parent’s planned to send him to be cured.
“I know. I can’t imagine what that was like for you Jay…”
“Thank you sir, I have been trying.” Dean said stoically.
Dean paced outside the doors of Woodcreek High School Monday morning. Cas hadn’t returned any of his calls, or answered the door when he went over to his house that weeked to check up on him.
Cas soothed him with a hush, rubbing his back. “I am just going to go away for a little while.”
Misha’s eyes reopened slightly as he brought Jensen’s hand slowly up to his lips, kissing it gently on his knuckles.
Castiel's words were suddenly silenced by Dean's soft searching lips. The connection between them in that moment was so complete, that neither could ever say again they couldn't have what they truly wanted. As their lips fell apart from one another, Dean took the Angel's hand.
Misha’s eyes searched for an answer, but he couldn’t find one. Why did he say that?
Minutes ticked by like hours until Bobby finally returned. Dean looked up at him from the dinner table and got his answer with a look and a shake of his head. A round of laughter erupted, around him which he entertained with a smile as sheer panic began to set in.
Rita, the show’s costume mistress walked in without knocking, carrying a suit.
“Hello, Dean.”
Balthazar was ready for a fight from the other angel, but was astonished to find Uriel helping him, pulling Misha’s monitor and medical I.V. pole along behind him. Placing Misha’s hand in Jensen’s, Balthazar and Uriel could now only stand back and watch to see if Balthazar’s rule breaking would work.
Picking the phone receiver up in the living room with the shakiest hand, Dean called Cas.
“Please don’t be mad at me. I’ve had a lot to drink, and maybe I shouldn’t  have said that to you, but I do...I miss you every day, every minute, with every fiber of my being... like a piece of me has been torn away. And hearing G.M. say those names tonight, the names you and I have BOTH said to one another, and that story about his brother...what was that? What is THIS? Still deja-vu? Now it’s a coincidence? These months, being away from you, giving you space... it’s been killing me.” he wept.
Chapter includes explicit sexual content.
“Jensen, I …”
“Is that why you were calling and texting me? To tell me the drugs made you do it?" Jensen asked.
"Dean?" Was the question on everyone's lip's including the two guardian angels sitting with their backs to the wall in foyer. The most confused of them all seemed to be Misha, still catching his breath.
“Hello?”
“Yes. But about that Dean, what I…”
“Yeah. It’s me, Cas. You look…”
“Oh what a bunch of bullshit, Uriel!” Balthazar exclaimed, as he undid the wheel locks on Misha’s bed, and against all the rules once again, pushing Misha’s bed towards Jensen’s bed.
“Misha?” a voice called out and opened the door with a knock.
Gabriel’s eyes filled with tears as the same team returned, this time for Misha.
“I don't’ know. I just know this is what he wants.”
Misha’s head was swimming with surprise and familiarity as his need to deepen the kiss forced his hands to drop the pants he was in the middle of pulling up. Gripping two fist fulls of Jensen’s shirt, he groaned against his lips as he pulled him even more impossibly close, close enough to make the two of them very aware of Misha’s state of undress. As their lips fell away from one another, they also became very aware they were not alone.
DING! Finally.
“Fuck.” he hissed hanging up the receiver. He needed to find him, tell him the timeline had changed. They had to leave tonight!
“Me too.” Cas said back, standing up and brushing his knees off with  hands with a smile on his face.
Cas slowly turned and started to walk back towards him.
“I am leaving tomorrow Cas! My dad got me a spot for an earlier camp and you were nowhere to be found, and I don’t want to leave you, but I can’t…..”
The chip was carefully adorned with little tiny cheesy hearts around the words that read, “Me too.”
Cas shook his head, and adjusted his stance behind the plate. Dean’s pitch came down right across the plate with a hard smack in the web of Monty’s glove, forcing a howl with excitement from Dean.
His father’s voice woke him instantly from that moment. “Can I talk to you son?”
Dean knelt next to him pulling him tight to his chest before looking back up at the two angels.
“Jensen...I. I thought you didn’t get home till tomorrow.”
“Dead.” Dean answered, his eyes distant, his head bobbing in agreeance before finding Castiel’s eyes once again. “I was dead. I remember. I was there.”
“I just can’t imagine my life without you anymore.” Jensen whispered against Misha’s lips.
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
“I’m telling you Uriel, they both made a face.” Balthazar shouted.
Jensen nodded back. “It’s weird. Sometimes I look at you, but then, I see you…”
“34 is hardly old, and if was, what does that make me? ” she responds. “Any plans for today?”
Rachel let out a nervous laugh, then smiled. “Well. Really nice meeting you and look forward to working with you. There’s cake.” she quipped before making a hasty exit.
“The strange thing was, even though it wasn’t how I hoped we would meet, but there was something so...familiar about him, like we had met before.”
Jensen sat up just enough to slide his t-shirt off and toe off his flip flop shoes when his doorbell rang.
“Don't do that.” Dean barked from the mound with the most serious of faces.
“I know it says Thanksgiving, but I figured it was still ok. Seems Rachel makes it for friends so, it has to be good!” Castiel declared.
It happened so quickly. The roads were so slick.
Dean was trembling at this point as he ran back in, pulling on his gown as he dialed Cas’s number once again. No answer.
“Yeah that’s me.”
“YES!”
“Jensen, I’m a mess.” Misha whined, hiding his face in his neck.”
“Alumni.”
“Please don’t get all dirty you two. I don’t know why you have to do this today” Jensen’s mom hollered at them as the old screen door to the house slammed shut.
The way they fit together so well. Jensen finding that perfect groove between Misha’s thick muscular thighs, his growing erection rubbing gingerly against his own as the intensity of their kiss left them both breathless. The sound of Yankee Stadium’s victory celebration continued to roar through the television’s speakers, as they looked deep into each other’s eyes, both seeming to search once again for an answer that neither knew the question to. But this was different, this moment, this kiss, them like this together.
“I'm fine Cas. ” he barked back.
Misha worked through most of the night. With a couple hours of sleep and shower, he headed down to the hotel restaurant, hoping to surprise Jensen with his favorite breakfast foods and coffee so they could pick up where they left off the night before.
‘What am I doing?’ he said to himself.
Arriving at the hospital in the same ambulance, the two angels jumped out first followed by the two stretchers carrying the unconscious Jensen and Misha. It took a couple hours for the doctors to finally stabilize them both, but all of their test results came back negative, leaving the doctors stumped on what was causing their symptoms. G.M.spoke with the hospital management, and requested both be placed in the same hospital suite for security reasons. He also called their mothers, scheduling them both for the next flights to California, and preparing them for the worst.
“Please don’t leave Cassie.”
“I love you Dean Winchester.” Cas shouted over a growing roaring sound, as the same bright light from before appeared .
Cas’s face sunk as he looked down at his little brother, picking him up in his arms.
“Really? Did we ever meet?" Jensen asked, slipping it over his head.
“What?” Dean said, looking baffled.
Peeking through the doorway to the kitchen was Mary and Sam. “See?! I knew he would love it.” she whispered with a smile, before guiding her and Sam both back to their rooms.
“What the matter? Is it because I’m not your type?” Benny asked, setting off a wave of laughter from the others.
“I think you’re right this time, Ma.”
“What are you...where’s Jensen?”
Then a cell phone rings.
Picking the phone receiver up in the living room with the shakiest hand, Dean called Cas.
“Nope, I have to work, filming all day. New head writer is being brought in. But might go out tonight though.”
“Dean.”
Cas turned to her, a look of concern on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jensen let out a hardy laugh that even surprised him as the elevator opened.
A bang on the screen door gave them all a fright.
“Jesus, Jensen. Hope he was worth it.”
“Hell no.” Misha said, pulling a slice of greasy pizza from the box. “But if you compare their stats this year to those two years they took it all the way, they stand a really good chance and I need the money. I thought for sure I had missed the entire game...but I know, we need to talk.”
Cas looked up at his father. “I truly am sorry, sir. For all of it.”
Matt gave him a smile, then tossed a bottle of ibuprofen to him.
“Look at this.” Uriel groaned. “We finally have them together, sitting just inches from one another, and a television show is coming between them. The irony.”
“Never been more ready. It’ll be a first for us.”
“Dean?! We are leaving in 5 minutes!”
“DAMNITT!” Dean yelled as he followed through on his pitch. Cas swung with all of his might, driving it high up into the sky. Cas took his time getting around the bases, high fiving imaginary team mates as he made his way around, as Dean rested his hands on his knees, cursing himself for being so stupid. “You son of a bitch!” he howled.
“They want me to leave after graduation. I’m not going Cas.”
“But you...” Castiel’s face grew stoic. "It was you, wasn’t it? The one who was calling for me, the one who woke me up, the annoyance in heaven that The Empty sent me to deal with.” Castiel sighed.
With a loud gasp, the Winchester shot up, bashing his head in to Castiel's.
“Fuck you Benny.”
“I need to go out for a bit, get some air.”
“Oh. Well can you have him call Walt back at this number? It’s important.”
“Misha? You’re not THE Misha Collins, are you?”
“Is the car open?” Bobby asked. Dean nodded. “Well, time I show you how to hotwire a car.”
“What? I could swear I saw someone poison it, I was saving his life!”
“I’m sorry, I can’t give out that information. Have you tried calling him?” she queried.
His lips moved to the Dean’s sensitive pulse point on his neck, meticulous, making their way down Dean’s body, tracing it with his tongue, unbuttoning his shirt as he went, then finally working his zipper downward, his lips finally circling their final destination when he heard Dean gasp, “WAIT!
“Mom!” Misha giggled. “Hotter.”
Jensen, without another word, jumped up with a curse and ran out the door barefoot, holding on to only his towel.
“Is that our new thing? Me too?” Cas asked with a giggle, placing a small kiss on Dean’s cheek.
He went on to explain how it all came about, and how happy he was to finally find something he would appreciate, not just something he needed, but something he wanted. Mary smiled at him, rubbing his arm gently. “It’s perfect. Really. He is going to love it. Why don’t I put in the refrigerator so it can chill. I will clean this up, while you and Sam go help Bobby, he still needs help out there.”
“She wasn’t.” he confessed, his breath pouring from his lungs, wiping away the tears from his cheeks. “She threatened me. Told me that if I stayed with her, she wouldn’t tell you or mom, or anyone else. And...I...I couldn’t live like that.”
“We are going to die of hypothermia.” he denoted as he moved closer to Dean. Dean’s eyes widened as Cas stepped closer, blushing all the way to his toes as his eyes roamed over Cas’ moonlit body. Cast took one final step forward, resting his cold hands on Dean’s warm chest. Dean’s lips crashed down upon his, delving his tongue deep in between Cas’ lips, swirling playfully around his, when he felt Cas start to pull away, giving the tip of his tongue one last playful suck.
“Really bad fucking day.” he muttered as the engine turned over.
He looks at his phone which reads, “Mom”. He answers, just as she begins to sing Happy Birthday to him in Spanish, just like she has every other birthday.
“Perfect. Just like I said.” he stated as he moved to thread both arms under Castiel’s trench coat, pulling him in once more...for another taste.
Cas nodded ok, and took Dean's hand .
“NO Dean!” he responded, pulling away. “We finally did it! We were finally free, and they just took it all away! We can’t be dead! We can’t be!”
His father’s voice woke him instantly from that moment. “Can I talk to you son?”
Dean snarled, then pulled Cas to his feet and turned him towards him by the shoulders.
They both raced over to their backpacks and pulled out their gloves, Dean dug down into his bag to retrieve a ball, then both retreated back to the field, to play a little catch. Castiel went and stood over home plate, signaling Dean to climb back up onto that mound. Dean instinctively started kicking the heel of his sneakers into the dirt to dig up and reveal the buried pitcher's plate, pressing his foot into it til it was just right.
“Say it, Mr. Collins.”
“Well, look at you two... just all out there aren’t ya.”
“Did you see his face?” Uriel asked.
“Loooove you, D.” Misha whispered in his sleep as his arms circled around Jensen..
“That’s my line.” Dean reminded him, before taking Cas’s hand.
“You ok sir?” Misha asked him with an earnest smile.
“Gracias.” he answered sweetly.
“Coach? Hey. It’s me. Are you planning on stopping by? You are? Good. No. No. It’s not the reason I called, I need your help...I leave tomorrow.”
To his surprise, Cas’s parents took the news well.
Castiel moved to the bedside, his shoe splashing in a larger pool of Dean’s blood just below where he lay.
Sam gulped. Sipping his milk, to free his mouth to speak. But it was too late. The top of the veggies and meat was now smothered with whip cream and carefully placed raspberries. Sam picked up his plate and placed it in the sink, before making his way over to the angel to take a closer look. On the counter was the recipe: “Rachel’s Friends Thanksgiving Trifle Recipe.”
Then, a beep.Then another.
Cas opened his eyes.
“You know about this?” Jensen asked, taking a glass of champagne off the bar.
“You smell like cow patties.” Dean replied, removing the blanket off Cas’ shoulders and replacing it with his own letterman jacket. Dean tossed the blanket on to the hood of a nearby car before driving off.
“She knows, Cas. I told her.” Dean said as he put his baseball glove away.
“Yeah, I’m not much of a wine connoisseur, tastes all the same to me.” Jensen explained as he made his way over to join him.
“Is, um… Is there a Castiel in this world? An angel Castiel?”
“I could do it,” Jack said, looking up from the bed, where he was still working with a pencil. “It’s not hard. You simply tell the window to remember itself as it was when it was whole, and the molecules rearrange themselves.”
Cas chuckled and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, watching the screen.
“Frequently, Dean prays to me by telling me to get my feathery ass to where he is.” Cas gave Dean an exasperated look but now Dean could see the fondness in it too. “There are no feathers on my ass.”
“Yeah. No Hebrew.”
“I don’t know what Castiel is like when he’s only at half-mast,” Gabe said. “He does like to go off half-cocked though, doesn’t he?”
As Castiel followed Sam’s hand back and forth, a new scene emerged. He was again shackled to Naomi’s chair, Metatron next to him with an angel blade. This time Metatron held a vial, and Castiel knew it was for his grace, for the spell that would cast all the angels out.
“Only,” Crowley answered. “I find two names nauseatingly redundant. And initials to be pretentious. But seeing as you are without representation,” Crowley pulled a gold case out of his breast pocket and produced a business card, “I would be happy to help you navigate this lion’s den of the book publishing world.”
“Okay. And then in between EMDR sessions, things can come up then too. You don’t need to make them go away or cease to exist, but you don’t want to make them bigger either. You want to just sort of transfer the energy into some other activity. Maybe take a shower or go for a run or write in a journal.”
“I wasn’t planning on Gabriel staying with us,” Dean muttered.
“Dean,” Castiel said, reaching out to lift Dean’s chin so he could meet his eyes. “These children—and teenager—are all a part of the whole Dean. They’re a part of
. Using one foot for leverage, he flipped them so he was on top, his forearms framing Cas’ face. This was more familiar; he could work with this.
“They’re still my family, Dean.”
“The night I met you,” Dean said, his voice sounding oddly choked with some emotion, “you said something that really stuck with me. You said, ‘You don't think you deserve to be saved?’ And I didn’t. Hell, sometimes I still don’t. But I believe with every cell in my body that you do, okay, Cas? No matter what you’ve done, no matter how many times you disobeyed.”
“No, I like a lot of things. What I don’t like is discordance. Screaming for no reason. The romanticization of violence. It’s…jagged. Bitter.”
“Dean, I can’t do that to you.”
“What? Gabe?”
Castiel nodded and shifted so he was leaning a little closer to Dean.
“She is working for the British Men of Letters,” Cas added. “And tried to evict me from my vessel with a spell that I wasn’t aware existed anymore. Not since the Middle Ages. Dean intervened and took the brunt of it.”
“Can Dean be here too?” Castiel asked, knowing that Dean was surrounded by an emotional cloud of frustration and powerlessness, washing already-clean dishes in the kitchen.
“Yeah, but only for him to heal you. Not possess you.”
“That from your new boyfriend?”
“Oleoresin capsicum,” Gabriel said.
“Fine,” Gabe said, taking his time getting up from the couch.
“Can’t? Or won’t?”
“That wasn’t really the asking I meant,” the stranger said, “but I’ll give you this one. You asked for help.”
. We clear on that?”
After taking a few shaky breaths, Dean visibly swallowed and nodded. “Okay.”
“You think you have reason to fear me,” Michael said, “but you are mistaken. Your universe is fractured and concrete. The Christian mythology played out physically. That is but one universe among many. Here, hell is a human construct, a misery completely of human creation.”
“Unca Dean! I make Gabee-el platypus!”
Sam had said he was going to research both the GPS implant and what had led up to the capture of those angels who’d already been executed, though he looked a little green when he left with his laptop.
“I am sorry,” Castiel said.
“Yeah, I’m with the new guy.”
Dean’s posture curled in slightly, his shoulders hunched, and his steps became shorter and slower. His hands, too, went from easily maneuvering the cart to gripping the handle tightly. Dean’s gaze went slightly out of focus, as if he was concentrating on something internal, and Castiel could feel a wave of emotion coming off him. He focused on the lyrics, watching Dean’s lips move as if he was barely mouthing along.
Dean felt tears sting his eyes and blinked a few times to clear them. It was maybe a little sappy, but truth be told, this sounded like the kind of series he’d love to read, and his curiosity was piqued.
my family.
Carefully watching around him, Castiel altered direction and headed back toward his original destination. He knocked once, waited, listening intently, and knocked again when there was no response. “Dean.” He spoke softly but urgently so that none of the other Deans could hear him.
“Good! What does the chair have you feel?”
“I did,” Jack said. “And I was going to tell you something,” he added in an undertone. “After we’d left. He ordered two biscuits.”
“That last one’s easy. Someone starts creating chaos and pain? I put an end to it. Peace prevails once again. And I wouldn’t call it indulgence. I don’t go around eating entire candy stores like some angels drink liquor stores.”
be good. But I’m not.”
“Relax,” Cas said, his mouth at Dean’s ear. “Don’t overthink it. Just let it in.”
“Yeah?” Dean removed his hand.
“Yeah, I got it.” Dean reached behind him for the coffeepot to refill his mug. “Dean sucks. End of story.”
“Are you okay?” Sam asked, sounding concerned.
“End game, pal. Remember?” Gabe chided. “I have values too. I value peace and cooperation.”
“I am…unharmed. But not okay.”
“Jeez, don’t tell me it was—”
“Yeah, I’ll show you who’s better,” Cain said, stomping back out of the field and past Castiel again.
“I would like you to.”
“Look… you’re around someone long enough, you’re gonna let ’em down. Can’t tell you how many times I’ve let Sammy down. He’s let me down. It happens, okay? Just don’t do it all the time. And talk to me. Half the idiotic stuff you’ve done was you thinking you were doing the right thing and if you’d just told me, we coulda worked it out with better consequences.”
“Yeah. What else am I supposed to talk about?”
“No, Cas,” Sam said. “You should eat. Gabriel too. You should both eat. We’ve got food covered. You just focus on healing.”
“And which,” Castiel said, reaching his hand into Dean’s hair and pulling him close again, “have you decided?”
He got two beers out of the fridge, snapped the caps off, and handed one to Cas, then clinked their bottles together. “To a new chapter.”
“Not that are still living. Why are you asking all this? Did something happen?”
and a ball of heat from the grave. Sam stayed by the dirt pile, the snow around the grave edge melting, and tried to get his breath back. He still couldn’t manage more than a shallow wheezing, but maybe getting out of the cold and a night of rest would help.
“You already can, Dean.”
“Have you ever explored downstairs?”
“No, Cas. That’s not the way this works. Nice, easy breath in through your nose. Hold…now out through your mouth.”
“Have you talked to the man from earlier this morning?” Jack asked.
“This is also Dean,” Castiel said, indicating where Dean was sitting on the bed. “He remembers a lot of things he did that he regrets, but he doesn’t remember doing any good things.”
“I know. Use plenty of lube, okay? It’s been a while since I’ve done this.”
Lover Dean chuckled. “Why do we do that? Avoid them? Those moments are when we allow ourselves to be vulnerable. When we finally say things that matter.”
“You want to color?”
“Okay,” Jack said, subdued. “I wish I could make it better.”
“I am!” Gabe said, holding up his arms to show off his biceps and nearly hitting Sam in the face.
“Yes, Jimmy has been gone for some time.”
“—breaking news from the White House this morning that Congress was unable to pass the legislation that would guarantee human safety against violent angel retaliations. The House passed a bill last week, but neither that bill nor the Senate’s own bill—”
“Yeah, but I mean… Is he still bleeding, losing grace?”
“It’s kind of ambiguous,” Sam said when he got back on the line. “There’s a section about title and series rights, and it does say that if they refuse a manuscript in the series, you can’t use the series name to publish the rejected manuscript with someone else unless you have their written permission. But it doesn’t say that they
Dean pulled away slowly, his lips swollen and red and looking so very kissable, and Castiel reluctantly let him go. How a human being could be so beautiful was beyond his ability to comprehend.
Dean tapped the steering wheel as he thought. “Well, it’s nearly dusk now. We should reach the Iowa-Missouri border in about five and a half hours. Like I said earlier, the checkpoints seem to only be near towns or on highways. So I think we can make it into Missouri, but getting across the Missouri River into Kansas is the critical part. It’ll take us about another hour to where I expect they’ll set up a checkpoint.” He looked at his watch. “That puts us at the checkpoint at maybe one in the morning.”
Sam rolled his eyes and went to look for Gabriel. Gabe’s door was open and Gabe was sitting quietly on his bed, eyes closed, face slightly upturned, looking, well, almost angelic. It seemed he was going to have to interrupt everyone today. He knocked softly on the door jam.
Cas seemed to consider that for a long time. “I think… I think I will know when I get to the right amount. I can’t explain any better. Will you trust me?”
“Ah.” Gabriel sighed. “No, he can’t. It might be better explained that Castiel has some damage done to his energy. If I had full access to Heaven’s power, I could heal him. But from here? No. It’s too much damage.”
“Whatever floats your boat, man.”
“I will always come back to you, Dean.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. But look, I brought newspapers.” He held out current editions of the
“See! He hates Destiel!”
“With you so far,” Dean said, taking the last of the bacon.
“Dean—”
“But we had nothing to do with that,” Castiel objected.
“Jack can create a soul out of his grace too,” Sam finished.
“So you were in your motel room just a moment ago, and then you were here?” Castiel asked.
Turning his face slightly toward Cas, Dean said, “You realize I could say the exact same thing to you.”
“I… Where am I?”
“I brought an equal amount of work,” the man argued. “He will use this to claim dominion over me and mine.”
“It was… Yes.”
Breakfast was room service again. Dean didn’t want to think about how much the hotel bill was going to be, and resolved to pay Cas for half of the meals, submitting the expenses to his publisher. The rest, he was pretty sure, could be a tax write-off.
Castiel nodded. “I think it’s a kind of portal.”
about my self-publishing. And now my contract’s in the toilet and I’ve got nothing.”
Jack looked back and forth between them. “I like pie.”
“He is as my own soul,” a young man said to him. “I cannot bear to tell him to leave and yet his life is in danger. My father
have changed his mind. And now Castiel was preventing it. Acting on orders from Heaven, Castiel was now the cause of so much needless suffering.
“What are the limits on what you can do?” Dean asked, holding the car keys in his hand. “Clearly you can move objects—at least small ones—and change the color of your clothes. And you helped Cas. Is it like when Cas is only a little juiced up?”
“Dude, that’s creepier than I can deal with right now,” Dean grumbled. “I know you don’t need sleep, but come lie down on the bed and pretend.”
Dean stood at the center, the Mark of Cain clearly on his inner right forearm, surrounded by deep slashes that didn’t bleed, as if he’d tried to cut it away. His eyes shone black, and a cruel smile distorted his beautiful face. In his hands he held the First Blade and a red-hot iron comb, bits of flesh still clinging to the sharp teeth. “Volunteers for my rack?” he asked, the look on his face daring them to come closer. “I can always use the practice.”
“No, Sam.” Castiel shook his head. “You owe me no gratitude. That spell was intended for me. Were it not for Dean, I would have had to find a new vessel. I have no idea how long it would take for me to return.”
“It is not my truth to share,” Michael said. “He may share it if he wishes.”
“Sibling is the closest English equivalent. Neither he nor I are technically male, though our vessels are. We come from the same creator, the same…
“So what does worship look like for you? And do you still? Like, after…everything.”
“Huh. Guess we’ll have to ask him.”
“No,” Michael explained. “Dimensions are varying perceptions of reality. Parallel universes are the playing out of different choices in alternate space-times.”
While Gabriel’s fingers were still on his forehead, Sam felt a sudden urge to yawn, an impulse that took all his focus to fight, knowing how much pain it would cause in his lung and ribs.
can try that next. You need sleep, Sam. You’re clearly fatigued.”
“Yeah.” Dean considered it more thoroughly and nodded. “Yeah. But you know what I like best about it?”
“You said to call when I got a chance?” Dean said after Sam picked up.
That was concerning. “Your grace?”
was the one who drew them out of Cas, were better than any porn.
your agent?” Cas asked once Crowley was out of earshot.
“Yeah…”
Dean stared at the wall displaying his favorite firearms. “You can’t understand.” He felt fingers gently grasp his chin and turn his head until he met Cas’ eyes and saw something like compassion.
“Wow.” Gabriel chuckled. “And I thought Dean was all about the chick-flick moments.” He caught Sam’s gaze and looked like he was searching for something. “You really want me to stay?”
“We’re
“Oh, Dean…”
laws, not
“Two beast hunters and an angel, huh?” Dean considered it. “We might need a new series name.”
“I…uh…” Dean rolled onto his back and stared at the ceiling. “Yeah.”
“I’ll guide you,” Gabe said. “Go get your medical supplies.”
“You’re too kind,” Cas replied with what Dean could already tell was a fake smile. “But I have excellent representation. He’s an absolute angel.”
“All due respect, feathers, he’s the one who called me. He’s the only one who can tell me to leave.”
Sam nodded what Castiel presumed was a thanks, then took his notebook and pen and went to the table. He began writing notes as soon as he sat down.
“Stop toying with me,” Castiel growled. “I’m ready.”
“I had parents. But monsters took them both in different ways. Someday I’m gonna make sure there are no more monsters in the world. No one else will have to feel like me.”
Gabriel gave them an appraising look. “For real? Or is Dean going to dive back into his closet?”
Sam could feel his face flush. “We need to tell Dean and Cas about the implant too.”
Blue eyes suddenly snapped open. “Turn over?”
“So I guess you’re the helper, huh?” Dean said, setting the name plate upright on the desk.
Go overboard, my ass, Dean thought as he surveyed the apartment. As long as things worked out—
“Inheritance and a mid-life crisis? I don’t know, Sammy. What makes anyone hate? We don’t even know if he’s human.”
“I’d probably remember what they know. We can test it.”
“That’s something, I guess,” Sam said. “How are you going to get Gabriel back if there’s a demon at every checkpoint?”
He drew back, though not too far, searching Dean’s face for some reaction. Anger, possibly. Disgust, hopefully not, but… What he saw looked like awe and felt like wonder. And then Dean was in his space, mouth hungry against his, hands in his hair, and Castiel felt his grace sing with the connection, every touch sizzling with power and need. Nothing—
“The hall in my house.” Dean’s voice was muffled as he pointed toward the other end of the hall, on the opposite side of the stairs. “My mom and dad’s room is down there.”
“Hey, Alex,” Dean said.
“What do you want, Cas?”
“What am I thinkin’, Sammy?” Dean said, his voice a little more nasal, pitched somewhat higher. He strode out of his room and into the hallway. “I should’ve fixed something right away.”
Castiel nodded. “Not exactly a demon, but yes, he presents as one. He’s taken on the memories of torturing other souls in Hell, of his time as a demon and while carrying the mark. Where you saw nothing but despair and all of your failures, he sees nothing but pain and power.”
“’Course I care!” Dean leveled a glare at Cas, then saw the hint of a smile playing around his mouth. “Shut up. We still have an hour to go.” He switched on the stereo and Led Zeppelin’s “Dazed and Confused” filled the interior.
Sighing, Dean nodded. “Okay.”
“I don’t want you to go overboard.”
“I figured it may come to that,” Cas said. “But I don’t understand how that affects
“I don’t want to talk about it, Cas.”
Dean inhaled slowly, trying to identify scents. He shrugged. “Maybe, like, mold. Wet leaves? Dead grass?”
“I’ll be with you,” Tween Dean said immediately.
“You’re talking about having strategy sessions instead of going in, guns blazing,” Sam said, giving Dean a look he didn’t appreciate.
Downstairs contained a kitchen without any actual food, an unused, sterile family room, and a home office with a desk and filing cabinet. The desktop seemed fairly standard: stapler, tape dispenser, lamp, and a thin, rectangular piece of metal that Castiel figured must have some purpose. He checked the desk drawers but found them empty. The filing cabinet contained a total of eight files, each with one page in them. The page listed five pieces of information: name, age, marital status, occupation, and a patient number. Four-year-old Dean was patient number one. Married Dean was patient number eight. Castiel wondered if the patient numbers corresponded to the doors. Perhaps there was a method to it after all. He memorized the numbers with each of the Deans and returned the files to the cabinet, silently thanking Dean’s mind for helping him out.
Dean jumped off the bed again and ran over, putting his arms around Castiel’s waist. Which proved to be a little awkward, considering that Dean—or Dean’s body—was slightly taller. Still, he embraced Dean carefully, forcing himself to think of Dean as a child, not as the adult who had kissed him only hours earlier.
Castiel allowed himself a small smile as Dean drained the sink and wiped around it. “I’m not in danger of birthing any nephilim, no.”
.” He snorted in amusement. “You gonna be my therapist, Cas? Find another way to dig around in my head?”
“I don’t…” Dean took a deep breath. “I’m gonna have to think about this, okay?”
Sam nodded toward the door and thankfully Cas followed without saying anything. When they got back out to the library, Sam sat down and motioned to the chair opposite.
“Yeah, and it’s got you pretty screwed up. I don’t want to make it worse. But we’ve gotta find Jack and somehow take him out of the equation so he doesn’t hurt anyone else, and we can’t do that if you keep reliving
Sam nodded, knowing he had plenty of leverage if this didn’t work. “I talked to Michael.”
“I’d say it’s about a quarter-inch wide,” Barb said at one point. “Yeah, it’s oozing. It looks really deep… Okay, I’ll give him some.” She rummaged through the first aid kit she’d brought and found bottles of acetaminophen and aspirin. “Have you taken anything yet?”
“Dean, you don’t need to—”
Sure enough, the wing Sam had been working on looked completely clean, at least in the dimmer light cast by the generator. “Huh. Okay.” Sam picked up the bottle of baby shampoo and moved to Gabriel’s other side, extending the other wing and beginning the process again on the outside of the wing. At least he knew what he was doing this time.
“Cas… What aren’t you telling me?”
“Yes, of course,” Cas said, irritable that he wasn’t getting his point across. “But the practice has value. I have harmed you both, and this holiday—and technically, the word holiday means
“That’s all?” Jack asked, looking confused. “I just choose?”
, and
I haven’t been able to stop thinking about you. While I’m prohibited from texting on the airplane, wifi allows me to send email. I’m looking forward to our Skype call tonight. In case it occurs to you, do
ingredients anymore, would they?”
control this world.” With a thought, Metatron was now shackled in Naomi’s chair. A small table sat next to it, accommodating a drill and several sharp implements, including the angel blade Metatron had been holding.
“Sam made you the Hot Pockets.”
us, he says. I’ve had small feet repeatedly shoved into my stomach for the past seven hours.”
“Cas?” Dean interrupted.
Castiel sighed and stared up at the ceiling. This woman would be impossible to find, and even if, by some miracle, he found her, it would take too long for her to get to know Dean. That’s if Dean didn’t chase her away first.
“Cas! Cas, answer me!”
“But I will. I always will.” He shook his head. “If you don’t go, then I have to.”
The SUV and crushed police car came to a stop in the middle of the short tunnel created by the overpass, and it only took two steps for Castiel to walk up to the front side of the SUV and hold one hand out. Dean could see it glow briefly, but didn’t feel anything as Cas executed an electromagnetic pulse. The squad car lights went dark, the computer-controlled engines around them silenced, and Dean could hear the groan of metal as Castiel ripped the rear door of the SUV off its hinges.
Sam eyed him warily and decided to test it.
Sam picked up the phone and pocketed it. He didn’t need to check to know that what Crowley said was true. The demon part must have called or texted right after leaving the kitchen, full of fury. But
Castiel led Dean through the whirling gray, mindful of the hunter’s doorway, to the stairwell and then down. He stopped halfway down and pointed to the wall with the photos. “What do you see here?”
Cas opened the door completely. “I don’t think you want me to do that.”
“Nothing memorable,” Barb said. “Dirty diaper, maybe. But that’s not unusual.”
Dean could feel his heart pounding in his chest, immediately regretting his question. “You know what, Cas, forget I asked. You were just telling me about how private they are, how it would make you feel exposed, and then I go asking to see them. So, can we forget that I—”
“I wasn’t—”
“It’s okay,” Sam reassured him. “You’re okay, Dean. We’re in the bunker. Cas is here. Rowena’s gone.”
Dean took the exit and pulled into an empty gas station, an oasis of light in an otherwise dark night. The light from the overhead awning cast a slightly blue glow on the snow-covered landscape. He swiped another card in the gas pump, inserted the nozzle, and hurried into the small market in search of anything that Gabe might like. Grabbing the craved Twizzlers, a bag of Snickers, gummy bears, and a package of Tootsie Pops, he threw down some cash at the counter, not bothering to wait for change, and hurried back out to the car.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Castiel. I really can’t. Free will and all, you know? He’s where he is because of his choices. I can’t interfere in that.”
“Well, we’ve got books on old Enochian magic,” Sam said, half-turning to go back to the library.
“Yes. I didn’t want to die without telling you how I felt.”
“Are you thinking of doing therapy? ‘Cause I know you guys could use it.”
The newly acquired plates under his jacket, Sam jogged casually back to the motel, then around to the back where he’d parked the SUV. A few minutes with the Leatherman tool that he would absolutely, under no condition—except possibly threat of death—let Dean use, and he was set. Then it was a quick shower, inconspicuous clothing, and he was sitting at the coffee shop fifteen minutes before his appointment with the historian.
Sam laughed, then turned serious. “Wait, Cas… If you have a soul, and it’s grace that makes you subject to the cosmic entity, then if you don’t have enough grace, it can’t do anything to you. And if you do die more human than angel…”
“Yes. Just as I remembered the events of four thousand years ago as if I was there again, I…”
subject:        Hello from 36,000 feet
“Okay. Well, he said he didn’t
“The Visible Wing Act?” Castiel tried to keep his disdain from bleeding into his voice.
“Do what?”
“What?”
Dropping his hand, Cas raised an eyebrow. “You asked.”
movie, what I thought about JK Rowling’s newest books. I share a lot of YouTube videos. But I don’t have nearly as many fans as you do. So, give it up Novak. What are you offering that none of us know we need?”
“Yes.”
“Yes,” Cas answered. “Although I am starting to notice a pattern.”
Dean and Cas settled on a leather sofa while Sam sat in one of two La-Z-Boy chairs. The living room boasted a vaulted ceiling and two-story-high windows that flanked a fireplace and looked out on a deck with a hot tub.
“But it does,” Dean argued. “If we’re—” He sighed. “If we’re, you know,
Dean snorted. “Emphasis on
“And if the supernatural exists here…?” Dean prompted.
Jack looked even more puzzled. “But I don’t sleep.”
“I’ll work on my technique.”
“Here?” Dean asked. “We haven’t been driving thirty-five minutes yet. Not even half an hour.”
the one who broke in Hell.
Standing, Dean ran a hand over the back of his neck, trying to figure out what to say next. “I’m not sure Sam wants—”
Dean expected pain and discomfort, and while there was a bit of a burn, it felt good. It felt right. But Cas was holding still. “Dude, move. I’m ready.” He bucked his hips up into Cas, causing Cas to gasp.
to share something beautiful with you, Dean. I had hoped to do that without you acting like a petulant child.”
“I need to touch you. Just a couple fingers. Need to see what’s going on in those giant lungs of yours.”
“Dean.” Castiel tried to convey everything he felt in that one word, that one name more dear to him than his own.
“Okay! I’m gonna put you in the picture of my family ‘cause you’re family too.”
“Just stop, Dean.” Castiel sat heavily on the foot of the bed and looked at the floor, his wings already back in their own plane. “I know. I don’t like it, but I know.”
me. I’m offering because I want to. Besides, no one knows where I live. Sam made sure of that. My apartment doesn’t appear on any legal forms, even my taxes and book contract. And my cell phone has a Missouri area code.”
“Ah, the good old days,” Gabriel added with a sigh. “When brotherly affection was shown with threats of violence.”
“That wasn’t my work,” Crowley said.
Kelly here from Colorado Ghost & Entity (COGENT). I got ur email. Wld love help w/this case. We investigated & was inconclusive. Can’t revisit til next month.
“Mmm…” Dean sat down close to him, their thighs not only touching but Dean’s almost on top of his. “Don’t care, babe.” Dean kissed him again, then brought one hand up to run his fingers through the hair at the back of Castiel’s head, scratching lightly at his scalp and pulling him even closer.
“Yeah, I get that. I’ll grab a pair of my shorts for you. They’ll be a little long, but until we can get you your own clothes…”
Dean shrugged again. “Sign on the door says motel office.”
“I don’t know.” Sam slowed down as they drove past a farm on the right.
“What are you doing here?” Gabriel demanded. “There’s a plan; I’ve got this. You’re cramping my style.”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Thank you. I think.”
“Okay. I’m ready then.”
There was a sudden
Castiel opened his eyes, taking in Dean’s solid encouragement, and nodded.
Dean pondered the options as he shoveled coffee grounds into a filter, filled the machine with water, and stabbed the power button. “I like two the best. I can use that with Crowley too. Tell him I made this connection at FAWNcon and was just exploring the possibilities before I contacted him. Can this come back to bite me?”
“You ready?” Sam asked as Castiel settled uncertainly in his chair.
, and on the back were two sets of two smiling bees facing each other.
“It seems Dean decided to make me his helper. There isn’t a separate helping part. But there was an office, with a filing cabinet and files on each of the eight parts, and a name plate with my name on it.”
“You learn quickly,” Michael said.
“As are you, Dean. As are you."
Castiel quickly pulled his wings back and broke the hug to see Sam standing in the doorway.
“No, Jack. I’m not leaving you.”
He felt Dean’s tongue touch his lips in a tentative movement and opened his mouth a bit, hoping Dean would try again. When he did, Castiel met Dean’s tongue with his own, and the intimacy of the touch, the warm, smooth glide, had his entire vessel moving back and forth slowly, like the slow beat of wings through an open sky.
Instead, he stood and pulled his coats and shoes back on, then went to the kitchen in search of coffee, hoping that might help him get through the day. It worked for Dean, anyway.
Dean was clearly uncomfortable and Castiel’s worry began anew. Perhaps this was where Dean would ask him to leave. After all, he had nothing to contribute to getting back to their own universe.
ok well head out in am
Not letting go of Castiel’s hand, the younger Dean shrugged.
“I can teach you,” Hunter Dean said after another swallow. “Been shooting almost since I could read.”
Cas turned and gave him a confused look. “Sniffing?”
Two quick knocks on the door were followed by the door opening. “Hey, Cas, I found something,” Sam said, cradling his laptop in one arm. “This might—” He stopped short, shooting a confused frown at Dean and then his eyes widening comically when he saw Castiel. “Your… you…”
Dean shifted a little closer. “Whatever they cost, I’ll pay.”
Dean noticed a spattering of freckles on Cas’ stomach, with one particularly large freckle or mole just above his right nipple. He forced his gaze back up to Cas’ face, whose eyes reflected flashes of light from the bubbling water.
“I don’t want you trying to call new parts of Dean out without me. Just in case he goes for a gun again. Or worse.” Sam grimaced and ran a hand through his hair. “Can you put him to sleep again for the whole night?”
“Of course, Sam.” Cas nodded once and left the room.
“I don’t want you to be in pain.”
He found an appealing tree and sat beneath it, resting his back against the rough bark. If Jack wasn’t stopped, he
“Oh, please, Captain Literal,” Gabriel rebuked. “The eyebrows weren’t enough?” He raised them twice quickly in reference.
Cas looked at him with pained eyes. “I’m sorry I didn’t get you—all of you—out sooner.”
Nine-year-old Dean’s chin quivered but he held eye contact. “Everyone here came for me. And we’re here for you. I love you, Dean.”
Cas raised an eyebrow and Dean raised his hands, palm-out.
“And a few treats, right, fearless leader?” Gabe asked. “I’ve got a craving for Twizzlers and suckers, but a couple of Snickers wouldn’t hurt either.”
Sam nodded to himself. A lot had changed since then. And some things were still the same. “Okay, well, I’ll talk to him. He might take it better from me than anyone else.”
“I’ll accompany you, but I don’t think I’ll eat,” Castiel said, standing up from the other end of the sofa Dean had been on.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. “Planning to. Um, Crowley, this is CJ Novak,” he motioned toward Cas. “Crowley’s my agent.”
“Isn’t that the best thing?” Gabriel asked quietly.
Sam huffed out a breath and turned back to look at Gabriel.
He felt like he was rushing, flying, soaring toward a cliff’s edge, and he felt the moment he knew it was going to happen, when his muscles tightened, his legs stiffened, and his balls drew in, and then he was coming all over his stomach, hot and wet.
“Well, knowing Sam, he’s not gonna let me forget this.” Dean took a swallow of his whiskey and Castiel was fairly certain it was to cover up unshed tears.
“I’m not much…” Dean shook his head.
“All music is derivative of what came before,” Cas commented.
“It won’t, Sam.”
“I give you my word, Sam. Between the cuffs and the implant, there’s not a lot I can do, but I’ll do whatever I can to help.”
“We have to go back.”
“So what do we have to talk about?” Dean asked.
“You offered him comfort, and then you withdrew it, and then this morning he’s pissed and hurting and refusing to rest in your bed. Because you ‘set boundaries.’”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam said. “It…uh…got dirty. You know? So I washed it, but…it…didn’t survive. Sorry.”
“Because angels are
The warning traveled quickly through the mass of people, some scattering as Sam made sure they all made it back into the diner and through the eating area to a back door.
“Do you have plans for the rest of the convention?” Cas asked.
“Mmph,” Gabe grumbled. “I’m retired from playing doctor.”
“No blade, Cas,” Sam said quietly. “We can’t hurt them.”
“Cas, we had a plan.”
“He was my superior.”
“I told you.” Castiel sat looking straight ahead, his jaw set.
A flash of heat and an electric charge shot through Dean’s body. Chuck must have gotten it wrong. There was an odd ringing in his ears and he had the sense that people were talking to him but he couldn’t hear.
“No matter which route they take, I’m certain they will need to cross under this bridge here,” Castiel said, indicating a point on the detailed paper map of downtown St. Paul and the surrounding area that they had spread out over the bed.
Dean turned to look at him. “Did you just
“Yeah. Whatever.”
Slowly, Castiel removed Dean’s clothes, intentionally dragging the fabric lightly over Dean’s skin as he peeled off each item, paying attention to Dean’s heartrate, respiration, and pupil width. Once he had Dean’s upper body bare, he ran his fingers down his chest, curving his index fingers just enough to catch Dean’s nipples as he passed over them. When Dean’s breath caught, Castiel pressed his hands harder into Dean’s chest, getting him used to firm touch. Then after several long moments, he pulled his hands away and flicked the tips of Dean’s nipples with his fingernails.
“I don’t know. What if they don’t like me?”
, Cas said through the bond,
article years later. Sitting back, he let Dean get a good look at the image.
“He’s lying,” Cas said.
you. Not leave you behind.”
“How did you do that?” Castiel asked, unclear on why Sam’s younger authority worked over his own.
“Fergus?”
“And I think I would like to talk about this more,” Castiel continued, staring at Dean, “in your room.”
The stranger gave Sam an odd look, then nodded once. “Indeed it could.” He turned and walked down the road toward the farmhouse they’d passed earlier.
“I’m good. Better. I sent Sam out for some food. Told him I wanted a food wait-time of at least an hour or two.”
“Like, any body sensations. Other memories. Thoughts. Images that come up. I watched one patient who thought these tappers she was holding, which vibrated alternating right and left, were burning up. But it was just a sensation of heat in her hands.”
“We’re trying,” Sam said. “You hungry? You probably don’t have much to eat in the motel room.”
“Nope. If I told you, they wouldn’t be
“No!” Sam said quickly. “Just… We’re trying to figure out what happened.”
, all the while knowing he was sitting in a seat, surrounded by the scent of buttered popcorn, and could leave the theater at any time.
“So go on.” Dean’s voice was just above a whisper. “Pull the trigger.”
“He’s at a table behind you,” Jack explained. “I thought you saw him come in. I only noticed because he wasn’t there when I left but he was when I returned.”
“Great,” Sam wrote something—probably that belief—on his pad. “Last thing: what’s the belief you want to have instead?”
“Gross,” Sam said. “And you insult
boring to sit with you while you eat.”
“When we start processing what happened, all my sources say that it can stir up a lot of things: emotions, memories, physical sensations, movements, thoughts. They can come up quickly and become overwhelming. We don’t want you to be overwhelmed. We want to stir them up a little bit, and then let you be with them for a short time and gradually lose any negative associations.”
“He still thinks he has something to prove to us,” Sam explained. “He even said as much.”
“Within this dream, it’s very real to you. But let me ask you this: do you remember your childhood?”
universe, what we don’t have is the desire to stray from those parameters, because we see a broader vision of the world and our place in it.”
Sam snapped his fingers. “
The happiness and pride suddenly shifted to surprise.
“Don’t look at me, Dean. He asked me pretty much the same thing.”
Cas got to the second cop first, then stopped cold as the demon leveled one of those wicked-looking guns at him.
“Kind of a gray mist,” Dean said. “What happened to the bunker?”
“About three hours.”
“I’ve done some research on that,” Castiel said. “Initially, when we first get him, I think we can make due with a piece of brass mesh over the implant. I’ve already calculated the density we’ll need.”
“Get her yourself.” The angel shrugged, barely looking at Cas. “I’m busy.”
“No one here wants to argue, Dean,” Sam said. “I’m just glad you guys have figured out whatever’s going on between you. And…maybe look into some soundproof warding for your room.”
“Where are the men who came here?” shouted a man from the crowd. “Bring them out!”
“Aww, come on! I can twirl my switchblade. Wanna see?”
“I’ve talked with half of them. They understand what’s going on to some degree. The three child parts are all together. But I need to go back now, Sam. I can’t stay here.”
Dean could imagine the bitchface Sam was making. “What?”
, strength,” Cas explained.
“I deserve a patent, at least,” Crowley said. “Not to mention royalties.”
Sam side-eyed his brother before returning to Castiel. “That’s good. Do you need to say anything more about it?”
“The hunter would ask why I was asking,” Cas said. “Rather than asking what happened or who did it.” He narrowed his eyes. “You already know what happened and who did it.”
“I’m the one who’s gonna teach you everything I know about the best music and the best food,” Tween Dean said as he sauntered in and looked around the bedroom before eyeing four-year-old Dean. “You’re kinda cute for a rugrat,” he added.
“Not mine,” Sam said. “Ask Cas.” He closed the door and loped toward an older 4-wheel-drive SUV that Dean agreed would do well driving across Colorado in the winter.
Dean couldn’t help but break up laughing. “Self-restraint? You—” He laughed harder, fighting to keep his eyes on the road. “
“I agree, it wasn’t my finest moment,” Gabriel said softly. “I honestly thought that
“Gonna give you a bottle of Tylenol and you’re gonna lay down in my bed and rest,” Dean said. “You hear?”
Sam knocked on Gabriel’s door, not sure how to interpret Cas’ silence. He was probably still angry at Dean’s attitude, and honestly, Sam didn’t blame him. Dean claimed he only needed four hours of sleep, but more than likely, his foul morning attitude was due to chronic sleep deprivation.
“I don’t know. I guess we’ll have to go find out. But that means—”
“Yeah? What’s that?”
Words were getting harder and harder to speak. “So, you want to…”
“No. Stop talking and go back to kissing me.”
“No, that’s—” Dean shifted in his chair. “That’s not all I feel. That’s just the easy part to get out.”
“If I’m dreaming all this, can I really die?” Husband Dean asked.
“He took me to Naomi’s office. Told her to fix me. That I was defective.”
“Well, you better figure it out soon, Dean.”
Dean held up one finger. “I don’t know and no, he didn’t. He just said he was here to help, not harm, and it was going to take a while to convince us.”
Michael glanced at Jack, then Sam. “In a fractured, concrete world of contrasts, of light and darkness, there will be good and evil. That allows choice. Good or good is no choice.”
“If we weren’t trying to save Mom…” His voice broke on the last word and he didn’t trust himself to continue.
“It’s not. What
“Well, I’m not sitting this out.”
With that sensation also came a tightness around his eyes as they moved back and forth in their sockets.
“Gonna take that as a no, then. That a costume? ‘Cause those look friggin’ real, man.”
“Hungry. I smell coffee.” Dean climbed out of bed and brushed past Cas.
“Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing,” Sam said. “Does your department use it for trauma therapy?”
“Awesome,” Dean finished. “That was the reaction I had on you?”
is being unnecessarily critical,” Castiel shot back.
“I’m not anything special, Cas.”
“Easy, Gabe.” Dean was careful to stay still as shadows crept in from his peripheral vision. “Gabriel. No offense intended.” The fingers disappeared from his neck and Dean took a few deep breaths, blinking his vision back to normal.
Jack stood up. “Can we go home now?”
And then Sam lowered his hand.
“Not that I’ve read, no. I mean, they say that usually the longer the trauma went on, the longer EMDR can take. Years even. But…”
Dean entered the foyer and accepted a hug from Jess, then saw Sam coming in from the back of the house, Gabe on his hip. “Heya, Sammy.”
Momentarily dazed, Castiel lost hold of Dean, who jumped to his feet and ran toward the bedrooms.
“Yeah? That’s good. That’s really good, Cas.” Sam paused. “So, I did a little more research, because I was concerned about doing these sessions so close together. Normally that’s ill-advised, but…”
“But?” Sam asked. “It sounds like there’s a but.”
It wasn’t too early to drink, was it? No, it most definitely was not. Dean poured himself a couple fingers of whiskey, enough to start to erase what a shitstorm this day had quickly become.
Sam grabbed a chair from the small table to the side of the room and sat down a few feet away. He exhaled sharply before trying again. “I’m glad we got the cuffs off of you. That’s gotta feel better.”
“Your job is not to
“You in a competition or something? ‘Cause I already know you’re stronger than me, Sam. You don’t have to prove it.”
With a rustle of feathers, both wings quickly folded themselves tightly behind Castiel’s back. “I know,” Castiel said, looking away. “I told you they were ugly.”
“Gabriel, you…you healed yourself!”
“Jack,” Cas said, his tone now soothing.
to make amends; he wanted him to spend
do that—at a keynote either.”
“I’m not going to cockblock you, Dean,” Sam said, still holding onto the door.
“I wasn’t the first, Dean. Your father believed you were worth saving. That’s why he traded his life for yours. And Sam has always looked up to you.”
“That is not a very convincing argument.”
“No, it isn’t. I have let you down again.”
Finding more knots at the same lower joint, he pressed and rubbed until they released. “If your wings are the only part that’s really you, not just your vessel, then how come I can see them and touch them without getting my eyes burned out? Isn’t that what your true form would do?”
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t know.”
It seemed pretty straightforward. Keep the pharaoh from changing his mind. But as the court magicians broke out in painful, weeping blisters, and as innocent people and animals that had no part in any of this were crying out in pain, despite having refused to listen five times previously, the pharaoh had reached his breaking point. Without intervention, he
“Dean already asked for my help healing Sam, implying that was the price of my rescue. How much more do you expect from me before the debt is paid?”
Gabriel got out of bed and made his way over to the table where Cas was standing, taking the other cup with both hands. “Aaaand this just got interesting.” He drank a few swallows and smacked his lips. “This show really calls for popcorn, but I suppose donuts will suffice.” He set down his cup and reached for the box.
“Yes?”
As Dean flipped through the proposed contract changes, two things became clear: instead of the two books per year he was expected to submit, he would now have to produce three. And his royalty percentage was being cut nearly in half. He tossed them back on the table. “No. That isn’t gonna happen.”
“Uh, no.” He took the pills she offered and went to take them with a glass of water from the bathroom. When he returned, she was eyeing him suspiciously.
“That’s not really your decision now, is it? Come now, this won’t hurt him. I don’t think.”
me. It’s just who I am.” Jack sniffed and wiped his nose on his jacket. “You should go. Before I hurt you too.”
Blowing out a long breath, Cas considered the question. “Probably six hours a day. I spend another six or eight writing. Also long daily walks in nature helps to generate ideas. And I meditate daily. Probably an hour of that too.” He shrugged. “So that’s a day in the life. Not so exciting. Especially compared to some authors who travel around the country for authenticity in their books’ settings.” Cas met Dean’s gaze and winked.
“What’s going on?” Sam asked, slowly making his way into the kitchen, dressed in a clean t-shirt and sweats, his hair wet and dripping onto his shoulders. Dean hovered behind him.
“I won’t hurt you, Dean.”
broken. I am
Dean ran a hand over his face. “I don’t know. Nothing’s ever easy, is it? I’ll talk with Cas about it, see what he wants to do. Right now I’m just interested in writing with him. Maybe we can work the publication details out later.”
It was hard not to feel small. And with Gabe in cuffs and Cas running low on grace, the news reporting Gabe’s escape and a checkpoint coming up in just a couple hours, it was hard not to feel afraid.
Dean nodded twice, letting out a long sigh. “Yeah.”
“Come on, you’ve seen him. He’ll give and give until there’s nothing left. When does he ever ask for anything for himself? When does Cas take care of Cas?”
“I’ll be back in a moment,” he told Gabriel. “I’m going to try something.”
Royalty rate for hardcover: 10%
“Dean,” Michael said fondly. “There is no such thing as a fallen angel here.” He turned to Cas. “You are not broken, and there is nothing wrong with you.”
Swallowing down a lump in his throat, Dean forced himself to look at Cas. Cas looked sad. And determined. And something else.
“—something more going on out there?” Jody was saying.
Dean kept his eyes on the road, scanning for any signs of speed traps, his hands tight on the wheel. It wasn’t an appropriate time for music; his nerves were too shot. Instead, he focused on the mile markers, each one counting down the time until they were home.
He pulled back the covers and helped Dean underneath them, then covered himself up to his waist. “What was that noise?” he asked, once he remembered how to speak.
An unpleasant sound woke Sam from a deep sleep, scattering whatever dreams he barely remembered. He yanked the pillow over his head and tried to go back to sleep, but the sound continued. After an interminably long time, it finally stopped, only to start again a few moments later. Groaning, he sat up and began searching for the source. Ah. Phone. Caller ID simply said, MOM.
After getting a room, taking a quick shower, and putting on a fresh change of clothes, Sam crossed the four-lane highway, nearly deserted at this time of night, and rang the doorbell. After a few minutes, the door opened a crack, a swing bar lock preventing it from opening further. The sliver of face he could make out was young and exhausted.
“Thanks.” He gave her his room number, slipped on a pair of sweatpants, and slowly made his way to the door to let her in.
“I don’t know if you can,” Castiel said, his head still down.
“If we’re going to treat each other as equals, I need to know that you’re going to be honest with all of us. Not just me. And not just when I ask a question.”
. But no bunker. It’s like exactly the same world, except
government.”
“Uh oh,” Dean muttered next to him.
“We’ll get you a journal of your own, Cas,” Dean said. “We can get it for you today.”
“Cas?” Naomi called to him. “Cas!”
sort of agent, right? Alien? You got that mind-zapper too?”
blew them. You know how I know? Because Cas told me. Said he could also tell that Gabe’s implant wasn’t working anymore. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that. Would you, Sam? Because we all promised to be open and honest with each other, remember?”
Dean gradually felt more comfortable with what he was doing, working his fingertips into tight muscle and gently combing through the overlying feathers once the muscle relaxed. Cas’ eyes were closed, his breaths coming out in soft puffs, until he suddenly opened them wide, quickly drawing his wings back behind him again.
“Ahem.” Mary cleared her throat. “I’m still here, boys.”
“That’s…” Dean shook his head slowly, “crazy. And cool.” There was what looked like admiration in his eyes. “So…they’re there right now? Even if I can’t see them?”
“I’ll be here. And I mean it, Sam. I will be here.”
After blinking several times, Cas seemed to take stock of his situation and slowly pushed himself up into a sitting position. He released the seat buckle and started to climb out.
“Dean, I don’t think that’s—”
“It’s me, isn’t it?” Jack said.
Ten minutes later, she had her phone in her hand and he was trying to convince her not to use it.
“What makes you so sure?”
“Remember when Cas sent you back to your room with a touch to the forehead?” Sam asked.
Dean stopped in the hallway. “Look, if I told Sam, he’d give me thirty reasons why I shouldn’t, all of which would sound good, but bottom line? We need to know what he knows.” He resumed walking. “So I’m gonna summon his ass and keep him in the dungeon until he gives it up.” Not hearing a second set of footsteps, Dean stopped again and looked behind him. “Cas, what’re you—?”
Cas sighed and nodded his head once. “Being asexual doesn’t necessarily mean someone is not interested in sex. For me, it’s about attraction. I was never attracted to anyone before you, and despite how much I loved your words, I still had to meet you to know if it was just your words or if it was
Pulling away, Cas trailed wet, open-mouthed kisses over Dean’s chest, circling one nipple before finally pulling it into his mouth and sucking on it, his tongue and teeth teasing it until it hardened. He pulled off and blew on it, causing Dean to arch his back, dragging another moan from him. Cas gave the same attention to the other one, and Dean wasn’t sure he could handle this going on much longer.
Castiel struggled to sit up in the bed. “Where are we? And where’s Dean?”
“Gabe,” Sam admonished, “I’m not telling you again. Play-Doh belongs on the table, not the floor. Look, here’s your animal shapes. You can make an elephant or a dolphin. Or a butterfly? How about a butterfly?”
Cas was sitting stiffly on top of the covers, his shoes and coats off, at least, but looking very uncomfortable.
marathon. Which ones have you seen, Cas?”
“Can you, like, shield yourself so no one can see you?”
“You’re something else, you know that?”
“No. They’re a physical representation of my true form. You wouldn’t be able to see my true form; it’s all light and energy, and too much for your human eyes. When I bring my wings into the physical plane, they’re represented by what you see and feel.”
Cupping Dean’s face in his hands, Castiel gazed at him. “I lived in Heaven. Connected to the Host at all times. And I was so alone, Dean. So alone. Until I met you.”
In a surprising twist, and much to Dean’s relief, Cas didn’t head off to the playground portal on his own. He asked that they all three go. Adding to Dean’s relief—and making it easier to trust Cas—Cas also said he wasn’t leaving them at the playground while he did who knows what in Heaven.
There was a moment of stunned silence as Castiel realized what Dean was talking about. He glanced at Sam, who clearly remembered it as well. The last time—the only time—Dean had come after Sam with a hammer, he’d been a demon.
.” Castiel clenched his teeth and tried to think of what options he had left. “If you go to sleep now, I will get you a piece of pie.”
After watching him for a moment, Cas said, “I’ll make Sam’s salad.”
more interesting.” He returned his gaze to Dean. “I can. How is it
Dean sat back against the strip of wood that passed for a headboard and grabbed his beer off the single nightstand, taking a few swallows before setting it down again and closing his eyes. “It freezing in here to you?” He opened one eye to appraise Castiel before huffing out a breath and shaking his head. “Why am I even asking? You don’t feel the cold.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “First, I’m never
Gabriel leaned a little to the side to see around Dean. “No. I swear he wasn’t there a moment ago.”
“No. You’re okay. Just…keep going.”
“I don’t want to—”
“I repaired your van and provided you with documents as a gesture of goodwill,” Michael said calmly. “I want nothing from you, except perhaps your trust, so that I can help.”
Sam exhaled sharply. “I get it. I don’t have any other ideas. And I can’t honestly think straight right now. This thing with Mom…” Sam nodded a few times and visibly swallowed. “I guess I’m not really in a great place either.”
They loaded the groceries into the rear of the van, then climbed into their seats. Dean pulled down the sun visor against the noontime light and a key fell out into his lap. “Son of a bitch,” he repeated. Looking dazed, he inserted the key into the ignition and the van started. “Guess what?” he asked, shaking his head slowly.
Something about the way the barista looked at him—
“You can do a lot of things,” Castiel said, thinking it through. “And you had the benefit of the angel tablet. But no…I don’t think you could create a soul. Which must mean…I already have a soul.”
“No. But he’s not in a coma. In fact, there’s an unusual amount of brain activity.”
“Move along.” The police officer motioned Dean to pass through the traffic gate and Dean took the opportunity without hesitation.
to:                Dean <dean@winchester.com>
When Castiel awoke, Dean’s side of the bed was empty and cold. He sat up, feeling no more rested than he had the night before. His grace level remained steady, though, so it must have something to do with this therapy. And thinking about that made him feel even more tired and wishing he could curl up in Dean’s bed and stay there forever.
“I belong to a group of independent publishers,” Cas said. “That’s where I first met Charlie. Let me talk to some of the people I trust and see what they have to say. Obviously I’m not going to do anything to jeopardize your status with your publisher. Is that agreeable?”
The angel cowered under Cas’ glare, set his bottle down, and slunk off to the sandbox, where he entered the portal. Maybe thirty seconds later, he reappeared in a flash of light with Dumah.
“I have a soul.”
want to know what that was all about, he’d stalled as long as he could.
Castiel reached inside and pulled someone out, though all Dean could see was a flurry of orange and brown. Then a black-uniformed man tried to come out the door, only to be met with Castiel’s two fingers and a long nap. Cas was half-tugging, half-pushing the orange/brown person that Dean could only assume was Gabriel toward the Impala when two black-uniformed arms pointed a wicked-looking gun out of the destroyed door frame and shot. Both angels went down.
know. This is just a way for your mind to make it conscious.”
“I’m just glad it’s over. No more looking over our shoulders. At least until the next thing comes along.”
Dean frowned as he made out a familiar figure sitting up from where he’d been laying on one of the picnic tables. “Gabriel? What are you doing here?”
change, what I’d hoped
“Yes. If you want me to move somehow, tell me and I will.”
“I tried to take us back to the bunker,” Jack said. “It’s in Lebanon, right? And we were in Dayton.”
“Does the implant sense whether or not the cuffs are on?” Gabriel asked. “If I take these off, will it affect the implant?”
“Gabe? What did you see? When Jack told you to close your eyes and you recognized Michael. How did you know?”
Castiel cocked his head to the side, momentarily confused by this information. “You can see them?”
The drive from Lawrence to Leawood, a suburb of Kansas City, was just under an hour with traffic. Sam and Jess’ house was on a cul-de-sac, a blue stucco, two-story home built in the ‘90s that Dean had dubbed “The Mansion.” When Sam had argued that it was nowhere near mansion status, Dean had asked him how many square feet it had, compared to his seven-hundred-fifty in the apartment. Sam had yet to answer, but Dean already knew: it was five times as big.
“Do you want an answer or don’t you?” Gabriel said low in his ear.
“It started out that way, yes. After that… Well, I chose to stay.”
“Yeah. Me too.”
“Unknowingly,” Cas answered. “But even the things you did with full knowledge, some of which you felt you had no choice about, you see them as being unforgivable. But that’s not how I see you. I still see that brilliant soul that captivated me all those years ago.”
“Fifty-two fifty-two?”
“What happened?” Sam took a bite of his wrap, noticing with appreciation that the spinach was steamed fresh and plentiful.
“I’m glad.” Cas stood and made his way over.
“Are you...? No. No, I— We need to go talk to him. Now.”
“It’s gonna get better,” Dean said, pulling himself to his feet and helping Castiel to reposition himself so he was laying lengthwise on the bed, wings out to the sides.
“But what about Heaven?” Sam asked. “Our Heaven? How are we going to fix it?”
“Yes, Sam,” Castiel said patiently, “I have wings.”
“You don’t even know me,” Dean managed to say through his tears. “You don’t know what I’ve done.”
Still, the sounds Cas was making went straight to his groin, and Dean wondered if he could help himself out a little while Cas was dreaming. Because, God, those sounds, especially if he knew
“The internet was right about you two,” Sam said, hoping to ease his discomfort. At least they could be uncomfortable too. He sat down in the chair and tapped a tuneless rhythm on the table with his fingers.
“Can I have a hug?” Dean asked from the bed.
“That promise you made to me?” Sam asked Gabriel. “Will you extend it to Dean and Cas too?”
Dean shifted in his chair but kept the gun trained on Castiel. “I tried doing a spell. Required the usual blood offering. But either the cut healed up real quick or I couldn’t get any blood at all. And it never worked. I’ve done this spell a hundred times. It
Clicking
Castiel looked up at him, clearly annoyed. “Yes, Dean. I will
Cas collapsed next to him, kissing his shoulder and touching the cooling spunk on his stomach with an index finger. As Cas drew unidentifiable images in the wetness, he asked, “Are you okay?”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said from the doorway before closing the door behind him.
“I have no desire to repeat that, I assure you.” Castiel considered what might be the opposite of how he felt in the chair.
“In case you hadn’t noticed, Bobby, I’m not real good at just sitting around. What do I
can?”
Gabriel raised an eyebrow. “I don’t. I rarely manifest them. In the etheric plane, they’re not even solid. Not like here.”
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean asked quietly while their tablemates were talking among themselves. “I have readers. You have
“Heh… I mean, am I supposed to offer a prayer or something?”
Chuck came over and put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, fitting perfectly with the confident, supportive pressure he’d felt during that last set, when he remembered creation. “You’re my angelic success story,” Chuck said.
Guilt and anger began a brief battle before guilt won. “Yeah…uh…sorry, Cas. I know you know how to drive. Thanks for the breakfast.” He grabbed a cake donut with rainbow sprinkles.
“I see,” the stranger said. “Well, if you’re certain you need no help, I’ll head back.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah.”
“Dean!” he called out. When he heard no answer, he tried again. A small voice seemed to call back from a distance off on his right, and he headed toward it, calling Dean’s name every now and then. After what seemed like quite a few minutes, the whirling gray parted and he was faced with a door. It was unlocked, and he entered, seeing the interior of a two-story house. In the foyer stood a small child, his green eyes wide with awe.
“Kids, over here!” the mom ordered. “Honey?” she said in a softer tone as she looked at her husband, “At least teach the kids to do it without
“All right, let’s blow this popsicle stand!” Gabriel went to the rear door and opened it. “I call the whole back seat.”
“You wanna tell me what’s going on?” Dean asked, his tone sounding concerned.
But Dean looked like he had already switched. The caution and hardness that seemed to typify the hunter was absent from his face moments after he stopped cold and said, “Mom?” Instead, Dean seemed to become much more comfortable, his body moving more loosely, confident without being cocky, which was the last thing Castiel expected to see.
“Right there, Sam. Please.”
Sam lowered his hands. “Ah. Yeah, they said this might happen.”
“And you need it now. But I’m not dragging your nightstand back in if you’re gonna go back to not sleeping when you’ve recovered.”
After moments that could have been either minutes or days, he struggled to his feet, flushed the toilet, and went to the sink, washing his hands and rinsing out his mouth. He left the bathroom and checked the bedrooms in the bunker. The two he was most interested in were empty.
“Okay.” Cas looked at the screen and gave him a small smile. “Now that that’s out of the way, can we talk a little about the book? I’m excited to share this with you.”
Dean chewed his lower lip while he thought. “Sam and my accountant would know better, but…I think maybe thirty grand a year? Maybe thirty-five?”
Nodding, Sam watched as Gabriel came closer and reached out his cuffed hands, extending two fingers to brush against Sam’s temple.
Castiel sighed. “I don’t think it’s likely, Dean. I think it’s guaranteed.”
“Did someone…?”
“No…” Cas shook his head slowly as he drew the word out. “There’s too much risk with that. And your parts were all within the confines of your mind. All of these Deans are interacting with the world. I—” He closed his eyes and let out a long breath before opening them again. “That would have to be a last option. If nothing else works. Only then.”
“Wait… This is what you meant? Before? When you were dying?” Dean made a face. “That other time when you were dying?”
“How’s this for distance, Cas?” Sam asked, motioning to the space between them.
“He is indeed,” Castiel agreed. “Perhaps Sam—Sammy—will see me out. Then you can fix his dinner.”
“If you’ve got a way to get us out of this, kiddo,” Gabriel whispered urgently, “now’s the time.”
To Cas’ credit, he didn’t comment on that little faux-pas, instead rolling over to face away from Dean. “Thank you for this. I think I may actually sleep.”
“Hi Dean,” Mary answered. “Sam said you weren’t feeling too well.”
“You’re not the first one to ask me that. I am certain that you don’t die or disappear. You become part of a greater whole. From all the research Sam has done, you’re an important part of the whole Dean. You’re still needed, but you’re needed along with all the other parts, working together as one.”
Trying again, Dean couldn’t focus, too aware of the warm body next to him. “Nah. Nothing else.”
“Well, two, technically. But yes. It, uh, caused a surge in my grace. Burned out the implant before it could trigger its defense or lockdown or whatever failsafe they programmed into it. I might know how to short out all the others, too.”
“Um…” Dean had to think through his many road trips, then he snapped his fingers. “Ames, Iowa. I do on-site research for a lot of my books. This one was for
. I’m happy to say it was the latter.”
Dean snorted. “You’re kidding. You
“I understand,” Jonathan said in the empty silence that followed. I will obey, my lord. I will create a plan to let him know he cannot stay.”
“So, did you offer it, or did he ask?”
“I think she was protecting her baby, who was buried with her. But she should be gone now. I think your kids are safe to be in their room again.” He winced as Barb began coating his wounds with antibiotic cream.
“We’d think that today, but people lived differently back then. Neighbors helped each other. Women were very social. That’s how the boarder—Gwendolyn—came to live with her.”
lowdown. Why did you bring me out here?”
“This will be sufficient. The cold doesn’t bother me.”
Dean shook his head. “No. No one here ‘cept me and my mom and dad. And the baby in my mom’s belly. But we can’t see the baby yet.”
“No way,” Dean breathed out. “So you’re like a
“Yeah. Of course.” Dean dried his hands and sat down at the table.
“Gabriel, I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume you’re alive. What help can I possibly offer you? My grace is limited and I’m far from full-power.”
For the first time, something occurred to Dean. “Was it…consensual?”
“Yeah. I got the back of your wings. Time to do the front.”
On the twenty-minute drive back to the motel, Dean tried to figure out how he was going to have this talk with Cas. Gabriel was right about one thing: no one knew how much time they had. And Dean was for damn sure not going to push Cas away in whatever time they had left.
“I thought you said my soul wasn’t gone.”
“Cas!” Dean’s voice sounded relieved.
“Hey, yourself, Charlie.”
“Huh.” Dean nodded. “Good to know.”
Cas seemed confused. “You’re not…angry?”
“No, man. That’s kind of twisted.”
“At least tell me you’ll kiss and make up. I know make-up sex might be out of the question for now—”
Castiel nodded. “We’re not in the physical realm. I could explain the physics of it…”
“I already tried with the brass mesh.” Castiel held up the scorched metal. “I think perhaps it might need to be something that would interfere with the flow of grace.”
Castiel sighed. “In a way.”
” the barista asked in a gravelly voice, one tanned hand poised to write down Dean’s order.
“I’ll help look when we get back,” Jack offered. “I’m not going to eat. You go ahead.”
“Set?” Sam provided.
“I’ll at least come with you.”
Dean took another sip of his whiskey, trying to clear his head. Maybe he should switch to coffee. “Urban fantasy.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel grumbled, stalking past him toward the car. “Gabriel is not.”
“That would be something to ask him,” Castiel answered. “Carefully.”
“A thought-what?” Dean asked.
After a long silence, he knocked again. “Dean!”
With one last kiss, Castiel went to the door. “I’ll return as soon as I can.”
“I know, right?” Sam said with an awkward laugh. “Can hardly believe it myself.”
“And…uh…I do. For the record. Think of you…you know…as more.”
“Fuck you, Gabe,” Dean’s voice came from the doorway. “I’ve got the bags, Cas. I’ll be in the car.”
Yitzhak fell silent as his father ordered. He glanced behind him, back down the path, then at his father, but the fear on his face spoke volumes. Running to alleged safety was more frightening than staying with his father.
“Oh. Well… Sleep well, Sam.”
“What can I say? I gave it all away.”
Dean cracked a smile. “Just as well.” He stared hungrily at Castiel, his eyes taking in everything from what Castiel assumed was even messier hair than usual to the feet that Castiel sometimes questioned were even a part of his vessel. He moved even closer. “Touch me, Cas.”
Castiel felt guilt gnaw at him. Here, they were about to be blessed with a feast simply for being strangers in this city, by a man who clearly had enough, and yet these hungry people, many of whom were women and children, would see no feast tonight.
“Good. That’s…good.”
“Do not do this wicked thing,” Lot was pleading with the crowd.
Izzy shook her head. “Infant mortality wasn’t great. Lots of babies died in childbirth.”
had happened.
Castiel followed, amused by the child’s enthusiasm. Once up the stairs, a hallway stretched in both directions, yet was filled with the same whirling gray he saw outside the house. Dean tugged him to the left.
Nodding, Cas remained silent.
“Well, what did he say? Anything about Jack?”
“Probably pretty rank, huh?”
“Sam said as much,” Dean confirmed, then snapped his mouth shut at Cas’ glare.
“Looks like we’re gonna need some chairs without arms,” Dean observed. “We can make a supply run tomorrow. Gonna need more groceries too.”
“Isn’t that what I said?”
“I know, Cas.” Dean put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, feeling the tension fade under his touch. “Let’s finish up here and head back to the room. See if Gabe has any more info on when they’re going to transfer him.”
Leaning back in his chair, Dean tipped the mouth of the bottle toward him. “Well, I’ll tell you what. I got something in my room that’ll play it. You come listen to it with me, ask any questions you want about the music, the lyrics, whatever, but give me your
When Castiel rejoined Dean’s mind, it was in the middle of his office rather than the murky gray outside of the house. He quickly checked the filing cabinet to verify that there were still eight files and then quickly made his way back to the room he’d last been in, realizing that he was dressed again and wondering what he’d find in Dean’s room.
land, but we didn’t know you’d survived yet,” Dean added.
“You noticed that too?” Gabriel grinned and strolled back to the sink, singing
“No,” Hunter Dean said, shaking his head. “You had me until ‘boyfriend.’
“According to Castiel, Dean called it a problem.”
your books, CJ. Can I call you CJ? I can’t believe I’m sitting
“Thank you. Okay, so numerous miraculous healings in Waterville. Would that be enough to get Tristan and Ross to investigate?”
“I did look up a Castiel James Adler. Found the article you said he told you about. It’s exactly as he said. Younger sister Anna Julie Adler died of a drug overdose at the age of 16. He had some harsh things to say about adults choosing career over family. He didn’t pull any punches. It was unearthed and shared on social media when Senator Adler became the majority leader as a rebuttal to his claim that his party stood for family values. It’s pretty damaging, especially in a presidential campaign. If anyone ever found corroborating evidence, or if Cas gave another interview, it’d be problematic for Adler.”
When the motel room door slammed shut, Dean heard it as the final nail in his coffin. Cas had locked himself away. Everyone else had left. Even Michael didn’t want him. In this bunkerless world, what was the point of anything?
“I dunno.” Dean lowered the phone and called over to Cas. “Sam wants to meet you. What do you think?”
“Then…”
“You think that will be enough?” Dean drained his bottle and eyed the fridge.
Sam watched them leave, then heard Gabriel come up behind him.
