Dean frowned, “Fine, but only if you come with me to the shop here in a little bit. The bosslady called and asked me to swing by and take a look at something—that kid she hired has no idea what he’s doing. He’s totally clueless.”
That had been about six months ago, and while he still wasn’t sure how he had managed to convince Castiel Novak that he should hire him on that first day, he had never been more grateful.
Castiel couldn’t help feeling a little offended at Dean’s question. He had caught his reflection in the window of the drugstore, and he hadn’t thought he looked that bad. His lip was split, his jaw would bruise, and his knuckles were sore, but he’d been in much worse scrapes with much tougher guys and come out on top, so he felt that maybe Dean was exaggerating his condition just a bit.
“Were you ever even serious about leaving? Or was it just something you said? Something I was supposed to read between the lines to understand was one of your jokes?”
“Shit,” he said, and took a step back, half breathless, the towels still in hand. It felt like being sucker-punched. Like being tackled without knowing you were in the middle of a football game or being hit by a goddamned train.
The first year or so had been bad. He’d missed him so much, and he’d been guilty about not getting to say goodbye to Sam or his friends. He had felt lonely for the first time in a very long time, because for the first time in his life he’d been totally alone and unsupported. He had no family, no Garrison, no job, and no Winchesters. It was why he had written to Anna, and why he had written so many letters to Dean that he had thought he’d never send. He’d half talked himself into going back for him or contacting him, a dozen times, and each time he’d remember his promise to Kit, and then realize that Dean’s best chance at a happy life didn’t involve him. As in love as they might have been (and some nights he even managed to convince himself that they hadn’t been in love at all, but had come together out of curiosity or convenience, which almost made the missing bearable), being together didn’t change the way of the world or even the expectations placed on them by the people in their lives. If Dean could forget about him, or at least think of him as a whirlwind thing that maybe he didn’t regret, then he still had a chance. He could take care of his family in whatever capacity he wanted, and he could find a nice girl and settle down to start one of his own. He’d make a good father. Stern and doting in equal measure. Castiel would never have that, at least not in any meaningful way—going through the motions seemed unfair to any girl he would have considered—but he was all right with staying away from him if it meant Dean could make it work.
After he had peeled off his work shirt and made dinner for himself (which consisted of baked beans and leftover cornbread that had stretched the limits of his ability when he made it), he sat in the window, and debated about going next door to borrow the phone and call Anna. At lunch, he had half-convinced himself that he could tell her about his feelings toward Dean, and why exactly it was that he wanted to keep them separate. Maybe he’s even work up enough nerve to tell her about his feelings toward one day leaving The Garrison. On the other hand, a simple apology on his part would probably be enough to soften her, despite the fact that he had meant what he said. He was tired of her avoidance.
Sam had grinned, and Castiel staunchly avoided the thought that Sam’s smile could be very like his brother’s at certain times, as he gave him the address.
“What’s it like, then?” Castiel dutifully rinsed and dried the dish he was given before stacking it in the dish drain.
Jack’s brows lifted as he looked from Dean to Castiel, while he shook Castiel’s hand. It was a little unnerving.
Jack said he was happy to help, and that he’d like to go riding with him once they finished the work, as he returned his hug with enthusiasm.
Sam sighed heavily and shook his head, "Yeah, all right. Sure, Cas. C'mon." He sounded a bit defeated, but if it meant he dropped the idea of him meeting Dean again after so many years, Castiel wasn't going to say anything more.
Castiel scowled, “Don’t be ridiculous. He looks like he’s half my age. I’m just making an observation”
“You know, the others think you’re running moonshine or something. Don’t know how, seeing as you still don’t even have your bike back, and you’re gone in the middle of  the day most of the time, but no one ever said they were Harvard bound.” Anna was plucking at blades of grass while they both sat with their backs against the wheel well of her car. She had convinced him to skip out of work with her—play hooky like when they had still been in school—and they had packed lunches and driven out to the state-funded park. It was usually crawling with families in the summers, but it was still early in the season, and a weekday, so there weren’t too many people there.
He turned this time, more than a little confused. He had no idea who out here would know him by name, but there hadn’t been any mistaking it that time.
“I’m talking about showing them we won’t just roll over for anyone,” Josiah, shot back. “Look at what they did to Castiel’s bike! Because they felt like they could- because they were sore that you out-drove them- we need to stop this now while it’s still early!”
When he noticed Castiel, Dean smiled at him from over his shoulder, “Five minutes, okay? Can you pour the coffee and take it over there?”
Whoo. That was a chapter. Took me ages. Sorry it's a bit late, down to the wire, but I still made it before November technically ended, so yay! I work well under pressure (not really)??? :'D Anyway, hope it was worth the wait!
“Hey, Cas,” he said a little breathlessly as he jogged up to him. His eyes were bright, and his floppy fringe gave him the impression of a slightly over-sized puppy.
“This!” Dean stretched his arms out to indicate the room. When Castiel’s brows drew together, confusion evident on his face, Dean wiped his own eyes furiously and tried again. “This,” he repeated more calmly. “All of it. My little brother. I couldn’t leave him. I thought I could. I thought I wouldn’t care, but I did. I do. I hate this place, and I’m helping him rebuild it, because I love him, because he’s my kid brother, and I care too damn much. And because when I made the decision to be here for him, I knew I had to follow through. That I wouldn’t get what I wanted. So, I couldn’t-” he took a deep breath and tried to collect himself, “I couldn’t go with you. And I knew that the second I let myself think of you, or hear your voice, I wouldn’t have been able to do what I was supposed to.”
Castiel kept a respectable distance between them as they went inside. After the morning they’d had, he didn’t trust himself not to try to take Dean’s hand if they walked too close. As accustomed as he had grown to keeping his feelings hidden when they were in public, sometimes it was almost too much for him to stand.
Dean bobbed his head and drummed his fingers against the steering wheel before he turned onto the road that would eventually lead them to the garage, rather than taking the one that led straight through town. He pulled up alongside the building and parked. “Sam, go in, do your homework,” Dean’s voice was gruff, like he was doing his best impression of a stern father, but didn’t quite hit the mark. It made Sam’s scowl deepen, and Castiel jumped out of the truck to let him out before his mood had a chance to worsen. Sam disappeared inside- apparently with a key of his own- and Castiel was left to stare at Dean from across the cab of the truck.
“Don’t make me come out and drag you in,” Dean’s voice was in his ear, a teasing lilt to it, his hand on his shoulder, and for exactly two seconds, Castiel’s world had focused down to those two points, and the way the sun caught the vivid green of his eyes as he leaned in to talk to him. And then he was gone, sprinting for the water, where he jumped in and immediately splashed after Sam.
That wasn’t to say they were friendly. Friends spoke to one another on a regular basis. They went out for burgers or had a smoke together. The only time Dean ever spoke to anyone in The Garrison was to ask what needed fixing this time or to tell them how much it was going to cost. Friends had your back in a race or a street brawl. You had to talk to be friends, and when it came to Dean Winchester, all Castiel had ever been able to do was want.
“Wait, wait,” Dean said, laughing as he grabbed his arm. “C’mon. I’m just teasing.” He leaned in and tweaked Castiel’s nose playfully, “You know, like The Flamingos song, ‘I only have eyes for you,’” he crooned the lyric into Castiel’s ear, probably as close as he dared getting to a kiss while they were standing in the middle of the shop. He straightened up, “Now, let’s go, I want to show you something. Close your eyes.”
“Hey, who was that that dropped you off,” Gabriel asked, his tone a bit more sober than it had been when he had arrived. “I know  you don’t have your bike right now, but if you needed a ride, we could have come and got you.”
And then breathing was a thing that they had to do, and it ended. Or maybe he got enough oxygen to his brain to remember why this was such a bad idea. Every nerve in his body was throwing sparks. A few moments more and he would have had absolutely no chance of hiding just how much he had wanted to kiss Dean since the day he laid eyes on him. Dean kissed the corner of his mouth, and probably would have continued kissing him if he hadn’t moved the hand that had been on Dean’s waist between their bodies.
Dean broke eye contact first—it seemed like that was usually the case—his eyes flickering down so that the sun caught the gold in his lashes and the freckles on his nose. “You always try and fall to your death doing the laundry?” he asked.
The phone rang then, a dull clanging that came from the little office where Castiel had first come into contact with Sam. Dean lifted his head and immediately disappeared into the other room, leaving Castiel alone in his surroundings.
“It’s all right. I, more or less, left you and Sam to do the same after…well, when you came over the first time.”
Dean was staring at him like he had never seen him before, and when he reached out to put his hands on his knees, Castiel couldn’t help but flinch.
Sam ducked out of Dean’s reach, patted his hair back into place and headed back up the road again, “See you ‘round, Cas.”
Castiel fought back a shy smile and Sam just shook his head in exasperation as he headed for the door. “Just wash your dishes.”
Now, that was an idea. They would be better off if they had a guy who was loyal to the gang and also happened to be good with cars. There would be no stopping them. The only guys that could even consider rivaling them in number or territory were Lucky’s guys- The Black Devils- and most of them were easy enough to strong-arm when it came right down to it. He was on the verge of voicing that suggestion to Anna when a handful of Devils finally made their appearance.
“I went over to take photographs. I wasn’t technically enlisted, but sometimes it felt like I might as well have been. I wasn’t supposed to fight unless I needed to defend myself. I was assigned to various soldiers, but that has a way of making you feel useless, even when you’re doing your own job.”
Castiel dried his hands and took Dean by his hips. He studied his face for a moment, the freckles he’d missed seeing that morning, his eyelashes, and finally his ridiculously perfect mouth, “You’re beautiful, you know that?” It was difficult to keep the reverence from his voice, because he had never been able to look at Dean Winchester and think he was anything less than exquisite. Even when he was irritated with him, half the time, he found himself caught up thinking about how much he loved him. It was pathetic, actually, and he had expected himself to have grown out of it some by now, but it was like a switch that flipped any time he was within ten feet of him.
Castiel frowned at him, not quite sure whether or not he believed him, but willing to take it at face value for now. He could still hardly believe he was going to be able to ride again soon. The bike he’d had before, a 1937 Indian Junior Scout, looked like a trike next to the one Dean had found for him, but he missed it all the same. It had been one of the first purchases he’d made for himself once he’d been old enough, and it had made him feel freer than anything or anyone else had before he’d met Dean. It was why he’d painted a set of wings down the middle of it, and why, by some incredible twist of fate, he had ended up in the arms of Dean Winchester.
“You okay?” he asked as he sat down next to him on the bed. He pulled his hat from his head and held it between his hands. “Sorry we scared you. We just didn’t think about the fact that… I guess we were just excited to have you around again. We should have thought it through a little more.”
Dean flushed as Castiel made eye contact with him and worked his tongue along his pointer finger. It was also lucky that Castiel knew for a fact that Dean couldn’t think at all when it came to the mere suggestion of anything filthy if he wasn’t the one to suggest it. It was a weakness Castiel seldom exploited—it didn’t often occur to him to do so—but it never failed to amuse him when he did. Dean looked like he was going to melt.
He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a night out like this. Probably not since his sister had moved away. They’d spent so much of their time together before, that he’d almost taken it as a personal slight when she’d picked up and left without bothering to think about taking him with her.
“Hm?” Castiel had been lost in his own head, contemplating what the hell he would do once their bliss wore off, and they were forced to face reality outside of this motel room again.
“That’s enough, Josiah,” his voice came out even rougher than usual, and he had to clear his throat before he continued. “Anna’s right. Starting a war over something so… trivial,” it hurt to say that too, because to him it wasn’t trivial, but in the grand scheme it was, “… makes no sense. There has been relative peace lately, and as long as we’re beating them in street races, and they aren’t crossing any real lines, there’s no point in doing anything drastic.”
“I never stopped thinking about you,” Castiel said. “I came back here thinking I needed to… ‘face my demons,’ as they say. That I needed to look at the places I had been and where I’d come from in order to deal with the discontent I’ve felt for so long. I had no idea your family still owned this place, or if they did, that you would be here. I was surprised to find it still here. I thought…” he sighed and looked skyward for a moment, “I imagined you’d have left a long time ago. Followed your dreams. You had so many of them.”
He took it by the handlebars and popped the kickstand up before starting the trek toward the shop. The wheel was so bent, it didn’t matter that he cut across the field rather than take it the long way to the mouth of the reservoir and up the street. It was a long distance either way whenever you were pushing a four-hundred-pound bike with a bad wheel.
Castiel frowned, “I don’t believe that, Dean.” He didn’t know why Dean was always so reluctant to talk about himself, but he didn’t want to get all of his information about him through Sam. And besides that, it felt like something they should talk about. Even if things weren’t going to go any further than they had last night, he wanted Dean to know that he could confide in him if he wanted. He wasn’t sure, but he thought that it might have made a difference for him if he had even been able to talk to Anna about his own feelings sometimes.
Dean shrugged, “If you’re insistent though, I guess we can swing by and I can show you what I’ve done with your bike so far. It’s not much, I still don’t have all the parts, but if you’re interested-”
Dean laughed and shifted closer to him, “I don’t plan on joining any gangs now or ever. I’ve worked too hard to get the garage running to get mixed up in anything like that. No offense.”
Anna looked a little like she had been slapped, but Gabriel took it in stride. “Sure, but who was it you were with? You on the hook or somethin’? I mean, if it’s a girl, no one is gonna complain if you bring her around, even if it’s not serious. C’mon, spill. What’s the tale, nightingale?”
Dean sighed and tucked the money back in his shirt pocket. “Will you at least let me take you home this time? I’m not going back to the garage tonight.”
“I can walk,” Castiel told him, his heart rate kicking up more the longer Dean stood there. Castiel wasn’t looking directly at him, but he could see him just out of the corner of his eye. Dean had the rag he’d used on his lip between his hands, and Castiel couldn’t help but feel jealous of the thing. He’d done it to himself though, pulled away before he lost control of things, so he couldn’t even complain.
“Can I, uh, help you with something?” Dean asked as he sat up and rested his grease-streaked arms over his knees.
“Why’d you come here for that? There’s a guy that specializes in bikes on the other side of town,” Sam said, his eraser between his teeth.
“I’m fine.” He reached for his timecard and got in line to punch in. He lowered his voice, “Any word on the cause?”
His mother had always told him that feathers were lucky. And when things had gotten hard, and he’d had nowhere to turn, he always looked for feathers. When he found them, sometimes it meant he lucked into a nice meal, or simply found shelter just as it started to rain. Whatever it was, and whether or not it really meant anything, when Dean found a feather, he took it at face-value, and looked for the good things in life where he could find them.
He could do this. The whole point of coming was to rid himself of these kinds reactions by spending time learning Dean’s flaws. Maybe he was physically perfect, but people tended to be less appealing the more he knew about them, so hopefully that would be the case with Dean as well. He’d move on and laugh at himself when he thought about all the time he spent wanting a guy that… he didn’t know… killed kittens in his spare time or something. That would definitely be a deal-breaker. Cats were a gift.
“C’mon, Bobby, leave him alone,” Dean ran his hand over the back of his neck. “He’s not a delinquent. He’s the guy I’m doing the work for. You know, the whole reason I came out here in the first place?”
Hot. If Castiel could describe his performances in one word, that would be it. The lights, the crowds, the makeup, the leather and skin-tight, cotton-spandex of his outfits, it’s all just so hot. In the literal sense. He never says this in interviews, but it’s truer than anything he usually does say.
Besides the sketches he had done of Sam at lunch that day, there were some older ones in there as well. Most of them were of guys from The Garrison, there were quite a few of Anna, and handful of quick random studies he had done of various things from hands to stray dogs.
By the time he had the coffee poured and on the table, Dean had turned the gas off on the oven and was shifting food from the skillet to their plates. He carried it over and motioned for Castiel to sit down before he settled the plates in front of each of the cushions.
He’d go back for his bike in a few days, and, at the least, until they sorted out whatever it was that was brewing, he’d stay away from them for the most part. Dean wouldn’t want to risk Sam’s safety anyway, and if they were seen together by the wrong people, it was definitely a possibility. They’d have to understand. He wasn’t in a position to choose between them and his other friends. Loyalty was everything to Anna and the others, and the reality was that he had only started to get to know the Winchesters in the last several weeks. As much as he had grown to care for them, he couldn’t, in good conscience, choose them over the others. Particularly not in the face of potential unrest.
Dean led him to the same corner of the shop he had shown him before, and once again removed the tarp he had draped over his bike once he had set the tire down nearby. “The actual frame wasn’t really too bad off, the wheel took most of the damage, so this, at least, is an easy fix. The body work might take me a little while, but she’ll look good as new once I finish. Were those wings a custom job? I can try and get in touch with whoever did them and get them to give you a good rate on a repaint.” Dean grabbed a wrench and started in on his task.
“I’m not either,” Dean whispered back. “I don’t need you to be.” His eyes were intense, deep green even in the shadows of the room.
Dean slid out from under the car, a grin breaking over his features, “If it isn’t ol’ Blue Eyes himself,” he teased. “Come to sing me a ballad? I like
“Well?” Dean asked. Sam seemed to be waiting on his response too, his fork poised over his own plate.
Dean's brows were pulled together, and he was so quiet that Castiel almost wasn't certain he had heard him.
as if he was meant to be a king. Though, he thought perhaps there was a chance it was simply because he was still only a boy, and that one day, when he awoke as a man, years along, he would feel the pull of kingship in his gut. Perhaps then he would know what to do to make it so. It was only this thought that allowed him to carry on with his studies and to sleep nights without being crushed by the weight of his mother’s expectations.
Dean sighed heavily and rolled his eyes before he spun Castiel around by his shoulders and pulled him into a kiss. It was probably slightly more passionate than it really needed to be to make his point, but if he was going to do this, he figured he might as well go all the way.
Dean’s fingers moved soothingly against his scalp, and Castiel felt him kiss the top of his head, “Let’s get dressed. I should get back.”
Dean had to bite his tongue to keep himself from making any rude remarks, and took a moment to collect himself as he stuffed his key back in his pocket, before he plastered a fake smile on his face and finally looked up into drown-you-blue eyes.
“Perfect! You’re outnumbered, Dean. We’re going swimming.” Sam’s tone left no room for argument, and though Dean huffed and frowned, and generally made a show out of not getting his way, they eventually pulled off of the main road, and into the grass.
Castiel looks amused, smiles, “You wanted to see ‘what’s what?’” He strips out of what’s left of his clothes, folds them, then sets them aside before he continues to wash himself, seemingly unconcerned by his own nudity.
Castiel tugged a little at the collar of his shirt—a deep v-neck with a Cuban collar that he wore over a dark undershirt, tucked into his trousers—and then forced himself to climb into the truck. He should have smoked more. He let out a slow exhale as Sam climbed in next to him and shut the door. Dean pulled away, and Castiel focused on the road in front of them. He could feel his thigh pressed against Dean’s, and he refused to acknowledge to himself that it was there. That he could feel Dean’s thigh pressed all the way down the length of his. Dean had set Sam’s baseball on the dash, and Castiel grabbed it before it rolled away, primarily to give his anxious hands something to do. He shifted to try and put some space between them, but there wasn’t much room in the cab, and even though Sam was leaned against the door with his head nearly out of the window, there wasn’t far for Castiel to go.
“I know. Sammy’s had school, and I’ve got the shop…” Dean sounded genuinely sorry, not like he was just making excuses.
They piled into the cars, and headed for the city, where things were generally open later, and a party could almost always be found if you knew where to look.
Castiel still avoided everyone at lunch, but he met up with all of them again after work. He had just needed some time to think things through. He had decided he would need to apologize to Anna at some point, not only for how things had gone the night before, but for the fact that he hadn’t been paying attention to the affairs of the Garrison like he should have in the first place. Whether he wanted to eventually part ways or not, he was still a part of the group, and in that respect, Anna had been right. He did have certain responsibilities when it came to them. Sam and, particularly Dean, had distracted him from it, and despite the fact that he very much enjoyed spending time with them, he needed to re-prioritize. He hadn’t been lying when he told Dean he was the best distraction. When he was with the Winchesters, it was easy to forget that he was part of the Garrison at all.
They would need to talk. He knew that. If they didn’t, it would be too easy to go on pretending that nothing had changed or happened between them. Dean seemed open to the idea of… whatever this had the potential of being, but not wanting to be left alone after the fact, and talking about feelings were two different things. Even Sam had said that Dean didn’t like to admit that he had them. And Castiel had seen him clam up almost as often as he rambled. Once the afterglow wore off, maybe after breakfast, there was no telling whether or not Dean would actually want to...hell, he didn’t know. It wasn’t like they could go around telling everyone they were going steady or anything, and he still had the Garrison to think about. Whatever it was between them, he wasn’t sure it would make a bit of difference when it came right down to the way they lived their lives. At the end of the day, Dean was unattainable for him, and it wasn’t just because he had to visit the Carnation Club whenever he got to feeling a little lonely.
Castiel climbed onto the bed next to him. He had hoped they could have avoided discussions about the people they had been with while they were apart for a while longer, but it looked like he had accelerated that particular discussion by a few days, at least.
Dean’s smile brightened. “Yeah. Just a blown fuse, nothing too serious. I had some spares, so it was actually a pretty quick job. I just tidied up, looked at the books, and called Sammy before I closed up again.”
Overall, this was a difficult chapter for me to write, and I re-wrote it a few times before I got it to the point it's at. I considered a big confrontation between the groups, and then realized I really wanted to focus on the depth of the feelings between Dean and Cas, and how conflicted Castiel feels about the strength of those feelings in relation to the way he's lived his life until this point. I also wanted to emphasize the fact that even though they might be in love with one another, Dean and Castiel have their own issues communicating those feelings in a straightforward manner to each other because emotions are scary. I thought I massive physical show-down would detract from that (and would result in casualties that would distract from the main purpose of the story, which is the emotional depth between Dean and Cas), so I went the route that I did. I hope you found it worth the wait.
But he wants to tell Sam. Telling someone about it might make it feel less like a walking dream. Sam’s been poking around about feelings and asking him what’s been going on with him for weeks, and Dean has had to fight himself tooth and nail not to just tell him everything. He’s never liked lying to him, but he’s never felt so awful about it before either.
There were few people near the pool tables, and Castiel decided immediately that that was where they were going to be for the evening. Dean went to get their drinks, and Castiel grabbed a couple of pool cues for them. He didn’t think that he could deal with sitting close to Dean all night with nothing but beer and words between them, but if he had something to keep his hands and mind occupied, that might be all right.
I hope you enjoyed Dean and Cas' reunion! Next chapter will hopefully wrap everything up, and, will, honestly probably be kinda late because of holiday stuff, but I'll do my best to finish by the end of the month.
She smiled nervously and said something else to Dean in their native language before urging him to his feet. “He will go,” she said as she bent her neck in deference. “He will play.” He wasn’t sure if she had been made nervous by his place in the household or by his eyes, but he didn’t see any point in thinking too much about it now. He didn’t like to think of it, but she belonged to his family’s house now, and it would have been natural for her to be nervous of saying the wrong thing to him. Still, he had come to accomplish an objective, and it seemed as though things were moving in his favor, whatever the reason.
Dean’s hand was literally on the door when he heard Castiel’s voice from across the room, and he nearly leapt out of his own skin at the sound of it. He cleared his throat and straightened up so he looked less like he’d been caught stealing cookies from the cookie jar before he turned around to face him. He was a grown man. He had just been caught off guard. He could handle this.
Generally, he avoided the shop. It wasn’t like it had been before, where Dean had owned his own garage in a small town, and he could show up whenever and makeout with him in the office if there were no customers and Sam wasn’t around. This place was bigger, eight bays to the two at Dean’s old garage, and Dean worked for someone else. He said that his boss—Billie, Castiel was pretty sure was her name—was good people, but since Castiel had only met her once, and had been introduced as a “friend from back home,” he wasn’t sure. She hadn’t seemed to like him, particularly, but then she didn’t really seem to like anyone. He couldn’t really blame her. He’d never been much of a people person himself, and he doubted it was easy for her to own an auto shop as a black woman, even in a place like California. Despite his apprehension about her feelings toward him and his relationship to Dean, he couldn’t help feeling impressed by her.
When it looked like they were about to wrap things up, Castiel thanked Bobby for finding the part, and then excused himself to go smoke before they got back on the road. Bobby waved him off, and Castiel heard him send Sam out after him as he exited through the screen door and onto the porch. Apparently, he wanted a word alone with Dean.
Castiel’s eyes widened, and for a moment Dean thought he had made a dire mistake. The last thing he wanted was to lose his job for coming onto his boss, and, really, when he’d said it, he hadn’t really been thinking about the fact that that was exactly what he was doing. So, he did what any logical person would do and attempted to wildly back-pedal.
“I was so in love with you,” Dean whispered. Castiel could hear the way the words caught in his chest as he said them. “Whenever I was with you, it was so… I don’t think I’ve ever felt like that about anyone before. Or...” he pulled his hands through his hair, covered his face with them, “...or since. Just you.”
Jack smiled and inclined his head. “Of course.” He made a little flourish and stepped over and carefully pulled the tarp back.
Dean nodded, but didn't say anything, just took a few deep breaths. Castiel wasn't convinced, and he took Dean's face between his hands again so he could look into his eyes. They were shining, wet, and full of nameless emotions that Castiel wished he could absorb just by looking into them. "We can stop," he whispered. "Just tell me, and we'll stop."
Nevertheless, he looked unimpressed, one brow lifted in either mild curiosity or skepticism. As Dean still refused to speak, Castiel had no real way of determining which it was.
Inias picked him up for work, with Gabriel already in tow, and Castiel came out carrying his lunch, and a small leather portfolio that carried his charcoals and sketch paper. Whether or not he would get any actual sketching done was up for debate- it wasn’t often he showed his work off- but he felt it was more plausible to use it as an excuse if it looked like he had the plan to do it all along.
An hour and a half after he left the Winchester garage, Castiel found his way to the diner. Anna and the rest were difficult to miss, all wearing their jackets and taking up a significant corner of the place- it was okay though, Anna used to date the manager (very poor decision on her part, Castiel had always felt), but their break-up had been amicable, and he never gave them any trouble when they hung out there. He was greeted with a few tame cheers as he approached, and Anna threw an arm around his shoulders when he sat down next to her.
“You won’t change. Are you going to let me clean you up?” Castiel desperately wanted to smoke; seeing Sam look so helpless and Dean so banged up had him bent entirely out of shape. “If that blood dries too much, you’re going to have a bad time scrubbing it off.”
Sam’s eyes widened and he looked at Dean, like he might be ready to strangle him, “What?” He looked back to Castiel, “I’m sorry, I don’t know what exactly Dean told you, but we’re not exactly hiring right now.”
“Sam, why don’t you go get some rest? I’ll take care of these. And Dean. Don’t worry. The bed’s already made.”
Sam looked a little puzzled, but smiled, “Don’t feel bad, Cas. I finally had a chance to finish reading.”
“Cas has been, uh, helping me and my brother out this week, so we were just returning the favor. You just missed dinner,” Dean flashed a quick smile when Anna finally shook his hand and then Sam’s. “We’ve met a few times at the garage before.” Dean seemed to be trying to ease the very palpable tension in the room, but it wasn’t working. Anna was still scowling, though with a slightly puzzled tilt to her brows.
The shock of it nearly bowled him over, and the joy he felt at the fact that Dean had chosen to speak to him of his own accord was greater than anything he had words for. He scrambled from the stool he had been standing on and embraced him. Dean had gone a bit stiff at this, but he eventually softened and brought his arms around Castiel’s middle, and said nothing else. They had become physical enough with one another—primarily out of necessity since that was the easiest way for them to communicate, but also out of some genuine fondness they had fostered for one another—that Castiel understood that his reticence was not an indication of his regret at having spoken, or even a desire to pull away from him, but shock at the reaction hearing him speak had elicited from Castiel. It was doubtful that Dean knew how often Castiel had wondered what he might sound like or whether or not Dean would ever be able to whisper jokes in his ear when they ate meals together. He hadn’t known how much he’d longed for it until he’d heard his voice. He wasn’t sure of course, but Dean seemed like he might be a boy who was good at relating jokes he’d heard. Castiel was terribly eager to hear anything at all that he might have to say.
“Those are the kinds of benefits he means. Cas, Sam. Sam, Cas,” he gestured to each of them. “I dated Cas when we were in high school, and I didn’t ever bring him around because you know how Dad was.” Dean could feel his nerves starting to catch up with him as he explained himself, and only calmed when he felt Castiel take his hand again.
Castiel felt himself flush as Dean’s eyes locked on his. There was a strange intimacy in sharing a name with a potential lover’s past lover. It unnerved him. “W-who else?” He thought to ask whether Dean had ever called her ‘Cass,’ but he didn’t think he actually wanted that answer.
Dean pulled away just enough to look up at him, and Castiel kissed his forehead. He slid out of Dean’s lap, the tone between them having shifted to a different sort of intimacy than he had intended, but one he intended to preserve all the same. He scooted back so that his back was against the wall of the truck bed, and then pulled Dean back into his arms.
When he pulled away, Dean was almost too shocked to do anything but grin stupidly, before he leaned in for another kiss in order to chase the electric buzz that had skittered over his skin when Cas’ lips met his.
Sam flushed, and Castiel couldn’t tell if it was from anger or embarrassment, “Stop treating me like a kid, Dean. Nothing happened to me. I just wanted to walk to the shop on my own. I only get picked on because you insist on treating me like a little kid all the time! No one-”
Castiel couldn’t help but soften a little. “I was thinking about how a good boyfriend  would let me smoke on my birthday.”
Castiel ran his tongue along the split in his lip and tasted the blood there, “It's fine,” he said in a rush. “I need a smoke.” He didn't bother to wait for a response, just made a beeline for the exit, a Lucky Strike lit between his lips before he even made it all the way outside. This was bad. Very fucking bad. Because he had been perfectly fine just imagining what those hands might feel like against his skin before, and now he actually knew. No way he was going to be able to just forget something like that. How firmly he had held his chin, how he could feel the calluses on his hands, the wear on them from years spent clanging around under the hood of one car or another. How big, fucking square hands like that could manage to be so gentle with him, while at the same time clearly unwilling to tolerate nonsense.
“Hey,” Dean shifted and pulled Castiel into a hug, “It was only once for me too. I hated myself for it after. I just thought it was funny that we both missed each other so much we ended up sleeping with each other’s exes.”
“You won’t break me,” Dean said as he took Castiel’s hand in his and interlaced their fingers. “If you touch me, I’m not going to disappear or shatter. If you want me, make me believe it.”
“The ringmaster,” he says. He sighs, “My name is Castiel. Come, I need to change.” He strides off across the camp, and doesn’t bother waiting for Dean to argue.
“Deal’s a deal,” Dean told him, and reached over to the nightstand to grab the roll of hard candy there. “You smoked through that last pack already. And you said you’d quit again once you finished it. I told you to make it last.” He was half grinning, and once he freed one of the candies from the wrapper he held it between his fingers for Castiel to take. It was supposed to be his smoking alternative, and the means Castiel had used to quit the first time he’d tried, six years prior. Dean said he liked the way they made him taste, which helped, but only a little. Castiel liked to smoke; it just made everything else seem easier. Dean was just lucky he liked him more.
Dean pulled away from him and kissed his forehead, “What are you saying? I’m not going anywhere, you dumbass. I just want you to talk to me. I want to be there for you.” He pressed their foreheads together briefly before he disentangled their bodies, “Take that sweaty shirt off. I’ll be right back,” he told him.
“Really?” He turned back to Dean, genuinely excited by the prospect, and was a little disappointed to find that Dean didn’t seem as thrilled as he was.
Castiel nearly broke his neck with how quickly he turned to look at Dean at that question. He must have looked confused or something because Dean quickly followed up.
The longer Dean kissed him, the more he let himself go. He had given restraint his best shot, and now every cell in his body was straining toward Dean Winchester and every inch of his perfection. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, still short on the sides like he remembered, and just as soft. Castiel pulled him closer, and Dean rose enough to settle himself in Castiel’s lap, his thighs on  either side of his hips. It had been so long since he’d kissed anyone like this, and longer still since he’d done it and not wished it was someone else.
“I didn’t do this,” he said automatically, though he wouldn’t say who had. He didn’t want Dean to think he was the kind of guy careless enough to wreck his own bike. “Can you fix it?” He needed a smoke. His bike, the heat, Dean, goddamned “Good Golly Miss Molly-” it was all too much at once.
Dean pursed his lips and nodded like he approved before squatting to check some of the damage, and then walking around to get a better look at something else.
Castiel found himself melting and bristling simultaneously. He had almost started to believe that he had imagined Dean inviting him along entirely. He wouldn’t go so far as to call them friends, but they had been something approaching more than acquaintances after they had gone to the bar together. It just hadn’t felt much like it today with Dean’s short answers and shaded eyes. The frown he caught Sam sending Dean’s direction made him feel a little better though.
Dean’s fingers had found their way into the hair near the base of Castiel’s neck, and he felt the hair on the rest of his body start to stand on end despite the heat. How it was possible that he had Dean in his lap after having wanted him from a distance for so long, he’d never know.
By the time they headed back to the truck, the sky had darkened considerably, but apart from that, it didn’t look as though rain was any more likely than it had been when they arrived. It just seemed as though night had come a little early. Dean drove them home, and before he could get out of the car, Castiel took his hand and kissed the back of it. “No more gifts today,” Castiel told him when he pulled away. “And there had better not be any on Christmas either.”
Alistair inclined his head slightly, and there was the jingle of keys as Anna caught them in one hand, and the shortest guy The Devils had brought with them handed over the title to their car.
“I’m gonna get going,” Castiel said finally. “I’ll swing by again so you can keep me updated on your progress.” He probably needed to meet Anna and the rest of the guys once he changed anyway. They’d tolerate him being late, but not showing at all would lead to questions he didn’t want to have to think about answering. “Tell Sam I’ll see him around.” He didn’t know how true that was, but he actually liked the kid, and he hoped they ran into each other again, though hopefully under better circumstances.  Not having a phone gave him an excuse to come by again, at least, so maybe they’d talk more then. He seemed to be at the garage almost as much as Dean.
The initial announcement to relevant parties sent Castiel’s PR team spinning, but he really didn’t care. It wasn’t something he told them so that they could figure out the best way to cover it up or spin it, but because they had helped make his career, and he would potentially be dismantling it all in one fell swoop. It was only fair to give them a little warning.
Sam smirked at that, “I’m gonna be taller. He hates it. Dean took after our mom, and I look more like our dad.” Something a little like disgust or irritation, or maybe a more conflicted emotion flitted over Sam’s features, but Castiel didn’t care enough to try and figure it out. He could understand being touchy about fathers. It made sense though- Dean had delicate features, a fine nose, perfectly lashed eyes, and full lips- he couldn’t say he was surprised by the fact that he would have taken after their mother. If he had to wager a guess, he figured she was probably a looker too. Sam still had a boyish edge to his looks, but Castiel could already see where he would eventually grow into something more square and bordering on rugged.
Dean went to sit on the bed again, his arms on his knees. "What if something had happened to you over there?"
Their lips had barely brushed when they heard the screen door bang open, and practically sprang apart. Dean’s entire body went rigid. It was probably the most physical change Castiel had ever seen Dean have in front of him. He could go from almost cold to flirty in a blink, but this was nothing like that. This was more like the look some guys got in their first big brawl. A deer in headlights look. A fear of God look. Castiel wasn’t sure if it was because they could have been caught, but he didn’t think that was it. He knew that fear. He had it himself. He’d had it when another guy sucked him into his mouth in the middle of a dark theatre a few years back. It hadn’t looked the way Dean did now.
"For what it’s worth, I was having a difficult time. And he’d mentioned you at one point. I imagine we were using each other to remember you. It was only once, but in the interest of starting things honestly, I thought I should tell you." Of course, Benny hadn’t been the only one; he’d just been the worst one. He hadn’t been particularly attracted to him, and he’d been one of Dean’s firsts. Benny had been a mistake.
Castiel stared blankly at the bike in front of him, unable to process what he was seeing or what it meant. The body wasn’t in the best shape, and paint was peeling from it, but he recognized the make. There was something building in his chest, but he wasn’t quite sure what it was yet.
Castiel watched as Dean collected himself, only mildly placated by his use of a pet name. He still wasn’t sure how he felt about those in general, but with Dean, he recognized the inherent intimacy in it, and he liked that. He liked knowing he was the only one Dean spoke to that way. At least it eased his fear about them already breaking up.
Dean caught it in one hand- of course he did- he was perfection incarnate. “No long distance,” he called as Castiel twisted the door handle to let himself into the small, yellow-lit office space. He didn’t bother to give Dean another glance- he was only calling to see if Inias could swing by and get him on the way to the diner. Otherwise, he’d have to walk.
Castiel flicked ash from the tip of his cigarette and sighed, “I’m not running moonshine.” The truth was, he had been gone far more frequently than was usual for him. After his evening out with Dean, his mind had folded in on itself trying to figure out Dean Winchester. There was ‘Mary,’ which was something he tried not to think too much about, and then there were so many little things from that evening that had him wondering if maybe Dean wasn’t so interested in her (or Anna for that matter) after all. Things like Dean’s hand on the small of his back when he had laid into him for getting them into that bet, the way some variation of “I’ll take care of you,” always seemed to drip from his tongue like honey right when Castiel thought everything was going to fall apart, the way he looked when Castiel agreed to go out for drinks with him in the first place, or when he agreed to accompany him and Sam to get the part for his bike. It didn’t make sense to him that there could be all of that, and ‘Mary.’ So, he had kept to himself lately, and dropped in at the shop only a couple of times that week, during which he had mostly sat outside and talked to Sam. He hardly said two words to Dean. He was busy with oil and tire changes, and Castiel wouldn’t have known what to say to him even if he hadn’t been.
“No, that’s not all,” Castiel said, his voice trembling. “It’s not just you that terrifies me anymore. It’s the whole world. This storm, fireworks on the Fourth, too many people in one place, not enough people in one place, an unexpected surprise party, whatever the hell kind of nightmare I’m going to have when I close my own eyes. There are things that I can’t get out of my head no matter what I do, things I couldn’t look away from when I was over there because it was my job to document it, and no matter how hard I try, I can’t get a handle on it.” He took a breath and tried to calm down. “I want to be… whatever you need me to be. I want to be the one that takes care of you sometimes, but I know- I know that even if your smile makes me want to move mountains or lasso the damn moon, I- I can’t manage it.” His voice broke on those last words, his shame getting the better of him. “Even if I find a steady job, I don’t know that I can keep it. I don’t know whether or not something there might scare me so badly I can’t move, or I break down in front of someone and they cart me off somewhere. I love you so much, but there are just some things that I can’t-”
By the time everyone had gone, and Sam and Dean had more or less cleaned up the apartment, Castiel was just drunk enough to fall directly asleep once Dean had helped him clean up and tucked him in. He rarely drank, had never much cared for it, but he’d wanted to enjoy himself, and he liked the look on Dean’s face when he’d stolen a swig of his beer without asking. “Was a very happy birthday,” he’d muttered as he drifted off, the feel of Dean’s lips still warm on his forehead.
Dean laughed, “Jealous? Sure, he could be prickly, but he always had a good heart. And he was good with his hands. I’m-"
When they were alone, Dean explained that he’d been traded, his mother’s and brother’s lives for his own. He had been a prince, but he could never be again now that he belonged to Castiel’s household. His father had been forced to denounce him before they beheaded him. He didn’t miss being a prince, he said, but he missed his brother and fair-haired mother. He missed the sea.
“When did you get this done? They look amazing. You look amazing.” Dean sounded awestruck, and for a moment Castiel was hit with a wave of nostalgia so intense it could have knocked him over. He hadn’t quite managed to forget the last time Dean had sounded like that. The last time they had ever really been together.
Castiel’s grip tightened on Dean’s hips as he tried to ground himself. The kiss was heated and deep, and Castiel already felt like he was drowning in him. He slid his hands along Dean’s back to pull him closer, and Dean rolled his hips forward so deftly that Castiel was half convinced that he had been the one to initiate the movement. He hadn’t been, of course. There was no way that he would have done anything to himself that would have been so certain to put him in need of a cold shower.
“Seems like the thunderstorm’s knocked the power out, so there are candles in the kitchen if you need them.”
“Don’t give me that, Cas,” Dean said tiredly. “You say you’re fine. But you’re not. It’s obvious you’re not. But you never talk to me. I love you. I think you know how much. But I can’t do this.”
The next time he awoke, it was with a start to a delicate knock, accompanied by a maid’s trilling voice.  “House-keeping!”
It took Castiel a moment to catch on to what it was that Dean meant, but he got there eventually, and he didn’t miss Dean’s little laugh when he finally did. “In my… yeah, hold on.” Castiel kissed him again, and then got up to rummage through his duffle, a task made slightly more difficult, by his very obvious arousal, and the way its presence seemed to also cloud his thoughts.
Castiel climbed out of the truck and glanced at the ever-greying sky. He wondered if rain here was different than rain anywhere else, and if they were going to get caught in it. He hoped they didn’t.
This wasn’t the life he’d had in mind for himself. He thinks if things had gone differently, if maybe he’d grown a damned spine at some point, that maybe he’d be somewhere else, doing something else. Maybe he’d be on tour, rocking out every night, and drowning each and every last one of his pathetic sorrows in booze or babes or even just the head-splitting, finger-numbing, wide-open feeling of a solo and an epic guitar riff.
“No, Cas, this is great. Sorry I left you to fend for yourself. Just thought I should probably scrub the grime out of my hair.” He smiled as he finished buttoning his shirt and began to tuck it into the waistband of his pants.
If he had wanted it, he probably could have had Benny again. But he hadn't wanted it. He wasn’t sure what had made him want it in the first place, except that maybe he had been lonely, and missed Dean a little too much. After that, mostly, he tried to avoid Benny until they were both reassigned. He certainly wasn’t interested in complicating his life in that particular way.
“Do. You. Want me?” Dean asked again, his eyes still glued to Castiel’s. “Don’t think about it. Right here, right now, if I give myself to you, will you accept me?”
When he finally tells Sam, they’ve just wrapped the last show, and they’re loading the sound equipment onto the bus together. Most everyone else has gone out to celebrate the end of the tour, but Dean said they’d join them once they had everything sorted out on the buses. He knows that Cas knows the real reason he’s hanging back is to talk to Sam, and he leaves with the others, a silent promise that he’ll keep them occupied while Dean does what he needs to between them. They haven’t had much time together since he asked him to marry him, and Dean embarrassed himself by crying, but he still feels giddy about it, and he half believes it’s some elaborate dream.
Al had two other guys in his car, and they were a sharp contrast to Anna and Castiel who sat in near silence, while the Devils whooped and revved their engine at the makeshift starting line.
“All right,” Dean said, half amused. “No more. At least not until I open my own garage again. Promise.”
“Not counting the time we lived with Bobby? Yeah.” He huffed a laugh, “Believe it or not, I was born in the bathtub. I should probably clean up before dinner. You can make yourself comfortable. Kitchen’s just through there,” he pointed down the hall. “Dad’s probably out for the night, so should just be us.”
Admittedly, I probably could have expanded more on things with Sam and Mary, but I really just like to keep the focus of my fics more or less centered on one or two things, and I think doing very much more with them than I did might have been pushing it a bit. Hopefully their characters didn't feel too flat as a result.
The party was a lively one, and though Castiel didn’t really know everyone that Sam and Dean had invited, it quickly became apparent that they were all either like them or had no qualms about the idea of two men that wanted to share their lives with one another. After they sang to him, and Castiel had blown out the candles on his cake, Dean kissed him right in front of everyone, and they all cheered heartily. Sam took a few pictures of them together—pictures any other couple might have taken at a party together—and the night went on enjoyably. Castiel wasn’t sure he’d ever been in a situation where he’d felt so normal.
“Until you got shot,” Dean’s voice had gentled again, and he reached over to brush his fingers along the scar.
And so it went. Castiel studied as he always did during the day, and at night, once Dean had fallen soundly asleep, would sneak into the slave quarters and learn Dean’s native tongue from the girl that had originally translated for them. In return, he promised her that he would prevent his brother from ravishing her, and explained that though he was just a boy, his father was Hermes, son of Zeus, and she had his protection. Castiel seldom invoked his bloodline, but he couldn’t risk missing the opportunity to learn to communicate in a way that Dean could understand. Besides, even if he hadn’t been the son of a god, he was fairly certain that it wouldn’t have taken much for him to outwit his brutish older brother, who took after his own father in almost every way. She agreed, though tentatively, and Castiel promised he would make a good student for her.
After this they could go back to not talking about it. Dean could go back to fixing his bike, and he could go back to wanting him, or maybe not. Maybe this would cure him. He’d be over Dean entirely once his curiosity about what it would be like to have him was sated. That had been the plan from the beginning, hadn’t it? He’d get so close, he wouldn’t want him anymore.
The party was a lively one, and though Castiel didn’t really know everyone that Sam and Dean had invited, it quickly became apparent that they were all either like them or had no qualms about the idea of two men that wanted to share their lives with one another. After they sang to him, and Castiel had blown out the candles on his cake, Dean kissed him right in front of everyone, and they all cheered heartily. Sam took a few pictures of them together—pictures any other couple might have taken at a party together—and the night went on enjoyably. Castiel wasn’t sure he’d ever been in a situation where he’d felt so normal.
He’d gone, after work, to watch them set up, in hopes of catching another glimpse of him. Even as his feet had carried him to the circus grounds, he knew he was being ridiculous, but there was nothing waiting for him at home except bread that was too dry, and a room that was too drafty, and so he’d given in to the impulse.
“I listen, Dean. It’s what I do with Anna. It’s what I do with Sam. It’s what I’m trying to do with you now. But you’re being purposely obtuse. It’s not like you’ve asked me anything I haven’t answered. I’ve been honest with you.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “Bank’s closed, I’m afraid.” He would have liked to stay in that cramped little office kissing Dean all day, but he knew they had already been too long, and it wasn’t like he wanted Dean to lose any business just because they couldn’t seem to keep their hands off one another. He made to step back, and Dean wrapped his legs around his hips, effectively locking him in place.
“I’m not a very good singer,” Castiel admitted. The Sinatra song had ended, and he wasn’t sure who was singing now—some woman with a smoky voice. Dean always looked so good to him; he wished he
He shuffled across the room, the cheap carpeting rough against his feet, and set his clean linens on the chair near the grimy window. “Christ,” he whispered to himself as he pressed his forehead against the window. “Get it together.” He blew out a long breath, and then bent to dig his cigarettes out of the pocket of the pants he’d worn the night before. He’d stuffed them back in there after he put his photographs away again, in the hope that he would be deterred from smoking any more that night. He was nearly out, and definitely needed to get dressed and go out, if for no other reason than to buy more. He stuck one between his lips, and pulled a change of clothes from his bag, which he tossed into the chair with the sheets. When he stood upright again, he opened the window and leaned out of it to smoke. He was in an unfamiliar place, full of unfamiliar people and things, and yet somehow the Winchesters had managed to find him. He hated how much it affected him, how just because Sam had shown up and mentioned that Dean was near, he could hardly keep it together. That wasn’t quite right. He could hardly keep it together on a good day since he’d been back, but he hated that this made it worse. He hated that even after all this time, and making up his mind to forget Dean and what they had been to one another, he was still so afraid of losing him. He sucked hard on his cigarette.
“No. Well, I guess he does now. But I never told him you and me were anything. Not like that. It’s just...I tried it out with a few different people before I decided it just wasn’t gonna work for me. And I wasn’t especially careful while I did. I even went back to that club a few times. Guess I hoped I’d find you there,or something, but when I didn’t, there was always someone else who was willing. It didn’t take too long for Sam to catch on, and I’m not entirely convinced he didn’t suspect something earlier than he said.” He shrugged, “Anyway, Sammy’s never been the kind of kid that cared about that sort of thing. He says he wants me to be happy,  and if guys make me happy, then that’s fine too.”
Castiel was so startled by it, that he found himself frozen for several long moments as Dean wept silently before him, fat tears streaming down his freckled cheeks, his tiny chest heaving. The look on his face was something more like grief than the rage Castiel had seen on him when he’d arrived. He’d half convinced himself that Dean was incapable of crying, as he had yet to see him shed even a single tear, though Castiel’s twin siblings who were of an age with Dean, had cried at least six times each in the same span of time.
“Oh, yeah? How’s that going? That mechanic taking care of you? You know I can handle it if he’s giving you the runaround. Or we can just tow it somewhere else, let our money do the talking,” she laughed a little.
“Honestly, it’s a little hard to say. I’m waiting on a new tire for you, and I’ll have to drive a coupla towns over to get one of the engine pieces I’ll need. Another week? Maybe two? Things get kinda hectic around this time of year. School lets out in a few weeks, so everyone wants tune-ups and oil changes so they can drive to the beach or whatever. But I’ll-”
, and when he stood before his mother, he could always feel the weight of these expectations in the way her hands settled on his shoulders, delicate though they were. She had a quiet, serious way about her—one which he had inherited—and because of this, they seldom spoke to one another. She rarely spoke at all, except to whisper words of the prophecy she seemed to cling to,
They stayed at Bobby’s long enough to have lunch—BLTs and beers for everyone except Sam, who had a Coke, and Castiel, who was a bit too ill-at-ease to drink—and for Bobby to grill the Winchesters on what they had been up to and whether or not they had been taking proper care of themselves. Dean assured him that things were fine, that if they needed anything they would definitely let him know, and Sam, did his best to loop Castiel into the conversation whenever it seemed appropriate.
Castiel did as he was told, though his frown didn’t lift, and he felt Dean settle his hands on his shoulders so he could steer him where he wanted him to go. If Castiel didn’t trust him so implicitly, he might have been nervous walking blind through a strange shop filled with all sorts of tools that would have been unpleasant to run into even if he had been able to see.
Castiel couldn’t help but soften a little. “I was thinking about how a good boyfriend  would let me smoke on my birthday.”
“I won’t, Dean,” Castiel told him. He took a deep breath and leaned in to kiss him. “I promise, I won’t,” he said. It was a promise he intended to keep, no matter how difficult it became. He’d sooner die than drink away the memory of Dean Winchester or raise a hand against him.
“Cas, are you tellin’ me my ass isn’t worth at least a pack of your precious Luckies? Anyway, I gave you a Lifesaver instead.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the counter to face him. “But if you’d rather the Luckies, I can just keep my ass to myself in the future.”
It almost made Castiel want to give in. Hel shook his head, "Trust me, he won’t. For what it’s worth, I’m...sorry I left without saying goodbye to you. I wouldn’t have if things had been different at the time.” He ran his fingers through his hair again. It wasn’t a great excuse, but he meant it—he was sorry—and it was the best he could do without spilling everything to Sam, which he very much did not want to do. “I think it's best if you take me back to the motel and don't mention my name to him at all." He didn't want to see Dean. He couldn't see him. Whatever Sam said, he just wasn't ready for that, and he wasn't sure he ever would be.
They couldn’t afford any extra hands at the moment, and so they had a system worked out where Sam covered day shifts at the front desk, and he came in and worked overnight, and then did his repairs that morning until around midday. Then he’d go to his room and sleep until time for him to cover the desk again. The only time this routine changed was if one of them had something to do, which was rare, or if Dean decided he wanted to play a show somewhere, something he had more or less put on hold for the time being, given their current circumstances. Sam didn’t like that they were stretched so thin, and he was pinching pennies every chance he got so they could afford at least one extra person by summer. Dean minded it less. He didn’t sleep much anyway, a few hours at a time at best, and the night shifts were easy. He usually ate or surfed the internet until someone called for something.
“They’re your friends though. You don’t regret that, do you?” Dean traced a finger along Castiel’s ear.
Anna crossed her long, white legs out in front of her and looked over at him, “Then what are you up to? Because you’ve even been avoiding me lately. I can’t make excuses for you if I don’t know what’s going on, kiddo.”
Sam knocked on the door a few minutes later, a party hat tilted jauntily on his head, nearly lost in the waves of his overgrown hair. “Hey, uh, Cas, can I come in?”
They did dishes together afterwards, the radio playing Christmas music in the background, and though Dean insisted that Castiel let him take care of them, he refused to let him. Castiel usually did the dishes—it was one of the things he did that made him feel useful, especially since he still hadn’t really managed to find steady work yet—and he liked to look through the window over the sink as he did it. There wasn’t much in the way of a view, but usually, the sun was out, and he could watch people as they passed by. Unfortunately, it was extremely grey today, and he realized with a start that it never really rained in California. It was December, and it was the first time since he had moved there that the sky had looked even remotely grey enough to produce rain. In fact, he didn’t think he’d seen much rain at all since he’d been stateside. Even Philadelphia had been pretty dry when he got back, and about the only positive thing he could say about the week he’d spent on the train to get from there to California was that there had been no notable weather to speak of. He probably hadn’t seen rain since he’d been in Vietnam. The thought made a shudder run through him.
“You’re good at changing the subject, you know. And, I dunno, things. We just argue sometimes. When did you do those sketches?”
Catching rides to work with Gabe or Inias was something Castiel decided he absolutely never wanted to do again. Of course, he had ridden with them to various places in the past, and he had been prepared for the close quarters because too many of them were piled into one vehicle. That was tolerable, as he was usually in the front seat instead of cramped between any of the others in the back. But what he absolutely couldn’t stand, and what made him miss his motorcycle more than anything, was all of the
The smirk broadened into an actual smile, “And you’ve noticed me?” His brows lifted, “A lot if you’ve managed to memorize my order. Unless… you’re not one of the baristas, are you? I don’t remember ever-”
“No,” Castiel told him, flatly. “I just study there. A lot. And you order the same thing most of the time.” He didn’t think this would be a good time to bring up the fact that he also knew that when he came in on Wednesdays, he always ordered an apple turnover to go with his coffee. “Are you going to tell me your actual name?” Castiel asked. He probably should have just ended the conversation and gone forward with trying to make his escape, but he couldn’t pass up the chance to find out that small piece of information. He’d been watching him come in and out of there all semester, and he had no dignity left now that he’d been found out.
“Get. Bent. I never forced you.”  Her voice was low and angry. Perhaps even a little hurt. There was another pause, and at length, she said, “You’ve changed, Castiel.” She pressed her lips together, “Is it them? Your so-called ‘life outside the Garrison’?” She glanced toward his bedroom, where Sam and Dean probably were sitting awkwardly waiting for all of this to blow over. “Are they where you’ve been? Bring them in. Make them one of us. It doesn’t need to be this way. Dean is good with the cars. We could-”
Dean sighed, but it was a fond sort of sigh, like he just didn’t know what he was going to do with him, “Yeah. He’s enthusiastic, but just a little odd. Pretty fast learner though. If I work with him, he might get the hang of it all soon enough.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the doorframe, “Your bike starts. Barely. I can rebuild the engine too but it’ll be tomorrow, maybe the next day, at the least, before I can start calling around for any parts. It’ll cost a little extra too.”
“Me,” Castiel confirmed, still not entirely confident he could look Dean in the face and not spontaneously combust. It didn't matter that Dean probably thought he had been harassing his brother earlier- Castiel simply didn't trust himself not to do something insane and reckless where Dean was concerned. He had been led to temptation and he was having the worst time trying to resist. Besides, it wasn’t like Sam had a mark on him- if anything, it looked like Sam had been the one harassing him.
Dean’s father ambled to the fridge, opened it and stuck his head in for a full minute before he emerged again with a bottle of beer. “Did you check on Sam,” he popped the lid on the edge of the counter.
“And what, my son, have you to tell me of your latest endeavors? Is your mother well? Do not bore me. Your grandfather beckons, and I would like to give an acceptable reason for being late to meet the king of the gods. A good story, I think, would suffice.”
There's a bit more smut in this chapter than I've written anywhere else. I thought you all deserved it for hanging in there so long!
Dean had broken down, and Castiel quickly put out his cigarette and pulled him into his arms. He hadn’t expected that. Not the crying or the confession, and he was very nearly brought to tears himself by it all.
Dean took his hand and pressed another kiss against the back of it, and then kissed his cheek, amusement still evident on his features, “I’m not mad,” he said. “We were apart for a long time, and like I said, I wasn’t exactly a saint either. I drank too much for a while. Probably the most me and my old man had gotten along in a long time.”
Sam shuffled into the other room, and Castiel hung his clothes over the backs of his bar stools before crossing back to sit next to Dean again.
Dean eased the truck into the lot, near a slightly rundown, but fairly spacious, looking house. Sam popped out of the truck almost before Dean had stopped, his book forgotten on the seat, and Castiel followed out after him, desperate for a cigarette, and to put some space between Dean and himself.
“I didn’t think he’d be home,” Dean said once they were both flat on their backs. Dean had tucked his hands behind his head, but Castiel had his at his side, so they were as close as could be managed like that. “He’s not… I know he seems a little rough around the edges, but he’s not always like that. It can be really good sometimes. When he’s not drinking or in a mood. He’s not a bad person. He’s just had it rough, you know? And then when he lost mom, I don’t know… I think it just broke something in him.”
I considered addressing Kit and Anna and the Garrison in this chapter, and then decided against it, because this story was never about them. Even close friends lose contact under the best of circumstances when one moves across the country, particularly before the age of cell phones and email. If that disturbs you, sorry kids.
Castiel, on the other hand, nearly choked at hearing her use Dean’s familiar phrase, which only made Anna laugh harder as she patted his back. He recovered after a moment and took another drag before he answered her. “It’s fine. He’s been… accommodating. It’s an old bike, and Al did a number on it.” A muscle in his jaw jumped and he finished his cigarette before he got too worked up about it.
Castiel dries himself with a new cloth, and wraps himself in a robe pulled from the trunk, before he reclines on one arm next to Dean on the pallet. “The circus is dying,” he says softly. “Even this, so many shows in one place is unusual. But one of our elephants has been sick, and we must stay a few days to see if we can recoup some of the cost. Ordinarily, we would be gone by now. Like magic, here one night, gone the next. This is how the circus retains life, mystery. People do not want what they can have any day of the week.”  He tilts his head to see Dean better, “So, I’m glad you liked us enough to see us twice. Even if only because you have no one at home. I’m not sure there’s much use for us these days.”
“You tryin’ to have this whole place go up in smoke? You can’t do that in here,” Dean sounded irritable, and Castiel realized, probably a bit belatedly, that he had never once seen Dean light up, and so he probably didn’t smoke. Most people did, pretty much all of The Garrison did, but he guessed it wasn’t completely unheard of for someone not to like it. He didn’t even particularly like it most of the time. It was just something that kept his hands busy, an outlet for all of his nervous energy.
A thin guy with a rat-like face- Castiel knew him as Al- spat on the ground between them, and then held out his hand for Anna to shake, a sneer on his features. It took her a moment, but she shook his hand, which he pulled up to kiss the back of in a display of dominance that even had Castiel bristling. Anna’s expression was cold as she took her hand back from him and hopped into the driver side of their roadster without bothering to open the door.
Castiel felt a slow, uncomfortable thud in his chest at Dean’s words, like the first, tentative beat of a heart revived. He would not let himself hope that way. He squashed the feeling and tried to focus. “I don’t know why I came here,” he said truthfully. “Maybe I… I don't know. I couldn’t stay in Philadelphia when I got back, and I knew I couldn’t go back home.” He didn’t say that even if he had been willing to risk breaking his word to Kit, who may or may not have still been orchestrating things there, he didn’t think his heart or head could take getting wrapped up in that part of his past at the moment. He had lost contact with everyone, including Anna, and facing it all at once, particularly after his stint abroad, seemed overwhelming. Just seeing Dean now, touching him, was almost enough to completely ruin him.
He couldn’t remember the last time he’d sat down and had an actual meal, let alone one that also involved eating with other people. Usually it was canned soup or warmed up leftovers he had been given by a neighbor.
Castiel didn't blame him. He had come back a little different himself. As much as he wanted to kiss him again, he could see the unfairness in letting Dean think things could be as they had been before.
When Castiel returned to his apartment, less than dry, and slightly grouchy, he thought the Winchesters had gone. There was no sign of Dean’s truck out front, and there weren’t any lights on in the apartment when he went in. He had gone to stay with Inias, who he knew would ask him questions, but wouldn’t be bothered that he didn’t give him answers. He also wouldn’t feel inclined to mention it later. Anna or Gabe would have both asked too many questions and then demanded answers, and would have no trouble bringing it up until all of his secrets came pouring out of him. Inias was his only real option.
Dean hadn’t realized that he’d been staring at the cross around his neck until his eyes snapped up to meet Castiel’s at his request. Yes, he minded. He couldn’t think of anything he minded more at the moment. Gouging his own eyes out sounded preferable to entering the motel room of this particular old flame.
“Oh, hey, you found everything,” Dean came down the stairs in a fitted tee shirt and pants, his usual plaid half open over the top of his tee.
He felt similarly now. He cleared his own throat, “H-heya, Cas. How’s the...uh… farm life treating you?” Nice one, Winchester. He was asking stupid questions, and he couldn’t stop staring. Castiel’s hair was windswept and dusty, he had a basket of eggs in his hands, and there was a single, downy feather stuck to the glistening skin of his neck.
Castiel finished his cigarette and stood, unmoving, as Bobby patted Dean’s shoulder, like he was telling Dean there was no need to explain, because he already knew. It made him feel like he was intruding on something, some unexpected family reunion.
“Hullo, Dean. Who’s this?” he turned his attention to Castiel. “I’m Jack,” he  stuck out his hand for Castiel to take, an over-eager smile on his face. He realized a beat later that there was grease on his palm and wiped it down the front of his jumpsuit before he offered it again. If there wasn’t something so strange about him, Castiel would have said he seemed wholesome.
Castiel sighed and let Dean have his hand back. “Unfortunately, yes, it’s true. They’re curious because I’ve never really hung around anyone else before. Obviously Anna knows that we’re friends, but she hasn’t told the others. And the only thing I’ve told them is that you’re square so that they wouldn’t get any funny ideas about recruiting you.”
Dean laughed. It was the first real, out-loud laugh Castiel had heard from him since they had been reunited, and he felt the way the sound sent little flickers of warmth all throughout his body. He was even more beautiful when his face was creased with laughter. It didn’t seem fair. Of course, the fact that he had been the cause of that laughter was more than enough to outweigh the unfairness of it all.
For what it was worth, he was. He didn’t think he was in any fit state of mind to deal with all the rest of the guys, especially crowded into his tiny apartment. And of everyone who could have shown up with Anna, Gabriel wasn’t the worst. He might have preferred Inias- he tended to talk less- but they had known Gabriel a long time, and he was able to be relied upon when it counted, even if it wasn’t a regular part of his nature.
It wasn't until he was properly in the garage that Castiel realized Dean had the wireless playing again, a familiar toothpaste jingle drifting through the air rather than an actual song. He had been so distracted he hadn’t noticed it while they had been outside.
More than three moon cycles had passed after he began his lessons with Amara before Dean ever spoke to him. Castiel was being draped in a new chiton, and Dean looked on from a nearby corner of the room, his hand fisted around the dice Castiel had given him to play with while he waited.
Castiel was terrified. There were few things in life that scared him, but he immediately counted this among them. He moved away from Dean again, smoke wafting around the apartment, in a way he generally tried to avoid because Anna complained. Anna. Didn’t Dean have a thing for her? What about ‘Mary?’ He began to clean up the first aid kit, and in the process, made the fiercest effort to bury any feelings Dean’s little stunt had caused to flare up inside of him.
Dean was doing that adorable rambling thing that Castiel loved, where he talked too much when he got nervous. Castiel was going to cry. And it didn’t matter that Jack was standing right there, or that the bike couldn’t be ridden yet, because he was deeply and irrevocably in love with the man in front of him.
Quick notes- hmm, Panoptes was a "real," mythological creature/person(?) that I co-opted for the purpose of this fic. In the myths, he slays a few monsters, and works for Hera by guarding the nymph Io, who Zeus had turned into a cow because, well, he couldn't keep it in his pants. In some stories, Hermes, comes along and slays Argus Panoptes in order to get Io back for Zeus. I figured it gave him a little more motivation to kill him if Hermes was aware that Panoptes had taken one of his sons prisoner for a while. Call it artistic license.
Eventually, they climbed back onto the bank, and lacking any towels, air dried for a while before getting dressed. Dean toweled himself off with his undershirt before tossing it at Sam so he could do the same. Castiel didn't bother trying to dry himself any further, and instead tried to focus on not watching Dean as he dried water from his body and slid Levi's over undershorts that left little to the imagination.
Dean killed the engine and ran his hands down his thighs before getting out of the car. Castiel got out as well and followed him up the steps to the front door.
“A while back,” Castiel cleared his throat again. “Graduation present.” He didn’t want to elaborate any further than that. Dean hadn’t asked and didn’t need to know, for the moment, about others he had been with in the time since they’d been apart. Really, there hadn’t been many, maybe two or three if he counted Benny, but he hadn’t managed to feel for any of them like he had for Dean, though with this one, he’d been as close as he ever had. He supposed he had liked his company, and so it had taken him longer to realize that he didn’t feel more for him than genuine fondness.
It didn’t sound like an insult, just a simple statement of fact, and Castiel didn’t see any point in arguing with him. He was right. There wasn’t much good that came out of gangs except that if you were in a halfway decent one, you always had someone to look out for you.  It was time to go. He had stayed and talked for a while, and maybe that was a good enough start. He certainly wasn’t feeling as confident about his plan to make himself an essential nuisance at this point, and he felt he should probably regroup and evaluate the information he had gathered so far.
The ride to the Winchesters’ was a mostly silent affair, with the exception of the radio, and Dean’s occasional question about how his day had gone. There was an awkward tension between them that Castiel couldn’t quite pinpoint, but that he thought might have something to do with the fact that neither of them had touched the other or even made mention of the fact that they had hardly been able to keep themselves from it just days earlier. It wasn’t so much that Castiel had expected that sort of thing, and more that he wasn’t sure what the absence of it meant. It could be that Dean had decided to ignore everything that had passed between them at the Carnation Club and after. Or it might mean that while he wasn’t actively ignoring what had passed between them, he had decided that a physical relationship wasn’t something that he could deal with. Castiel thought that was the most likely given that Dean had invited him out. They were probably still friends, at least. But Dean had been the one to initiate all of it, even the stolen kisses in his office, so maybe it wasn’t so likely after all. Maybe nothing had changed. Maybe Dean was just waiting for him to make the first move while he was waiting for Dean to do the same, and they would sit in petrified silence together for the rest of their lives. Less likely, but possible. Even with as much as he wanted Dean, and as much as it lifted his spirits to see him, Castiel couldn’t bring himself to make even a casual pass at him at the moment. If there was any part of Dean that had doubts about being more than friends, then Castiel didn’t want to push him.
When they arrived, there was a car parked out front, the driver and passenger of which occupied Sam’s bench. Dean’s hand slid away from his abdomen, and Castiel felt his sinking deepen. Nothing could shatter a fantasy like the presence of other people. His heart had shifted from his chest to the middle of his throat as he pulled up to let Dean off.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, more Castiel’s air than his own, and he felt it again, the way he could let Castiel fill that massive crack running through him if he just gave into it.
Sam can’t, for the life of him, figure out why he had given up a stable job and normal friends to start touring. He thought he’d left bands and tour buses behind with their dad. He’d been a genius bassist, and maybe, if he could have crawled out of the bottle after the divorce, he’d have really been somebody incredible. Sam had left with their mother, but Dean had stayed to take care of their dad. It made sense back then, and Sam has few regrets about any of it now, but he knows that Dean still half blames himself for it all.
Some notes on Cas's time in Vietnam- If you know anything about history, then you can probably tell I played fast and loose with his entire experience after he parted ways with Dean. The likelihood that he would have been there for any kind of news coverage, particularly at that time, was kind of slim, and additionally, things really didn't start heating up in Vietnam until well into the 60's, even though the U.S. was already engaged in military conflict by 1955. The actual war ran from about 1955 to 1973, and it wasn't unlikely that any or all of our boys would have ended up fighting in the war before the end of it.
“All right,” he said softly. And he had no idea why it had come out of his mouth, because it was the exact opposite of what he had meant to say, what he intended on saying. But before he had the chance to take it back, to explain that it had been a slip of the tongue, and what he’d meant to say was ‘All right, that’s enough of that,’ Castiel was kissing him.
There was a narrow desk along the adjacent wall, and Castiel moved to look at the framed photograph on it. There was a pretty woman with long, light-colored hair holding a toddler in her arms, and a tall man in uniform next to her. A freckle-nosed little boy stood on his feet, his grin unmistakable even at a difference of fifteen or so years.
He shrugged, “If you want. Or we can make this the third date, and we can have the first one later.” He stretched his arms out against the steering wheel and lifted his eyebrows, “Although, I’m not sure a gentleman would ever be caught having his third date in a deserted parking lot in the backseat of a car.”
What happened if Dean changed his mind? What if he realized that he had made a mistake, or that he had just been feeling lonely again? Sam was gone, and he hadn’t wanted to go home, so it would have been a short leap. And it wasn’t as though they had been drinking a lot, but Castiel knew how easy it was to pass off any perceived transgression as the fault of alcohol. If that happened, then he would be left holding his feelings in his hands, exposed, with no way to put them away again. He had whispered how much he wanted him, how long he had spent wanting him, between kisses that night, and there was no coming back from that.
“When did you start smoking?” Sam had come to lean next to him on the porch railing, though he faced the house, while Castiel faced out toward Dean’s truck.
“You,” was Dean’s rather pointed greeting, his voice edged with accusation as he looked around Sam to him.
Now, with no soldiers, no battles, no Vietnamese people to photograph going about their daily lives, nights stretched on endlessly, and even if he managed a few good hours, the rest of them were riddled with horrors. He usually woke either drenched in sweat or so near tears and trembling that he could barely see, let alone hold his lighter. It was a kind of hell he hadn’t yet grown accustomed to, but one that he was slowly learning to live with, so long as he didn’t spend too much time in the company of other people. Even awake, he found he was prone to drifting off like he had with Sam at dinner, though he thought that he was able to avoid that for the most part if he kept busy. He just needed to find work soon and lose himself in it. He stripped out of his pants and shirt, and pulled his bag into his lap while he sat cross legged on the floor in his undershirt and shorts. He dug through it until he found the thick leather folder that served as his portfolio. He flipped through it, each one a look at people and places he had found interesting while he’d been in Vietnam. A lot of them were candids—he liked to observe and catch people looking the way they did when they weren’t worried about what others thought about them—but some of them were posed. There were waving soldiers, gap-toothed and grinning children, and stern-faced officers. He only had his best ones printed, but he knew that if he lined every photograph he had ever taken end to end, there would be a clear progression of skill. He had gotten better a little at a time, and it was a mild source of pride for him that he had managed to make something of himself. He reached the back of the portfolio and ran his fingers along the back cover to lift a flap that was meant to hold a resume or some other document.
Dean returned his hug and asked Jack if he could give them a minute once it became clear that Castiel wasn’t going to let go of him any time soon.
I'm SO sorry this took me so long to update. I've had a lot going on the last few months, and the timeline I thought I could stick to kind of flew out the window, so before I knew it, three months had gone by. On the bright side, this is the penultimate chapter, and I have a clear direction for what I want to do with the final chapter, so it will definitely be up much sooner than this one was.
Dean chose that exact moment to return to their room, still dressed in his pajamas, and looking perfectly cheerful.
Castiel felt his heart sink in his chest. He dreaded this conversation. Despite Dean’s reassurances that he wanted him, there was always a tiny part of Castiel that told him he wasn’t good enough for someone like Dean, that eventually he’d wake up and realize he was tired of him.
“I suppose,” Castiel said, doing his best impression of his mother’s most put-upon voice. He liked the idea that when he woke in the morning, he wouldn’t have to put his tux back on. He was pretty sure some of the buttons were missing now anyway.
“Yeah,” Dean nods, “I’ve never seen anything like it before. I uhm,” he flushes a bit, and averts his eyes briefly, “came last night too. I just had to see you-” he closes his eyes hard at the slip of his tongue, “-it again. The whole thing. It’s a spectacle. Amazing. Have you- have you always done this for a living?”
“I don’t think I’m allowed to make any more wishes,” Castiel told him as he watched for the next comet to streak across the sky. He already had Dean in his arms, and asking for more than that seemed greedy.
Dean was much closer now, and had taken Sam by the shoulders to inspect him before he noticed Castiel puffing away against the wall, and doing his damnedest to stare into space and not let his eyes roam the length of Dean’s body. He had hoped if he sat still enough, the brothers would forget he was there entirely and he could watch as Dean walked away.
Gang wars, rumbles, brawls, even street races and hustles were all carefully coordinated. It was rarely something that happened out of the blue, and whether or not you were on the giving or receiving end of things didn’t change the fact that no small amount of planning had gone into it. Objectives could be simple, like earning money or maintaining pride, or they could be more ambitious, like expanding territory or wiping out another group’s guys. Reasoning was usually up to whimsy, but execution seldom was. Which was why it was so important to keep an ear to the ground when something out of the ordinary went on.
Castiel had never bothered much with Christmas after his grandmother died—the extent of his celebration for any birthdays or holidays had consisted of going out with Anna and the other members of The Garrison to drink and maybe cause a little bit of trouble. He knew that, logically, birthdays included cake and candles, and an embarrassing song or a gift, but he wasn’t sure he knew how normal people celebrated them anymore. He hadn’t yet celebrated the Winchester’s birthdays with them, so he wasn’t even sure what he should expect. It reminded him that he had only been with Dean, in the span of nearly six years, only about eight or nine months, and he wondered, not for the first time, if it was possible to be so lucky as to get a shot with someone as perfect as Dean twice. He’d always found that he’d had rotten luck, getting shot in Vietnam when he hadn’t even been enlisted was a testament to that, but the fact that he was with Dean almost made him believe otherwise.
Castiel was used to riding pressed against someone else in the cab of a truck. They were always piling into Inias’ to go one place or another- work, the diner, sometimes a race or a brawl. The noise of the guys laughing or joking was what bothered him more than the tight quarters. It was always such a stark contrast from when he was on his bike that he couldn’t help but feel a little uncomfortable on the occasions where he had to ride with them. It wasn’t ideal, but he was used to it, and nine times out of ten, it hardly bothered him at all.
“Nothin’, Sammy,” he’d said. He’d tried to keep the sound of evaporating hope from coloring his voice. It was difficult. “Just gettin’ a little air is all. Go back to sleep.”
Castiel shrugged, “I lost access to the darkroom when I finished school. I’ve developed photos in my bathroom before, but the chemicals can be expensive, and I don’t always have the patience to set it all up just to take it down.” He handed the baseball over to Sam, who tucked it into the space between his seat and the door. “Gabriel also busted my last camera at a party, and I haven’t been able to get a new one,” he added irritably. He hadn’t wanted to bring it in the first place, but Gabe had insisted, and of course, it ended in disaster.
“Oh, well, I guess it’s good we came when we did.” He was doing his best not to think about the way Dean had pressed himself against him, or how easily he had fit between Dean’s thighs that day, but he definitely wasn’t succeeding.
Dean laughed, “Yeah, I’ve got a car. Are you a car guy?” He stood up straight, and tugged at the hem of his shirt.
When Castiel had argued (on his older sister’s behalf) to their mother that debutante balls were archaic, he had not expected her to agree with him. At the time, he had been fifteen, and he hadn’t expected anyone to agree with him at all. It was unsettling. Particularly after she resumed planning his sister’s coming out for the following year, and went through with it anyway. Honestly, he had very nearly forgotten about the whole incident. It wasn’t that unusual for him to be brushed off.
Sam scoffed, “Remember how I said Dean likes to act like he’s my mom? Well, even though that’s true, he can sometimes be convinced to be a reasonable, slightly cool, older brother. Besides, I promised him I’d call the shop when I got there so he wouldn’t worry.” Sam rolled his eyes, and turned and started toward the garage with Castiel.
Castiel sighed and took another look around the room. There were a few repair manuals stacked on the nightstand next to the lamp. He would have liked to examine more of the room, maybe look inside the closet or nightstand drawer, but he didn’t feel right about it, and instead went downstairs to see if he could find his way around the kitchen.
"I'm sorry," he said again, his voice just audible in the space between them. "Dean, I've never been sorrier for anything in my life. I swear." He took Dean's face between his hands and stared at him as he brushed away a few stray tears with his thumbs. “I just wanted- I thought it was for the best at the time.”
“I almost like the sound of that,” Dean said as he reached back to grab Castiel’s wrist and brought it around so he could kiss his fingers. His tongue slid between each of them, and Castiel dropped his head back against the pillow, a defeated sound escaping him. Dean chuckled and moved up to gain a better vantage. He pressed a kiss under Castiel’s ear, before bringing their mouths together in a, frankly, obscene kiss, his hips rocking steadily against Castiel’s.
When they finished, Dean cleaned them both up, and then tucked himself against Castiel’s chest. He knew Dean preferred to hold him, but this allowed Castiel to avoid feeling trapped if a nightmare got the better of him. However, the way he kept Castiel’s hand tucked against his chest, still kept him close in a way that Dean seemed to be able to appreciate.
“That’s fine. I’ll just drop by in a week or so to check in again, I guess. Thanks for tonight.” He didn’t know what the proper protocol for this kind of thing was. He hadn’t hung out with anyone outside of The Garrison in so long that he wasn’t sure what the normal state of goodbyes were after the night they’d had. He opened the door and got out before he turned grab his portfolio from under the seat.
“Oh,” was all Castiel could manage. He had forgotten that they were foreigners. Spoils of war. It was impressive that the girl knew his language at all. He might have said as much if he’d been able to think past the fact that he hadn’t considered there might be a communication barrier between them.
Dean had held to his silence so steadfastly, that Castiel had been uncertain as to whether or not he had a voice at all, though Amara had assured him that he did. It had made no difference in his desire to continue learning their language—regardless of whether or not Dean had a voice, he wanted to be able to communicate with them both more easily. Still, he had hoped that if Dean could speak to him, he one day would. Now that he had, Castiel’s joy was nearly uncontainable.
He didn’t know what he’d do without him. It wasn’t that he wouldn’t survive. His body was perfectly capable of carrying him from place to place, functioning in the way a body was supposed to, even when Dean wasn’t anywhere he could reach. The nearly six years they had spent apart was proof of that. But he didn’t want to live without him. He’d done it once, and he’d regretted every second of it. And if this was Dean’s breaking point, if he was breaking things off with him right now, hours after he’d turned twenty-nine years old, he didn’t know what he was going to do with himself.
They were both breathless and sweaty, and when Castiel felt like he would never be close enough or deep enough, like he’d completely lose it if he didn’t find a way to climb into Dean’s skin and become part of him, he shifted them. He eased Dean onto his back—never parting from him as he did—and used the new angle to get deeper, closer. He kissed him, wrapped the fingers of one hand around Dean’s length, and laced the fingers of the other one with Dean’s matching one.
Rather than stop, Dean shifted closer, wrapped one arm around his middle and let his hand slide along the planes of Castiel’s stomach and chest. When he tilted Castiel’s face toward him, and leaned up to kiss him from over his shoulder, Castiel somehow found the resolve within himself to stop him.
Dean carried the tire into the shop, and Castiel reached across himself and ran his fingers along the outline of the cigarette pack in his sleeve before he followed after him. Dean didn't like smoking, so he'd resist doing it around him for as long as he could.
Castiel shrugged, “It probably would have been less risky there. I don’t own a car though, and Meg, the bartender from last night, suggested that I go to that theatre because of its reputation for being… I think the euphemism she used was, ‘an Emerald City.’”
Jack said he was happy to help, and that he’d like to go riding with him once they finished the work, as he returned his hug with enthusiasm.
Anna’s frostiness did not subside after their night out. She and Gabe had waited on him to shower and change, and when they climbed into her car, it was almost as though he wasn’t there. And by the time they picked up the rest of the guys and started their caravan into the city, he could have been invisible entirely.
“Hullo, Dean. Who’s this?” he turned his attention to Castiel. “I’m Jack,” he  stuck out his hand for Castiel to take, an over-eager smile on his face. He realized a beat later that there was grease on his palm and wiped it down the front of his jumpsuit before he offered it again. If there wasn’t something so strange about him, Castiel would have said he seemed wholesome.
Dean reached for it and nodded once. Their fingers brushed and Castiel had to stop himself from running from the room right then. Maybe agreeing to talk to Dean hadn’t been the best idea. Maybe he should have forced Sam and Dean to leave him alone, and then figured out a way to skip town again. Maybe Canada would be far enough.
When he’d been younger, he’d occasionally visit places where he could find the company of men like him, but it was always sort of secretive, and like so many things he did during that time, there was a dangerous edge to being there. The party wasn’t like that. It felt like any party that he might have gone to, except that for once, he didn’t have to sneak out back if he wanted to kiss someone, and no one cared about what he might be doing behind closed doors. He’d never felt so relaxed or happy in a room full of people, certainly not since he’d come back.
“You’re very organized,” Castiel offered. “I… wasn’t sure if there was any certain way you wanted things done, so I hope this is okay.”
He was about to ask where Dean went every day at two o’clock, realizing that he had found in Sam, an untapped well of information. He had never really spoken to Dean before, and he had very little information on him other than what he had observed from a distance. It wasn’t like he could go around asking about him- if the guys he knew didn’t think his desire for him was totally obvious, then they’d probably think he had a bone to pick with him and jump him in an alley someplace thinking they were doing him a favor. No, asking around would never have been a safe option. But here Sam was, Dean’s kid brother, and apparently friendly enough that he could talk to him like they knew each other already. So where was the harm in fishing for information from a direct source on someone he knew he could never have?
Castiel was grateful he hadn’t tried to embrace him. Sometimes it made him feel better, and other times it made things worse. He felt like this was probably one of those times when it would have been worse. Luckily, Dean seemed to be a fast learner, and in the months since Castiel had moved in with him and Sam, Dean had done well to learn when his nightmares required distance, and when it was better to hold him tightly.
Castiel was already reaching for his cigarettes as he gave Sam a small wave, the nickname barely registering as he made for the door. It felt like breaking the surface of a lake after having been submerged a little too long, a few moments more and he might have drowned completely. By the time he reached the truck, he was puffing like a chimney, and Inias looked at him curiously as he shifted gears and pulled away from the garage. Whatever questions he had, Inias seemed to sense that this wasn’t the time for them, and Castiel was grateful for that, at least.
“I’d agree with you,” Castiel said before Dean could answer. “You can call me… an intern. Unpaid, but with other benefits. I don’t have any real experience, so I don’t think it should be a problem.”
Castiel pulled him close again, and pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. If anyone saw them, he could pass it off as friendly if he had to. “You’re too perfect, Dean Winchester,” he whispered, “I love you so much.”
, on his shoulder. The region had been at war for some time, and when it finally ended, his mother’s husband brought in new slaves. All women, but for one. It wasn’t a common practice to take boys—they were usually killed rather than sold or taken, and when his mother’s husband was asked about his unusual mercy, he’d grunted and said the gods had willed it.
Castiel couldn’t help kissing him after that. “Before that,” he said once he had pulled away, “There’s something I need to tell you. And then you can decide if you really still want to be with me.”
“I was pretty awesome,” Dean said, his eyes still hidden behind his shades, fixed on the road. His mouth had tugged up a little at the corners, but even Castiel could tell that it wasn’t quite a real smile. He’d watched him enough by now to know the difference.
They had fallen asleep on the couch together, and Castiel awoke, over-warm, sticky, and stiff. It couldn’t have been any later than nine, and he could already feel that the day was going to be sweltering. Dean was still pressed against him, his head tucked against his neck, and apparently slept soundly enough despite the heat.
“How are you?” Castiel asked. He crossed to put his suitcase back together and set it aside before he sat down on the edge of the bed.
When it came time for Dean to swap off with Sam, he brought Castiel along with him to the front office. He probably should have been exhausted; they’d spent the remainder of the afternoon in bed together, catching up on all the years they’d missed, in between heated kisses and reverent caresses. It felt a little like living in a dream, and he decided not to think too much about it, because he didn’t want to spoil things if he didn’t have to. He’d only slept a couple of hours in Castiel’s bed, and then forced himself up to get a shower and go back to his room to change clothes so that Sam couldn’t complain that he was late.
Dean tried not look as startled as he felt when he turned around and came face-to-face with exactly the person he’d been hoping to clap eyes on all night. He was temporarily dumbstruck—completely speechless as he took in the lean figure, arms crossed over his chest, his eyes bright blue, even in the darkness. He had a faint accent, one Dean couldn’t place—he’d never been anywhere else before—but one he was certain wasn’t American.
Let's see, Cas mentions the theatre he gets his first blowie in was described to him as "An Emerald City." I made this euphemism up (I could find no historical basis for it) given that "Friends of Dorothy" was an actual phrase that was popular at the time, it seemed logical to use it as a descriptor for a place where it was common/mostly safe for people with Cas's proclivities to congregate.
Castiel didn’t say anything, just inclined his head to indicate that Sam’s company was welcome enough.
It was slow, at first. His full, slightly chapped lips, pressed gently against Dean’s in that same uncertain way he remembered from before. Maybe if it hadn’t been for that, the memory he’d been living with for years taking shape and becoming solid again, and maybe if Castiel had been forceful with him, hungry and eager, Dean could have pushed him away. Ended it all, stormed out, and saved face.
Dean felt like something inside of him was going to burst, and he quickly tried to fix his mistake, because that wasn’t what he meant. “Cas, that’s not how-”
Sam shook his head too, “Nah. Dean used to though. He was good too. I bet he could’ve gone pro if he had tried. Right, Dean?” He looked across to his brother, and Castiel couldn’t help but look too.
How Anna had lived through any of it, he had no idea. He had only managed to get out of being at her ball by the grace of the fact that he’d been involved in a soccer tournament, and was traveling to a game at the time. Unfortunately, he had dropped the sport almost as soon as he had gotten to college. Pity. Once he realized he had no real escape (his mother had threatened to not only disinherit him, but make him foot his own bill for the expensive art school he was attending if he so much as considered ducking out), he had called to ask Anna for help. She was on the other side of the country, and so couldn’t be forced to attend his public torture, but she had tutted sympathetically, and then told him to suck it up and be happy he didn’t have to do it all in heels.
It was wordless and intense, Dean’s fingers interlaced his as they moved against one another, his kisses swallowing any of the incomprehensible noises Castiel happened to make. He never felt as close to anyone as he did when Dean was like this with him, and he half believed that he’d never have to speak again because after this they’d be psychically linked, their minds melding together as their bodies had. Anything less than that seemed impossible.
“-I know what it means,” Dean said quickly. “How does that even happen to a guy with no interest in anyone?”
In my head, the camera Castiel gets as a gift from Sam and Dean is a Kodak Tourist, but it's a little too new to have been their mother's, so I just left it generic, but if you want to see what it looks like, it's a pretty easy search.
Inias frowned, “Sorry about her. Nothing confirmed. I think money is on Lucky’s guys, but The Banshees have been causing a fair amount of trouble lately, so it’s anybody’s guess. Anna’s just had everyone keep a low profile lately. No going out alone. Jackets only when we’re all together.”
And how could he argue with those long-lashed eyes? Christ. He didn’t stand a chance. If he was going to lose, at least it would be for love.
“All right,” Castiel agreed after a few moments. This coming Wednesday, then. We’ll probably be at the diner, so it’ll be casual.”
“It’s probably safer for you here anyway. I’m assuming you haven’t told him where I live? He’s welcome to try and harm either of you in front of me.” Castiel reached up like he was going to pull a cigarette out of his shirt pocket, agitated by their conversation, and promptly realized that not only had he emptied his pockets in the living room, but that he had removed his shirt when he had come into his room, and still remained shirtless. He sighed heavily and scrubbed a hand through his already disheveled hair as he moved to open the little dresser he had at the foot of his bed.
Sam appeared down the hall and disappeared into the bathroom, and Castiel realized he hadn’t come out of the room at all since Anna had gone. He wondered if it had been intentional. “I should probably finish putting the dishes away.” He had all but forgotten about them after Anna came in. “Sam can probably come out of hiding now,” he told Dean. “I think he's safe from her wrath.”
“Cas,” he managed, and he shook his head just the slightest bit, “I’m broken, man. I’m so messed up, and I’ll probably die here. I’ve come to terms with that. I’m sorry if- if I made things harder for you by not leaving with you, you know I didn’t mean it. I… I cared a lot about you. I never wanted to hurt you. But that was then and I’ve…” he swallowed back the part of him that wanted to give in, because he needed to say this. He needed to put all of this behind him and get on with things. He had a shift later on, and he didn’t want to be thinking about this all night while he worked. “I’ve moved on. I’ve accepted that this is where I am in life, so, you know, I think you should too.” He sniffed and patted Castiel’s hands softly to indicate that the issue had been put to bed, and he should let go of him now. “Good luck with… finding enlightenment or whatever.”
A slow smile crept over Castiel’s features, like he was looking right at his thoughts, or like he was just discovering the way his own name had always been scrawled all over Dean’s heart.
Even with Inias’s lack of prodding, Castiel hadn’t slept well there, and he had walked home at mid-morning while the air had still been heavy, and drizzling rain still misted around him. The sun would eventually burn it all away, but for the time being, it was, decidedly, grey out.
Dean stilled, and Sam looked between them, a curious look on his face, like he could hardly believe his plan was working.
Castiel wanted to hold him. He felt raw and broken, and seeing Dean like that was almost more than he could stand. He stood up, but didn't move. He wasn't sure he had the right to touch him anymore. So he said, "I'm sorry I wasn't there. When your dad… and for all the rest too. I missed you all the time. Constantly. Even when I was trying to forget you. I never stopped missing you."
