“We’re going out tomorrow?” he said before a yawn took over, he was slightly tilted as Steve pushed him through the door.
“Quill said he stole the power stone from Morage,” Rocket said as he sat on the table.
Once Steve swallowed down his meds he glared at Tony, “You wouldn’t have lasted a day,” Steve said, and Tony only shrugged.
“No. No, of course not. No, not a time machine. It's more like a...,” Scott stopped before saying “Yeah, a time machine. I know it's crazy. But I can't stop thinking about it. There's gotta be some way... No, it's crazy.”
Jan spit her drink back into her cup at the word love all the while choking back a laugh, Natasha’s face on the other hand turned red matching her hair, “He can’t be in love with me, we’ve been on three dates and that’s it.”
“I know, but why can’t it be mine,” he answered revealing to Tony the real problem, well not problem, but maybe it was something he could figure out a name for later.
Tony pulled away once he saw Professor Coulson walking towards them, “I’ll be back in maybe five minutes.”
“We’re here to help,” Kamala said as she landed next to her sister, placing Lila, who was now wearing a purple outfit Steve’s never seen before, next to her America running up to them like she’s ready for a fight, just as Miles swings up and lands next to him giving him a pat on the shoulder.
“Yeah normal couple things, we’re still just starting out, I mean I used my lack of math skills just to spend time with you,” Steve admitted, it was the truth, he wouldn’t have passed the class if it hadn’t been for Tony, but that was just the icing on the cake. He really just wanted to spend some time with him.
While Captain America has been adapted into both animated and live-action series the Captain America Movies have grossed over 2.6 million dollars combined since their release. The last movie in the series will be released after the release of the final comic book in 2020.
“Give him some time,” Natasha added though from the look in her eyes, even she knew that it would take a lot for Tony to actually listen to him. This was that wrong place wrong time moment, and it broke his heart to think that he could have lost something good before it even started. “Steve, Tony’s been burned by people before, but if I have to sit him down and talk to him about this I will.”
“No,” Scott answered but Tony knew that it was a lie, the whole plan screamed of something Peter would have thought up, which sent a sharp pain right into his heart.
Bucky stood there for a moment just looking at him before sighing and grabbing his jacket, “Come on, we’re going to go eat first, that way we can get to know each other, and maybe afterwards you can take a nap or something, because you look dead on your feet.”
“What about interviews and all that press stuff that your family does?”
He wondered if he was going to be this lovey dovey with Tony in times of crisis, because this is a crisis if there ever was one. He sighed, texting Tony about what was happening now that he wasn’t behind the wheel of the car. It was weird that Tony wouldn’t answer the phone, even stranger that he wasn’t answering the messages.
“I wasn’t worried too much about him, he was talking a minute ago,” he said but he didn’t want to say what it was about.
“Joe, seriously,” his mother said, and he knew it was because of everything that had happened.
There he was sitting in the hospital waiting room, wondering how everything had gotten out of hand so fast. It had been a regular day he had been thinking about whether that dinner with Tony had been a date or just what it was dinner. People were buying books, and everything was going smoothly, he had even taken the time to look at one of those books his college roommate Clint had told him to. Apparently, Steve was bad at flirting according to everyone, but that still didn’t explain how he was now waiting for Tony to get an x-ray because a customer had elbowed him in the face. It was just supposed to be a normal day, one where he took the chance to actually ask Tony out on a day.
“Yeah, Steve isn’t happy when he’s bedridden,” and hopefully he’ll be able to change that in the future.
“Alright beloved,” he called out as he walked into the room to Steve with his arms crossed over his chest. “Time for your meds.”
“I’ll try my best,” Clint said before walking out of the room to get the suit. Shuri had been the one working with Tony’s nano tech to make the suits a reality, Tony have given her most of the notes in regards to the suits so that she could adjust them to what they needed.
“Want some lunch?” he said to her but she snuck back into her little fort and came out wearing one of the armors that he had been building in his garage, this one for Pepper, since he had finished a prototype armored car for Happy.
“Scott, get this back to the compound,” Tony answered instead of giving Scott the chance at joining them. “Suit up,” he told Steve with a smile.
“Yeah well, Thor had warned us, and Jarvis had wanted to take us shopping for things we would need, but you had been too engrossed in that story of yours to notice and look where we are now,” she said attempting to roll on him enough that he would give up and move. She had always done this, even when she had become more popular and outgoing, she had always rolled on top of him until he agreed to go out. “Come on Tony.”
“You can’t say I hope so, I want you to actually remember the damn thing,” Tony said before going off and explaining the equations all over again. Though this time Steve actually paid attention, trying not to get too distracted by Tony, his hair, the little scars on his hands or how he smelled.
“So, when are you going to see Bucky again,” Tony blurted out, because what’s the use of knowing about the whole thing without using the information, this only caused both Natasha and Jan to looked at him like he was crazy.
“What’s he been doing?” Tony asked as they stood next to Thor.
Tony wanted nothing more than to step away from the man, he had a few bad memories popping up in his head at the moment and it was making him sick all over again. “I’m fine, just, well long hours, and I had a stomach flu recently,” he said, which really wasn’t a lie when he spewed his guts on the pavement not too long ago.
“Tony,” he said answering back taking his hand and shaking it, he wasn’t going to tell the guy that all of his classes were upper level classes, he just wanted to be a normal student without anyone knowing anything about him, genius or otherwise.
Swinging it open he saw the two standing there all smiles, Jan had started at the school the year before and when she had heard that the youngest Starks were joining her, well she had opted to have Natasha as her roommate. Leaving Tony alone with his own roommate, who he still hadn’t had a chance to get to know, and honestly wasn’t in the mood to get to know him. It took too much work getting know people, and he just wanted to write fanfiction and build robots. Plus, he didn’t want the chance to develop a crush on his roommate’s boyfriend, it would cause too many problems.
“I’m not ready to be Captain America either, but I’m okay with us just being Steve and Tony for now.”
“Well let's find out,” he said wondering about their sudden appearance himself.
“Who did you lose,” she asked him, because while he knows that she lost her family, she doesn’t really know who he lost considering he’s still surrounded by those he considers family.
It was Steve’s turn to put Morgan to bed that night, and Tony was happy for it, because his mind was waging a war on itself over the whole thing. So, he started washing the dishes, a habit that Jarvis had gotten him started on, which was something he did when he was overthinking everything. As he’s finishing up, he accidentally drops a plate into the sudsy water, splashing water and soap everywhere. His mind was everywhere, and not very helpful at all, but when he sees the picture of him and Peter, Peter holding his Stark internship certificate upside down, he remembers the kid’s last words.
It was that time of the week, where Steve went to check on Natasha, she refused to give up working, even after him and Tony had settled down, oftentimes talking to the new Avengers, wherever they were. Steve knew that he was going to have to pull her away from the job one day, but he knew just how hard it was for her, the guilt was consuming her at this point. Steve couldn’t make himself speak up as she sat at the table making herself a sandwich while talking to those that they knew who were scattered around the universe. It was still a strange concept for him, even after the trip to the planet that Thanos had been on, that they could have universe-wide communications.
“So, Nat told me, that you should wait at least a day or so before trying to talk to Tony,” Bucky said, and Steve didn’t know what to think about this. “She only said this because I told her about how you had been when we had broken up before freshman year. Tony’s not the kind of person you can bombard like you did with me, she said that you have to try slowly, because he’s going to push you away if you try too much too fast.”
“She must be angry at me about that whole thing,” he said remembering the feeling of Peter fading in his arms. “I’m angry about the whole thing.”
“Stevie was my first everything,” Bucky continued ignoring Tony’s apology. “He was my first friend, first love, first kiss, and I knew it wasn’t going to last from day one, we could be friends, but we sucked as a couple. But I know him better than anyone, so this blindsided me a little.”
“Isn’t it a little too late for that?” Steve asked him as Tony slowly slipped his fingers out, grabbing the lube to slick Steve up for the next round of their little adventure.
“I doubt that, Dad really loves you,” he said, and he knew she loved her husband as much as her husband loved her. “I can tell just from the way he looks at you so I doubt he would actually cheat on you.”
Climbing his way up until his dick was near Steve’s face, Tony slicked up his fingers and smiled at his boyfriend. “Open wide,” he said as he inched his way onto Steve’s lips, though Steve didn’t open his mouth like he had hoped, instead he took a tentative lick, like it was a lollipop that he was going to slowly savor. Tony pushed himself forward a little until Steve opened wide and took him in inch by inch, circling Tony’s dick with his tongue as he did. With a flick of his wrist he opened the bottle up again and poured enough lube into this hand so that he wouldn’t have to touch the bottle again for a while.
“I understand,” Natasha said to him.
“Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends... We lost family... We lost a part of ourselves,” Steve said pulling Tony out of his thoughts. “Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know. But it doesn't mean we should know what to expect.  Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we're gonna win,” Tony couldn’t help but look at his husband, always with the speeches, it made his heart race, he wanted to kiss the man for luck. “Whatever it takes. Good luck.”
Tony couldn’t help but want to laugh, if Steve not wanting to talk about Cap was a sign that he hadn’t liked the character or at least had some kind of reservations about the character as a whole, but him wanting to talk about Iron Man was something else. “Why do you want to know?”
“Where did you get that,” he said, knowing full well that the other man had the same compass in his uniform with a picture of Peggy, still not able to let go of the past.
“I’ll finish the last of it in the morning,” Tony answered, because all he needed to do was clean up the story a little bit, nothing more. “Everything else I finished already,” he actually finished weeks ago, but the other night after his talk with Steve, he decided to scrap his project and start new, which was dumb, because the first project was already done, but he really just wanted to invent something.
The majority of the buildings in Manhattan didn’t have fire escapes, not where they were anyway, hell Tony wasn’t sure which ones had them anymore, stupid glass buildings didn’t even have anything that Steve could have grabbed, and he had gone down like a sack of rocks. Of course, that was when Tony had had enough of the whole fight and blasted the motherfucker off of his freaking horse, it’s a literal floating fucking horse too, like this was some modern medieval fight. He charred the horse too because he wasn’t having it, all he wanted to do was get to Steve, let the others take care of bringing the asshole in.
The armies from Zandar, and the Ravengers came from one of the portals, Duranna and her father heading one of the groups. More and more people he hadn’t known would show up suddenly appeared, Valkyrie flying out on a Pegasus, along with Sif and the rest of Asgard’s warriors. The Wakandan army walking through, he could see Bucky looking at him, a sad look on the man’s face, which meant that Natasha hadn’t come back. Steve wasn’t sure how Bucky knew, but he would have to ask later about it. Next to Buck was Groot, who had landed next to Rocket, just as Wanda walked out, stunned to see Vision standing there next to them.
He looked at the helmet, knowing that he made it, the car, Steve’s suits, the suits for all the kids, everything was made out of a need inside of him to keep everyone he cared about safe. He upgraded all the armors constantly, he made weapons for Natasha, a new arm for Nebula, clothes for the Hulk, pretty much anything he could think of. There were still threats out there, things that could come after them, people hell bent on revenge after the decimation. It was the fear of something happening that caused him to create things for everyone he cared about, even when he himself feared going back to being Iron Man.
“Will do Army,” she said before walking off. There was always a possibility of something going wrong for all of them, but he had thought that it couldn’t have been as bad as what happened on with his small team back in 2012. Now he wasn’t so sure that they all hadn’t gotten off unscathed from this whole ordeal.
“Yeah, but I mean, what are we gonna do? We need him,” Scott said running his hands through his hair.
“I’m sorry,” he said to no one in particular, mostly to himself, because he needed to get through this before they returned, he needed to be there for his teammates no matter what. There was no going back from this anymore, they were at the end of their rope and it hurt.
“Sorry, but the doctor also said that you shouldn’t be on your feet for long,” his father said following her around, as she rubbed her belly.
“I don’t think I can deal with losing them,” he said to Steve, “I already lost on kid, I don’t know what would happen if I lost all of them.”
“I wanted to name her Dory, but mom said she would hate me for it, Daisy was Harley’s idea,” Peter answered the smile still on his face. “Plus, they’re both D names which I think is cool for twins.”
“Are you okay?” Natasha asked Clint as he ran his hand through his hair.
He didn’t ask for anyone to be dusted, he didn’t ask for anything other than more time with his loved ones, and a second chance, he wanted Natasha to have her second chance, he wanted Peter and his friends to grow up normal, he wanted his kids to have never lost their families, and he just wanted Steve to be there with him for the rest of their lives, happy and healthy. Just as the power took over, and the pain set in, he could feel as the blinding light took him, and settled over him. This was his end, and there was nothing to stop it.
“I owe you nothing, you snuck in here without permission, all you get from me is a hug and that’s it.”
“Put him on,” Tony said without hesitation, he remembers when he was trying his best because Wanda was going to need Vision, if the heist went as planned, she would still need him just as much as they would all need each other.
“I didn’t, but if you want it that badly you can have mine,” Steve offered but Bucky made a weird face the moment Tony turned around.
“Hey,” he heard Clint say over the com lines. “I resent that.”
“Well you are the man with a plan,” Tony said never taking his eyes off of those very blue eyes.
“No problem,” he told her, it was the least he could do at the moment, since she had been working on the suits mostly on her own.
“A dominion of death,” Nebula said the stone still holding her attention. “at the very center of Celestial existence. It's where... Thanos murdered my sister.”
“Take it off. Take it off!” Thor yelled out, worried for the man who had been there for him all of this time. To Thor, the Hulk and Bruce weren’t two separate beings, they were everything to him.
“Gotta say, sometimes I miss that giddy optimism,” he said to Steve knowing that it was a jab at how Steve had been when they had first met, “However, high hopes won't help if there's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.”
He couldn’t help but laugh and hug her before he grabbed the shields that T’Challa had given him and put it on, “I don’t want to put all that hard work to waste now do I.”
“I see, an ulterior motive, you want to fatten my up, I see how this is mister I have a six pack even though I’m an art major.”
“How am I special, I’m just myself.”
“Crashing our date are we,” Steve said as Bucky settled in next to them, Natasha sitting on his lap. “Don’t you have something better to do?”
Morgan squealed out a Yay from her seat as they settled into putting the ingredients together, Steve knew that this was what home felt like, warmth and the people he loved. So of course, the moment that they were at their happiest was when everything changed.
“Morag’s a planet, it’s located in the Andromeda Galaxy at the Eclipsing Binary Star, it’s mostly oceanic, and they have these little annoying rodents that get into everything,” Rocket answered Scott, which only made Tony curious because there was so much out there that he could study. “Quill is a person,” he said as an afterthought.
A knock on the door, was all the warning he had before Natasha walked into the small space, “I’m sorry Steve,” she said to him.
“It was to me, I mean, I liked how open you were when we first talked, and it doesn’t hurt that I find you attractive,” he stopped himself before moving to get up. “We can talk about this later, after we get you all fixed.”
“I bet there’s more to this story,” Tony said wanting to know more about Steve’s life, not just the Captain America side of his story.
“Oh, he’s going to answer to us,” Pierce said as if Tony’s mind wasn’t thinking about a million ways to replusor the man. “Odin can have what’s left. And I’m going to need that case, that’s been SHIELD property for over 70 years.”
“Tony, there’s always something that we miss, and you know this,” Steve said to him before closing the book. “It’s just...”
“So, I was thinking,” Ty said as they all started to pack up after class. “That you could come over to the Library today and we could work on the midterm project. Get an early start on it and everything.”
“It wasn’t really a date, I mean, I don’t know why I called it that,” Tony felt his cheeks heat up, he just wanted to tell Steve the truth for some reason. Instead of being put out by what he had said Steve just grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the campus store a really big smile on his face.
“Vision has stated that he would like to use the powers that he had lost,” Friday said to them. “He wants to be of use if another battle should arise.”
“You know you’re terrible at keeping secrets,” she said to Miles. “I mean I already know that Steve is your dad, no kid in those dorms have a picture with Iron Man and Captain America, it’s impossible especially since they’ve been out of the spotlight for five years now.”
“I’ve got some here,” Steve said handing him a bottle as he placed the tray on the bed, “I’m not going to keep you plugged until tomorrow, I think I got a little too excited since we’ve been… well you know.”
Tony didn’t remember much from the first few months after the team had returned from wherever it was that Thanos had run off to. He doesn’t remember the drive to the lake house, only the moment that Steve had kneeled down next to him and talked to him. He worked on the house with Steve, but there had been days when he would find himself just sitting there doing nothing because he remembered how Peter would send him message after message about what he had been doing around Queens as Spiderman. Steve constantly pulling him out of his head whenever he got too deep into the memories.
“Maybe it doesn't need to be done,” he tells her, knowing that maybe it was time that they let go of the life that held them to the Avengers.
“Just like that,” Bruce questioned, and Tony knew that it had more to do with his current problems controlling the Hulk.
“I’m also certain that there were planes falling out of the sky when it had happened,” Scott Lang said from across the room, which made Tony think just how the stone picked who stayed and who went.
“You can’t go camping in this weather,” Peter said over the phone, his voice muffled as Harley tried to take the phone from him. “Damn it Harley, let me talk...” Peter said before his voice came back on the phone. “Steve it’s cold outside, your balls would shrivel up and fall off.”
As he was leaving the room, he could hear the guy yelling out, he knew he was in trouble and it wasn’t just because of Tony he had been caught with his hands down his pants by Natasha of all people. The guy was lucky that she hadn’t outright killed him right then and there, but that was only because Steve had stopped her, and he really didn’t want to be the one that had to deal with the cops because she had murdered someone.
The rest of the night they watched movies, well at least Tony was sure that Steve had watched something, because after the food and then the shower, Tony had been so tired that he had passed out on the bed in Steve’s arms.
“But it’s nice to give something to your boyfriend’s parents,” Tony looked around when they drove down Main Street. “At least a flower shop, please, I want to make a good impression.”
“Yeah, I figured we could have dinner, and afterwards we could go camping and look at the stars.”
It was strange to listen to Bruce talk about the Hulk as two different people, but Steve knew it was the truth, he had seen the differences in the two of them, and honestly, he wouldn’t trade one for the other either. They had learned long ago that they needed to treat them as such, and he was glad that Bruce himself had learned to do the same. He could tell that Scott and Hope wanted to ask more questions, they all had questions about something, but they didn’t have the time. Once everyone was ready, they were going to have to move forward with this.
Just as he reached the elevator it opened forcing him to rush into a nearby office as the woman from the elevator rushed off with a guard. They were talking about him and Tony and he wasn’t sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing. He was stuck and he wasn’t sure if he was going to have the chance to get out and meet Tony before they caught the two of them.
As you know from the movie, there's a time jump.... well there's a time jump here as well, and that's the next chapter!
Everyone went off towards the lab, Tony stayed behind with the kids, as Shuri stood next to him. They were silent for a while, the sun rising in front of them, nothing but possibilities, an endless future, one that they were going to alter for the sake of saving billions of lives.
“Hold your horses Steve, I need something to drink,” Tony told him before rolling forward and grabbing a bottle of water from the mini fridge. “I’ve never talked this much in my life.”
“Garage,” she was pointing in the direction of his workshop with a small smile.
“Buck, can you keep an eye on the store, call in Phil if you have to, I know it’s his day off, but he can help you guys close the store at the end of the night,” Steve said as Bucky nodded, “Sam you know how to close the café right?”
“Whatever man, at least they’re not like your parents who I swear hate me with a passion, my parents still like you,” Bucky said throwing a stick at Steve but hitting Tony because of course he was the one sitting in front of Steve.
“It’s not, at least not for me, I want to be with you.”
Too deep in his thoughts Morgan touched his face and gave him her little sideways smile, Steve said that she learned it from him, but he was never really sure about anything. Morgan had developed little quirks, not just from him, but from Steve, and to Tony’s dismay, she had that puppy eyed look that Steve had patented over the years to get Tony to do anything and everything that they wanted him to do. It was how they had convinced him to build things for them, toys for Morgan, a new art studio for Steve, they even used their powers of evil for things for their other three kids. But he loved them all the same, even more as they all became closer as a family.
“Good for Uncle Rhodey, now go to bed. Or I'll sell all your toys,” he said knowing the lie wouldn’t phase her. “Night, night.”
“Because before, you didn’t have me,” Carol said looking Bruce in the eye, almost like she was willing the Hulk to challenge her. Tony was still uncertain about what she was, she wasn’t air force, not anymore anyway.
By the end of the day he was ready to pass out, there wasn’t enough coffee in the world to keep him up, but he knew that Ty would be waiting for him and he wasn’t going to let the guy down, not when he was being so nice to him. Plus, Tony wanted to see what they were going to write, he hadn’t worked with anyone after Natasha stopped writing with him, so it would be great to have someone to bounce ideas off of for once. Sitting down at his desk he pulled out a granola bar and a cold brew coffee, all the while packing up his laptop and his special projects notebook, in case he had an idea for his robot, or even the A.I. he had been coding.
He was joking, it was great, because they had been successful on their mission, but before he could make it out the door, the side door slammed open pushing him to the ground as the case slid away.
“Don’t break the bed Steve,” he said before slowly rising and pushing mini Cap into him. He didn’t open himself up enough for this, but he wanted to feel the burn, it had been too long since they’ve had this and he wanted to feel every part of it. Under him, Steve’s hips bucked up, pushing Steve’s dick further and further in, Tony was quick and pressed the button on his watch to activate the vibrator, which only made Steve push up until he was fully inside of Tony.
“We want our families back,” Lila said a sadness in her eyes, “I want my dad to stop looking so sad.”
When he had told Bucky that he was moving back to the city, well Buck was happy to hear that he had finally decided to leave the army. Bucky had left when he had been twenty-five, after losing his arm in active combat, though now he sported a prototype arm from Stark Industries. Bucky swore that it was better than having a real hand, though he had it tattooed with all kinds of things, so no one actually thought it was fake at all. Bucky had taken over his parents’ café, which was next door to Steve’s Nana’s bookstore, and so the two of them thought that they could combine the two stores and create a staple bookstore in the heart of the city. Both were close to several nearby colleges and they constantly had students in the store, so why not have one store altogether.
“Well there was a rumor that one of the Stark kids was at the school this year, and I saw her walking around and automatically knew it was her,” Sam told him and Steve had just realized that he had missed this. He remembered Tony had been sitting with two girls earlier but he usually only saw him whenever he was around so he may have missed a lot.
“Have you seen Steve,” Bucky asked someone near the door, but Tony didn’t hear the answer. “He’s in the kitchen,” Bucky told him before pushing him towards the kitchen at the other end of the house, he watched as Bucky turned back towards Natasha and kissed her before motioning for Tony to go and talk to Steve.
“He’s into him,” Natasha said with a smile as she finished with the napkins and moved onto the sugar. Bucky was behind the counter putting the pastries into the display, a smirk on his face. “You can tell because while he says one thing to us, he’s running commentary in his head.”
“Okay, but remember the kids are all coming over for dinner, so we all have to stop before they come over, I don’t want them messing with anything,” Tony said, when they had started working on this project they all put time aside for the kids to come visit, a moment for all of them to not have to think about what they were about to try and pull off.
“He's pretty good at that,” Rocket said with a smirk.
Sharon instead walked over to one other the other workstations and pulled out a machine that he hadn’t ever seen, “This was where we found Fury’s car, when we found it, well it was on and there was a symbol on it, the same one that’s on her outfit.”
Soon after, Peter started questioning Tony about his projects at school, Steve watching him with a fond expression, and it was nice to talk about his work. Steve had told him that one of his favorite things to do is listen to him talk about his bots, his stories, or just anything that he was working on.
“Who is the character you have with Captain America on your wall?”
Steve dropped off his duffle bag in his attic bedroom, sighing as he listened to Sam and Bucky bicker a floor below. His room was the same as it had been when he had gone home for the summer, his easel in the corner, his drafting desk, which he had made in high school, against the vaulted wall. He had gotten his supplies delivered the week before, and even drove down to bring them to the house. He sighed looking at his room, his younger brothers not around yelling and screaming at one another. He liked the quiet that came with going to college sometimes. Taking one more look around he smiled before going to help Bucky move into the dorms.
“Nah, she had a last minute thing with her friend Jan and her mom, from what she had told me, Tony had been left alone all weekend,” Bucky said looking at him, but Bucky didn’t really see him in fact Steve was sure that Buck wouldn’t have, because mention his girl and everything went out the window. But the thought of Tony being alone made Steve feel bad for him, he couldn’t imagine what it would have been like for Tony, even with having siblings, Steve would have guessed that one of them would have been there. He was going to ask another question, but Bucky had fallen asleep again, and Steve wasn’t in the mood to wake him.
The cab ride to the bookstore had been a long one, S.I. was in Midtown, whereas the store was in Greenwich Village near his apartment. Yes, he could have lived in the tower like his parents, but honestly there was something about having his own brownstone that made life a little bit better. Plus, he reinforced the place when he brought it, so that he could play loud music in his workshop and blow things up at the same time. So far no one has really complained, but then again, they couldn’t hear him in the first place, so it was okay.
“By all means,” Natasha said. “Careful with that thing.”
“I saw you with another girl, at your so-called party,” Tony said his heart breaking all over again. “There’s no way around that.”
“My Aunt Peggy is Tony’s Godmother, we grew up together,” Sharon said before walking over and pulling Tony into her arms. “And if I had known that you were the one that Steve had a crush on, I wouldn’t have tried to take him away from you,” she told Tony. “But I guess it’s more your fault since I didn’t even know that you were going to this school.”
Tony nodded at him and looked out at the trees. “This place is different, how did you find it?”
“I can hear you thinking over there,” Tony said from the bed, his voice hoarse as his eyes stayed close. “I’m in pain but I’m not stupid enough to not know when you’re standing there.”
“Anyway, let’s get some snacks in here,” Tony said trying to keep the moment that Bruce and Thor were having between the two of them.
“DUM-E,” Morgan squealed as she ran after the bot, while covered in foam.
“I’ve known since before you started at this school, and so fucking what,” Ty answered and of course this would be the case. “My parents told me to get close to the Stark kid, but I thought it would have been harder for me to get anywhere near you, I didn’t think you’d be in my department, I was surprised that you were in my class. It worked in my family’s favor in the end considering your dad and mine are in talks over something, and all my dad had to do was mention that we were classmates.”
“Uncle Rhodey,” she said with a smile.
“Not lying, my dad asked me before my mom went into labor,” Steve said holding his hands up, “I was going to wait until Christmas to tell Tony, but with all of the excitement I figured what better time to tell him.”
“Good luck, Scott. You got this,” Steve said reassuring the man only to have Scott smile at him in that weird fanboy smile had had gotten the first time they met.
“The playtime protocol,” has been activated.
The door swung open again and his roommate stood there looking at him, “We need to talk,” Bucky said, and Tony knew that this was the moment where he would lose his first college friend, all because he fell for their ex-boyfriend.
“We will,” Steve told them, but Tony could see the redness in his eyes, and he couldn’t take it anymore, he stood up and walked away going to the one place he could feel at peace, but the moment he saw her room, the door wide open, clothes thrown all over the place, he couldn’t help himself he walked in and sat at the edge of her bed.
“What do you think is coursing through my veins right now?” Thor said trying to make himself feel like the bigger man, and not the man who has been struggling with defeat for five years.
Tony stayed quiet instead, focusing his attention to his tablet, he had made his own after the one that had been put out by S.I. wasn’t fast enough, it also had a working holographic display, but he never used it around anyone, not even his own family. He was always afraid of his father taking any of his inventions for himself, so Tony had kept the shell of the tablet before taking apart everything inside and putting in his own hardware.
“Boss,” FRIDAY’s voice sounded off in the workshop. “Queen Shuri is calling, she says that it’s in regards to Vision.”
“When we returned from Morag, I noticed something different about Nebula,” Carol said and Steve couldn’t help but wonder how different Nebula had been acting for Carol to notice and not Tony, but then again they had found out about Natasha soon after getting back so if Tony had noticed anything it had been quickly overshadowed by Nat’s death.
Shuri nodded before taking the handlebars on the wheelchair and moving him towards the door, “Let’s go see if we can revive him then.”
“It’s not so much that he’s a free spirit,” Tony said to him, understanding where Steve was coming from. “It’s more that he’s guarded against other things, it could be that because you guys lived in a place that was so small, where everything you do is looked at closely, that you hide certain parts of yourself, and at some point, those parts have to come out.”
“Daddy and I were in the garage, and we wanted to make the TV better, but something happened and then DUM-E sprayed us,” Morgan was telling them when he got downstairs. Both girls looked up at him and were trying their damnedest not to laugh, they failed horribly.
“That’s very sweet of you,” his mother said smiling at all of them. “I’m glad that all of my children are happy.”
“Wait a minute, you mean to tell me that you’ve been hiding from me because of this?” she asked him.
“So,” Steve put his arms around him, while kissing him on his temple. “How many kids do you think that we’re going to end up with?”
“Okay but you owe me.”
Once Nat was out the door and on her way to meeting Jan, Tony told Jarvis to go home, acting like he didn’t really care if he was alone, so when Jarvis had given him a small smile and a promise to stop by with leftovers Thursday night, he had just pushed him out the door and told him to enjoy his time off. So, for the first time in his life, Tony was completely alone in a house that was normally filled with his family. His mother would have insisted that he had joined her and Natasha, but he didn’t want to intrude on that, his brothers would have told him to join any one of them wherever they were, but he didn’t want to be a part of the Stark family machine. It was actually nice to not have to live up to his name, but it was still very lonely.
“Yes, can you stop by my office in a few minutes, there is something I would like to discuss with you about your story.”
He knew what Tony was going to think about, the fact that he hadn’t been able to save the kid, and now that they couldn’t reverse it he also knew that they were all going to have to deal with the aftermath of what their separation had caused. Survivor’s guilt was something Steve was already suffering from, it had alleviated a little when Bucky had come back, but now he was certain, not just for himself but for all of them, that they were going to have to figure out how to move on from losing so much. He excused himself once the ship was in the air, hiding in the room that Tony had used as his workshop. He knew from the moment he stepped inside because Tony left little bits of himself there.
“Right you have brothers, I’ve seen them, and one of them is a fucking bulldozer,” Bucky said giving Steve a scared look before sitting down on his bed.
“That's a good point. That's a good point,” Rocket said, they had all been stretched thin over the last couple of years after the snap happened.
“I don’t know about this,” Tony said but Steve just pulled him towards the door. “The last time I came here it was a disaster.”
Miles gained a godmother, in May Parker, who had come over several times after losing Peter, sharing her grief with Tony. She saw Miles’ heart, and how he wanted to help, in him she saw some parts of Peter, but she embraced him as his own person, often working with Miles and Steve on gallery openings, or a mural that she wanted them to paint somewhere in the city.
“Yes,” Steve said do him and Tony wasn’t sure if he wanted to see this version of Cap, it wasn’t that he cared about what Cap looked like, it was just that thinking of Steve in that way would give into his childhood fantasies, the ones where he would be at Captain America’s side, fighting the bad guys, and eventually falling for the guy. “I want you to see them, but I also want you to see something else.”
The rest of his day, if you could call endless meetings a day, was spent at Stark Industries, Pepper was on him for a million different R & D projects, while his father had him speaking with the board to assure them that yes he took his role in the company seriously, but he still wanted to teach and they couldn’t really stop him. It was fulfilling to him to shape young minds, plus he liked having them become interns at S.I. they had good ideas and the summer internship program was a good starting point for all of them.
It was one thing to hear that there was a commotion on the floor of the store, it was another thing to come out of his office and see Natasha pulling a guy out of a chair, a guy whose pants fell to the ground the moment he was standing, just before the guy clocked Tony on the face with his elbow. He had moved faster than he could think, Thor grabbing the guy’s pants and yanking them up as the nearby parents took their kids towards the café at Sam’s persuasion, luckily, he had gotten to them before the guy’s pants had dropped with the offer of coffee for the parents and cookies for the kids.
, Yinsen had told him all of those years ago, and it made him wonder had he wasted his life doing this, becoming Iron Man. He hadn’t, but if he couldn’t fix what had happened, he wasn’t sure if he would be able to survive the guilt.
“Fine,” he said once he stopped, “I’ll schedule Darcy for an opening shift and you can pick her up here.”
“You know, just so we're talking about the same thing -”
The girls set up a tea party for Morgan out on the front porch of the house, Tony’s thoughts still going a mile a minute when he sees them. It calms him in so many ways, he loves his kids, he hadn’t known when they had come into his life if he would have been a good father, but now, years later, while they’re all healthy and happy, he knew that he had done a good job. Both him and Steve had strengths in certain areas, Steve being the one to mostly discipline them, Tony being too soft on them for certain things, they’re both encouraging when it comes to the kids’ individual talents, but also implemented things like martial arts and having them have at least one artistic passion. They were good parents, and he wouldn’t give up any of it for the world.
Steve’s face was flushed, and Tony just wanted to kiss him because god could Steve get any hotter from being embarrassed, “I know,” Steve said before bending down and kissing Tony on the lips before Tony could kiss Steve himself. “I guess, I just want people to know that we’re together.”
“It was a mild subduction under the African plate,” Okoye said to her, a worried look on her face.
Tony looked up at him, those big brown doe eyes that Steve loved stared back, he was honestly afraid that Tony was going to reject him, except there was something in those eyes, something that Steve hoped was a good sign. Tony gave him a shy smile before putting his head next to Steve’s beating heart, he really wasn’t sure if Tony was checking to see if it was genuine or not, and if he could he would kiss the brunette.
“Night Steve, and thanks for walking me home,” Tony told him as Steve gave him one of those megawatt smiles.
“He still has his kids.”
“Don’t worry, I’m having dinner with my sister tonight, we have a tradition, but thanks,” Tony said before turning to his bed, and facing away from him before speaking to Bucky. “Oh, um is it James or Bucky?” Steve watched as Bucky talked to his roommate, not knowing why he already a little jealous that Bucky had Tony as a roommate.
“Oh, look who’s up,” he heard Rhodey say from the door.
Steve couldn’t figure out if Tony Stark was a real person, he had just blurted out a million things that Steve really shouldn’t know, and yet he found it oddly adorable. Even more now that he knew that the Tony his grandmother had talked about him meeting one day was actually the same one standing in front of him. His grandmother was always a matchmaker, she always wanted her grandchildren to have nothing but happiness, hell Steve was sure that his cousins all met their significant others because of their grandmother’s meddling.
“No,” he shook his head, never turning to meet her eyes. “We knew the risks of going after him, we knew that it was likely that either he would die or we would.”
“Oh, I never thought of it that way,” all he had done was created a story where he would work with Cap, he hadn’t known it could have any kind of impact on anyone especially the person it had been based on.
“Not really, but if it’s with her I think I would, she gets this sparkle in her eyes when she talks about being in the Nutcracker.”
“Don’t worry too much, I’ve got this covered,” he said dragging Tony to the car.
“We don’t know,” Natasha said to the room. “That’s the problem we have here, we don’t know where this is, why he went there or anything about what his ultimate plans were.”
“Yeah with Tony’s sister,” Steve said and Tony choked on his coffee, because while he knew that Natasha was dating Bucky, he was never sure if Bucky knew that she was his sister, which only confirmed his theory when Bucky looked at him all wide eyed. “You didn’t know?”
“Nothing, it’s just been a long day,” Steve answered, never turning to greet the person, it had really been one of those days, but it wasn’t his fault, he hadn’t gotten enough sleep, and not he was wondering if he actually had a stalker posing as Tony Stark.
“But we’ll die in this kind of cold.”
“The bee is in the hive,” Tony said into his com, as he watched the Avengers get into the elevator, only to laugh when he saw the Hulk try to get in there as well. That same elevator would be upgraded for when the Avengers moved into the tower a few months later, mainly because of what had happened that day.
“Let me work on it and come back in an hour, hopefully I can fix it and add to it as well,” he told him pushing Ty off of him and towards his cart before turning to the notebook, as he turned on his computer.
“But what are you talking about?” Steve asked wondering where they were going with the whole explanation.
“Yeah after my three o’clock class finishes, which is usually around five,” Bruce said, which would give Tony a reason to go to the store, just because Bruce would be there. “What happened?” Bruce asked which meant that Tony would have to actually address the problem at hand.
“No, we don't say that. Only daddy says that word. I coined it, it belongs to me,” he said trying to defuse the situation, he didn’t want Steve to hear her saying the word, he didn’t want the wrath of his husband because he taught their youngest how to curse.
“It’s a miniaturized arc reactor,” Tony said even though he knew that it didn’t explain everything, hell he never told his father about his plans to make the reactor at the power plant more cost efficient, his father would say that it was impossible. “Okay, so I never wrote about Iron Man’s origins, although I’ve wanted to, I just didn’t think that people were interested. This is the first time I’m writing it into the story because I wanted to create a deeper relationship between the two of them.”
“Wait, are you talking about a time machine?” Steve continued to ask questions, living with Tony for five years turns you into someone who questions everything, because if you don’t Tony would blow something up without thinking.
“You know, you two are made for each other,” Rhodey said as stepped out of the War Machine suit. “They’re two idiots that’s what they are.”
“It’s me, when am I not looking at any part of your anatomy?”
“There’s more to SHIELD than what Fury told us,” Nat said to him while the holoscreens worked in front of her. “I feel like even when we dug up all of their secrets that there were things that had been deliberately left out.”
“Do you know why? Or do you think that she’s just particular about the people she’s with?”
“Uh, is anyone else seeing this?” he heard Pepper’s voice, only to turn and see Peter being overwhelmed.
“Have you told Pepper about the suit?”
“Very funny Tony, but with our kids, Clint’s kids, Pepper and Happy, as well as all of the other Avengers, we basically have a family to feed, and I want everyone to be full and happy before we head out tomorrow.”
“Who was your first?”
Clint at that moment broke down, the tears started coming down fast and faster, “It was supposed to be me. She sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone. She bet her life on it,” he said, and Tony knew that Clint would have sacrificed anything just to see his wife again, he was near suicidal and Natasha had given him a second chance at living happily with his family.
Bruce on the other hand just hit himself with the palm of his hand as if this was the worse way to bring it up. Instead he sighed and looked over at Thor, “Listen Thor, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about this.”
“Let me think about it,” he said instead of what his mind was telling him, because he needed a moment to get his head on straight.
“You were thinking of leaving, but... I....”
“I still don’t understand why you gave up M.I.T. to go to some small school, but as long as you’re happy, I’ll let it slide. Even though we could have been roommates and all,” Rhodey was guilt tripping him, Tony knew this, though it was a joke it still felt like coming home.
There was something funny about hearing Steve’s parents' bicker, mainly because his parents never argued or did anything like that around them, though his father giving his mother puppy eyes had been enough for Tony to ignore them most days. It’s sweet when your parents still loved and cared for one another but sickening to walk in on them doing things that shouldn’t be seen by their own kids. He was nervous, which was normal... it was normal right... oh geez he wasn’t sure, he hoped that Steve’s mother liked the flowers.
Sighing to himself, he put the finishing touches to their lunch and made his way out to the front yard, “Chow time!” he called out but Morgan didn’t answer. “Morgoona,” he said hearing the soft giggle of his little girl. “Morgan H. Stark, come out come out wherever you are.”
“His oldest brother is Bruce, he works in medical technology and research, then there’s Hank who is a doctor, Scott is an engineer,” Bucky said and honestly Tony was amazed, even Steve’s brothers were smart. “Then comes Steve, and after that there’s Peter and Harley who are the youngest and still in school.”
Up Next.... My Doctor Potts and Captain Stevens wishful thinking....
“I just got out of work, but we’ll take a nap and then get some food okay,” Steve said, and Tony nodded before snuggling into his chest. Steve hadn’t realized that he was tired until the warmth of Tony against him lulled him to sleep.
“Well.... you see,” Miles starts before looking to his sisters for help.
“He wash goin affer her,” Tony said, his speech slurred but it was nice to know that Tony would defend someone without thinking about it.
“Let’s do it,” Hulk said as he looked out at all of them.
“Hey,” Steve said, that million watt smile that Tony loved so much on his face. “We came to pick you up, Natasha said something about a fitting, even though I told her I could just wear one of my regular suits,” honestly, Tony had forgotten about the whole suit fitting the moment his professor had called him.
There's no do-overs .  We're not going anywhere else.
“Yeah, and I don’t much care for it, but we need to give the others some time to dig themselves out,” he told the god who nodded at him.
It was strange that they had found a rhythm to their lives, going on dates, learning to talk everything out, even going to therapy. Steve started a small survivor’s group in the city, and would drive down every single Monday at speeds that Tony had said were outright illegal, even though he drove just as fast as Steve did. It had become their new normal, so of course after a year of being together Steve had decided on proposing to Tony. Life was too short for them to question anything in their lives, so Steve took Tony to Cambridge, to his alma mater, because Tony had heard about some projects that the students were doing as a part of the September foundation. One of the students, a young girl who was just starting, was helping Steve with his proposal, they had met the first time by accident, Steve had been trying to find a way to propose and ended up driving in the wrong direction ending up in Massachusetts instead of upstate New York, because he had been thinking too hard. It had given him the chance to get to know a place that had shaped Tony’s life for so long, but he was still wandering around a city he didn’t know and had run into a young teenage girl who just so happen to be one of the school’s youngest students.
“But you hate it, and you have a freshman for a roommate this year,” Steve said knowing it was weird, but actually a common thing for some upperclassmen to room with incoming freshmen.
She patted him on the back as she let go, “This is going to work Steve,” she said before walking off towards the ship that Tony had gotten out of, the ship that had kept him alive and helped him make allies, the one that could bring him a new hope or his death.
“No, and don’t even think about going anyway, you’re under orders to stay in bed for the next few days. So, if I see you step into that building, I’m going to have someone tie you to the bed,” she said before giving him a stern look and walking towards the door. “I’ll call to check on you later.”
Tony couldn’t help the smile on his face, he had always had girlfriends, even though he had known that he was bisexual since he was eight, he had had a crush on Rhodey before he thought better of it and just wanted to be friends, and they were better as friends than anything more, but this was the first time he was truly surprised at how much Steve being jealous over a sweater turned him on. It was stupid, and he really liked it, he took off Rhodey’s sweater and changed it for Steve’s, it was dark blue, with white lettering, but the red and white stripes on the sleeves made it all the better. It made it look like Captain America’s sweater, and Steve Rogers no matter how much he tried to deny it, was Captain America in a lot of ways.
He didn’t really want to let go of Tony’s hand, but he wanted Tony to see what he had done, mainly because for the longest time, Steve hadn’t wanted to create anything like the superheroes he had grown up with. Pulling Tony towards the bed, he sat him down before going to his drafting table and grabbing the sketchbook he had been using all weekend and handing it to Tony.
“They’ve been gone less than five minutes and now you bring up cookies,” Tony held Morgan close, shrugging his shoulders. “Yeah sure why not. Morguna what kind of cookies do you want to make with your dad and your pops?”
There's something weird happening at the store
"No, I wanna do it right,” Hope said to him. “We're gonna need a really big brain.”
“They’re asleep in his room,” she said to him her hands nervously moving to fix something around her. “They’ve been there all night, from the moment I told them that I was going to drag their father kicking and screaming back to the states.”
“We need to go,” Tony said looking around, wondering who had a car and could take them, but he also saw the look in his mother’s eyes as she spotted his phone. “Crap.”
The next morning as his students walked into class, he saw that his phone had a million notifications from Instagram, he couldn’t check his account, not when he had a classroom filled with students, but he would look at it later.
“You know your dad never really explained much about what had happened to that character, the change and all of that,” he added, because honestly, he was curious about it too, the change had happened so dramatically, but it ended up working in the comic book.
“I’ll never get used to that,” he says to Steve while washing his face on the open fountain, they had found themselves in front of.
“I don’t really know; I mean he was attached to the kid long before he brought him into the fight two years ago.”
“Yeah it was her favorite, mom had been so proud if her for it,” Tony had remembered that day, mainly because he had been proud of her too, but also because he had learned all of the musical pieces and played them for her on the piano so that she could practice at home. He hadn’t realized just how much he misses hanging out with his sister, but he knew that this whole separation thing would have happened eventually.
“She’s right Tony, it will be healthy for all of us to get through this by talking, maybe Sam could do it if this time travel heist works,” Steve said while slowly rubbing circles around Tony’s back. Tony who was still pouting leaned into his touch.
“That would work very well,” Steve said to him, it was weird for Tony to be this close to Steve without them working on something for Steve’s class, or without Bucky being there to annoy them.
“I created him, I guess as a way to put myself in the same world as Captain America,” Tony said sitting at his desk, looking up at the image of the metal man.
“The thing is, and I know it’s weird, but I honestly think that she’s it for me,” Bucky said as he leaned back on his bed while messing with the metal band on his wrist, the five-pointed red star in the middle reminded Tony of the Winter Soldier in the comic books. “I know we’re young, but I feel a connection to her that I’ve never felt before.”
Steve nodded at him and sat down on Tony’s bed, his back against the wall, Tony sat down right next to him, his body touching Steve’s, his heart beating wildly, if he could stay that way forever he would, but instead he pulled up his latest story, one that had been inspired by him meeting Steve. Tony had been thinking about writing one where Iron Man reveals his identity to Captain America, even writing himself into the role.
“Sorry,” he grunted as he sat on the floor and rubbed his big toe through his shoe.
“No even to see your girlfriend?”
“She said her last name was Romanoff,” Bucky said and Tony wasn’t sure what to think, she was too good at hiding who she was when she didn’t want people to associate her with her own family, hell hadn’t that been what he had been doing all semester.
“Is that everyone?” Doctor Strange said as a tired looking Wong stood next to him.
“No, it’s none of your business,” he said trying to keep his cool over it, he didn’t want to get angry at Sam.
“Boss, wake up,” FRIDAY called but the pain was enough to knock him out.
“I think so too,” she said before walking off to the little area they had made into the children’s section, complete with silly carpet and everything.
“I have stuff in my hands,” Bucky threw his backpack on his bed along with a stack of books. “Let’s go to the dining hall and eat so that we can deal with that math homework already.”
“I want you to have this,” he said taking out his dog tags, the only thing he still carried around from his past. “I want you to give them back to me when I step off of that ship, just to remind me that I’m home.”
“But what would I write about that’s not Captain America related?” he asked while pulling away, he was stressed about it, he knew this, but he also wanted to make her proud.
Just as Tony rolled over to sit up, Nat sat down next to him before Steve could, smiling up at the blonde. “I’ll go get us some food,” Steve said before leaning down and kissing Tony on his head, before putting on his pants, which only left him blushing as Steve left the room. He hadn’t realized that Steve had been in his boxers, and when he pulled up his comforter, he saw that he was also in his boxers… the Captain America ones. Which was completely embarrassing, especially since he was sure that they weren’t made anymore.
If sleep was what he had wanted, he would have gotten at least a few peaceful minutes before Natasha would show up but in the end, it didn’t happen since Tony had been rudely awakened by Natasha’s insistent pounding on his door.
“Well,” Tony said averting his eyes before they landed on the little box on the bedside table. “I was going to bring this up with you earlier this week, but you just had to be an asshole and jump in the way during that fight.”
“Why does it feel like when we think we’ve seen it all there’s always something there to pull the rug out from right under us?” Steve said looking over at the group.
When he got to the last page he saw the twenty dollar bill, the one that Tony had snuck into the tip jar all those weeks ago, under it what he saw was his own message to Steve, the paper was a little worn as if Steve had spent a long time trying to figure out what it was before he found the answer. Steve could have spent the money, he could have done anything with it, instead he put it somewhere he would always be able to find it.
“Use you’re words my love,” Steve said, but all Tony could do was mumble in coherent words, the word love would have been enough to send him over the edge if it weren’t for that fucking ring, he was going to melt it down to nothing after this.
“Sure, tomorrow night,” Steve answered.
Is this good? I have no clue, but it's what I wanted to happen, I want Nat alive and everyone struggling to be happy while everything is happening. What will happen to Tony, well you'll find out in the next chapter!!
“It’s a really small world,” Sam said, and Steve hummed his agreement.
He couldn’t help but laugh at that, “So, what are their names?”
“I do not,” he said in his own defense.
If anyone had told him that he would be teaching part-time and working as the head of research and development for Stark Industries at the same time, well Tony would have laughed it off. But in reality, that’s exactly what he was doing, because his parents ran the company and Tony honestly wanted to just invent. They allowed him that much, he was still young, he didn’t need to be the head of the company just yet. So, he taught at one of the local colleges, even though NYU had wanted him but he really couldn’t deal with their need to exploit his family name.
“Thor and Rocket are going to get the Aether, Nat and Clint are going to get the soul stone, and Nebula, Rhodey, and Carol are going to get the power stone.”
“Give them to me, I’ll make something special out of them,” Steve winked at him as he said it and Tony wasn’t sure if he trusted his own boyfriend at the moment.
Steve smiled at him, and it was all it took to give him a little confidence, he knew that he was trying to lighten up the mood even though everyone they knew was currently buried under the compound. The glove lost somewhere in there as well, and as long as Thanos didn’t have it, then they were going to fight to keep it from him. They both turned and walked towards where Thor was currently standing, the rubble not stopping him from looking at a figure not far in the distance. Even from where he was Tony knew that the bastard was smug as shit, he saw his plan worked, that in their time he had succeeded.
“Yeah I guess,” Bucky sighed. “Maybe it just wasn’t my thing.”
“No, no, no. There's no other options.
“If you hurt him though, I know where to hid a body, and no one will ever find you,” she said before getting up and walking out of the room, leaving him dumbstruck right where he sat.
“No,” Tony said to him before looking down at the carpeted floor. “Listen have your moment, I’m not stopping you.”
“Bruce, you weren’t made for anything,” Hope said to him. “We’re all just here because of circumstance, it could have been anyone.”
“I was thinking about it.”
Please don't hurt me.
“No, I didn’t.”
“Doctor Strange,” Bruce said to her.
“I wanted to talk to the both of you about something,” Professor Coulson said, all the while Tony wondered what kind of character the man would be if he were in the Captain America comic books, probably someone who worked closely with Director Fury, it probably had something to do with the whole authority figure thing. “Mr. Stone,” Professor Coulson continued pulling Tony away from his thoughts about the comic books he read. “I read through your story, and it’s a fantastic piece of work,” Ty looked over at Tony with a wide smile on his face, as if he knew this was coming. “But I can’t help but see some similarities to Mr. Stark’s writing, almost as if he worked on this story as well.”
“The doctors said that she’s dilated at what 8 or 9,” his father turned, when he was worried about something, he tended to forget things very easily, his mother being in her late forties meant this was a risky pregnancy, so of course it meant that his father would worry himself into exhaustion.
“We have to try Tony,” Steve said to him, taking his hand, while Tony’s other hand gripped the wheel of the car. “I know you’re scared, I’m as scared as you are, but we can’t live like this anymore and you know it. It’s the reason why you worked on the time travel paradox or whatever that is.”
Unfortunately for Tony, he couldn’t implement his plans because Pepper had shown up and dragged him away to his office in the tower. The office was a part of Stark Industries’ administrative floors, and thirty stories down. He hadn’t signed or looked at any paperwork in weeks, not since the first of his toys had arrived. Mainly it was because he was busy with work for S.I. and the Avengers, but there was also a lot of him and Steve doing all kinds of things. That just so happened to be nearly three months of Tony neglecting his boring work, and Pepper had had it, and had JARVIS lock him into the office until he was done. Even locking his hidden exit behind the closet door, which sucked because he was sure that she hadn’t known about that particular exit.
“NO MORE STAIRS,” Hulk yelled out and Tony knew at that moment they were fucking screwed, because the moment he looks up he sees Loki look at the Tesseract before grabbing it and disappearing. Even as Thor resuscitated the other Tony, they were screwed because that’s when they noticed that both the case and Loki were gone.
“Well there you go again,” Tony said before sighing and putting his head on Steve’s chest. “I just don’t want to mess this up.”
“Yeah I would but I don’t want to move,” Bucky lamented like some Shakespeare character, dramatically draping himself on the table.
“Yeah I know, and you’re right, plus I wanted to tell dad about how the web shooters were working, I may have to have them adjusted a little.”
“Uh... No, that would be Bucky, he stepped out for a minute, I was helping him move in, we drove down today, but no one was here when we got here so we figured that you were at orientation, but now you’re here,” Steve said feeling like he was rambling. “I’m Steve,” he held out his hand hoping that it wasn’t sweaty from bringing everything into the room.”
“We don’t know, I mean it gave Vision some advanced powers too, but that’s something we never got to the bottom of, we only really had two stones in our possession,” Tony told them, wondering just how much power those stones had, they’ll never know until they find Thanos.
“Yeah well, I had a lot of competition as a kid, three brothers would do that to you, but there were things that they excelled at and I didn’t, all I did was find ways for them to be even better at what they like to do, it’s why they’re good at their jobs now.”
“Steve’s mom’s in labor,” Tony blurted out, his mother’s eyes were wide as the words registered, she nodded before looking around the room.
“It matters when one moment you two are fine and the next you’re next to a broken wall because he sent you flying across the room,” Steve huffed at him. “You need to learn to think before you do something stupid.”
“That’s why I’m here to save you from yourself,” Rhodey said with a smile. “I also got you a present.”
“I find it a little weird,” Bucky said an amused glint in his eye before eyeing the posters on Tony’s side of the room, “Hell I found it weird when your dad put me in the comic too, because at first I was your best friend in the story, then the brainwashed villain, and now I’m your friend again.”
“You can’t just leave when you want to,” Lila yelled as the rest of the Avengers watched. “You have three kids, Nate’s never sure when you’ll be back, Uncle Tony and Uncle Steve shouldn’t be the ones taking care of us, that’s your job,” she was heaving, as she stopped, fresh tears in her eyes. “You weren’t even there for my first date, Cooper had to act like a dad is supposed to act, and it hurt.”
The other reason it took so long is because I was writing for Cap-Iron Man Big Bang, so please look forward to that being posted soon. I also started the Bookstore AU, so I'm going to divide my time between both stories, hopefully I'll be able to post on each every other week until they're done.
“And don't worry if it doesn't pan out. I'm just kinda -” he watched the image change, as everything started coming together.
“I just asked a question,” Shuri answered.
“I will, I know what you like,” she told him with a smile, and he could tell that she needed this time with their mother, especially since Natasha and Bucky were getting together more often, Tony knew that Natasha needed their mother’s advice more than ever, even if it meant that he was going to be alone for the break. “Jarvis, can we drop my stuff off at home before I head to the airport?”
“Because I want Wanda to have something to hope for, to have someone to come home to,” there it was, the truth he had been holding onto ever since the thought of bringing Vision back became an option. He had seen how Vision had changed in the two years since the so-called Civil War between them, how he had pinned over her, before leaving on trips to see her. Tony knew it was happening but he hadn’t stopped Vision from going, because he still blamed himself for things that had been out of his control. For her losing her family, first because of his weapons and then because of Ultron. He wanted to protect the world but sometimes all he brought was destruction and he needed to make amends for all of it.
“Have you ever wondered what would happen if you combined both until you were one being?” Hope asked, Steve knew they were curious, they hadn’t worked with either Bruce or the Hulk before.
Thor was quiet for a moment, before he began to cry, Bruce pulling him away from the table, Steve not really sure if his words were worth the effort, he tried and it was all he could do.
He tried to move only to have them all telling him to sit back, all he did was slump down in defeat, he hated being in medical, but it was nice to have them worry about him. He noticed that behind Rhodey others had joined. Barton was standing next to Nebula and the racoon, next to them were the Zandarians, and behind them was Thor.
“Alright, team, let's go get this son of a bitch,” Steve said to the room.
“Steve, the ambulance is here,” Darcy said from the other side of the door, which meant that the cops were also there.
“We all are,” Steve said to him the blushing Captain gone. “We’ll find him don’t worry, until then we just have to stick together.”
“No!” Shuri called out. “Remember what Doctor Banner said, We need to get them back where they came from.”
“It’s not really just a drink Thor,” Bruce said turning to the other man and looking him directly in the eyes. “I get that you’ve been in a rough spot, okay, I’ve been there myself, as I’m sure we’ve all had.”
“A Wrinkle in Time, somewhere in time,” Rhodey continued.
“Fuck,” Tony said out loud, he felt like a truck had hit him, which wasn’t off if the Hulk was the one slamming into a person. “Oh, we blew it.”
“Get to it Tony, I’m getting impatient here,” Steve growled, and Tony couldn’t help but smile, the only way for Steve to actually get out of those restraints was by him physically breaking their bed.
Hey! The door's this way, pal,” Howard said as Tony had tried to sneak out the room without being seen.
She nodded at him, he knew she thought the same thing, but he also knew that like with any of the survivors around them, they all wished to change everything, to bring back those they lost, but they had to contend with the very real possibility that they might not have the option to go back to save them.
“I brought you here because this was the first place that I wanted to take you, I wanted to share with you a piece of who I am,” Steve told Tony, honesty was the best policy in his mind. “This date, well it starts here because it’s somewhere I always went growing up, and I just wanted to show you these parts of myself.”
“Scott, how long you need to get that thing working?” Tony asked, hoping it wouldn’t take too long.
“Well this is news to me.”
“Oh, well... our next date, since you planned all of this,” Tony said to him and Steve could see the slight shyness in Tony’s eyes. It made his heart speed up a little thinking that Tony actually liked the idea of the date Steve had planned.
The company had seen major changes over the years, the most notable happened when Tony had been fourteen, and his mother had been shot using one of Howard’s own designs. It had devastated the man, because while Tony was often criticized by his father, he was also the only witness to what had happened since he had been with his mother. Howard Stark’s Achilles heel was his own wife, Tony wondered why a man like Howard who damned so much of who his son was, could love anyone. But he had grown up in that house and had seen the way his parents were towards one another, and he knew with absolute certainty that Howard loved Maria and he would do anything for her. Maria’s injury was a result of her shielding Tony from the bullet that had put her in the hospital, and his father had yelled at him for not protecting his mother better. His mother told him that his father loved him, he had just been scared, but Tony knew better and spent more time with his Captain America collection looking for ways to protect his family.
“You mean Steve,” Jan said pulling the pillow away from Tony’s face, “They’re not together, I mean they were, in high school or something, James told me one time when we were in class together, but when they came here they found out that there were other people in the world, and they broke it off. They had been best friends since they were kids, and from what I heard they had come from a really small town, you know the ones you see in movies where there’s literally 50 people in the entire class.”
Tony couldn’t help but look over and see the man standing next to him, his clothes were a little looser, not the same tight shirts they had all made fun of over the years, the beard was still a sight to see, but Tony missed the clean shaved Captain America he had come to know. Steve’s depression beard was just another reminder of what had happened between the two of them in the last few years. Tony as much as he didn’t want to have a fight with Steve, was still holding onto some of the resentment over it all. He had the urge to tinker, he needed a moment where he wasn’t overwhelmed by how many people were around them, how much had changed, or the fact that there were a lot of people missing from their lives.
“He’s a little depressed Steve,” Bruce said the last time he had seen him. “He lost a lot before Thanos showed up, and lost even more since that first fight.”
“Come on,” he said as he lifted Morgan onto his hip. “Let’s go watch some Disney Princesses.”
“Don’t worry too much,” he said slowly moving his hand under the hem of Steve’s pajama bottoms, touching his leg slowly as he moved to the side of the bed and kneeled onto the mattress before he ripped the fabric all the way up. “I know what I’m doing.”
“Sorry. Force of habit, I have kids I have to keep a lot of people happy,” he said with a sigh. “You know, I keep telling everyone they should move on and... grow. Some do. But not us,” admitting that he wasn’t really over what happened to anymore was a big step. Tony knew, Tony invented a million things to keep the kids safe, Steve read Morgan books about a happier world, and drew with Miles on the side of buildings to bring up people’s moral. But in the back of his head he always wondered about whether they would have been happier if their families had survived.
“Maybe he really just needed a family.”
Except that hadn’t happened, as it turned out the store and the café next door had been closed down due to repairs, which left Tony without his books and his coffee for the whole summer.
“Frozen,” Morgan yelled out happily. She had gotten into the Disney princess phase of her childhood, and had an affinity for the princesses that stood up for themselves.
“Stop,” Steve said slowing the man down, “Slow down, why would you want to give us business, we don’t even know you.”
“How much did Tony tell you?”
He could see Steve standing there staring at him, it was a short moment, but in that moment, Tony could see the look of loss in his eyes when he realizes what Tony was going to do. “I love you,” Tony whispered as he felt the power rushing through him.
“Damn Stevie, you were never that light of a sleeper,” Tony heard Bucky said but he wanted to roll over and ignore his roommate for once, mainly because he had ruined Tony’s nap.
“Was it Juice Pops?” she said and he was sure that he wasn’t the one who taught her to use a situation to her advantage, that was Steve all over.
“If it makes you feel more comfortable, I mean those parties are a little crazy, the press is everywhere, and most likely it could be our first date, plus you’re going to meet my family, I just don’t want you to be overwhelmed.”
Tony told them about his writing class, his future bot son, Ty writing with him, and about Steve, he knew he had gushed about Steve the most, he also told them that he liked his roommate, even though he was dating Natasha. They all knew that Natasha would kill Bucky if he tried anything, so they weren’t too worried about her. Though they worried about Tony constantly, mainly because of his sleeping habits, his coffee obsession and his perfectionist attitude.
Tony couldn’t help but look at Steve, wondering just how much he was about to lose, “Tony, after everything you've seen, is anything really impossible?” Steve tells him, and in that moment he knew where Steve stood on the whole thing.
“Alright, so five years ago, right before Thanos, Hope’s mother sent me a message though a connection we formed while I was subatomic, she was in a place called the Quantum Realm. The Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe,” Scott started, and he had that look in his eyes that Tony got right before he started saying a million things. “To get in there, you have to be incredibly small. So, anyway the last few months we’ve been going over all of the data from when her mother had been trapped inside of the Quantum Realm, and where she had been missing in our time for decades, for her it had been much longer for some reason. So, we tested somethings out, first I went into the machine while Hope took in the data.”
“I need to touch you,” Steve all but growled at him as he pushed against the headboard.
(See the end of the chapter for
Do you know just how hard it was to put this together, because there’s so many more people alive now, so many people to move on the chess board, and thank you Thor for the people who are transcribing the movie script onto Transcript Wiki (https://transcripts.fandom.com/wiki/Avengers:_Endgame), because that helped sooo much you have no idea.
Tony nodded, he knew the pain of it all would be crazy, but he didn’t know how to go about it all without dramatically changing the past, without altering their futures as they knew it. He didn’t know if he could really give up his kids, his life with Steve, it was something that they really needed to think about, and it was something that was going to take more than one day to figure out.
“I can’t write my story for class,” he said knowing it was the hardest thing in the world for him to say out loud. Numbers were easy, but he couldn’t find his place with his words, and they had been his solace in the hardest of times. “I’ve tried but I can’t.”
“Thanos believed in a balance for all life in the universe, he believed that if he had the power everything would be perfectly balanced and resources wouldn’t be scarce for those living in it,” Nebula said to the room. “Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me. Then when he worked, he talked about his great plan. Even disassembled, I wanted to please him. I’d ask, where would we go once his plan was complete? His answer was always the same. To the Garden.”
“No way to get them back,” Tony said as they fought the Chitari around them, he saw their Nebula not far from them, he knew it was her because of the way she fought, and the glint of her blades as he saw her arm, half of which was destroyed, he really was going to talk to her about maintenance, he didn’t have vibranium growing out of trees.  “Thanos destroyed the quantum tunnel.”
“Like hell you do,” he said letting his own mind wander to the bulge that was on the verge of breaking through Steve’s pants.
It was Tony rolling his eyes that go Steve’s attention, “No honeybear, just no,” Tony said but Rhodey ignored him, and continued his train of thought.
“Just don’t die out there,” Tony said, it had been hard enough saying bye to the kids the night before, but the thought of not just losing them but Steve as well was weighing down on him and he felt like he was drowning even though he was on solid ground.
She nodded before walking off, he knew that if she cried, she wouldn’t do it in front of someone else. She didn’t show weakness, not to him, not to anyone, but he really wanted her to come out of her shell just a little bit. He wanted to do for her what Yinsen did for him, that second chance moment was what changed his life.
“No, you didn’t, you just wanted what you thought was right, even if it wasn’t, but that’s in the past, follow what your heart is telling you right at this moment, because right now that where all the hope in the world is for you.”
There's plans to be made
At that Rhodey looked to the ground, if it were possible for the man to want to hide, it was at that moment, “She’s fine, we caught up a little, there’s a lot to unpack.”
“Not my dad?”
“Good, just as long as we are all in agreement,” Thor said as the lighting engulfed him illuminating the area around them. Out of the rubble came Thor’s axe Stormbreaker, and Mjölnir, Thor now clad in full armor. “Let’s kill him properly this time.”
“No worries Tony, I’ll let it slide since we have a time limit,” Rhodey yelled back, but Tony’s response was muffled, as the genius went back to work.
“You know,” his father said as Steve tried to figure out where to start. “I always thought that out of all of my kids, that you’d be the one to keep these comics alive. I never thought that I would have to end any of these for a long time.”
I'm almost done rewriting the movie, literally the next two chapters will end where the movie ends, and anything after that will become the new version of the story.... the happier version.
“Are you talking about the voice,” she said once again throwing the ball for the bots.
“Steve is the kind of person who would throw his whole heart at someone,” Bucky told him without preamble. “I hurt him I know this, and as weird as this is, because it’s weird, I’ve noticed him acting funny around me.”
“She was my best friend in this time, you’re the love of my life but she was my friend,” he sat down next to Tony and took his hand. “She was our family, we’re allowed to grieve over this.”
“Okay,” she said and he could hear the glee in her voice.
They were quiet for a few minutes after Bucky left the room, it was weird for Tony because even though they’ve spent a lot of time walking from the library back to the dorm, or the times they’ve run into one another, or even that first really weird week. They had never really been alone in his room, it was a little weird for him. He wondered if Steve had seen the note on that twenty-dollar bill, or if Steve knew why he liked the things he did, or anything.
“Now that's my point...” Thor started but Clint stopped him before he could say anything else.
“There are a lot of planets in the universe,” Carol said calmly the room silent as they looked between her and Sharon. “And unfortunately, they didn’t have you guys.”
“I can feel you thinking,” Tony said, even muffled by Steve’s shirt he could hear it loud and clear, which only made him stiffen up afraid that this moment would end.
Grabbing Rhodey’s hoodie from his backpack, it had been the only thing that he had taken with him other than his laptop and his notebook which now had the sleeve from the first cup of coffee that Steve had brought him, Tony went to the media room and sat down to write his story. As it got closer to the last issue of the series, Tony started to ramp up his writing, planning on revealing Iron Man’s identity to Captain America. He had been thinking about it for a while, especially since Steve had told him about his father being the creator of the series. The big reveal would be that Tony himself was Iron Man, because it would mean that he would be that much closer to Steve in a way, at least in a way he wasn’t sure would be possible in real life.
Before they could keep talking, and probably freeze to death where they stood, Steve took Tony’s hand and walked him into the diner. When he had first come out to his parents as bisexual, his parents worried that the town wouldn’t approve of him in any way, when he had started dating Bucky, the woman who owned the diner had welcomed them like they were her own. Steve had later found out that she was married to one of the school teachers, but they had kept it secret for a long time at least before marriage was legal, but at the time she had found that she needed to embrace the kids who were afraid of coming out. Now the diner had a Pride flag hanging on its walls, and pictures of couples all over, though his and Bucky’s picture was on the wall, the break-up had been something that she had helped Steve through. He owed her a lot, and he couldn’t pay her back enough for being that one person who let him be who he wanted to be without any questions.
“Uh yeah, we just came here to tell you that she arrived,” Clint said a small smile on his face. “So, we’re going to go now and deal with some stuff,” Steve was sure that he had never seen Clint smirk like that before running off to do something else. It was good that after losing his wife he would be able to smile like that.
Tony could hear them talking on the other side of the room, but his eyes were all on Steve and that uniform. “Uh, Mr. Stark-Rogers. I almost forgot that that suit did nothing for your ass,” he said to Steve as he watched the other Steve walk around in a suit too tight for anything.
Thor was on the other side of the room quiet his body slack, “Is he asleep?” Natasha asked.
“Clint’s seeing himself as an executioner, is this because he had lost Laura?”
Seeing Tony walk into the room smiling, with another man right on his heels had stopped Steve’s heart, he wasn’t sure about how to take the tall man’s appearance. Then Tony turned the full wattage of his smile towards Steve, before all but launching himself at him, which confused him for a moment before he gave up his own train of thought and put his arms around Tony.
“Plus, she’s angry that she lost a bet,” Rhodey said smiling at them from the door. “And I plan on collecting on that bet when we get back, but before I go,” he walked over and smacked the back of Steve’s head before bending down and hugging Tony.
He could feel his knees buckle right before he threw up again all over the floor, they had messed up, not just him getting thrown across a room by the Hulk mess up but losing someone they loved. Nat who painted his toes when she wanted the right nail polish color, Nat who told him really crazy stories about Clint as a father, the woman who looked out for him when he ignores all medical advice, the one who had stabbed him in the neck just to give him more time.
Honestly Tony didn’t know what was going to happen, but he did send his story off to his professor. He named it The Young Dancer, it’s the best parts of his childhood, the ones where him and Nat grew up together, before the real pressure had set in. He changed a lot of the story, mainly because it was based on his life, but it’s a good piece. One that hadn’t been touched by Ty. It was mostly about that one night that Natasha had taught him to dance when they were kids, Tony remembered it because his father had yelled at him for trying to replicate Nat’s dance moves a few days earlier. It had been a magical night, and one that he didn’t share with anyone but her, but it was also a story that he had wanted to tell. He sent it to Natasha once it was done, and he got a smiley face back afterwards, she was his number one cheerleader, even if they haven’t hung out together much in the last few months.
“He’s also Hydra, but who cares about that,” Tony said to no one in particular, he couldn’t really figure out why on earth he was narrating this whole encounter.
“At least sleep you big dumbo,” she pushed him down, but all he could do was smile, because while their brothers had grown up together throughout the years, Natasha had always been the one to look out for him when he was at his wits end. She was the only one in the family who knew just the lengths it took to keep him from going too overboard on his projects.
The alarm on his watch went off and Tony gathered all of his supplies before taking the private elevator from the workshop to his bedroom. Steve was soundly sleeping, and Tony knew that the medication would burn out of Steve’s system in another twenty minutes, because Steve had only taken half the dosage.
“Well they’re stupid, all of them are just stupid, I got so drunk this whole weekend and invented a very dumb bot, but I love him, and I named him DUM-E so that doesn’t matter,” he all of a sudden felt stupid for overreacting to the whole thing. “I’m sorry, I should have talked to you before freaking out.”
“But if you could give them their families back,” she said but he knew where she was going. She lost her family, her people suffered great losses from the battle.
“Good I’m starved,” he said his voice a little raw from screaming, “Water?”
Waving Natasha and Jan away, he walked to his dorm, with the sole purpose of falling asleep and resting, normally he could stay up for days fueled on nothing but coffee, but he knew he couldn’t mess this up, his father would be furious if he did. He was already furious at Tony because he had chosen a smaller school over a big-name Ivy League college. So, just for this one night he was going to sleep, because there would be days when he needed to get something done, he wasn’t going to abandon all of his principals just because he’s not at home.
Rushing forward he grabbed the Titan’s hand, he had one shot at this, he had to save his family, he had to protect them because he couldn’t lose them again. “I’m sorry Steve,” he said as he pulled the stones off of the glove, just as Thanos pushed him away.
“Tell me about Iron Man,” he said instead, not wanting to ruin their ever growing friendship.
“She’s going to be fine you know,” Steve said walking into the room. “I’m not going to let anything happen to anyone.”
“So, what is it like?” Scott asked curiously enough to keep Bruce talking.
Tony sat there for five minutes, having a weirdly structured debate in his head about the merits of seeing Steve, versus finishing his project. Things like, he needed a break, he needed to eat, and maybe seeing Steve would recharge him. But also, the doom and gloom in his head over whether he would finish the bot in time, because the project was worth more to him than most people thought. He had ignored his fiction writing project, not finding the energy to actually work on it at the moment, not as all of his projects started piling up on top of one another.
“No, you should have told them to go home,” he said wanting to yell but holding back. “They shouldn’t be here.”
“I thought his father started the series when he had been born?”
Tony was quiet for a moment, and Steve knew that he was thinking about whether there would be another fight, there was so much that they hadn’t thought about, especially if they brought everyone back, because they would also bring back any enemies that they may have made over the years. Before they could have a conversation about it the loud giddy scream came from the hallway as their youngest daughter came barreling into the compound’s kitchen.
“Really, but you have all of these,” Steve pointed at all of the pictures, “Are these from people who admire your work?”
“Okay,” he said knowing that in a way Bucky was right, plus they needed to sort out their lives a little. Tony actually wanted to know where they stood in all of this, he wanted to know that there was something to look forward to.
Steve shook his head before walking towards the machines and getting to work, “It’s on me,” he said with a smile, which had way too much power over him.
“I know, trust me, I’ve been thinking about this since Scott and Hope showed up, it’s a lot to think about,” Steve said as he held onto Tony’s waist. “Trust me the thought of going through all of that again, the Civil War, Ultron, me lying to you, any of it, it hurts. But we have to think about it because we can’t let people lose everything and not give them the chance to get it all back.”
“I’ll be here when you’re done,” Steve told him, but when he looked up, he could see Steve looking at where Ty stood, a murderous look in his eyes.
“I was trying to stop it from happening, but I really like him,” Tony told his roommate, the truth was always the best way to go, he knew this from experience, but mostly because he couldn’t lie for shit. “He sees me, he sees what everyone else doesn’t, to him I’m not Tony Stark the kid genius in the Stark family, I’m just Tony the guy who writes fanfiction, talks about robots and likes studying.”
“Can you take a look at this,” Ty said as soon as Tony sat down at his regular table. “I feel like it doesn’t look right for some reason.”
“Anyone see an ugly, brown van up there?” Steve asked and Tony laughed, it really was an ugly thing.
“Among other things yeah,” Steve leaned down to give him a kiss. “What took you so long?”
“Neurostuff meets rabbit from a hat,” he said staring at the ceiling. “He had a nice place in the village though.”
Well at least this would throw off the whole Hydra thing, they would only chalk it up to Loki messing with them just to get the scepter. But for his other self he knew that he had to find a way to reason with the man. He remembered what it had been like during that time, just out of the ice and only one thing moving him forward. This was before he had his team, his family, when everything was ready to fall apart at any turn.
“Good, cause if we blow the grid, I don’t wanna lose tiny here in the 1950s,” he said wiping his forehead. Steve saw as they alll turned to look at Bruce, they weren’t sure if he was joking or if he was telling the truth.
The garage was actually cleaner than he would have imagined, maybe because FRIDAY had been directing the bots while Tony cleaned up Morgan, so all that they really had to do was gather up the TV, or at least what was left of it, and throw it out. FRIDAY already putting an order in for a new one, even though he was sure the lecture from Steve was going to drive him insane. He loved the man, but he hated the lectures, even though they usually ended in fantastic sex, but honestly, it’s like being scolded by your high school principal, which shouldn’t sound as hot as it did at the moment.
“Maybe it’s a thing, I don’t know,” Steve said rubbing his face before running his hands through his hair, and before Tony could say anything, Steve pulled out a sweater with the school’s team name on the front, and Steve’s last name and his number on the back. “So... maybe.”
“Hang on. I got you, kid,” she said before dropping him on Valkyrie's Pegasus.
“It wasn’t my fault, it was Harley, he wanted to know if we could make a rocket, and well.... the first two attempts ended in failure, but mostly in us burning something really badly in the pit and dad yelled at us.”
“I hate camping,” Tony said but they all just ignored him. He fought like this whenever they tried to bring it up, and usually they rented a cabin so it wouldn’t really be camping, but he knew that one day they would really end up going camping and he was dreading it.
“Multiple ships just entered the upper atmosphere,” FRIDAY said as they watched them slowly come down.
“Your boss is okay with you not actually working?”
“Fuck off Barnes,” Tony said as he took his pillow and chucked it at him roommate.
She placed a box in his hand, “This is everything you asked for, but take care of it because I am not sure if we can get anymore of the one you brought with you.”
“No, maybe I will one day but right now, I guess it’s just another project,” Tony was always trying to protect them, even when he decided on not being Iron Man. He made suits for the kids, even installing KAREN into them so that they kids were all connected to one another even when they were miles apart. FRIDAY, was connected to Steve’s phone and his car, as well as the Avengers Facility and wherever it was that Thor, Bruce and Valkyrie were. He even upgraded it on the Benatar, so that Rocket could talk to Natasha, and Nebula could talk with them all.
“Sure, I have time,” he said before gesturing for them to talk in the hallway, leaving the others to work on the gauntlet without any interruptions.
“Sorry Mr. Stark,” the woman said as the little girl cried in a corner, she was just over a year old, but she looked sad to be there. “She’s usually quiet but lately she’s been a little sick, I’m at my wits end.”
“The stones are in the past,” Scott said a hopeful look in his eyes. “We can go back and get them,”
If anything, Steve was in awe with how good Tony was with the kids, always encouraging them, both academically, and artistically. Tony who had told Steve early on in their relationship that he was afraid that he was going to be a terrible father, that he didn’t know why he had gone ahead and adopted four kids. But Steve told him, every day since Morgan came home with them, that if it wasn’t for Tony those kids wouldn’t have made it as far as they had in the last couple of years.
The next chapters will deal with the team remembering things, not as strongly as Tony and Natasha though, as we get closer to the first step in the fight against Thanos, and what happens as a result of Tony's snap.
“Did it work?” Bruce said holding onto Steve’s arm.
It was the one moment where he was willing to flick Scott across the room, because if Scott looked at his husband’s ass one more time, Tony was surely going to find a way to squash the little bugger. Scott hit Tony’s other self on the beard, which only caused the man to scratch it as if it itched, which worked well for Ant-man. Who slid down onto the arc reactor.
“Touché,” Steve said with a smile. They had reached the dorm, and while Tony wasn’t ready to call it a night, he knew he had too.
Just as he was about to walk to his dorm, nervous as hell, because who wouldn’t be when it was as dark out as it was when he left the library, he saw the blonde boy of his dreams walking up to him with a smile on his face and a cup of coffee in his hands.
“Come with me,” she said before she led them to where Thor was standing, he was with Bruce and the two of them were talking to a few of the workers, all the while Thor was swinging their joined hands back and forth. Tony felt bad because he knew why his mother had looked for Thor and not anyone else, he had the fastest car out of all of them, Clint only had a motorcycle his girlfriend had driven them, and Loki was a little preoccupied with their father.
“Kind of like Captain America and the Winter Soldier, where no matter how much time has passed or how one has changed over the years, they would still be friends.”
The guy was really asking the harder questions, the ones that he’s been asking himself for a long time now, though he was glad that he wasn’t with Bucky anymore, at least if it meant that he could have a chance with Tony in the end. “Well, he said it was because we needed to grow up, and that we weren’t that good together anyway. He actually broke my heart, and I didn’t talk to him for a while, but I think it was a good thing that it had happened, because in that time I realized that he was right. We hadn’t been that good of a couple. We’re more like brothers than anything else and when I realized that, well the whole memory of the relationship felt weird.”
Everyone got up, some went for coffee, others to talk to one another, Miles was in the center of the room animatedly talking to America, Steve knew that it was because he was proud of his friend for sharing something for once.
“You look a little young to be here,” the guy next to him said as he pulled out what looked like one of those leather Barnes and Noble notebooks, the ones with the parchment paper that had that string around it. Tony had one like it filled to the brim with story ideas and codes for an artificial intelligence that he was developing, though the code was hidden in the stories because he didn’t trust his father enough after the man had patented something Tony had made as a Stark Industries design without Tony’s permission. The guy was giving him this smile as he pulled out his pen and a bottle of water.
“So, what would it mean if he used the stones a second time,” Steve said as everyone in the room looked around, none of them sure about the implications of what would happen if Thanos continued to use the infinity stones.
“You remember... everyone Thanos snapped away five years ago and just bringing them back to now, today. Don't change anything from the last five years,” Tony explained to him.
“It’s a matter of life and death,” Tony told her, and honestly it was the truth, they could bring everyone back, save so many lives.
“It can't... be undone. Or that's at least what the, great floating guy had to say," Clint starts shouting at Thor, and they all knew that he was trying to convey this whole clusterfuck to Thor, but they could see the grief in the man’s eyes, it was like losing all over again. “Maybe you wanna go talk to him? Okay? Go grab your hammer, and you go fly and you talk to him.”
“Look...It's not just the fact that that glove is channeling enough energy to light up a continent, I'm telling you you're in no condition right now to do this,” Tony told him. “Thor, you need time to calmly think about this and that’s something we don’t have.”
Instead of going to eat, he pulled a bottle of naked juice out of the mini fridge that Jarvis had given to him, “Master Thor said you would need it,” Jarvis had said before putting it in the car with the other one, because Nat had gotten one too. Tony started putting the padding on his bed, adding the really expensive pillow top to it and covering it all over again, before plopping down and smothering himself with his pillows. He hadn’t slept at all the night before, one he blamed on the new surroundings, and the fact that he had stayed up all night writing, but also because the bed was as thin as a board and felt like rocks had been placed in it. The first thing he had done in the morning was call an uber and ride off to the nearest mall, buying anything and everything he would need to be comfortable. Now it felt like heaven and he couldn’t be bothered to move for anyone.
“Yeah I know,” Steve said to him an amused look on his face. “The story changed around that time because he wanted to bring it into a more modern setting, because he wanted to find a way to tie it in with the Spider-man series, hence the time jump.”
He watched as Miles stiffened next to him, and Steve knew that his son was hiding something, he gave him a knowing look before hearing America sigh next to him.
“They’re so good together,” Rhodey had said looking at Tony with this glassy eyed look. “I can’t get between that, and there’s a kid, they’re happy, so I’ll drink to my crush, and I’ll let it die.”
“Let me go deal with all of this, and then I’m taking Mr. Stark to the hospital,” he said to Thor, not wanting to let the customer know about his relationship with Tony.
Bruce was the next to join them, pulling Nebula with him, “I’m for us doing something now,” he said staring at all of them. “I’ve been trying for a while, he’s been getting deeper into his depression, especially since New Asgard isn’t the same as the old. He’s lived a long life so the last ten years, he’s lost everyone he cared about, his family is completely gone, the whole thing with Thanos was the straw that broke the camel’s back.”
“Do you like the dates you go on with Nat?”
“Get up, Pepper is bringing Chinese food, and we know you haven’t eaten yet,” Rhodey said though he didn’t even try to move at all, smothering Tony into the couch cushions. “She’s bringing May too, so we can watch some movies or something.”
“Because he prefers his bots, and his workshop over human interaction, so he tends to forget to introduce people to his… boyfriend,” she said looking at him as if she were analyzing his worthiness.
Scott raised his hand like they were in a classroom taking notes which was weird on it’s own. “Is that a person?”
Thor went off looking for some land for his people, settling in a sleepy Northeastern area, Bruce went with them, the small group sad but hopeful with their King there for them. Leaving Natasha behind with Tony and Steve, who were now on their way out as well.
“You like going to the garage, huh?” he couldn’t help but smile, his kids were all smart as hell and he loved that when it came to all of them. “Well, so does daddy, and your big sister Riri too. It’s fine actually, Auntie Pepper never wears anything I make for her anyway.”
“Star Trek,” Rhodey said before counting off movies. “Terminator, TimeCop, Time After Time -”
“How’s the semester going so far? Anything new you need to tell me? Like how I got an alert on my phone the other day about some spider guy swinging around midtown.”
“Oh, the whole world, well I’ll be the judge of that,” Tony said as Steve got out of the car and walked over to Tony’s side to let him out, the whole gentleman thing was really doing it for him tonight. The sweater, the dinner, even the thought of sitting with him under the stars, it was nice to think that Steve had put this much thought into their first real date. He wondered what he should do for their second, the only thing he could think of was actually showing Steve DUM-E which he knew Steve would like. Maybe a picnic, though he wasn’t the best cook in the world, but he did know how to cook simple things, and some of his mother’s favorite recipes as well.
“I was just researching something, but I moved back a few days ago, and your father offered me a job in research and development.”
“I’m trying Steve, but it’s a little difficult right now,” he told him. “Everything is a little hard, because we screwed up once and look at what happened, and now if we don’t succeed in this, we might not make it back home.”
That had been another surprise, while Tony had been sure that Loki was Pansexual, his most recent relationship had ended two months before, though he was here with a friend, Tony wasn’t sure who. Thor had fallen for some scientist who had come to work on a project at S.I. and Thor had been trying to convince to stay. Tony waved at Clint, and his fiancé Laura, which surprised no one, mainly because Laura had been the only one to keep Clint in check and from climbing into the vents at S.I. Thor all but carried Tony across the room before pushing him in front of a young scientist with curly hair flopped over his face, the man was smiling at Thor, and if it hadn’t been for Tony’s contacts, he would have gone blind. It was nice to see Thor so happy, hell it was nice to see everyone so happy.
Once he was settled in his bed, his face sore and a dull ache slowly pounding its way up to his brain, his mother smiled at him.
“Alright,” he said smiling. “Cool, cool, cool.”
“We should at least discuss it,” Scott said looking at Thor, while Hope watched the interaction from his side.
At those words Steve felt his heart burst, it meant that Tony looked at him in the same way that he looked at Tony. He had been afraid, mostly because he thought that Tony was dating whoever it was that he met up with at the library, but if Tony was looking at their conversation as if a rejection from Steve would hurt the most, then that meant that Tony felt the same about him as he did about Tony.
“Okay, so that was embarrassing and I’m just going to go now,” Tony said wanting to walk away from the one guy he had a crush on since he was twelve, but it didn’t matter, he just embarrassed himself right there and there was no coming back from that.
“We just want you all to be safe about this,” and it was the most truthful thing that Steve could say to his own kids.
They sat there in that room, the small space she had occupied while she tried to keep the Avengers together, while Tony broke down and cried but moved on all the same, where Steve learned to move forward, even if they all could never really move on from one loss.
“Yeah well now we have a Hulk, so it shouldn’t really matter,” he said, even though it wasn’t his fault that it had happened. Well except that he probably broke something when he was sent flying.
“Tired?” Steve asked him and all Tony could do was nod, honestly, he was too tired to deal with anything, but he also knew that he had to get a hold of Pepper, and his mother, and probably Rhodey if he had the strength. “You need me to call anyone?”
“Rocket and Nebula were talking about where Thanos could have gone,” Clint said from the other side of the table. “And then the racoon mentioned something about when Thanos used the stones here on earth he would have created some kind of power imbalance or something.”
“Tony,” Steve’s stern voice came over the line, and Tony was glad that they could talk like this, especially looking at their former selves, who were still trying to get a grip on being a proper team.
“Can I ask you a question?” Steve asked after a minute of quiet had passed between the two of them.
“But I needed to come here, I was worried, and then after I found out what was happening, I started worrying about something else. I guess I just didn’t want to leave you alone while you’re going through this.”
“Why are you so positive about this?”
“See,” Tony said pulling away, and honestly Steve missed the weight of him on his chest. “All you really did was just look for an excuse to be near me because you wanted to be, I’m pretty certain that if you had just studied on your own you would have passed that class regardless.”
“Keep her safe Vision,” he said without giving Natasha the option to say no, she looked at him shocked for a moment, but he knew that she understood. If Clint had more than one person standing in his way, more than one of them reminding him of what he left behind, the man would be more inclined to return with them.
“No, Steve, just no, I mean at first I said it that way because I was afraid of… well you not liking me, but it never went that way with Ty.”
“Sure, I mean they’re online so you could find them easily, but if you want, we can read one together, but only if you pass that test, it’ll be a reward for passing.”
“Sure thing Tony,” Steve told him as he handed Tony a plate with some fried noodles.
“I hope you brought one for me you punk,” Bucky says to Steve eyeing the coffee in Steve’s hand. Causing Tony to turn back towards his computer trying to hide the size of the cup in his hand, and he knows he’s doing a bad job of it too, because it’s a little hard to hide something that smells as good as that coffee.
“Yeah well you’re more of a momma’s boy my little Anthony,” she said as she ushered him forward.
They all nodded, Miles throwing his arms around him, “We’ll wait for the call then,” he said before the girls joined in. They were his family, just like the Avengers were, carefully stitched up together.
“Mom said not to bother you,” Harley said after he had launched himself onto Bruce’s back.
“Make sure you bring me back something,” he said trying not to sound defeated about being alone, he could just go and see Rhodey and Pepper, but he wasn’t sure if that would be alright either, mainly because he wasn’t sure where they were during the holiday.
“Yeah whatever you punk, you know that whatever we had was never going to last, we were always better as friends than anything else anyway, even your mom thought so, she always called us stupid for getting involved anyway,” Bucky said and Tony wasn’t sure if he was intruding in on this conversation, especially since it also involved Natasha. He didn’t want to know anything about their relationship before she did, mainly because she would kill him if he didn’t tell her anything in time, he was certain that this time he wouldn’t escape death. “Whatever, I’m going to go pick her up,” he said before turning towards Steve. “Can I borrow your car for the night or do you need it?”
