PHILLIPS finishes tying up IVAN and moves to put his clothes back on.
“Better wait till you’re caffeinated,” said Steve.
See, this is why I never told you. You take everything I say and you turn it into one big joke, because that’s what the whole damn world is to you.
rules. And in this house, everyone's body 100% belongs to them, end of conversation.”
to you? What you’d have to become to survive that?”
thirty years apart I’m going to have to send Richard O’Brien a fruit basket.”
“I believe you, Tony,” said Steve as he leaned back in his chair. “But before we do anything, we
“Come to what?” said Steve.
What followed was an extremely tense, extremely awkward meeting. Tony turned the charm up to eleven and even choked down something that might’ve passed for chicken tikka masala to someone who’d never heard of the subcontinent of India or its cuisine, but he was mentally counting down the seconds until his rescue. He had 478 of them to go when General Murphy interrupted him to say, “My first gun was a Stark.”
“Tony, I have faced down goddamn nazis and aliens and robots and every other terrible thing this world has thrown at me. Whatever bullshit you have going on that’s got you convinced that I don’t love you back, I’ll face that too. Because, Tony, I have lost everyone I have ever loved, and I will
Three pages of comics. The first page shows an elevator door dinging open, revealing Steve kissing Tony's neck as Tony grabs onto his shirt and looks over his shoulder. Tony: "Um, Steve?" Steve: "Mm?" Tony: "Why is your room a comic strip?" There's two panels depicting Steve's quarters, one with a chair, a lamp, a rug, a view of the NYC skyline, and a cabinet with books on it and the shield resting in a stand, and the other a shot of a kitchen with a small island.
And so while they finished up strolling through the rest of the museum, Tony filled Steve in on everything there was to know about Medieval architecture. And Steve was more than happy to listen and just… bask. In the solemn, calming atmosphere of the Cloisters, in the intricate golds and bright blues and reds of the triptychs and stained glass windows. And in the sheer joy that was Tony, talking about something he liked.
“You think I don’t
“Yeah? You got something, J?” said Steve, who was now so awake he was sure he wouldn’t sleep for days.
Tony put on his best Blanche Deveraux and said, “Clinton Francis Barton, how
“I presume
Tony turned around in Steve’s arms and put his own arms up behind Steve’s neck, and
José hesitated, then said, “Does it come with dental?”
ENCHANTRESS (CONT'D)
“Ok, that settles it: Steve is the best Avenger,” said Rhodey.
Steve gave a bitter, almost hysterical chuckle, and it was so grating to Tony’s ears that he knew he’d never forget it as long as he lived.
“Already did before we got here,” said Tony.
Steve’s thoughts were interrupted by the ring of his cell phone.
“But?”
I had a clear view of the chambers in that gun from where I was sitting. All of them were full. He didn’t miss, so he didn’t fire. That gunshot came from outside.
Whatever, Tony.
Steve mentally retraced his steps for clues. They’d been in the kitchen at breakfast. Clint had been rearranging Steve’s cowlick, and Natasha had done that thing she does where she pokes him in the ribs to test his reflexes but plays it off so innocently he always ended up questioning whether she did it intentionally or if it even really happened. Tony had walked by and asked Steve to join him in the lab right away. When Steve had asked what this was about, Tony had waved him off and said he’d explain downstairs. Only now, they were at the door to Tony’s lab and Steve still had no idea what this was about.
DrBanner
“Yeah?”
Thor said nothing.
“I apologize, I shall alter my subroutines to be more direct: You set yourself on fire because you have not showered or slept in far too long, and you have no one to blame but yourself.”
Steve had had this conversation more times than he could count and he was wearily getting ready to have it again when he felt Tony tap him on the shoulder.
Sarah Rogers is loosely based off a real person: Marjorie Rice. She was a home maker in the 1970's with only a high school education, but she contributed tremendously to a math problem we STILL haven't completely solved: pentagonal tessellation. That's what Sarah was referring to about "covering the plane" - some pentagons can "tile" in a way that completely covers a 2D plane and some can't. We still don't know how many of these pentagons there are or what kind of pattern there is to pentagons that can and can't tile. But Marjorie Rice discovered dozens of pentagons and tessellation patterns from her kitchen table.
Ok, yeah, I think you’re right. Agree to put a pin in this until we’re out of here, Steve?
Steve looked toward Grand Central Station and wondered briefly if they were tearing it down with all of the cranes and construction equipment that surrounded it. That was when he remembered what had happened in front of Grand Central not even seven months ago, and the wreckage these crews must still be repairing. Steve bit down the bitter, bitter regrets he had of that day. How many people were cleaning up their mess right now? How many more could they have saved? What was Steve doing to make up for the giant gouge the Avengers had torn through the middle of Manhattan? Christ, they could’ve
“Y R U HITTIN ON My GF!!!????” Loki howlde.
“Steve, for the fifth time, I don’t know the—”
Steve felt his fear lessen, and some of his anger come back.
“Is that from La Colombe?” said Tony without turning around from where he was wiring something delicate on the workbench.
“Good, keep not saying anything. It’s not like that.”
BRUCE
“Sounds lonely.”
“I called the venue and asked them to rope off this room,” said Steve. “For um… privacy.”
“Relax, buckaroo!” says the handsome and familiar stranger. “All butt-pounding is 100% enthusiastic and consensual here. We can just be two buds with washboard abs and giant cocks.”
“Damn it!” said Steve as he scrambled to his feet and managed to block another magic blast. “We’re wasting time here.”
come to the negotiating table with your trump card off the table already! Didn’t they teach you anything in— well, I guess you didn’t go to business school, did you? My bad, that’s a free tip, on me.”
Also, Thor had literally never heard of powerpoint before he was invited to this party, and I for one think he did a great job.
So Tony took a breath, and tried to feel the pull.
Tony and Steve looked at each other, then Tony said, “Bruce, honey, when’s the last time your friend came to visit?”
CLINT
Steve stopped. Because he realized he knew Tony better than this. Tony didn’t pick fights unless he had a goal to accomplish or a point to prove and Steve had already conceded the play was bad and they shouldn’t have come, so why was he picking this one? He seemed pretty determined to get Steve to say out loud that he knew Tony didn’t like the play because they knew each other well enough by now to—
That wouldn’t have worked on a PI!
...Stark! Why didn’t you mention they had a cleansweep?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, what happened?” asked Steve almost tenderly.
“Steve, remind me to send some chocolates or something to whoever wrote this list,” said Bruce, who hadn’t looked this excited since he’d gotten a tank of sea cucumbers for Christmas last year. “We should’ve done this ages ago.”
“What?” said Steve, taken aback, before he recovered and added, “I mean, thank you. You’ve made the right choice.”
. So for the next ten minutes, Tony outlined Steve’s values, aesthetics, and tastes and then systematically demonstrated how each of them was incompatible with enjoying the performance of
“We’re beefing up security at Avengers Tower,” said Tony. “We’re definitely going to be hiring a few new security guards.”
“Oh, um… right,” said Steve.
“Yeah, I deserved that,” murmured Steve, rubbing the back of his head.
“Oh boo hoo I have an uncontrollable urge to kill people” just join SHIELD like the rest of us, asshole.
Would either of you mind gettin’ a feller something to wet his whistle? Anything stronger than water would do nicely.
Also, I forgot it was established in canon that Sarah Rogers was a nurse. Ah well. She made shoes in this universe.
“Why were you at Serendipity?” said Pepper.
“Do you even
popsicle and, honestly, I could keep going with this story, but the point is the litany of stupid things I have done while horny is
“Don’t fucking blame this on the
without so much as pausing for breath. What must it be like inside Tony’s head?
“No, I — you’re incredible, do you know that?” said Steve.
“Thank God for that. I’d rather not be married to a puddle of goo.”
Thor straightened up and held his head high.
“Of course.”
“Tony, if you’re about to say anything other than, ‘I have to listen to you and go with you down this elevator that’s just arriving’, then I am kicking you in the balls, and these shoes are
could he go for punching some bad guys right now.
Rhodey suddenly stopped playing with his chopsticks.
“What does that mean?” asked Natasha.
Tony looked out his window at the blank expanse of the tunnel wall they were driving through. What was Tony feeling that he wanted to hide? Had Steve touched another nerve by mistake?
“What could that be?” asks Bruce.
Page six image:
Some time later when they were both absolutely wrung out from laughing, Tony sighed and wiped a tear from the corner of his eye.
(AN: Sry 4 da long time btwn updatz I wuz grounded & my stepmom sed I cldn’t use da family computer & she wont get me a laptop bezus she is a BITCH!!11!1! Fangs 4 da liekz & STOP FLAMMING!!!” I WIL NOT UPDATE WIVOUT 5 GUD REVIOWS!!!)
NATASHA
“Let’s not talk about our exes tonight, honeycake, it’ll spoil the moment. Well, you already did a little. I’m very mad at you right now.”
Tony stifled another coughing fit. The disease had progressed to the point where he could barely speak and he was only being kept alive by the oxygen mask over his face. It wouldn’t be long until the respirator conversation would need to be had. He opened his eyes to slits in time to see Dr. Mitchell folding her zebra-print bifocals and tucking them into the neck of her brown cardigan, a few shades lighter than her dark brown skin.
Everyone else murmured their agreement as Natasha pressed the button for Thor’s floor.
“How about we go out instead?” says Tony as you walk toward the lab doors. “Been meaning to try out that new Ethiopian place up the block. My treat.”
“Yeah, I can get behind that,” says Bruce.
steve_rogers
Steve blushed and reached up to his ear to turn his off.
suspicious. Fortunately, they’d reached the top of the stairs by then, and were now in the common room.
Tony shivered slightly, looked back at Steve, and said, “If you ever go over to the dark side, I’m going to point to this conversation and say, ‘I told you so’.”
Tony said nothing. He looked frozen on the spot.
, thought Tony as he immediately jumped up, slipped the remote into his pocket, and said, “Sorry, Clint! Now you know about this one I’m getting rid of it. The good news is there’s another horny panic button somewhere else in the room. The bad news is you’ll never find it.”
“And?” said Tony apprehensively.
mood is pretty good right now, actually.”
“Could you pull up some pictures of American activists?”
“It’s a spell with a
“Ahhh, the StarkVault. You still think I hacked it, didn’t you?”
Aw, Cap, didn’t you read any Western pulps growing up? Everybody knows there’s only three locations that exist in a Western: The saloon, the jailhouse, and the whorehouse.
“Interesting,” says Natasha, “So if we see something like a cell phone in the noir novel, or a gun in the kids’ book, that could be it.”
to ease ENCHANTRESS’s burden on his friends.
“Belay that, JARVIS,” said Steve, as he fixed Tony with a look that was somewhere in the middle of irritated, anxious and incredulous.
, your hat is on
what a
“I can’t. I’m not gay."
,” said Natasha with a sly grin.
And Steve didn’t hesitate when he replied, “Alright, let’s do it.”
NATASHA is sitting at the poker table in front of a mountain of poker chips, as well as both ODIN’s and PHILLIPS’s clothes (they’re both in their long johns). IVAN has a small stack of chips in front of him. GALAGA GUY is now at the bar chatting with HAPPY in an undertone, and both are watching the poker game with unease. The hooting of an owl is still audible, and NATASHA looked up slightly when she heard it, and quirked the corner of her mouth into a small smile.
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
“About damn time,” said Clint. He was in his boxers, his janitor’s disguise folded neatly on the chair next to him. “Now hurry the hell up and
“Aww, Cap, don’t you want to hear my quips and innuendos?” Tony pouted.
“You can’t think too hard about details like that for a story like this. Besides, now that Nat can see we are appropriately goth and not posers, I’ll bet she wants to hear about the secret My Chemical Romance concert happening in the basement,” said Rony
Also, life hack: you can totally tell your dentist/doctor/whoever "I'm gonna need to take a few 30 second breaks" or  "I'd like to play some meditation music during my exam" or "I'm going to be playing with this fidget spinner as you go." If they're any good at what they do, they *want* you to be comfortable. You're not imposing if you ask for a quick breather between cleaning your top and bottom teeth.
Yeah, I’d love to add how badly I want to shove you against a wall and lick that arrogant smirk right off your face, but I guess that’s not important right now.
There was quiet for a few seconds, before Tony said, “Has Thor left yet?”
“You’re paying for that,” said Hammer.
“And ruin my reputation for being aloof and mysterious?” said Tony, because the only way he knew how to deal with an offer that tempting was to turn it into a joke.
I realized while I was writing this chapter that I never actually confirmed my hunch that the Cloisters was built after Steve would've gone into the ice and... yeah. Oops. Oh well, Buzzfeed made a mistake in this universe. I guess I could've hypothetically sent them to another, newer museum, but if you can't tell this fanfic is "Gogglor sends fictional characters to all the places she can't go during the pandemic," and boy do I miss the Cloisters.
“Backup power is officially no longer working,” said Tony from his position in the Tower as he typed meaningless garbage into his laptop (the worm he’d already sent into the backup generator was working just fine, but he knew the team would grouse at him if they didn’t hear furious typing at the other end of the comms while he “hacked”). “It’ll stay that way for two minutes. I hope you’re already down the vent, Widow.”
“Can’t do anything wrong,” he muttered to himself like a mantra.
Tony numbly watched Bruce steer Steve toward the elevator and willed his breathing to slow down. It was like his brain was screaming. This was the worst thing that had ever happened in his entire life. He needed to get the fuck out of here.
Tony reached for his wallet and suppressed the urge to roundhouse kick the Valentine’s Day gift card display.
Because this? Steve saying he wanted him? Tony didn’t have an answer to that. Well, that was a lie, one particular answer was practically screaming to get out, but—
“And that’s it?” asked Steve.
Steve laid back in bed, and found that somehow, it was easier to drift off when he knew that somewhere in Avengers tower, Tony Stark was thinking about him too.
Steve hesitated, but finally,
“Well done, Widow,” said Steve. “Let me know when you’re out.”
“Then I’m afraid the heist cannot continue,” said Thor. “Or at least, we must find another way to proceed.”
Now, without further ado, the thrilling conclusion.
“And he’s secretly a frost giant!” hollerd Ferard.
(in a Scottish accent)
“No, just… they’ll figure it out. They always do, eventually.”
“Oh you mean the weed brownies you baked for me, back at MIT? When I was your RA and therefore obligated to report illegal drugs on the floor?” said Rhodey.
“That doesn’t mean anything,” said Tony.
“Consent isn’t just about sex, Rogers. Take it from a guy who’s had a lot of it. If somebody wants to
“It isn’t fair for you and the people of Midgard to suffer for the choices I’ve made,” Thor insisted.
When I told my friends that sadly our plans would have to wait, I realized I’d have to fill them in. For the readers who are new to this blog, Amora (or as she’s known to her enemies, simply “Enchantress”) is a powerful Asgardian sorceress. Before I came to Midgard, I once faced off against her in a battle to enslave the minds of the entire population of a minor planet. I had thought she was serving a life sentence in Asgard’s dungeons, but she must have either escaped or gotten released, because now she comes here frequently to have dinner with Jane and myself. You can see previous accounts of dinners with Amora in my blog entries for
JARVIS raised the blinds enough to let in some of the early morning light, and Steve blushed. Tony could really play him like a fiddle.
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
3. EXT. GHOST TOWN MAIN STREET - DAY
“6 PM tomorrow. See you there,” said Tony, and he pressed the button on the steering wheel to end the call.
Steve put his hand against the side of Tony’s face and ran his thumb over his cheek.
“I am… about to spend…
“Sir’s presence is required at Stark Industries’ major client’s meeting in twenty minutes,” said Jarvis.
Steve blinked and said, “How—”
We lost so many good tongues in the dominance wars...
Alright.
“As soon as we switch universes again I am turning all of you into vermin,” spat Amora before Clint could stuff something in her mouth.
“Pepper—”
“Wait, what? I don’t remember her saying anything revealing,” says Tony.
weed ones,” said Tony. “And the robotics study group ended up having a
“JARVIS, code green!” shouted Tony.
“I— not here, Tony.”
“Have you met me?”
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “You like sleeping with me?”
“Then do not doubt mine as the god of thunder,” growled Thor. “I am ready.”
Notes
Image: A black and brown short-haired terrier mix looking at the camera
And they talked.
“45 seconds,” said Tony with a grin. Today might be horrible, but he was about to kick some ass with the team, and the adrenaline was starting to ratchet up in Tony’s veins.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs. Romanov, I don’t believe you’ve met our third player. This is John Peters. He’s a bible salesman passing through on his way to Defender. John, this is Mrs. Romanov. Her late husband owned the gold mine.
” wheezed Tony. “I am going to cherish that story until I
“That’ll be two hundred and forty nine dollars,” said the bored-looking teenager with chipped yellow nail polish.
as high stakes as yours were. You were selling war bonds! People you never met lived or died based on how well you did! And one day, when I am not drunk, we will talk about the alienation of labor and how it degrades the soul, but what’s important is that is literally the highest possible amount of pressure you can put on someone’s performance. Bigger performers than you would’ve broken under that weight. But not you, because you’re Steve fucking Rogers, the star-spangled Giles Corey. The whole damn world could be on your shoulders and you’d shout, ‘More weight!’”
, Tony, you are going to wait with me until he wakes up and then you are going to grovel with me so we don’t get
“No selfies, Clint. We don’t need anyone on the internet looking too close,” said Natasha as she shimmied inside the vent.
You lead them to the kitchen and make a stack of ham sandwiches, which everyone devours greedily. Tony, Nat and Steve all seem to be covertly whispering something to each other as they eat. Something about, “All of these options are terrible” and “Try them anyway.”
“Fuck!” Tony shouted as he rubbed his head against where it had slammed into the top of the casing. The suit had crashed into the wall, not hard enough to break through it but hard enough to jostle whatever was on top of it. Tony could hear what sounded like a couple of cinder-blocks tumble onto the floor.
Steve meant it when he said it. He really did. But ten hours later, Tony was letting out an exasperated groan and pulling back from kissing him in bed.
To us now? Not at all. But let’s just say kids from safe, happy homes don’t run away and join the circus to become trick shot superheroes.
“I want you to trust that sometimes I know what you’re signing up for better than you do, Steve,” said Tony. “And that I know
THOR punches HAROLD in the gut, causing him to double over.
, which was Tony’s favorite kind of project when he was her age). He’d also made a habit of going to her family birthday party with Pepper every year with whatever tech he thought would feed her interest. And even though Tony hadn’t blinked at missing board meetings, charity events, and SHIELD briefings while he was nursing his broken heart up in the lab, something about missing Olivia’s birthday party just felt like a bridge too far.
The above is displayed as written on a large paper pad
“Risky, Romanov,” said Clint with an infernal gleam in his eye. “I like it.”
“--think it was stupid, and I don’t. You’re a… what would Thor say? ‘An honorable warrior fighting for a worthy cause, Steven son of Sarah.’”
what’s happening here,” said… Doug? Doug had been consistently sweet and generally a great guy to be around all day. Where the hell was this coming from?
I know the blame is with Amora, but I am nonetheless responsible for dragging all of you through my own unfinished business.
Avengers show up on the same day… Hammer’s an idiot, but he’s not
ENCHANTRESS snaps her fingers. There’s an explosion high on the hill, as the GOLD MINE collapses in on itself, blocking the path back to the elevator.
It was at that point Steve realized neither Colleen nor Doug was walking with them in the direction of Tony’s suite. So Steve turned around and saw them both looking angry and embarrassed and like they wanted to be anywhere but here.
“Right after you get treated for your injuries.”
Steve rolled his eyes.
Barton, evasive maneuvers, pattern gamma. Romanov, fire at will.
“Its ok” I said & we frenched, our tongues battling for dominance.
“I stopped believing that less than a week into being your PA, Tony,” said Pepper even more irritably.
“No it’s not— well, it’s partly that,” said Steve. “It’s more that everything hinges on one person’s thought process. It feels so much riskier than anything we can punch.”
thought Tony as he ran his hands tenderly over the well-worn, well-loved and now well-done baseball cap.
Hey, it’s two birds one stone, right?
He can still hear Ares’s pitying disapproval echoing in his ears.
Most would claim that alcohol contradicts those points, but Tony is a god with a high tolerance. All it does is make him blissfully numb to the shouting and schmoozing and cameras.
“Think the guy’s a friendly?”
Hades eyes harden, “You do not. Remember that I have also been banned from Mount Olympus.”
As if reading his mind, Steve continues, “Because everything you’ve done makes me know one thing for sure.”
Young versus old.
He’s been the absolute worst to Rhodey. More than an asshole.
“Yes ma’am. I’ll be there.” Steve calls back, a second late.
It’s so much more difficult than you’d think to get out of a celebratory drink when a dozen other men are insisting on it. Especially when the men seem to be already drunk on their liberation from Hydra.
Then Steve steps out, sweaty and twice his original size. Hephaestus has no time to fully process that before a loud bang explodes the room into chaos. It’s almost painful holding himself back from helping.
“The hell I can’t!” he says. Steve braces his hands in the doorway and with a playful grin he raises one hand in a casual salute. “I’m a Captain!”
Bile forms at the back of his throat and Tony shuts his eyes tight enough that it’s painful.
Now isn’t the time to grieve. He can’t afford to mope around anymore. Not with so many dying and a suit of armor waiting for him downstairs.
“Tony?” Pepper's worry makes guilt manifest heavily in his stomach. He attempts a small smile for reassurance, but if the deepening of her frown is anything to go by, Tony only makes it worse.
There’s the click of the dial tone and Tony fights the urge to vomit.
Then another.
Before Tony can respond, heels tap a staccato rhythm up the stairs. They both turn at the sound to find Pepper, one freshly manicured hand on the rail and the other grasping her phone.
Tony has to hold in a scoff at that last statement.
He assumes the merging of memories made him pass out there for a few hours. Which, you know,
Hephaestus, feeling that Steve isn’t done, stays quiet.
Steve dives as if to catch him, but he’s far too late.
After the god of travels successfully snaps away undetected, if the rustle of disturbed foliage is anything to go by, Hades turns to Hephaestus.
It’s probably too much to hope that Tyche is on his side for this one, but he really has other things to worry about for the moment. Tony prays the goddess will give him a break.
But that’s a mistake.
The more time that passes, the more each memory feels like it’s become cemented as his own. Tony can attest to the fact that it's fucking disconcerting.
They get swept up in the chaos.
She helped him with his father’s anger. He doesn’t know why she chooses to come back and then stay, but she does.
The problem is he can’t access their files through the internet like he could for other organizations.
Confused and more than a little panicked, he bangs on the door in frustration. Steve and Bucky look at Tony with eyes blown wide.
The first stop is the bar because it damn needs to be.
The gun is aimed at Tony’s head.
Then through the murky shadows of the forest, Thor’s voice carries, jarringly soft, “The bearer of unwearied fire, flaming torrents bright.”
“If you call eating off task, then sure.”
And apparently even that’s not enough for Zeus to take him back.
He promises, even if it’s only to himself, that one day he’ll give each life the thought and respect they deserve.
Stomping, in a very dignified way mind you, Tony prepares himself to jump after them.
There are looks of bafflement, confusion, and awe, but the man never comments.
Tony almost wants to laugh he’s so incredulous that a group of humans were stupid enough to fish it out of the ocean in the first place.
Tony clenches his jaw. His temper flares and the building creaks dangerously in response. He forces himself to breathe.
Because that’s what she was, wasn’t she? Like him. Creation embodied, only instead of metal and machines, she was fresh fields and a brook in the meadows.
Phillips stares at Steve for a painfully long moment. When the Colonel finally gives a resigned sigh Hephaestus feels his shoulders drop slightly from released tension.
Before he can even think to stop himself Hephaestus reaches forward to give Steve a hug.
Tony finds himself wondering if the Fields of Punishment would be less torturous.
Steve’s already glacial eyes turn icy. A heavy feeling sets in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
It leaves Hephaestus feeling cold.
“Thoughts on the recruits? I know you’ll be turning in a formal assessment, but some general opinions would be appreciated.”
The possibility of endangering more people terrifies him, but he doesn’t know if he can hurt them more than he probably already has by acting the way he did.
Even without knowing what he is, the damage is clear.
Underneath Schmidt is nothing but a red skull.
He shakes his head, “But you need to remember that everything with the military is hush hush, so you can’t say a word of this to anyone. Seriously, even the American public thinks I’m just making innovations for the future or something.”
He doesn’t understand. He can’t-
Steve deserves someone worthy of his kindness. Hephaestus shouldn’t delude himself into believing that's him.
“Yeah.” Tony shrugs with a laugh of his own.
There’s far too much to think about. Too many factors to consider.
Hoping that it’ll all be worth it.
The annoyance in her tone begins to escalate into frustration. “Sometimes you don’t give me the information that I need–”
Former Brigadier James Montgomery Falsworth, British and not as proper as he seems, just smirks. Someone had to control the weapon on top of that half-track after all.
Heph-
She’s a brave soul, he’ll give her that.
When he does open the door to step out, the frigid temperature isn’t a shock, but Tony will admit the calm startles him a bit. Without any wind or snow to add to the thick blanket already on the ground, the sight looks like something that belongs in a postcard.
The emotion in JARVIS’s voice brings Tony’s attention to the AI immediately.
Tony grits his teeth as his thrusters push Mach 4. Going as fast as he is, it won’t take long to arrive at the party Loki is hosting.
They finally lock eyes and Steve takes a deep breath. Hephaestus hopes he finds the strength he just found in Steve. Hades will probably put him in the deepest pit of Tartarus for this.
Then Hades bursts into laughter.
The change in atmosphere seems to help his head clear up a little. He needs it considering that a month of voluntary solitary confinement (other than the occasional visit from the god of the dead) is a bit much. Even for him.
With so much on the line, Tony doesn’t try to hide his abilities from Yinsen, freely manipulating the cameras to hide their work and not attempting to slow down his process.
Gods, how can he keep forgetting that?
Shocker.
It’s time to finish this.
“No.” Steve admits. The man looks at his hands. It feels like the transformation was so many lifetimes ago. “I thought I knew what I wanted. The dream when we finally got to go home…”
Through it all though, they survive.
Many things about this throw Hephaestus off. (
? Actually I take that back. What are you wanting me to make you in return?”
To their absolute relief, Bucky makes it onto the other side. He swings over the opposite gate, his face twisted in pain. Hephaestus looks at Steve and the fire reflected in his gaze does nothing to hide how lost he looks. His desperation.
Hephaestus feels his own cheeks heat and ducks his head to hide it. He doesn’t know if he succeeds.
Steve hesitates for a second before returning Howard’s smile. Hephaestus can only watch in silent despair as the two exchange a firm handshake. It’s clear that the god of the dead has plans and for all that his biological father has helped him thus far, Hephaestus isn’t naïve enough to believe there are no ulterior motives.
“You say that now.” Koios looks over his shoulder. Heavy footsteps are heard in the train car behind him. “What you’ve witnessed today is only the beginning.”
No. No, he won’t let them die. He can’t let them die.
Tony was right.
The tie and suspenders Hades were wearing earlier are abandoned now. Instead, his sleeves are rolled up and a smudge of grease stains his collar.
He should be more conflicted than ever, fighting between guilt and fear, but he just builds the weapons for the military. He feels nothing.
Rhodey, who hadn’t actually seen the proof until now, lets out a shaky sigh. “Fuck, Tones.”
“Well hey, devil what say. Captain America in the flesh.” Dugan grins. “We were just talking about how you’re a high pill now.”
Hephaestus raises his eyebrows in a silent question.
He knew that there is a larger version of the arc reactor out there with Howard Stark’s name on it. It’s in a Stark facility for the whole world to see.
As strange and fucked up as it is, he can’t think of any other reason why something as trivial as his eye color would be changed so drastically.
A short roundabout the hallway and he finds himself entering just as the famously tempered Dr. Bruce Banner asks, “Iridium, what did they need the Iridium for?”
A silent promise to live up to the man Steve saw.
The wind picks up through the park and Tony rubs his hands over his arms.
Tony takes his time in the shower and then sets himself to shaving. After setting the aftershave down on the counter, he grips the edge and leans forward.
Hephaestus shakes his head and laughs. It’s one part disbelief and one part complete amusement in the face of this ridiculous, brave man. Bracing himself to follow, Hephaestus takes one last look at Hades. He doesn’t really know what to say to the man who is supposed to be his father.
they make it to the tower.
“Okay. Please let me know when you figure the last part out. I won’t ask for any details until we know for sure.” When he stands, the other two follow his lead and start toward the door.
As Hephaestus works to take out the final guard, Steve looks down to talk to the infantry who stood in attention when one of the wardens fell straight on top of their prison, unconscious.
Even with a crazed smile on his face and a watchful double conjured near the back, it’s the unnatural smoothness to main Loki’s gestures that makes all of Tony’s muscles tense.
Ivan Vanko seems to not care about his weapon’s wrath. He sneers at Tony who is now blocking the entrance.
The sparkling white dips in shallow valleys and rises in low hills, brilliant and not too bright.
To be honest, he wanted to call the whole thing off, but he can’t afford to miss the opportunity for good PR right now and he knows that.
The armor careens to the floor with a gesture and then begins to assemble for him to enter.
He shakes out his hands before reaching for the single cardboard box. It’s a bit sad looking, worn as it is, but his old identity is scrawled on the side in permanent marker.
It’s bordering on inappropriate how violent and bitter his fighting becomes.
He sees himself with small hands reaching for forbidden tools.
Tony tries to keep from visibly grimacing.
Studying his posture and violent grin, Tony realizes that Thor really believes he has the upper hand here.
Careful hands dab concealer on his face.
How di– Is he really–
When in reality, there’s what? An age difference of over six-thousand years? (
“Of course.” Hephaestus gestures Steve to follow him. They begin to walk to the edge of the base camp, away from any unwanted listeners and away from any reminder of the battle to come.
“Hephaestus.” Zeus nodded at his son from the center throne. The room felt impossibly magnificent and imposing.
” Steve’s voice is too painful to ignore. Tony forces his eyes to focus.
“Tony, who do you think locked you out?” Stane says, tone full of pity. “I was the one who filed the injunction against you.”
She was beyond frustrated and disappointed, but she took a deep breath. Let it out. Took another just to ring herself in.
For now, it’ll be easier if he just focuses on tomorrow.
He wonders if Koios knows how close he is to death. Despite what was implied earlier, he doubts the Titan cares either way.
A man is standing up. A man whose face is marred with wrinkles.
Maybe now he’ll at least get a chance to look around on his own. Hades may have given up on finding a way back, but Hephaestus needs to get back home.
“I do actually. I may even, when this is all over, go dancing.”
“Okay,” Hephaestus whispered, hands twitched from being restrained to either side of his body.
Hades only gives a smile that looks so, so sad. His face shows the centuries he’s seen even before Hephaestus was alive.
. Not only did Hephaestus let a crazy, power-hungry mortal get away with the power source, he did something that should have been impossible for any mortal to survive.
Pepper probably thinks it’s rude that he didn’t offer Agent Smith one.
Hephaestus notes that he said not to get
Fucking damn it he should have.
Tony grins. “Well, how about that?”
He firmly tells himself to focus and after a few seconds looks up. Steve’s eyes are still downcast. “Not that I don’t enjoy a good dancing monkey, but Steve?” He waits patiently until the other man looks up to catch his gaze.
Maria Stark looks at Howard, a disapproving frown on her lips. “Be nice dear, he’s been studying abroad.”
Hades shakes his head, “I apologize.”
“You only bring pizza from New York when you have bad news,” Tony says.
A distraction though (he can’t decide if it’s the good or bad kind), has been his impromptu job with Agent Carter.
Tony remembers Koios though.
And in the dark of a cold night, when he is alone with parents made of fake joy and a concern only for their reputation he remembers longing for the spring and her words.
“It’s just been a lot of yelling from the drill sergeants and attempts to strip us of our identities.” He looks like he’s trying very hard not to roll his eyes. “But I was expecting that. Bucky, the guy from the expo and my best friend from Brooklyn, had told me what it’s like. I just need to push through the physical training.”
“Yeah.” It takes all of his self-control not fidget or move his gaze away from the car’s window, but he succeeds. Barely. “Just ready to be home, Haps.”
Dugan loudly interrupts, likely more upset about the reminder of his recently lost cigarettes than anything else. (Hey, it's not Tony's fault he's so bad at poker. Last night was a fair game.) “Oh, go see the chaplain. You fellas are gonna drive me to go buy the farm.”
That must have been awkward with Hades's disappearance act and everything.
“What did I tell you? They’re all idiots. Easiest battle of the war.” Bucky nods in greeting to Steve before turning to Hephaestus. “And the mystery man himself.”
The admission makes something inside Hephaestus melt. He tightens his grip and allows himself to hold the embrace for a few more seconds before letting go.
He stifles a hysterical laugh.
The tension in her frame loosens, if only slightly. “Well unless it has anything to do with the company…”
The reminder of his new body makes Hephaestus automatically look at Steve up and down.
They die because of him.
The moment Rhodey grips his shoulder Tony deflates in relief. God or not, the trek through the desert was brutal. He walked through the sand for
He’s a fool for daring to believe the Fates would allow anything different.
He doesn’t know what he did to make the universe hate him so much, but all Hephaestus can focus on is the all-consuming pain. He can feel a throbbing ache all the way to his core.
But even as a dark power, there is no denying that, Hephaestus could not help but see a type of beauty in it. A memory of everything that was, an ancient sentience keeping watch over the world, a familiar hand in the darkness.
Yinsen is a fool, Tony yells and pleads and begs,
Tony is going to need at least five more shots of hard liquor to get through this conversation.
“Once I’m clear, turn this thing around and get out of here!” Steve doesn’t turn away from the door.
He even grew to resent the desire in the pit of his stomach.
Persephone.
Just thinking about it makes him feel slightly hysterical.
Perhaps worst of all, she doesn’t seem impressed by his sense of humor.
They die from weapons labeled with his own name.
But nothing could have prepared him for the dedication and courage that manifested so fully in Steve these last few days.
The room still spins, but the dizziness and queasiness in his stomach are caused partly by a deep concern. He’s never seen Steve look so terrified.
Otherwise his father would be very angry.
Or science in general.
The first sound of a loud trumpet blows as Hephaestus watches the morning sun peak over the horizon.
There’s a soft beep and whir of gears. A metal arm bumps into him, holding a ratty blanket.
Tony leans forward and begins to wrap the whips around the armor in a messed up version of cat’s cradle. Step by agonizing step, he pulls.
He even takes the time to theorize how Tony is able to connect to the network this way with JARVIS.
Besides his powerful urge to fix the thing, Hephaestus can’t help but be confused by Hades's actions.
It’s unimportant, a waste of valuable brain space, and has absolutely no precedence considering the context of the situation, yet Tony finds himself thinking it anyway.
Yet something still feels off.
Hera only saw symbols of power and standing.
“Mr. Stark, you’ve become part of bigger universe. You just don’t know it yet,” the far too dramatic man continues.
He gets up from his seat and stretches his arms over his head, back arching.
Well. It appears that the goddess of luck, Tyche, has abandoned him just like his father.
It’s a bad night. Which, considering how manic and self-destructive he’s been since arriving back on Earth from Titan, Tony will admit that’s saying something. Some would say he needs to stop, slow down, or he’ll kill himself, but god he can’t bring himself to care.
“I expect everyone to be up by 04:30 then. We’ll start moving at 05:00 to make the hike. Jones you’re still first watch.”
Tony’s never done this before, but he has a feeling that being able to connect to not only machinery, but technology will help him find as many Stark Industries weapons as possible.
Now, his goal is solely to follow Steve and keep him safe the best he can. It still catches him off guard sometimes when he thinks about how approving Hades is of his new mission.
(A firm reminder, no
“Good. Perfect timing then.”
Tony chokes out. “And I just–”
How dare he come here?
Hephaestus tilts his head to really look at Hermes for a second. This is the first time they’ve had an actual conversation and oddly enough, he’s nothing like what he expected.
Hades gets up as well and walks behind Hephaestus to observe his work. “Every pulse of exhaust gas would shove a little more air into the intake, and thus the intake air pressure would be increased. The exhaust pulses would have to be synchronized though with the engines combustion cycle, but if I just modify the distance from the exhaust header to the drum itself…” Hephaestus jots down the approximation and puts down the pencil once satisfied with the schematic.
“Well, I hope I live up to your expectations.”
Hephaestus shifted in his seat slightly.
Steve, still short and looking somewhat shy, stands in front of his table holding a battered tray.
“Then understand it somewhere else. If I read the posters right, you’ve got some place to be in a half-hour.”
He did say running before walking is necessary sometimes, but seriously he did not mean to imply live projectiles is the best way to learn defensive maneuvers.
This Howard is human and made of flaws taken out on a child that was desperate for love, for any type of attention.
is right.
Thank the fucking gods, their little group understands that, on a deep instinctual level. So they survive by shamelessly distracting one another.
“Oh Tony, you really think, just because you make something it belongs to you? The pieces of the suit you left behind will change the world. The Arc Reactor will create a new era of beautiful weapons to put the power back in the right hands.” Stane points to himself, “Our hands. You just keep things so close to your chest and Vanko, my very own guardian angel, figured out what was missing.”
“Yeah.” He shakes his head, “They started us off on a 10-mile hike.”
But Jarvis helped him survive in the times where it was impossible to remember anything but the empty rooms and bottom of a bottle.
Steve, with a face serious enough to win any poker game says, “Sure. I’ve knocked out Adolf Hitler over 200 times.”
“I’ve already replaced the exhaust system, added an adjustable suspension system, all the bells and whistles. The bike still isn’t fast enough.” Hades runs a frustrated hand through his hair, smearing grease and causing sections to stand up in messy tufts.
If this is how the US treats their own soldiers, Hephaestus shudders to think about the internment camps for the citizens of this country.
His name is Tony now
When Ares finally strode out of the room Hephaestus let out a breath he hadn’t been aware of holding.
Should he really trust a god that seems so far removed from the truth?
and if anyone deserves the best Hephaestus can offer it’s Steve.
It’s time to use the weapons he’s spent all his life building.
Well, not problem solving exactly, because that’s Athena. She would make him do weapons resistance training for several days straight if she ever heard him say otherwise.
Irony of those statements aside, Tony doesn’t like what Fury is insinuating. He chose to poke the bear, he knows that, but he can’t afford to be a player in whatever game this is man is playing.
Other than the punch straight to the nose he saw on his first day here, Hephaestus has gotten to know her through several hours in the practice field. He didn’t realize he was signing up for so much commitment when he volunteered his services out of a need to
He wonders what interesting food they serve in the military.
Many forget, but Hephaestus was not just the god of forgery, but the god of fire.
His strength won’t return fully immediately, but he doesn’t waste any more time now that his energy is coming back. Tony throws himself into his work with a renewed vigor, the doctor by his side.
Tony knows he should be upset. Angry and frightened for Steve and the danger he left everyone in, but he doesn’t have the energy.
He ends up conversing with every one of his bots. Dum-E. Butterfingers. U. It’s more emotional than he’d admit, but fuck what else can he say? These were his kids in a way. Even if he created them before the memory dump.
Someone he can count on that won’t leave or be hurt in the aftermath of Tony’s fuck ups.
No word.
Fire against ice.
– until Steve.  Stubborn, breathtakingly clever Steve actually did it.
“That’s not true.” Rhodey pulls back a little to look at his face. “You didn’t pull the trigger, you hear me? You are not responsible for that.”
He stares at four ounces of relapse.
So he crafts a shield only a hero can bear.
He hesitates for a few seconds longer, internally debating, before sliding the chip on the desk, over to his friends. “I can’t do this alone. Please.”
(He doesn’t have a problem. It’s
He lets out a slightly hysterical laugh and clutches them to his chest.
On the third day of working, he finishes synthesizing his element, the Vibranium glowing even more brightly than the Palladium in his chest.
“You know as well as I do that father would be angry if the forgery is not done on time.”
Of course, it wasn’t enough.
That’s a promise that Tony can’t make, but he holds onto Rhodey just as tightly.
freaking out I’d be worried.”
Steve wanders over to a dartboard on the wall next to their table, casual and confident. It’s absurd how this is the same man who, just a few moments before, was bashful in the face of a simple compliment. He picks up a dart and weighs it before throwing a bullseye. Steve blinks in surprise, but attempts to school his expression.
He can’t help the power that thrums through his veins though, his ichor feels like it’s burning, so close to one of the few things that fuel him. He hasn’t felt like this since before he fell. It’s amazing and completely terrifying.
It’s not like the reason Ares hadn’t come yet is his deformity. He wouldn’t care about that.
Tony sighs. “I’m going to stop you there.”
Tyche must really be with them because not a second later they hear a distinctly American accent yelling. Without hesitation, Hephaestus and Steve break into a run to follow the sound.
The Colonel looks furious for a moment, and then he just deflates. Pepper’s resolve visibly breaks with it.
The prisoners gather around the two men, waiting for direction. Orders. Something. Hephaestus looks at Steve who looks lost in thought.
He’s really wrong about the worst things. Damn it, Rhodey.
Of course the whole thing shatters.
He looks down and his eyes widen in shock.
Hades snaps his fingers and looks excited for a moment, “And with Doctor Abraham Erskine! He’s a man you’ll meet very soon. I met him at an international conference in Geneva, Switzerland several years ago. Brilliant man, but wasn’t working on our side until I participated in a rescue operation with SSR agent Peggy Carter. She’s also brilliant! A firecracker that one…” he trailed off, but quickly got back on topic.
Shut the government up while soothing his deeply-rooted desire, well,
“Welcome to the Modern Marvels Pavilion and the World of Tomorrow. A greater world, a better world.” A man’s voice booms loudly, and Hephaestus watches the mass of people walking around from his place backstage.
He knows Apollo, god of the sun, music, and all things happy (The last one isn’t true. Hephaestus just thinks the younger deity was way too fucking chipper all the time.) is controlling the sun chariot currently making its way across the sky.
He blinks once, hoping the image is a fluke, but the schematic doesn’t change.
When the woman turns around, he sees that she’s beautiful, stunning and strong. Vibrant red lips and a distinct jawline.
“That’s amazing, kid. Also nothing I could have thought up on my own.” It’s startling to realize that the words don’t sound malicious at all. Hades sounds
Tony’s got too much baggage anyway.
From the back of the Quinjet, Tony only half-heartedly pays attention to Romanoff and the conversation she has with Fury.
Tony doesn’t recognize Pepper has entered his workshop until she speaks right behind him. “I’d ask if you heard the intercom, but clearly you’ve been a bit preoccupied.”
“I know your soul is in Elysium, busy bonding with the other great heroes of the universe.”
Tony sits and grabs a slice of inferior pizza to give his hands something to do. “What happened at the meeting?”
doesn’t want to) but Hephaestus knows that supporting Steve is the right thing to do.
“You know, this is your legacy. Your work in the hands of those murderers.”
about sharing what he loves with someone else who is just as passionate.
“So we’re running like hell and of course the first thing this guy does, crazy son of a bitch, is get in the half-track!” The words themselves may be judgmental, but Private Gabe Jones, recently freed POW from the 107th, sounds nothing less than kind and teasing.
(Tony could mourn the coherency he used to have before developing a coffee addiction, but deems it unimportant.)
“No!” Tony forces the suit to go faster, but he knows he won’t get there in time to stop the devastation.
energy, ripples through the Earth like an emergency flare begging for any good Samaritan’s attention.
“I guess I just don’t understand your sense of humor, Doctor.”
“How do I get back?”
He will learn to enjoy this damn it. If the mortals can do it, so can he!
Schmidt must be furious with each base they’ve managed to successfully destroy.
Okay, it’s time to get up anyway.
Steve stops walking to look at Hephaestus. It feels like his eyes cut through every lie. His eyes cut through everything and see
Because that metal in this chest?
It isn’t always so suffocating. Tony thinks it’s when the silence casts over them, thick and unyielding, that the ghosts threaten to take the soldiers down with them.
His breath catches in his throat. He wants to argue. He wants to rally with every point that proves himself as otherwise. Steve doesn’t know about the destruction he caused. Steve doesn’t know that he’s not even human.
“Took you long enough.”
Tony looks up to find veins of electricity running up and down what can only be described as a pair of whips. The crude harness is frightening in its unpredictable nature, causing surges of energy to pierce the ground at sudden, random intervals.
Tony can only watch in horror as Bucky throws himself in front of him and directly into the line of fire. Steve whips the shield off his back to protect his best friend, but it doesn’t work.
He watches as Rhodey waits for him to continue, and then sighs in exasperation.
Tony jumps a little, hands almost burning. He calms down quickly, simultaneously upset at himself for the overreaction and embarrassed. He knows they’re all as on edge as he is, but that doesn’t excuse Tony for being careless.
Steve slides into the seat directly in front of him. “Oh. Okay. Uh, thanks.” He then raises a blonde eyebrow, “Special division huh?”
Dean trudged down the stairs to be greeted by the sight of Steve and Tony waiting for him at the breakfast table.
"Clint! You don't know what he's doing right now! He could be in an important meeting, hang up!" Tony insisted.
"You really think so?" Sam asked, bringing Dean out of his thoughts.
“If there’s any information available on your father, we’ll know within a week.”
Anyways, enjoy the half-edited short chapter and my apologies!!!
"Hey, Sam?" Dean called out. The teen was sitting on his bed, fiddling with his phone as he watched Sam pack his backpack before getting into bed, the nerd. Dean had come back from his therapy session only a couple hours earlier and had been working himself up to actually have the talk with Sam.
feel the need to.” Steve clarified, sending his husband a slight glare.
Tony smiled, and shared: "We love you, Natasha. Steve and I would move heaven and earth to make you smile."
"Hey, you take what you can get," Bucky laughed along with him. "There's my Stevie. Or, is it Tony's Stevie now?" he teased.
Looking down, Natasha bit her lip as guilt washed over her. She used one of the few signs she knew.
"Yeah, that's it."
"No."
"Well then, you and I are kinda the same there. Apparently a lot changes in a decade and trust me, it feels like I'm experiencing this country for the first time too," Bucky smiled.
Tony brushed his hand through Deans hair then stood to help Bruce. As Steve made his way over to Dean, the teen saw that Tony was talking quietly to Bruce.
The car stopped.
“Time is a wonderful healer, sweetheart.” Steve gave a soft smile.
“You mean you had sex with this girl?” She asked in the same tone.
I know there are going to be mixed feelings about this chapter, so I'm sorry and you're welcome!!
“Sam, please sit down.”
With every child that made their way up to bed, Steve followed.
"He didn't ask you to."
“Can I see Steve and Tony now?” The teen whispered, clearly dismissing the man that did so much for him, that
Dean eyed the man, then the offered hand. Instead of taking the hand, Dean swept out his legs and caused Steve to fall to the mats.
Bucky's eyes softened. "The ballerina. I look forward to watching a recital once I'm sprung."
“It definitely would’ve been,” Clint confirmed, only to be met with a look of fake betrayal from his father.
"Um, you guys slept in and so we made you guys breakfast downstairs."
Tony wrapped his husband in a hug and kissed his shoulder. "I know. I feel the same way. I would die for those boys in a heartbeat, same as Thor, Bruce, Loki, Nat and Clint. In everything but paper they are already our sons." Tony whispered.
“Hey, it’s what I would’ve done at his age!”
Slowly, Nat nodded, glaring at the officer to promise unspoken pain if she were lying. Despite her mistrust, something about the woman, whether it was her smile or her kind eyes, reminded Natasha of her mother. If the officer did put her in prison, at least Clint would be safe and cared for. Natasha didn't matter. Clint did.
The colour followed Natasha, no matter how many times she cut her hair with rusted kitchen shears or washed her hands, she couldn't stop seeing that colour. Every time she closed her eyes she saw the man, dead, surrounded by blood, or the faceless men that made the blood come out of her instead, and with it, the feeling of overwhelming fear and helplessness.
Steve, who was seated on Dean’s other side, placed a hand on the boy’s knee. “Dean, darling, I know you’re nervous, but you have to relax. Everything is fine, you’re completely safe.”
“It’s true,” the man continued. “Do you know what his therapist said before the two of you came to us?” Dean shook his head slowly. “They said apart from some abandonment issues from your father leaving, he’s a well-adjusted ten-year-old boy. Which is incredible, considering everything he’s been through, and it’s all because of you, Dean.”
Loki huffed. "What does it matter? I did something wrong, I get punished, right?"
"I have like, one naked picture of me. You have like twenty!" the boy responded, laughing as well. The brothers were pulled from their musings with the arrival of the rest of the Stark clan.
Steve smiled. "We do. I was a Captain in the army and saw a lot of hard stuff. I came back with Post Traumatic Stress."
“Steve,” Tony’s voice was shaking as he rested a hand on his husband’s shoulder. “I think we need to take him to the hospital. Who knows what could’ve happened? All Sam said was that Dean got hurt and that’s why he took the pills. He could be bleeding internally, or broken a bone or-“
With a resounding push from the kids, Steve’s flight was scheduled the following week.
LONG CHAPTER ALERT, YOU'RE WELCOME
Natasha ignored the woman and pressed on.
Posting a chapter early to make up for the fact that I won't be posting one next Tuesday due to holidays!
This chapter has not been edited (someone invent a time machine to give us more time in a day LOL)
Dean studied the other boy. “I’m really sorry that happened to you, Loki. And I’m sorry that this is what we have to do to get Odin to stop, but it is.”
Tony laughed once again. "I'll get right on that."
"I can't tell you that, Dean. The only person that can answer that is in the ground. Do you have a theory?"
This caused Becky to grip Deans hair. Hard.
"I know what my dad taught me." Dean responded. "Where is this going?"
Another huge thank you to my beta for all her help and I can't wait to read all of your reactions to this chapter!!!
"But that's different! Sex isn't like drug or alcohol, they can't poison me!" Dean defended. Tony squeezed Dean's hand and sighed.
As much as Dean could never believe that they would ever hurt anyone, let alone Loki, Dean had enough experience to know that you never judged a person by what you know about them.
With a kiss to the boy's head, the man responded: "I'll miss you more."
do you get off on talking about me to Sam?" he yelled, absolutely fuming with rage.
"Tony, are you sure there was ever even an issue? I mean-"
It's the strangest thing because the older god has an expression on his face that can only be described as soft. Hephaestus didn't know the god of the dead could look that way.
Tony breaks into a sprint once outside and finds his car with a quick mental scan.
As a matter of fact, he kind of likes it.
“Well then, this is a very important week for you. Isn’t it?”
Steve doesn’t seem to hear him. “I don’t need the whole list. Just one name. Sergeant James Barnes from the 107th.”
He needs this reminder while he’s on Earth. It’s too easy to abuse his power here, his inability to die.
Then there was Thanos.
There are no final words. No last quips or one liners.
Hephaestus watches the color fade from Steve’s face. The devastation is terrible. Steve turns with a lost look that Hephaestus can’t stand. He can only hope that his unwavering support and desire to help comes through in his answering gaze. His dedication to Steve should probably terrify him, but in that moment it doesn’t.
Earth isn’t actually aware of life outside of their own solar system, but he would hear gods (Ares) talk about visiting constantly.
“Vibranium,” Hephaestus says, “A metal that’s stronger than steel and a third of the weight. It actually absorbs kinetic energy so bullets feel like almost nothing.”
Phillips looks at him for a moment. “Lieutenant, I’m glad to have you on board. It’ll be great to get an opinion from someone who’s not a complete egghead.”
There's no point, because Steve rewards him with a beaming smile that Hephaestus can't help but return.
A woman begins talking and from what he hears, she sounds confident and very no-nonsense.
Bucky and Steve stand on either side of Tony in defensive stances. They don’t have to know what’s happening to understand the threat in that statement.
So Hephaestus doesn’t mind if Steve stays with him. He understands far too well how Steve’s presence alone, his light and hope, is powerful enough to be that anchor when everything else floats away with the rest of the chaos.
“Child, you seem to misunderstand. All of humanity can be slaughtered for all I care. They are merely a vehicle for a greater purpose. One I must agree is necessary for the goal we desire.” He sighs as if sparring innocent lives is an inconvenience. As if Tony should be grateful for his so called mercy.
He fucked up.
Hades voluntarily went to ground and it seems like his wife was left to pick up the pieces. The pieces being Tony and the fall that should have killed him.
It’s foreshadowing something.
But they worked. Somehow.
Thankfully, he hasn’t had to yell like a drill sergeant. Just watching the sped up version of basic has been enough to bring back a plethora of awful memories, thank you very much.
“Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division,” Hermes finishes.
“I’ll take care of the rest of your identity, so you don’t need to worry about that.” Hades speaks without turning around, and gestures for him to walk faster.
For a second Steve stiffens in the embrace and Hephaestus’s screams at himself internally for fucking everything up because despite how much he tries he never seems to
Tony hates himself for even considering putting her in danger, but the numbers in his head aren’t lying. She has the greatest chance of getting it done safely.
Her brows furrow at the non sequitur. “What are you talking about?”
The voices of Allied soldiers, slurred from the consumption of too much liquor,  join together in a song with lyrics that are impossible to understand, but feel like companionship all the same. For a few minutes, the three men just listen.
He really needed the distraction.
“I helped you.”
, fuck his insatiable curiosity) all he could make out at first was the large crowd of GI’s and a man on stage wearing a skin-tight red, white, and blue costume.
“Hello. How can I help you?” A young woman stands with a polite expression on her face. Blonde, with sweet heart lips and clear blue eyes.
It’s odd because it isn’t what it used to be.
They didn’t discuss it beforehand, but he’ll let himself be the new chew toy of Hades’s three-headed guard dog, Kerberos, before letting Steve do this alone. He didn’t need to grab much before the mission, so in the down time Hephaestus tinkered with a few things that could help them with the captured infantry.
It takes Tony aback, realizing how much these people actually care about him.
“We might have to make a quick stop.” Howard doesn’t sound very apologetic. He should. Tony remembers work and the refusal to stop for anyone. Even if he missed a holiday with his son or made an empty promise to his wife.
“He turns.”
Hephaestus, despite living for thousands of years, thinks he’s finally beginning to understand what that means.
His suit is too tight.
Silence.
It’s a slow, but peaceful couple hours. Usually Tony wouldn’t appreciate the time alone with only his thoughts. Oddly enough though, the walk calms them instead. Tony chooses not to question it.
Tony had hoped that the Tesseract was lost with time, but he’s never been that lucky. Fury had actually put the cursed thing in the file. Tony was just hanging onto that last thread of denial.
Jacques Dernier, who has eyes too full of mirth for a man that specialized in explosives for the French Resistance, laughs, '
The latter was more so because of his connection to metal working. The thing was archaic, a simple pulley system, and yet the recruits fell over themselves to climb the pole with the halfway point flag –
Tony hasn’t let himself think about Steve. He knows if he lets himself properly mourn he’ll break down completely.
“I mean, it's not technically accurate. The suit's a gold-titanium alloy, but I’ll give it to them. It is kind of evocative, the imagery, anyway.”
Maybe.
It’s an unspoken rule to never touch a soldier who’s caught up in a personal nightmare. Most of the men in his unit have flashbacks. Tony knows his panic isn’t the same, but he isn’t ignorant to the fact that it’s easy to misinterpret it that way.
“Tony?”
(“I know there’s still a lot you haven’t told us, but you’re still our Tony.”)
Stares.
It’s all always been a mystery to the god of fire, but humans caught his attention.
It's so strange that he feels caught up now on the Earth’s politics. Particularly current events and World War II.
A reminder. A homecoming.
“I have been searching for qualities beyond the physical,” Erskine agrees.
It wasn’t really on his agenda this morning so Pepper might be a little peeved, but Tony finds himself driving up to Disney Concert Hall anyway, armor case in the trunk.
He would have driven himself into insanity if the older god hadn’t allowed him to access to a lab after their first conversation.
“Yeah?”
“The more I think about it, the more it makes sense actually.” God of trade, thieves, roads, persuasion…
Tony buries his face back into the man’s neck to hide the tears welling up in his eyes. Gods, what did he do to deserve Rhodey? “Thanks.”
He tries to focus on the loud
“When did you become an expert at thermonuclear astrophysics?”
All jokes aside, Pepper and Rhodey have taken his god status extremely well. It constantly catches him off guard, just how accepting they’re both being, because he doesn’t think he’d be able to give himself the same courtesy.
He doesn’t want to, (he really,
Tony is back home, prying off the mutilated pieces of the suit, when he gets a message from Rhodey that he’s coming over with Pepper. There’s also a threat to his life if he tries hiding, but Tony wasn’t exactly planning on it in the first place.
With more care than he thought possible, Steve presses his lips gently across his cheek. He holds him like he’s something precious.
Rhodey’s scowl is adorable.
Because one minute he was gulping down stale coffee, pouring over profiles and reading about the more recent advancements in thermonuclear astrophysics, and the next both his internal and external systems were screaming.
Tony smiles. He’d recognize that old coding anywhere.
Hephaestus won’t lie, he loves the way Steve’s face lights up when he spots him. He tries to keep his demeanor as casual as it was previously, but he fails if Hades and his teasing smile are any indication.
His eyes, usually blood red, were not something that scared Hephaestus. But the deep rust they had turned made the boy tense.
It’ll be just like ripping a Band-Aid off.
Walking through the audience, Hephaestus hears several exclamations, but randomly focuses on the “Holy cow.” he hears from someone to his right. The voice likely belongs to the guy in a military uniform. Curious, he tries to maneuver closer.
Truly left with no other choice, at the end of his rope, Tony drops all pretenses of being human.
Hephaestus though, is a name that only brings bloodshed. There are things he’s done centuries ago that can never be made up for.
This isn’t Hades.
Earth, a planet part of Yggdrasil (the world tree), held so much undiscovered potential, and therefore so much time from the gods. They had decided to make the planet unlike any other creation.
The others have gone out to see if the local village will spare them some supplies (Read: liquor.) while Tony volunteered to stay and watch the temporary camp they made.
Hera was silent as Zeus stepped closer to the younger god.
“Thousands of years ago something containing your element crash landed on Earth. It had long-lasting effects I never could have predicted.”
The explosions to destroy the facility have left the floor an array of smoke and fire. The men are on opposite sides of a catwalk and Hephaestus rushes up the staircase on Steve’s side to avoid the flames. He doesn’t want to have to explain why his clothes are burnt and not his skin on top of everything else.
He discards ideas concerning the wheels, formulas for better fuel efficiency, and alternate engines. The air flow however, continues to badger his thoughts.
It hits Tony that it
Just thinking about it makes Hephaestus’s hands slightly twitchy again, like with the automobile, but he can (will) control himself.
. The one in the gun is just a derivative, but this has to have been around been around before he was even born.
(See the end of the chapter for
Phillips nods right in a silent request for a walk away from potential listeners. Hephaestus complies.
The source of the alien power is in the facility. He doubts he has time to find it without revealing he’s not as mortal as he pretends to be.
The bastard of a child was not worth her tears.
Tony forcefully, almost painfully, relaxes his hands and inhales the car’s recycled air.
How can Hades expect him to choose if he hasn’t even been kept informed? It’s as he predicted and really, there’s no satisfaction in being right about that.
Getting to hear his stories about his mom, Bucky, a neighborhood in Brooklyn where Steve got into a fight in almost every alley and corner, makes Hephaestus only want to know more.
Because that one word wavered heavily with emotion.
“Kind of catchy. It's got a nice ring to it.”
“Don’t I?” Schmidt swings, but Steve blocks it with his shield. His fist leaves a noticeable dent in the steel.
“Phillips believes this super soldier is going to be the first of a group to personally escort Adolf Hitler to the gates of hell,” Hephaestus argues. “Never mind that it doesn’t exist. It’ll be hard to get him to risk that.”
"What do you mean?" Sam asked, both in alarm and confusion.
ONLY 2 CHAPTERS LEFT!!
Done with the defensiveness, Dean pulled the laptop away from Loki, slamming it shut in the process.
Despite the annoying soundtrack, the general atmosphere of the household was one of joy; everyone was exchanging smiles as they made preparations and wrapped last-minute gifts.
“I’m not going for them or for some higher being, Sam. I’m going for you. Giving you a good fucking Christmas for once.”
that someone needs help, you have to tell someone, Samuel.” The huge man knelt down and placed a hand on the boy’s shoulder, uncharacteristically somber. “Even if they say they are fine, there is no harm in getting someone with knowledge and experience to voice their opinion on the matter. When it comes to someone’s health and safety, nothing is more important. Do you understand, young one?”
Steve was beat red as he opened the door again, refusing to look Dean in the eye as he sat in his chair once more.
"Now why would you say that, Sammy?"
The Captain smiled. "How to Train Your Dragon it is."
"I just came from sparing with him and afterwards? Nothing. Sat perfectly still!" The man was grinning ear to ear, excitement exuding from him like sun rays.
Tony threw his hands up in exasperation.
“You got a condom?” She panted into his mouth.
Dean didn't sleep at all.
"Does my five thousand dollar suit suggest I'm anyone else? You must be the poor best friend that kept my husband alive long enough to see his twenty-first birthday."
"Well, there ya go then. Maybe he was such a dick because he missed the dude," Dean smirked into his pillow. Sammy didn't need to know everything, right? Though, to be fair to Sam, he was entirely correct in that Loki had, indeed, been 'not awful' lately.
"Hi, everyone!" Steve called out when Tony stepped back.
"Oh. Okay. I've never heard it shortened before. I guess it makes it easier to say, but it's the same number of syllables, why not just-"
Laughter was her favourite when it was manageable. Hearing Clint laugh made the colour fade so much that she could barely see it around the corners of her vision.
Dean started to panic. Bobby's number never changed. Ever. He always said that he was the one constant in the hunting world, that anyone who needed help could get it if they phoned his number.
“First off, you’re fourteen. That’s gross. And you don’t need me to hold your hand. You’ve seen shit and you need to talk about it.”
“Dean made those too,” Nat spoke quietly. “He said he finished them before dinner was done.”
"Better." He took a deep breath, his voice still shaking slightly. "I'm sorry-I-"
The kids are doing fine, they miss you too, of course, but none of their therapists are reporting anything new so…. At least there’s that.
“I’m sorry,” Loki replied somberly.
doing this to punish you."
"We're gonna go home." The girl's voice was emotionless, mechanically holding an arm out for Clint to grab onto.
“Well, then there’s no reason for him not to tell us!” the man responded, agitated at the lack of progress they were making.
"Okay Dean," Tony started, pulling his eyes away and looking at Deans face. "Why don't you explain what that was about."
Dean shrugged. "I fight?"
"Are you trying to keep your kids from me, Stevie?"
Dean turned and smiled, his eyes bright with excitement. "Hi." He set the contents of his arms on the table and paused next to the Captain, before throwing his arms around the man. He buried his face in the neck of his adoptive father and smiled as he felt strong arms wrapping around him. Taking a deep breath, Dean whispered: "Welcome home, Papa."
“This idiot, I swear to god,” Dean muttered as he pushed himself up and stomped as quietly as he could up the stairs and knocked on Loki’s door. The teen had to knock three times, his anger rising with every second the door remained shut.
"Dean what the heck? I was just asking a question!" Sam pushed his brother away from him, annoyed. The older boy blinked a couple times before looking up at the couple.
“I’m sorry I’m such trouble. I mean, Nat, you stopped talking again because of me!” he emphasized.
The subject was quickly dropped.
"Just because she won't talk to you?"
"But what if we refuse to let them escalate the situation. Stop the conversation any time it gets heated?"
Tony closed the gap between them and pulled away, smiling. "As sure as the day I married you."
Dean responded with his own huge smile. "That's awesome, Sam! I'm really happy for you!"
"Yeah, stupid science," was Dean's response, which got the reaction he was hoping for when both Sam and Bruce took offense and started to explain why science wasn't 'stupid, it's the building blocks of life! How can that not be fascinating?'
Clint smiled at the teen gratefully. "It's okay, I'll help," he muttered and stood to start collecting the fallen flowers.
She'd almost forgotten she could see the colour without the darkness of night and the sound of violence. It lingered on the outskirts of her vision, but if she tried, she could almost pretend it wasn't there during the day. Until she had a half-day of school and came home earlier than expected.
"They also refused to be separated. Apparently on threats of violence and disappearance if their case worker even suggests it. There aren't any other places that will take the two of them, you two are their only shot."
Hades doesn’t waste any time. “This is why we’re here.”
He was unfit to carry the shield and authority of Captain America.
Before he can ask however, Steve catches his line of vision.
“I think I can help with that.”
In the end, two men are dead and a scientific breakthrough is lost.
With directions to the lab from a secretary working near the front, Hephaestus makes his way through the halls and to Hades.
It probably means something that when particularly anxious, Hephaestus instinctually jumps at the chance to create solutions for problems (real or metaphorical) that are easily fixed with a tool or machine.
But Tony has had this itch under his skin for a while. A need to lash out against the universe that decided to fuck him over so thoroughly.
Hera picked up her wine again. Hephaestus stared at Ares. Maybe if he wished hard enough, Ares would understand and they could leave.
Well, it turns out they weren’t.
Then the strangest thing happens.
“The rest of the raw materials Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily.  The only major component he still needs is a power source of high-energy density.  Something to kick-start the Cube,” Tony finishes explaining.
“I built,” he glanced up at his father. He could not mess up again, but his tongue wasn't working properly and if he elaborated he knew nothing good would come of it.
Reading gives his hands something to do besides fidget.
Tony blinks, hard.
(If only it was that painful.)
Hephaestus just hopes Steve and Bucky brush it off as adrenaline.
“What?”
“You said you thought I was worth more than this. Did you mean that?”
The walk from the car to inside the building predictably consists of too many high pitched squeals and camera flashes. He stalks past most of it without a glance, although he does speak to Obadiah for one uncomfortable moment if only to keep up appearances.
Mjölnir was made to create, damn it. Not for this nonsense.
A loud bang resonates from behind the Titan. Before either of them can react, the door crumbles, flying off the hinges and nearly hitting Koios.
“I’m ready,” he said quietly, when they got to the large wood doors.
“We need you to look this over first. As soon as possible.”
The snow crunches softly under his boots and the rock he’s sitting on is not the most comfortable thing, but the campfire roars up with a comforting steadiness.
He’d rather do it now, on his own terms, then drag it out.
Hephaestus takes a deep, shaky breath. A thought occurs to him that he wishes he didn’t have to voice aloud. “Even if we become sure we’re facing something that threatens our universe, I don’t think most of Olympus will listen to us.”
(He got into the Pentagon when he was twelve with just a laptop and his need to prove himself among a bunch of high schoolers.)
The man stares at him, and Hephaestus becomes more and more aware of the hidden power surrounding him.
Hephaestus wants to curse Steve’s tendency to believe the best in others.
"This reminds people that one day it will though. Although I don't know if flying cars will quite make it there."
). Thus, back to back chapters. Let's not question it.
He can’t see it, but he just knows Rhodey rolls his eyes. “Well, I’ve got some serious news. The base just got word of a weapons depot that was blown up a few clicks from where you were being held captive.”
What? Hephaestus did not understand. What did that mean?
With a sigh and quick pat good-bye to his bots, he heads upstairs.
His finger moves to pull the trigger.
He looks down for a moment at his feet buried beneath the payment. His hand is shaking, but slowly he clenches his fist. Tony takes all of the pain and shoves it deep, deep down like he’d been trained to do for centuries on Olympus.
Gods, wanting to protect Steve was something he wanted even before. He won’t kid himself.
“They’re thirty miles behind the lines. Through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We’d lose more men than we’d save. I don’t expect you to understand that, because you are a chorus girl.” Maybe Hades would forgive him if he caused one little accidental fire? Just one?
This is all his fault.
“I have no doubt in your ability.” The god of war replied, and with the hand previously placed on Hephaestus’s neck, he slapped his back once.
The tense lines of their shoulders are at odds with the peaceful landscape around them though. Tony easily falls into formation with Steve leading the team through the forest. Guns drawn, their eyes scan for any sign of a potential attack.
