Strangely, Dean chuckled.  “Well, that’s a first.  You’re not trying to rip my throat out or something.”  He’d propped his elbow on the open window frame, cheek cradled in his hand.  “So, Fireball; what the hell do you want with me?”
It might not be the brightest idea but Castiel pulled out his cell phone, finger hovering over Singer’s number.  It might pay off to find out how Singer knew Dean as well.  He looked up, finding both Dean and Benny watching him patiently.  He licked his lips.  “All right.  If you trained under Singer, who’s his favorite fictional character?”
“Um, right.”  He tried to laugh but it ended up sounding like a dying horse.  Face red, he looked away.  “Hey, we’re friends; not like I care.  I mean, you don’t have to.   Or whatever.”
The angel frowned, staring quietly at Dean.  When he said nothing, Dean dropped his hand, confused.
He did clear his throat then, rubbing his sleep-mussed hair as he crossed into the brightly lit kitchen.  "Sorry,“ he muttered.
"This is a fucking
he knew a bit more of Dean than he did as
to contact him beyond the hastily scribbled missives.
see about looking for Dean.  He knew where that land sat.  Somewhere in Kansas.  Lawrence, possibly.  He couldn’t quite remember the town.  So, really, he could
wrong.”
Breathing
Dean looked up then, almost terrified of what he would find.  He swallowed at the warm, sincere look Castiel gave him.  The
“Well, well, Fireball.  You drink and you glow brighter.  Who’da thunk it?”  He gave the glass another look before shrugging and swallowing the last of it.  “Anyway.  Thanks for the house warming.  Now get out.”  He pointed at the still open window.  “I don’t need visitors.”
"Oh.  Okay.  Thank you."  He didn’t wait for a response, just darted out the door to his bike and pedaled furiously home.
“Like I said,” Dean replied, all smug charm, “I get my food for free now.”  He leaned in and rumbled, “I’ll be sure to pay you back under the sheets, hm?”
Yeah, he needs sleep.  Or maybe another drink.  "Know what?  Never mind," he sniffs.  He tries to fold his arms but they won’t cooperate so he settles for what probably looks like a pouting toddler.  "You're not as hot as Cas," he mutters.  He glares at Pretty Voice, daring him to counter and flips his hand.  "You ain't Cas.  Cas is
He clapped a hand over his mouth, crooning sharp enough to crack the rearview mirror in his car.  What horrors had Dean seen from that night forward?  His father had denied him so many things out of a sense of selfish fear.  No schooling; something could happen.  No home; something could happen.
"Hey, hey!"  Dean had slipped away again and currently poked Castiel in the arm.  "Guess what else I love?"
guy on the page.”
Castiel felt a bolt of wary lust suddenly drive for his beltline at the insinuation in Dean’s dark voice.  Not that the man would think of him that way.  Probably.  Certainly not.  Maybe.  He swallowed and stammered, “Sh-should I call Ba – James?”
eating into the back of his head.  ”People do it when they’re taking care of sick people.  Just one of those things.”
.  Biting his lip, he murmured, “You, uh, said slow, right?”
"I had heard rumors you were quite familiar with him."  Again the smirk.  "Been after him a while, hm?"
“We live here because . . . we’re unable to be around those we once trusted.  Our own kind would kills us.”  He swallowed again.  “Dean, you could have a home here with us.”
Dean made a small, pathetic wheezing sound before pitching forward, straight into Castiel, knocking them both into the door.  He yelped when his head struck the heavy wood and fumbled for Dean’s neck, desperate for a pulse.
.”   He rose suddenly, almost falling over his chair for the second time that night.  “
So maybe Dean
Dean glared at him.  “Don’t.”
Castiel nods and tugs on Dean's arm.  "Home, Dean.  Sleep it off."
he looked ill.  A deep sigh and he shoved open the door to Dean’s shop, flinching under the bright, pleasant chime of the bell above.  Even the
Dean went pale.  He shoved away from the car and grabbed Castiel by the upper arms.  “No, you
It shouldn’t have amused Dean so much to watch the guy fumble like a physical comedian but it was endearing in its own way.  Poor guy was awkward as hell when email barriers were removed, it looked like.  He could get used to that.  Shaking his head at himself, Dean grinned outwardly.  “You okay there, Gabe?”
Dean winked.  “Seems I still have a few tricks, professor.  Just think how useful I’ll be for you now.”
Gabriel to knock me into you?”
while we deal with the thugs that Benny has so conveniently taken care of with accidental gas cans.”
“Fuck, fuck!” he muttered, pacing along the pavement.
in placing so much burden on a young child.  That he felt the blame rested on him for merely not
That didn’t make
purred that familiar voice.
Castiel squeezed his own dick in response, wincing.
from Michael, he still got it wrong.
When Castiel woke, he had a tiny moment of panic.  Something heavy pinned him to the bed.  Heavy, warm, and … drooling?  Bleary-eyed, he craned his neck and squinted.  There was a head on his stomach.  He poked it.  A living head, apparently, given the grunt it earned.
So, it was somewhat understandable that he never noticed his gun leaving its holster and barely heard Benny’s shout of alarm before something hard and heavy hit the back of his head.
“Dude, tiny or not, your junk’s in my face.”
It wasn’t supposed to be about him; not like this.  He didn’t matter.
“Jesus,” Dean breathed.  “Why are you so fucking stupid?” he growled.  He jabbed Castiel in the chest.  “I told you not to read that fucking thing!”
~~*~~
Dean stared at the offered item, his face way too hot at the moment.  “Oh.  Um, thanks,” he mumbled.  He slipped the sweatshirt on and nearly moaned at the soft warmth and the goddamn scent of the guy.
familiar.
Cas,” Dean whined.  He burrowed his face into the pillows and jerked his hips.  “Quit teasing.”
The man took the contents of the safe — well over a million pounds worth of jewels and rare coins — and stuffed them into a small sack at his hip, dropping everything back into the gadget bag.  Strangely, though, he turned and tugged off his ski mask, revealing his handsome features and wide eyes.  Green, Castiel knew.  Unfortunately.  He stiffened, however, when he caught the man mouth his last name.
a better Sunday night.  Dean’s kiss had been so sweet and gentle; completely against what he’d expected.  To look at the man, one would have expected him aggressive and savage; but the Dean in his kitchen had been hesitant and soft.
“Coffee,” Dean yawned.  He shooed Sam out the door and leaned back, trying to work the stiffness out his legs.  Wincing, he shifted in his seat, raising his legs to stretch them across the bench seat.  Even that movement did wonders, sending blood pumping back to parts forgotten.
Toying with Castiel’s fingers, he jerked a thumb over his shoulder.  “The whole . . . that thing,” he mumbled, unable to voice it.
“Ya’ll havin’ fun back there?” the man chided.
with Castiel?  A wheezing whimper escaped before he could stop it and he coughed harshly, hoping to hide the noise.  “Um . . . all right,” he breathed.  “I, um, I’m free tomorrow?”
Crowley carried as a weapon.  He and Benny could jump right in to a bullet between the eyes.
“Huh.  You a masochist?”  Dean smile was weak but relieved as he held out a hand, letting Castiel drop down onto it.  “You’re going to regret that, you know.”  He moved back to the main room of the cabin, flicking off the bedroom light with his free hand.
“Or, we could get coffee and possibly take a sick day?”  He squatted down, picking up the briefcase that had fallen to the ground in all the scuffle.  He lifted an eyebrow, head tilted in question.
The guy is sweet, funny, stubborn . . . and so stuck in Dean's head that he's probably going to end up a priest anyway.
Granted, he had his own deception at hand with his visits as his true self, but that was hardly harmful, right?  Besides, Dean always seemed calmer when he left and openly pleased to see him.
Still, he shied away from crossing that distance.  Too afraid or what, he didn’t really know.  Dean just wanted Castiel away from him.  He sounded so sincere.  So abjectly morose over what he did.  It unnerved Dean.  People in his life didn’t feel bad about the things they did to him.  So, he just needed to go away.  A bit more time away and Dean could straighten his head out.  Besides, wasn’t like the guy would do it.  He had to realize Dean’s true motive in such a ridiculous request.
Until Castiel.
the man.  He felt kind of cheated, honestly.  This guy was adorably confused, flustered easily,
“Um . . . it’s a habit.”
that a man like you would never want a man like me.”  He shook, his hands trembling as he stalked down his hallway.  “I’m not worthy of you.  I’m a coward and a liar and a –“
Still waving the paper, Balthazar shrugged.  “I’m not so sure, darling.”  He leaned back, out of Castiel’s reach when he swatted for it.  “Tsk.  Not so handsy, lad.”  He smirked again.  “I’d save that for Dean, if possible.”
Castiel licked his lips, blue eyes direct.  “Dean Winchester.  I have wanted you for a very long time and would like
He could forget about bright, green eyes.  Sexy smiles.  Muscles.  Fucking
He kissed Dean’s palm, nuzzling it softly.  Body thrumming pleasantly, his inner light still that soft touch to his skin, Castiel rose up, almost letting Dean fall out before he sank back down, crying out in delight.  He gripped Dean’s hand in his, eyes shutting as he lifted and fell again.  Sparks of pain and pleasure shimmered in his gut and he mewled, overcome by the bliss of it all.
Everybody wins!
He grunted at the idea.  That had been it.  The chill Castiel had exhibited.  So quick to distance himself.  Came from practice, sure, but no less painful.  And such a stark reminder of Michael’s behavior toward Dean.  The callous dismissal.  The surety that Dean would be no more than an object of pleasure.  Little more than a living, breathing fuck toy.
who’s sort of me but I’m not even me.”
However, the echoing silence fast became something that could only last for a few minutes longer before Castiel lost his damn mind.  He let his flashlight play over the old concrete walls of the tunnel and murmured, “What do you plan on doing when we get there, Dean?”
Castiel paused, keeping his hand pressed to Dean’s shoulder as he crouched over the injured man.  ”Do you honestly believe I’ll help you?” he asked.
Other than his brother, Bobby and his family, and Charlie, Dean didn’t often receive that kind of attention.  Not really.  Maybe negative, especially when dealing with asshole customers.  But palpable concern was new to him.  And frankly, he still didn’t know quite how to process it.  Part of him wanted to sag in relief and the rest wanted to run and demand differently.  It left him reeling if he thought on it too long.
but he refrained, singing softly instead.  He cut off with a squeak and blush when he caught Dean chuckling.
The thought ended up buried with the rest as Castiel stood and held out a hand to Dean.
So, after that close call, Dean tried to be careful about what he said around Castiel.  But the
After a second of silence, Dean cleared his throat.  ”Well, I …
Snickering, Sam speared a tomato.  “So.  Little bird told me you have a fella.”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel muttered, “Yes, you are.  In fact, he’ll probably come looking for me soon if you don’t get off my phone.”
Balthazar folded down a third finger.  ”Three.  Benny will take the two of you in the midst of the chaos in an unmarked police vehicle.  You both will be …
written spoke volumes more.  He had to wonder what other horrors Dean had seen and been pushed through.  How he’d managed to make it to his late thirties and still appear functional was a miracle.
You know, like a functioning adult?
He wanted to laugh it off.  Just shake it all off and walk out.  Walk away.  Instead, he slid down the wall, his legs suddenly giving up until he slumped on the floor.
, after all.  Gabriel was always quick with a sly joke or lewd comment.  Castiel had zero idea how the man did it but he was charmingly sleazy and won over nearly everyone he ran into.  Castiel, so far, failed miserably at being Gabriel.  How the hell was he supposed to fabricate
Castiel waited the better part of an hour before creeping out of his hiding place.  He was streaked in dirt and shook violently, loosening the worst from his skin and wings.  Taking a chance, he fluttered up to the window, but like before, it remained locked tight.  Though the rain-streaked glass, he could make out Dean pouring himself a drink and throwing it back.
Dean swallowed, looking terrified.  “You should,” he croaked.
getting at, Bal.  He’s still hiding.  He’s making you do this signing.  Nothing’s changed.”
!”  Stripping off his briefs, he pointed at his half-hard dick.  ”You traitor,” he hissed.
On the drive home, he tried to think of a plausible reason to contact Dean later in the afternoon.  It wouldn’t be unheard of for a publisher to meet with a bookseller over, say, dinner and drinks?  He winced, realizing how weak that sounded.
“Uh, bad time?”
“Fuck you, Sam,” he growled.  He jabbed a finger in his brother’s chest.  “You go behind my back like that and dig?”
His rather unbridled libido when he was alone in his head.  Always a fun side-effect.  Granted, it likely stemmed from his . . . sexual frustration lately.  Maybe he just needed alone time tonight with lotion and specific dvds.
Benny grinned, helping Dean out of the car, the other man smirking as he followed.
He clapped his hands over his mouth before he could croon his shared misery.  It was
Castiel blinked at the comment.  He tugged Dean’s arms closer and relaxed into Dean’s embrace, his skin still carrying its soft, golden glow.
”  He snorted.  “
Dean froze.  “Huh?”
"Mmhmm.  Over ten years now."
“Time to take stock, boys,” Benny crowed.  He opened the back door of the car and chuckled.  “Well, well.  Didn’t know ya’ll knew each other
guy was straight.  He still wasn’t sure if this was a date or not, but maybe it would point out to Castiel he didn’t need to hide like this?
“I know you’re in there!” he snapped, pacing the front lawn.  Castiel watched him try to move forward but Dean’s wards were definitely high quality; the werewolf could go no further.  He spared a thought for that.  He himself had been able to reach the windows.  Had Dean . . . left a gap somewhere for
Dean’s hand hovered over his burger.  He frowned.  “What is it?” he grumbled.
?  Two brothers.  A disastrous, violent pair of hunters.  He never knew their first names.  Only that hated surname.
His body jostled when Dean chuckled.  The man’s other arm lay on his shoulder and Dean squeezed him once.  “You a cat, Cas?”
shy, closeted, and clueless.  Desperate for love.  And Dean . . . handsome, sexy Dean had liked
Confused and admittedly nervous, Dean only shrugged, poking at his food.
Dean hadn’t left his cabin yet.  Why he seemed to have decided to stay.  The fairies wouldn’t have let him.  Nor would the other denizens of the forest.  The curiosity burning in him wouldn’t stay quiet.
He rolled his eyes at himself, this time.
Tucked away behind a short wall, out of sight of the main counter, the man halted, hand out.  The display case was just as pleasantly arranged as the rest of the store, cuffs and collars settled among black velvet in soft drapes.  The man smiled again, eyes softly calculating.  “Dean.  Welcome to my store.  My name is Castiel.”  He opened the top of the case, pausing.  “Have you ever been in a store like this before?”
Castiel shivered, pulling his hand away carefully.  “Dean, I want you, too.  You know that.”  He kissed Dean’s forehead, skin searing hot under his lips.  “But you’re very drunk right now.  I think you should sleep.”
“Yeah, but . . .” he leaned in, kissing the bandage carefully.  “I’m sorry, okay?  I never wanted that to happen.”  He looked up, eyes wide.  “I mean that.”  Still kneeling, he swept his arms around Castiel’s midriff, pulling him in, nuzzling his stomach above his half-removed jeans.  “I didn’t want you involved,” he whispered.
With a sigh, James nodded.  “I suppose.”  Sadly, this mean he turned his full attention back on Dean.  “So.
” Balthazar admonished over the line.  “
in comparison to Bobby’s laugh.  He hung up before Castiel could respond.
Shrugging, Castiel pulled their food out, handing one to Dean.  “They’re pants.  It’s why I have a dry cleaner.”  He winked at Dean and handed him a plastic fork.  “This is much better, Dean.  It’s quite lovely out here.”
Balthazar leaned back, clucking his tongue.  “And that’s that, hm?”  He slapped Castiel’s leg through the blankets, startling him.  “If I don’t hear that you’ve tracked the lad down, I’ll think you an utter failure, Cassie.”
He shut his eyes for a moment, breathing in.  Opening them, he answered,
Castiel blinked up at him, blue eyes wide.  ”Thank you, Dean,” he murmured.  ”I feel I have been burdening you both unnecessarily since I returned from Heaven.  I thank you for not being upset over this.”
Just . . . Commuter Angel was a bit different.  Dean didn’t know why, he just was.  Dean would listen to him murmur about work – accountant – and how much he hated it.  How crazy his coworkers were.  How he wanted to quit and be a writer.  In turn, Commuter Angel would listen to Dean bitch about his asshole boss, Zachariah, and how marketing was a soulless, emotionless void of horror.  Or, that it sucked.
Castiel glared up at his partner.  “And you have no sense of adventure.”  He turned back to the find.  Balthazar wasn’t wrong, though.  It wasn’t anything different from what they’d found over the last month, other than being in one piece.  Beautifully inlaid though.
“That’s the intention,” he purred.  All his pent up anxiety surrounding Dean and the unanswered attraction between them had given him an insane boost of confidence.  Now, all he wanted to do was bury himself in Dean’s ass until the man came, screaming his name.  He tugged on Dean’s belt, loosening it quickly, yanking on the zipper as soon as did.  “I’m fucking you in this room.  Now.  I won’t wait.”
looked for in a partner.
both men were built and tone.
Brow furrowed, Dean hissed, “It’s too early in the goddamn morning to look
“Director Larson –“ he began, protesting.
grumpy in the morning.”  He turned, walking backward, and winked.  “I offered to help you with your problem, you know.”
“Incorrect,” Castiel intoned.  “
Dean rolled his eyes and swallowed the snort.  Jesus Christ.
Soaking wet, his pants ruined, Dean couldn’t have been happier.  He pulled one of the man’s hands down, sliding his own into the rough palm.  ”I’m Dean.  Dean Winchester.  Have to say, I kind of like the new scenery.”
if he wanted even a shred of a chance with Dean.
He wondered if it would be bad form of him to contact Samandriel in New York.  It was a unique enough name; wouldn’t be hard to find.  Maybe Castiel’s time between subs had been too great.  Maybe he’d forgotten what a Dom was supposed to do.
Oh, fucking
to.  He
Another soft sight and a gentle stroke of fingers.  “Slow, Dean.  We need to take this
Castiel stared at his cousin, mind whirling with attempts to get out of it.  He brightened, sitting up straight.  “You could do it!”
Shaking his head, Dean gruffed out, “No.”
" Dean responded, already sounding a bit lighter.  "
Pleased, he kissed the tip of Dean’s nose and turned off the tv, stomping on the power button of the remote.  The cabin fell into darkness and silence, filled only with Dean’s softened breathing.  Castiel darted to the window and ignoring the burning pain in his hand, pulled it shut, satisfied only when he heard the latch click into place.  He crooned at his blistered palms, knowing full well he’d need to wear gloves the next day; hopefully, the burns would ease by the time he met Dean for dinner.
Dean plastered a grin, kicking Pam in the ankle under the desk.  “Oh, yeah.  College sweethearts all legal now.”  He wanted to glare at her but the damn camera still focused on him.  As soon as it switched, he leveled his worst glare at her, earning a sweet smile in return.
Dean wrapped his arms tighter around Castiel, shutting his eyes for a moment.  He’d missed this.  Just having the man this close had been an absence he hated.  “Will it happen again?” he asked, dreading the reply.
He didn't even hear Castiel move.  Dean twitched when he felt lips on his head.  Not moving, breath still in his chest, he waited.
The man blinked, jaw tightening.  After a moment, he shrugged.  “Guess so,” he answered, voice low and quiet.  He coughed.  “I . . . uh, bought the auto place,” he added, motioning with a thumb over a shoulder.
Dean swallowed, eyes flashing over Castiel’s face but saying nothing.
look of him.
It took about another twenty minutes of stewing anger before it hit him.  He’d
”  He snorted.  “
It took Castiel around five minutes to break out of his shock.  Then another twenty minutes to haul Dean’s impressive bulk onto the bed.  Panting, chin resting on Dean’s midriff, he contemplated the jewel thief.  Still out like a light.  Face pale and tight.  Sweating.  He looked
want to just shove all this to the side and go on.  But he’d done that every time Michael had laid an unwelcome hand on him.  Every time the man had used him and left him bereft.  Wasn’t that what was supposed to
That startled the demon.  He blinked and then looked out the window.  “Uh, dunno,” he admitted.  He looked at his hands.  “Thing is, never thought I’d get free.  So … got no backup plan,” he admitted.
“Dean, you can’t save everyone.”  He frowned when the man flinched.  “Though it’s admirable that you try.  And if that were to happen to me, it would be no fault of yours.  You must understand that.”  He swallowed.  “Dean, I still love you.  I don’t care about your past; it’s only made you the man that I love at this moment.
.  Thankfully, Pretty Voice continues.  "You are aware that was a bus, hm?"
Taking a chance, Castiel opened the car door and slid inside, startling Dean.  Catching the man off guard, Castiel tugged his head toward him, kissing him deeply.  Dean grunted, clearly surprised, before he softened, his hand sliding along Castiel’s waist.  Eager fingers dug into the loops of Castiel’s jeans and he purred, pleased with the warmth that shivered through him.
was gorgeous.  He probably heard it a million times.  Castiel couldn’t even be creative in the acknowledgment.  Just a weak
Oh, he was a terrible fairy.  Or a perfect one, depending on one’s viewpoint.
Startled, Dean stepped forward, grabbing Castiel’s arm.  “Hey, wait!”
The chuckles would kill him soon.  All dark velvet in his ears.  As would the warm hand on his hip.
and as Castiel.  It didn’t matter that Dean had already known the truth of his nature.  He supposed, he should be upset over that but then again, he’d misled Dean as well by his own subterfuge.
He stared at the hand held out.  He looked over, seeing the officer still grinning.
to.  That night with Dean had been all he’d wanted and more.  He craved it.  He’d heard of his kind bonding so completely with another that their souls entwined.  Poetic, of course, but not less real.  He
idea of a sub.
he’d been called.  Too bad that’d been just as wrong.
”  Oddly, Dean could almost see the patient smile on the man’s lips.  “
and not
like this man before.  Sex was always fun and sweaty but this had been something else entirely.  There had been nothing but affection in every one of Dean’s deliberate touches.  Kindness and heat and that made his heart burn.  He’d been denied it for so long he still had trouble processing what they’d just done together.  All he really knew was that he didn’t want it to end.
Castiel fidgeted, though he smiled in return.  “I wouldn’t call it
Charlie slipped into the room and shut the door, still grinning.  “So.  I have this friend.  He waits tables at this cute little bistro downtown.”
had touched.  ”If you fight me
pound
“First thing’s first,” Castiel stated, moving to toss his cup away.
The . . . things they were thought to have done.”  He didn’t look away this time, watching for Dean’s reaction.  “We had always thought you demons of a kind.  Murderers.”
“Mornin’,” he yawned, shutting his eyes again.  He didn’t have a clue the time but given his exhaustion, he probably hadn’t slept long.  Sunlight crept though the curtains, though it was yet strong enough to be more than a warning.
That was his cue, then.  He tugged on Dean a second time, ignoring the muttered curse.  God, he hoped he wasn’t making a mistake.  If real gunfire erupted and someone died because of his foolish idea of … whatever this was, he’d never forgive himself.  Fuck, this was a stupid idea.  Why was he even doing it?  Because of Dean?  A man he didn’t know all that well?  A man who was a criminal?
His brain sped forward, and before he could stop himself he blurted, “Make me a dick cake.”
He blinked.  The room was … empty.
And then:
Still not removing his hands from his face, Castiel mumbled, “You were a fan of . . . his, though.  I’m sure this is disappointing to find out.”  He dropped his hands when his drink arrived and nudged the glass.  “He’s not at all what you would have liked.”
? he thought with irritation.  If this was the
Sniffing with feigned annoyance, Castiel pulled his hands free from Dean’s grip.  He tugged his glove back on and mused, “
Dean’s eyes shot open and he tried to lift his head, to apologize.  Something.  But Castiel’s hand was there quickly, holding him down gently, but firmly.
And while Dean had tried to drop hints about his interest, Castiel seemed utterly oblivious or was doing that loyal thing dudes did to other dudes when they weren’t interested in dick.  Which sucked.  Dean really hoped it was simply Castiel being oblivious but six years of crushing on tall, dark, and dorky was wearing him down.
His roommate snickered, dangling the keys.  ”Cas, I’ve been dropping hints for the last
poured off him in waves.  How fucking
"I’ve closed the shop for the day," the other man said.  "Is there someone I can call for you?"
"Makes my dick look
Dean stood up slowly, blinking in confusion.  Then grinning.  Well, he’d definitely hit a nerve with Gabriel and from he could tell, it was a
The sincerity in the apology sent shivers of relief and dread down Dean’s skin.  In that moment, he wanted to vault over the desk and pull Castiel into his arms.  Kiss him.  Touch him.  Let him know it was fine and they could go back to how they were.  Dean would take his commands and it would all be unchanged.  So he gripped the arms of the chair he sat in, willing himself to remain still.  “Cas, you said you wanted honesty, right?”  At the man’s nod, he went on.  “Then you should have told me about him.  It wasn’t like you could hide him forever.”
Blinking, Castiel glanced at Dean, surprised to see the man hunched over defensively.  He frowned slightly.  Odd reaction.  Of course it was for a collar.  His entire job here in London had fast turned into an obligation to arrest Dean.  And, if this Alastair was as much trouble as Dean seemed to hint at, why not two birds with one stone?
He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, instantly calming him.  Dean wouldn’t have been surprised to learn the little shit had used magic on him.  A few years ago, that’d prompt a knife blade and a spray of blood.  Knowing that,
Dean grinned, holding up his thumb.  “Messy eater there, Gabe,” he chimed, wiping it off on a napkin.
The question left him even more flummoxed.  “N-no, but –“
All this silence stemmed from Dean, then.  He’d not offered an opening or anything.
Balthazar chuckled, dipping his utensil back into his ice cream, giving it another lick, eyes dark.  ”Well, I imagine that’s why you’re so … distracted.”  He grinned.  ”Or you’ve finally noticed me and can’t
“Did he listen to you?”
"Well, Doc; let’s get you out of the rain and back home, hm?"
in such rapture.  Even if it was for a baked good.
“It’s lovely, Dean,” Castiel replied.  He followed Dean quietly into the kitchen and set the cake down.  He turned then and took one of Dean’s hands, lacing their fingers together.  “If you are unsettled by my being in your home, you need only tell me.  I don’t wish to make you uneasy.”
The other man nodded, his jaw tight.
He ran a finger down the bridge of Castiel’s nose and winked.  “You look a little dazed there, Cas.”
Dean grinned and dropped his hand.  His jaw still throbbed like a bastard but he had an inkling what was going on.  “Cas,” he chimed, “did you
come sliding through the dirt toward them.  He lifted the weapon only to have the window roll down, a bearded man gesture wildly from the window.  “Now!  Goddammit, that canister’s gonna go any second; I ain’t stickin’ around for it.”
To his surprise and delight, Castiel’s smirk ended up darker than his own.  “As I’d hoped, Dean.”  He squeezed Dean’s hand between his own.  “Besides, you might need some, er,
Nodding, Castiel sat back.  “Of course.  If we don’t talk, we aren’t connecting.”
There was no anger in the man’s eyes but a ferocity he hadn’t expected.  It made him tremble with worry and burn with arousal all at once.  For the first time, the intensity wasn’t a direct result of
He stands up then and with a wink, slips out of the bathroom.
attractive young ladies in our department yet I noticed, you didn’t
He recognized the woman.  Annabelle Majors.  She was a teacher in the next town over.  Young, probably a bit younger than Dean but certainly a viable option.  He bit his lip as jealously surged.  Had his wings been material, they would have shifted to black, growing rigid as a sign of impending attack.  Instead, he swallowed hard, turning to stare sightlessly at the rack of magazines nearby.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pushing the idea out of his head, he slumped off to bed, still grumbling over his faux pas.
A bit of his unease faded, a small smile tugging at his lips.  He thought for sure the constant formality would be boring or irritating.  But Castiel’s technical way of speaking had grown on Dean.  Settling back into his chair, he answered, “Uh, no.  Not right as yet.”
Kneeling over Dean now, his knees awkwardly perched around the man’s hips, Castiel craned his neck to look outside.  There was a plume of blue-white smoke behind them.  He felt his stomach turn.  “Any injuries?”
He turned off the phone then, unsure if he could take any new messages or attempts to reach him.  Maybe he was being dramatic with all this.  After all, it really all boiled down to books and his stubborn attraction to a bookseller.  He didn’t need to make a production out of everything, did he?
"W-wait.  Did … did you say you’ve been drinking this coffee … to meet me?"  He lowered his hands, squinting at Dean.
Dean grinned.  “Why’re you apologizing?  It’s kind of . . . cute, actually.  Grown men aren’t usually so gobsmacked over porn, you know?”  He squinted as he released Castiel’s hand.  “You’re not like . . . one of those closeted religious people, are you?”
So for once, Dean got to be in charge and damn if he wasn't going to make use of it.  He whistled an old song to himself as he got together a tray of soup and a steaming mug of tea with a squeezy bear of honey.  With careful steps, he brought his goodies to Castiel’s door and nudged it fully open, expecting to see the cranky former-angel scowling at him from his nest of blankets.  Instead, Castiel had curled up at the foot of his bed, dozing under the thick blanket he’d tottered into the kitchen with.
Tossing his wrapper in the bin near his desk, he grunted and rolled his eyes.  “Can we quit now?  You’ve spilled your feelings, Samantha; let’s move on.”
He twitched when he heard someone clear their throat.  He turned, blinking at the man standing before him.  Tall, dark hair, blue eyes.
Castiel sighed, leaning over his counter.  Maybe he needed to find out for certain if Dean was a hunter.  At the very least, he could calm Sydney down.  And perhaps, he could find out
Dean glared at him.  “Seriously?” he barked.  He took another look at Castiel and pillowed his arms on the window frame, dropping his forehead down.  His voice was muffled as he snapped, “Goddammit!  Now it’s a naked, glowing
And immediately shoved it down.  No, he wouldn’t go that route.  He couldn’t set himself up to believing in the concept of even a year down the road.  Sure, they had a
Dean regretted.  Neither of them had been drunk and neither had been pressured.  If anything, Dean had seemed extremely care with Castiel, wanting to be certain he
Seeing a vampire in such a prominent position had roused his curiosity.  A bit of snooping and he’d found the cabin off the logging road, essentially abandoned.  Not hard to see why given the energies that surrounded the space.  Easy to move in at that point.  Buying the auto shop was a logical step.  He'd long ago learned how to manipulate finances so falsifying documents for the loan had been a snap.
Dean wouldn’t look at him, merely hunched his shoulders tight as he ate.  ”Can’t,” he stated, his voice tight.  ”Just … drop it, okay?”  He flicked his gaze toward Castiel, the green bright.  ”Okay?” he repeated.
Appetite gone, he focused on his wine, letting the alcohol warm his blood.  Well, not like he needed to really think long and hard on it.  Wasn’t worth the trouble, really.  Dean didn’t have it in him to be anyone’s “long-term.”  A bit of fun, sure, but nothing to write home about.
”  He cleared his throat and set his glass down with a click.  “I couldn’t . . . I was in a bad state, Cas.  That’s all.  I couldn’t stay there and he didn’t seem to want me there.  So . . . I left.”  He spread his hands, shrugging almost in chagrin.  “So, here I am.  Dirtying up your town.”
Didn’t change much when it came to his personal life, either.  His house had been an old fixer-upper.  Nothing spectacular.  Just three bedrooms and a postage stamp of a lawn.  But it was all his, now.  Paid off and redone
He reddened.  “Oh.  Okay.  Um . . . then you’ll come?”
Which he did.  Often.  Every morning, Castiel would cross his storefront and catch the scent of Dean’s aftershave.  The smell of the Impala that had permeated his leather jacket.  It was only worse at his home.  New wards had appeared almost overnight, carefully hidden but designed to keep anyone but him from crossing the threshold.  He had to wonder if Dean even slept.  Part of him was annoyed at the man’s insufferable attitude.  He threw Castiel away but insisted on haunting his every step?  Had he the temperament, he’d have cornered the man and told him off completely.
“Possibly.”  Castiel smirked.  “You had something in mind?”
“Sure, sure,” Dean responded, giving the man his out, all the while still grinning.  He stood up and leaned into Castiel’s space, watching those gorgeous eyes widen.  “Call me tomorrow; we’ll go over the last of the setup.”  He hesitated and then pressed his lips to Castiel’s jaw, sighing lightly.
Brow furrowed, he asked, “Would you prefer a word that will let you know when our scene is done?”  He pressed a hand to Dean’s chest.  “Something that will help you transition?”
He winced but nodded.  “Just . . . if you . . . have faith in me, Dean . . . give me this?”  He met the man’s green eyes, waiting for the refusal.
“I just . . .” he felt his legs buckle and he slid down to the floor, like he had in Castiel’s store that day.  The reminder burned in his chest.  “I just want to be useful to you,” he admitted.
“And smugness doesn’t suit
And charming.  And smart.  And . . . everything he’d ever want in a man.  A man who would never look twice at him if he knew the truth.  As Gabriel, he stood something of a shot with Dean.  As James, probably not.  As Castiel?  Fuck, no.
sound like an interesting book store.  At the very least, he’d have something to do for the day given his current block in writing.
Castiel chuckled.  “Well, I’d hate for it to go to waste.”  He waited patiently in Dean’s entryway, watching him.
to do.  A hunter’s primer.
Dean acted as though he’d seen a fairy before.  Intrigued, he fluttered closer, wings beating slow.  He made certain to stay out of arm’s length but found Dean’s green eyes watching him.  Bored almost.  Not for the first time did he wish his voice worked in this form.  His questions came out has yelping squeaks and he frowned, spinning in a lazy circle.
He shook himself violently, trying to keep his head.  Dean had lied.  Remember that.  He’d lied about being a
Fiddling again with the speaker box, Dean tried to process what he’d realized.  It wasn’t like he didn’t
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment, processing it all.  At the age of
Though, Dean didn’t want to think the guy was a druggie or anything.  He had a bit of a crush on Unit Four.  Dean didn’t see him that often lately; his own fault trying to get as many commendations as he could in order to boost his chances after taking the test for detective.  But still, he was sure the guy had a day job.  He should look as terrible as Dean felt.
Dean could feel his legs trembling.  Adrenaline surging.  His stomach grew tight and he wanted to throw up.  He swallowed hard, looking into those kind, blue eyes.  “You said to say when things were good
He whimpered when he finally made it.  Cars
doing the Mother Hen routine.  Bet you're just dancing around in that head of yours over it.”
Dean sighed, the sound heavy and thick.  “It . . . you really should just let it go, Cas,” he hedged.  He looked over, green eyes pleading for understanding.
“Movie, pet.”
Wiping his hands on a rag, Dean smiled weakly.  “Yeah, yeah.  I’m hungry, bitch; feed me.”
And grinned.
“All he said was ‘Get him out of here’.”  Benny shrugged and pointed down the tunnel.  “He made a bunch of noise topside.  My guess is he’s captured by now.”  He tugged on Castiel’s arm, leading him away.  “If we’re lucky, we can make use of that.”
And listed a cell number.  The only address was that of the old repair shop.  Realizing he still stared at the card, he stuttered, “Y-yes.  Of course.  Apologies.”  He took a small handful from Dean, his fingers buzzing when they graced Dean’s palm.
Castiel’s laugh was refreshing.  “
His cousin shrugged and set his mug down, flipping the magazine in his hand.  “Could be right.  Maybe do a promo tour or something.  You’ve never done that, I don’t think.”  He eyed Castiel, brow furrowed.
Against Castiel’s demanding mouth, Dean muttered, “I’m clean now, dammit.”  He groaned when Castiel’s hand slid down from his shirtfront to palm the hot bulge between his legs.  ”
His dumbass jerkface brother had opted for a summer barbecue about four years ago, inviting family and his closest coworkers to his two-story home out in the country.  Big ol’ shindig so that the younger Winchester could impress the brass.  Fine, Dean could always use an excuse to eat meat and drink beer.  Like he’d shy away from that.
“Good,” Castiel growled, grabbing Dean by his shirtfront and yanking him into a harsh, savage kiss.  Lips barely brushing Dean’s, he rasped, “I’d hate to have shirked my meetings today on a game.”
Castiel shivered and swallowed.  “M-maybe,” he rasped.  He reached up and planted his hand on Dean’s face, pushing him back.  “For now, don’t distract me; I hate driving in Scotland.”
Castiel pointed.  ”Those stay on.”
In the driver’s seat, Balthazar grinned.  ”I admit, you have not had the
to.  Dean had to bring Sam back because he’d failed.  His one job and he’d failed it.  He couldn’t let his brother die.  So he’d done it.  Sold his soul.
Wrapped up in a thick blanket, the bags under his eyes dark as pitch, Castiel sniffled and then coughed, body shaking at the force of it.  ”This cannot be illness,” he rasped.  ”This must be the onset of death.”
Dean flipped him off and finished off the wine.  “Ha, ha; bitch.”
It took some coaxing and a few threats with his gun to get Dean to spill the location of his rendezvous point with this Alastair fellow.  They stopped at a small, late night clothing store to pick up a clean shirt for Dean and with the wound bandaged, he looked none the worse for wear.
“Just . . . this,” he replied vaguely, waving his hand.  He looked over at Castiel and then away, placing his hands on the steering wheel.  “It’s just odd.  I mean . . . it’s been a while since I was a sub, I guess.  I’m just getting used to it.”
Castiel’s hand appeared through the folds of blanket as he took hold of it, sneezing violently as he did. He groaned and tucked back into his blanket.  ”Are you certain this isn’t death?”
Castiel’s head snapped up, his eyes wide.  In Balthazar’s hands was that scrap of paper he’d been hauling around since England.  He scrambled, patting at his jeans’ pockets, coming up empty.
Castiel eyed him and took a huge bite of his hot dog, muttering, “Quiet, you.”
Castiel.  And he’d bet his life that Dean
He grabbed Sydney’s wrist, halting the young man.  He said the first thing that came to mind.  “How is he?”
Castiel picked up one of his older books, biting his lip to hide the grimace.  God, his titles were
“M’kay,” Castiel sighed, looking a bit wobbly.  He jolted upright quickly and nodded.  “Er, yes.  Of course.”  He smiled faintly.  “Th-thank you, Dean.”
Another kiss.  Sweeter than the last and softer.  “You already have.  So many times, my pet.”  He stepped back, letting go of Dean.  “I’ll bid you good night then, pet.”  He helped Dean to stand and walked him to the front door, fetching his coat.  He slid it on Dean slowly, neatening the lapels and smoothing the dark leather.
So really, Dean had learned a good life lesson in knowing how far one could go before exploding.
.  No cajoling messages or begging emails.  Nothing.
Unnerved by the closeness, Castiel swallowed.
Castiel rubbed his cheek, smiling faintly.  Yes, Dean was not at
And that Dean
What in the hell was he talking about?  Completely confused, Castiel reached out and poked the man in the cheek.  “Oh, you are real,” he murmured.
With Dean off the phone and Castiel thoroughly flummoxed, dinner turned into a great deal of questionable glances from Balthazar and general irritation on Castiel’s part.  Halfway through dessert, Balthazar confronted him.
He froze.  That . . . well . . . it . . . oh, God.  There was
Oops!  Didn't update last night.  Just two more chapters left!  <3
that threatened his brother and killed their mother.  The
For three weeks the man came in before Castiel felt like saying anything beyond a
He recognized the aura.
He shuddered as he halted in the air, sensing the boundary easily.  In all his life, this was the only thing he feared.  His clan’s retribution should he dare intrude on their territory again.  Nothing Dean represented or could dream up came close to that.  Mood dark once again, he turned and fluttered away, coming across Dean’s cabin quickly.
” he breathed.  The teasing might kill him.  If Dean truly wanted him, what were they waiting for?  He knew he
, had been carved out of rich, stained wood, nicely engraved.  The storefront wasn’t garish either; dark wood framing and clean, wide windows where books waited on simple shelves, facing the street.  It sat next to a small coffee shop on the corner and red and white flag banner emblazoned with
“Is he aware he just made
Giving up, he texted Castiel, knowing that hearing that man’s voice might ruin what resolve remained.
Annoyed, Castiel shoved at Benny.  “Fuck you and open the damn door,” he spat back.
I love that character Tyler.”
Dean waves a hand.  What was he saying?  Oh, right.  Hot guy.  He jabs a finger toward Pretty Voice.  "You should know," he starts, swaying a bit as he steps away from Pretty Voice, "I'm
But how could he fix this?  It was clear that Castiel wasn’t about to answer his phone calls or texts.  And he could
Dom and sub.  It had to be something Dean was doing.
Castiel soon forgot the gossip as he tidied up his house and did a few loads of laundry.  By the time he felt it comfortable for company, it was nearly six and he hurriedly prepped the lasagna and oven.  He had just finished the final layer of the meal when he heard the rumble of a heavy engine outside.  He slid the pan into the oven, setting the time and trotted to the door, opening it seconds before Dean could knock.
Alone.  Forever.
They’d arranged meet at the restaurant in separate cars and Dean drove too fast to the Italian bistro, fidgeting in his seat as he did.  He arrived early, turning his music up loud to drown out the ugly thoughts in his head.  By now, his brain spun like a damn tilt-a-whirl, coming up with every dark scenario he could conceive of.  All of them ending with Castiel refusing to take him as a sub.  The moment he spied Castiel’s unruly hair, he snapped off the ignition and bolted from the car, trotting across the parking lot to the man’s side.
I’m . . .
Dean shook his head and leaned forward, elbows on the desk, forehead in his hands.  “It was shitty, yeah,” he began.  “But . . . not worse than Michael.”  He peered up at Castiel.  “You actually sound sorry.  He never did.”
The snort this time was a bit more amused.  “Yeah, little bugger has that effect on people.  Still, boneheaded move, Winchester.”
Little shit had been in his hotel room.  And by the empty bottles, managed to ring up a cool hundred in unallowable expenses.
bad films.  He still didn’t care for action films, apparently, but he enjoyed a terrible movie now and again.  Castiel had found some old drive-in theater of all places off the main highway.  It was showing
”  Castiel’s dream-voice surged through him and he whimpered, envisioning the eagerness in which he’d swallow the man’s cock.  Feel it slide hard and rough across his tongue.  That wonderful sour-sweet taste forced into his throat.  Choking his air, tears in his eyes and spit trickling past his lips.
Not looking up, Dean continued to poke at his food.  “Driving,” he stated.  The Impala was the best stress-reliever he owned.  Something about her roar and the windows down.  The road stretching out before him.  He could get lost in her tiny universe.
Dean was already moving to the back of the car, the door snapping open quickly.  With a yelp, Castiel tripped after him, the pair tumbling into the back of the car.  Their driver sped off, the sudden turning sending the door snapping back into the car.  The sounds of battle were muted in the polished interior and Castiel suddenly realized he was lying on top of Dean.
sign.  Bobby had already left and he found a roughly scribbled note on the desk cursing at him and saying much the same.  He winced.  He’d really been stuck in his head today.  Maybe some brother bonding time would get him out of this.
Gabriel, for his part, whistled.  “Yowza, one piece?  Nice work, Cassie.”
Never a failed executive who doled out food all day.
He feared
Balthazar blinked and then smiled.  “Oh?”  He leaned forward.  “You don’t want our charming Interpol agent involved?”
wanted.  Left him aching.  Ignored him.  Punished him for the slightest transgression.  They rarely warned him what would set them off.  It had become a field of landmines in record time for Dean.
Castiel perked up at that.  “You know him, don’t you?  Personally?”
"So, where do we go from here?"
Flicking his gaze up, he caught the fear and disgust in Castiel’s eyes.  Turned inward.  While comforting to know Castiel hated what he’d done, Dean still chafed from the action.  He had a right to be angry.  Even if he did understand
I can’t stay.  Why you need to keep away from me.”
Gritting his teeth to keep them from clacking, Dean asked, “Well?  What is it?”
time every day, Dean tried to come up with reasons to be in his front yard.  Tinkering with the Impala was always good.  When it was sunny, he could sort of pretend to mow.  Except for the fact that he did that three days in a row and didn’t miss the odd look his neighbor gave him for it.  So, mowing got relegated back to weekend work at the earliest.  Any more than that he was going to end up with a dirt yard.
“See?  Your
there was someone who caught your eye.”  She turned back to the camera with a flip of dark hair.  “I’m sure the viewers at home would love to see you settle down, Dean.”
“Careful,” he cooed.  “I don’t know the Heimlich Maneuver.”  He took a sip of iced tea, smirk broadening at Castiel’s glare.
before the signing, right?  Why not have Balthazar meet the two of them for dinner?  It wouldn’t be odd, right?  Dean knew he was going to
to you.”
“Cas, why are you telling me this?” Dean asked, leaning against the car.  He looked haggard and worn.  Completely spent.
How was it possible for him to make this
And sputtered coffee over the back of the neck of the technician in front of him when Dean Winchester, notorious thief, winked and blew him a kiss on screen.
Dean pulled out his phone, entering the information into his calendar, nodding.  “Sure, sure.  No big deal.”  That was better than he’d hoped, really.  He’d only done a couple signings at the store prior, more for self-publishers than anyone with an actual following.  He didn’t have a clue how any of that was to be handled.  Thankfully, Gabriel could take care of the trickier stuff.  Not only that, but it meant he’d have a good excuse to pester Gabriel until the signing.  Not that he was thinking of that.  At all.  Or would ever.
“And then,” Dean continued, his body a searing hot line against Castiel’s hip, “I say we should find out just
He dressed in dark jeans and a collared shirt and tie, fumbling with the knot as he did.  He hadn’t bothered to ask Castiel what he liked his sub to wear.  Hadn’t really bothered to ask much.  In fact, he hadn’t even
Dean’s grin faded a bit.  “Look, little guy.  You can’t be here, all right?  You . . . it’s better for you to go home.”  He straightened, pointing at the window a second time.  “Glad you enjoyed the whiskey.  But don’t come back.”
Blushing and fiddling with the wine bottle, Castiel shrugged.  “I . . . it’s no trouble, Dean.  A-as I said, I wanted to welcome you to town.”  He darted into the kitchen, uncorking the wine and pouring two hefty glasses.  He returned to the living room, handing one to Dean as he did.  “Please, sit.”
Castiel chuckled warmly.  “Nothing, hm?  I find that hard to believe.”  He didn’t continue, though, given the arrival of their waiter.  He ordered a tomato-basil pasta dish and turned to Dean, waiting.
Still grumbling, Castiel shuffled off, coughing along the way.
“I told him,” Balthazar stated.
When silence met the remark, he looked over, just making out Dean’s expression in the dark.  Hurt.  The man actually looked hurt?  Confused, Castiel blinked rapidly.  “Dean?”
Castiel's fingers are warm and cool on his neck, rubbing gently.
He squeaked when Dean kissed him, mouth warm and sweet.  He barely had a chance to return it before Dean pulled away, smirking.  ”I love you.”
“I . . . I mean if you’re busy.  It’s not . . . we can do something else.  Like, meet for drinks?  Or . . . or coffee?  We . . . could stop by for a quick chat?”
Dean sneered.  “You got that right.”
followed by a photo of his own leaking, erect cock, the black tattoo on his right wrist in full view.
Rubbing his forehead, Castiel nodded irritably.  “Yes, yes.  Anyway.  I’ll do the signing.  But you needn’t worry about being here.  It’s a small shop.  Not worth your time.”  If he was lucky, that was all he needed to do to keep Gabriel away.
“Shit,” he added.
”  An audible swallow.
It took a moment for Dean to react.  When he did, his face was flush as he barked out, “You are a
after the younger Winchester.  A creature?  A force.  Castiel had trouble making out what it was John was after.  Sam left them both at age nineteen.  Off to college.  John, according to his journal, took it poorly.  Castiel could only imagine how Dean had taken it.  Watching is brother-son walk away; told to never return.  His fear must have been terrible.
“Huh?”
He looked terrified.
Dean sneered.  “You heard me.  You feel like you owe me – no idea
He could hear the pained sincerity in Castiel’s voice.  It wasn’t that he wanted Castiel to choose him or his father.  Just not cast him aside.  Act like he was just a
Benny reached behind his back and pulled out a smaller pistol, handing it over.  “I’m better with knives, brother,” he grinned.  He flicked his wrist and a wicked blade slid out of its sheath into his palm.  He inclined his head toward the darkened end of the tunnel.  “I ain’t waitin’ for Bobby’s shindig; you ready?”
That was strange.  Castiel quirked an eyebrow but kept walking, ignoring the comment.  That is, until:
Dom.  The kindness in his voice latched onto Dean like a drug.  He craved it at this point.  But once Dean was fixed, he’d lose all that.  He doubted Castiel even thought of him beyond their dates, skewed as they were.
do you love, Dean?”
know.”
Castiel didn’t stop the sad trill, noting that Dean flinched when he did.  He crossed the distance between them, placing both hands on Dean’s chest.  He took a strange measure of relief that Dean’s heart was pounding nearly in tandem with his.  “I don’t care,” he murmured.  He touched Dean’s reddened cheek, forcing the man to face him.  “I truly don’t care.”
“Ow, fuck!” he yelped, taking a step back.  Shit, that made his ears ring.  He whined a little, rubbing his jaw.
"You aren’t fine," Castiel returned, staring at him pointedly.  "This brother of yours.  Let me call him.  You’re in no shape to drive."
,” Kevin remarked.  Keys clicked in the background and he muttered, “
Balthazar clucked his tongue over the line.  ”
Worse yet, he’d been forced to use the window twice, searing his skin more deeply than he had that night a month ago.  Though, as far as he was concerned, it had been worth it.  By the time he’d left, well after two in the morning, Dean slept calmly, curled up on the threadbare couch in his living room, no longer shaking and sweating.  After a two hours of sleep, Castiel was exhausted but strangely content.
The woman smiled warmly.  “Can I help you?” she asked.
,” Dean drawled.  “
Despite his shame over what had just happened in his office, Dean couldn’t help but grin a little.  It faded, however, when he realized how far he had to go to be a good sub.  If anything, his anxiety attack and the ill-timed masturbation were proof enough.  He sighed and tucked his phone in his pocket, turning his thoughts to choosing a restaurant for tomorrow.
in your stomach.”  He popped open the box and held it out.  ”Nibble on ‘em, okay?”
way to fall asleep, Cas.  Just the right kind of worn out.”
fluttered in the faint breeze.
He frowned.  “That’s my decision to make, Dean.  I told you that before.”
"Uh uh!  No!  I’m not supposed to —"
It had gotten worse in the last two days, in reality.  Dean had shuttered the shop for two days and left town, off somewhere for a quick trip he claimed was for parts for a classic reconstruction.  But when Castiel had arrived at his home the night he returned, he’d been dismayed to find the man completely intoxicated and collapsed on the couch.  He did all he could in his diminutive form to ease the man’s torment but he couldn’t ignore the moans of pain and stilted words as some nightmare laid claim to him.
Dean laced his fingers together in front of him, staring sightless where they sat on Castiel’s polished desk.  “Cas,” he rasped, “I’m pissed.”
that far to walk but in this rain, it’d be damn near painful.  He turned to slump back into the shop while he considered his options, squawking when he collided with something warm and hard.
Castiel might have lied about all this; stupid as it was.
Reddening, Dean scrambled to his feet, grabbing the blanket that had fallen from their shoulders.  The returned to the car, heading back to the restaurant, most of Dean’s tension long gone by that point.  He pulled back into the lot, pulling in beside Castiel’s car.
Castiel smiled.  He sighed.  “Honestly, I should be apologizing to you.”
“Cas,” he croaked, falling back to slump on his ass.  He held his head in his hands.  “I don’t deserve that.”
“Good different, or bad different?” Castiel prodded.
Dean’s hand rested lightly on the gun.  “Gonna have to be more specific.”
He followed the advice and padded after Castiel, looking around him in amazement.  The house was beautiful.  Lush and inviting.  The living room had a gas-lit fire burning behind a grate.  Plush, pale carpet from wall to wall.  The hallway and kitchen were hardwood as was the dining room when Dean peeked around the corner.  Framed photographs hung from the walls and a hutch of china and glass sat at the far end of the hallway.
Castiel scowled at the man.  “You seem happy.”  He fidgeted, feeling his side ache.
What few brain cells remained in Dean’s spirit-soaked brain fired off and he remembered drawing back fast.  Castiel was drunk.
back to normal.  He turned off the lights and locked up the store.  It was Saturday which mean the store would be closed tomorrow.  He had a few things he needed to do.  Refresh the charms in his garden and the general housekeeping came to mind.  Maybe something with pasta for dinner.
“One:  He thinks
His eyes narrowed.  Only people close to Bobby Singer knew about his love of that ridiculous Spanish soap opera.  While it assuaged his suspicions of Benny, it only increased them for Dean.  “You know Singer personally, don’t you?”
That final thought burst through his brain and he came with a cry, come pumping out of his trembling cock.  He gasped, body bucking as he spurt, nearly in pain at the sudden release.  Dean panted and flopped back, stunned by the intensity of his orgasm.  Remembering Castiel’s command, he reached for his phone, fingers shaking.  He aimed the camera at his half-stiff dick, the gobbets of white come on his trembling abdomen.  He looked like those twinky web-cam guys.  Opaque white splotches on tan skin.  His half-hard cock.
Speaking low, he relayed the day’s events, leaving out Dean’s sticky fingers in his mini-bar.
he thought.  Sadly.  It was just a matter of time.  And knowing that, he fought daily not to drive Castiel from his side.  He’d not lied to Castiel; he would do all he could to protect him.  Even to his own detriment.  The pain of losing Castiel might undo him completely.  He shuddered to even consider it.
A lonely man who wrote porn.
Still carding his fingers through Dean’s hair, Castiel had to smile at that.  “Dean,” he breathed, “I’m a police officer.  This is my
“What?”
Castiel opened his mouth and shut it, frown deepening.  Finally, he murmured, “No.  You seem to, however.”
“No!” Dean blurted.  He reddened, glancing at Castiel repeatedly as he headed for the drive-in.  Jesus Christ.  The things coming out of Dean’s mouth.  Fuck, it just twisted and twisted until it was too sharp to rein in.  He swallowed rapidly, trying to calm his racing heart.  “Michael . . . didn’t care.  Neither did Azazel,” he added.  The steering wheel squeaked under his hands as he gripped it.  “You’re . . . you’re just supposed to want to fuck me, Cas.  Not talk to me.”
in your life.  What frightens you, what pleases you.  You
And Dean . . . Dean was so . . . so . . .
"Yes.  Yes, I am.  Now, shut up."
Dean squirmed, warmed now by a different heat.  The concern and genuine affection in Castiel’s voice was startling.  He’d been so used to anger from a Dom that it splashed like cold water in his ears.  And likely, given Dean’s uneasiness all day, it wasn’t all that surprising he found himself getting hard.
Charlie had that look on her face that screamed
Dean blinked and then laughed.  “That sank in?”
Fearful of the man’s retaliation, his hands clenched on the handle as he stammered, “I’m . . . I’m . . . I’m . . .”
Dean’s eyes snapped wide and then went lidded, lips curling.  “Oh, yeah,” he murmured.  “Got you to put your hand on my dick, finally.”
“I can’t?”  Dean almost wanted to grin but he held back.
At the man’s name, Dean went still, body seizing.  “What the
Content, Castiel stopped and glared at Dean.  ”Will you
The voice on the other end certainly sounded smug.  “
hard, he moaned inwardly.
Ice shivered down his back and he trembled.  He’d done that with Michael, though.  He’d turn Michael away for crossing the line but eventually, Michael’s manipulation would win out and it would be
Castiel glanced at the blade in his chest, before refocusing on the human before him.  Fear swam desperately in green eyes.  The hollow grief of before a figment.  A shadow in Castiel’s memories.
Angry now, Castiel stepped forward and struck Dean across the face, his palm stinging.  His heart thundered in his ears and he swallowed rapidly, nervous and frustrated.  “Do
Benny grinned.  “Trade secrets, brother.”  He winked and stepped back, sweeping his arm out.  “Boys?”
Great.  So much for a cushion against human interaction.  His dread lessened quickly, however.  The bright side being even Balthazar wouldn’t know if the owner was rude or not.  Two birds with one stone, supposedly.  He sighed bitterly for Balthazar, inwardly somewhat relieved to be on his own for this.  He could go, run in, run out.  Be home before the afternoon grew too late.
He shuddered at Castiel’s dark chuckle.  “And then there is your body itself.  You are fit and firm.  Tall, well-built.”  Castiel shifted, his lips skidding down Dean’s bared spine.  “Skin like silk,” he stated.  He breathed out, slow and sure.  “
He fidgeted again, nervous.  “Well . . . yeah.”
actually
Now they were getting somewhere.  “Yeah.
I'M SORRY.  I SWEAR THERE WILL BE MORE FLUFF.  I PROMISE.  PLEASE DON'T HURT ME.
Balthazar clucked his tongue.  ”
”  He laughed harder.  “
“I was sorry.”  He drew up his legs, resting one elbow on his knees, chin in hand.  “I ran because all my adult life, we’d heard of the
Not thinking, Dean nodded, watching Castiel’s pale fingers slide the thick cuff onto his wrist.  At the quiet jingle of the buckle, Dean realized what a dumb mistake he’d made.  This was supposed to have been a gag to annoy his soon-to-be-married brother with.  Something to make him pout and mutter and swear fratricide.  What it
Thankfully, Castiel only nodded.  “True.  Because it’s not on the table at the moment.”
The man glowered, rubbing his arm and wincing.  ”I’m supposed to go alone.”
Before he could make any kind of decision, however, his door creaked open.
The man continued to sip his tea, glancing at Dean as he did.
Well, maybe halfway to nowhere.  He understood Castiel’s motivations a bit better.  And given his background, he believed the Castiel posing as Gabriel still really
him and Castiel’s brain had essentially gone off-line.
”  He heard footsteps this time before Castiel’s voice returned.  “
Castiel turned back, peering at Dean.  ”What?” he asked.  Given the state of his day, the last thing he needed was a sexy jock-head taunting him about something.  Not that he thought of Dean as a jock-head.  The two classes he’d had with Dean — English-centric — proved the young man was anything but dumb.  But Castiel just … God, his day needed to end
Terrible taste in clothes, though.”  He bit his lip to keep from snickering as he watched Castiel try in vain to get out from under all the cords currently wrapped around his arm.
He blinked in surprise.  Oh.  Well.  He pushed his phone away with one finger, staring at it.  Honestly, he’d expected more cajoling.  Some promise.  Not the explicit agreement.  Dean looked at the clock.  Almost one in the afternoon.  Maybe he’d leave in another half hour.  Keeping his eyes firmly away from his phone, he set back to work.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel cooed.  He stroked his thumb against Dean’s cheekbone, sighing.  “Dean, they . . . they are the broken ones.  Not you.  What they did to you was
As promised, the hospital released Castiel the next morning, directly into a taxi headed for the airport.  Singer said he’d have the rest of Castiel’s belongings in France shipped to wherever he ended up living.  So, with little more than an overnight bag, an ache in his side, and an airline ticket, Castiel prepared to head back to the homeland.  He looked again at the destination.  Kansas, of all things.  It did seem a bit in the middle of everything so maybe it made sense.  But, remembering how Singer had wanted him to reach Dean, he had to wonder if there was an ulterior motive to it.
Dean chuckled, though it sounded weak and broken.  He moved back across the room and kissed Castiel’s forehead, hand warm and rough against Castiel’s neck.  “I know that, Cas.  Believe me.”  He sighed, dropping his hand.  “Just . . . get some sleep.  I’ll see you later.”  He said nothing else as he paced away, collecting his clothing as he went.
“Th-they don’t know,” he muttered.  “They said . . . they said to leave him alone.  Th-that he won’t hurt us.”
” he breathed, clinging to Dean.
Castiel no doubt read his trepidation but nodded all the same.  “Very well.  Any time I say
“Read ‘em all, huh?”  Dean took one final step, far too close to Castiel.  Yet, he wanted the man even closer, much to his chagrin.  “Got a fave?” the man asked.
Castiel whimpered and shut his eyes, overcome.  “What are you doing to me?” he whispered, gripping one of Dean’s hands where it landed on his hip.  His breath shivered and shook through his chest, competing with the speed of his heart in violence.  He’d written about men growing dizzy with lust.  He’d
He opened his mouth to say as much but snapped it shut quickly.  No, that wasn’t entirely true.  Yes, he was here to arrest Dean but the idea that he actually
,’ kick to the curb.  He shook violently, trying desperately not to gulp air as he pressed his head to the desk, tears burning in his eyes.  Why?  Why did he keep fucking up?  He’d even managed this one without being naked once.  That had to be a record.
Squirming and squawking, Castiel tried to climb out from under Dean but the man was an octopus, pinning him to the bed with arms and legs at this point.  He grumbled, Dean spooned up behind him, nuzzling his neck.
Dean tasted like honey.
"You ain’t dyin’; just sick."
Green eyes, weary and bloodshot, peeked around the door.  ”Er, hi?”
Dean’s chuckle reverberated wet and warm against his neck.  “Oh?  I’m making you lose control, am I?”
It was wrong.  What he did was
Because, ideally, Castiel embodied all those awesome things he looked for in guys.  All of it in a tidy, trim, sexy package.  And maybe Dean had a bit of a complex when it came to his life in comparison to others.  He remembered being destitute and struggling.  Knew he’d barely finished high school and never went farther.  So, on paper, Dean looked kind of . . . dull.
,” Dean purred.
Making up his mind, he nodded once.  “Very well.  I suppose you should get back to work, Sydney.”  He smiled at the confused look the vampire gave him.  “Please.  Tell Dean I said ‘hello.’”
But here he was, pants open, dick out and wet, and he felt miserable.
He didn’t see Dean the next day until noon but the man carried with him a shy, secretive smile when he came into the hardware store.  He pointed at Castiel’s gloved hands and mused, “You cold?”
If he could just start it all over.  Just . . . not be
“Well, yes.”  He took the check with a nod and stuffed a few bills inside, before handing it off to the waiter.  He began shoveling his half-eaten dinner into one of the to-go boxes, gesturing for Dean to do the same.  “If this will make you comfortable, Dean, I see no reason not to.”
Stay away from Sam and just . . .
different.  He was definitely going to have to drill Kevin on that.  No way he’d changed that much, right?
Dean’s hand remained warm and strong against Castiel’s jaw.  The other man lifted his chin, grin wicked and sweet.  “Cas, unless
Dean chuckled.  ”It’s no big deal.  Just a bit of water and dirt.”  He shrugged, feeling his shirt stick to him.  Damn, hell of a way to meet his crush.  Given how stupid he felt at the moment, probably a good time to put that to rest.
And then he set himself to work.  While Dean slept off his alcoholic stupor, aided by a bit of fairy magic, Castiel cleaned the cabin, sweeping up the broken lamp and the disturbing number of empty liquor bottles.  He started a load of wash, and padded into the bedroom.  Dean had curled up on his side and slept deeply, hair still damp from the rain.
Another chuckle.  “Wasn’t as bad a stab as we thought.  Seems it just ended up jammed in there pretty damn good.”  Bobby sighed.  He pointed to the IV.  “Precaution at this point.  You should be released tomorrow morning.”
A weak laugh was Dean’s only answer.  He moved, resting his hands on his hips.  “It’s not that simple, Cas.”  He still refused to look at Castiel, his jaw working feverishly.
He almost threw it across the room as though it had turned into a poisonous snake.  Instead, he opened his hand and it thumped to the floor, sliding under his desk.  He arched his neck back, fingers digging into the arms of his chair.  Still hard.  Still fucking hard from
“Uh, right,” Dean muttered.  Somehow, he managed to keep James on track before their meal arrived and they were able to hash out the signing itself.  The following Monday, James would arrive at the store and do a Q&A for his latest book as well as the signing.  Relatively low fanfare though Gabriel had agreed to let Dean handle the publicity in town.  He’d be the one to contact the home office to let them know it was proceeding.
will come through for us.”  The cars were nearly there.  They burned through his head, tearing up dirt and gravel.  He could hear the officers murmuring in confusion.  Then alarm.  He turned then, pushing Dean down into a squat behind the van.  “I don’t trust anyone right now,” he admitted.
”  He clucked his tongue.  “
He could hear the lie in Dean’s voice.  The distance.  The urge to croon bubbled in his chest and he swallowed rapidly, forcing it back.  He shivered, tugging the comforter close.  Maybe Dean hadn’t correctly read Castiel’s overture the night before.  “Dean, I don’t regret sleeping with you.”
Nodding weakly, Castiel licked his lips.  “Uh . . . huh.  D-do you?”
The man jolted upright and spun, blinking owlishly.
"Yeah, most of humanity doesn’t make sense," Dean admitted.  He held out his hand, resting the back of his fingers to Castiel’s skin.  "Well, no fever.  So probably just a cold-cold."  He pulled his hand away with a quick jerk at Castiel’s curious look.  "Uh, you kind of just have to let it run its course.  Lots of liquids, rest; that kind of thing."
Still trilling, he flew up higher, plopping himself down on Dean’s head.
“Up the —?”  Squinting, Castiel looked and frowned.  The guardpost?  “Why’d he do that?”  He couldn’t hear anything above.  It was still suffocatingly quiet around him.  He was going to shoot the asshole, though.
anything.  Maybe all that had been a lie.  Maybe
“God, you sound good,” Dean groaned, hips losing rhythm and growing erratic as the seconds slipped by.  “You feel even better,” he added.  Dean hunched down over Castiel and drove impossibly harder into him.  “I wanna hear you come, baby,” he hissed.
“C’mon, Dean,” he pleaded.
– that
Fighting the shiver at his old Dom’s name, Dean took another huge bite of his burger, hunched over his desk.  Michael had been all charm and sweetness whenever around Sam.  Nothing like the bastard Dean had come to know.  But, at least he’d been in a relationship.  That was what mattered, right?  He was getting fucked regularly and someone could put up with his bullshit on a day-to-day basis.
“Freely … what?”  Castiel’s natural curiosity overcame his fright and confusion.  “Who are you?” he asked again.  He hadn't noticed the man sitting in his car when he’d arrived at the car park.  Or had he been ducked down, out of sight?  He frowned.  Not likely, the car was insanely small and the man was … not.
“You didn’t arrest him?” Castiel asked, eyebrow quirked.  Frankly, he wasn’t surprised Dean had bolted.  It sounded like the man.  He couldn’t help feeling depressed about it, though.  Little shit.  He had hoped to replay that kiss again.  Maybe.  Well, yes.  Among other things.
Brow furrowed, Castiel grunted, “Why?”
with Dean Winchester was like.  Dean didn’t even wait for the light to switch to green before slamming on the gas and fishtailing through the intersection.
He gave the cabin one last, warm look, before fluttering for home, singing under the moonlight as the rain began to fall.
~~*~~
He took a deep breath and drummed his nails on the desk.  “Normally, I’d agree right now.  Draw up a contract, whatever you require.  But Dean, I have a feeling that may not be a wise choice for you.  I don’t wish you to enter into another agreement with a Dom if you only feel you’re
"What?!"  Dean almost seemed to pout under Castiel’s guarded stare.  "Cas, c’mon.  Seriously?  I’m injured!  This … this is inhumane!"
“This way, boys,” he stated, pushing at the wrecked door of the garage.
Oh, how he
Dean’s fingers were warm and careful against his.  ”Dean Winchester.”
Well, some part of him did.  Hard to tell if it was his submissive side or his actual self.  Maybe with another day, he’d have a better idea?  He glanced around his office, aware that Castiel now peered at him curiously.
Yet, he felt he understood somewhat.  He almost wished he knew where this brother of Dean’s lived.  He’d speak to that man and try to find out just how often he might have done such things.  But it spoke volumes of his fear.  In the weeks that followed their splitting, Castiel had reformed his assumptions of Dean.
Stunned, Dean stared at the screensaver on his computer.  He sat back by degrees, the leather chair creaking under his hips.  He glanced at his left hand, startled to see his knuckles standing out white as he gripped the arm.  His skin felt fever hot and his blood pounded in his ears.  “Um.  Auto restoration.  I . . . own a place with my uncle.  Er, sort-of uncle.”
“As I’ll ever be,” Castiel muttered, checking the gun.
Face flush, he swallowed and nodded.  “Y-yes.  I . . . James is . . . er . . . we should sit,” he added hurriedly, scurrying after his writer.
was really
book of my career on your looks alone, Dean.”  Again that eye drag.  “Mind if I do so?”  He leaned in and whispered, “I promise to make it worth your while.”
“But . . . don’t you . . . have to ask stuff?”  Castiel was completely flummoxed; he’d likely be forgiven for not being entirely verbose.
Could work.  Castiel was smart.  He’d read into anything Dean might do.
Maybe this was why James was so
Castiel left his high-paying job for the low-glamour career of food cart vendor.  Turns out that might have been his brightest decision yet.
He tried to laugh but it cracked and tasted sour in his mouth.  “O-oh, yeah.  I . . . um . . . see . . . did . . . did you mean to give me your number?” he asked, immediately regretting the question.  He winced.
Exhausted, he’d given up trying to figure it all out by about one in the morning.  A few restless hours later, he rolled out of bed, feeling hungover even though he’d not finished his one drink.  It was only Thursday.  That meant four more days to his – Balthazar’s – signing.  Four days left of pretending to be something he wasn’t.  Four more days of Dean.
This time, Castiel had chosen a table with a better viewpoint.  This time, he tried to keep himself distracted with coffee drinking over and above officer-watching.  Even so, he felt his cheeks flare bright when the green-eyed one met his eyes.  Again with the dark, warm grin.
Not hiding the scowl this time, Dean snorted.  “Uh, doubt you’d get much of a book out of me, James.  Bookstore owners are kind of boring.”  He looked at Gabriel and found the other man covering his face with both hands, almost prone on the table.  Taking pity, Dean patted him on the back, feeling him tense.  His head snapped up and he flailed, almost tipping his chair over in the process.  Wide-eyed, he stared at Dean, mouth opening and closing like a fish.
be them but it . . . it wasn’t.  Wouldn’t be them.  No, this was all a weird, slightly odd favor.  Dean wasn’t anything to Castiel beyond that.
Swallowing, he typed back,
“Dean, if you’re uncomfortable with my asking such things, you merely need to say so.”  He sat up, leaning against the door of the car.  “We can talk or we can not talk; I’m fine with either.”
yanks him back by the collar of his jacket, out of the street he's about to stumble into and away from the midnight line that comes honking by.  He can't quite stand up straight and his vision is
"You’re such a shit,“ he muttered into the man’s shoulder, breathing in the scent of coffee and wildflowers.  Beginning of winter and the guy smelled like a damn meadow.  Who the fuck smelled like a field on the reg?
He shut his eyes and took another deep breath.  “You can do this,” he whispered.  At least, he hoped he could.
Startled by the venom in Balthazar’s voice, Castiel sat back, blinking.  ”I see,” he murmured.  Unable to help his curiosity, he asked, “How does this … leak not know about Benny?”
Castiel stiffened and growled when the man grabbed Dean by the throat, leaning in close.  Why the
Castiel blinked in the gloom, rubbing his eyes.  He felt worn but happily so.  Dean had apparently cleaned them both up for he didn’t feel the normal tackiness to his skin that came from falling asleep so soon after coming.  Peering into the dark, he called out tentatively, “Dean?”  He heard the man freeze and leaned over, clicking on the bedside lamp.  Not yet four.  He frowned, yawning.  “It’s a little early, isn’t it?”
sit still?  You’re lucky it wasn’t lower.”
backing down, Castiel whined, “
Dean was replaceable.  Always replaceable.  Though, for once, the word sat wrong with him.  He frowned, contemplating that.
Dean sagged in his seat, pulling away.  His skin felt tight and his eyes burned.  “If . . . if you’re trying to find a way to say I’m a bad sub, you don’t have to come up with shit.  You can just say it.”  He yelped when Castiel grabbed him by the chin, wrenching his head around.
Castiel swallowed, reaching up to touch Dean’s lips with his fingers.  “Why, though?  I’ve lied to you.  So many times.”  He dropped his hand and his gaze.  “Balthazar warned me that he told you about Michael.  So you see, I’m not exactly a
I AM A CHAMPION AT REPEATING MYSELF.  ENJOY.  D:
.”  Gabriel hummed and Castiel could just make out the tick of keys.  “
Dean grinned.  “Smells great, Cas.”  His eyes widened a bit as Castiel pulled the pie he’d purchased from the fridge.  “And pie?  I feel spoiled.  I just brought shitty wine.”
He licked his lips and looked over his shoulder then, finding Dean watching him, the concern almost a physical caress.  The man smiled at him and winked before turning back to face the murmuring crowd.
“He goes by . . .” he glanced frantically around his car, noting a magazine with Tom Hiddleston on the over, “Loki?”
of them needed to be functioning.  Dean could handle being the fuck up for a little longer.
Close to ten, Dean’s phone beeped and he grunted, reaching over to grab it.  From his vantage point, Castiel could read the text message clearly.
Castiel tilted his head, confused at the fear and disgust that seemed to spill from Dean in that instance.  “It happened late last night, Dean.  I wasn’t about to call you to inform you that I made an error in judgment.”  He reached up with his other, still-gloved hand and stroked Dean’s jaw.  “I’m fine.  It’s not permanent.”  He smiled.  “In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if it cleared up by our date tonight.”
Castiel tried not to keep his eyes on the two cars heading their way but it was difficult.  Mainly because it gave him something else to focus on giving the rude, shit-eating grin plastered on Dean’s face.  He scowled at the thief and grumbled, “Is there something you need to say?”
Castiel pulled him down until the man was prostrate against him and nipped the man’s lips before kissing him soft and sure.  He savored Dean’s whimper, licking his way inside.  Dropping a quick kiss to the dazed man’s nose, he smirked.
Flopping back on the bed, still half-awake but now curled like a cat around Castiel’s pillow, he murmured, “Floor’s hard.  ’swarm up here.”  He shifted, sighing.  ”Smells good, too.”
Castiel’s fingers and palms found every one of Dean’s knots and worked them out, leaving them buttery and hot.  Castiel asked a question now and again, something inane, and Dean could barely remember to make a noise of assent.  He drifted, focused on Castiel’s touch and the pleasant buzz it left in his flesh.
Balthazar snorted.  “Go meet the owner.  Then decide.  After all, if this fellow is an arse, I’d recommend not going through with it.”
Castiel frowned and gestured to Dean.  “Dean?” he prodded.  “Please, follow me.”  He was dressed similar to the week before; clean, tight jeans, this time, a light gray Henley given the turn to cooler weather.
“Huh.”  Castiel blinked rapidly.  So.  If Dean was telling the truth, he was a demon who’d intended to devour Castiel’s soul but instead was left drifting in reality.  “Huh,” he repeated, sitting back and staring out the window.
“Y-yeah,” Dean managed, eyes glazed.  “P-promise.”  He grinned suddenly.  “Unless you got some cool shit in your house.”
”  He snickered.  “
"And headache?"
panties?  Like, tiny women’s panties?  He’d caught glimpses of his roommate naked and damn if that idea wasn’t entirely too hot to handle.  He swallowed his whimpering sigh, wondering why the world insisted on tormenting him like this.  He could barely admit he was in love with his roommate; he didn’t need to have
had been pining these last three years as well?  Could it be that even Castiel had reached the point of no return in his lust for Dean?  Could it be that Dean had wasted three goddamn years mooning over a guy who was already mooning over him?
but the one I love?”  Dean sighed softly.  “Always
Dean.  Felt a hollow ache in his chest the longer they remained apart.  Especially when he
“Er, right.”  Though, Dean kind of liked having his hands in Castiel’s.  Like some love-sick dork of a teenager.  No one ever accused him of being suave, after all.
Dean snickered.  “Are you telling me or asking me?”
“Better hurry, though,” Gabriel warned.  “When Cassie’s upset, he sometimes lights out for days at a time.”
He shivered at the name, licking his lips.  “I, uh, well.  Maybe, that is, tie me up?  Maybe stroke me off?”  His face burned at the words and he refused to look at Castiel.  God, he sounded stupid.  Like a child begging for a toy at Christmas.  And he couldn’t dispel how strange it felt to put a voice to his wants.  Before it’d just be happenstance if his needs coincided with either Azazel or Michael.  That he’d be lucky to hit on a kink he liked when the other men were getting off on him.
Castiel stared at his hand and then at Dean’s face.
As he approached the counter, he overheard two younger women speaking.
Pushing up in liquid movements, Pam flipped her hand at him and winked.  “Oh, please.  You two needed a nudge.”  She blew him a kiss and sauntered off.
The warmth of Dean’s laughter made him forget the storm around them.  And given the result, he gave serious consideration to having his umbrella bronzed and hung in the hallway.
to do with you.”
begging for forgiveness.  Was it heading that way with Castiel, then?  Was Dean just a step away from letting the man have whatever he wanted?
him.  He wanted Dean to see that.  Castiel would not harm him.  Would only love him the way he deserved and needed.
“What would make you happiest right now?” Castiel asked, his chair creaking as he sat forward.
“Because you asked me to,” Castiel answered, sincere and direct.  He came around the counter, careful to stay out of arm’s length of Dean regardless.  “What I did to you was . . . I wish I could take it all back.  Pretend it never happened.  Slam the door in my father’s face.  Any number of things I wish I’d done rather than send you away.”  He leaned against the counter, fingers white as he gripped the edge.  “And I will bake you a thousand cakes, if it means you’ll forgive me this.”  He snorted faintly.  “Please don’t ask for anymore marzipan dicks, however.”
Monday morning, Castiel opened the hardware store, humming to himself, barely able to hide his grin.  He couldn’t have
He heard Castiel mumble something before his voice returned, calm and quiet as always.  “
broken after all?  His unease seemed to bleed out and he slumped in his chair, rubbing his face.  “Yeah, I get it.  I just . . . kind of . . . I thought maybe you’d be a Dom for me,” he blurted.
“Oh,” he began.  He said nothing else, only reached out and tugged on Dean’s hand.  “Please, let’s take a moment in the living room.”  He said nothing more until they were both seated on the couch.  With a low cough, he leaned forward, elbows on his knees.  After a moment, he reached out, taking one of Dean’s hands.  “My apologies, Dean.  I had . . . I suppose I hadn’t thought that through very well.”  He smiled weakly.  “I clearly could do with hearing my own advice and actually
Swallowing the groan, he shifted his basket, pinching the bridge of his nose.  He barely knew Dean.  Certainly had
In an effort to break himself of the habit, Dean stayed at work late one night, purposefully making it home right at six.  Maybe if he did something different for once, he’d stop looking around for this guy and get on with shit.  His life was rapidly turning into a bad young adult novel.  Pining over someone whose name he didn't even know.  Who was probably straight as a board with nine kids and a wife.  Dean was just being pervy at this point.  Time to move on and find a new fascination to lock onto.
But Dean wouldn’t hear him otherwise.  Was it truly so terrible to wind a truth spell into his touch?  To coax the honesty from a man who sank beneath it?  He wanted to
something Interpol-related to narrow it all down.  Possibly.
For a moment, Castiel was almost pleased by the idea.  He himself fared little better.  Every night, he fought the urge to check in on Dean, knowing full well the man would either expect it or would suss him out immediately.  Very hard to sneak up on someone when they know all your forms.  But the pleasure faded quickly and his heart thudded.
“Don’t get mad at me if you fall off my head, you drunk,” Dean teased.  He moved slowly, though, as he settled even deeper into his chair, slouched and comfortable.
He jumped when the coffee pot pinged, the water finally boiled.  His heart thundering, legs trembling, Castiel stared sightlessly toward the kitchen, even as Dean continued to kneel before him.
Cheeks warm, Castiel smiled.  “Of course.  I’m happy to help.”  He swallowed.  “Since you’re now a business owner, you’re entitled to a charge account here.  With a ten-percent discount.”
Castiel shifted in his seat, his dark eyes raking over Dean as he gaped.  “Read?” he squeaked.
He took a breath, feeling his insides quake.
He didn’t look at his cousin; nor at Dean.  If he looked at either man, he was fairly certain he’d collapse and never get this exposure over.  Heart thundering in his throat, he made his way to the table Dean had set up and stood before it.
With his heart wedged in his throat, Dean met those bright eyes and swallowed.  “You do, huh?” he husked.  “You’ve seen civilizations rise and fall in seconds,” he pointed out, barely holding back the sneer.  “Hell, you’ve told me that shit yourself in the beginning, trying to get me to kowtow to the douches upstairs.  How the hell can you get attached to
He’d expected this.  “I’ll pay.  At
Dean wanted to refuse, to
the soft bulge of the man’s cock.  Granted, he’d
Dean didn’t know the guy’s name.  He referred to him – in head only because he’s not crazy, dammit – as his Commuter Angel.  Always dressed neat as a pin.  Very stern looking with those sharp blue eyes.  Which made the scruffiness of his jaw a bit weird but damn attractive.  Deep, dark voice.  The kind of voice that made honest men sin like there was nothing left in the world.
Castiel clenched his jaw.  “I’m running under the assumption you
“I’m not sure if Bartlett lives in the area or what but yeah.  I’m meeting him and Gabe for dinner in a bit, actually.”
Castiel didn’t let him get far.  He grabbed Dean’s wrist, pulling him close.  Eyes closed, he played with Dean’s hair, feeling the man smile against his chest.  “If you think,” he murmured, “that I’m letting you out of my sight after
“Enough!” he growled.  He sat up, forcing Dean to fall back on his heels.  Annoyed and aroused, he grabbed Dean by the shirt front and shook him.  “I am no coward.  I am no weakling.”  His fairy self churned and flared inside him.  The things this man did to him.  To have Dean leave him now might very well destroy him.  While he struggled to calm his volatile senses, he smirked, remembering an old legend.  “Besides, I might have a leg up, thanks to you.  It is said, that when fairies bond, our magic is strengthened.  That our . . . beloved unlocks hidden reserves.”
“Hey,” Dean whispered, nudging him with his shoulder.  “It’s gonna be okay.”
Castiel picked one up.  It was rough stock.  Plain black lettering.
Several bottles of alcohol lined the easy chair Dean often sat in.  Had he been like this since their break up?  He touched Dean’s arm, halting him, the man swaying in place as he turned.
“If you did have a connection to Hell, won’t they be mad?”
“Wha-what?”
happy.  He wanted a relationship.  Wanted someone to talk to, to spend time with.  Someone who didn’t care that he wrote porn or that he had to wad up his socks a particular way, had to organize the books a certain way.
Until his damn brother commented,
out there, Cas?”  He smirked.  “What do you think’s so frightening?”
“Hm?  Yeah!”  He filled up his own mug, avoiding looking at Castiel as he sipped from it.  “So.  Does . . . James need anything special?  Like . . . particular food?  Drink?”
Not wasting time, Castiel stomped up to Dean and grabbed him by the coat collar, dragging him into a kiss.  Dean was stiff against him, tense and wary.  But he melted quickly, returning the kiss eagerly, arms sliding around Castiel’s waist.  It didn’t last long, however.
How . . .
Sam’s humor faded.  “Why not?”
ago.  He’d only caught sight of Dean as he’d bolted from an art museum.  Even then, the man had taunted him.  Saluted him and jumped over a hedge.  “That so?” he murmured, moving his fingers again.
“Oh, Dean,” he breathed.
Dean grinned at him, all bright eyes and flush cheeks.  ”You’re such an awesome dude, Cas.”
, he thought, trying not to groan in irritation.  He wanted to know what Balthazar had said to the man but on the same hand,
To his relief, though, the man let go of Dean relatively quickly.  Not that the situation seemed better.  Dean looked more shaken than before.  The man patted Dean’s cheek, sharply, considering the way Dean’s head snapped back.  But he left, strolling away in the same direction he’d arrived.
That was the bloody problem.  Completely and utterly smitten with this little shit of a man.  Supposedly there were worse things but Castiel had trouble thinking of any.
And then nothing.  The next entry was dated six months later.  Dean’s familiar, liquid handwriting.
In a near trance, Dean scooted over, hip to hip now with Castiel.  He still hadn’t torn his eyes from Castiel’s.  Swimming in pleasure, even from so brief a touch, Dean grunted and blinked when Castiel tapped his nose.
Balthazar raised an eyebrow.  “Care to slow that down a tad?”
unless we have some long-ass drag-out fight over stupid shit.”  He snorted.  “And I don’t fight over stupid shit.”
His eyes snapped open and he frowned.  “You said it was no different than tight under –“ he clapped his mouth shut at Dean’s amused leer.  “ – oh.
“All right.”  He stopped, squinting at Castiel.  The other man returned the incredulous look with a warm grin.  "Uh, Sierra?“ Dean prodded.
to that?”
Castiel toyed with Dean’s fingers, watching them in the sunlight.  ”Hey, Dean?”
“I, uh, was looking for a place that was off the beaten path.  Just . . . away from all the shit and noise and . . . actually, I kind of threw a dart at a map.”  He shrugged, looking a bit embarrassed as he did.  “I like it here, though.  It’s really quiet.  People are friendly but not nosy.  And, Portland and Salem are close by if I ever feel like I’m missing anything.”
He blinked at the glass of water in front of his face.  He took it, swallowing a mouthful as Castiel sat down beside him.
he wouldn’t say anything stupid in the next ten seconds.
Castiel regretted leaving Dean in handcuffs seconds after the food arrived.  He set his own aside, leaving to be reheated later, and held out the other toward Dean.
“Shhh,” Castiel cooed, his fingertips stroking Dean’s cheek.  He leaned over and kissed Dean’s jaw.  “It’s all right, Dean.”  His voice remained low and even.  “They will
he could switch off with Sam but then again, this was his baby so fat chance.  Which meant a numb ass and a burning crick in his back.
He offered Castiel a brief smile before turning to the house.  Dean bit his lip as his fingers shook but he managed to get the key in the door and the door opened without dropping them.  He nearly shut the door behind him in reflex, remembering at the last second to wait for Castiel.
Against his better judgment, Castiel snickered at the last.  He didn’t fight when Dean untangled them.  The other man swiped a thumb along Castiel’s cheek, smiling warmly.  “I know your name is Castiel Novak.  I know that mine’s Dean Winchester.”  He grinned.  “I think that’s a damn good start; don’t you?”
He hung up the phone, tucking it into his pants pocket and turned to the oven.  Pulling it open, his mouth watered at the melted cheese and fresh scents of basil and red meat sauce.  “Dean,” he called quietly.  “You’re welcome to join me in the kitchen.”  He turned, stiffening when he saw Dean leaning in the entryway.  Smiling nervously, he set the pan of lasagna on a trivet and murmured, “I’ll let it set for few more minutes.  Though, I admit I get impatient with lasagna.”
Dean halted, blinking.  He grinned slow and nodded.  “Yeah, I did.”
“Can I take that to mean I haven’t fucked up
”  He smirked.  “Oh, but wait.  Didn’t you say you wanted a
Angel Wings
Castiel rolled his eyes, slinging his roommate’s arm over his shoulder.  ”I hadn’t noticed,” he muttered.  He waved awkwardly to Sam who slipped behind the wheel of the Impala, taking it home.  His own car sat at the far end of the parking lot and lugging a drunken idiot made for a slow trek.
He squinted, eyes unfocused.  “Hmmm.  Loaded question.”  He snorted, turning away and almost falling over the chair as he picked up a nearly empty bottle of whiskey.  He eyed it, sputtering his lips.  “Dammit.  Just bought this today.  I think.”  He took another hard swallow, hissing.  He held it out toward Castiel.  “Need a hit?”
Dean shook his head so violently he thought his neck would snap.  He grabbed Castiel around the waist and hauled him close, kissing him.  Well,
Considering the subject, Dean went on.  “Not to pry, but why
”  His voice softened.  “
She blinked and chuckled.  ”You mean Benny and Dean?  Yeah, every night just about.”  She looked at her wrist.  ”Usually about this time.”
wrong at this point.
Balthazar seemed even less convinced.  “I don’t know, Cassie.  He has been on your case lately to attend these little gatherings.  He may not like you cancelling.  Again.”
"I can’t imagine what he’s getting at, Cas," Dean chirped.  His small smile shifted to a wolfish grin, eyes sharp.  "Your hotel furniture looks pretty damn sturdy."  He stood, back hunched in the cramped confines of the lorry, cuffed hands dangling.  "Hey, is that why you woke up so …
cougar?!  Dean had gone mad.  Or Castiel had.  Hard to tell.  The little blue-eyed monster on the counter blinked at Dean before turning back to its bowl of slop.
Balthazar chuckled.  ”Oh.  So
Penguins were far better than this shit.
?”  He shook his head.  “No, you had a visceral reaction to something unpleasant.”  Another warm, soft smile.  “You can still be a sub for a Dom; I just believe that cuffs are not something you should engage in.”
“You are
Dean waved a hand frantically.  “No!  Uh, no.  He doesn’t need to be involved.”
Castiel plopped down on the plastic seat beside Dean and draped his arm across the man’s shoulders.  ”I’m quite good at those, I admit,” Castiel replied.
"Sheesh.  Someone’s grumpy in the morning."
Aw, awkward Cas; you are my baby.  :D
you’re away from Michael.  You’re –“
something ridiculous.  Here he had a man he’d always wanted and dreamed of.  Someone who
Castiel latched onto the subject change with relief.  “Oh, yes!  I’m making a lasagna for dinner.  I neglected to have anything on hand, however.  Do you like lasagna, Dean?”  He hadn’t meant to ask that.  He really hadn’t it.  But Dean’s green eyes were more a distraction than his smile and firm muscles.  Damn everything.  Castiel was completely smitten.
(See the end of the chapter for
late for work?”  Still didn’t explain why Castiel felt a need to apologize.  Gabriel was the asshole, not Castiel.
“It is a
Dean looked up, almost guiltily when Castiel came closer.  He snapped the small item shut and tossed it toward the couch.  It bounced over the cushions before falling to the floor with a slap.
Stunned, Castiel stopped searching for his phone and fidgeted.  “I don’t . . . I’m confused,” he stated, shivering as the rain continued its torture.
"Uh, yeah."  He pushed the door open and staggered, his shirt a sticky mess of blood and fabric.  "Um, about Crowley?  Looks like I didn’t move fast enough," he mumbled.  He blinked wildly and held up his other hand.  "Also, I’m going to pass out."
Castiel reached up and tugged on the collar of Dean’s jacket.  “Let me take your coat.  And please, leave your shoes by the door.”
He dropped down onto the couch, body quivering with aftershocks, whimpering once when Dean slipped from of his well-used ass.  He didn’t fight Dean’s gentle fingers passing over his skin.  The warm washcloth that scraped his sensitive skin free of come and sweat.  Body pliant, he went with Dean’s direction when the man returned, sprawling on the couch and gathering Castiel up against him.
He tried to make small talk with Dean but often stammered through whatever nonsense he managed to cobble together in his head.  Dean always smiled at him though.  Asked how he was doing.  After a while, he even began to ask about Castiel’s cat, Jupiter.  Just very friendly, above-board banter.  Like a proprietor and customer would have.  Even though Castiel probably told Dean more than he’d told any other customer.
“Hey there, stranger.”  Dean grinned at him from behind the counter, all bright and cheerful.  Asshole.  The man wore a tight, black t-shirt which left his gorgeous black tattoo on his right arm on full display again.  Bastard.  At this point, Castiel could have sworn the man did it on purpose.
Silent still, they padded to the wall closest and sidled along its length, pausing every step or so, breath held tight in their throats.  At the door, Castiel leaned against it, pressing his ear to its surface.  He could hear something; whether voices or not remained to be seen.  He reached up with his free hand, testing the door knob.  It turned easily and he pushed the door open, remaining in a crouch, pistol out.
idea,” Dean muttered.  He sat between Balthazar and Castiel, handcuffed again, in the back of a police lorry.
“It was stupid,” Dean muttered.  He stared downward, shoulders hunched.  “I’d heard about this set of jewels.  Real high-end ones.  In Portugal.  Easy as hell to break into.”  He rubbed his face, looking tired.  “Should have known better.”
though.  He wanted to be buried in Dean
Dean slid his hands between his legs and shrugged.  “Sure.  What?”
The idea that his state came about because of Castiel made his insides burn and blaze.  But
was fully naked.  He licked his lips, staring at the thick, ruddy dick that had sprung free as soon as he’d forced down the man’s briefs.  Castiel moved to kneel and grunted when Dean grabbed him by the shoulders.
He shut the door behind him and barely acknowledged Anna’s wave goodbye.
Reluctantly, he opened his eyes and felt his cock swell at the dark possession in Castiel’s gaze.  It almost frightened him how intense his pleasure was in that moment.  Castiel’s hand was nowhere near his dick and yet he felt more turned on than he had in years.  He licked his lips, shifting when those blue eyes followed the gesture.
He took a step from the door, halting when Dean’s eyes narrowed.  “My father is a renowned psychologist.  And for as rational as his career is, he himself tends to border on the opposite.”  He began to pace, arms still folded at his middle.  “He willingly speaks at religious conferences on the idea of
want that.
Or sing so sweetly.
~~*~~
He’d worn them plenty with Michael.  Ankle cuffs even.  He was used the feel of tight leather, the unique scent.  Once, he’d
“Hey, Cas,” he murmured, unsure of what this could mean.  They hadn’t yet made arrangements for another date and really, when they did, Castiel usually waited until the afternoon to call.  Never first thing in the morning.  Dean felt his gut clench at the implications, his palms beginning to sweat.
Castiel was completely and forever fucked in that moment.  He drowned in it, oblivious to anything and everything but Dean and his devilish touch.  He didn’t even feel Dean’s other hand let go of him.
Gabriel
"That is correct.  All I can say to that is,
So, Castiel didn’t want to hear about Dean’s supposed partner?  Most people wanted to avoid such information if they themselves were interested.  Dean flicked his gaze to the camera and then back to Castiel as he passed off his equipment to his assistant, Charlie.
“Dean!” he squeaked, wincing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel’s anger soured, turning cold as he heard the truth in the man’s words.  He clenched his jaw and began to pace in tight circles, keeping his eyes on Dean the entire time.  “Dean, whoever you were before, it doesn’t matter.”  He folded his arms across his chest, pulse climbing.  His passions were overtaking him again.  He couldn’t keep hold of them in this instance.  He wouldn’t be surprised if he began glowing.
Dean chuckled and coaxed Castiel forward.  He guided Castiel to the couch and murmured, “Well, magic word and all.”  Forceful but gentle, he pushed Castiel onto the couch, leaving him bared and open.  His thumbs pried at Castiel’s ass as he crowded up on the couch behind him.  “Mmm, you look good like this.”
Wiping at his eyes, still grinning, Castiel sighed.  ”Not that it’s any of your concern, but, Balthazar is merely a liaison with the police here in London.  I assure you, we are strictly professional.”  He smiled then, amused and somewhat pleased that Dean had been so riled up.  It warmed his belly, traveling easily below his belt.  ”In the meantime, Dean, I’m hanging up now.  Though, I urge you to turn yourself in.”
“This is yours?” Castiel asked.
He licked his spoon, one eyebrow arched delicately.  ”Lover trouble?” he queried.
that he can never take what belongs to me.”  Crowley paused, his shoes squeaking as he turned.  “I paid him for his talents and he should be pleased with that.”
had created the supposed horrors that the Winchesters embodied.  How this man – John – was adamant his sons would become hunters.  That they would tear the world in the name of revenge.
Pulling Dean to his feet, Castiel kissed him again, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck as he did.  He stepped back, sighing.  “Dean, I –“
Castiel stopped, and glared.  “You ass.”
“Oh, my.  You two … so much more entertaining than anything the BBC can concoct.”  He picked up the mug at his elbow and took a healthy swallow.  “So.  I assume you’re here because you’d like aid, hm?”  When Castiel nodded, his lips thinned.  “You do understand that if I did so, I’d be threatening my own career?  Not to mention, should this be found out, you are good as gone, Cassie.”
he thought.
Wait, he recognized the voice.  Sydney.  One of the three vampires in Grovelock.  Frowning, Castiel murmured, “He isn’t . . . I don’t think.  He’s not done anything to me.”
Showtime, then.  Castiel nodded again.  “Yes.  Wait here.”
He shook his head.  “I’ll . . . I can’t,” he murmured.  He held his head in his hands.  “I’ll be a nervous wreck and probably say something rude or horrible and the owner will be mortified that I’m even there.”
His brother opened his mouth to protest but snapped it shut quickly.  Looking defeated, he nodded.  “Yeah, fine.  Okay.  I’m still putting you down for plus one, though.  So find a plus one, dammit,” he added with a grin.
“Well, I can call him and let him know his rouse isn’t so much a rouse as a burning house of cards.”  Dean could imagine the publisher shrugging on the other end.  “Might end up with a cancelled signing, though.  He probably won’t feel all that great to know that
“Not an excuse,” Dean replied.  To his credit, he met Castiel’s sharp look.  “You fucking treated me like shit in there, Cas.”
that aggression from you.  I want your obstinacy.  Your passion.”  Castiel’s dark voice thrilled Dean down to his toes and his trapped cock leapt as he growled, “My desire for you only increases, my pet, with each combative word you give me.”  He moved again, letting a palm drift along Dean’s bicep, squeezing the muscle almost in possession.  “In time, we will explore all our bodies have to offer one another.”  Dean could hear him swallow hard and his voice grew rough and strained, “Though, you try my resolve, my darling pet.”
Settling into his chair, the warmth of the wine slipping into his blood, Castiel smiled.  “I’m a fan of some wines.  Though, truly, I prefer whiskey.”
major
A new life.  That’s what he’d intended.  A new life where
Dean blew out a quick breath, grinning weakly.  “Sorry.  Been a while since I’ve done this thing.  I won’t lie, Cas; I’m a bit of a . . . I guess
Castiel snorted as he grabbed a chair, pulling it up against the bed, his arm hanging awkward and jerking now and again as Dean moved.  ”Oh, of course.  Your legend.  Mustn’t let the general public know your weakness.”
He shut his eyes tight.  “I’ll . . . it’ll be easier if I do this alone,” he mumbled.
that splashed all over the place.
Cas,” he whined, his hips bucking.
“No shit, Sherlock.”  Dean folded his arms over his chest, blushing this time from embarrassment rather than booze.  “How come I don’t want to die right now?”
Maybe if he’d stayed at his office down the road, he’d feel up to Dean’s caliber.  No way a man as well-to-do as Dean would want anything to do with someone who ended his day smelling of coffee and bacon.  Who lived in a tiny one-bedroom apartment with a cat who always slept on his face.  Who spent most of his money on books rather than anything of use.
Ah.  Taking a risk, Dean reached over and latched a hand onto Castiel’s wrist, feeling the man tense instantly.  “Hey, if it’s any consolation, I kind of expected him to be like you.”  Castiel’s blue eyes were wide and startled.  Dean grinned and winked, feeling it a win when a flush of red crawled along the man’s nose.  “He’s obnoxious.  You?  You, I like.”
He spent the next few weeks seeing Dean as both mortal and fairy, though he was careful to keep his nocturnal visits to the spare side.  Dean didn’t seem to mind the company, but Castiel saw no reason to push his luck.  He learned more of the man but knew that so much still remained hidden.  Dean had been hurt so terribly in his past.  Castiel didn’t fault him for his tentative attempts at trust.  Though, he ached each time he watched the man fold and withdraw, a sickly false smile on his warm lips.
Castiel looked away and murmured, “The man who ran into you was my coworker, Gabriel.”
This is in response to a series of AU prompts floating around Tumblr in which "Person A smacks Person B with an umbrella."
The lorry shuddered to a stop and Dean perked up, grinning.  ”Oh, darn!  We have a gunfight to get stuck in!”
None of his questions regarding this
"Children.  Cease."  He smirked, gesturing out the window.  "I’m afraid there is about to be a bit of a firefight."
Dean licked his lips and shuddered.  “Fuck, you look good like that, Cas,” he growled.  He didn’t waste much more time teasing, however and lined himself up, pushing in slow and sure, his, hands gripping the pillow under Castiel’s head.  “
"It’s not like that," he muttered.  He shifted in his seat.  "This … thief.  He’s very … obnoxious."
“You sound like you didn’t sleep well, Gabe.”  Dean picked up a stack of books and came around the counter, tight jeans showing off his ass as he did.  “Me?  I slept like a damn
He took a deep draught of air and let it out in a burst.  “When you don’t touch me, I think you don’t want me,” he blurted.  His face felt cold and hot and he couldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes but he went on, staring at the floor between his socks.  “I get the sex part; I do.  I mean, I
He walked the three blocks to the train station, new shoes pinching his heels, waistcoat about an inch shy of too tight.  He tugged on his tie again, blowing out a harsh breath.  He could do this.  Shit, he was a
Castiel’s grin broadened as he patted Dean’s wrist.  “I hoped that you would want to, Dean.”  He laced his fingers with Dean’s, squeezing his hand.  “For now, though; home?”
was drunk.  The guy probably didn’t even know who he’d been talking to.  Not only that, but in the last few years, Castiel had become Dean’s closest friend.  No need to risk something so amazing as friendship for something as unpredictable as his whiskey-impaired dick.
”  He leaned in, kissing Dean once, his lips little more than a brush of skin.  “But,” he whispered, “I want you to enjoy that submission.  I don’t want you pressured into that.”  He smiled, kissing Dean again, just as chaste and sweetly.  “Will you do that for me?  Will you wait until you are ready?”
is not a man you wish to cross.”  He leaned away from the hostess and whispered, “Crowley Morgan does not often forget slights to his character or property.”
had just happened.  He wiped his mouth, remembering all too clearly how perfectly those lips had felt.  How he’d wanted that.
Sam scrolled his phone and pointed.  “Looks like a place about ten miles ahead.  Don’t worry; I’ll get it to go.”
He led Dean through the halls to Balthazar’s office, finding the blond busy at work, head bowed over his desk.  Castiel shut and locked the door, stiffening when he heard the man drawl, “A threesome so early in the morning?  My, you are full of surprises, Novak.”
be doing the same soon?”  Her gray eyes were dangerously mischievous.
Dean sipped at his coffee, continuing to read his paper.  ”Mmhmm.  So tell me, o dead one, throat hurt?”
That . . . didn’t sound right.  Dean frowned slightly.  He’d met pranksters; hell, he
you disappoint me.”  His tone softened, dropping nearly to a whisper.  “Not when you’re exactly what I want.”
to want to go for a drive simply to fuck Dean later.  But before he knew it, Castiel had their meals boxed up and slipped them into the paper bag the waiter brought.  He stood, beckoning for Dean to do the same.
“Wait, Cas!”
they start but . . . he wasn’t entirely sure
Castiel woke up with a groan and two Bennys hovering over him.  Grimacing, he felt behind his head, touching the bruise.  “That fucker,” he growled, taking Benny’s hand and sitting up.  Bad idea; his head swam and he nearly pitched over.  Taking a few heavy breaths, he eventually pushed into a standing position, his hand flat against the wall.  “Where’d he go?” he demanded, eyes shut.
But Dean . . . Dean was . . . Castiel drew his knees up and buried his face in his clothes.  He wanted to know more about Dean.  Wanted to know
Castiel’s breath seized.
Shutting off the spray, he grabbed a clean towel and wrapped it around his hips, stepping out of the bathroom cautiously, expecting more taunts from that lovely bastard.
With a sigh, he stood up and brushed off his jeans.  “Whatever you’re up to, Cas; hope it’s workin’ for you.”
Dean.  At least, not in the way you seem to think.”  He dropped his hand, once more laying his fingers on Dean’s wrist.  “How long were you with him?” he asked, softly.
He nodded again.  “I’m aware,” he said finally, feeling Dean’s green eyes bore into the side of his head.  “I know what I’m asking, Balthazar.  I’ve no right to it, but still … I’m asking for help.”
Trilling, Castiel scrambled to his knees and crawled to Dean, kissing his cheek with gentle brushes of skin.  “You do, though.  All my light and all my love; you deserve all of that.  Please, let me show you.”  He half expected Dean to stop then, to push him away.  But to his delight, Dean pulled him into his naked lap, kissing him soundly.  He purred happily, his legs falling naturally around Dean’s hips and he thrust gently, feeling Dean’s cock wet and warm between them.
“Are you seriously down-selling your own writer?”  Dean chuckled.  “What, does the guy have three assholes or something?”  Dean shook his head, turning back to the front counter.  He slipped behind it and pulled out a small notepad, sliding it across to Castiel.  “Every week, I get someone asking about him.
Castiel threw his phone on the couch, falling off his easy chair onto the floor, face smooshed into the plush carpet.  “Fu-uck,” he muttered.  He should get up and call Dean.  Apologize for Balthazar’s antics and see if the signing was still salvageable.  Though, he could use it as a way to
is dealt with.”
Castiel smiled weakly, trying to ignore how pleasant it felt to have Dean’s hands on him.  He swallowed, blushing a second time.  “I … should uncuff you,” he rasped.  He couldn’t move though.  Dean
The man looked at him.  “What?”  He grinned suddenly, eyes crinkling and lips quirking.  A very good look for him.  “Oh, shit; you don’t have a clue what I am, do you?”
He chewed his lip and nodded slowly.  “I can . . . I can do that,” he admitted.  And besides, it
Honestly, he had an inkling but it couldn’t be true.  Dean couldn’t be a hunter, could he?
And he knew, if anyone heard him say that, they’d think the wrong thing — which might actually be the
He hadn’t expected the laughter.  He lifted his flimsy shield’s edge, peeking at the man.  Though he was soaked through and clearly in some pain given his not-quite-straightened up stance, the man hadn’t stopped grinning at Castiel.  His green eyes danced in clear amusement.
"  He pauses until the shiver from the chill air settles.  "But maybe I don't
to be doing that.”  He chewed his lip.  “Just … Alastair won’t let me.”
Head thrown back, Castiel gasped in delight.  He had no words left.  Dean’s mouth tormented him, all hot sweetness while fingers jabbed at him insistently, making him quiver and shake.  He pressed his heels into the bed, trying to thrust into Dean’s mouth and whined when the man only pinned him harder to the bed.  He needed more, though.  Needed it all.  His fingers tore at the quilt and begged and pleaded for Dean’s terrible touch.
He shut the door behind him quietly.  “Good morning, Dean,” he murmured.
Once again, the drive to get to where he needed to be was over far too quickly.  Castiel was still nearly vibrating over what he’d done.  What on
“Oh, I promise.  Besides, we have
He frowned.
to … introduce myself but … not like this.”  He moaned again.  ”I’ll pay the dry cleaning; I promise.”
you were happy but . . . I never liked him.  He was . . . I don’t know; skeevy?”  He grabbed one of Dean’s fries and shoved it into his mouth.  “Toward the end of that relationship, Dean, you were a mess.”
”  Gabriel went silent for a second.  “
He sighed and flipped through his cookbook, deciding on a lasagna for dinner.  He hadn’t made it in a while and it always made plenty for leftovers.  Content, he left the house, locking the door and heading out for the short walk to the market.  The air was still wet with threatening rain and the sky gray and overcast; though he loved these days.  Loved the freshness that waited just out of reach.  The renewal that fell from the sky in loving drops of liquid.
Castiel took a step back, stunned by Dean’s callousness.  This . . . this wasn’t the man he’d fallen for.  This was someone else.  Someone cruel.  The ease with which he tossed it off proved that cruelty was something Dean was familiar with.  And now he would turn it on Castiel.
Hoo boy.  Totally didn't mean to go two months without an update.  Things are still somewhat tumultuous for me in my personal life but I'm trying to get back into the swing of things.  I do hope this was worth the wait.
“Why?”
“You didn’t –“ Dean began to protest but halted when Castiel’s fingers dug in with warning.
?  His eyes widened.
Castiel paused by his front door, heart pounding.  Could he do this?  Could he
Castiel licked his lips, tasting salt.  He scrubbed at his eyes and sighed.  Lies didn’t matter any longer.  So why not just let it all out?  “I didn’t tell you who I was because . . . I didn’t . . . I didn’t think I’d live up to your expectations.  You were so . . . enthusiastic.”  Standing in his hallway in socked feet, he felt like a teenager about to be scolded.  “I
Face flush with embarrassment, reluctantly taking his eyes from marked skin, Castiel couldn’t find the words to respond to Dean's compliment.  Never in his life had he been described in such a way.  A partner before had called him
Sam dropped a large canvas bag on Dean’s desk and pulled out a salad for himself and a steaming-hot burger with fries for Dean.  He took the seat opposite Dean’s, all smarmy grin and floppy hair.
Still, it didn’t stop him from making it to the bar in less than twenty minutes.
to be.  Right now was the perfect time to call Castiel.  The perfect time to check in with his new Dom.  Hell, he probably already had a massive black check mark next to his name given it was nearly noon and he hadn’t called the man.  He swallowed rapidly, wondering how Castiel sounded when angry.  Did he shout or did his voice lower and turn to ice?
Dean winced.  Oh, man; he read this
Commuter Angel drew up his legs, sitting cross-legged on the platform.  He held out a hand.  “After all these years, I doubt I’ve properly introduced myself.  I’m Castiel Novak.”
to have Michael touch him like this.  To have
“So . . . you still plan on Bal being there?” Dean asked.
“Piss off, Sam,” Dean snapped.  He pushed up from the couch, heavy footsteps making the framed pictures rattle on the wall.  He collected his coat from the hallway closet, just as Jess poked a curious head out of the kitchen.
He twisted in his seat, wide-eyed.  A man sat in the back of his car.  A man wearing jeans and a leather jacket.  A
Castiel lost all sense then.  He lunged across the room, grappling with Alastair.  His hands grew slick with blood as he reached for the man’s throat.  Something sharp drove into his side and he roared at the spike of agony.  Grunting in pain and anger, he shoved at Alastair’s chin with one hand, grabbing the top of his head with the other.  With a painful wrench, he pulled, the snap of bone unbearably loud in his ears.
Castiel stared at the wall.  “Cast you aside, you mean?”  He faced Dean, skin pale and drawn.  “I can’t be sure,” he admitted, the words drawn out slow and quiet.  “I want to claim that I never would.  But when I am around that man, something in me breaks.”  Castiel began to pace again, slower this time.  “That I would do this to you, after all you’ve suffered,” he mumbled, more to himself than to Dean.  He ceased moving, fingers to his lips.  “You’re right,” he whispered.  “I am quite a bit worse than Michael.”
“Dean, if I wanted, I could fuck you.  Right now.  In this car.”  Castiel was canted a bit, his back wedged against the door and the car seat.  “I would make you sob and scream.”  He waved a hand.  “In public.  Fully nude.  Anyone would see you.”
Back at the hotel, Dean was noticeably quiet, his gaze flickering to Castiel and then away.  For his part, Castiel completely ignored the man, shoveling in ice cold Pad Thai and then taking a quick, too-hot shower.  By the time he was done, Dean was on the floor, having stolen some blankets and a pillow from Castiel’s bed.  He considered yelling at him for it but the man looked …
It worked for a good long while.  But every now and then, he’d catch Castiel watching him, blue eyes dark but unreadable.  Something of a frown on the man’s lips.  He didn’t try to read into it – because it didn’t take long for him to think Castiel had clued in and was trying to find a way to let him down and
Torn between following the command and demanding an answer, he swallowed and turned, facing the screen as Castiel massaged and caressed his skin.  He held himself stiffly, waiting for his cock to wake up and destroy everything.  Touch.  He was finally receiving touch from his Dom which would be the perfect time for his body to betray him.  Other than a stir or two, however, his dick remained blissfully quiet.
– behavior at dinner, he didn’t find that hard to believe.  A faint smile tugged at his lips as his irritation began to wane.  “That bad, huh?”  He could almost see it in his head.  Blue eyes wide with fear, twitching and nervous.  Plush lips bitten and pale . . .
“Allow me to introduce Dean Winchester.”
And apparently, Cas is
Castiel chittered in annoyance but busied himself with his whiskey thimble, wanting a better way to communicate with the man.  Hard to be jealous of one’s self.  His lips rested against the whiskey and he paused.  Oh, this was such a bad idea.  If Dean spoke to him about
company
“Up the ladder.”
Dean flinched and turned to glare at Sam.  ”What?”
Castiel whined under his breath, tempted to refuse.  He couldn’t face Dean again.  Could he?  He’d been so foolish.  But . . . Dean
"You think that will get him to let his guard down?" Dean sneered.  He fidgeted, bracelets jangling.  "You keep me like this for too long, Alastair might do something."
Not moving from the doorway, Castiel leaned against the jamb, arms folded.  “You were in an awful hurry to get away in England,” he pointed out, not hiding the hurt this time.
When silence met the comment, he focused on Castiel, startled.  The blue eyes were a shade darker now, unreadable and deep.  No, not unreadable.  But what Dean found there frightened him even as he couldn’t look away.
?  Castiel took a few steps, crossing into Dean’s personal space again.  He shuddered when the man stiffened, eyes wide.  Not willing to meet those familiar green eyes, he leaned in, kissing Dean once; the man’s lips trembling against his.  “I still love you,” he husked.  “And my door is always open, Dean,” he added softly, his heart breaking.  “You need only walk through.”
That caught his attention.  Castiel paused in his work, looking up.  Even in the shadows, Dean could see Castiel’s eyes darken in sympathy.  “Because I want you happy, Dean.  If you’re happy, then I’m happy.”  He closed up the box and set it aside, grabbing the spare one and Dean’s plate, repeating the actions.  “I swear,” he muttered, “if I ever meet either of these men, I’ll remind them what a Dom is.”  He glanced up at Dean, smiling faintly.  “I don’t know how else to make you understand, Dean, then to simply
Dean gave him a quick glance as he picked up his shirt, slipping it on.  “Uh, well.  I was gone those two days, remember?  Some things I need to get to.”  He finally looked at Castiel then but it didn’t last, his eyes darting away quickly.  “I’ll, uh, call you later, all right?”
,” Gabriel chimed.  “
Why did he just want Castiel to use him?  To be honest, he hadn’t liked it when Azazel and Michael just
“No!”  He winced again.  “No, I’m fine.  I swear.  I’m just . . . it’s odd,” he admitted.  He sat back, the seat creaking under him.
Dean blinked and then snickered.  “You sound like you’re ninety, Cas.”  He sighed before kissing Castiel a second time, stepping with obvious reluctance.  “Since you’re so damn willing, can we do this again on Tuesday?”
“I hope that’s all right,” he murmured, poking at his salad.  “It’s just . . . you’re more than welcome to handle the town’s setup but . . . I need to let the, er, powers that be handle the rest.”  He shoved a forkful of lettuce into his mouth and chewed, pointedly looking away from Dean in the process.
He looked over to find Dean still smirking and Balthazar leaning in to whisper something that just made the man wink in his direction.
Castiel paid him no mind, burrowing into Dean’s soft, brown hair.  Some of the spikes were still rough from hair product but the rest of the man’s hair was cozy.  He lay flat, arms out and wings draping.  He could feel Dean’s heat against his naked chest and sighed, purring.
He was there for a Dom’s pleasure.  But his head kept returning to Castiel’s insistence of the opposite.  Of how much he pushed Dean to
Dean spoke of the new repair shop and the few customers he’d seen so far.  Some people had been a bit nervous of him but it seemed that most of the residents were warming up to him.  A few, like Howard, had even expressed interest in a classic restoration like the Impala.
ridiculed
Dean swallowed.  He tried not to meet the man’s eyes but it was difficult.  They were bright and narrow and entirely too focused on him.  ”A-actually,” he husked, “it … they’re supposed to be a … gag gift.  For my brother.  Bachelor party tonight,” he added, finally breaking the spell this man, Castiel, seemed to have on him.
“Awesome!” he stated, holding out a hand.  “Gabe, this is fantastic.  Do you mind if I call you later about details?”  Dean pointed at the small computer near his cash register.  “Just call your office, right?”
Dean shifted in his seat, wincing.  Much as he loved his baby, his ass was starting to think differently.  They’d been on the road for the better part of the day and Dean
“Cas, you don’t have to be all careful with me,” he said finally, rolling his eyes.  “I’m not a goddamn china doll.”
”  She sniffed and turned on her heel.  “Besides, I wouldn’t be surprised to find out he was gay.  Man that neat and tidy?”
”  Another sigh.  “
He turned back, finding Castiel coming out from the back room, a box in his hands.  He looked from Dean to the clerk and back.  He set the box down and wiped his hands.  “Anna.  I’ll be busy for the next hour or so.  Please, only interrupt if it’s an emergency.”
He wrote briefly of John’s death.  If his time as a specter.  How he blamed himself in such short words.  Castiel’s heart clenched.  The desperation bled through even with Dean’s succinct writing.  How he wanted to kill this
Chuckling, Dean answered.  “
“Because I was hoping you’d get his dumb ass to stop pulling this garbage.  Figured you’d be damn near as stubborn as he is.”  He snorted.  “No surprise the idjit gets himself tangled in this shit.”
Dean whistled.  “
“Honesty’s a good look on you, Cas.”  He leaned in, sucking long and slow on the side of Castiel’s neck.  His voice thrummed against wet, hot skin.  “You don’t need to prove a fucking
Benny poked his head in for a few minutes following Bobby’s departure, letting him know he was back on Interpol’s payroll as an actual agent instead of a spy.  He’d reported much the same as Bobby; Dean had stuck around just long enough to make sure Castiel would be in the clear and then vanished.  Heading back to France, Benny waved goodbye and for a moment, Castiel though he’d be alone only to have Balthazar show up, all grins and cheeky attitude.
Balthazar sighed and leaned back, head resting on the back of his chair.  “And to think, we Brits consider ourselves dramatic.”  He sat up again, waving a hand.  “Sit your arse down, you fool.  Tell me what you know.”
“Dark as sin, boys; we go this way.”  His light clicked on and Benny trudged off, his footsteps echoing in the dusty garage.  He crossed to a far wall, pushing hard against it.  It creaked and groaned, eventually falling back, exposing another walkway.  His light wavered, “Keep movin’; guards won’t be coming by tonight since they were part of that crew we left behind.”
Rather than be startled by anything else Dean had said, Castiel groaned.  “It’s a fake?”
Frozen, Dean stared.  Pinstriped pants.  Very nice.  Soft fabric.  He’d have to ask where Commuter Angel bought his slacks when he managed to dig his face out of the man’s dick.  And no mistaking where his chin sat.  He could
trying to deceive Balthazar as well.”  He held up his gun, waving it slightly, muzzle pointed skyward.  “I, however, don’t trust you.”
Castiel chuckled over the line, though the sound came across sad rather than amused.  “
with his flirtations.  He almost rolled his eyes.  Hell, a blind man would have clued in.
Castiel picked up his fork, eyebrows lifted.  “Then why would I punish you?”
“Because you seem to think –
day, Agent, but it can’t have been all that bad?”
this was just a false alarm, he meandered his way over.
Sam looked at him and then frowned as he set their meals on the seat.  “You okay?”
Like the other dudes he's banged recently.  If Dean's going to be nice enough to offer, Pretty Voice should be more impressed.  But now he's being a jerk and Dean's not feeling so charitable.  Even though the guy smells like tasty things and has those gorgeous eyes.
He couldn’t let Dean fall victim to these two men.  If it meant his job, so be it.
“Why’d you do that?  I’m not even
As though sensing him, Commuter Angel’s head came up and swiveled toward Dean.  He blinked, staring at Dean.  In shock?  In delight?  Dean couldn’t really say; honestly, it looked like Commuter Angel’s brain had switched to offline mode given how still he’d gone.
clothes.  He groaned and leaned into the back of his couch.  Or, maybe he was so blocked up he was seeing innuendo where none existed.  Might be time for a marathon solo session later.
manage the unmanageable and brought someone home to his bedroom, the basics of sex would suddenly slip out of his mind and he was nothing but fumbling fingers and stupid comments.  Carrying on conversations with total strangers was the last thing he wanted.
“Um, five years.”  Dean glanced up, shaken to find himself the center of Castiel’s attention again.  He swallowed.  “I, uh, was given to him by my previous Dom, Azazel.”
Foolish Castiel.
“What can you do against fire, hunter?  Huh?!”  He grinned.  “I hear you’re the devil himself.  Would it leave you right at home to lock you in and torch the place?”
As soon as he set outside, he yelped at the intense cold.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was saved from answering by the arrival of their waiter.  Dean ordered a steak, James some pasta concoction and Gabriel quietly ordered salad and water.  It was becoming clearer to Dean by the second that Gabriel was regretting this meeting.  Not that he could blame the poor guy.  James was clearly a horny twit.  Dean for one would still read his books but he’d be thankful those readings were only about an hour long; any more than that he might take his own head off.
Muttering, he shook the umbrella hard, catching the tell-tale click as the shell of it
Castiel rested a hand on Dean’s cheek and nodded.  “I would very much enjoy that, Dean.  Thank you.”  He closed his eyes and kissed Dean again, soft and long, murmuring, “Thank you,” as he did.
was the guy claiming to be Gabriel?  Why the hell would he have lied to Dean?  Frustration surged and he clenched his fist.  That was it, he was going to cancel this damn thing and rip this
"What makes you think he’ll stay?" Castiel asked, brow furrowed.  He glared at the candy bar wrapper on the floor, wanting to smack Dean.
skeevy, which is really unfair.  He’s . . . oh, God; he’s gorgeous.  Tattoos.  Glasses.”  He waved trembling fingers in front of Balthazar.  “Tattoos!  I mean, who does that?”  Swallowing, he hurried on.  “I
“The hunter.  He’s there.  Why are you being nice to him, Castiel?”
”  He glared at Dean, thankful the man listened for once.  “You don’t need to protect me, Dean.  If anything, I can protect
“I am taking care of this.”  He quirked an eyebrow.  “I’ll be back in a few.”  He slipped out of the car, the Impala rocking when he slammed it shut.
Castiel snorted half in amusement and half in irritation.  “Believe me, I’d not be interested if you were.”  He tapped Dean on the nose, nearly making him go cross-eyed.  “But you know about sub-drop and you know that being a submissive can be nerve-wracking.  I don’t wish to cause you any more grief than you’ve already suffered at the hands of those . . .
Scrambling from the bed, Dean ran both hands through his hair.  “Stop joking around!  Dammit, Cas.  I don’t want you getting hurt!” he barked.  “You stay with me?  That’s exactly what’ll happen.  Or you’ll die.”  He dropped his hands, looking away.  “Everyone around me dies.”
Taking a deep breath and realizing his excuses were as weak as a wet paper bag, he started the car and headed off, hoping to
Castiel only frowned and folded his arms.  “Explain why.”
At the mention of underwear, Castiel’s eyes dropped down to the man’s groin and he blushed anew.  “O-oh,” he stammered.  A very lurid and cruel image flashed through his head of this stranger nude but for a pair of
Castiel gulped his wine, coughing when it struck his throat.  He waved away Dean’s worried expression, swallowing rapidly.  “Wh-why?”
Eyes narrowing, Dean felt his temper rising.  So he was being played?  What the fuck for?  Grinding his teeth, he managed to ask, “Is this Gabriel Milton?” without snarling.  His hand curled around the pencil on his counter and he wouldn’t have been remotely surprised to have it snap off and fly across the store.
He banged his elbow when someone knocked on the hood of the car.  Crawling out from under, he peered up at his brother.  After blinking a few more times, he remembered he’d made plans to get lunch with Sam and on cue, his stomach grumbled violently.
he kicked his ass.
, happened to be the brown-haired, green-eyed dream who worked at the small appraiser’s office down the street.  He’d learned the man’s name quickly – Dean – and memorized his order almost as fast.  Straight black coffee and a cinnamon donut every morning.  Every lunch, a turkey club with a pickle and tomato soup.  Which happened to be Castiel’s favorite, too.
“Cas?” he croaked.
If Dean thought he’d been on edge for their first date together, it was nothing compared to the two weeks that followed.  Two weeks of steady dates.  Quiet nights.  Of
Castiel’s touch gentled, becoming feather-soft.  “We will go no further than this tonight, that’s true.  I merely want you familiar with my hands, my pet.  After all, I had never intended to deny you what you most need all this time.  And for that, I am truly sorry.”
“I regret running last night.  It was impulse, honestly; not that it excuses it.”  He tilted his head.  “I told you before that I don’t care that you were a hunter.  It still holds true.  I love you as Dean
These were not things Dean excelled at.  Well, maybe the hot thing.  Dean didn’t think it egotistical to believe himself attractive.  He took care of himself, kept himself clean.  Hell, he’d admit he had a smokin’ hot ass, on top of it.  But beyond that, Dean had nothing more than the auto shops to his name.  No college degree.  No fancy trail of employment.  Nowhere to go, really, but retirement.  So, Dean had hit his “no exit” sign already while Castiel had first-class seats on a bullet train.
Dean reared back in his chair, hands clenched.  “Uh.  No.  It … I … I got it under control.  He’s just …” he looked at Castiel.  “He’s just … got the wrong idea.”
and you will live a lonely, lonely life.”
In a way, he understood why Sam was so preoccupied with it.  He’d found someone so like most goofy-eyed lovebirds, he wanted others to have the same.  It just wouldn’t be in the cards for Dean.  He could find pleasure if he was lucky but love?  The kind that Sam and Jess had?  Yeah, not likely.
With the food gone, they sat for a bit longer under the stars before Dean’s ass began to complain and he shifted, bumping Castiel in the process.  The other man chuckled, smiling at him.  “Uncomfortable?” he mused.
He sighed, taking Castiel’s hand again, fingers gentle and warm.  “Yes.  No.  I don’t know.”  He kissed the palm of Castiel’s hand, covering it with his other hand.  “I don’t like the idea of you hurt.”
Heart flipping with equal parts joy and fear, Castiel nodded frantically.  “I am.  I’m here.  With you.  As long as you’ll have me.”  He whimpered when Dean latched onto his mouth again, the man’s strong hands reclaiming his ass in the process.  Oh,
His grace belled and swarmed, driving back the shadows around the Righteous Man.  Clearing a path for their joined escape.  He encircled the Righteous Man, rousing him from his stupor.  He was not prepared, however.  Didn’t expect the Righteous Man to latch on, desperation in his silent cries.  The misshapen form, bent and broken, leashed with chains that bit into gangrenous flesh.  Blackened eyes, hollow and screaming.
Dean swallowed.  “Um.  Nothing?”
He went on, his hands still holding Dean’s.  “I suggest, if you’re willing, that we start slow.  A date once a week, just to get used to each other.”  He grinned.  “You may come to find I’m far too annoying for you.”
He opened his eyes slowly, staring at nothing.  He wondered how the hell anyone could want something so completely, that they couldn’t move on.  Couldn’t let go.  Would instead turn into something so horrendously violent, whatever life they’d lost would be forever tarnished.  Broken and forgotten.  By turning into a dybbuk, whatever they had craved was now truly out of reach.  A soul damned and fit for little more than a flash of salt and a match.
Dean’s hands were warm under the t-shirt as he pushed it off, stripping Castiel completely.  Naked now, Dean lowered his head, sucking gently at Castiel’s neck.  His words rumbled into Castiel’s skin, making him shiver.  “What if . . . the town learns I’m a Winchester?”
Stunned, Dean stared at Castiel.  The other man met his gaze unwavering.  Swallowing his mouthful of food, Dean breathed out.  “Damn, you’re wordy,” he blurted.  He scrunched his eyes shut as Castiel chuckled.  “Sorry.  I just . . . I’m still trying to figure it all out, to be honest.”  He poked at his food.  “But, I, uh, missed you.  A lot.”
Castiel’s lips were soft and sweet.
The man’s blue eyes shifted from Dean to his mug.  “Um, chamomile?”
expected.”  He smiled.  “You don’t need all the answers now.  But perhaps, you understand why I said
Acting hurt, Sam pouted and muttered, “You know, you keep encouraging her like that I’ll call off the wedding.”
The man stopped for a second but moved again quickly.  “Go home, Cas,” he barked.  He yanked open the Impala’s door, wobbling a bit as he did.  He tossed the bag inside and slammed it shut.  “You made your point.”  He peered through the rain, hair plastered to his head.  “Your car’s in the way.”
His brother Gabriel liked to tease it was a heavenly sign to become self-employed.  Sign or not, he’d entertained the idea off and on for
Oh.  So the
"I don’t want you fixing this for me," Dean protested.  He glared at Castiel but didn’t move away from him.  "This is my deal.  I’ll fix it.  I’ll fix
The pair were silent as they ate, Dean almost bouncing in his seat in amused joy and Castiel willing with every atom of his body to bring his erection to a more manageable level.  As their forks slid across the plates, Dean rose suddenly, still licking pie from his lips.  “My turn,” he chimed, grabbing Castiel’s empty plate before he could protest.  “Least I can do, Cas.”
Pam did her fake pout she liked and nudged him not-too-playfully.  “Oh, c’mon, Dean.  Fess up.  We’re all friends here.”  Her light eyes sharpened.  “Don’t you want your loyal friends to wish you well?”
“I think you’re overthinking things,” Balthazar chided.  “You’re awkward, yes, but it’s rather adorable at times.”  He grinned at Castiel’s irritated scowl.  “Castiel, you should want to meet your fans.  It’s the decent thing to do.”
“Well, then.  No reason to freak out, right?”  The man coughed and shook out his left leg, twitching his shoulders as he did.  “Gotta admit, you got me pretty good.”
“Ropes, hm?”  Castiel’s hand was still sure and slow on his neck, massaging gently.  “I think, I’d be delighted to grant you that.”  He dropped a warm, sweet kiss to Dean’s temple.  “When you are ready, we’ll test ropes.  I know how cuffs trigger you.”
Well, at least he knew that Dean wouldn’t be a James Bartlett fan any longer.  Hard to remain so supportive when your idol is a horny asshole.
Castiel was going to murder his cousin.  Or hit him with his car.  Or murder him and
The second Thursday after he’d landed in Kansas the first time, Balthazar forced him to take a break at a local sandwich shop, smirking when Castiel bolted his food.
do this?  Could he stand in front of veritable strangers and admit that
The handwriting was different.  Neat and tidy.  Sam.
Dean yelped and side-stepped, eyes wide.  “Jesus.  You need a bell, C-Gabe.”  He cleared his throat, looking away.  “Anyway.  Uh, that’s . . . that’s a good idea.  I can, uh, set up a full display by the register but leave a few of each by James.”  His dark eyes flicked to Castiel.  “You . . . okay with that?”
"Oh, for fuck’s sake," he muttered.  It wasn’t
Smiling, Castiel directed Dean to the requisite cabinets and the other man helped him scoop out two messy, but heaping, plates of steaming lasagna.  They sat at Castiel’s tiny table, sipping wine and chatting about inconsequential things.
Castiel mulled it over.  He never did like the idea of abandoning someone in need.  Even if said someone was truly a demon.  He held out his hand toward Dean.  “Dean.  I am Castiel Novak, archeologist.  It appears that I have immediate need for an … assistant.  If you’d care to oblige?”
*mad cackling*
He glared at Gabriel, his face hot.  Gabriel just lifted his brows in mock innocence and chirped, “What?”
Dean’s face, flush with lust and embarrassment peeked over his shoulder.  “Knock it off, Cas,” he whined.  “You gonna fuck me or what?”
“What is?” Castiel asked, cradling their dinners in his lap.
Dean.  As a mortal
Dean held up a hand.  ”I also love how you can
“I like France,” Castiel muttered, rubbing his eyes.  His head hurt.  And the more awake he became, the more pissed off he ended up.
Sam snickered.  “You asleep already?”
He stared at the ceiling for a bit longer before he heard someone clear their throat.  He looked over, finding a man not much older than him in a suit, holding a manila folder.
He didn’t know what compelled him but he kept talking, feeling truth spill like water.  If he didn’t, he might never let this out.  ”You’re kind of fantastic, Cas.  Next to you, I’m not much to write home about.”  He chewed his bottom lip.  ”I know what you gave up; I wish you hadn’t but I know what you did.”
Dean stood back further, trying to make himself appear invisible.  Maybe Castiel hadn’t mentioned a new partner yet.  That uneasiness could be understandable then.  Or, like a lot of men, he hid his sexuality.  Best that Dean stayed quiet and hope the visit would be a short one.
made Castiel hard just by having a damn orgasm!  More addictive than any drug or alcohol and he couldn’t be sure he’d be able to give it up at this point.
I neglected you in a way I had not foreseen.  But, in doing so, you have also reminded me of
Dean felt his stomach drop.  He and Castiel had eaten at such a place last night.  But it wasn’t likely that any of Charlie’s friends knew who Dean was.  Right?  He played stupid, though, shrugging.  “And?  Why do I care?”
"Riiiiiiight," Sam drawled.  "You keep tellin’ yourself that.  I’ll leave you to your patient,
“Don’t call him then,” Dean remarked.  He stood straighter.  “What about his cousin?”
“Not that I’m complaining, Dean,” Castiel pointed out.  He shut the door and faced Dean completely.  Dark eyes tracking over him, he leaned in, kissing Dean again, this time long and drawn out.  A careful press of lips and soft breath.  So slow and sure, as though time had ceased completely in that well-lit entryway.
He made the slightest gestured toward the guards when Benny moved, sprinting down the hall.  Castiel was surprised; the man moved like the damn fog given his speed.  He slit the throat of the armed man, throwing his elbow out and catching the other in the throat before he could shout in alarm.  He gurgled, clawing at his crushed trachea.  Impassive, Benny slit his throat as well, swiping his knife against the man’s coat as he stood.
The other man let the spoon fall into the bowl and looked at his right hand.  ”I am not what I was.  I don’t have the abilities I did.  I cannot heal.  I cannot fly.  I can fight.  I can research.  But I am … not much more than that.”
Dean swallowed.  “So . . . if I say no, this is over?”
?  Dean swallowed the revulsion he felt well up in his chest.  He couldn’t even imagine how it felt, at eighteen, to get cut down like that.  So brutal.  He drew up his legs, sitting cross-legged.  Elbows on his knees, he held his chin in his hands and mumbled, “What happened?”
mattered most.  And Castiel would defend that with his life, if he had to.  The town would grow to understand Dean; it had to.  The man wasn’t a threat.  He was . . . just a man.
was that possible?
“I like how you think, Cas,” Dean purred.
Dean didn’t regret it for a
nerve.  He plucked his jacket from his chair and started humming, amused at how easily Gabriel had come undone.
Warning, I'm not nice to John in this.
I might not update next Sunday but we'll see.  If I'm lucky, one of these days I'll end up with a cushion of additions.  :D
Naked and inside him.  That’s all he wanted in that moment.  He kicked out of his shoes and slacks, still working at Dean’s pants as he did.  He didn’t even react to Dean’s amused snort, shoving the tight denim of Dean’s hips as soon as he remember how a damn zipper worked.
"Dean?!"
Wait, this wasn’t what he’d expected.  He waited with coiled tension, for Castiel to rescind the words but when the man remained silent, expectant for Dean’s response, a giddy laugh burst out.  Blushing at Castiel’s wide-eyed look, rubbed the back of his neck.  The sudden welling of relief left him trembling anew.  “Hey, you know.  You
Curious, Castiel zipped to the end table near Dean’s chair and chittered in delight.  A thimble, filled with brown liquid that
“What, I can’t be in a good mood?”  Dean smacked the back of his hand against his brother’s chest.  He knew
when a familiar head of tousled black hair peeks in.
Difficult to keep up a ruse when one consistently forgot what said ruse was.
he thought, his mind breaking apart as pleasure surged through his blood and bones.  His body throbbed at the invasion, Dean’s cock a searing spike of torment.
So he did.  He wailed, Dean’s cock hitting every sparking nerve inside him, sending any concept of thought or worry or dread straight out and replacing it with only deep, primal urges and the demand of
her!”
“Hello, Dean,” he murmured.  Merely seeing the man left anger and relief swirling in his gut.
Well, seemed Dean had won the shitfaced contest given how Castiel had ended up on his ass on the floor, snoring loud enough to wake the dead.  Thankfully, if one could say that, Castiel had showed no signs of remembering
at me is a marvel.”
Scrambling, Castiel managed to fall out of the car, bruising his ass in the process.  “It’s … no!  I … I wasn’t …
He trudged up the steps and knocked lightly, the door swinging open.  Castiel’s warm smile barely made a dent in his depression, though he forced an answering grin all the same.  “Good evening, Dean,” he murmured.  He stepped back, gesturing for Dean to walk inside.  “I don’t believe you’ve been in my house yet, have you?” he asked, eyebrow quirked.
Dean rubbed his forehead.  “Okay, that’s confusing.  The Gabriel I met was like . . . six foot.  Exactly how tall are you that that’s short?”
thing.”  Dean could almost see the blue eyes now.  “
Castiel whined and stuffed the note in his back pocket.  Great.
Unmindful of his turmoil, Dean sighed and clicked through more channels, landing on a true-crime show.  “The guy’s . . . pretty awesome,” he began.  He glanced once at Castiel before continuing on.  “Lives in town; runs that hardware store.  I have no idea what he sees in me, though.  Guy like him should have people lining up at the door.”  He pointed at Castiel, peering at him.  “But then he goes and . . . fuck.  He’s . . . shit.  I don’t deserve what he has.”
whimper.
how ridiculous you are immediately.  Fantastic.  He tried to smile but given the weird look the clerk gave him, it probably came off as more of a nervous tic.
his own.  Not thinking, he reached between them both, and tugged on Dean’s jeans, fingers fumbling for the fasteners.
They’d kissed.  Rather desperately, from his memory, and the stupid shit couldn’t stick around?  So much for an actual emotion behind the gesture.  He figured it was as he’d originally feared; Dean just getting his jollies any way he could.  Castiel just happened to be close by.
He peeked through his fingers at the chuckle.  Okay, humor was good.  Meant Commuter Angel didn’t hate him?  Or, maybe the guy laughed before he disemboweled people.
“Cas?”
Content that the kitchen was usable again, Castiel found Dean’s coffee machine and filled the pot with water, letting it bubble up as he returned to the living room.  Dean had something in his hands, his head bowed over it.  A small leather book, from what he could see.
He mewled into Dean’s kiss and tugged on him, leading him to the back of the house.  They shed clothes as they moved, stumbling into each other and against the walls of the hallway.  Castiel giggled drunkenly though he hadn’t had a drop of liquor, but Dean remained so strangely silent.  Castiel admittedly gave it little thought since Dean’s wonderfully warm lips were never far from his.  Eventually, they reached his bedroom and Castiel bounced with a yip as Dean shoved him onto the wide bed.
he wallowed in.  And through it all, a bright shining coin of hope and desperate love.  Courage worn away to a breath.  Edges eroded to threadbare lines.  A speck of light lost in a darkness so absolute.
Happy Holidays!!
He grunted when Dean pulled him into a hug, arms warm and tight around his back.  He wanted to squirm away but he sank into it, eyes shut tight.  Oh, God; he
Castiel’s face must have burst into flame given how hot his skin felt.  It only burned hotter when Dean turned seemingly innocent eyes on his.
to harm you, Dean.
Frowning, Dean fidgeted.  He’d been nice, if stuttery, all the times they’d met.  He certainly hadn’t come off as rude or arrogant.  Reserved for certain.  Wary, even.  Still, this was all a bit troubling.  “He must not like me much if he lied.”
”  Had there been a true barrier, Castiel had no doubt the man’s hands would be bleeding given his ferocious actions.  He bit his wrist, muffling the whimpers and chirps that threatened to spill.
Dean’s eyebrows shot up and he snorted.  “Well, that
here.”
Those eyes should have been classified as dangerous weapons.  “Castiel Novak,” he rasped, entranced by their brightness.  So warm and kind.  Even though Castiel had injured him, the man
“You gonna join me or what, Cas?”  He grinned and pointed to the lunch.   “I only get this because it’s your favorite.  Gotta admit; it’s grown on me.”
Dean shivered at the violence in Castiel’s voice, directed as it was to Azazel and Michael.  It hadn’t done anything to wilt his erection, either.  In fact, it seemed to have increased the punishing ache in his jeans.  He shook his head.  “Cas . . . you’re not . . .” he coughed, dropping his gaze.  “I doubt you could ever hurt me.”
He just wanted more of Castiel.  Wanted him
He considered balling up the card and tossing it out the car window as he drove away.  It burned behind his pocket.  Such a tiny thing.  Probably better to be rid of it.  He’d forget anyway.  Dumb idea.  Like the guy meant it.
"Yes.  You know this disease?"
He caught the brief clench of Castiel’s jaw but didn’t wait long enough for the taunt to register further before wrenching the door open.  Scraping his way through, he slammed it shut behind him, taking a bit of perverse pleasure in how the window inset rattled in protest.  Humiliated and disgusted, he tromped to his car, ignoring the rain that had begun to fall.  Even so, he strained his ears to listen for a response.  Some kind of excuse or explanation.
Given that no meteors plummeted out of the sky to wipe him from the earth, Castiel managed to stand and shuffle out of the van.  He looked up the road and could just make out two cars hurtling their way.
Dean bit back on the genuine laugh.  Good Lord.  How the hell had he missed out on meeting Castiel all this time?  He’d sent a few innocuous questions to Gabriel earlier and learned that Castiel had moved to their tiny town just shortly after becoming a household name in the erotica field.  Yet, this was the first time Dean could recall
Castiel drew away, that concern still crystal clear.  “I want
“Why didn’t you tell me?”  He and Bobby weren’t close like family but still, Castiel figured he’d earned the gruff man’s trust at some point.
How's that for a holiday surprise?  :D  The chapter after this will probably have my normal waiting period but I didn't want y'all to explode given the cliffhanger from before.
Dean was clad only in a towel, skin still damp and hair flat.  His green eyes shone bright in the low light of the room.  “I want you to go,” he rasped.
he was an amazing kisser.
”  Castiel dropped his hands, furrowing his brow.  “I did terrible things as a fairy.  But I am not he any longer.  I am merely
"Uh…"
All this flashed through his head as he sat across from Castiel, toying with his wine glass.  He still had Michael’s number; hadn’t the courage to delete it from his phone, apparently.  And maybe all this was just a delay of the inevitable.  Maybe he just needed to head back to Michael.  Grovel and beg for forgiveness, even as the idea made him want to vomit.
“I . . . I mean . . . oven.  I . . . was baking.  Forgot?”  He winced, clearly hoping Dean believed him.
“Dude, it’s okay.  Not like you did it on purpose.”  He eyed Castiel with a smirk.  “Or is this a habit of yours, accosting people on the sidewalk with an umbrella?”
He turned away, only to stop when a hand dropped on his shoulder.  He swallowed and shut his eyes.
He took Castiel’s hand and rose, clearing his throat.  “Is . . . is it that simple?”
He played with the end of his tie.  “Um, what to wear.  I should have asked.”
of the fantasies he created in his books.
He licked his lips.  “I couldn’t live with my family any longer.  They didn’t . . . approve of me.  Grovelock, it . . . it feels like home to me.”  Which was true.  He couldn’t go back.  Would never go back.  Howard’s wife, the hedge witch, had crafted him the mortal charm he was now toying with in his nervousness.  If he had been tainted before, surely they’d rip him apart if he dared cross the border of the forest.  In reality, the closest he’d be able to go would be the boundary of Dean’s cabin.  Any further and he risked death at his own clan’s hands.
It almost sounded as though Castiel spoke to a child but for the first time, Dean took some comfort from it.  He smiled weakly and shook his head.  “Naw.  I’m . . . I’m good.  I swear.”  He reached for his billfold but halted when Castiel clucked his tongue.
Dropping his gaze, Castiel snorted.  “Ironic then, hm?”
shy, quiet man was the real thing.  Dean had fallen for him so completely.  He didn’t care what name he had.  He just wanted
He pulled into his driveway and shut his eyes, swallowing hard.  Just nerves.  Or adrenaline from their argument.  Maybe.  Steeling himself, he shoved open the Impala’s door, just as Castiel pulled in behind him.
taste in guys.”
Castiel turned a deaf ear on Dean’s threats, calmly calling a car to collect them and take them to Balthazar.  He had to admit, though, that Dean was getting very inventive with his promised vengeance.  Most involved utensils and setting him on fire.  A-plus for effort, for certain.
Much as he hated to admit it, Balthazar was right.  If he failed in this or if it got back to Assistant Director Singer, Castiel was finished as an agent.  And if Balthazar decided the threat wasn’t worth it, he was finished now.  But, this was Dean.  Thief or not, Dean was … well, weirdly, Castiel considered him a friend.  Even if he was on the other side of the law.  And the threats against him weren’t something a thief of his caliber should ever have run across.
“Beautiful,” he breathed.  After a slight hesitation, Castiel leaned in, kissing Dean deeply, his tongue sliding in with ease as he swallowed Dean’s surprised moan.  He pulled back and smirked, his thumb pressing against Dean’s bottom lip.  “Mm.  I admit, it has been difficult to keep my hands to myself.  I thank you for your permission.”
Dean looked vulnerable . Completely and utterly vulnerable.  He’d stripped out of his jeans and the new shirt, his shoulder still bandaged and colored with dark red.  In his boxers, flopped on his stomach, Castiel felt only a twinge of desire for the man.  Instead, he thought more of what Dean faced and his reactions to this Alastair.  Dean was frightened of him.  And terrified of how Sam would be harmed.  And if Castiel couldn’t go to Bobby to aid Sam, he’d have to do something here in London.
“It’s
“Bal, please.  Don’t . . . just be charming and courteous, all right?  This is just to set up the signing.”  He locked his car and paced toward the house, keys dangling from his hand.  “Just meet at
So Dean wasn’t even worth mentioning?  He could understand hiding one’s orientation from family but to dismiss Dean as
As promised, Balthazar’s car arrived and Castiel slipped inside, sinking into the plush interior.
Castiel learned a great deal.  Dean’s one great love, the one possession he’d not been able to leave behind, had been the black classic he drove.  A 1967 Chevy Impala, apparently.  Castiel didn’t know much about cars beyond making sure they turned on.  But he could see Dean
Two cops had walked in; one a tall, bearded fellow with a rolling, slouching gait, the other, just as tall with short brown hair, brilliant green eyes and an easy grin.  Due to impending winter weather, both men were wearing thick, police department jackets but Castiel doubted it hid much.  He was
Strangely, the other man seemed to pout.  “C’mon, Gabe; you’re more fun.”
He slid behind the wheel of the Impala and headed home, clicking his phone to silent as the texts started pouring in.  It galled him when Sam pulled this shit.  The idea that
Impressed, Castiel held the gun down at his hip.  He raised his eyebrows, looking at Benny silently.  The other man grinned and shrugged, pointing to the door they’d been guarding.  He nodded, wishing he hadn’t.  The room tilted and he wobbled, the floor rushing up on him.  He didn’t quite make it there since Benny’s arm had wrapped around his chest, halting his fall.
Castiel quirked an eyebrow.  “An
He sat down gingerly, his heart pounding.  Instead of using the work phone, he dug out his cell and found Castiel’s listing.  His finger hovered over the bright digits and squeezing his eyes shut, he jabbed his finger down, hoping he hit the right button.  He opened one eye, to see “dialing…” lit up in green letters.
Dean chuckled and set his mug down, slapping the paper atop the table beside it as he shoved his chair back.  ”Dude, it’s a cold.  You have a damn cold.”  He laughed then, coming around the table to Castiel’s side.  ”All your time on earth, you never heard of a cold?”
“Hey!”  The window clicked shut again and he
Well, that was a dumb thing to remember.  And the same cloud that had appeared when he’d woken, resettled around his bedhead.
Dean smirked.  ”Thought you’d never ask,” he purred, backing the car up and heading down the road.
And yes, I am going to try and finish some of my unfinished works.  :D
Fork hanging from his mouth, Dean glared at him.  ”Not simple,” he growled.  He swallowed, licking sauce from his lips, eyes sharp points of color.  ”You wanna know why I can’t be caught?  Why I can’t stay in one place?”
kind of man his protagonist would fall in love with and seduce.  The
As Dean withdrew his hand from Castiel’s, it felt naked and cold.  He started the car and drove with one hand on the steering wheel, his right hand on the seat between them, Castiel’s pinky finger twined with his own.
Just as his lips brushed Dean, he yelped a second time, thrown sideways, falling to the floor or the car, one leg still on Dean.  He blinked rapidly, looking up into startled green.  They were stopped, apparently.  Though, it would have been kind of Benny to warn them.
Taking a breath, Dean nodded.  “Yeah, I did.  I mean, there are other sound guys so people probably won’t think it’s you if you’re not interested and I don’t mean to make things awkward for you so – mmph!”
“Sam?” he nudged.
That thought stayed with him until a half hour later, when he heard a knock at the door.  “Come,” he barked, twitchy and unnerved.  Thinking on things like this always left him out of sorts.  He just wanted the sex, right?  That’s all this had been about.  But then Castiel had to
Making up his mind, he settled back into his afternoon routine, confident that he’d pay a visit to the man’s cabin later that night, in his true form.  Perhaps it wasn’t the wisest way to find such information out but, for the moment, his only recourse.  With his new goal, the rest of the day passed quickly and he soon found himself fluttering to Dean’s cabin.  As recommended, he picked up a few small pebbles and tossed them at the window, hoping they’d create enough noise to get the man’s attention.  Either Dean had excellent hearing or he’d been waiting for Castiel given how quickly the window snapped open.
Hey, good news is, there's only one more chapter left and I said it's fluffy so . . . there's that?
he chanted.  Facing the crowd again, he stated, “My name is Castiel Novak; you might know me better as
"Need some help?" Dean asked, as he tapped on the door.
“Kinda dramatic, Cas,” Dean taunted uneasily.  He’d so easily thought Castiel’s affection would have withered after his demand.  If anything, it seemed to have increased.  As did Dean’s own desire to feel it.  And with it, the fear that it might end someday.  Someday soon, given Dean’s track record.
Intrigued, Castiel tilted his head.  He could see a rising flush on Dean’s cheeks; either from irritation or embarrassment.  Hard to say, really.  He pursed his lips and asked quietly, “Why then?  You aren’t a violent criminal.  Besides, I’m certain Interpol would see you more as an asset than a burden, if you can believe it.”
Dean swallowed.  “I think we need to leave.
The euphoria of their new-found relationship popped the second his brother bellowed, “Thank
He still had Castiel’s card.  His supposed private number.  A charity case, maybe?  Or maybe he wanted to remind Dean of how a sub was supposed to act.  He fidgeted in front of his laptop, toying with the card, the numbers so stark against the clean white surface.  Maybe that’s why he was so uncomfortable.  Maybe he was just postponing the inevitable punishment.  The
Inside he stared, blinking.  Why were his lights on?  And the window … open?  As the bathroom door creaked open, he dropped to one knee and pulled out his gun, snarling, “Another step and I can’t guarantee I won’t kill you.”
Benny looked over his shoulder, eyes landing on the gun.  “Never said that,” he mused.  “I only said he don’t use it any longer.”  He grinned.  “It’s still sealed off; gonna take some work to get past the block.”  He dug though his pants, coming up with a set of keys and a small USB stick.  “Takes these two keys; we’ll get through it.”  He turned away then, pushing and pulling harder at the busted door.
Dean grins.  Jess getting pregnant has to be the
"But I don’t get why, Cas."  Dean almost seemed to be pouting but he’d stopped digging at his injury.  "I’m … this is my issue, right?"
“You do?”  Dean winced at the way his voice squeaked out.  “Jesus,” he hissed, clapping a hand over his eyes and immediately losing Castiel’s hand on his skin.
(See the end of the chapter for
“'Opportunity'?” Dean prodded.
Chuckling, Dean nodded.  “Okay, that’s a point.”  He sobered quickly.  “Cas . . . just . . .”
Try as he might, he couldn’t help but speed home.  He’d fully expected his dick to wilt by that time but whether from disuse or Castiel’s thrilling touches, he remained rock hard the entire way.  He hurried into the house, not bothering with the lights as he slammed the deadbolt home.  He trotted to his bedroom and stripped before crossing the threshold, almost sobbing with relief as his cock sprang up.
— He almost tripped on the sidewalk when he thought that.
Dean quirked an eyebrow.  That seemed . . . odd.  He kept quiet though, eyeing his phone.
Abashed, Castiel shrugged and looked away, regretting opening his mouth.  Dean’s hands had moved north, holding his shoulders now.  Why’d he say anything?  He should have just enjoyed Dean’s presence and let the man go like he would eventually.
Castiel nodded.  ”Is there something wrong?”
He yelped suddenly when he found himself in the passenger seat, Dean now behind the wheel.  He glared.  “Don’t do that!”
“And that is?”
On Friday morning, after yet another round of internalized questions with no answers, Dean received a call from Castiel, bright and early.
And Dean had pissed on that by walking away.
He smiled serenely at Benny’s stunned expression.
Gabriel nodded rapidly, grabbing his napkin and twisting it in his hands.  “Y-yes.  Just . . . I . . . um . . . yes.”  He took a deeper breath and offered a more genuine, if shy smile.  “Yes.  Thank you, Dean.”  He glanced at his writer, frowning.  “Ba -- James, perhaps you could . . . cease brainstorming and focus on the matters at hand?”
The little bastard had slipped free of him after all.  Probably thinking he needed to be some self-sacrificing hero or other nonsense in regards to this theft.  If he ever caught up with Dean again, he’d definitely have to shoot him in the knee to keep him from running.
managed to destroy things.
That now-familiar grin quickly shifted into something far hotter.  “You bet.  By the way, think maybe that assistant gig comes with perks?”
“Wake up, asshole,” Dean grunted.  He rolled, coming out from under Castiel’s arms, propping himself up against the headboard.  He frowned at Castiel, watching him wake up.  “What’d you do to me?”
The man handed the folder over.  “This is your flight information and a few other things Singer felt you needed.”  He smirked, golden eyes shining.  “And now for the debriefing.”
He pulled back, wiping his mouth.  “What the fuck, Cas?”  His voice shook, slurred with alcohol and trembling with barely-held emotion.  He could see the man’s fingers reach for him again, even when Dean himself backed away.
Dinner passed slow and peaceful, a quiet night in Castiel’s home with the rain pattering slow and steady outside.  The grill had been cleaned and tucked away, the dishes a careful pile in the sink.  On the couch, the television low, Castiel curled into Dean’s side, savoring the warm, strong presence of the man beside him.
Sydney shifted the canvas bag of tools and new gloves and shrugged.  “He . . . seems fine.  I mean, he doesn’t act any different.”  He looked around him, however, before leaning in.  “I can smell despair, though.  It’s eating at him.”
“Learn to turn your nightlight off,” he groused, cracking open one eye.  Before Castiel could retort, Dean rolled over, pinning him to the bed.  He kissed Castiel sleepily and muttered.  “Need sleep.  Gotta find your off switch,” he added, pawing at Castiel.
-- would I be out of line asking you to have lunch today?  I know I said tomorrow and all but . . .” he reddened and shrugged, not looking at Castiel.
Gabriel.  Knowing his devious publisher, the ass would simply call Dean and either make it worse or unravel everything.  And if Gabriel saw Balthazar signing books, he’d end everything before it started.
Dean took his hand cautiously.  “Dean Winchester,” he murmured.  Well, he wasn’t dead yet.  That was a good sign.  Maybe.  Thank fuck the platform was empty.  Though, Dean would be late for work now.  Not so good.
Far from appeased, Dean began to pace, his head feeling tight and hot.  He wanted to ask what Sam had found.  But feared it, too.  He knew Michael’s possessive privacy.  He doubted that Sam would find anything of note.  At least, nothing that Michael wouldn’t want anyone to see.
Still, it didn’t change what he felt for Dean.  He loved the man.  Shadows or not.  Dean had been nothing but kind to him.  As
“Hey!  Who the fuck said ya could do that!” Dean snapped.
told me he was Gabriel.”
he heard uncertainty in the man’s deep voice.
“Yeah.  Knew that already, Fireball.”
Voice thick, Dean asked, “Then why won’t you?”
?  What the fuck?  Sick to his stomach but growing angrier by the second, Dean grabbed his jacket from the rack and slipped it on, before
Taking his hand back, his shirt sticking to him in the rain like a second skin, Castiel gave Dean a once-over.  ”Indeed.  Perhaps, some night, I could demonstrate?”
"Splendid," Balthazar purred.  "I’ll be ‘round to collect you, love.  Think of it as a …
“Dean Winchester.  I own
“Oh,” Castiel remarked, his tone almost one of awe.
Castiel swatted the man’s hands away.  “Dean!  Quit fighting me on this!”  He cradled Dean’s face, skin cold and wet under the constant rain.  “Don’t you understand?  You don’t have to do this all alone.  You can have a home here.  With me.”  He smiled weakly.  “The two of us.  Together.  Please, understand that it’s all I want from you.  Just you.  Here.”  He swallowed rainwater, feeling tears fall.  “I told you my door was open to you; it still is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
obvious, had he?  Sure, he blushed a lot when Dean was around.  And the man was
His companion leaned back and shook his head.  ”No, love.  I make certain to …
The nerve.  Drunk or not, Dean can fuck like a damn champion.  And Pretty Voice has that pretty face to go with it.  Probably a pretty ass.  He tries to see but it's too dark and Pretty Voice is wearing dark clothing.  Guy's tall; always a plus.  Maybe a little thinner than Dean?  Goddammit though; why does he look familiar?
he chided internally.  Yes, let the handsome sex god know
Dizzy, Castiel leaned into Dean’s insistent mouth, murmuring, “Not . . . exactly suave . . . Dean.”  His eyes snapped open and he began to form an apology when he halted, stunned.
thing.  Well, once.  Long time ago.”  He still wouldn’t meet Castiel’s gaze, turning instead to watch the few morning cars drive by.  “So.  Just so you know.  I don’t cheat or anything but . . . I kind of have a bad track record.”
Castiel often parked his truck at the edge of the greenspace that sat smack in the middle of the financial district.  He’d expected maybe
"Fuck my life," he muttered.
They were
Groaning, he rose and checked Dean’s wound again.  Ugly for certain but not life threatening.  It had even begun clotting, the bleeding down to a trickle rather than the gush of before.  It still needed cleaning, one way or another.
Stripping naked in his bedroom, he recited the spell that would remove the charm from his wrist.  His viewpoint immediately bloomed as his body shrank to his natural form.  He stretched his wings, feeling the blood and magic surge through the cramped membrane.  Darting out through the small aperture he’d left in his window, he sped across town, heading for his old home.
Hand over his eyes, Castiel muttered, “More like sex block.”  He dropped his hand, panicked.  “Not that I’d know!  I mean . . . I don’t know what he does in the bedroom.  Not that I ever
