“Oh, Christ,” he heard Bradstreet moan from behind him. The man had his head in his hands.
“We haven’t done this in a while, huh?”
Sherlock was no longer on top of the fridge. He was lying on his back on his bed, fully dressed. John immediately dampened down the spark of hope that flared at the sight of his friend looking relatively normal, because if there was one thing he’d learned in Sherlock’s company, nothing was ever as it first appeared.
“She still hasn’t got a job,” Harry said, her voice a little too light.
“Hmm?” John inquired, surgical tape between his teeth.
“How is Sarah?” Sherlock blurted out. Mentally, he cringed, but it was the only thing he could think of at short notice to stop John confronting him. John looked at him like he’d just asked him to tap dance.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Chemistry was on the ground floor, John remembered, and thank Christ for that, and he circled the building, peering into every window he could without a teacher noticing. It only took him about a minute to find Sherlock’s classroom and –
The garden was big, no two ways about it. And they were taking their time.
“Hey!” Sherlock said, eyes bright with playfulness. “Canapés are no laughing matter,”
“Why?”
“Bye.” John raised a hand as the brothers walked away, Sherlock with his hands shoved in his pockets, Mycroft twirling that bloody umbrella of his. It wasn’t even raining.
It was bright as a summer morning, content, like birds, like water in sunlight. It built, higher and higher, to a twirling crescendo, then falling back down, dancing, dancing, and John could feel himself smiling as it floated to its end, a drawn out note that was like a long evening in firelight.
“That’s one word for it,” John replied.
He watched the back of John’s head as they drove, very slowly due to the icy roads, through the village. Mrs Hudson chatted about nothing, and John replied in like manner. Sherlock stayed quiet, not having anything to say.
He hadn’t felt so panicked by one for some weeks, however, and he could still feel himself shivering.
It came to be Glen’s turn. He was struggling to think of something to say, and people were getting restless.
“What is it?”
John could see the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders and began to doubt whether he had made the right decision. He moved to his roommate’s side, watched his eyes tracing the people below. “Go on. Deduce me something,” he coaxed.
There was so much John wanted to say to the boy walking by his side.
Sherlock nodded after a moment. “Local lads. Dean Webb and Thomas Fitzjames. Cousins, apparently. Fourteen years old. The police have been closing in on this drug ring for a while now. They suspected that the main guy wasn’t dealing himself, he was using family members, but they never suspected he was blackmailing his nephews into it.”
“Oh. My. God. Have you ever played chubby bunny?” he asked.
“Thank you, dear,” she replied with a flash of her teeth in the darkness. “Now both of you, shoo.”
Sherlock shot John a withering look.
anything anymore.
Footsteps. Lestrade and Mycroft appeared over John’s shoulder, and Sherlock heard his own laughter cut out. John furrowed his brow at this, cocked his head, and then turned. Sherlock saw his smile drop as he saw the two men, who were sharing a look that made Sherlock’s blood run cold.
“It’s always good to have formal wear in reserve,” Sherlock said. “Now, for your outfit, I would recommend a white shirt and a blue tie - ”
“Of course,” he replied, smiling sincerely at the woman, at the kindness of her eyes.
“That is true, Sherlock,” John agreed. While he wanted nothing more than to collapse onto Sherlock’s bed and never move again, his conscience wouldn’t let him. Louis was only seven, and Henry’s voice hadn’t even begun to break yet – even though he didn’t know these boys, he couldn’t help but feel somewhat responsible for them. “We should ask them first.”
The sports hall, packed with thousands of bodies as it was, was sweltering even before the ceremony began. As the hall stood for the entrance of the senior members of staff, John fanned himself with the programme, but froze when he saw Moriarty’s dark head of hair in the procession, his gown fanning out behind him.
Lestrade looked at him over his shoulder. His gaze was steady and scrutinising. John stood as still as he could, fighting the urge to fidget. He was about to beg and offer to do the man’s washing up for a week, when Lestrade turned back to his breakfast and said, “Fine. But only because I want to eat my breakfast in peace and I think you’ll argue if I say no.”
“It’s a bad idea,” Sherlock mused.
“No, it’s not fine, I can’t believe he would – ”
“Mike.”
John spun around.
“Eight something,” Harry replied cheerily. “Are you not going to wish me a happy Christmas?”
“Sherlock, is all of this true?” Mrs Watson said as people began to return to their spots on the sidelines.
“You should get some hot chocolate for school.” she suggested. John, at polar opposites to the rest of his family, preferred hot chocolate over tea, and so there was never much of it in the house. “Could go to the Co-Op on the way to the station."
“That’s where I’m from. Did you like it, or do you prefer it up here in the country?”
“Time to go, boys.”
“What? Wrong?” John said a little teasingly, but regretted it when Sherlock replied.
The phone rang. And rang. And rang -
Harry clapped and whooped behind him.
Sherlock read over his shoulder. “
The boy chuckled softly. “S’alright. What’re you looking for?”
“I’m surprised. You’re not as awful a dancer as I’d imagined.” Sherlock said, and his tone was soft.
John turned and grabbed his pillow.
“That is not good enough, John. You’re smart, this isn’t the kind of behaviour I expect from you.”
“You ought to be thankful I’m explaining anything at all, mate,” John retorted, a little harsher than he was expecting.
John took a sip of his beer. They had both ignored Lestrade’s advice, but all the giddiness had left them. John felt as if everything was underwater – all was a little muffled, a little muted, beyond about a metre’s radius. The only person completely in focus was Sherlock, leaning nonchalantly against the piano next to him, beer bottle cradled in his long fingers.
“It’s a short cut,” she explained. They went inside, and John instantly regretted it. It was dark, unforgivingly so; there were no windows and he had no clue where his guide had gone.
“I was just explaining to your family that today I’ll be giving them a Partially Deceased Syndrome one-oh-one – or, rather, you and I will, Sherlock, because you might know a little more than I do,” Tom joked.
“John, this is my brother, Mycroft; Mycroft – well, it seems you’ve already met.”
John was laughing. “He’s such a grump, your brother.”
Sherlock had grinned and flicked the kitchen light off.
“Sherlock,” John called, moving a chair out of the way. He felt his friend get to his knees beside him. “Dead cat,” John whispered.
“Sherlock,” John called softly. “It’s time for lunch, wake up.”
Sherlock opened his mouth and John instantly regretted saying anything.
“Yeah, sorry, John,” Eric said.
“Calm down, Lord Byron,” John said, a smile spreading across his face to match the one on Sherlock’s. He reluctantly handed back the glove. “How much were those?”
fuck, let me start again.”
“Thank you, Molly,” Sherlock said, taking the box and pocketing it. John glared at Sherlock until he caught his eye.
John walked slowly in the vague direction of the goal Doyle was aiming for. He had mud splattered up the backs of his legs, smeared down his front, smudged across his skin. Brown now joined the stripes of blue and maroon on his cheeks. There was a bruise blossoming on his left thigh where someone had fallen onto him, elbow making contact with skin, and Sherlock had flinched. His hair was sticking up every which way, messy from the mud and rain and sweat and his hands raking through it every so often, to get it off his forehead, or, as now, in despair or frustration or suspense.
“We all have to put in eight pounds and I’ve only got five, and I was thinking if we pay together – ”
“Yes, she – ”
He could have said those things, but he said nothing.
Once the door had finally swung shut, Sherlock whipped around to John. “We have to find Carl’s shoes.”
But he didn’t say any of that because Sherlock’s gaze had not lightened, had not moved away. It was heavy, pinning John in place, his heart fluttering. Sherlock was still speaking, John realised, still saying something with his gaze, something else, but John couldn’t understand what, and it felt for a moment as if they were dancing again. They were still holding hands. Sherlock hadn’t taken his away. If anything, it was gripping John’s tighter. John looked down at them once more, and the way Sherlock’s fingers were curled into his against the rough stone made something slot into place in his mind.
“You’re about there, to be honest.” John was making eye contact again, much to Sherlock’s relief. He sighed and sat back. “Mary Morstan. Known her since I was, ooh, thirteen? Yeah, thirteen. She was the new kid in my class in year nine; by year ten we were good friends; in year eleven, we got together. I loved her – don’t give me that face, I did! We were each other’s firsts, and I know that doesn’t mean anything and is a purely social construct but…” John looked to Sherlock’s face for a reaction but got none. “She was my
(See the end of the chapter for
Just then, a pair of headlights rounded the corner in front of them and slowed down as the car approached them. A young man wearing a waiter’s uniform got out. “Did you order Chinese?”
There was no way he could say that it was beautiful without talking about anything other than John’s words, the words that formed John’s perception of their relationship. There was no way he could say that their own relationship was beautiful – that would be acknowledging something that was already known to all the universe, it seemed, but… no. He couldn’t.
“When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they would come to me,” Sherlock clarified, to John’s annoyance.
, and frowned. He hadn’t thought about how some of the more religious schools in the area might have reacted. He looked out over the assembly hall. It would account for just how many PDS faces he could see, more than he would have thought would have been proportional for the school. He had only known of one other child dying in 2009. A road traffic accident in the year below him, a boy nicknamed Little Pete for his gawkish height. Sherlock scanned the audience for the boy, finding him sat across the aisle. Sherlock tried to catch his eye, but Pete kept his eyes on the floor.
“Ah. Remember Little Pete?” Mike whispered.
“We did?” John interrupted.
“Wha-?”
[in which there are two boyfriends called David due to poor planning on my part]
Lestrade had mass-ordered cheap blue dungarees and about a week previously they had arrived, the year nines a pitiful sight as they carted the huge boxes to the house from the porters’ lodge. John pulled his off a hanger and quickly stripped to his underwear and a plain t-shirt, aware that Sherlock was doing the same thing behind him. He stepped into the garment and pulled the straps over his shoulders. He caught sight of his reflection and sighed – he felt ridiculous. Socks next – long, to go under his CCF boots. The inch or so of visible skin between the top of the boots and the bottom of the trousers was irritating him. He knew they were supposed to look like that but that didn’t stop him feeling like –
’ in a big cross on the door itself.
“You read it?”
“Dunno her name, but I think she’s a substitute for that bio teacher who’s gone on maternity.” Mike’s conspiratorial grin widened. “She could substitute me any day.”
John exhaled and rubbed his eyes, allowing himself one moment of indulgent self-pity before jogging to catch up.
“Back to Thriller,” John clapped his hands once and pressed play on the video on his laptop. Michael Jackson’s voice filtered out of the low-quality speakers, John singing along.
but he wasn’t. There was only John and his teacher, her long skirt swishing as she ambled between the desks towards him, the heads of his classmates turning and following her with their gaze as she went.
“But John,” Sherlock replied. “We have an education to get.”
“Tipsy,” John said, and Sherlock’s mouth twisted in a smile.
John had been hoping for some sort of grace period after the half term holiday, but lessons were just as intense and confusing as usual. During his free period that fell during the last lesson of the day, he fell unconscious onto his bed, only to be woken minutes later by Claus’ snorts of laughter as Glen drew a penis on his face in Sharpie.
Content warning for explicit depictions of parental death in a road traffic accident. See parts to avoid
“Well,” Mike said while they clapped the boys off the stage. “That was… interesting.”
“That’s why the joke was funny, Sherlock.”
Thirty six.
“What?” John caught his arm, confused. “That’s all right, Jamie,” he said, turning back to the other boy. “I've got one. Thanks, though.”
“Come on! It’s fun!”
“Yes, sir,”
“He only brings people in here for serious stuff,” Mike said, settling himself on a worn sofa. “Did he not bring you in here when you decked someone within, like, a month of getting here?”
John listened to his roommate attentively. Sherlock rarely talked about his life before John met him, and therefore when he was in the mood to do so, John wouldn’t have stopped him for the world. But it seemed that at this juncture, Sherlock had nothing more to say, so John held up a plastic headband with bolts on either side above the ears, so that the wearer would look like Frankenstein’s monster.
Seconds later, Sarah joined them, eyes wide. “So is this what you two do for fun?”
“Bonne nuit,” Sherlock corrected.
And that had been the end of that conversation.
“Stop fidgeting,” he chastised.
“I’m – I’m what?”
“I’m going to do those, too – piercings,” John explained.
“Hello, John,” the man drawled. “How lovely to see you again.”
“John. Quite frankly, I don’t care. Now, if you don’t mind, I want to try and get back to sleep before I have to face the day.”
, Sherlock had said.
John laughed, partially out of surprise that the boy had said anything at all. “I said that when I first came here. But Sherlock – my friend, the one who’s asleep – said to me ‘don’t be daft, John; the country is not immune to dark intrigues.’
“Turn around.” Irene instructed.
John frowned. “Who?”
After some time conversing about not very much, a boy Harry vaguely recognised tapped John on the shoulder.
“Well, you’re finally getting your pizza,” John quipped as he put the phone down. Sherlock was perched on the edge on John’s sofa, not looking entirely comfortable. “You okay?”
Sherlock had been the one to get up first. He hadn’t wanted to. But he had. Because there was only so long he could pretend to be dozing. So he’d sighed and sat up, groaning involuntarily with a mixture of sluggishness and surprise at the fluidity of the room around him.
“John, your nerves are talking and they are making you sound even more stupid than usual. Listen.”
“Aw, look at you two,” Mike’s voice cooed, and John looked up to see the boy, having turned around form his and Molly’s desk in front of them, grinning at him. “Kind of romantic isn’t it? Dissecting a heart together – oh, there could be a metaphor in there somewhere.”
Sherlock re-arranged his expression from gossipy villager to sympathetic friend, and John continued.
Sherlock sidled his way towards the refreshments stall, rummaging in his pocket for his wallet. As he was waiting in the queue, his ear was caught by a voice shouting above the chatter of the crowd:
He heard a sudden laugh come from one of the doors on his left. He ditched his heavy bags on the floor, walked up to the door, and listened. Muffled chatter was coming from inside.
“Like he was trying to curl up against some sort of pain,” she said. “I tried to work out what was wrong with him, I tried to hold him, but – ”
“I don’t know,” John said.
Love you all! Hope you don’t hate me too much yet cos you will hate me more soon!
“Remember, none of this leaves this room,” John said, wanting to coax whatever was there out of him. “Right, everyone?”
He steeled himself, then put his hand back on the animal. She was still.
And while John felt dread creeping up behind him, he held his left hand up in front of him, and it was perfectly steady.
Eddie stuttered. “I haven’t even given you the sheet music yet, just – ”
“A parcel came for you while you were out,” she told him, and John took the package from her and tried not to rush upstairs.
John laughed as he and Mike grappled for a few moments, but Sherlock wasn’t paying any attention.
They had certainly improved since the first rehearsal John had eavesdropped on – still not perfect, a few slipped notes here and there, the timing a little off in places, but as the song went on, John could see Sherlock becoming visibly more comfortable. Someone started up some clapping at one point, bringing a smile to Eddie’s nervous features. He even thought he saw the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitch when Mike whooped after he pulled off a fast, vigorous section with a trademark flourish of his bow.
Ten thirty.
“What the fuck?” Angelo recoiled from Sherlock, shrugging off his hand. “I’m not gay!”
“Again, so clever. What a good student you are. Quick learner.”
“Would it make you feel better if I asked permission next time?”
That afternoon, Sherlock was pacing. John was watching him from atop his bunk, a pencil raised above his sketchpad but never making contact. Occasionally, Sherlock would stop and rush to his noticeboard, raising a hand and tracing a string that he had pinned between images, newspaper clippings, Post-it notes, scraps of paper - and then the hand would drop again, and would sigh, and he would go back to pacing.
Each look was like a small electric shock. Sherlock would turn over his shoulder and his clear eyes would meet John’s and John would quickly turn away, put his eyes back on the jumper he was folding to put into his suitcase, or the phone in his hand, or the ceiling, suddenly fascinating.
“Yeah, he’s – uh – can I talk to you?” Without waiting for an answer, John slipped out of the room, closing the door behind him. Lestrade looked a little taken aback, but when John produced the broken padlock from his pocket, his brows furrowed. “He was on the roof,” John explained quietly. “Just sitting – nothing, uh, illegal was up there, either. He must have managed to break this somehow.” He handed Lestrade the twisted metal.
“He had come to visit me last night and had left this behind. I had a free this period so I came over to return it, and he had left some things on the floor, so I bent down to tidy them away for him when I saw it. Saw the circle. My roommate, Sarah, had mentioned you, Sherlock, said you were the friend of this boy she had been seeing – who turned out to be you, I guess, John,” she looked up at them both. “Said you liked mysteries and were the cleverest person she’d ever met and also the most infuriating, so I thought you might have some ideas. I was just going to find you when I bumped into you outside Frank.”
They come back to you.
He could hear the noise of the crowd outside on the pitch. He thought he would never be able to hear anything else again.
“Ugh,” John said, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand. “Why do onions do this?”
) she wouldn't see the phone sandwiched between his thighs. There was a moment of silence, and then John saw her smirk.
Both his brain and tongue faltered, then, running dry. So he swallowed. He lowered his gaze to the board and began to move his own knight to demonstrate. “Knights go in L-shapes and can move in any direction.”
Happy 25th December everyone, henceforth known as The Day They Kissed. Love you guys.
Sherlock got the tickets and came over to John. “We’re not allowed in for another five minutes.”
“What lessons are you supposed to have after lunch?”
He twisted, looked at the spray of light freckles over his shoulders. Watched the muscles under his skin move with his bones.
“Release me and restore me to the ground. Thou seest all things, thou wilt see my grave: thou wilt renew thy beauty morn by morn.”
He walked hastily out of the room, feeling eyes following him. Sherlock was already halfway up the stairs when John reached their foot.
“It’s more of a case of you being able to help yourself,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock hummed, but John knew his mind was elsewhere. He seemed better after their meal earlier – he had ended up finishing his sandwich, downing all his tea and half of John’s when he wasn’t looking. His hands had stopped shaking and he seemed more alert, deducing left, right and centre.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment. “Milk first, I assume.”
“What’s going on, Sherlock?” He asked as he followed Sherlock back downstairs again.
“I know,”
“John – John, listen to me,” he began, a little surprised that his voice wasn’t as steady as it had sounded in his head.
That last text came in as John was heading out of the door for the post office, and he nearly tripped over with surprise.
“Oh my God…” breathed John. Mike looked up as if he’d forgotten John was there. He looked a bit shaken. “You okay?”
“Oh, that’s alright then,” John said sarcastically. “But yeah, I’ll play. Do you think we stand a good chance?”
“And?”
The bed felt very empty without John’s steady body heat beside him.
“Charming.”
John screwed his eyes shut now and Sherlock saw a tear begin to trace its way down his cheek. “So clever.” John said through gritted teeth. “A-star. Top marks.”
He knew that
“Sure I’m sure,” he replied, and John shrugged, putting one in his mouth.
, Sherlock realised. To be seen as weak and powerless as this, with no control over his body – John would find it humiliating.
He watched John embrace his family, saw their pride, and smiled.
“No, you’re not, it’s your go now,” Mike beamed at him, holding out the remote. “Winner stays on, so you’re against Charlie.”
For want of anything else to do, he texted Harry.
Skin, sock, shoe.
Sherlock was frowning at him again, so John groaned.
John’s heart sang one note in response, high and simple and strong.
“Where?” John asked.
“I only – ”
Nadia, who had separated herself from Sherlock’s surely sub-par hug, put a protective hand on her brother’s back. “Thank you,” she said simply. “From the bottom of my heart, thank you.”
“And were you?” Harry asked.
Sherlock, mercifully, chuckled. “I have an exam tomorrow, John.”
Sorry this chapter took a little while - it turned out to be a long one! I wrote most of it while rather sleep deprived so apologies if it’s a little chaotic.
John spluttered a laugh.
John exhaled a nervous laugh. “Nothing’s wrong. I just need to let you know something before you agree to this. It might - it might change your mind.” Sherlock frowned at him and opened his mouth to speak but John couldn’t let him. If Sherlock stopped him now, John might never build up the courage again and he
“How’s your panini?” John asked after they’d sat down and begun their lunch.
Forty four.
“I just don’t understand how you can be around him without wanting to punch him,” Sally said casually. “Don’t you get sick of, well, everything to do with him?”
The journey would have been quite short if the roads hadn’t been as icy. As it was, however, they crept through the village, affording John lots of time to take in the quaintness of it all. He itched to explore it in daylight – he found himself fantasising about the way it would look on a summer’s afternoon. He hoped Sherlock would invite him so he could have a picnic on the green, fulfil the stereotypes as thoroughly as he could.
“Gosh, you’re getting so big now, John,” she commented, smiling at him. “How’s school?”
John frowned. “No, it wasn’t Sherlock – why does everyone think that?” And then hoped no-one would answer.
“Are those glow-in-the-dark stars?”
“Don’t you want to read it for yourself?”
They lay in silence for an indeterminate amount of time, and John felt himself dropping off to sleep when Harry spoke again, quietly, sleepily.
The assembled turned to look at Sherlock. The coach was looking at him strangely. Had he said something? He must have done, but he wasn’t sure which of the thoughts flying through his synapses had –
’ look on his face that seemed to come so naturally to him.
“Yeah.”
Sherlock looked around the basement that the hebetudinous human equivalent of backwash before him called his own. He could hear Victor’s father’s footsteps on the floor above.
“I probably should have gone in first.”
“It was disappointing to say the least,” Sherlock continued, as John spotted an opening in the crowd and joined the back of the queue for fish and chips. “The history teachers were more interested in each other than the art teacher. It was her idea, yet she left halfway through.”
“I don’t smile in photos, John.”
“Glen?” John asked, a little too much adrenaline in him to let it lie.
Sherlock was laughing, and John wanted nothing more than to be able to see his face at that moment.
On that note, I hope you and your loved ones are safe, well, and coping okay-ish with current circumstances. I know that you come from all over the world, from all walks of life, and that each one of you will have your own issues to be dealing with right now. But I hope this chapter, although perhaps not the most cheery, was able to provide a little distraction. We are all facing a time of major uncertainty right now, but I hope you can find some constancy and community here. If you are bored or looking for something to keep you from reading and re-reading bad news, I recently found online a documentary that I watched a few years ago on television that may be of interest to you all. It follows the lives of the boys in a boarding house in Harrow, one of the UK's most well-known (read: expensive) boarding schools. I was struck when re-watching it how similar it is to how I have envisioned Doyle and St. Bart's in this story, so if you'd like a little more insight into the sorts of lives John and Sherlock lead in this story, or simply an entertaining look at how the 1% live, I will leave the links at the end of this message.
“Why?”
John’s heart stopped.
John paused, then shook himself and continued taking his shoes off. “When was the last time you ate?” he asked.
“Plea…”
“You don’t have to answer,” John said, “but have you seen him?”
“ – Put only in
“You’re the jealous girlfriend in this relationship,” John grumbled. When Sherlock didn’t reply, he shoved a plate of food at him. “Eat your curry, darling, I promise I haven’t poisoned it.”
She hummed something that could only be described as the epitome of disinterested. John tried again.
“In broad daylight?”
“I got these flowers for you.” He set them down beside the ones that mum and Harry had already left. “To be honest, they’re from that kiosk at train station, but I thought you’d like them because, well, they’re your favourite colours and all. I, er, I hope you’re doing okay, wherever you are – that is, if you are anywhere at all.” John coughed and picked at his jeans.
“I was…” Angelo began, glancing to John and Sherlock, standing on either side of him, for reassurance. John gave him an almost imperceptible nod. “I was carjacking.”
John begged him silently.
“Jesus, no,” she dismissed. “I hate it,”
The boys let him go once he felt a little more composed, and he walked out of the common room as Sherlock walked out of Lestrade’s house. John asked him a question with his eyes. Sherlock answered it with a dismissive shake of his head. Lestrade had let him off lightly, then.
John sat on the floor and unwrapped his parcels. The first was a black suit jacket and trousers. John considered it, felt the fabric. Then got up, took off his jumper and slipped the jacket on.
Once Mrs Watson had woken up sufficiently, they gave in to Harry and John found an old CD of Christmas songs to put on.
Sherlock made eye contact with him in the mirror. “Yes, John. Really.” His voice was soft, and there was a hint of a smile at his lips.
“Yes, we’ve been – ”
“Oh, thanks,” John said, picking it up. “Do you want me to come down with you at two fifteen?”
All kinds of scenarios were playing themselves out in his imagination – Sherlock unconscious somewhere, through his own doing or someone else’s – Sherlock in the back of a van – Sherlock in a dark basement – anything and everything could have happened but John had nothing at all to go on and he was panicking, the realisation hit him, he was going to
“The school sent a policeman 'round to Doyle to get rid of the syringes from Sherlock’s lair, and search turn his things upside down for anymore cigarettes or drugs or generally dangerous things. Only once that was done was he allowed out of bed, after about a week in the san. Lestrade boarded up the hatch to the attic and Sherlock moved back into the dorm.
“Do you know why he’s here? Is everything all right at home?”
“So you say that he you just walked in and he was fitting?” John asked as he, Sherlock, and the boy, whose name turned out to be Percy Phelps, strode down the road to Dickens.
. By the way, the law around teenage alcohol consumption in the UK is a little complex (you can see it put simply
“Ridiculous,” Sherlock finished quietly. “Unfortunately, I think our killer has a bit of a penchant for ridiculous things.”
[in which Sherlock insults a dog]
“Good.” Sherlock said, making John draw his eyebrows together in confusion. “If you’re nervous, that means you’re thinking. And that means you won’t get arrogant and make stupid mistakes. It means you’re sane.”
“Am. I. A. Vegetable?”
“Focus, John. Look at me. Keep your eyes fixed on me, come on,”
When the door had shut behind John and he had heard the hiss of the shower being turned on, Sherlock walked over to the mirror mounted on the wall next to the door. He ran a hand over his stomach, his ribs. He remembered a time when his hand had run over jutting hips and sharp angles. Now his fingers moved more or less smoothly from his chest to his belly button to his pelvis.
“The police are going to ask for statements,” Sherlock said after a while.
“I didn’t know
“This is Mike?” Mrs Watson said, ignoring John completely. “Mike! Jo Watson, John’s mum – I’ve heard a lot about you, it’s great to finally meet you.”
“But I have to go and I don’t have the energy to send him away, so as long as he doesn’t cock things up, he’s welcome – just for today, you understand,” he said, shrugging on his coat and pushing past the two boys.
“Oh my God. Seriously? I was in London, for Christ’s sake!”
“Yeah?”
Sherlock stood up and forced his throat to unclench. “You know where the papers are then?”
Sherlock hummed his agreement.
The man laughed, unexpectedly, before continuing with a malignant smile. “Ah yes, the defiance of the teenager… by far the kindest term for stupidity, don’t you think?” John gave no reply. The man’s face became serious. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Why?”
“Well, that didn’t work, because now I’m worried as fuck, and mum’s going to be out of her mind when she finds out.”
They sat on the sofa, John unconvinced. “What kind of make-up?”
Sherlock took his eyes off the horizon. “This?”
Daddy and the nurse were talking outside the room, framed in the pane of glass in the door. They were slightly off-centre, and it annoyed him. They had originally been trying to work out why he wasn’t speaking yet and had then got curious about the rest of him. Some words Sherlock didn’t understand had been thrown around, and he had heard daddy and mummy arguing about something called ‘sociopath’ lots of times, like it was a disease. He knew he wasn’t sick. He just didn’t want to talk to anyone. Daddy scared him, mummy was too overbearing, Mycroft… Mycroft tried. But Sherlock still didn’t speak to him.
[in which there is gold, frankincense and beef stock]
, nothing more, because Sherlock had not actually said anything. That was all John had to go off, a facial expression, fleeting and ambiguous. Could John even remember it right? Was the image he clung to real, or was it what he wanted to be real?
“We’ll have to agree to disagree on that point,” John replied. “Please come. It’ll take your mind off the case.”
“All of it,”
“Oh… I’m so sorry, I had no idea,” John said, hoping his face wasn’t betraying the spark of excitement lit by this revelation.
“Oh, absolutely, I came to that conclusion an hour ago – but what point? What is the motive?”
A few seconds later, he saw Sherlock check his phone – and look up.
“What time is it…” he mumbled to himself, rubbing his hands over his eyes.
The laundry room was at the end of the passage. John flicked on the light, found a basket, tipped the clothes in it onto the floor. Set it, upside down, on the floor under the hatch. Stepped up, reached up, jumped up and pushed and he was through.
“And the answer to the question you’ve all been asking is; no, you do not get paid. But money should not be an incentive to further your learning and you should all consider this, as it would look fantastic on your UCAS forms.”
“Quicker. Sharper.”
“Can you tell me a story?”
“It could easily have been a pupil,” Sherlock said. “HMs’ doors are always open – quite literally – so it’s no great stretch of the imagination to conceive how anyone could have just walked in and…” he made a vague gesture with his hand.
John frowned. “What are you talking about?”
Since their altercation two-and-three-quarter days ago (roughly), things between them had been a little fragile, like a vase on the edge of a mantelpiece.
“Get set!”
“Oh my god, Sherlock, is this you?” John exclaimed. They had migrated into the library because Mycroft had begun to give them very pointed looks after John almost choked from laughing.
Sherlock smiled while John was looking at the paper.
“It was my idea,” Molly called, not turning around from where she was hunched over Mike’s tray. John heard Sherlock exhale a laugh beside him.
“Excuse me, sir?”
Sherlock got up.
Sherlock had no clue what the time was, and had no desire to. He only knew that he never wanted the sun to rise if it meant the end to whatever this night had become, this bubble in which he’d held John’s hand and his waist and showed him the stars.
“Okay.” She clambered into bed. “Night.”
“Good morning,” he said.
“Yeah,” replied John, a little apprehensive of why she was asking.
“Mmm?” John looked up from tying his laces.
“Oh, god, sorry Sarah,” he mumbled, clearing his throat. His mouth was dry and tasted like something had died in there – he’d have to take a rain check on that kiss.
Having retrieved her wallet, she jogged back down the stairs and was on her way to the front door when she halted as she passed the living room. The door was ajar, and through the gap she could see the dark shape of Sherlock on the sofa, knees drawn up to his chest. The room was lit solely by the light from the telly, which appeared to be showing the Jeremy Kyle Show with the volume turned down so the roars of the crowd were barely a whisper. She pushed it open a little further and the boy turned to her. He put a finger to his lips and there was the ghost of a smile on his usually-serious face as he inclined his head to the space on the sofa next to him. Harry shifted and saw what, or rather who, Sherlock was indicating to. John was slumped next to him, head resting on the arm, mouth open slightly, fast asleep.
Sherlock was hovering behind him, a small smile playing on his lips, and Mrs Watson, after having kissed John until he’d started to whine, turned her attention to him.
“No time to waste, John!” Sherlock called back.
Harry busied herself finding tea bags. John put the kettle on.
“It’s not my dad I’m worried about… my mum sort of walked in on me and my girlfriend, and we weren’t even doing anything, just holding hands, and, well, she – and I told her that it was nothing like that, we’re just friends, but she - ”
John pressed each of the keys under his fingers, Sherlock naming them. Soon enough, John was pressing down each key as Sherlock called it out, frowning with concentration in the beginning and laughing when he got it wrong.
He opened up his and Sherlock’s text message chat.
The atmosphere inside the house felt different. Slower. Hazier. But that might have just been the beer. Sherlock turned to John, whose eyes had never been so bright, so full of mischief. He was laughing about something, and Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from joining in.
They both remembered the last time. Their mother had come home late, so drunk she had yelled all sorts of insults at them, at John as he’d tried to help her up the stairs. They’d taken refuge from the storm in John’s bed, as they had done when they were little and telling each other jokes. But there hadn’t been any jokes that night.
Sherlock picked up a plastic fork from Lestrade’s kitchen table and poked at his potato salad. “Not for someone who comes from such an extensive, rich family.”
John grinned as someone in Doyle howled, “DOOOOOOYY-YLE!” in response, and the announcer blew his whistle irately. Silence fell once more.
“Even information about who’s fucking who behind the bike sheds?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Wasn’t pretending,” he lied. “Anyway, it’s only one o’clock. That’s early.”
Sherlock wouldn’t be able to remember the winners of the sculpture, collage or textile categories – he’d deleted them as soon as he’d heard them. None of them were John, so they didn’t matter.
Sherlock said nothing, but gathered up the cosmetics spread over the floor. “Oh, come on, don’t get sulky with me.”
“Oh yeah, ‘cause your dad’s a geography teacher, isn’t he,” he mused. “Must run in the family,”
The singing began, as slurred as usual.
’” Angelo imitated. “Why the rush, boys? You fags got some place to be?”
“All right then,” John went to the wardrobe and began pulling clothing off hangers, folding them as he went from there to the trunk.
“You get used to it,” John said. “…Eventually.”
“I will not have that kind of
“The crisps you bought when you went to the tuck shop with Mike this afternoon, no doubt mainly discussing me on the walk. You didn’t eat them, but put them in the drawer in your desk and subsequently forgot about them.”
“They told him he had three days and I refused to sleep. He was unconscious for most of it, and the drugs they had to give him for the pain were so strong that he barely made sense when he did wake up. I remember only a couple of instances of lucidity but they were so short. Too short. On the last day, I was holding his hand and I blinked and when I woke up, the nurses were trying to loosen my grip so they could take him away. I missed it. I fucking missed it. And in a way I’m glad. Is that selfish? I don’t know.
“Not bad,” John replied, smiling. “Uh, pretty good, actually – oh! I’ve got something to tell you and mum.”
“She shouldn’t have leaned over it,” Sherlock muttered. “Basic lab safety. Not my fault.”
A few days later, John arrived a little late to the san. When he entered, he breathed a sigh of relief to note that Dr. Smith was nowhere to be seen.
“Thank you for trying to defend my honour.”
“Forty minutes feels like years on a coach,” John replied. “So,” he quietened a little as one of the teachers began speaking to the assembled students about the time to reconverge, “what do you want to do?”
Sherlock swam over to the side and John followed.
“Ha!” Bill yelled at him. “Suck on that, Johnny!”
Sherlock cursed silently. He’d tried to disguise his breathlessness – without success, it seemed. John was getting better at reading him, and he wasn’t sure whether that was a thing to be pleased about terrified of.
“That your suit for the ball?” Mike asked as they continued their journey upstairs.
“Oh, God, sorry, Mike.” John got up.
John rolled his eyes. “Well, perhaps to prove a point, then?”
They walked together through the darkness. Their steps seemed louder in the chill of the air.
A couple of minutes in, John felt his phone begin to vibrate with what he knew would be texts of felicitations. He took it out, smiled at the incoming messages, from Mike, Harry, Dan. He sent quick replies back, then pocketed the thing as soon as he could. He looked up, and Sherlock was looking at him. He grinned, and Sherlock grinned back, and they both turned back to the television.
“Me? I’m fine. Fine. I am completely fine.”
“You need to eat, Sherlock.”
“I like it,” John said. “It’s kind of peaceful.”
Sherlock held his eyes for a moment, before his eyes danced back to his torso. When they landed back on John’s, something in John’s stomach flipped. “You look good,” Sherlock said in his low, rumbly voice, and John felt himself flush.
“Where’s the medicine, Sherlock?” John asked, willing his voice to stay steady.
“…but unfortunately, as much as you deserve it, you don’t get a lie-in tomorrow, so I think it’s bed time – for all of you,” there were assorted groans and protests at this, but Lestrade insisted and in a few moments, the foyer was almost clear of people.
” but John nearly cut out mid-word as he saw Sherlock begin to move.
His gaze was drawn to the cluster of his teammates chatting with their friends, girlfriends, whoever, as he put his gum shield away. He watched them laugh, watched one of the girls lay a hand on the upper arm of one of the boys. He had brought up the subject of that match with Jeannette, hoping she would express an interest in coming to see him play, but she had simply replied with details of her own hockey match – miles away and ending late. So that had been the end of that. Even Mike had had some supporters show up, a few girls he had become friendly with, some other friends John knew, some he didn’t.
“The side of dad’s face was lit up and he turned to see what by, still smiling, and I remember each muscle in his face going slack and then tightening into something terrified and terrifying.
“Yeah, I gathered that from Instagram. Why?”
“It could be that M knows I’ve infiltrated Shelley, so they’re lying low, or have moved their experiments elsewhere - where are you going?”
“That won’t be a problem for you,” Sherlock said seriously.
“Very well, thank you, Mrs Hudson,” John returned, smiling at the woman. She looked as if she’d been up for hours, and it struck John only then that he had no clue what the time was. He could have slept for days for all he knew. “How about you?”
John turned around to pay for the hat, and Sherlock stood still. The thought that he may have had to buy John a Christmas present hadn’t even crossed his mind –
“Okay,” John said, wanting to scream. “Why did you assume I was bi?”
“Oh,” Mike said conspiratorially. “I get it,” he nodded seriously. “You’re not together.”
John frowned, but had no time to ask any of the thousands of questions perched on the tip of his tongue before Sherlock strode out of the kitchen, saying, “Coming, John?”
He called home every Sunday, had been promoted in army, was just about staying on top of work, came back from every rugby session sweaty and aching, his mum had a new job, and he had even helped his roommate with a few of his hare-brained experiments a few times. Harry had loved the painting, which had turned out to be a vivid pop-art style piece featuring a black stiletto on a light blue background dotted with red, and John had to admit that it had looked rather striking in the picture she had texted him of it mounted on the wall above her bed. The weather was dropping by degrees each day and the half-term holiday was just around the corner.
In the line for ravioli, John’s mind was scattered. It was nice to be back at school, like putting on an old hoodie that used to itch but had now been worn to softness. The dining hall was just as vibrant and full of noise as it had been on John’s first night here. He glanced at Sherlock. How far away that time felt now.
John laughed drily.
Look at me, John. John, look at me.
“Hey, dad,” John began, kneeling down where he liked to imagine his father’s sock-clad toes were. On Christmas Days when he was little, he and Harry used to wake their parents at the crack of dawn by tickling their feet. Harry, of course, refused to go anywhere near
Tom requested to have ‘words in private’ with Sherlock’s father. Mrs Hudson persuaded Sherlock to help her with making dinner, but even so, Sherlock saw his father walk quietly past the kitchen door and upstairs, and he saw the taser in his hand.
John almost smirked at Sherlock’s fumbling insistence. He wanted to hug him. He did not. He had to try to get this conversation back on track. “Thank you,” he said. “But still. I can’t accept one of your offers.”
for memes n updates n shit.
not, I’m just not interested.” The man’s face fell. He looked as if there was a foul taste in his mouth. He reached into a drawer in one of the desks and pulled out a manila file, opened it, and scanned the pages within.
“If you like, yeah, I am.”
“Friend?” Mycroft snorted incredulously. “How interesting.” He regarded John with something akin to pity. “Come along, Sherlock,” he resumed after a moment. “Let us leave John to his business.”
everything has been fine?” John said. Something about Anderson’s story felt off.
“What felt like decades later, this nurse came up to us and told us that we could go see him. So we went down all these corridors until we got to Sherlock. He looked pretty much the same as he had on the rooftop, but now he had all these tubes sticking in him and he was wearing a hospital gown. The doctor told us that he’d contracted hypothermia, and he’d been unconscious for about two hours when I’d found him. He told us that, judging by the amount in his system, he’d almost overdosed on cocaine. At that point, I had to sit down on that not-quite plastic hospital floor for a second.
, and there had been a charity marathon through the village the weekend just past, and she had not yet been given any tape for her injury, so
He was thinking about the encounter with the woman in Victor’s flat. He was thinking about whispers he had heard in the treatment centre, on web forums, whispers about a Prophet and liberation and
“Obviously,” Sherlock replied sarcastically, and John thought for a moment that Sherlock had heard his conversation and his heart jumped, and he wasn’t sure why. But there was no trace of it in the line of the boy’s shoulders as he moved across the room behind him to set his violin down and fiddle with an ongoing experiment, and John turned back to the laptop.
Sherlock pushed those thoughts away, down, out of sight.
friend, I am asking you to eat,” he continued softly, nudging the second plate towards him. Sherlock met his eyes for a fleeting moment, before hesitantly picking up the sandwich.
He sat down next to him.
“A very specific brand of underwear, better eyebrows than most women, product in his hair,”
Sherlock looked up at him from the floor, a little confused. After a moment, he stood up and picked up the eye patch from the sofa, putting it on.
Forty two.
“Aren’t you – ” Sherlock began.
I know it’s not as momentous as John and Sherlock finally getting their shit together, but there has been another sneaky gift for you in the works for a couple of months which I am thrilled to finally get to share with you all and which I have been (rather unsuccessfully) teasing on
“Shut up, you do,” John insisted.
“Did you read that letter yesterday from school?” Mike asked.
John sighed. “It has taken me three days to get you here, a personal best for me, so the least you can do is humour me. Please?”
“My bracelet? Get off!” Eliza demanded.
John watched the car pull out into the road, the tinted windows glinting in the weak sunlight.
“Us and Tadpole,” Sally replied, then corrected herself upon seeing John’s confusion. “Percy, us and Percy. We’d just come in from a walk, and Percy was coming to get a drink, and we all walked into the common room at the same time, and there he was, just…”
Sherlock had competed in the senior fifty metres breaststroke, and John had nearly fallen over the railing as he cheered for him. He again came second, as was expected – the winner was a sports prefect from the year above – and again, Doyle was audibly delighted.
Things come back.
He swallowed.
John nodded, as if confirming something. Then he stood a little straighter, and Sherlock found himself working out the likely amount of time before John got promoted in the CCF.
“No, I-”
“Oh,” John said. “Well, the underside of your chin and your neck and a bit of your chest. I mean, if that’s okay? Because if you’re not okay with it I don’t have to – ”
at break,” John replied. “I haven’t looked at it yet, I wanted to wait until you were with me,”
“I think I’m… finished,” John said emphatically, typing the final full stop of his piece for the
“What, to help you woo your three counties?” Sherlock said playfully, but immediately after it had left his mouth, John felt him tense, as if he hadn’t meant to say it. John couldn’t think why – it was a joke about Three Counties Watson, from the time they’d played
They sat in silence for a moment. Sherlock concentrated on his heart rate, his vision. He knew the physiological effects of being drunk, and after last night he would have been able to recognise the physical feeling of tipsiness, but couldn’t feel anything as of yet.
“Bye, mu- oh. Nice. Hang up on your son, then. Jesus.”
He and Sherlock were lying side by side in a bunk bed. There were a myriad of voices outside the room - in the corridor, on the road below. They turned onto their sides, facing one another. Sherlock was humming a tune that John couldn’t place. John lifted his hand from where it was curled against his chest and placed it on Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock closed his eyes, opened his lips, and John slipped two fingers between them. He felt Sherlock’s tongue, felt him suck, but he was somehow still humming.
Sherlock refused to go to lunch with John and refused to eat the bread John brought back for him.
“What? Sorry,” John said, dragging himself out of his thoughts.
He was so undeserving.
He and his family chatted for a little while longer, Sherlock interjecting a remark or two every so often, and then his mother said she had to go and prepare dinner and then it was just him and Harry. They said their goodbyes, not
Lestrade made to return back into his house, but stuck his head back out again and added, “Oh, and nice specs.”
“No.” John pushed him into the room, and quietly made his way to the sink. As he was rather curious about this, and to make sure Sherlock didn’t run away as soon as he left the room, John was intending to stay in the background of the rehearsal with the excuse of doing the mountain of washing up left to fester in the sink.
He breathed a laugh as he reached for it, an idea popping into his head.
“What?”
“Oh.”
The toaster popped, making Sherlock jump a little. John broke the eye contact, turning to attend to breakfast. Sherlock sipped at his water. He was unsure of just how John was intending to help him undo years’ worth of a habit –
“Isn’t that that girl who’s always with Irene Adler?” John whispered to him.
He heard the girls shriek with joy and John laughing and shouting, “Thank you! I’m free! Thank you!”
“Who said I was going to university?”
“So you lived in London?”
The house swimming competition, one of the most irrelevant (according to Mike), was taking place straight after the winter holidays. And someone, somehow, must have got Sherlock to sign up.
Sherlock saw John punch the air and open his mouth in a cry of triumph he couldn’t hear as he felt himself jostled on all sides by the spectators seemingly vibrating with joy.
Sherlock pushed the previous few seconds out of his mind. The lamps’ warmth on his scalp was rather on the hot side of pleasant, but Sherlock trusted John to not do anything risky.
“You’ve still got so much shit in your hair.”
He leant over the banister and, sure enough, Mike was standing in the foyer, smiling up at him.
“It’s too cold to go out just now. But… here’s the roof.”
Sherlock felt a twitch of annoyance. “I have,” he said, and realised he sounded like a child. He persisted. “Muhammad.”
“No, I am disgustingly, revealingly, utterly nude. What is the view from your roof like?”
“Take a seat, Sherlock.”
John shifted his weight to his left leg. He pursed his lips against rising nausea. “Sherlock. Please.”
There was a click. Sherlock and John turned to Mrs Watson.
“I think Golding should have got that,” John whispered to Mike, who was sitting on his left.
“No answer?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock stopped. He sniffed the air.
“This is Sherlock Holmes, John’s…” the stranger seemed to falter.
“What sports do you play, Angelica?”
Got a new cleaner in the mind palace – don’t like their way of tidying much, John.
“Actually, I signed up myself,” Sherlock said breezily.
“Thank you sir,” John replied, trying not to gush.
“That’s what the fight was about,” Sherlock said, more of a statement than a question.
“Exactly as I suspected. John?” John was at his side in an instant. “Look.” He pointed down at the ground. Angelo’s window looked over what must have been Mr Bradstreet’s garden, with its swingset and barbecue and well-tended hedges. Sherlock was indicating a patch of grass at the back of the garden by the fence. The earth looked fresh, as if it had been dug recently.
(See the end of the chapter for
Laughter mixed with cheers broke out in the audience, and he heard Sherlock splutter before he saw the cause. It was Anderson, his hairy legs protruding from under the red skirt of his dress and a face like thunder, along with another similarly-dressed boy, moving forward to flank the boys singing the next verse – “
With shaking hands, Sherlock had put down the bag of heroin. Technically, it had been lighter than when he had picked it up, but it had felt so, so much heavier.
John moved into the cupboard that was more of a small room than a storage space. It was remarkably well organised, thank God. There were shelves upon shelves of paints and dyes alone, and canvases were stacked on one another along one wall, along with easels, fabrics, clay, paper, work books, and all the sharp instruments John could ever imagine, and even some that he couldn’t. He already had a vague idea of what he’d paint Harry – and it was going to be a painting, he didn’t have enough time for anything more elaborate – so, conscious of the seconds ticking away on Sherlock’s expensive watch, he quickly selected what he’d need and stepped out.
Harry and his mother were looking at John with open mouths.
There was a momentary pause in which John thought Sherlock had accidentally recorded a blank file and sent it to him. But then came Sherlock’s voice, low and close to the phone.
, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“Come on, Glen,” Claus groaned. “There must be something on this earth you haven’t done.”
“I see.” Shaking his head in amusement, John settled down to the torture that was chemistry homework.
John turned to Sherlock, grinning. “Happy New Year!”
He shifted the rucksack on his shoulders, trying to avoid the sensitive spot, adjusted the strap of the sports bag across his chest, moved the handle of his suitcase from his right hand to his left, and walked up to the door.
“Oh, thank God,” he breathed as his Sherlock descended into the basement. “You scared the shit out of me. Listen, you need to help me, Muhammad’s been knocked unconscious and I can’t undo these knots. Where’s that man? The one at the door.”
“What?”
“I think he’s finally lost it, mate. I’ve just come back from my history exam. I saw what happened with him in there. Saying something about someone giving him an exam paper full of questions about him. Insane.” Glen shook his head. “So that’s what I think. I think he’s been unhinged this whole time - ”
“You say that a lot.”
meant
“You alright, Percy? You look a little pale,” John asked.
John grinned, obviously taking that for consent. “I’ll be back in a few,” he said, leaving the room. Just before the door closed, he poked his head back in and warned, “Don’t look. I’ll know if you have.”
“Can’t you deduce that?” John said, somewhat regretting the sting his words carried.
He hadn’t looked at Sherlock again, shifting and swallowing when Sherlock had answered his name with a loud “Present, sir.”
His blood ran cold as, instead, he caught a glimpse of a pair of shoes he did not recognise stall and then run back up the stairs. “Shit,” John spat. “Did you see who that was?”
,” a parent reminded. “And say thank you.”
“Wow, I never knew dancing could be that hard,” he said, for something to fill the silence.
“Is Victor?”
“Get a room!” came a shout from the next table. John dropped Sherlock’s hand.
. See you at dinner," he said, pointing at Sherlock. "
He waited, listening to the traffic on the street below. Another thing he’d noticed upon his return: the congestion charge had done fuck all.
He was so busy trying to tidy up in there that he didn’t realise that he’d walked out of the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around his midriff. The knock at the living room door that made him look up was the feeling of eyes on his stomach.
The pasta was rich and hearty, and the salad was crisp. The water was icy, and Sherlock’s cheeks had nearly lost their cold-tinged pink.
“No way, this kind of stuff would have to be ordered in specially.”
,” Glen added. “Want to join?”
“Right. What else have you deleted then?”
) said goodbye to Molly and slipped out of the room.
John leant against the counter while his mother poured him a mugful and handed it to him.
“I’m being serious Sherlock,” Mycroft continued. Anderson stuck out a foot and Sherlock tripped, cursing himself for falling for something so predictable. Anderson's friend laughed at him as he glared up at Anderson. He got to his feet. Anderson stuck his middle finger up at Sherlock before walking away.
And he was not sick.
“Stupid? Sherlock, he’s the one responsible for everyone thinking - ”
“Do you know who it was?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you?” Sherlock’s voice was barely more than a whisper. “It sounds insane.
. John thought of Mycroft, barely in double digits, trying to teach his little brother to speak.
John loved the way Sherlock spoke. His voice was refined by the country air he’d grown up in, each consonant holding the vowels perfectly in place, but it was more than that. It was the way his eyes lit up with humour, how quick they were to take in his surroundings and react to them, how his mouth was never vulgar in its smiles or the way it drew out words that John understood but would never have said. The way he said his name. Something about the roundness of the ‘O’, the way he managed to fit so much into one syllable. Different to how anyone else said it, but in a way that John couldn’t exactly pin down.
, he should have said.
John swallowed and glanced at his friend, walking beside him.
“Okay…?” replied Jamie, frowning up at John.
The younger kids were dancing to the music, jumping and waving their arms. John chuckled.
“It’s not like walking, it’s like sliding on a really well-polished floor in your socks,” John explained, starting to skate backwards as Sherlock advanced. “No – see, you’re picking your feet up and putting them down: try pushing on the ice, if you see what I mean,”
“Hey, did you match your socks and your shirt?”
This seemed to satisfy John, and he nodded. “Hungry? Thirsty?”
So he was almost glad when someone suggested ‘never have I ever’. Almost.
Conversation had been a little forced between them since that afternoon. It felt to John as if they had not only been trying to avoid the elephant in the room; they had been trying to do so while playing Twister with it, and John's arms were beginning to shake with the effort. Now they had two hours to kill. Alone, with nothing to distract them from the events of the day.
“You would get in trouble as well, John, I hope you know that,”
“What is a Dizzee Rascal?”
John was baffled by that, but knew that he wasn't going to get a concrete answer any time soon. He reasoned with himself that if Sherlock didn't seem overly worried, he needn't be either. “So why did you need me?”
His breath caught in his throat as Sherlock pushed up his sleeves.
“You know what I’ve just realised,” John said. “Neither of you have actually seen our room..”
“Answer my question, John,” he said. John yanked the boot off his foot with a little too much force and it went flying out of his hands, nearly knocking over a lamp.
“I’m not thinking about it.”
Lestrade threw a few bits of ham into the frying pan. “I can imagine. Yeah, that should be fine, I’ll email his teachers.”
That is, until he heard his friend contemplating stealing all the forks in the house at which point John had to shout at him for a good three minutes to put the idea out of his head.
He turned over and then he and Sherlock were facing each other and John tried not to think about how intimate this felt.
“Just makes you proud to be English, doesn’t it?” he joked, hand over his heart.
– stood in the corridor that led off to the consultation rooms and, apparently, kitchen.
Sherlock didn’t respond for a moment. “No – why would I?”
Sherlock and John said goodbye to Nadia and Muhammad, and to Molly, who was still a little pink in the cheeks. Sarah gave each of them a kiss on the cheek as she left, and soon it was just them and Lestrade in the foyer.
He could hear Sherlock breathing beside him.
“Because it’s annoying. Simple as that,” John replied. Sherlock huffed. John thought about leaving the conversation there, but before he could stop himself, he continued. “And because what they’re accusing us of is that – an accusation.” Sherlock cocked his head. “Like it’s something to be accused of. A crime. I don’t know,” he sighed. “Can they not just grow up already, Jesus...”
The time was now. There was a case here, and it needed to be dealt with. Not for the girl’s sake, for his own. There was an itching under his skin as he ran down the stairs, not bothering to move for his housemates as they glared at him as he passed, their calls and taunts not even registering.
[in which John finds a yellow disposable camera]
“Christ,” John muttered, reluctantly picking up the jar with two fingers and bringing it back over to the computer for Harry to see.
Muhammad nodded. “Of course.”
“Still think there’s room for improvement?” John asked, and Sherlock could hear the grin in his voice.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” John asked.
His mother only realised that he’d left the house once he’d returned, carrying a bag of shopping and a new haircut.
“After effects of adrenaline,” Sherlock replied, scrutinising his face. After a moment, “You think it’s something else, obviously.”
John had been almost dozing in his seat when the Head Master invited the head of the music department to the podium, but upon hearing those words, he snapped wide awake, and he could feel the school around him doing the same.
“Biology, chemistry, Latin and anthropology.”
growing increasingly frustrated as his roommate failed to present himself.
John felt eyes turn to him, alarmed.
“God, I’m so sorry,” John said when he could just about form a sentence again. “I’m so sorry.”
“Sherlock?”
Mike interrupted his thoughts. “Alright then, John?”
John cleared his throat and said with great precision, “Punk-kin.”
“No,” Sherlock replied, and John thought his tone was a tad sulkier than was strictly necessary.
The crowd fell silent.
Oh. How much of that did he say aloud?
The doorbell rang again. “Hold that thought,” John said, getting up.
So he didn’t realise that John had risen from his seat on the floor and was standing beside him until the last quavering notes had faded out into the air above them. John leant on the windowsill and looked out into the world beyond. Sherlock laid his violin on his desk and joined him.
John opened his mouth, but Sherlock butted in. “Nope,” he repeated. “Our deepest apologies, Lestrade.”
,” Habiba whispered.
“Bored,” he declared now, making sure John could hear him from the waiting room, where Sherlock could just see him arranging some leaflets about chlamydia.
“Voilà yourself,” John said, offering the mug to Sherlock.
There was no change on the girl’s face. John’s smile faded. This was going nowhere.
“Oh,” she said, starting and moving to find a microscope. “Yes, of course, I’ll see what I can do.”
“Who in Bedfordshire?” Eric asked.
“Jamie Lancaster,” the boy greeted him.
John was walking back from his last lesson of the day – maths, located in the building furthest from Doyle – when he rounded a corner and nearly collided with the boy, who was coming from the opposite direction.
“Yeah, but…” John floundered, trying to put into words something that he’d never had to put into words before. It was simply assumed that practically the entire school would be there supporting someone or other, even the girls, who had had their house hockey competition couple of days previously.  John had gone to watch Jeannette play, but her house had not been very successful, and so conversation afterwards hadn’t been pleasant. They hadn’t fought, exactly – their relationship was still in a grey area anyway, so there wasn’t really anything to fight about – but John doubted whether she would support Doyle or someone else. He hadn’t even spoken to her about it. “It would just be nice to have you, that’s all.”
“They were here,” he repeated. “I saw it. All three of them. Hung up. Aflame.”
After a good portion of a Tesco’s chocolate cake had been devoured for dessert, John’s mother and Dave settled on the sofa, Harry and Clara scampering off upstairs before John could try to get them to help him and Sherlock with the washing up, the responsibility of which had ostensibly fallen upon them somehow.
Molly was right. When John got back to room twenty one after his first two lessons, Sherlock was in a colossal sulk. His moodiness was radiating from the room. The lanky creature was pacing, up and down, up and down, and John had to dodge around him to get to his side of the room.
“Why’s he texting you?”
“Aw. Shame.”
It would have been so easy to decline. To find an excuse. But the old guilt about just how easily he had adjusted to his new life, how easily he had severed old ties, tugged at him.
Finally, John managed to get himself under control, and Sherlock felt as if he were fizzing, and it was probably a combination of the cold and the sugar.
“Because then it’d be a…” Sherlock looked at John disapprovingly.
“Your sister’s birthday present,” Sherlock said absently, rifling through the debris on his desk, looking for something.
“It’s only been ten minutes,” Sherlock replied.
I know I say this every single chapter, but I really do intend to update more often now. I found this chapter a little tricky, which is partly why it took so long.
“Really? They’re probably so dirty,” John protested.
“Okay,” he said. “Um. Bye, then.”
His phone buzzed in his pocket. Gregson was looking at some papers on his lap, so John slid his hand into his pocket. He inched the phone out just enough to be able to check the screen - it was a text from Mary.
“So would I.”
“Well, go find him,” Lestrade instructed, coming over and passing another bottle to him. “He’s due a beer for that crap he pulled this evening, I think.”
The secretary avoided his eyes and made sure not to touch him when handing him work.
“Fine…” He conceded, and a great cheer went up, attracting the attention of the year nines who had been playing pool in the corner.
His friend didn’t so much as look at him, so John was about to change the subject when Sherlock replied.
Later that night, John was sitting on his bed, replying to a various congratulations from his friends in other houses. He realised he hadn’t yet told his family, so he took a picture of the certificate that he had just Blu-tacked to the wall above his bed and texted it to his mother.
“I don’t have friends,” Sherlock said, almost automatically.
He exhaled once and put his gum shield into his mouth.
“Come on, let’s go, you can have some water when we get home, wash the taste away,” John said, laughing at his friend.
It was quiet. He was in a short hallway littered with shoes and umbrellas. The corridor opened, as Sherlock had said it would, onto what seemed to be a utility room. A washing machine was on, and its rhythmic thudding matched the rush of blood in John’s ears. There were two other doors leading out of the room, and John opened the one on the right, as per his instructions.
“You know Seb’s trying to apply for head of CCF,” he said, trying to catch her eye.
Sherlock had dreamt of John many times since he’d met him. The dreams had become more and more frequent in recent weeks, and he wasn’t sure if that was a sign that John had achieved some sort of permanence in his unconscious, or if it was simply do with the fact that they spent so much time together, but, either way, it was… comforting. Someone waiting for him when he closed his eyes as when he opened them.
“Incense?”
“Fine. Why?”
John took a deep breath and changed the subject. “You said yesterday that you’re not doing rugby this term,”
Sherlock turned and looked at John.
John wasn’t really sure what to say to that, so he changed the subject. “I’ve heard a lot about you as well.”
John knew he was in danger of falling asleep if he remained in the patch of his own body heat for much longer, so he agreed to the latter, and before he knew it, he and Sarah were walking – hand in hand – to nowhere in particular.
Sherlock gave John his best
“Keep your voice down,” Sherlock hissed. “Will you wake up Raz?”
In truth, John could never eat when his family was fighting. His throat would barely admit oxygen, let alone anything solid.
There was a pause.
“But think of all the labs and libraries you’d have access to – legally, as well! All the resources without having to hack into them! And you couldn’t learn everything from books, don’t be stupid.”
,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. “Your entire maths class would know of our illicit arguments about the weather.”
The weak sunlight lay dappled on the path. Birds sang in the trees, just beginning to sprout tiny green buds again after the long winter. Their shoes scuffed through last summer’s leaves.
“Sherlock, help me,” John repeated. When his friend still did nothing, John began to get angry. “Sherlock, what the hell are you doing? We need to get Muhammad out of here.”
“Not bad,” Sherlock’s voice rumbled next to him.
The door to the office opened to reveal the same man who had come for Molly, but this time, he was holding a living boy by the scruff of his jumper. The boy’s jaw was set and his tie was askew.
Anyway, HERE, HAVE SOME (kind of ish) DOMESTICITY
. John had to admit that yellow suited Sarah – she was glowing. But that could have just been the reflection from her t-shirt.
“Aren’t you?”
“Sodium.”
“Okay,” John whispered as he heard Mycroft’s voice begin to murmur from the phone. “Bye.”
Sherlock felt sick.
“Is that Lestrade?” John exclaimed, and Sherlock shushed him.
John glanced at Percy, who looked as if he was about to cry; at Anderson, who folded his arms; and at Sally, who looked as if she was fighting to hold her tongue. He gave an apologetic look to all three, then joined his friend, who was currently peering in one of the corpse’s ears.
Well, we made it, folks. 7 years, 42 chapters. Now /that’s/ how you do a slow burn.
“What’s that?”
“Anyway,” John said, “I can’t tell Ella, you made that perfectly clear, so I will just have to pick from my tasting platter of coping methods until this is all over.”
“From the way he’s checking his phone, I’d say an affair came to light. Check the local news tomorrow.”
so slowly, all the blood drained from Sherlock’s body, out through his fingertips, trickling from under his nails. When John gasped his name, the boy turned around, and his eyes were wide and unblinking and their irises were the colour of a sky before snow, and blood welled up like tears and spilled from their corners.
There was a suspenseful moment in which he could feel eyes upon his face, and he thanked his stars Sherlock wasn’t there or the entire game would have been over in thirty seconds.
“Well, I
Mycroft gazed at him levelly, not responding.
“Yeah, it’s more ceremonial,” John explained, running his hands down his front. “Team photos, big matches, things like that. I think I’ve only worn it once or twice before. I like it though, makes me feel all proper,” and he flashed one of those smiles of his.
The front door opened and Sherlock’s reverie was broken. He picked up the plates and shut the cupboard doors, busying himself with arranging the crockery on the table.
Sherlock and John looked at each other. It was Lestrade, John had come to know his heavy, steady gait. Sherlock’s pupils were still abnormal, and he’d get expelled if he was caught. John was pretty sure Sherlock wouldn’t care if that happened – in fact, he’d probably be over the moon – but John was also pretty sure that Sherlock, while a genius in many areas, possessed extraordinary idiocy in others, especially areas concerning his own wellbeing. That was John’s department.
“Yes, of course,” Mrs Watson said, obviously pleased that John finally had a bona fide friend-from-school, tangible proof that her son hadn’t spent the last month and half alone, crying himself to sleep with only binomial distribution for company. “Dinner’s in about two minutes.”
Sherlock cocked his head. “Did I what?”
Sherlock looked at him. His face was turned to the heavens, open in awe.
“What am I looking at?” John asked quietly.
. He was thinking about thick legal documents uploaded illegally to unlisted websites, ones that used long words and sub-sub-sub-clauses to bury the hatred behind the conditions under which his existence had now been forced. He was thinking about duty.
He went back to scrolling through the weather – the current disappointing low pressure system was set to stay, it seemed – until the continued sound of John not putting away the equipment had reached a suitable pitch to make him raise his head.
“And did she come?” Vlad said, smirking.
that he had just put some on when whoever… whoever took him came into the room.” Her voice wavered only slightly, before swallowing her emotions. John was impressed. If it was Harry who had gone missing, he would have been in pieces by now. There were a few moments of silence as Sherlock replaced the moisturiser and the others reflected on the situation. John replayed what Nadia had said earlier and something caught his attention.
“Uh, Sherlock?”
“Good night, boys?”
Sherlock gave John a look as if to say, ‘
“Yes.”
“More than ever.”
There was a pause.
Sherlock opened his eyes to see John standing next to him with two glasses of water in his hands.
“Because you were, just now.”
“I’m going after Angelo,” Sally said.
“As long as I get to approve your music choice for the evening,” Sherlock conceded, and Viola smiled like a snake would at a rodent.
“I’m sorry! I’m sorry. I didn’t want to go to them anymore.”
Sherlock gave him a look that aptly conveyed his surprise at John having listened earlier. “Yes. My grandmother’s first daughter. Then we have Bastian and Lachlan, the twins. Sons of a man I’m sure Viola’s had an affair with more than once, James, but they’re not staying overnight, luckily. And lastly there’s Francesca, one of Talia’s kids. Age range is eight to ten.”
The minutes felt like decades, and Sherlock wanted to crouch down and put his head between his knees.
John’s stomach flipped. “Sherlock, what’s going on? Are you okay? Where - ?”
Over the years, Sherlock came to realise that Irene Adler, forever The Woman to him, was more powerful than he could ever have envisioned. Her varnished talons reached far beyond the head of the music department, and would come to close around the highest offices of the land, Sherlock felt sure, far sooner than anyone would like to imagine. Her motives for what she did were still elusive to him; even hacking into the school records had shone no light onto her background. Simply a name, her name, and a screen of blank space. Her past remained an aphotic corner in his mind. Perhaps it was just because she could. Perhaps she had a different reason. But Sherlock would never know it, and that infuriated and frustrated and fascinated and scared him more than he would ever show.
“Sherlock. Calm down. You’ve worked yourself into a proper tizz.”
“But you can still look forward to seeing someone in a swim suit,” Mike joked, and John laughed and didn’t reply. The conversation was beginning to annoy him.
“Hello, John,” he said without turning around.
John snorted, and Sherlock felt himself dissolve. They both erupted into ugly, eye-watering, undignified laughter, letting go of wherever they had been gripping each other and covering their mouths with their hands. Even though next to nothing made sense in the laughter and the warmth and the fizzing in his veins, Sherlock knew that John was so close to him that he could feel his heat, radiant and golden.
“All right. See you tonight, then.”
THREE WEEKS EARLIER
“Hello? John? What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
He opened it up.
“Thanks for playing my, uh, waltz. Earlier.”
“Not what I meant,” Sherlock said absently, flicking through some papers.
John was muttering something to Sherlock, and Harry watched the other boy exhale a laugh.
John felt his knees give way as people swarmed around Sherlock’s body. His mother’s voice was in his ear, he could smell her, could feel his sister’s small, stoic hands supporting him and John could hear his own words now, muffled in his mother’s chest. “He’s my friend,” he was mumbling. “He’s my friend. He’s my friend.”
. He went to the door and retrieved his desk chair. He sat at his desk. He took one look at his revision and knew he would not be able to focus on anything for the rest of the night. He also knew Sherlock would know if he tried to pretend. So he got up again, shut his books. Went to his bed. Put distance between Sherlock and John’s heart, still beating just a tad too fast. “Tell me about you and ballet, then,” he said, climbing up the ladder. When he looked down, Sherlock was still standing where John had left him. Something about the droop of his shoulders made John startle, but then Sherlock was moving back to the window. He opened it. The cool, sweet evening air blew in, and only then did John realise how hot he had become.
“Nah, Smith says ‘cos you’re late, you can be on cleaning duty today,” replied Jamie, grinning smugly. “So I get to sit here all afternoon while you get to mop!”
“You didn’t tell me that!”
Fifty six.
“But Victor isn’t here to stash him in his basement like he did with Muhammad.” Fear flashed through John. “Is he?”
“You already are playing. And if you quit, you’ll just have to live with knowing that you were outsmarted.” A pause. A ray of sunlight slipped into the room, cutting a bright gash across the water. “Good luck, Sherlock, and have a nice Sunday. Ta-ta for now. John, you can take that thing - ” John looked up, eyes wide. His voice cracked. “I can take this thing off, now, Sherlock, he’s gone!”
His phone didn’t stop ringing for the next two hours, but Sherlock paid it no attention as he kept a long vigil on the rooftop of the house opposite the village police station, making half-hearted notes as to who entered and exited the building. While it was a menial task, it just about kept his mind busy and neatly avoided the gaping maw of boredom that endlessly threatened to swallow him whole.
“Since year eleven?”
“Oh, also, about those fucking bugs in the fridge - ”
So despite everything, he found sleep tempting him early that night. But he resisted it. Sherlock was pacing again, sometimes muttering to himself, sometimes writing on the wall again.
“So, yes, well done everyone,” the man concluded. “And now it’s off to bed – no lie-in tomorrow, I’m afraid. The blessings of Saturday school, eh?”
A shiver gripped his body and he tucked his toes under the duvet, before remembering that Sherlock didn’t have any socks on, and if his own feet were chilly, then Sherlock’s would be hypothermic.
He put the phone to his ear.
“So what are all those posh girls like in bed?”
“Yes, ‘oh’ is right, John. ‘Dear Mrs Watson, we are writing to enquire about your son, John Watson’s, recent absences from his meetings with his psychiatrist, Ella Thompson.’ ”
His phone buzzed again.
“I tried to just walk out, but he got up and was all like, are you okay? Do you need anything? And I was like, I’m fine, I’m fine, but he was having none of it and he sat me down and gave me a tissue.”
“Mm,” Sherlock replied, taking the tea from her.
“Mum, is it okay if Sherlock stays the night?” John could feel a questioning glance from Sherlock upon the side of his head, but did not turn around to answer it.
Eighteen.
…” she set the cake down in front of him and turned on her camera.
John was avoiding the gaze of his maths teacher. So far, he had only been called on to answer a question once, and was currently concentrating on making himself as small and inconspicuous as possible. He could feel his phone vibrating every so often, but decided against running the risk again. He knew Sherlock would sulk at him later for it, but John decided he could bare it.
“Are you looking out the window?”
“You look tired, John.”
“The kids have a Guinea pig as well,” Anderson replied. “Ridiculous, if you ask me.”
“Like, longer?”
As the head of the art department, a white-haired woman with green horn-rimmed glasses, made her way to the podium, silence fell over the hall, which was almost full. Sherlock and John stood by the edge, and Sherlock watched the way his friend stood a little straighter as she began to speak.
They had a quick conversation with the others. Anderson and Sally had taken a look over the dog themselves, but had also turned up nothing. Just as they were deciding what to do, they heard the door to the house open.
“I’m not.”
John felt himself smirk, despite everything. “And by ‘we’, you mean me, right?”
“I can’t believe it,” John whispered as the overall best house was announced – it wasn’t Doyle, but Sherlock didn’t care.
“Too clever.”
He had noticed recently that when he made plans for the immediate future –
He had turned all the lights off, in some vain hope of trying to coax Sherlock towards sleep, so he couldn’t see much as his eyes wandered around the room. The lines of the bedframes stretching away from him on either side towards the corridor wall, the wardrobes, the chests of drawers, the door. The desks underneath the beds, Sherlock’s covered in a jumble of science equipment – the long, arching neck of a microscope stood out in the dark, as did the elegant curves of his violin. John realised Sherlock hadn’t played in nearly two days.
Sherlock smiled. “Your family will be very proud.”
But the car had only slowed to let someone cross the road. It moved away again and John felt himself deflate.
He left his drink where it was and closed the door quietly on his way out, and saw a small boy clutching a metal crutch standing by the reception desk.
“Yeah, but we all knew about you,” Glen moaned.
“Are you sure he’s not…?” ventured Claus.
“The vending machines are at the sports hall, right?”
John sighed. “Never mind.” He began getting to his feet and tried not to smile at how quickly Sherlock reached out to help him. “We’d better get going.”
“Hi,” John could see the brown-ginger hair of Molly directly in front of him, and, to John’s surprise, Mike, at the front on the left. John hadn’t spotted him before. Their teacher was standing at the front of the old lab, rubbing his hands together.
“What, then? I saved this for you, you know, this stuff is valuable,” Victor demanded.
“Anyway. We tried ringing the number that texted you and nothing. And when I asked, Muhammad said Carl was beloved by all, so our motivation is some twisted killed-for-love deal. We presume that the killer took Carl’s shoes - why? To get you hooked on the case? They must know that when you can’t solve a problem you’ll die trying - ” Sherlock shot him a look. “Sorry, bad choice of words. And then there’s Richie. He seems to not know a thing about what happened at the pool - maybe someone made an AI thing that imitated his voice?”
“Breaking and entering,” Sherlock explained. “I was only in custody overnight because I was a very small fifteen year old who could – and still can, by the way – cry on cue, and who had only picked old Mr Davis’ locks because I thought I heard his dog howling in distress and who was very sorry and who had definitely not stolen his Viagra because he was a racist bastard.”
The day was crisp, and the air felt thin with winter.
“Uh-huh,” John replied. “You’re going to be in trouble if you don’t.”
“You’re going to help me anyway? Even though I didn’t comply with your deal?” asked Sherlock, incredulously.
Fun fact: this chapter was inspired by my own experience of the past two weeks being ill as shit.
Sherlock reached for the mug and put it to his nose. He frowned.
Sherlock smiled a little. “See you.”
“Yes, please,” Sherlock didn’t usually feel the cold, but perhaps it was just having had come out of a hot shower that was making him shiver a little.
“Yeah, ice, colder and harder than you thought, right?” John asked, extending a hand. Sherlock glared at him but took the proffered help.
“Still bitter about your near-amputation, I see,” John remarked, trailing off as his phone began to vibrate in his pocket. He put it to his ear. “Hi, Sherlock.”
Sherlock smirked as her jaw dropped, as the Head’s face purpled with rage, as their voices raised.
“About a day, twenty-four hours. But you’d pass out after twelve.” He replied. He watched John’s eyes flick between the paper and his body for a bit, the feeling of his friend’s eyes on his bare chest no longer as exposing as it had been when he had first undressed.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he hissed, pulling the garment off hastily.
John grinned. “Ah, you got me. I was hoping it was going to be a surprise until the last minute. Come on,” and beckoned.
“Anyway, all we’re saying is, you’re not in a minority,” Mike said.
“It’s a three patch problem,” his friend replied.
He looked awful – there was mud streaked down his back, and he was pale. He seemed a little dazed, blinking slowly.
The plates were kept in a cabinet in the Watson’s dining room on top of which were arranged various ornaments and framed photographs, and as Sherlock crouched in front of its open doors, his eyes were level with them.
John wasn’t really in the mood for this. He had been travelling all afternoon and he was tired and hungry.
“Sholtos’,” John replied shortly.
“Oh,” John said.
Mike cocked his head to one side, thinking. He opened his mouth to speak, but a sudden furrow appeared between his brows. He blinked at John again. “Hold on. Why are you asking?”
They jogged through back-alleys and residential areas, avoiding populated streets. The black bile was beginning to dribble through Sherlock’s fingers.
“Going home
“Almost definitely, if the next ten minutes play out the way I think they will,” his friend replied.
Glen laughed. “You’re just scared you’ve been strung along like the rest of us. You thought you knew him better than we do? You thought - ”
“Sherlock! What is wrong with you?” John’s face was angry, covering up his concern. Sherlock could see that. Angry about what? He hadn’t said anything. Or did he – did he say something? Victor had told him once that he couldn’t control his mouth when he was high. He’d just been deducing, but that was involuntary – did he say it aloud? Oh.
It took John and Louis a few moments, but they eventually managed to pull Sherlock off his bed. The boys collapsed on the floor, Sherlock trying his best to look annoyed and fight the grin that John could see pulling at his cheeks.
He put it on at the last minute, and John’s smile when he saw it was all either boy said about it.
With the eyes of a cinema full of people on his back, Sherlock walked out of the room. With the eyes of the starlets in the movie posters on his back, Sherlock walked out of the corridor. With his own eyes upon his face, Sherlock stood in front of the mirror in the bathroom.
as well, whether rational or irrational I can't quite decide yet."
Bonne nuit, John.”
“He’s tried to cover it up by wearing a higher collar than usual, see how he keeps adjusting it, and how the ginger one keeps looking at it?”
John thought cynically.
John turned, looking for the source of Lestrade’s voice. He leant over the banister of Doyle’s staircase, and saw Lestrade looking up at him holding a package.
“Oh, well – “ John stopped, halted by thuds directly above them – Mrs Watson’s bedroom. She was moving about. “We should clear up.”
“P… p…”
John sighed. He dumped his bag, coat and shoes in the hallway and rolled up his sleeves.
“Can’t get to the hole if I’m wearing a colla-” he began to explain, but was cut off by a coughing fit, drops of the bile flecking his hand as he covered his mouth.
His eyes had been drifting, unfocused, about the room, and had settled unseeingly on his roommate, still on the floor. Sherlock’s hunched shoulders seemed to sum up the best part of the past week pretty succinctly, and John remembered suddenly that he’d completely forgotten his drawings in all the stagnant chaos. His sketchpad was on his desk, and he leaned over the side of his bed to get it, squishing his insides and feeling all his blood rush to his head.
are. You are, Sherlock.”
“To Lestrade’s,” Eric said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “He always does this, a beer for the sixth form after a house event. Never announces it or anything, we just tip up and he happily provides.”
John looked up, looking at him strangely. “It’s been an hour and a half…” Sherlock raised his wrist to check his watch, but John swatted at his arm. “Hey, don’t move,” he chided.
“Okay,” John said, and Sherlock heard the door of the laundry room shut behind him as he left.
The lowest branch was a good two metres from the ground, so Sherlock swung from it with his hands before dropping silently. John did the same and stumbled a bit on the landing, but as long as all of his bones were still intact, he didn’t care how much like a sack of potatoes he looked next to his ninja of a roommate.
Once the teachers had passed, Sherlock made his way over to John, a smirk pulling at his mouth.
He fixed his gaze on the doors he’d come through. Come on, come on…
“Sherlock?”
He ran back to room twenty-one, praying that his heavy footfall didn’t wake anyone. Sherlock’s phone was in his coat pocket – there was a brief moment of panic –
“Yeah,” John replied, putting a hand on the door. “Well. I was on the fence about coming or not but I think I’m going to give it a miss. Think too much movement might make me throw up, to be honest.”
The following Tuesday, John was walking out of Dr Day’s classroom after the Herald meeting when he heard a voice call his name. He turned to see Kitty Riley sitting on a desk. She beckoned him over with a finger; he complied.
Sherlock had nothing to say.
“We've spoken about this.” She reminded him. "When irrational fears come up, we can ground ourselves and remember that's all they are. Irrational."
John’s heart sputtered back to life. He hadn’t known it had stopped and he nearly flinched from the force of it. Relief and gratitude washed through him, dizzying.
Sherlock woke with a start. He was lying on the floor of his and John’s room. He shivered - the window was still open. His arms - skin pale, almost blue - were covered with goosebumps. He unfurled himself and sat up. And then he remembered John leaving - John shouting at him - Sherlock shouting back - and he shivered again.
“Don’t be sorry,” John dismissed. “Christ knows that kid’s a prick, but Sherlock’s going to be mature and still help, isn’t he?” the last question was directed at his friend, who sighed.
John did as she said, slipping his arms into the sleeves and shifting and adjusting the coat until it felt just right. It was fitted and John could tell it would be perfectly cosy during the winter, the cotton durable and long-lasting.
“Fantastic,” drawled Sherlock.
but throughout the previous hour, John’s phone had lain still against his thigh.
Sherlock wondered if John could still taste the nuts, as Sherlock could. Just.
“Why? They just want to help you,”
Everything as usual. Nothing different that night to any other.
“She was, actually,” John replied, relishing the look of respect that earnt him. “For ten months.”
“Mycroft probably already knows what we’re doing anyway.”
“Christ alive, Sherlock,” John cursed, torn between wanting to laugh and wanting to slap his friend across the face. He went with laughter.
“I’d rather stand.”
“Her and I.”
“Our tutor.” said Sherlock distractedly.
John looked at him for a moment, then – “What?”
“So was it murder or suicide?” Greg whispered to Sherlock over the top of his maths textbook.
“Oh, gorgeous!” John said, stepping back and looking upon his creation. “The blue brings out your eyes.” Those Sherlock rolled, and John laughed.  “I am
Finally, thank you again for sticking by me and by this fic. Your support means the world. I hope you enjoyed the chapter, and I will see you again very soon.
Sherlock turn up at my house last night? What happened?”
Sherlock had started to say, in that posh voice of his, that it was no problem, but John’s mouth had fallen open.
He checked over the rest of the body, but there were no external signs that would indicate what had caused the dog to die. After a few frustrating minutes, John sat up.
“You know the Boscombe game tomorrow?”
“Are you on your phone?”
As he turned around, his mother was stepping through into the kitchen, followed by a man that was so tall he almost had to duck as he came through the doorway. He had the subtle wrinkles of middle age and a large face, his dark hair and dark skin contrasted by the white of his teeth as he smiled, open and friendly.
“Okay,” John said, thinking. “Okay. I’ve got chemistry and then a free, but I’m due in the san for two hours, so you can skive off Latin and come to the san with me sixth period.”
“Yeah, there is,”
“Yeah – or something like fitting, anyway,” Percy agreed, rather breathless from trying to keep up with Sherlock’s pace – John remembered when he had still been unaccustomed to it, and sympathised. “We didn’t want to come and get you at first, Ander- I mean, this kid said he could handle – ”
“Nah,” he concluded lightly after a moment of thought, before returning the violin to its home underneath his pale chin once more.
“Yep – are you going?”
“Well, you did.”
“Of course not, you know I’d rather throw myself off Doyle's roof.” Sherlock retorted.
“Oh,” he said, “sorry, I didn’t - ”
“This is stupid,” Sherlock muttered, and John opened his eyes. Sherlock avoided his gaze and sat next to him, knees up as John’s were, arms curled around them and violin and bow clutched in one hand.
Sherlock didn’t like direct conversations. He thrived off ambiguity, ambivalence. He talked beneath his words, around them, through them. And there was no ambivalence here, not even in a potential joke John could make about Sherlock’s vanity, if he said it was beautiful. And for some reason, for some god damn reason, he couldn’t say it.
John thought.
John blinked up at his friend, at where his eyes were nothing more than pools of darkness. “Would you?”
John turned around. A large man was standing in the doorway between the common room and the kitchen, a satchel across his body and an expression of disbelief and anger on his face. John poked Sherlock, who didn’t react at first, but when he noticed the silence that had descended upon the kitchen, turned around as well.
“Come back tonight.” Irene instructed.
“Is all of what true, Jo?” Sherlock said, mind elsewhere – specifically, in the changing room with John.
to happen and then to discern its
“What?” John asked. “It makes sense. The amount of shit I’ve got into because of you – and I’ve only known you four months – ”
They breathed a collective “oof” as Sherlock collided with John, hands gripping and legs tangling as they staggered and stumbled, trying to catch one another. They nearly toppled over, but froze and wobbled before stabilising. Their eyes met, wide in surprise.
That seemed to be the right response, because Mike grinned at him. “Well, all you need to know is you’re going to be hoarse by the time this is over.”
For the first time in his life, his deductive powers stuttered and coughed and died, leaving him stranded. He did not know anything about this girl before him. Her makeup and hair revealed nothing. Her bare skin was silent. Was he ill? He looked back at the teacher and around the room and – no, he was not ill. The teacher was in her early twenties, had been teaching at the school for three years and had attended the Christening of a nephew two days previously.
John watched Sherlock’s face through the fire, watched as his skin glowed lilac, green, orange.
He turned a corner and felt the street tilt. He looked to his left, up at the hulking church. His eye caught on the gate that led, presumably, to the graveyard, and he remembered – he remembered –
“Yeah,” John breathed. “Just stood up too quick. Barely ate anything at breakfast and it’s been a… morning.” He cleared his throat and forced himself to take his hand off Sherlock’s arm, but Sherlock didn’t let go as he had expected. He dared to make eye contact: Sherlock was frowning infinitesimally. And John realised what he was worrying about. “I don’t feel sick. I’m fine, just need something to eat. Let’s go.”
Sherlock sat up and gave Mycroft a look that John’s mother would have smacked John for if he’d done the same. Sherlock gestured to his entire face. “Apparently
"Don't laugh! It's a serious suggestion!"
He left Sherlock in his kitchen and positioned the vegetable on his front step, the rain having dissipated to a light drizzle. When he returned, Sherlock was still standing in the middle of the room as he’d left him.
Harry and Clara ambled down the quiet street, and it might have been the alcohol, or it might have been her and Clara’s hands brushing together as they walked, but Harry felt rather giddy.
“Well, mister consulting detective, check the side,”
“Stop bragging, for fuck’s sake,” John said, then froze. “Did I say that out loud?”
“That’s why it’s so good to be in a new place. Nobody knows you there, John. You don’t have to tell them anything you don’t want them to know. Anything you want to keep private, it can stay that way. If you don’t mind me asking, how many people do know?”
Sherlock turned to him. “What whole Gavin thing?”
“This is the police, open up!”
“It wasn’t!” Harry exclaimed. “God, I’m not an imbe… imb… I’m not stupid!”
Victor’s house was a ten minute walk from school. The cold air prickled at his skin. Thorns tugged at his coat as he jumped over a hedge. His shoes were slick with dew. He raised his eyes to the sky. It was clear and mostly blank, only a few stars peppered here and there. The moon was rising behind him, making the lines of the football pitch shine brilliant white.
When they entered the assembly hall, over half of the school was already there and the
“John! When I asked you in November if you’d booked your train to come home to see Ella, and you said you didn’t need to – was that, or was that not, a barefaced lie to your mother?”
“Sarah, right?” said Mike.
Sherlock took blood samples from each of the animals, pocketed the vials, and stood up. He seemed to be waiting for someone to say something.
“Did you get it?” Sherlock asked. “It is all there?”
“John Watson, I know,” interjected Sherlock.
“Getting defensive, Johnny, not a good sign.”
“Sherlock. I’m fine. Stop.” When Sherlock’s expression didn’t change, he smiled again and shoved him in the shoulder. “Go set the table, you wally,” And he turned back to the frying pan.
Lestrade addressed the house with his usual, good-natured exasperation, perhaps looking a bit more hallowed than usual, while John struggled to keep his eyes open. Morning registration was hard enough at such an ungodly hour as it was, but when your roommate had refused to let you turn the lights off until he was done burning something in the middle of the floor, the acrid smell of which was still in your hair despite two vigorous washes already that day, and especially when it was Monday, it was hell.
“Why’d he stop?”
deserve you.” John blinked. That wasn’t what he had meant to say. “It,” he corrected himself. “Your kindness.”
“If it’ll get you to stop being so obnoxious,” Sherlock muttered, before throwing himself into the iconic dance with so much zeal that John thought he might knock something over.
Sherlock looked down, eyebrows drawn together. He touched a finger to his nostril. It came away smudged with dark liquid.
Sherlock stood next to John. “Make it look like the King,”
“Mmm, that I do not know.”
The changing room was eerie. Neither boy bothered to turn the lights on – the skylights in the ceiling provided just enough ambient light to get changed in.
. It was said airily enough, but it was not meant in the way it was said.
John mock-cleared his throat. “’Earlier this week, a sixteen year old girl noticed the absence of her brother from their school, which cannot be named for legal reasons. She sought the help of a duo of boys in her year who are renowned throughout the school for their penchant for mysteries, and together they came to the conclusion that the boy, three years the junior of his sister, had been taken from his dormitory and was being held against his will in a house nearby. The boys, sixteen and seventeen years of age, called the police who dealt with the situation. An official police spokesperson made this statement when asked for a comment: “Obviously this case is a very sensitive one, but we can tell you that the boy and his sister are happily reunited and are taking some time off school with their parents. As for the perpetrator, he has been arrested and is no longer a threat to the general public.”’ We’re famous!”
“I’m with her,” Anderson agreed.
“See you in the morning, Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock waited until he had closed the door of Mycroft’s old room before closing his own.
“Oh, that’s good, I won’t get lost, then. I’ve got it too.”
“Go away, Harry.”
His friend narrowed his eyes, then turned back to the road in front of him, expression clear. “Of course,” he said. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
John turned to Sherlock, who was moving towards his bed matter-of-factly, as if he had a claim to it.
“Did you know, I can’t swim?”
“Why? Shall I call back?”
“It’s funny how, in movies, they play the action bits in slow-mo, and you think, oh, that’s a nice cinematic device to get the audience to appreciate the significance of the moment, but they get it spot on. Because just then, I saw every detail and I knew its repercussions and consequences but my body just wouldn’t respond.
Their gazes met and grins blossomed on their faces.
Sherlock, of course, didn’t reply, but John knew that he’d hear eventually. It would just take a while for John’s words to wind their way through the corridors and staircases of his ridiculous mind palace to whichever room Sherlock had locked himself inside.
“She’s not smart enough to do that,” Sherlock said. “No, she must have had help.”
The four boys stood looking at the room.
“C’m in…” came the voice from within, and John cracked open the door. “Oh, it’s you. What is it?”
“Don’t get your knickers in a twist, you know I’m just playing,” Mike dismissed with a jovial grin. “Nah, can’t stand blood. Molly’s much more into all this stuff than me, so she’s doing mine too.”
“They’re smart, they want to be in the police force. It would be useful to have their brains working with ours, don’t you think? Besides, if you were in Donovan’s position, wouldn’t you want to know what was going on?”
John laughed. “It’s not even been a fortnight.”
She was in the year above –
“You know why,” Mr Rahman retorted.
“I don’t want this to change anything,” John was saying, heart hammering his ribs as if it was trying to flee from what it knew was coming. From its own shattering. “Being your friend has been the best thing that has ever happened to me - ” John swallowed against the lump in his throat - “and I don’t want - ”
Sherlock hummed as if John had just said that aloud.
There was a resolute-sounding click and Sherlock pulled open the doors.
John waited for Sherlock to change, by which time most of the house had left the sports centre. When a pale hand pushed open the door of the male changing rooms, John stood up from where he was sitting on a gymnastics bench in the corridor.
Clouds streaked across the pale sky; the air was still.
They both laughed, then Lottie became serious again. “Can I ask you something maybe a bit personal?”
A few days later, Sherlock was sitting in anthropology, half-reading his textbook and half-thinking about amnesia again, when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket.
The frigid air was like a slap to the face, and as he shut the door behind him and heard the car move away, he took a deep breath of it, feeling it chill his insides.
John berated himself.
Richie only nodded to show that he’d heard, but ventured nothing in reply.
“Mm?” Mike said, looking up from his phone.
When John returned, Sherlock was lying on the worn leather sofa, half-dozing. His friend plucked one arm off his chest and placed the hot mug into his palm, and Sherlock heard him sit in one of the nearby chairs and pick up a newspaper. Sherlock opened his eyes and sat up a little to drink, and his eye was caught by the pink paper John held in front of him, obscuring his face.
Anger rose in John like bile. “I’m not really interested in writing this, if I’m honest, Kitty.”
, but Sherlock went to great efforts not to notice.
Those times felt like years ago. And everything was brighter now, clearer. But something was different, all the same. John was his best friend (those words were still new and stiff to Sherlock) and they both knew it. And, when he dared to remember, John had called him his best friend as well. Sherlock had never felt so tied to another human being, the feeling somehow freeing rather than restraining. But all the same, all the same, something was different. Something underneath.
“Yes?”
“When I’m not at school, Mrs Hudson, primarily. She was a good friend of my mother’s and has been our housekeeper for as long as I can remember. My brother pays for my school fees and everything else, so one could say he looks after me too, but from afar.”
Sherlock was sitting at his desk, head in his hands. His desk lamp illuminated a flurry of papers, all littered with the boy’s scrawling hand. John watched his shoulders rise and fall for a few moments, before getting out of bed. He padded softly over to his friend.
“What?” John interrupted. Three pairs of eyes snapped to his. “You’re going to make him wear a dress?”
He took a breath.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and shifted his grip on the plastic bag that held the clothes he had been buried in.
“I know what you mean,” laughed John. “I don’t think anyone fully understands 'em. Almost from another planet, all of them.”
Sherlock lifted the bow from the strings of his violin because he thought he'd heard – yes, there it was again. His name being called from downstairs.
“Don’t bother trying to confront Anderson,” said Sherlock, reading John’s mind before John had even realised the thought was there. “He’s not worth your time.”
“A laboratory, yes. Of sorts. My experiments were getting too complex to do in so small a space as the desk in my bedroom, so I moved all my equipment up here when I was about eleven. It’s worked very well. But this isn’t what I wanted to show you.”
“I play by ear. Mostly. If you play me the song once I will be able to replicate it.”
A word was spray painted on the wall of the garage to the left of the alleyway. Another was spray painted onto the wall of the garage to the right of the alleyway. A third was spray painted onto the back of one of the bike sheds, in the middle of the two others, visible down the alleyway.
Harry and Clara’s laughter floated down the corridor from the living room, almost lost under the sounds of cooking and his mum humming along to the radio.
The room fell silent. After a moment, the music started up – drums, and John was sure he recognised the beat.
“We’re going to have to turn some lights on soon,” John mused. “Do you want something to eat? I kind of fancy some toast…”
she recalled.
art of John drawing Sherlock!
John chuckled as Lestrade disappeared into his house and he and Sherlock resumed their upwards journey.
John lifted a hand in a wave in response, and as he began walking down the street to the main road, he heard the door close, and that was it. He slung his backpack over one shoulder. He was on his way.
“You said your sister wants high heels for her birthday, yes?”
“Yes, but we’re on a very limited time schedule and John speaks too slowly. Now, have you been injured recently – hit in the head, for example?”
“He was a rubbish kisser,” Sherlock deadpanned, and John burst into laughter, attracting stern looks from some police officers but not caring in the slightest.
– but he said, “We can read it when he sets us some questions.”
John turned the bright yellow camera over in his hands. “I’ll go and wake the girls.”
“Oh, thank god you’re here,” Sherlock breathed, and a pale hand grabbed John by his lapels and yanked him inside.
“Harry has cut her hair short,” John declared when he walked through the door of room twenty-one after the half term holiday. “I think she’s discovering that she may be more than a little butch.”
John made a face. “I don’t even want to know how you got that.”
“It’s a surprise,” Sherlock replied, and John was walking behind him so he couldn’t see his facial expression.
Sherlock closed his eyes. They lay in comfortable silence for a long time.
[in which Sherlock has some dead bant]
“Yes, there’s – he’s been injecting but I can’t find the needle right now.”
“I’m in the rugby team. The first team, so that’s pretty good… I’m also in the Combined Cadet Force, which is great… Erm, that’s pretty much it. Jesus, it sounds like nothing's been happening, but I've been so busy you wouldn't even believe, but I can't think of anything interesting to say.”
John laughed a short, bitter laugh.
The whisper came from behind him. John turned around, fighting to control the blood flow to his face. A familiar-looking boy was leaning against a bookcase.
By the time the lower sixth decided to go back upstairs, John knew he was laughing a bit too loudly at jokes that weren’t all that funny, but also knew that Eric was even worse, so he kept an hand on his friend’s arm to stop him wobbling too much.
“Shut up, Sherlock. Now is not the time,” John said, only now noticing the way his friend’s fingers were tapping against his thigh, as if of their own accord. “I don’t understand. Where do you think they are?”
“What was that for?” he asked.
The next day in his chemistry lesson, John could feel Anderson and Sally glaring daggers at the back of his head, and he could only just fight the somewhat smug smile he could feel on his own features.
(See the end of the chapter for
Time trudged on.
He tried not to feel anything about that. Sherlock had promised him, and Sherlock very rarely promised anything, so John knew he’d get it. He sent him a text.
“This is Ovid,” he said, indicating a small shelf filled with old hardbacks. “He’s one of the greatest poets of the ancient world.”
The echoes of their shoes scuffing against the grimy tiles faded away until there was silence between them again.
John hummed. It was rare that Sherlock said something he actually meant, and comments like that were often the tip of the proverbial iceberg – a metaphor John thought particularly suited to his arctic roommate. John had voiced this thought to Sherlock once, and he had responded, “You should meet my brother.” John had argued that he had, and they had bickered before forgetting the conversation entirely. Or pretending to. As was their way.
“I’m such a what, Sherlock? Go on, I’m interested now.”
John considered this. “Maybe I’ll take you then,” he joked.
“I’m trying,” John countered. “I’m not used to having stuff on my face.”
” he sang, his friend next to him joining in. John laughed as his phone vibrated again.
Sherlock had told him to meet him by the bike sheds, and as John made his way over there, he rather detachedly found that his pulse was elevated. Not out of fear – no, his hand was stable as he held it in front of him. After a little digging, he realised it was out of a reserved kind of excitement. And he was more worried that that didn’t worry him than about what Sherlock had called him to.
“I’ve never ridden a horse before.”
The secretary narrowed his eyes, but nodded, and John got up.
was part of this - this
“Are you awake?”
“They were there,” he said, and his voice was small.
“Alright, then,” John said. “I’ll have a good old think, but first let’s down this and you can teach me how to talk dirty in French. Okay?”
They stood in companionable quiet for a moment.
“I was faking!”
“Oh, come on, how many times,” John said wearily. “It’s not
Later that evening, Sherlock, John and the rest of Doyle’s lower sixth were gathered in front of Gregson. John was struggling to pay attention to his monotonous drawl and by the looks of it, so were his friends. Something about university courses, personal statements, prefects… John’s mind was elsewhere. His thoughts flitted between Jeanette, Janine, and Mary, then a rooftop, a pool. Then Victor. He frowned. He didn’t like that thought.
“Oh, yeah, could you -”
“John Hamish Watson,” Sherlock replied sternly, “I know what you meant.”
John groaned, but when Harry got off him, he forced himself upright and followed her into their mother’s bedroom. She was fast asleep, snoring quietly.
“Yeah, yeah, I got it, it’s fine – what now?”
“Nuh-uh,” John interrupted, turning back to Sherlock, “don’t try and change the subject. I want to see you try your suit on.”
Harry woke John on the morning of the twenty-fifth by sitting on him.
Sherlock hummed a reply, too sleepy to say anything else.
But Sherlock did not cross that space. He just watched as John inhaled a deep breath and brought himself back to room twenty-one, closing the door on the memory of that night for now.
Now he was sitting on the end of Sherlock’s bed, soup in one hand and bread in the other.
John had not kissed a boy, and that was even more important.
They sat in silence for a moment.
Mrs Turner threw the coins down onto the counter. “Fuck you,” she growled.
“I know,” said John, after a pause, a little rigidly. Then, softer, barely a whisper, “So do I.”
He returned upstairs to find Clara tying Harry’s wet hair into a plait, both of them sitting on the floor. They both looked much more sober.
“Closest to us are Elijah and Matthew, partners of Talia and Siobhan respectively, who are old friend and colleague to Viola respectively. The men are both sickeningly successfully bankers. Slimy creatures. By that leather sofa are – ”
John looked at him, mouth open in an eager smile. “Really? Could I?” Sherlock nodded. “Now?”
But then it was John and Sholto in the hallway, and Sherlock felt his stomach twist.
The therapist was only a short tube ride from John’s home, and he relished being back in the subterranean tunnels. He loved it. He would much rather take the tube over a car any day; the carriage rattling along, screeching and jarring as it went, was the sound of home, and it was easy to lose himself in the crowds.
…were written on the outside.
It had been a long journey, and an even longer one in his mind, as he had raced through the events of the afternoon time after time after time.
He paused and turned back to her. “
“You want the day off too?” the man put the ham back in the fridge and poked at his omelette-to-be with a spatula. “Don’t we all.”
“Sit back, you can’t breathe curled up,” Sherlock kept pushing until John rocked back into a more natural position, never mind that he kept his knees drawn up in front of his chest, never mind, it was progress.
“Parade!” John snapped his head back around and braced as the commanding officer shouted the order. “Parade… ‘shun!” The perfectly choreographed stamp of heavy boots on the harsh concrete was one of the most satisfying sounds John could think of at that moment, perhaps equal with the rhythm of heavy boots marching in time, but that was to be pondered upon at another time.
He’d had flashbacks before, back when he’d started taking the medication. They had been debilitating then. He pushed away memories of being manhandled onto a gurney, of leather straps, of muzzles.
Mike nodded sagely and sighed. “I’m afraid that this happens a lot, John. A whole lot.” He laughed.
When John had told Sherlock this, the taller boy had nodded solemnly. When John had awkwardly asked what Sherlock was going to do to fill his time – an utterly transparent cover for saying
His plan was flawed, however, in that he was so eager to sleep that he couldn’t. He tossed and turned for what felt like an eternity, before plugging his headphones into his phone and listening to his waltz as a last beacon of hope.
“You’re a liar,” John said through gritted teeth, and he’d worked one knot loose and was throwing the tie onto the ground.
“Do I have - ”
“Super genius – did John say that?” Sherlock asked.
“No, stay there.” Sherlock sounded urgent.
“Lestrade has assigned me to be your buddy for the first few days. This is only his second year here so he's still very keen on impressing the head master with that sort of pastoral care crap.”
Sherlock repeated the entire process in the other mug, until John made a disapproving sound in his throat and shooed Sherlock away in the middle of adding the powder.
“Well remembered, John,” he praised, before stepping aside. “Take your pick.”
John was pleased to find that Sherlock hadn’t used his milk for dubious purposes in his absence; it was still where John had left it, in the fridge. Unfortunately, it was surrounded by tubs of various dead insects, their legs frozen with a combination of rigor mortis and the cold of their storage. Despite himself, John shivered as he manoeuvred his prize away from the bugs, and tried not to think about how close his hand was to the furry legs of a gargantuan spider.
Most of them were, as Sherlock had implied, middle-aged, but glamorously so; dressed much like Sherlock was – elegantly but modestly. The women’s necks, wrists and ears glinted in the low light with jewellery, the men’s deeper voices sounding like whisky and fine cheese. They were what John’s mother would term ‘mingling’ in small clusters, glasses of wine in hand, laughing.
Sherlock ceased pacing and turned to face his roommate with a huff.
Within half an hour, Sherlock was skating around at quite a pace, hands tucked neatly behind his back. John kept at his side, feeling his own confidence grow with Sherlock’s.
“Special mention must go to one of their pupils who… well, you’ll know who they are. All I’ll say is that we hope to see more of them in our neck of the woods from now on.”
“Mycroft. And ‘had.’ They started just before our father left.”
After he’d finished writing it on the parcel, he took a picture of it and sent it to its recipient.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Obviously. I meant which bit of me?”
Now that John had realised what had felt off about their gathering, had noticed the absence that had been growing more and more unusual lately, however, John’s interest in the game waned.
After the presents had been opened and a late, hearty breakfast had been had, John began to move his new things upstairs. He got dressed into his finest Christmas jumper; an ugly, patterned thing that made John almost inappropriately filled with Christmas spirit.
“Yes, sir? Sorry,”
“God almighty, that’s – that’s deep,” Sherlock heard his father mutter.
She came to a stop next to him. John looked up at her, watching her peer at his lap. He met her gaze, knowing (
Jeanette stood, scooping up her books. “See you later, John,” she said, voice low and ambiguous –
– that’s not good enough, Sherlock!” John warned, and Sherlock sighed, then opened his mouth.
Sherlock groaned. “Don’t make me go to lunch,” he pleaded, practically burrowing back into the mattress.
“You okay?”
The pair were driven back to school in the back of a police car, after having given statements and seeing Muhammad off as he was driven to the san and watching the man – Victor Trevor, Sherlock had finally told John – being dumped in the back of a police van, still unconscious, and then staying for a little while longer because Sherlock had found a police officer to bombard with questions and John had found a paramedic to chat to. Then, just as they were about to leave, Victor’s parents came home and both Sherlock and John stayed to enjoy the soap opera dramatics that played out when the police broke the news to Mr and Mrs Trevor that their son was a drug-dealing kidnapper.
Mrs Hudson, sitting to his right, began talking about baking, and John asked her a question about bicarbonate of soda, and it was fifteen minutes later and she had promised to teach him how to make pavlova.
“I don’t have friends.”
“You’re shaking,” he whispered, the first notes of
He sent the photo of Sherlock he'd taken when the boy wasn’t smiling, and considered sending the video as well, but he decided to keep it to himself.
John thought for a second, then leant forward and blew out the candles as the flash of the camera left dancing dots on his retinas.
Harry had to stop herself from widening her eyes in surprise; she had not been expecting such smooth sailing. However, she wasn’t going to question it, so she changed the subject. “Oh, mum, John’s on Skype and says he has something to tell us.”
“Hey, Harry, turn that down, my ears are – ” John began, walking into the kitchen, but stopping in his tracks when he was presented with the sight of his sister and Clara springing apart from each other, looking in completely opposite directions. He didn’t need to think hard to imagine what they’d been doing. “Hi, Harry,” John said, trying to sound as if he hadn’t seen anything suspicious, and prayed Sherlock would do the same, hearing his friend follow him over to the sink.
“I’m fine. But can we cut this short? I can’t look anyone on this rink in the eye again.”
Sherlock hummed again, but there was a change in tone that made John look back to his friend. He opened his mouth to ask what Sherlock had narrowed his eyes at, but Sherlock was taking John’s beer out of his hands and putting it and his own on the piano and putting a hand on his waist and sliding the other into John’s right, and before he could begin to form a protest, John was being pushed into the dancing crowd, feet tripping over one another and his free hand gripping Sherlock’s shoulder to stop himself from falling over backwards.
He greeted Sherlock with a bone-crushing hug, the air audibly leaving his friend’s body.
Sherlock groaned. “We don’t break up for weeks, this is really not necessary.”
Mike had been right, all those weeks ago: John now knew the school like the back of his hand. Not only the layout, but its nonsensical traditions, routines, timings, cliques, slang, loopholes, teachers; the general ebb and flow of St. Bart’s becoming not-unpleasant white noise humming in his ears.
Upon slipping back through the window of room twenty one, Sherlock was struck by a strong sense of déjà vu. He looked across to John’s sleeping figure and realised why: it was on a night almost exactly like this that John had woken up from a nightmare, that they had sat on the floor together for millennia as the earth had revolved around them, waiting for John’s body to stop betraying his mind and bring him back from the edge.
Sherlock’s breathing was slow, regular, almost silent. The house was quiet. The clock ticked in the corridor outside his room.
“Your album ended, and you weren’t responding again, so I just…” John shrugged. “Put something else on. Spotify. I didn’t log you out, though. You don’t mind, do you?”
John felt the brush of Sherlock’s leg against his. He could hear, if he tried very hard, Sherlock breathing. A steady rhythm, slow and deep, a tide pulling John out to sea, pulling him under.
John was handsome. His voice was calm, intelligent. And he had smiled at him.
Mid-note, Sherlock stopped playing. Angelica and John both looked towards him.
“He’s never going to live that down,” Sherlock replied. “I won’t let him.”
Inhale: intercostal muscles move thoracic cavity up and out. Diaphragm contracts. Pressure decreases.
John was stirring spaghetti when his phone rang.
– Sherlock had lost the feeling in his toes, fingers and most of his limbs. It also seemed he had lost all feeling in his head as well. Everything seemed very logical from here on out.
“Stop, you’re exhausting me,” John interrupted, scrubbing a hand over his face.
The bubbling but muffled voices that had been coming from the corridor for the past ten minutes rose up into a bout of laughter and a brief spat of shouting.
John furrowed his brow as he read over those messages. The poem had come an hour and a half after the text wishing John goodnight. It rang a bell in his head – something about an immortal man longing to die and Tennyson, so he copied and pasted the first line into Google.
“Hmm. Am I clever?”
John wanted to rub his hands on his trousers, to scrub them, but he knew they weren’t dirty.
“Jesus Christ, are we on some sort of reconnaissance mission?” John exclaimed, feeling a jolt of nerves.
“’Morning,” replied John, his voice thick with sleep.
, Sherlock thought.
“Hi, mum, what’s up?”
“Now, yeah,” John said, and felt weirdly smug. “London, Essex, and Bedfordshire.”
“Oh, good, it came,” he said, striding over to John and reaching for the package - but John held it out of his reach.
John laughed and slung an arm around Sherlock’s neck. “I think
Food did help. John left the dining hall feeling more appreciative of the warm, firm ground beneath his feet. Sherlock hadn’t eaten much, but he had eaten, and seemed no more nauseous than was growing to be the norm. John allowed himself to breathe and the day progressed.
“I am perfectly capable of doing two things at once,” he said, and John almost didn’t want to continue. Sherlock could certainly be intimidating when he wanted to.
and I can’t believe it and my presents were so shoddy and you – I just can’t believe you would do that for me. Thank you so, so much. But thank you doesn’t even come close to encompassing how much thank you I am feeling right now, Sherlock,”
When the image became more stable again, it was of a reasonably-sized room fitted out for two people. One side clearly belonged to Sherlock, as he was sitting on the messier desk and rubbing what looked like the bow of a violin with a block of rosin, and the other to John – his side was neat, tidy, and Harry recognised his duvet from home and his shoes that were lined up on the floor.
“That is only a possible explanation of some of the facts,” Sherlock replied curtly. “Don’t say anything if you’re going to be boring.”
“Only Latin, sixth,” Sherlock replied, dipping his bread almost daintily in the soup.
“If you don’t mind my asking, why - er, how come -” Mike fumbled.
“In that case, sure.” John reached for the crisps. “Actually, have the whole packet.” He added, throwing the slightly crushed foil bag up to Sherlock.
“Vintage American-style trainers. He took such care to keep them off the floor of the changing room. But they were missing when I went in.”
“Sorry, no, it’s fine, it was my fault,” John was saying.
Poor John.
“You don’t think I overdid it?”
“No - just do as I ask,” Sherlock said, and his voice wavered. “Please. Stay where you are.”
Angelo, when he realised he was the one Sherlock was after, stood a little straighter and John could have sworn he puffed out his chest a little – the kind of masculine posturing John couldn’t stand.
John opened his front door to find the house a mess. Coats on the floor of the hallway, shoes all over the place.
“I went up to the corridor. I tipped out a basket of laundry and stood on it. I pushed on the hatch around a bit until I found the ladder, and pulled it down. I climbed up into the darkness, no idea what I’d find.
“Okay.” John heard him pause, thinking. Then he lowered his voice, already almoat a whisper, and said, “
“Hi mum, it’s me, it’s John. Uh, it’s about two forty-five on Monday. I’ve got a detention tonight for – well, I’ll explain when I see you. Anyway, I’ll be home about six. See you later.”
Mrs Watson said something about making tracks, and the group stepped outside into the cold. A taxi was waiting to take the Watsons back to the hotel John’s mother and sister had stayed in the night before, and Sherlock’s driver was waiting to take him, Anthea and Mycroft on the long drive back to wherever Sherlock called home.
“Oh?” said John, not sure about where the conversation was heading.
,” John cursed.
“For Christ’s sake,” Sherlock spat, pushing past John to stand inches from Eddie, who blanched. “That is literally the worst idea I have ever heard, and I live with
“Wait, you speak French?” he said to Sherlock, who ignored him.
John looked up, saw Sherlock’s expression, and grinned. “Stop laughing at me! I’m still a newbie!”
He took John into a room to do a couple of checks, telling Sherlock to sit on a pew and wait. The sudden space on the left side of his body felt foreign.
Being one of the shortest members of the sixth form, he took his place in the front row. Sixth form, year eleven, year ten, year nine, on raised steps so all could be seen. Musicians in the right hand corner of the front of the stage, their blazers over their dungarees. And all of them in utter darkness. He knew the audience could see little more than dark silhouettes, but he could see each and every face, at least for the first few rows. He knew Sherlock had just slipped silently through the door at the back, barely attracting the attention of the people sitting there. Tried not to think too hard about how he must have been feeling.
“In French?”
“Blue?” said John. “Little boring for you, Sherlock, I’m surprised - oh, no, wait...” he pulled the suit out of the packaging and looked at the lapels. They weren’t matte, like the rest of the blazer, but somewhat shiny, catching the light.
“Mmm. Boarding school, er,
Brief rustling.
“John!” Mike greeted him with a smile. “Where’ve you been all day, mate?”
“Because I know you. You wouldn’t lie to me.”
“I’m - I’m fine.”
, he thought, as he watched Sherlock pacing back and forth in the dark, murmuring under his breath and staring at John’s phone.
They were just about to leave when Pete added, “Oh, by the way, you don’t have any booze we could borrow, do you?”
“Maybe, it depends on money,”
The treatment centre had warned in euphemistic tones of ‘curiosity’ from the living, but Sherlock should have known better. He berated himself for feeling shaken by the woman’s reaction. It was only logical she would have been startled, looking the way he did. But that knowledge didn’t stop him feeling now every glance in his direction as the glare of a spotlight on his bare skin.
“Well, what then?”
“You think he had something to do with God’s disappearance?”
“Sorry to break this up, boys,” came a silken voice from beside them. “But some people have a competition to win.”
“I’ve got a good feeling, boys,” Lestrade was saying. “Those Funke girls don’t stand a chance.”
John laughed. “You’re right there. So, I have to man the desk but Wednesday afternoons are usually pretty quiet so we can chill for a bit.” John went into the office and hung up his blazer, loosening his tie. He brought out his identification badge from a drawer and hung it around his neck. “As long as one of the nurses – or, god forbid, the actual doctor – doesn’t catch us blatantly not doing anything, we’ll be fine.”
He crossed the floor, picking up Sherlock’s shoes and blazer along the way, draping the latter over the back of Sherlock’s chair. His friend had been in the room recently then – but he’d had a lesson... Was it anthropology or chemistry? He couldn’t remember. He wondered what Sherlock had gotten himself into to make him abandon various items of clothing and then take off like –
Sherlock had just reached the bottom of the stairs and he looked up. “If you dare drop my laptop, John,” he said, leaving his warning menacingly open, and Harry winced at the thought of the fate of the expensive Mac on the flagstone floor.
“I - ” John began, panic rising inside him.
After an indeterminable amount of time had passed, John felt hands on his shoulders an dhe stopped.
Realisation broke within John. “What?”
“Shit. Begins with M,” John realised. Sherlock nodded. “Surely it’s a coincidence, I mean… That’d be - ”
A handful of metal tables were scattered about, hulking vending machines standing sentinel in the corner. A cluster of kids sat around one of the tables, chattering incomprehensibly. The far wall was difficult to see under shelves upon shelves of brightly coloured packaging, a door leading to a storage room set into it. Standing behind the counter was none other than Mrs Turner, hair drawn back in a tight bun, neck bare, bracelets clinking at her wrists. She was preoccupied with the till, and Sherlock slowed John and his pace. John quickly looked around, to see Sarah sitting behind them, her phone pointed in their direction as she pretended to text.
“It’s nice to see he’s kept himself tidy, at least,” Mrs Watson commented, surveying room number twenty one.
Sherlock knew what John had seen. It confirmed what Sarah had no doubt told him. She was clever, and so was John, but he didn’t want to see what she had. That was the problem with John. Letting sentiment get in the way all too often.
, Sherlock thought, but dismissed it and left it for another time.
’ until Sherlock did so, not particularly courteously, but he did flick through it very quickly when he thought nobody was watching.
“Uh, maths, I think,” Nadia replied.
“John,” began Mike.
“Whatever,” he grinned, reaching for the vodka and unscrewing the cap. He poured rather more than he was expecting into Sherlock’s mug, then into his own.
“So he didn’t get punished at all?”
John exhaled, and his next breath joined in with the cheers of his housemates. He saw Eddie shakily get to his feet and begin walking to the stage, following the heads of Collins and Funke, the latter of whom looked more than a little miffed to have been usurped from their throne by such an underdog.
There was no-one there.
He crawled across the mattress but halted again at the sound of John inhaling sharply. His face was displaying a combination of amazement, confusion, and sadness – no, loneliness, or… homesickness? Nostalgia?
had updated their story to declare God Staunton found and that Sherlock Holmes claimed he was kidnapped.
,” John exclaimed. “Let’s go. Where do you live?”
“Kind of weird?” John supplied, seeing his friend struggle.
The second half was brutal. The crowd flinched as one as one of their boys went down, or was trod on, or took an elbow to the ribs, even showing a little sympathy for the other team’s injuries.
“We’ve barely seen you two recently,” Eric said.
“No,” John replied. “I tried texting him after that, to keep our friendship going, but he gave really short answers, then said he was too busy to chat, then just didn’t reply at all. So. No.”
“John.” He’d missed that smile.
“What about Angelo?” Percy said absently. He was gazing at the wall.
“Why?”
“Camping?” the child's eyes lit up. “I've never done camping before.”
He saw Sherlock rub at his mouth in a gesture of uncharacteristic nerves and step over an abandoned plastic garden chair. He looked up as the back door of the house opened, and through it stepped a person with pointed features and eyes that, even from this distance, glinted coldly.
“…Okay…?”
John agreed and watched Sherlock press his hands against the tile of the poolside and raise himself out of the water, twisting as he did so to end up sitting on the side. John attempted to do the same, but his efforts resulted in more struggling and rolling onto the side than Sherlock’s seemed to have done.
“So. Um. The circle?” John asked after a few moments of awkward silence, at the same time that Sherlock tried to say,
“Harry, I can’t - Harry, oh God, Harry -”
The Doyle boys turned all of their eyes on John and Sherlock when they entered the garden, but Mike bounded over to them, slinging an arm around John, and John watched the boys’ eyes slide away.
. John breathed out again.
“You’re supposed to be the selfless one, John; of course we do,”
, John.”
“Why?” John asked suspiciously, but was already standing from where he had been working at his desk.
“Oh, please,” she practically giggled, “call me Jo.”
John woke when the bell rang for dinner.
John considered telling him that he should consider becoming a ventriloquist as he appeared to have an aptitude for it, but all he could manage was a small, “Yeah,” as he watched Sherlock step over the threshold.
John cleared his throat.
[in which Ollie has a piano lesson]
“John, I, uh, I’ve got a girlfriend.”
“The journey wasn’t
“Takes one to know one, Angelo,” he said. Angelo looked about to boil over, but he stood rooted to the spot as John looked him squarely in the eyes for a moment longer, before turning out, and grabbing Sherlock by the hand. “Come on, babe.”
“Not your fault.” John replied shortly. Heaved a sigh. “I just won’t let them get married.”
John couldn’t concentrate through the rugby session. He spent the whole time fretting about Sherlock, and Mike had picked up on it.
John resisted the urge to sigh. “They never have boiled eggs on Fridays. Boiled eggs is Wednesdays and Mondays,” He explained. He watched Sherlock thinking for a moment, before continuing. “So either she’s lying…”
“Mm. Mm!” John nearly choked on the water he was swirling in his mouth, spluttering it out, much to Sherlock’s annoyance as some splashes got on his pyjamas. “You mean you had it in your mouth and then – you – swapped?”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “What?”
“Um. It’s about Carl,” John said, lowering his voice.
He placed his phone on his desk and located the Latin.
“That’s not really what pessimist means – ”
“Alright, yes, I know,” John hastily interrupted. But something about this story was making him feel more and more uneasy by the minute. He shivered: a gust of wind blew through his uniform, and he remembered that he could have been in Doyle having a cup of tea. Another raindrop, this time on the back of his neck, and John found himself saying something he never thought he’d say to the boy standing before him: “Look, Anderson, I’ve got to get back to house, so I’ll message you, okay?”
He was thinking about Sherlock. How many layers of him there were. Surface: smooth and cold, metallic. Logic and reasoning. But then John had seen him play his violin, and all of that had dissolved. But even now, John was still learning more and more about his best friend with each passing day.
He heard Sherlock give a small laugh. “One must be careful what one wishes for, I suppose. Oh, shi- John, I have to go. Vooght just saw me hiding from him, we were supposed to be on the coach minutes ago.”
“John, Sherlock,” Mycroft greeted them.
In the middle of the Dickens common room lay the body.
The man sighed again. “You are more than competent to deal with this. You’ve dealt with worse, from what I hear. He just needs to sleep, and needs to be kept watch over, and needs to be...” An edge of malice sharpened the man’s voice, but it was quickly reigned in.  “Destroy those needles, John. And the person who is supplying him. This has gone quite far enough. Don’t you agree?”
Alone.
“Murdered.” Sherlock whispered. His new-found friends’ eyes flicked up to his in alarm. “Or suicide. Coroners said suicide.”
had posted more photos of Sherlock being marched out of his exam that morning. John felt his blood begin to boil again, having never truly been taken off a simmer the whole day. He gave in and read the comments, and before he knew what he was doing, he was shoving on his trainers and a hoodie and storming down the lower sixth corridor.
Well, the man bit his nails, John saw. Maybe it was a nervous habit. And the book had been taken out of a library recently; it had the name stamped on the side. So… a bibliophile, then. Okay. What about the shoes? The trainers were spotless on the top part, but the soles were grey and a bit worn, but had no traces of mud. So he lived in the city and didn’t frequent parks. But they looked too new, too stiff, to suggest that he wore them as actual training shoes, and he didn’t look like the athletic type. So maybe his job involved a lot of walking around London, or maybe he’d had the shoes for a while.
John was right – when did Sherlock get so close? He didn’t remember. “There was no need to borrow clothes, Sarah, John seems to like your usual frumpy style enough as it is.”
“How much of that is the truth?” John asked warily.
“Shut up, Mrs Hudson,” the lump in the bed interjected almost unintelligably.
“Well?”
John folded his arms and gave Sherlock a look as if to say,
“… Oh. Right.”
“Have you ever gone down to the bank to watch?” Sherlock asked.
The room was dark, and each sofa, chair, and beanbag had someone on it; male, female, quite a few couples, all from the sixth form. John recognised most of them by sight, and nodded a hello to the lads from his rugby team. Apparently Sarah’s friend had saved her and John a space, because as Sarah led him – still by the hand – towards a sofa at the back, two girls got up with knowing smiles and relocated to somewhere else.
Sherlock didn’t wait to hear his brother’s reply, storming out of the kitchen and wishing he could feel the grain of the wood beneath his fingers as he pulled his bedroom door shut.
John smiled to himself. The first phase of his plan to get Sherlock to the ball was underway.
, John. I need work, I need cases, or I’ll go insane.”
Everything about this house spoke of money-consciousness. The lack of a car parked outside, the peeling paint on the front door, the cautiousness about heating and hot water. Sherlock felt very foreign. Not uncomfortable, but hyper-aware of his own presence.
Some days, John knew what he was going to draw well before he had taken his pad out. Other days, like this one, John sat with it open on his knee, pencil ghosting out images and shapes for a long time, unable to represent the maze of his thoughts, how his synapses had sparked that day. So he began to sketch out his view from his lofty new bed. He roughed out the metal of the frame, Sherlock’s one across from his, and a little of the view from out of the window. The sun was setting, casting deep orange light into their little room and onto his legs.
Sherlock frowned. “Why?”
“My friend’s asleep in there,” he explained. “He’s a bit under the weather.”
“You don’t need me to tell you that it’s impolite to…” the man began, but Sherlock barely heard the rest of it. John had tugged on his shoulder to make him crouch a little, and had shoved his head next to Sherlock’s own in order to hear what Mycroft was saying. The shell of John’s ear was cold against Sherlock’s hand where it held his phone, and he could feel John’s breath on his wrist. It was as if everything else had shut down except for the sensory neurons beneath his skin, alight with John John John –
“So, about Angelo,” John said.
“Right, then.” Lestrade sighed. “Make sure you’re at the memorial ceremony on Thursday, at least. John, you know how you’re getting home for half term at the weekend, yes?” John nodded. “Good stuff. And don’t forget to go to your tutor meeting with Mr Gregson later.” He turned to go, but added, “You both look exhausted, by the way. Remember to sleep every now and again.” He looked at John and Sherlock’s blank faces, nodded to himself, and left with another sigh.
Sherlock frowned. “Was that a pet name?”
A shriek of the whistle, and the boys flung themselves into the water as the spectators erupted into noise.
. “Thank you, though,” Sherlock said. The only way he was going to calm himself without John was to get the race over and done with, so he said, “I’d better go and find the others.”
Once the babble of their voices - Mrs Waton’s confused, Harry’s fake-bright and insistent - faded, John took one look at Sherlock and burst out laughing.
“And why couldn’t you have got it yourself?”
“Oh – yeah, sorry, I was miles away,” John apologised, hoping he hadn’t been staring at her or anything. “Just a hot chocolate, please,”
“So, what was it like being gay with John? You know, for the case?” Harry asked, face the very picture of innocence as Clara choked back snorts of laughter beside her.
“Sherlock,” John said solemnly. “Anything is possible in this house of wonders. Let’s go to the kitchen. But first, more vodka. Lots more vodka.”
“J– oh my god, John,” she said upon seeing him. “It’s gone eleven and you’re still fully dressed, what are you doing? I can hear you laughing from my room,”
So John’s father died on John’s sixteenth birthday. But Sherlock still didn’t understand how, and that infuriated him.
“Stop!”
“That information is definitely not important.”
“Just the morning? I have two free periods before lunch anyway.”
John stood froze. The man was smiling, but it did not comfort John in the slightest. It made the man look like a reptile. John instantly knew this was not a teacher standing before him.
John frowned and went back to bed. He had slept through the Rising and the nights of the Pale Wars. This was nothing.
John stormed down the lower sixth corridor. He had been annoyed about Sherlock interrupting his one night of peace, then angry about Sherlock doing that thing he did with the deductions. Then worry had slid into the corner of his mind –
“I didn’t say that.”
“Why did you turn my Bunsen burner off?”
“Uh, what?” John said. “Sherlock - ”
“What does the recipe say?”
Suddenly, Sherlock was bending his head towards John’s, crowding him a little, pushing himself even further into John’s space, his coat brushing against his torso. John’s momentary confusion was dispelled when Sherlock whispered in his ear,
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock didn’t reply to that, and even in the dark, John could see how haggard he looked. He sighed.
“Mum, you’re being weird,” Harry muttered to her mother, and Sherlock wanted to smile at that.
isn’t appropriate,”
“This article,” Mrs Watson elaborated, pulling Sherlock back to the grey sky and the chill of a winter breeze and the sound of the crowd.
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, eyes still shut tight.
It was strange to be looking into this room, this room that was both of their lives condensed.
“You asked what they bribed me with to do house swimming, and I said I signed myself up, and you asked why.”
“He keeps playing in the wrong key on purpose,” the boy seated at the piano muttered after a moment of strained silence. At this there came assorted agreements from the rest of the assembled, except the Hulk, who remained silent.
“Why are you whispering?” John teased.
“It’s a memory technique. You pick a place, real or of your own creation, and you store away information there so that it is quickly and easily accessible.”
John sighed with relief and apologised to Sherlock. “They’re a bit… “
“Are you coming to support today, then?” John asked Sherlock at breakfast.
– and left it at that. It would have been their business. But he hadn’t just met two adults. They were fourteen year old boys, fifteen at most. They didn’t deserve to be in that kind of life. That was no life for a child. No life at all. It was a death. And it was no death for a child.
He had made short work of the baguette, hardly noticing how it tasted. He had let the others talk around him, making comments only when necessary. As soon as he thought appropriate, he had excused himself and slipped away. Disposed of his tray – but not the cup. That he held as inconspicuously as he could and annoyed a few people by pushing his way back against the flow into the serving area. As quickly as he could,
“You never know when you’ll need to burn something,” Sherlock said, face serious as a funeral, and Harry wasn’t sure if he was joking or not.
He heard his mother and Dave make their way upstairs; heard Harry get out of the shower.
[in which John is the knife that stabbed Sherlock]
As soon as the gate swung shut, hinges squeaking, and Sherlock began to make his way across the unkempt garden towards the back of the house, John poked his head very slowly around the fence so that he could just peer through the gaps in the diagonal slats but wouldn’t be seen by anyone looking into the garden.
Sherlock stepped out of the shower feeling, corporeally, at least, a little better. His muscles didn’t ache so much and John’s shower gel had helped to ease the stagnation of his circulatory system a little.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. John came to the terrifying realisation that he was, by no means, in any way, shape, or form, kidding.
A pause.
She trailed off, pursing her lips. John nodded.
Sherlock nodded. John exhaled. All the following questions John had prepared himself to ask -
He got no reply, and as soon as they heard the door swing shut, Sherlock said, “What a rude man.”
“Are you busy?” said the man.
“I think I’ve heard of that – the method of loci, right? You would call it a mind palace, though, wouldn’t you.”
“Kitty said that,” John said, in a way that seemed offhand, but Sherlock knew he was proud. “She said she’d heard about you – about us.”
Content warning for a description of drug overdose by a minor. To avoid, please skip the part between the sentences "Lestrade had already had..." and ""Never have I ever robbed a shop..." Open this information in another tab
“You’d be surprised,” John mumbled. Mrs Watson didn’t hear, but Sherlock did. John smiled sweetly at him.
“I don’t have very much to go on,” Sherlock conceded.
“So why didn’t you tell Ella that? You could’ve phoned her, sent her an email – anything!”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Eric said, gaze turning hard.
Sherlock wiped his arm on the glass, clearing some of the condensation, and looked out. There were quite a few families out, young children bundled up against the cold. With all of that clothing on, at-a-glance deductions were difficult, and his thoughts turned again to amnesia.
“I thought popcorn was made in a pan,” Sherlock commented.
When John returned to the kitchen with Sherlock in dutiful tow, there was a smattering of only half-sarcastic applause, which Sherlock smiled tightly at.
“Fine. Am I… a man?”
“Fuck, Sherlock – Sherlock – ” John grabbed his arm, trying to halt him. “Look at me – ”
They had reached the coach, and joined the shortening queue in front of the door.
“Is that so? You’ll have to show me sometime so I can compare,” she laughed.
John stilled momentarily.
“It had nothing to do with me, you're just bad at being indiscreet,” Sherlock retorted.
The room was spinning a little still, despite the formidable sobering effect of Mycroft’s entrance. Sherlock flicked the lights off, pulled the door of his ensuite to. He clambered into bed, feeling as if the earth had fallen with him when he flopped back onto the pillows.
“It’ll change in a minute,” he placated. “Have you never heard this guy before?”
relying on him for a place to sleep that night.
It was from Dan, whose number John had forgotten to delete. He sighed.
“Hello Jo, Harry,” he said, he and John trying to share a chair. Harry had forgotten just how posh his brother’s roommate was, and only seemed to be getting posher.
“Mrs Hudson knows I like them, so she sends me some occasionally. She is an excellent cook.”
“Sherlock, what the fuck?”
“Marylebone,” Sherlock repeated slowly. Something about his tone made John look up.
John shook his head again. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m really grateful, but you didn’t have to do something so risky for a girl you’ve never met,”
“Just one tiny ‘please’,” John coaxed. Sherlock opened his mouth, but quickly shut it again. “Come on, say it with me,”
“Oh, Sherlock, thank god,” he breathed, relief flooding his face, crawling towards him and –
John turned his head and noticed Sherlock. He smiled. “Oh, hi, Sherlock, what’re you doing here?”
“I wish I had,” John laughed. “Are you hurt?”
John lashed out and caught one of Sherlock’s hands where it was resting on the table and, against Sherlock’s struggles and fully aware that he was attracting looks from the girls next to them, prised his bony fingers open and deposited a forkful of chips in his fist before curling it closed again. The wordless struggle intensified as John forced Sherlock to raise the fork to his mouth – trying to avoid impaling his eye on the tongs – he’d tried so many methods in the past to get the git to eat, this one had to work – if only he could get him to inhale a lungful of food, then surely his body would override his mind’s idiotic starvation protocol – and John was now out of his seat and leaning across the table, blazer dangerously close to dangling in ketchup. There, they reached a stalemate, Sherlock’s mouth tightly closed, and pushing back against John with all his scrawny strength.
Sherlock sat up suddenly. “Stop mothering me, John, I’m
John laughed. “Or, you could just suck it up and go to the bloody ball? If she’s such an indispensable tool for the case, you might have to do some socialising.”
“Oh, I’ve heard
with the rest of the school. Even Sherlock was laughing, and laughed even harder when John sang directly at him.
“Sherlock!”
John’s phone vibrated and lit up with a text, and as it went dark again, John saw his reflection in the screen and nearly laughed aloud at the deep, fretful frown on his face.
Sherlock was sitting on the arm of a sofa, in a group of around ten other Doyle boys. He was saying something about freestyling and butterflies, and it took John a second to work out that he was talking about swimming. And then it hit him.
Mike and the rest of the lower sixth were sitting on and around a sofa on the far side of the room. Mike indicated for John to go over to them, a worried furrow between his brows.
John unfolded his arms, picked up the mug, and took a sip. He raised his eyebrows and nodded.
“The anniversary is soon isn’t it?”
Harry and her mum had feared this. John hadn’t had one for a long time now, but there had always been the possibility… since he had stopped taking the sleeping pills, they’d thought… apparently not. They had thought he was pretty much recovered. He had told them he was pretty much recovered. He’d said the nightmares weren’t bothering him so much. He’d lied.
“That’s weird. Okay.” He was rather glad he was sleeping with Sherlock, in that case – it would feel strange to be in Mycroft’s bedroom. It would feel like hugging the man. Unsettling. “Wait –
“I’m right as rain, stop fussing.”
One minute nineteen.
It was Sherlock’s first lesson in John’s biology class after his expulsion from the year above's, and John turned around as his and Sarah’s conversation reached a lull to check on him. It didn’t take very long to find him. He seemed to be having a heated argument with his lab partner, some poor soul called Robbie, who was in Dahl house, according to his tie. Robbie was looking increasingly flustered as Sherlock got increasingly frustrated with what he would surely later deem as Robbie’s lack of competence. It wasn’t easy to read Sherlock’s emotions from his body language, but John was steadily getting better at it with all the practise he was getting.
None of the faces looking up at him were smiling. Mike patted the sofa next to him. John sat.
When John returned to the room, Sherlock was busy scribbling something in a notebook.
On Tuesday, Sherlock returned from his exam walking a little too carefully.
John paused, trying to place the high pitched sound that had just erupted behind him. He quickly eliminated the impossible, and turned around to face the improbable with a frown.
“I won’t, mum.”
“No, John – stop – ” Sherlock spluttered, but John was stronger than he looked, and despite Sherlock’s best efforts, he ended up with the thing wedged firmly on top of his head.
“…Oh,” managed John. He frowned.
Sherlock crouched by the radiator. John joined him.
John made a disapproving sound. “Take my bed.”
“Would you…” Sherlock began slowly, carefully. “Like to ride one?”
“John!” Mike pulled him into a rough hug, laughing, then pushed him back, holding him by the shoulders at arm’s length. “I fuckin’ knew it! You wonderful boy!”
John recognised that asking Sherlock Holmes for gift advice was probably the worst idea he’d had all week, but he was at a total and utter loss. The reply lit up his phone mere seconds after John had pressed send – luckily for him, his roommate was nefariously fast at texting.
Both were quiet for a moment, curled under the same duvet, each listening to the other’s breaths, slow and regular, each feeling the other’s presence as if it were a part of him.
“I haven’t played that in years, Mycroft, and it’s technical.”
“Sorry. I’ll shut up now.” He turned away, shifting a little, shoulder beginning to protest a little at keeping his hands behind him for so long.
Sherlock paused, nose to the wind like a dog, but before John could make any sense of what was happening, a sharp adult voice rang through the night.
The shopping centre was bright and glittering with seasonal decoration, elaborate light fixtures in the shapes of snowflakes and swirls and reindeer hanging from the ceiling. Signs advertising post-Christmas sales were already everywhere, and the atmosphere was buzzing with chatter and footsteps on the polished floor.
, Sherlock admitted) as the dark window suddenly lit up and shapes began moving behind the curtain. After a moment, it was pushed aside and the window was pulled up by a very disgruntled-looking Anderson, running a hand through his greasy bed hair and pushing on a pair of glasses.
“It’s Sherlock, actually,” Sherlock joked. John rolled his eyes. “Dinner?”
“Where’d you get that key?” John asked.
The plucking stopped. John opened his eyes.
“Stop fussing,” Sherlock said, and John laughed and let go of him. “Honestly, the things you put me through…”
“And he keeps switching into Beethoven’s sixth half way through,” said the boy at the drum kit, waving his sticks accusingly.
“With great difficulty, sir,” John replied.
John could practically hear Sherlock’s eye-roll as he knelt down so that he was in John’s line of vision. “It’s not an interrogation, that’s ludicrous-“
“Anyway. On the last day, his mum said goodbye to me, gave me a hug, and his dad went out to the car to drive me to the train station. And then it was just me and him in the hallway.”
True to Eric’s words, when John entered Lestrade’s kitchen, the whole of the Doyle sixth form was gathered around his fridge.
The faint strains of
“What happened, Sherlock?”
On their way out, John pocketed the broken padlock. Sherlock noticed.
get it from, then?”
“Yes, John - which other Mrs Turner could I have meant?”
Sherlock gasped, mock-offended. John laughed.
“Your family was just telling me about your talent on the rugby pitch,” Mycroft began, and John made as quick work of the ensuing small talk as possible, glancing at Sherlock every now and again.
John tried to reason with himself,
time, I’m
“Sorry, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock apologised breathlessly, a grin still plastered across his face. “Can we help you with lunch?”
“No, you just – ” Sherlock began, but stopped himself. He realised that telling someone their own eating habits probably wasn’t polite or socially acceptable. “You’ve just got an eyelash on your cheek.”
So John stood at the sink, hands deep in the soapy water, washing, whilst Sherlock stood to his right, receiving the plates as John finished with them and drying them with a tea towel.
Sherlock frowned harder.
We have hours spent hacking into the records of the porters’ lodge. We have no packages from any of the companies that ship that brand of spray paint to the UK entering the school. Ever. We have no way for it to be in the country, then, unless a relative sent it in to a pupil. But we have no way of knowing. We have everything happening for a reason, but we have nothing happening. We have no case.
They began to walk towards the loose window, steps echoing throughout the hall. The sun had broken free of the horizon, its bright, warm light making the events of the night feel like a bad dream, fading like morning mist.
John could smell Sherlock’s deodorant – but it couldn’t have been just deodorant, there was some expensive-smelling other fragrance there as well. It was nice. Not overpowering, but there.
John watched the water stream off his was he pulled himself out of the water, watched as he ambled back to the rest of Doyle’s swimmers. John saw him smile as the others threw him what must have been words of praise, and saw him sit, pulling the towel around his shoulders again.
“There we go, that’s more like it. Go and wash your face.”
“He’s called David,” she said, a fondness creeping into her eyes. “He’s lovely. A builder, couple of years older than me. I’d like for you to meet him, Harry,” she said, turning to her daughter, who had to bite her tongue to stop herself saying something about her father. It was an automatic response and she knew it was wrong for her to deny her mother a second chance at a relationship, but it was taking a long time to unlearn. “So you’ve had my news, John; now what’s yours?”
John supposed the only logical thing to do was drag his own duvet down from his bed and wrap himself in it, as he had done with Sherlock. He sat on the floor, leaning his back against the fridge, facing away from his friend but still feeling a degree of control due to their proximity. Perhaps he felt even more in control than he would have done had he been facing Sherlock; it was trivial and childish, but that way, it almost felt as if he was guarding Sherlock, facing the door of the room as he was. Not that the thing Sherlock needed guarding from was going to knock politely on their door, of course. It had already slid in through the air vents of Sherlock’s mind, down chimneys and between bricks. John was just a novelty draught excluder in comparison, but he was trying.
“Harry,” Harry corrected, shaking his hand and being instantly calmed by the firmness of his grip.
“Yep,” Mike said as he punched the code into the keypad beside the door. With a
John sighed. “He was just being his usual, arsehole, homophobic self.”
There was a creak in the corridor behind him, and Sherlock jumped, but it was only Mrs Watson going into Harry’s room for something. Sherlock replaced the cane and continued downstairs. He had suspected that, after the passing of his father, John had had two injuries; one physical and one psychosomatic, not to mention the obvious PTSD, which he never called by its name. Sherlock recalled how John had limped slightly after having met Mycroft for the first time.
