Dean's mood only continued to improve as they left Pinehurst behind for Amherst, and by the time they pulled into the parking lot for dinner, he was practically grinning. "And look at that, not too crowded yet. The night just gets better and better."
"Your choice."
Dean shrugged. "Don't think so." He started the car, and after another moment's hesitation put it in gear. "Nope, seems fine."
"So, Demons." Dean broke the silence, nodding. "Fuck."
"Don't tell me you're not having fun anymore." The werewolf mocked, standing up straight and rubbing at his neck with his non injured hand.
"Are you real?"
"You've only been asleep a little over an hour." Dean slowed down ahead of a steep curve. "You could've slept more. Nothing interesting happening."
"That's another thing, since when are you on the whole trust Crowley train?"
"Why?" Cas spat.
He frowned, his mind settling back on Dean's behavior the night before. He just seemed so like himself. He wondered if his own near death was really enough to pull Dean back from the brink of madness. Or if it had been more. Maybe the divine light of his grace snapping back in place had burned away just a little of the darkness in his soul. He didn't know if that was how that worked, but it wasn't something he could dismiss out of hand.
Cas frowned. "What is it?" He asked instead.
"As am I." Cas let out a sigh. "There is a large possibility the spell that nearly killed us was intended as an attack against me by the angels."
Sam was already scrambling sideways across the ground, following the excessive river of blood back to the prophet. "Kevin!?" Sam tried to place his hand over the still sluggishly bleeding wound, but he didn't stir at all.
"I don't want the cat."
"And then you found me."
"Dean?"
"'m fine." Dean mumbled. His arms drooped, the shotgun falling to rest in his lap. His head rolled back, leaning onto the pillow atop Cas' chest.
Cas smiled weakly. Some things hadn't changed with him. "When did the storm end?"
Dean was reaching down into another bag, and came up with the crowning jewel. He couldn't hide the grin as he held out the floppy tan coat. "It's not an exact match, but it was the closest I could manage on short notice."
Castiel shrugged. "Perhaps as with my shoulder, it did not completely fix the problem."
Dean attempted to look confident and dismissive. "Dude's been through worse. He'll be fine."
Cas brought his gaze up to meet Dean's green eyes, surprised by the unhidden sincerity in his expression. He felt the grip on his arm leave, and watched Dean grab two bottles of pills he didn't notice earlier from his nightstand. He accepted and took the offered medications without question, gratefully accepting the water he was handed next.
Dean froze, completely missing whatever Cas replied with.
The former angel looped his arm to be more around Dean's chest, holding him still as they continued to move. He glanced up and behind him, catching Sam's eyes with his own worried glance.
Castiel looked upwards at the medic as she worked, trying to see what she was doing, though it was difficult between the neck brace and backboard. She was talking to him, but she was setting up an IV line on Dean. "Cas." He replied weakly.
"Where?"
Buffalo."
"I believe it is my turn to pick."
"Something straightforward. It's a bad guy. We kill it. Nothing complicated or messy about that…"
"Yeah… sure. I'll get right on that." Dean turned his attention to watch as Cas put aside his plate and followed up with the offered meds.
Sam decided to forgo checking Dean's vitals, instead slipping backwards from the room, his mind turning over what he just saw. Morphine and Vicodin must've done a number on them, Sam didn't think Dean would let himself be caught dead in that position. Right now Sam just hoped Dean wouldn't re-break Cas' healing nose when they woke.
Kevin on the other hand had just been sitting and waiting for them to come back. "Do you think this demon cure will work on him?" He asked, breaking the tense silence.
Back on the road, Dean made good time towards Kansas. When he was too tired to continue he debated whether or not to find a motel, but he knew it would just give him another chance to doubt, to consider running after all. With or without Cas.
"What happened?"
"Nah." Dean supplied.
Dean nodded, slowly orienting himself.
Cas shook his head, his eyes looking up at Sam, trying to express what he wanted. "He's gone." He closed his eyes, feeling the world shifting around him. Breathing was optional for a celestial being, but in his weakened state he was finding himself needing air more and more often. Unfortunate, he thought, that his body would choose now to betray him in this fashion.
Dean had his feet on the ground again. "Yeah, but it's gotta be way easier to have you come in here with some sort of sob story and nab the tablet while we aren't looking. Metatron has to know that."
Dean didn't say anything, letting Cas go after a moment and finally allowing himself to be led to sit on the edge of the bed, Castiel sitting next to him.
Sam looked back at Cas, hand reaching into his pocket. He pulled out a small flask of holy water, flicking it at his brother, his posture relaxing as there was no reaction. He let out his breath. "Welcome back, Dean."
"That's being human. Or at least that's being us. You see that much fucked up shit, it's bound to give you a few nightmares."
Sam nodded. "Celestial as in... archangel grace, right?"
" The call remained open, but nothing from his brother. He hung up, standing, though he didn't grab the crutches to move anywhere. He just couldn't remain sitting anymore.
Crowley met them by the car, having enough sense not to say anything as Cas settled Dean into the backseat of the impala. He exchanged a few brief words with Sam before taking the first blade and leaving, with the promise of hiding it far away.
"What's the cat's name?"
Cas held off confronting the hunter about the effects of the mark, knowing he was keeping his own secrets. He had hoped his grace would rally after healing Gadreel, but it never quite seemed to recover. He could feel his powers fading, and he wasn't sure really how bad they were. He considered briefly telling the brothers, but the last thing he wanted was to add to Dean's burdens or take away from the fight for heaven. So for the time being, he kept it to himself.
"What do you think he has?" Sam asked, coming back to sit down again.
"Are you okay?" the former angel pressed.
"Is it still painful?"
Gadreel looked them over. "I must retreat. I believe your brother will be fully healed within the next day or two, and I can take my leave."
Cas nodded, holding the cat to his chest as Dean switched tools.
They all jumped slightly, looking up as Dean's phone rang. He looked at it, reading an unknown number before answering it. "Yes?"
Dean glared at Sam as he turned and offered a hand to him. "We never talk about this again. Ever." He allowed himself to be pulled from the wheelchair, sliding onto the stretcher and leaning back against Cas' padded chest. He tried to ignore the room spinning as he settled his weight.
"Lovely." Crowley flipped the angel blade in his hands, efficiently thrusting it through the angel's chest, all three of them closing their eyes against the brightness of the angel's death throes. "So… your move." He offered to the hunter and angel.
Dean hesitated, looking back at Cas, straightening up a bit, obviously immediately in slightly better spirits, but still somewhat bitter. "And buffalo wings." He locked the unit and headed back to the main office, stopping off and ending payment on the unit. He was informed that they had until the end of the month to clear it out or it would go to auction, and Dean agreed, knowing full well that it was someone else's problem now.
But for tonight at least, the promise of tomorrow's kill would keep him functioning. He'd let Dean take the edge off with drink instead of blood, and brace himself for whatever was going to come next.
Cas wrapped his arm around Dean a little tighter, sensing him wake. He stayed in place until he felt the hunter finally tense, and he knew that his walls were slipping back in place at least a little bit. He pulled back before scooting to lean up against the headboard.
worthy at the moment."
"You were in shock, and your body temperature was too low. The blankets were inadequate for warming you." He hesitated. "I hope I have not done anything wrong." He offered, knowing how valuable personal space was to the hunter.
Cas narrowed his eyes but relented, going back to what he was doing, transferring the overcooked pop-tarts to plates, rolling them over before rolling back and grabbing the pot of coffee. He poured them both mugs, setting them down before heading to the fridge and pulling out a package of what looked like deli turkey. From this he removed a few slices, setting them on a plate and putting them at the other end of the table, which the cat eagerly jumped on top of to eat.
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's in shock." Sam set down the canvas bag next to the bed. "This was a lot for him being just out of surgery." He unzipped the bag and tossed Cas a too-large hoodie, which the former angel gratefully pulled on. Sam set to work exposing the bandages across Dean's chest and let out a quiet curse, seeing the bloom of red across the stark white surface. He grabbed a pair of trauma shears stolen from the ambulance, opting to cut away the gauze rather than unwind it.
"The injury is extensive." Sorrow.
"Cas, what happened in the hotel before I got there?" Sam asked, needing the full story.
Cas finished chopping. He set the knife aside, picking up the cutting board and walking it over to the stove. He began slowly pushing the onions off into the searing oil. "I'm sorry." He repeated.
"For Stanford?"
"I do too." Dean said softly. He pulled Cas back into a hug.
"Dean." Cas replied, careful to keep his voice flat and his face neutral.
When Cas gently knocked and opened Dean's door that evening, he found the hunter passed out on his bed, an empty bottle of jack still in his arms. He hesitated for a moment before he just backed out of the room, closing it behind him. He lingered indecisively for a few minutes before deciding to just head back out into the bunker library for the night.
"Dean-"
"Dean-"
Sam ducked out of the room, returning rolling a new wheelchair, shoving it over near the angel should it be needed. He unrolled a pair of stocking like socks, unrolling them and shoving the blankets, going for Dean's foot without receiving permission or giving warning.
do for now."
Cas looked over the stack of books, nodding and hoping one of them had the answer.
that depleted. Though, he remembered Dean spent a lot of the day wearing very little clothing.
The hunter frowned. Prayer. What if he-?
Dean grunted as he was lifted up by the throat against the post. He managed a somewhat cocky grin in spite of the choking grip and painful half-standing position. It was short lived as the knife began to dig into the joint between the shoulder and arm. He closed his eyes, but for now at least managed to keep his teeth clenched shut. Panting slightly when it was done, he forced that smile back on. "Aw, that all?"
"Was the hunt successful?"
"He is powered by the tablet somehow, to make him more powerful, right?"
"My hand to god." Dean scooted himself to the edge of the bed, the pain meds finally letting him move without the urge to cry out, not that it didn't hurt like a bitch. "We're fine. I can even smell Cas burning breakfast in the other room."
"It's not me I'm worried about."
The flight medic greeted him, but Cas only caught a few words of what he said over the noise as they began to take flight. He figured they had the information they needed, as he wasn't asked anything. He closed his eyes, feeling the change in pressure as they left the ground. He hadn't flown without wings ever. He remembered Sam saying something about Dean's fear of flying, and he took a quick second to be thankful Dean was unconscious at this particular moment.
"Perhaps we should move to your room."
Dean was staring back over towards the fire. "You should put another log on."
"The crash could have been worse. You are a skilled driver." Cas pressed on, in spite of Dean's face.
Dean sighed. "Alright. Not a lot to go on."
The hunter heard the cracking through the woods on their left, then their right, and he knew it was toying with them. They crashed into a clearing, Cas and Dean stopping for a second back to back, knives up, keeping their eyes on the tree line surrounding them in the rapidly dimming light.
"Your heart is slowing. And all of your wounds are closing." Dean looked over the last of the bruising Cas sustained during his fit. "If I had to guess, your grace will be near full again by morning. It's almost ten at night now."
Dean swerved the car just a little bit. "Helen?"
"Dean just knew." Sam said, his tone disbelieving. "He like, woke up and just… went."
Castiel reached up, hovering his hand just shy of touching the hunter. With one last look into those green eyes, he allowed his palm to rest on the side of his head, feeling a stir of some emotion when Dean subconsciously leaned into the touch ever so slightly. His other hand came to rest over the palm print scar left by his grace all those years ago. He pushed his borrowed grace forward, allowing it to glimpse into the hunter's mind.
Sam nodded "Tell him he killed Kevin but-"
Cas' eyes widened.
Dean dodged Cas' outstretched palm, putting up his hand to stop him. "I'm fine Cas. Not sick, I promise." He looked at the plate with disinterest. A burger and fries. Sam must've gone out to get them, probably in the hopes he'd eat it. Leave it to that asshole to go out of his way to take care of Dean while still being sort of pissed off at him.
"Exactly."
Dean's expression darkened slightly. "Apparently." He had already received an earful from a hidden angel co-pilot when he tried to suggest the trip was a bad idea. The hunter watched the man across from him settle into his place and eye the sandwich offering. "You okay? You don't look so hot…"
The younger Winchester didn't stop moving until he reached the kitchen, splashing some water on his face and coming to lean against the counter. "He's right." He muttered.
"What is it?"
"What's going on with you, man? You've been acting weird since you got back to the cabin."
me for that tablet. You had no reason to take her word over Metatron's. It is not your fault."
He keenly felt the fear as he watched Dean's spark finally burning down to embers. Like witness to a slow death, he worried he was seeing Dean's brief life come to an end. He hoped they could get the mark off before it consumed him entirely. Before he got too reckless on a hunt and it claimed him. Or worse. Before the mark corrupted him into something entirely unrecognizable.
He got up silently and crept over towards the door, looking back over his shoulder one last time before easing it open and slipping through. Once it was silently closed again, Cas could move a little less cautiously as he made his way through the bunker towards the exit. He paused outside the library, listening for any telltale signs Sam was still awake and on his laptop, but after a moment he was relatively sure his exit was unguarded.
Castiel nodded. "My grace is rallying." He confirmed.
"You two look awful." Sam continued.
Castiel looked up to meet his gaze. "I feel… tired. I think I have not been resting adequately since becoming human." His hand reached up and touched his right shoulder. "My injury from the torture has been causing me pain as well."
"This food. I can't get enough." Cas greeted, holding up his burrito in explanation.
Dean continued anyway. "You've been through all those books. How much grace
True to Dean's prediction the shadows were stretched long across the ground by the time they reached the cavern entrance. He knelt on the ground just outside, inspecting the freshly dried blood on the rocky ground. He nodded his head towards the cave and pulled his gun and flashlight out.
He looked up, eyes glowing bright blue as the light built around him. He couldn't hear anything over his own heart beat, pounding with the strain of the violent war inside him. He could see Dean's mouth moving, feel the vibrations in the hunter's chest as he said or maybe shouted something at him, but he couldn't make out any of the words.
"The salt-"
"Did… Did I kill Kevin?" Dean asked suddenly.
The hunter gave a humorless snort of laughter. "What? What is so fucking difficult?"
"Dean, she told me in no uncertain terms that Metatron was gathering the ingredients to cast the angels from heaven."
"Yeah. Gave them the same treatment we gave here."
Dean pressed forward into the touch, the electricity following that sensation. He moved his hand back down and across the angel's collar bone, pushing him back against the column, his lips straying from the angel's mouth.
Dean put on a shaky half smile. "Yeah." He tried to will some of the tension out of his shoulders as he took the plate and added it to the growing pile of dishes. "I'm fine, just, still catching up to the last few days." Putting it lightly.
When he returned to Cas' room, the former angel was wrapped up tightly in his comforter on his bed.
"I did." Cas affirmed.
a dream… was it? It felt too real…
"They had to cut the doors off." Cas said softly, sounding sympathetic.
Dean nodded thoughtfully, studying him. Cas got the sinking suspicion Dean saw through it.
Dean could feel Cas tense, the slightest bit. He adopted that expression that showed he was uncomfortable with giving the answers.
"I don't have any answers, Sam." Cas replied, his voice strained.
Cas settled back and gave a small smile. "I imagine this is what it must be like when you pray to me. Normally it's me who can hear you but not respond."
He prepared the spell quickly, glad it wasn't overly complex. The ingredients were found in the bunker. Sam had help him build a spell to do what he wanted using books the men of letters had left behind. It wasn't easy. This spell wouldn't simply remove his grace, it would destroy it, every last piece. Sam had worried about the risk to Cas himself, as his body would be effectively human when it was over. He didn't care.
"Where were you?"
ran through the events that just happened.
Cas readjusted and pulled the sheet and blanket out and over him, looking at Dean one last time as if for approval.
Sam tilted his head back. "Fine." He shakily got to his feet. "I'm going to go to town on a supply run. Make sure you two idiots have enough to last. Maybe pick up an air mattress so Cas doesn't end up stuffed on the couch with his ribs all bruised to hell."
Cas nodded, readjusting himself slightly to put a little less weight on his fractured ribs.
"The cage opening kind of blew those doors open."
"And you are?"
"I figure a day, two tops before someone catches on and starts sniffing around this joint."
"Cat is good enough." He sighed. "You want to gather supplies or should I?"
"You've only been asleep a little over an hour." Dean slowed down ahead of a steep curve. "You could've slept more. Nothing interesting happening."
"Cas…" He said weakly.
"Shit." Tom muttered, the mood darkening a bit. "I'm sorry to hear that."
"Why don't you start us out of here. It's time you learn to drive if you don't have wings."
"He can bring him back, Cas. He has to."
"Yeah, I don't think so. Where are they?"
"Dean what-"
Castiel leaned back against the hood of the impala, accepting the offered beer. He gave it a quick sniff before taking a swig, considering the flavor carefully. He looked up, noticing Dean staring at him and frowned. "Yes?"
"Sam-"
"It is going to be okay." He repeated firmly. He gave Cas' hand a small reassuring squeeze.
"Cas?"
"Yeah. Honestly I'm impressed he is okay enough to spend the day here."
"This seemed like the next best thing."
Cas nodded, absorbing the information. He didn't press further for now, and Dean didn't seem to notice one way or the other.
Dean reached out, grabbing the former angel's uninjured hand. "Look at me."
Dean closed his eyes, relieved as at least some air made it into his lungs just as his vision was starting to tunnel. The relief was short lived as he became painfully aware that the only thing keeping him alive was this mask around his face in the hands of his brother.
The hunter frowned, absorbing the information. Dean had gone through all of that for Cas. To save Cas. Even with what he was, and the methods he employed, there was still some mission to save someone he loved. He
"You too."
Cas frowned, not sure if he should chime in or not. He didn't actually know what he would say.
"No, but something's weird man." Dean finally stated.
When he spoke, it was barely a whisper. “Thank you.”
"Metatron told me you were dead. I didn't believe him. I called your phone and Sam answered. I killed him without even thinking about it." He shuddered. "I helped Sam carry your body back to your room." He took another breath. "You were just dead. And then, the mark brought you back."
"A crappy temp agent. Who cares? Are you going to honor the agreement or not?"
Dean had managed to put off talking to Cas for an impressive amount of time. He spent most of it in the garage assessing the damage done to his baby, working on what he could get started on, and writing up a parts list for what he'd need. He accepted Kevin's sandwich delivery with slightly more enthusiasm than breakfast, but still, like earlier, he only got through a couple bites before he just couldn't stomach it anymore.
"Sam, Cas-"
"You almost got me killed." Sam hissed.
Nevertheless, Sam stood with the plate intended for the prophet and hurried as fast as he could, cutting Kevin off before he could wander into the kitchen and meet the powder keg at the wrong moment.
Cas winced as he was transferred from the rolling gurney onto an ER bed. He blinked as a light was shone in his eyes, and flinched as a blood pressure cuff was yanked around his arm. He tried to focus on individual voices as wires were attached to him and machines sounded out their readings, but it was hard. He closed his eyes, taking a few deep breaths, trying to focus.
"NP-... What?" he asked, confused.
"Mmh." the angel sighed. "I can't tell if he is pushing through it alright or if it just hasn't caught up to him yet."
Dean quickly took stock of Cas' condition before feeling some of the tension to work back out of his body. "Hey." He greeted softly, allowing himself a moment to stretch his cramped limbs out. He settled back on the edge of the chair. He directed his eyes back to Cas. "How are you feeling?"
"Cas, I can't talk about this right now." Dean snapped, a little rougher than he intended, and he felt a twinge of guilt. "It's all in the past now, okay? Let's leave it there right now."
"I wish you luck with your endeavor as well."
He hesitated before pushing open his door, looking down the hallway and noticing the light coming from beneath Cas' door. He frowned, heading over and knocking gently, getting an invitation before entering.
Dean tilted his head back but he could not think of any valid arguments against this. It wasn't that he didn't doubt anyone's abilities, but the stakes were so high on each of them that he really wished they were giving their all. He stood abruptly, frustrated with the situation on a whole, and stalked from the room.
"Hey, you should let me take a look at it, make sure it's healing right."
"Alright Cas, well we're only about fifteen miles outside of Chautauqua, and we have a helicopter on standby. They're going to get you two up to Strong Memorial up in Rochester, okay?"
"I do not. Nothing suspect has happened since we were removed from the vehicle. Although we are now quite far from the site of the accident."
"Good. You keep that up. And I'm serious about coughing. So help me, if you get pneumonia, I'm going to beat your ass into next week."
Dean turned towards him, leaning back on the counter, spatula still in hand, letting the eggs alone to cook. Cas froze for a second, processing the image in front of him.
"I said I'm fine Sam." Dean's voice was cold now, and abrupt. It left no room in there for argument, and it made it clear that the conversation was over. Sam knew he couldn't say anything further on the topic. Even one more sentence and Dean would be pushed over the edge.
"Oh?" Dean asked incredulously. "Just oh?"
"Dean I-"
"How are you two holding up?"
Cas looked at Sam, sympathy clearly read in his eyes. "It may be."
Dean shifted in place where he sat, leaned up against the post. He watched Castiel with his jaw set, looking over his injuries. He wondered just how aware of human limits the angels were. If they knew just how fragile the human body could be compared to them. Cas at least for now was doing alright. Bloody, sure. And fresh bruises were already blooming across his face and abdomen. But he would be okay for the moment.
Cas spoke before Sam had to address it. "Perhaps there is another way."
Cas nodded, but said nothing, opting to instead look out the window as they approached the small diner just over state lines in Nebraska. He followed the hunter inside, mirroring him as they looked through the menus. He heard Dean rattle off some egg special to the waitress, and in turn he ordered a stack of pancakes that he figured Dean would enjoy. They held that companionable silence until food arrived at the table.
The silence that was interrupted only by the sound of the water was hell to Dean. Too much time to let worry and guilt battle for top position in his head. He had felt concern earlier, when Cas had said his shoulder was still injured.
"They got most of the fires out." Kevin tried, feeling like he had nothing useful to add to the conversation. "They
Castiel felt his ears grow warm, knowing Dean was baiting him, trying to get a rise out of him.
Dean looked between Gadreel and Cas, feeling himself relax slightly as he saw the slightest bit of tension leave Cas' shoulders. Cas believed him. "Sam would have been in less danger had you just been honest with us." Castiel said firmly.
Castiel was relieved Dean managed to accept his absolution without a fight. "Come on." He said simply, reaching out his hand and pulling Dean towards the door, intent on finishing their nightly routine.
room. Dean felt his heart start to race, his brain
Dean caught the small smile that crossed the former angel's face out of the corner of his eye. He felt a small smile of his own before he set the eggs to cook in some of the bacon grease from earlier. Cooking with his angel shadow reminded him a bit of when Ben used to watch him cook. He caught himself several times almost giving narration to what he was doing, as if he were teaching Cas. Though as he watched the eggs cook, he wondered if he should have been teaching him. Not too long later he was turning off the heat and plating the eggs.
"You should not be anywhere near people." Cas said firmly.
With one last look around the still-destroyed room, Castiel followed.
"Dean… I forgive you." He watched Dean flinch at his words. "I know I cannot grant absolution for all the events of the past weeks, but I can at least forgive you for the parts involving me." He ignored the ache in his chest that longed to reach out to the hunter, knowing Dean's mind was far too volatile to allow contact again so soon. "And I do forgive you."
"He one of the good guys?" Kevin asked hesitantly.
"Oh nothing." Dean said, a grin still plastered across his face. "I just sent Sam to a… you know what, nevermind." He stood up, closing containers to throw in the fridge. "Come on, let's get back to work."
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes. "What the hell would we even do with a cat?"
Sam took the paper. "And if he's switched teams?"
"Just kill me and be done with it. I will give you nothing, demon."
Cas started work on a plan. He needed to get the hunter out of here, but they couldn't go back to the bunker. Dean
Dean kept the torch up behind them as he shifted course to follow the angel veering off to the right. He kept his focus around them, listening to the sounds get closer as the torch began to show signs of burning out. He kept his bloodied arm out, grasping the blade, the pain of the shredded flesh not even registering over the adrenaline.
Sam swallowed, looking up at the angel. "I'm going to use this bag valve mask… try to get his lungs working again." he repeated. He was strongly regretting never taking a proper CPR class to learn how to use one of these. He'd seen videos just hours before, but he'd never held one, and he fumbled with it, trying to reattach the mouth piece after he accidentally knocked it loose. Finally he was slipping it over Dean's mouth, slowly squeezing the bag.
Dean's cheeks reddened and he put his hand over his face, remembering saying that to Cas in the car. "
The angel approached him, hesitating for a moment. He watched Dean lean forward onto his knees with arms crossed, shivering slightly as the early December chill seeped through his jacket. Cas shed his tan coat and laid it over Dean's shoulders.
"I've endured far worse." Castiel tried to assure him. "I forgive you."
"Washing up. Or at least as best he can without showering." Sam replied. "He's getting the hang of the wheelchair."
did you."
Dean hesitated, looking back at Cas, straightening up a bit, obviously immediately in slightly better spirits, but still somewhat bitter. "And buffalo wings." He locked the unit and headed back to the main office, stopping off and ending payment on the unit. He was informed that they had until the end of the month to clear it out or it would go to auction, and Dean agreed, knowing full well that it was someone else's problem now.
"You won't have to."
But he was already gone. Blinked away with a single thought.
He left Sam in his room, heading to the kitchen to stock the cooler, giving himself a few minutes to work out what he was going to say to Cas to convince him to travel at a time like this. Truthfully he was quite worried about the physical stress of Cas on a long road trip. More than that, the worry that they were vulnerable outside of the bunker. Every angel and maybe half the reapers had it in for the former angel.
Cas cringed. That's why Hannah had been anywhere Dean could grab. She had been hunting down Metatron's faithful, to bring them back to heaven.
Dean wrapped his arms around the kid, feeling an intense wave of relief wash over him. Even if they couldn't save everyone, Liam was here, and he was okay. "You're safe." He affirmed softly.
. Things were far from normal and he wasn't sure how long he could keep his calm facade. Normally he'd take a few days while it was quiet, go off in his car, drink, get his bearings, but right now he couldn't risk the time away.
"He took my grace for the spell. I didn't know what he was-" He was cut off to another blade running down his chest, little rivulets of blood pooling and spilling down his torso. "I'm telling the truth."
"Calm." Cas admitted. "Like he was himself again. In control."
After the first time Dean almost got his head torn off by a werewolf, Sam had chewed him out at the top of his lungs for nearly an hour. It didn't seem to slow Dean down. He'd throw himself into every fray, and take just as long dealing with it. Cas found himself worrying often, but for weeks he had always been fine.
"I'm thinking next we find ourselves a case down south." Dean said with an ear to ear grin. "I think barbecue is next on the list for you."
"Yeah." Dean sighed. "Alright, We do this, what's the play? Gadreel goes to Metatron sans tablet, says the kid is toast. What if the next thing on Metatron's to-do list is worse?"
have to promise me you'll keep fighting." Cas insisted, his eyes locking with Dean's. "You have to promise to give us as much time as we can to find a way to save you."
Dean relaxed, just glad it had worked.
Castiel walked over, watching what Dean was doing with mild interest. He wasn't particularly interested in working with Dean, but he was somewhat curious to see what he was doing.
Cas remained quiet for the moment, letting the hunter regain his footing before pushing him.
Castiel however didn't seem to get the hint. "Dean, you really should try to eat some…" He pushed the plate forward, closer to him.
"His angelic partner sent me, said you two might need a lift home. Couldn't come inside but I figured you two love birds would make it out eventually."
"He on any medications?"
" Sam moved forward, a hand on Dean's shoulder.
"Sam, what's happening."
"No reason. Can you give me a description of the both of them?"
Hours later, both men startled awake with the sound of a chair scraping to sit between the beds. Sam winced, looking up at them. "Sorry, I was going to try to be quiet."
"Not quickly enough." the angel muttered.
"You scared me Cas." Dean interjected, feeling a familiar guilt arise immediately at snapping at him yet again.
"Or it kills him." Sam closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the cool tile. He hesitated, debating whether or not to bring up what he overheard. He looked up at the angel. "Do you think he was right? That he won't be able to handle it when he's human."
Dean didn't hesitate to step forward and pull Cas into a tight embrace. He only let himself stay for a moment before pulling back. "Liam." He said simply, turning and hurrying towards the impala.
Dean walked in, shutting the door most of the way behind him. "You good?"
"Cas-" Dean cut himself off from using the angel's full name. He grunted in frustration when he saw his unwavering expression. "Whatever." He muttered, backing down from the fight for the moment.
"And now?"
Dean turned his attention back to Gadreel. "So he told you to kill Kevin and take the tablet and then… what, you get to be his new butt buddy?"
Sam looked back towards the door, his face softening. "Oh."
"No." Sam shifted his weight. "He was pissed we were doing it, but it didn't seem to cause him pain."
Castiel lost focus at that point, neatly passing out.
Gadreel nodded. "Thank you. Should you require assistance with opening heaven again, please call on me. I will come."
"Yeah you better be."
Cas helped guide Dean's head back against the seat, positioning him so he'd be comfortable as they pressed on with their journey.
"It's understandable."
Erelah took the pain of torture better than Cas took watching it. Despite what he had done to Theo, Cas did not want to see his brothers or sisters hurt in his name. "Please… Dean, stop it." He pleaded for not the first time since this new interrogation had begun.
it happen. Right now all he could focus on was his brother dying in front of him.
Cas let his arms close around the hunter, feeling exhausted as relief chased away the last of the adrenaline.
He closed his eyes, looking at the ceiling for a moment, his head spinning with the effects of losing that much blood and the subsequent run. He heard Cas slowly back away from the door, the sigils finally entirely in place.
emotion. He watched the angel carefully. "I'm alive."
Pushing his food aside, Castiel lifted the folded items out of the bag. He let a smile creep across his face as he acknowledged what they were. A pile of clothing, similar in style to the wardrobe Jimmy had imparted on him. The feeling of nostalgia was comforting, he had really felt a little as if he had lost his identity in more ways than one when he fell. "Thank you Dean."
Castiel did his best to tune out the half-restrained screams that issued from the hunter. He couldn't help but watch though, trying to catch Dean's eyes, trying to impart any small comfort he could. He felt his heart clench as the hunter managed to make eye contact, his brows set in what Cas could only interpret as sympathy. As if even in all this, Dean was trying to comfort
"You know what happened."
Dean rolled his eyes, pulling himself up from his seat. He crossed the room and threw the flashlight back in the tool box. He set his beer down on the small table and grabbed a couple wrenches to take with him back towards the front of the car, where the hood had been removed. "Yeah, we're close, alright?"
Dean glanced up sideways for a second from his laptop screen, pulling a face. "No thank you."
Castiel returned to the chair, simply going back to his book while he waited for Sam to arrive.
Cas held out his hand, pulling the hunter up and towards his own room. Cas took his usual spot leaning back against the headboard and lifted his arm in an invitation. Once Dean was settled against his chest and a movie was playing on the television, Cas laid his hand against Dean's forehead again and sent him back into an angelic rest.
Cas looked back to Dean, ignoring the subsequent yells in the distance. They were protected. "What is the plan?"
Dean picked up the phone, bringing it closer to him. "How do we know you're telling the truth?"
“Georgia.”
Cas studied it for a moment, chewing it thoughtfully. His stern expression had softened somewhat as he considered the flavor.
Liam innocently looked up at the hunter. "If he is a superhero, are you his sidekick?"
Dean kept the torch up behind them as he shifted course to follow the angel veering off to the right. He kept his focus around them, listening to the sounds get closer as the torch began to show signs of burning out. He kept his bloodied arm out, grasping the blade, the pain of the shredded flesh not even registering over the adrenaline.
Cas turned his attention back to the hunter. "Dean… you need to wake up…" He tried again to give him a light shake. Nothing. Cas found himself beginning to panic. A closer inspection of the hunter turned up blood pooling against the inner door, and the sight made Cas just a little queasy.
"I am afraid I only seem able to add to that uncertainty."
Dean relaxed as well, chalking it up to the return of warmth after he had been chilled all morning. He lifted his arm, wrapping it around the former angel and resting on his back. "It's going to be okay." He said one last time.
"Still. I do not wish to make matters more complicated. It seems to cause you to feel conflicted."
"I didn't call you here for your opinion." Dean walked forward, the sudden added pressure on his leg causing a shooting pain through his core, but it was manageable. At least he could hold a weapon. "Do it."
"You almost died, last night. Cas and I full on breathed for you with a bag for over an
Once his limbs were stabilized, he was finally brought to a room. He noted that it was a larger room, meant for two beds, but he was the only one there. For this he was thankful. He didn't want an audience to his inner turmoil.
Erelah took the pain of torture better than Cas took watching it. Despite what he had done to Theo, Cas did not want to see his brothers or sisters hurt in his name. "Please… Dean, stop it." He pleaded for not the first time since this new interrogation had begun.
"Cas, move."
"We'll bring home dinner."
The demon tilted his head. "You are back to full strength?"
Cas was silent for a moment. "Do you think it is wise? I am far less proficient with human medical matters than Sam…"
"Improvising." He hissed.
"Yeah, okay."
"Yeah…" Cas cleared his throat, fighting to be loud enough to be heard over the blaring siren above them. "Yes. He…" He didn't feel comfortable telling her about the spell or whatever had caused the accident. "There was ice." He finished lamely.
"If you do start coughing, or your throat hurts. You'll have them." Dean insisted. "If you get hungry later I might even be able to come up with some soup." He grinned at Cas' confused expression. "It's tradition." He had years of experience taking care of a sick little brother to call on.
Sam's pulse started to climb. He sent another text, his heart pounding in his chest.
"He was the sentry who allowed Lucifer into the garden." Cas was angry now, not just on guard but outright angry. "It's his fault, all of it. The corruption of man. Demons, hell. God
"I had to use the hat to stop you from bleeding out." He continued with the same tone.
"I did not wish to add to your stress while you would have little ability to help." He shook his head. "I never meant for it to put you in danger…"
He pushed his awareness further, seeking to observe the world outside his body. He became aware of a sound, and he forced his eyes to open. He blinked, the half lit room still too bright for a moment until his eyes adjusted. He rolled his head to the side, seeking the source of the noise. His vision rested on the hunter, right in the chair where he had left him. Dean was slumped in the uncomfortable looking seat, the chair arm digging into his rib cage. He had his arms crossed, and his head leaned all the way to the side. His mouth was half open and Cas recognized that the sound he was hearing was Dean snoring loud enough to wake the dead.
"Yeah but… something just isn't right." Dean insisted. "There's no devils trap on the inside of this, no guns, no trip wires. Hell there's not even a string with some jingling cans."
Sam?"
"A cold… you're getting a cold?"
It was cold when Cas started to come back to consciousness. He opened his eyes, blinking, trying to clear his head. It was dark, but then, Cas remembered that it had been dark before he was knocked out. It was still dark, but not unusually so. "Dean?" He grunted through clenched teeth. He got no response and he took a few short breaths, bracing himself to try his luck at opening his eyes again.
Cas was just finishing the last of the sigil work when his chest clenched. His angelic hearing picked up the familiar rumble of the impala approaching, and he listened with dread when the engine cut. He hoped that by some miracle it was Sam, just making sure all was well, but he knew it wasn't. The barn door opened up and he was faced with the older Winchester. "Hello Dean."
"It's the best play we got. Just.
He shot out of bed like he had been electrocuted.
Not that Dean expected any different, but he was disappointed nonetheless when a sigil was immediately seared into the post that would prevent the demon from making a return. He shifted, hand gripping the angel blade tightly as he kept watch for any opportunity to make his move. But right now, with two of them, he didn't stand much of a chance.
tell me if anything funny happens to his breathing."
"That is, I suppose, the question." Gadreel replied.
"You're awake." The hunter said simply. He had regained that stoicism, and the coldness gave Castiel pause.
Sam froze in place in the map room looking up at his brother, watching his posture change.
Dean turned, making a face as he dried his hands and tossed the towel aside. "Oh come on. I get this mark, I can use the first blade. Metatron isn't our only problem and you know it."
"Dean, that is incredibly risky." Cas' voice dropped, not liking this plan at all.
Gadreel looked them over. "I must retreat. I believe your brother will be fully healed within the next day or two, and I can take my leave."
This stopped Dean. "What?"
"It's the closest to human I've ever been." Cas agreed, deciding finally that he liked the flavor of the beverage.
Cas nodded. He pulled a saddle stand across the floor, carefully positioning it in front of a particularly large rune.
"Any way you can. I cannot become that
"Thanks." Cas settled in, allowing reading to take away his wandering thoughts and give him a much needed temporary distraction.
The kid slowly uncurled, pulling himself up from Cas' lap, rubbing his eyes with the side of his hand. Once fully awake, he shrank into himself a bit, pulling Dean's coat closer, feeling the return of fear as he realized he wasn't at home, but was still hiding in a shed from a monster.
He was surprised how fast the ambulance arrived at its destination, the rear door opening the instant they came to a complete stop. He tried to hear the rushed report Amy was throwing to a team of medics outside the door, but it was hard to hear over the sound of the helicopter idling on the pad just outside. He shivered slightly at the sudden return of cold air, but he was quickly covered with a warm blanket. He strained to see sideways, as Dean was similarly covered and they were unloaded.
"Are you not hungry?" He asked. He knew it was a pointless question. Dean hadn't been properly hungry since they turned him back, but it was the only way he knew how to try and prompt the hunter to eat more.
"You're not Dean." Sam slid the final needle into his arm.
"Not what Dean?"
"Kansas actually. Almost the exact same distance the opposite direction."
In the middle of the eerily lit room stood Dean, one arm on the prophet's shoulder, the other holding an angel blade to the side of his neck. "Hey guys." He greeted, a twisted grin on his lips.
"We got it."
Dean pulled a face. "No. The faster we look the more likely we find any of them alive." He swung his lightly packed canvas bag over his shoulder. "We should go now."
“Albany.”
Cas shook his head. "No thank you."
It was Sam's turn to scrunch his eyebrows. "He doesn't have to be." He said firmly, misunderstanding Cas' words. He finally looked up at the angel. His eyes widened slightly, looking at how disheveled Cas looked. He was breathing hard, his eyes wide open. "Cas, what-"
Gadreel nodded. "And what of you? Where does your path take you, once our brothers and sisters can return home?"
"Great." Dean's tone was heavy with sarcasm.
Dean let his still clearing head turn that information over for a moment. "How many?" He asked at last.
Dean took a step back, giving him some space to breathe. He looked after where the car had driven off and shook his head. "Does anyone want to tell me what the hell just happened?"
"Shut up." Dean rolled his eyes, coming back to sit again. He needed it after that wake-up. His head was still trying to catch up with the rapid shift in emotions. "You sure you're alright?"
"You saved me and Dean." Sam offered. "That's something." He gave a smile with a bit more warmth in it. "Thank you, by the way. I didn't get to say that yet."
"Oh sure, you really want to play house with me as a
The angel nodded, feeling a flash of residual horror at watching Dean plunge that blade through Kevin's throat.
"Lucky me." Tom nodded. "Yeah, I got most of this handy. You'll have to give me a week or so to gather up the body pieces. You need a new roof?"
Cas walked from the bunker, heading towards the woods surrounding the bunker's surface structures. Dean acknowledged the cold, but it didn't quite register. It was a sort of half feeling, and it was hard to process. It was like Cas knew the sensation, but it just didn't affect him the same way it would him.
he was possessed..." He raised an eyebrow. "Oh my. Another Winchester fumble? "
"You were dreaming." Cas said, tilting his head with sympathy.
Sam watched, amused as the pair headed off. He shifted his focus back towards the closed door to the bunker, letting his mind mull over everything he'd seen and heard from his brother and Cas in the past weeks...
"Yeah, I'm fine Sam." Cas assured him. "Go. I'll call if anything seems wrong."
"Where?"
"I've killed 12 thus far. I am unsure of how many remain."
The younger Winchester hadn't been surprised when he was the first one back. While the none of their chosen destinations were too far (except maybe Dean but he had a teleporting demon as transport) their tasks might take longer than a milk run demon killing rescue. He had sent off a quick text to Dean and Cas, but he figured everyone was likely too busy to check in right away. He had however expected that some time within the few hours after they would give a response. He was starting to worry.
Cas straightened out to stand. "You spoke with him?"
"You okay?"
"You've heard of it." Crowley's words were more a statement than a question.
Dean placed the tray on the end of the bed. "Scoot over." He demanded, shoving the pile of blankets flat and slipping on the bed next to Cas, leaning back casually against the headboard. He handed Cas the tray, reaching forward to open the laptop and resume the movie where they had left off the day before.
"It'll let us get most of the way. Let us think we're about to make it." Dean guessed.
Sam stared at him for a moment. "
"I'll stay with him. You go." Cas encouraged.
Sam sighed, his posture deflating. "Fine. Help open the doors while we drag him down there." He relented.
"No."
Dean rubbed his hands over his face, letting himself settle back in the chair. He felt suddenly years older than he had before, the whole experience catching him off guard and draining him. He tried to find comfort in watching the angel sleep, knowing he was getting better. It had to be enough for now.
Dean finally woke only two hours into their trip, more than a little annoyed with the situation he found himself in. He had tried sniping at both of them, but he found both of them too worn out to rise to the bait. Eventually he resigned himself to watching the rest of Massachusetts give way into New York.
"I am afraid I only seem able to add to that uncertainty."
because of him. The archangels…
Malachi gave an abrupt nod, and the other angel dragged Sam to his feet. Dean was able to get a better look at him, his heart clenching as he saw the blood. There was a lot of it. He looked closer though, and could see the stoic expression regarding Crowley with no sense of recognition. That was Ezekiel, not Sam. He could only hope that meant Sam had been spared the bulk of the torture.
Castiel had decided it was safe enough to leave the demon free this time. Despite appearances, Dean was still fairly drained at the moment, and he didn't think him much of a threat.
"Do you think he's telling the truth?" Sam asked, looking up at the group. He made eye contact with Kevin who looked a little like he might faint.
"Not what Dean?"
When Cas gently knocked and opened Dean's door that evening, he found the hunter passed out on his bed, an empty bottle of jack still in his arms. He hesitated for a moment before he just backed out of the room, closing it behind him. He lingered indecisively for a few minutes before deciding to just head back out into the bunker library for the night.
Dean stopped, leaning casually against a support column and folding his arms across his chest. "Oh well, since you asked so sweetly. I'll get right on that."
The older hunter didn't break stride as he threw open the door. Sam just cleared the threshold in time to see Dean shove Gadreel against the wall and lift an angel blade to press against his throat, close enough to start to draw blood. "
Cas had his blade out in a second. Dean felt the cool weight in his hand. He wished he had one of his own, but then again, the demons didn't seem to acknowledge him either.
Sam gave a short laugh. "Yeah well, try not to drop dead inside the bunker. Only Death himself can collect."
"He's in the trunk." Cas answered flatly.
"Dean, what are you doing?" Cas' voice was firm now, and more than a little agitated.
Cas pulled an unreadable face. He considered it for a minute before he settled into a chair next to the younger hunter. "May I assist in the research?"
"You told me cat was a good name…" Cas repeated, confused at the tone.
"I don't want to talk about it." The hunter interrupted, his voice almost a growl. He was getting annoyed.
"Bite me." Dean spat.
"What happened?"
After a moment, Dean pressed on. "How are you doing, you know. With all that stuff with April."
"So we just give up? We're looking for a way to get it off." Dean strained to speak up to emphasize his point. He tried to keep the waiver out of his voice as the effort it took to talk sapped his energy.
Dean couldn't help the grin from returning. "Mmhmm." He said simply, but he acknowledged that Cas had seemingly no problem keeping up that display of power. He surely wasn't
Cas finished up in silence, finally standing and returning to the sink to clean his dishware. He looked out the window, noticing the heavy snow that was falling from the cloud laden sky. There were more than a few inches already blanketing the ground. "It looks as if the storm is already underway." He remarked, watching a strong gust of wind kick up a snow squall.
Cas tried to respond, but was fading back into the darkness quickly.
"Can't you… I don't know. Take the memories away?"
"No. You're not." his eyes remained black for the moment. "You're afraid
Castiel was forced up against the other post in the room, the crutch being wrenched from his arm and thrown. Both his arms were hauled up to eye level and clamped into waiting chains, already stained with the blood of whoever was there before.
Dean pulled his arm back, roughly pulling the sleeve back in place. "It's a means to an end."
Dean gave one last squeeze of the angel's hand, closing his eyes and before long, he finally gave in to sleep.
"You've been in a motel before you know."
laws."
"You mean if Abaddon kills me, you think I'll go to hell." Dean repeated numbly.
Cas withdrew his head, and Dean opened his eyes, watching as Cas shifted forward and pulled off his coat. He moved to lean up against the door and pulled Dean against his chest, covering him with the coat. He looped his arm around the hunter. Dean tensed at first, but allowed himself to be led, finally relenting and relaxing against the angel.
"Something straightforward. It's a bad guy. We kill it. Nothing complicated or messy about that…"
Cas nodded, recalling Dean saying that in the cabin immediately before he stopped breathing.
"The first blade?" Dean responded, unimpressed.
Cas' expression softened, and he managed a small sad smile. "Of course Dean."
"Is he-?"
Dean allowed himself to close the distance, allowing himself to get lost in the embrace, even if only for a moment. Even then his mind screamed at him to let go and put those walls back in place, but he fought those thoughts with everything he had left in his tired soul. "I don't know how to say what I mean…" he muttered, his voice muffled as his face was obscured by Cas' shoulder.
"Dean-"
"Alright." Cas replied, leaving and returning with the warded lock box. He followed Dean to the kitchen, lighting the stove before awaiting instructions on what and how to assist.
In this new room he improvised, looping the shackle chains around a sturdy looking pipe, securing them in place.
"Dean…" Cas sounded unsure as he squinted at the hunter. "I think I need something…"
It had been a long journey from the hospital to there. The cabin was one of Bobby's old places. A safe house for hunters (he had a few across the country). It was only a couple hours from the hospital, but the awkward transfer from ambulance to van, and then the trip there, had taken a lot out of all of them. Dean had yet to wake up, and Sam was starting to get just a bit nervous.
"Thank you." Dean rasped.
Cas sighed. He knew he couldn't do anything, but it was still hard to fight the urge to ask anyway. He watched Dean absently pick at the plate of nachos Cas had ordered him. He felt an uncomfortable sorrow at thinking how the four chips Dean ate was an improvement over yesterday.
Cas sensed his exhaustion, moving forward in the hopes to guide Dean to sit on the bed, but as he reached to touch Dean's arm he found himself pulled into a crushing embrace instead. He was surprised at first, but slowly he reached up to wrap his arms around the hunter.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'll be out here if you need something." Dean dismissed, waving the hesitant angel off.
After a brief hesitation, Cas lifted his hand again, pressing it flat to the side of Dean's head. He would not normally take such a liberty, or invade Dean's privacy like this, but he felt deeply troubled by the things Dean spoke about. So deeply asleep, his surface level thoughts were quiet, but deeper Cas had more of a sense of Dean's innermost feelings, and he recoiled at their familiarity.
Crowley scowled and sighed. "Sam is sniffing around that bar we left a couple weeks back. The one with the twins?" He pushed his drink glass back across the bar. "Our dear Cas was in New York last I checked. No idea what lead has him over that way, though the way I hear it maybe his mind is gone too."
"Compression stockings." Sam corrected. "Unless you
To see Dean even upright and talking was a miracle in itself. Still. Cas could see Dean was barely holding his head above water as the waves threatened to overtake him. Some moments he seemed alright, but just seconds later his thoughts would wander, and then the pain would creep into his expression. He was doing well to hide it, but not well enough to fool Cas.
"Sup losers?" She easily greeted Cas, sparing a small sideways glance at Dean. She was trying her best to play it cool, but deep down she was more than a little concerned.
"That's not-"
The hunter chose to ignore him. "Malachi?"
Dean's head snapped up at Cas' bluntness. He opened his mouth to deny it, but he couldn't quite manage. He finally settled on a sigh, turning his focus down to turning the water bottle over in his hands.
There is a NEW CHAPTER there in Season 10. (What would be Chapter 49.) Please check it out!
Dean shook his head. "I'd be lying if I said that wasn't stressful on some level, but honestly it's low on the list of things weighing on my mind." He finished his beer and dropped the empty bottle back into the cooler, pulling out a fresh one. "I've spent so long up to my elbows digging through the crap Crowley has thrown at us and fighting just about every nasty evil thing I could get my hands on. And the entire time, Sam had me scared half to death he was going to drop dead before he could get close to completing the trials. Then he almost did for real and I just-" Dean cut himself off, realizing with abrupt alarm how close he was to letting tears escape.
was anything but.
"A gift from Lucifer to Cain as a reward for what he did to his brother. It's a symbol of one of the original evils in this world…"
Dean rolled his eyes. "Come on Castiel. We'd have eternity to figure this out." He insisted. "You turn me back, where does that leave me? Human? Great. Best case scenario you keep me locked up until I die of old age and it's right back to black eyes and blood."
Cas stood, following Dean to the bed, taking up the same position as the night before.
Cas looked up when he heard the phone ringing from the other room. He placed the plate in the drying rack and headed into the bedroom, grabbing it just before it went to voicemail. "Sam."
As Sam reluctantly returned to the car to get it out of the fire lane, Cas was left in the front lobby, covered in blood, looking after the door where they had taken Dean, feeling utterly alone.
"Don't." The simple request, though Dean looked unsure even as he said it.
Cas wasted no time pulling off to the side of the highway, putting the car in park and reaching out to put a hand on Dean's shoulder.
The hunter didn't break stride, injecting him before he threw the needle and walked out.
The angel once more wrapped his arms around the hunter, starting to drag him from the room, using a considerable amount of his waning angelic strength to avoid being brought to the ground with Dean as he thrashed. He looked sternly towards Gadreel, but the angel was already on the ground beside Sam, a hand coming up to heal him.
It was late morning before the hunter woke. Dean felt every bit as awful as he would have expected. It took more than a few minutes to gather up the willpower to drag himself out of bed. He stumbled to the sink in the corner of his room and ran the water, splashing his face to try to focus the static in his brain. It didn't work. He took a deep breath, coming up and staring at himself in the mirror. He wasn't wild about what he saw, but then, he rarely was. He opened the mirror cabinet, grabbing the bottle of aspirin, shaking a couple out and washing them down before he could think twice.
Sam had allowed her to bring him into the middle of the carnage. The first bodies had shocked him, the brutality with which they had been killed. This wasn't just a quick flick of the knife, these people were
The former angel found his eyes growing heavy again, and while he didn't fall asleep, he very nearly did. He snapped back when he heard Dean.
"Yes."
The hunter surveyed the larger cavern they found themselves in. He scanned his flashlight around, sweeping over the ground, making sure there were no surprises. He frowned, the light resting on something bright red. Glancing to make sure the two passageways were clear he moved forward to get a closer look. He stooped down, reaching out to what he could see now was a pile of backpacks. He pushed them each open, taking brief note of their contents. He stood back up, his brow furrowing as he tried to make sense of this new discovery.
The angel had his hand over Liam's head, protecting him from the branches as they continued to ram through the woods. He was the one who spotted the shed on the horizon. A small hunter's cabin, barely a small room, just 4 walls and a roof for shelter, but it was the best bet they had.
"I don't think I will get more ready." Dean admitted. "It might be better to stop putting it off."
Dean finished, grabbing his plate and walking past Cas to flop back down onto the leather chair once more. "Other one is yours." He said passively, digging in.
Castiel was doubtful the Men of Letters had anything for this unique set of circumstances, but he was hesitant to dash Sam's hopes.
It took awhile for Dean to more or less fully wake up. Reluctantly, he pulled himself up, deciding to at least attempt to change clothes before facing today. He slipped the nasal cannula off, pulling out his phone to check in with Sam while he went to battle with his clothes.
"Hey." Dean greeted absently, staring at the cat.
"Dean are you-"
"Fine, whatever." Dean turned back to him, looking Cas in the eyes. "Are you sure you're alright?"
"Of course Dean." He raised his hand to help him back into a deep and dreamless sleep.
"Cas?" Sam looked to confirm.
"I am fine Sam." Cas assured. "Just tired."
Cas caught up to their destination when they passed the sign on the side of the road announcing the final approach to the Grand Canyon.
want?"
Dean felt the bones in his leg shift uncomfortably, but soon after the pain faded. He even felt the agony coursing through his ribs recede to a dull ache. He allowed the angel to pull him to his feet, the shackle falling away and clunking against the concrete floor. "You're-"
For now he chose not to dwell on it, and simply be thankful for the newfound warmth he felt when he slept.
"Gadreel should be able to heal you fully when we get you back to the bunker." Cas offered gently.
"Yeah. Honestly I'm impressed he is okay enough to spend the day here."
"Figured you would have asked me if you wanted my opinion."
Crowley still had his hand clamped around Cas' bicep, careful not to let him go too early. "Compliments of one Dean Winchester."
"We're only maybe two miles from the car. Flare guns. It's our only way."
Dean started forward, giving a quick percussive knock to warn Sam it was just him before opening the door. He noted the intact salt line and repaired devils trap. Crowley hadn't been wrong. Bracing himself against what he was sure was inevitable rage, he kept moving forward. "Sam-"
"Don't you?"
Sam took a deep breath, trying to steer the conversation away from those memories. "Where did you guys go?"
"No, that's why
When Cas didn't move after he was done, Dean stood. "Come on, let's go back." He felt a small flicker of annoyance as he said it. That really
Dean rolled his eyes, wiping up the coffee with a couple paper towels. "Fell asleep watching a movie. Didn't expect anyone near me when I woke up." He grumbled defensively.
"You forgave
"The mark brought him back. He was dead one minute, and then..." Cas was having a hard time getting the air he needed to speak.
"I don't know if you're any better off."
"I have heard it said he is a good and an honorable angel."
"Near enough."
chance of finding one in Tonto." He shook his head. "And getting this close to town? There is
Castiel frowned. "Those who wish to return. And those who would cause destruction to the humans should they not. But no. I have learned the importance of agency over blind obedience. I would not wish to force an angel to return if they do not wish. Nor would I see you locked up again once having a fresh start."
"No? So it was just my imagination." Dean knew he hit a nerve. "Your very existence sucked the life out of my life. I never had a childhood. You never questioned it. You don't even know half the things I did to keep food on the table. Stealing was the
"We can't just give the tablet to Metatron." Sam tried to reason.
Cas followed his gaze, finding Dean on the floor, leaning against the wall with one arm up on his bent knee. He was in the devil's trap.
Dean would say he was just getting comfortable. Cas would observe that Dean was getting as far away as possible while also putting a barrier between them.
Cas gathered the hunter in his arms, pulling himself up to his feet.
. Dean wasn't sure what to make of that. He frowned, thinking back to watching Cas eat earlier. Cas had brushed it off, but Dean wasn't so sure it was as trivial as he made it seem. He wasn't really sure what to make of
Cas pulled the drawer open, removing a flexible tape measure out. "You know a lot about broken bones."
"Whatever. Glad you're safe." Dean pulled away, walking off to get some space himself, to regroup before he would rejoin them.
Sam cracked open his door and walked inside. "Hey… did you know Bobby had a lock-up in Western New York?"
"Maybe I shouldn't go back to the bunker."
Cas stood, following Dean to the bed, taking up the same position as the night before.
that."
"I'm alive."
"Stop? Is that what you really want?"
"He's been growing more agitated each day, feeling caged here." Cas sighed. "I missed the signs, and we reached a breaking point. I had set aside the knife, and he got a hold of it." He raised his hand, fingers brushing the bottom of the wound across his face. "I used a devil's trap bullet to slow him down and get back here."
Cas hesitated, considering his next move carefully. Slowly he shifted down slightly, slipping himself next to the older Winchester, pressing against him beneath the pile of blankets. He hesitated, looking at Dean to see if the hunter would object in his half-awake state. He froze as Dean moved but relaxed tentatively as Dean seemed to react to the warmth by leaning into it, settling fully against and slightly on top of Cas.
Sam walked back out into the hallway and backed in with an ambulance stretcher. "Awkwardly."
." Sam said firmly, starting to feel himself panic at the sight of the angel unraveling.
Sam closed his eyes, letting out his breath. "Then how many people will die?" He swallowed. "Yeah."
"You saved Sam. You saved Kevin. You protected my family. And I'm fine."
It took Sam by surprise. The expression was so foreign. He looked happy,
Cas regarded Dean carefully, not letting his guard down. He could see the power falling off the hunter like wisps of black smoke.
"Fine, okay I'm ready."
"Yes." Sam replied, turning and finally looking directly at his brother.
"Cas, sit down…" Sam's voice shook and he reached out to try to help the angel to a chair, but Cas pushed his hands away.
Cas' blank stare hardened into one of annoyance, and he directed his ire back towards the doorway.
"How was Tom?"
Dean closed his book, expression guarded. "A case?"
"Sam I must return to help the others."
Cas considered this, knowing what Dean was actually apologizing for. He felt a complex stirring of emotion at the thought. But his mind then returned to the moment Dean arrived from his slaughter on the Cape, soaked with blood, a wild spark in his black eyes. He shuddered at the thought, finding his mind spiraling once again. He was brought back when the strong arms around him hugged tighter.
." Dean snapped, angrily. He looked over and made eye contact with Cas. He felt a pang in his chest and his breath stuttered, not expecting to feel any such emotion. He watched as the fallen angel closed his eyes, leaning his head back against the wall in defeat.
They didn't talk or move for close to an hour. At some point Cas had drifted off, completely spent from the physical toll the spell took. When he woke there was sunlight streaming through the barn, and he could hear the deeper breathing of the unconscious hunter behind him.
"Or maybe you just need reminding." Dean replied simply, digging the knife in once more.
Cas watched him. "Are you suggesting or asking?"
"Kevin?"
"Fuck…" Dean didn't acknowledge the former angel. He looked around, tears just pricking the back of his eyes as the gravity of what just happened set in. He looked to Cas desperately. "Angels who are banished… do they land together?"
"I think it sent him back there. To Eastham." He continued. "He sort of shut down after that."
"Sam." Dean took a breath, catching up to the sudden change. "I'm okay, are you-"
"Do you know where they went?"
"What happens now?"
"I don't give a damn what you believe. Is. That. Understood?"
Cas nodded. "Of course." He tilted his head at Dean's confused look. "Wherever you were during the apocalypse, barring my death, I would follow your lead."
"Shuddup." Dean replied. He grimaced as he tried to take a deep breath.
Dean abruptly rolled himself out from under the car, sitting up, expression exasperated. "Oh
He pushed it aside again.
Sam watched him leave, turning back to find Dean rolling his eyes again. "So he almost died?"
." Cas' voice was pleading, feeling more than a little thrown at how unrecognizable Dean Winchester was at this moment.
"Yeah, but that was before April zapped your ass back to factory settings."
This time the hunter found himself staying in for once. Cas suggested they watch another movie, and although Dean was fairly sure the angel was just suggesting that because he thought it was what he wanted, he didn't mind, and agreed. A pizza and a couple beers later, and he was surprised how much he didn't care about skipping his normal bar hopping routine.
"This is the only thing we have that can get near taking out Metatron. If you want to sit around here with your head up your ass, that's on you, but me? I'm going to go kill him."
He rolled, extracting himself from the heavy dead weight of Dean's arm. He heard the hunter wake, and met green eyes when he finally managed to look.
Cas struggled weakly. "Dean what are you doing?" He took in the hunter's appearance. The new shirt he had put on was already torn in several places and stained with a modest amount of blood, evidence that he had been in quite a fight subduing this angel.
"You guys from around here?"
But the thing that really threw him, Dean could feel Castiel's wings.
"Interesting." Dean said simply, his eyes never leaving the screen.
Castiel allowed a small smile of his own. "No. I do not." He absently stroked his thumb back and forth over the hunter's collar bone.
"Oh. Zeek. Cas should be able to-" He cut himself off as Cas' hand landed roughly on his shoulder, pulling Dean back and behind him. He looked at the angel, trying to figure out what just happened.
He caught it, and frowned, looking away from Dean's mostly bared form.
This time he remained.
They fell silent, the angel focusing on the slight sting of the needle being pulled through his skin, grateful he was still there to feel it.
"Good. Now put Sam back on the line and get out of my sight."
"No can do Sammy, I am well overdue for a shower."
"Really, Castiel. You're going to have to do better than that. We can be on the same side here… Join up against Bartholemew. Usher in a new heaven. Just tell me how to undo the spell."
"And you?"
"What did you two name it?"
"Yeah. I think so."
"It's going to be loud and scary like it was yesterday, but I need you to be brave. Just keep your head down and hold on, okay?"
Kevin looked up from the library where he had his work spread out.
"I don't think I will get more ready." Dean admitted. "It might be better to stop putting it off."
"He said he threw it deep into the ocean."
Finally, with the task done, Castiel began the slow process of finding his way out of this mess. Once he located the stairs he carefully navigated his way up and through the ruined ground floor of the hotel before managing to push through the last remnants of the angel warding and get outside.
Sam nodded, opening the door and starting back inside. He froze as he saw Dean sitting, head completely limp. "Dean?" He hurried in, coming up to him. No response. He shook the demon slightly, then harder, slapping him before Dean so much as stirred. "Hey… you okay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas nodded. "He'll have a few hours until his dreams return."
Cas nodded slowly. "And we cannot return with him." He said slowly.
(See the end of the chapter for
The former angel shrugged into the dark material, grateful to be able to cover his bare chest with a layer of cloth. "I am sorry, you must have had such an uncomfortable rest." He gestured to the chair.
The angel felt his heart clench, seeing the hunter break. He finally dared to bridge the gap between them, slowly as if trying not to startle a wild animal. He came to stop right in front of him, hesitating before slowly reaching towards him.
"That new for you?"
Sam's half glaring expression told Dean his argument had fallen flat, but he wasn't about to back down now. "I'll offer it." he finally said, his voice dropping into that gruff tone that told his brother he wasn't going to argue about it anymore.
Dean stared blankly for a moment before scowling. "Wait… you're not serious?"
Cas' eyes widened, and he looked around the seemingly empty room. "Dean?"
"Sure. You know how to get here?"
Castiel slipped onto the bed next to him, pulling the hunter against his chest, holding him tight. He closed his eyes, pressing the side of his cheek to Dean's head, taking hollow comfort in the warmth.
Castiel walked the few blocks, taking in the silence of the small sleepy town of Lebanon, Kansas. There wasn't a whole lot to it. With less than 250 people living there, "town" consisted of just a handful of buildings, and only one bar, which, by Cas' estimate of time, had closed probably a half hour before Dean bothered to pray to him.
Cas just gazed at him steadily. "We need to refer to her as something."
Cas nodded, looking somewhat sullen.
"You should be the one resting." Cas' voice sounded strained.
"Dean-"
"You're right Sam. I lied. And yeah, I had a choice not to, but Ezekiel, or Gadreel, either way, he said that it was safer not to, and I believed him."
"I don't care if Sam knows. I only care about getting you to the bunker and starting the cure."
"I have nothing."
Dean closed his eyes, leaning into the touch ever so slightly.
"What are your plans for after you leave here?"
Cas finally made it to the bottom of the stairs. He tried to interrupt, to help in some way. "Sam he-"
"Yeah." Sam finally spoke, scraping the last bit of breakfast onto plates. "Gadreel." He walked over, sliding a plate in front of Kevin and one in front of Dean. He returned for the final two plates, placing one in front of Cas and finally sitting with his own.
Cas studied him for a moment, taking in his stiff posture and tense shoulders. The angel hesitated a moment before he walked over, putting his back to the wall and allowing himself to slide down to sit next to Dean. He reached over, presenting his hand for Paka to lean into and invite contact.
Cas seemed to consider this for a moment. "The day's events were… tiring." He said at last. "Sam and I were quite concerned when you did not wake after we left the hospital. Sam fixed the surgical stitching and set up an IV. It seemed to help."
"Right…" Dean said, this time actually processing what was said. "And we're snuggled up because…?"
"Yeah, we're going to have to." Dean shook his head. "God, that's like a cup of water on a forest fire."
Dean muttered something under his breath that Cas didn't catch, but Sam threw a sideways semi-evil smirk at his brother.
The demon narrowed his eyes. "You're afraid of me."
"Leaving the clothes was a nice touch. Very gentlemanly of you to protect my modesty." He threw a glance backwards, not sure if the younger hunter was sleeping or not. "Or were you just trying to hide your shame from my brother?"
The angel allowed his hand to drop, standing awkwardly and watching the hunter ignore his food and go back to writing. "You are uncomfortable." He said simply.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Cas, do you think you can help heal Ezekiel? Get Sam back on his feet?" He tucked the angel blade into his inner jacket pocket, straightening up and finally daring to look at the angel.
Dean walked forward once more, casually lifting Cas fully to his feet, rough hands holding him in place again so he didn't fall. The demon looked at Cas, emotions hidden. He bore black eyes into Cas' blue. "You're really not much good for anything right now, are you?"
Dean rolled three onions across the counter to him. "Let's start with these. They're going to take the longest to cook. Thin slices"
wait until tomorrow, for his own sanity. Right now he had music and he had whiskey, and that's all he needed to focus on until he could forget.
"Well, it worked out." Dean sighed.
"What do you mean?" Sam asked, unsure of where the angel was going with this.
"What did-"
"But Sam returned."
"You have nothing to apologize for." Dean insisted firmly. "
"Alright. Watch your back."
"I'll call if I find anything."
Cas cracked open his eyes, looking up at Sam while Dean was busy. "How did you know to look for me?" His voice was rough and ended with a cough.
"Yeah, fat lot of good
"If I become a demon again." Dean's voice lowered. "No guys. You gotta stop that. I told you I'm not going to let myself be that thing. You have to take me out."
Cas finally allowed himself to lean against the uninjured side of the hunter's chest, feeling completely out of place. This was unlike the gruff hunter, but right now he didn't care. After everything they had been through, every near death experience in their lives, and the four just this month, he needed this comfort. He relaxed as he felt Dean's steady breath, clearly broadcasting that the hunter still lived.
Dean allowed the kiss, holding himself back from deepening it, allowing Cas to guide the outcome this time. He breathed, forcing a part of his mind to keep his emotions in check. He feared a repeat of the loss of control he had experienced last time they got close.
When he didn't respond, Dean felt the annoyance spike into something dangerously close to anger. He took a slow breath, shoving that aside too, grounding himself in the moment. "No use sitting around here." He continued, his voice not wavering. He turned and headed back towards the chair, feeling himself regain control of his emotions, carefully keeping the static at bay.
Sam looked at the faded cover of the book on the table. "And you found the book?"
They made their way down the damp hallway of cells, finally making their way cautiously up the steps at the end. At last they made it to a door that looked like it led outside. Dean came right up to it, readying to push it open. He signaled to Cas with his hand to have his blade at the ready for however many angels might be guarding outside. Then in one swift motion he had the door open and he pushed out just after Cas.
Cas snatched his hand, yanking it down and pushing his sleeve back to reveal the mark. Sam noticed both Cas and Gadreel tense at once. "What have you done?"
"Is there more?"
The angel's face relaxed into one of displeasure. "I do not believe this is wise."
more risk than the last time.
They were just entering the lobby when they heard the officer assuring a woman that it was unlikely her family were actually missing. She started towards the door, her expression crushed as she was turned away from help. Dean quickened his step, gently touching her on the shoulder, already pulling his badge out to show her. "Sorry Ma'am, What's wrong?"
Dean shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe. But you've only been at it a few days, give it a few more." He shook his head. "Meanwhile, why don't you try taking off your shoes, and maybe laying down while you're at it."
, Cas." He spat.
"Isn't that driving you nuts?"
Cas looked up, making eye contact with Dean as his face morphed into some cross between fear and dread.
"You shouldn't feel it if you are far enough away."
Dean rounded on him instantly. Sam met Dean's knee before he was hauled up into Dean's hands. Cas began running forward, but Dean had already pulled back and rammed Sam's head against the brick tile wall. Sam slid down the wall, leaving a smear of blood behind. Cas grabbed Dean, pulling him off his brother where he was already rearing back to kick him while he was down.
On reflection, Castiel should have known better than to push it.
look appealing. Reluctantly he grabbed it, opting to sit at the small wooden table nearer the kitchen to eat.
Castiel watched Dean warily from his spot, still chained to the wall. The demon had returned just seconds ago, but he looked
A small smile crossed Sam's face, and he looked at the doorway his brother had just left through. "Yeah."
Sam hung up the phone and allowed himself to sink to the ground, his back to the impala. He was too shaky to drive for the moment, and so he didn't even try. He coughed, trying to clear the pungent smell of smoke from his nose, though it was in the air, and on his clothes, and it was unlikely he'd get away from it any time soon.
Sam looked thoughtful. "Alright. Dean, you go with Crowley, see if you can get your hands on this first blade. I'll back up Kevin, we'll get Mrs. Tran out of there." He looked up at Cas. "Do you mind backing up Gadreel when he meets Metatron?"
"Tell Kevin we're leaving, get in the car." Before he could lay his hand on the door his phone rang and he whipped it out. "Cas?"
"You just missed Kevin." Sam finished his drink, not hesitating to refill it. "He's going to stay out of the bunker for a while. He's a bit shaken up, but he'll be alright."
The angel reached down and absently stroked the cat's growing fur. "Most human languages. There are still many magick languages, more obscure languages, and demonic tongues that I am unfamiliar with."
Cas furrowed his brow. He considered for a moment. “West?” He offered, uncertain.
Cas looked back to Dean, ignoring the subsequent yells in the distance. They were protected. "What is the plan?"
"Cas, what if this really
"You were almost human again."
Dean sighed. He sank down to sit next to himself on the bed opposite Cas. "This is getting old real fast."
Frowning, Cas tried to come up with a logical reason to resist Dean's instructions, but he came up empty. Giving in, he let himself curl up in the middle of his bed again, and before even five minutes had passed he was out cold.
"Not me personally, but yes. The nephilim and the father."
Sam was just hanging up the phone from his pleas with Dean's voicemail when Cas returned. He looked at Cas, despair on his face. "We have to find Metatron first. You two go to heaven. Power him down. I can stall."
Back on the road, Cas watched the tension almost completely leave the hunter's shoulders, the clear destination and the promise of a hunt doing good to focus his mind. He couldn't completely dismiss the quiet worry in the back of his mind, but he couldn't ignore the clear benefit to Dean right now either. He let himself relax slightly and think on the case ahead of them.
"It is unnecessary."
Dean finally woke only two hours into their trip, more than a little annoyed with the situation he found himself in. He had tried sniping at both of them, but he found both of them too worn out to rise to the bait. Eventually he resigned himself to watching the rest of Massachusetts give way into New York.
"What-"
Sam nodded. "Meanwhile I'll see if I can track him down."
"What's the cat's name?"
"'M too cold." Dean weakly tried to pull the blankets closer to himself, but he was already bundled and his arms wouldn't cooperate. "Cas?"
Dean crumpled the now empty wrapper and threw it behind them, not caring where it landed. He re-positioned himself so his back could rest against the door, and one foot came back up to sit flat on the bench seat between them. He grabbed the bottle of water into his hands, but didn't make any moves to open it.
Sam's hands were trembling, making it painfully slow to assemble the oxygen tank with the right hoses, and attach it to the mask. Twice he almost dropped the tank itself, but finally everything was running. He tried to calm his racing heart as he took control of the mask back from Cas.
" 'M too cold." He muttered again, his eyes slipping shut.
Sam managed to make it almost out of New York again before the road started to blur dangerously enough he had to stop.
"It was… a plan." Dean tried, knowing how incredibly stacked the odds had been when he made the plan. "It was a better plan than Cas' suicidal just-give-them-me plan." He gave a half shrug and a weak grin at his brother's flat glare. "Anyway, it went about as well as you'd expect."
Castiel didn't betray any emotion as he looked at Dean. He wasn't willing to give into the trap he knew the demon was setting up.
"Yes Dean." Cas replied, his tone firm and leaving no room for interpretation. "I am fine."
Castiel shrugged. "Perhaps as with my shoulder, it did not completely fix the problem."
"My injuries are on the other side. This causes me no physical distress."
"What did you tell him?"
Dean spoke with the front desk man, getting the key to take a look. They parked their car and started through the labyrinth that was this outdoor storage facility. Very different to his dad's, this place was far from clean, but had much less of a murderer's basement kind of vibe. The alley ways leading up to the storage units were narrow and covered in slush. Dean started to remember why he hated upstate New York in the late fall. The roads might be clear, but everything else always seemed to be covered in some amount of snow from October through February. Cas would describe the snowy woods near the roads as "aesthetically pleasing" but Dean mostly focused on places like this, full of dirty slush just waiting to soak through the bottoms of your jeans.
Sam finished cutting a slice of pie, plating it and setting it aside. He wasn't sure what exactly was going on with his brother, but he was more than a little worried. He was pretty sure Dean wasn't telling him everything about what happened with Malachi. He frowned, thinking back on Dean's words.
Sam had been avoiding talking to Cas. He spent the entire ride with his headphones in, trying to keep his mind focused on a series of podcasts, and ignore the occasional kicks and yells from the back. Cas for his part had insisted on driving the rest of the way home, the task keeping his mind off Dean more effectively than conversation could.
Dean allowed himself to be led to the passenger side, surprised when Cas took the liberty of just reaching into his pocket for the keys before opening the door and gently pushing him inside. "Cas,
Cas caught her eyes and gave her the slightest shake of the head, and she returned with a similar nod. She coughed, pointedly changing the subject. "So, you guys know about the huge blizzard coming this way?"
Cas had returned to his own room with the intention of sleep, but try as he might, he couldn't manage. Sensations were both new and hard to ignore. The world seemed at one moment the barest too warm, too cool the next. He was becoming acquainted with a new type of pain. As an angel, pain was an intense sensation, arising when something dramatic happened to the vessel. As a human he was learning what it was to ache. Everything hurt, just a little. If he stood too quickly, the room spun the slightest bit. Sitting still, his head… felt full. It was the only way he could think to describe the feeling, he just could
." Dean muttered from the corner. He pushed just a little further against the trap.
Dean put his hands up slightly, trying to placate the confusion before it could turn hostile.
"What does that do?"
Dean shook his head. "I don't know." He took a brief look around the interior of the car before shrugging and writing it off. "Weird feeling."
"You don't need to say anything."
Dean swallowed, testing the theory. "
"Yeah." Dean grunted, pulling himself up to sit, scrubbing his hands over his face to try and shake the last bit of sleep from his brain. He noticed that it wasn't a blanket across him, but rather Cas' tan overcoat. He pushed it aside. "What time is it?"
"Yes… are you? There's something different about you."
"Anyway, I'm going to get some sleep. Don't stay up too late."
"I healed from it for a while." He paused for a moment, making up his mind on what to skip. "I found an opportunity and I knocked him out. I painted the devil's trap and managed to crack the wall to split the warding and call you."
"God yes." Dean sighed, scrubbing his hands over his face. "Help me sit up a bit, will you?"
"I don't know how."
"What are your plans for after you leave here?"
"What happened?"
"One Linda Tran."
"Are you sure it's what you want? Forget Sam and I, are you sure that this is what
"Thanks Dean." Cas repeated. He began to leave again.
Dean sighed, his face crossing into exasperation before falling into a more neutral position. "Fine. I'm coping okay?" He snapped gently.
"Dean?"
"And what, lock him down entirely?"
The angel Dean believed to be Ezekiel lowered his head, looking up with what looked like a pained expression. "I am aware."
Castiel took a deeper breath, forcing his emotions back under control. They really came on too quickly and strongly for him to predict and avoid now that he was human. As sorry as he had been as an angel, the memory of hitting Dean,
Sam pulled a can of heat resistant spray paint out of one of the smaller plastic bag. He shook it, leaning down to spray the front of the wood burning stove. He carefully outlined the same sigil that protected the trunk of the impala, effectively locking the metal door.
Cas finally looked away, taking a step back, suddenly uncomfortable with the proximity.
"Thanks." Dean muttered.
Cas spread his hands. "I am not sure. He was the scribe to god, there is no telling what he knows of the workings of heaven."
Cas shook his head slowly. "I do not think your soul is marked for damnation either."
By the time Sam returned to take over watch, the Angel had drifted off, arm across Dean's chest, carefully attuned to his breathing even in sleep. Sam settled into the armchair in the corner, not bothering to wake them. He would let them get whatever rest they could.
He didn't focus on the voices talking to him just yet though, and he strained against a firm hand on his shoulder trying to keep him from moving as he peered out the open back doors, waiting for a glimpse of Dean. He was relieved when not two minutes later a second stretcher was brought up and loaded into the same ambulance, the door shutting behind him. He let himself sink back against the stretcher, hearing the paramedic give a brief summary to what he assumed was the hospital they were heading towards.
"I…" Cas shut his mouth, thinking for a moment. His posture deflated slightly. "I seem to be unable to do anything right these past few days." He admitted.
"As an additional safeguard." Cas cut him off, his tone leaving no room for argument. Dean would have no access to the outside world. The only means of communication available was the phone currently in Cas' pocket.
The younger hunter took a moment to study Dean. His face was serious, keeping a good facade. But Sam could see the slight shake in his hands, see how pale he was. "Dean-"
"Good. Now put Sam back on the line and get out of my sight."
"I don't think so. She got dented, but I'm pretty sure it's salvageable."
"Hey." Dean called back, clanging down the metal staircase. He slid the light jacket off, tossing it over one of the chairs. He nodded at Cas who started towards the bedroom, with intent to check in on the cat.
"I had hoped to consult you on life as an angel amongst humans. I have heard of you over the years. I know you have experience."
Dean pulled a face. "What, don't trust your own brother?"
Silence.
"A cold… you're getting a cold?"
"Huh."
"That's a relief."
But it was a risk he had to weigh against the alternative. Years of hunting had taught him to never ignore his gut instinct, and his gut was telling him not to leave Cas alone with Ezekiel. He didn't trust the angel not to take control and put Cas out of the bunker, or worse.
"Damn right I am!" Dean snapped, his earlier thoughts of volume control evaporating.
"I sent my mom to the hotel. I just…" He looked at Sam imploringly. "Dean is my friend… I want to be here. To help."
Dean turned back to Sam.
"I'll keep that in mind." The angel replied absently.
"I wouldn't let you die." Dean said firmly.
Even now, the angel hesitated before finally opening the door to 7b, and walking in to face the bound Knight of Hell.
The frown did not go unnoticed. "It was an unavoidable course of action."
"Yes." Crowley snapped. "Dean as a demon is a loose cannon, and the last thing I want is for it to be aimed at me and mine." He frowned. "Common goal and all that."
"Now, the question is, are you human enough you cry?" Dean asked, amusement working its way into his tone as he watched the angel begin to slice the onions.
Dean closed the laptop, shoving it to the end of Cas' bed where they both sat to watch it. He finished off his beer, setting the bottle on the nightstand. "Yeah. He had some all over… we probably only know about a handful of them, he didn't exactly have time to write us a list before…" He let the sentence drift off.
Cas cleared his throat. "How are
"Great." Dean's tone was heavy with sarcasm.
"Good." Dean said, reaching down and turning the music on the crappy radio station up high enough to discourage any more talk until they reached their destination.
"I am afraid taking me with you on missions is less effective than you had hoped."
"Sort of?"
"Dean… When they called me after the accident I thought you were going to be
"With the blade."
"Samuel, at least listen to what I have to ask before throwing it out." Dean growled, his eyes turning black as the annoyance threatened to ignite in the mark. He took a deep breath, managing to shove it down for the moment.
"None at all." Dean stood, throwing down a twenty before turning to leave.
The hunter rolled his eyes. "Sam sam sam. Yes. I get it. Demon cure, blah blah." He tightened his grip on Cas' coat, abruptly yanking him off the wall and up against him, taking most of his weight. A blink and they were somewhere else. The demon kept his grasp firmly on Castiel, holding him up in the center of the room they now stood in.
"I looked through his mind, seeing if it were possible to ease the pain, or if necessary take the memories entirely."
Dean was in the library, sipping on a glass of whiskey and flipping through a journal of one P. R. Richards; a man of letters who had a lot of interesting theories on angelic interactions. He heard the open and shut of the outer door and glanced at his watch, frowning at the late time. He listened to the foot falls get closer, and saw his brother stroll in while slipping off his jacket. "Where were you off to after midnight?"
Castiel nodded, taking note of the complicated expression on the demon's face.
Dean shrugged, putting a plate and mug in front of Cas who immediately dug in. He finally grabbed his own plate and joined them at the six person table in the corner of the kitchen. "Cas' first breakfast in the bunker. Deserved more than dry cocoa crunch." He leaned back against the wall, absently picking up the paper Sam slid over to him. "Anything look like our kind of deal?"
But Dean didn't look like he had the strength to get mad. Frankly he looked pale enough Sam was a little worried he'd pass out right here and now. He mentally kicked himself for not managing to keep the conversation light and distracting enough until after Dean had managed to eat something.
Dean nodded, relieved. He gave Sam a lot of shit about being a nerd, but he was thankful for his obsessive studies of the bunker's warding now. He kept his shotgun at the ready as they rode the elevator up to the fifth floor, and as the doors opened they could already hear the commotion. They rounded the corner, seeing the three demons, clawing at the open door like wild animals, being held back by some unseen force. As soon as they caught their attention, Dean raised up the shotgun and began loading them up with rock salt while Sam began his well rehearsed exorcism.
"That is not Ezekiel." Cas said, his voice low. His posture had changed dramatically. He was tense, but in a way that was ready to spring into action. It was more than a little intimidating.
Cas was surprised by the offer. By the invitation of contact and comfort. By everything. He tensed, considering lying, considering burying it deep and away. But Dean was here, and was Dean again, and he felt himself cave to the request. "Every time I close my eyes… I see you… I feel your bones break under my fist. I feel your ribs shatter. I feel-" Cas took a deep breath. "I can feel myself kill you over and over again."
Sam sighed. "Like I said-"
"Dean said you needed food now."
The demon nodded towards the mug in Cas' hand, a smirk settling on his face. "Boy this coffee is hot." He crossed his arms. "Kind of like-"
"Yeah buddy. You'll be relieved to know a cold is not quite as bad a feeling as a life threatening infection." Dean tightened his grip on Cas to keep him steady as he pushed himself up past him to switch off the water. He settled back against the wall, letting Cas keep his position.
"Nah. Besides, you're good company." Dean dismissed.
He was surprised how fast the ambulance arrived at its destination, the rear door opening the instant they came to a complete stop. He tried to hear the rushed report Amy was throwing to a team of medics outside the door, but it was hard to hear over the sound of the helicopter idling on the pad just outside. He shivered slightly at the sudden return of cold air, but he was quickly covered with a warm blanket. He strained to see sideways, as Dean was similarly covered and they were unloaded.
At that moment they both seemed so content.
"You're kidding." Sam said flatly. "Cas, he nearly
Cas startled, looking around him, then up at Dean. He looked at the paused movie and managed to look slightly embarrassed. "I'm sorry. I did not intend to fall asleep."
Sam gave an involuntary snort of laughter. "Have you
Sam brought a hand up to rub his eyes. "I powered down the warding. I was going to summon Crowley."
His hazy view shifted upwards to look at the monitor next to him, and he frowned, his sluggish brain struggling to catch up to what he was seeing. His heart skipped a beat. Blood, spattered across the broken screen. He struggled to pull himself upright but his limbs wouldn't cooperate and even through the morphine he could feel the pain that told him to slow down. He looked sideways, to the floor, scattered with the bloodied bodies of nurses with their throats slit. He heard a noise near the door, a thud and then a scream. He saw the door handle to his room turning and he struggled to find purchase on anything near him, trying not to be caught completely helpless. A familiar figure entered. "
Sam exchanged a concerned glance with Cas.
"If that's what it takes." He met Cas' gaze and held firm.
Cas took a deep breath. "You know with the scale of the things he did as a demon, I don't know if he'll be able to resist as long as he did."
The silence this time was comfortable. Cas let it stretch on for a while before he spoke again. "At least it is warmer here than New York."
Dean frowned. "Sorry, man." He said softly, awkwardly leaning back in the chair. Sitting now, he finally felt the events leading up to this click into place in his mind, and he found himself suddenly exhausted.
"Cas, that's not-"
At some point, he started waking up to Cas standing over his bed, in a proper nod to old times.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Whatever. But you
Dean furrowed his brow, turning to look again to Cas for his reaction but he was surprised as Cas moved forward at the angel. Castiel had Gadreel and therefore Sam against the wall, his hand around his throat.
Sam heard the tone. "But…?"
"It would appear you have little choice in the matter."
"We'll figure it out. I'm sorry Dean." He backed up, grabbing and sliding the bookshelf door shut.
him. He processed this new information. Cas must've talked to Sam after he had fallen back asleep. Sam was always needling him with little inconsequential things that he knew Dean would complain about. He did the same when Sam was hurt. It was their unspoken barometer for how they were doing. If you didn't rise to the bait, you weren't feeling yourself. He narrowed his eyes at the angel but didn't say anything, looking over the somewhat blackened pop tarts before choosing to sip at the coffee for a second first.
"Sam. Get out of the way. I'm not asking again."
Sam reacted with surprise, but Cas just leaned down and gathered Dean into his arms, his expression detached, and his posture defeated. Sam hesitated for just a moment before turning to pick up Dean's duffel, boots, and the first blade. He followed the angel's path out of the hotel.
Dean looked away again, feeling a rising heat in his face, and it wasn't shame this time. It was anger. As if this wasn't hard enough without Cas being… whatever the hell Cas was being right now. He clenched his fist, breathing through it until it faded slightly.
When he was done, Dean turned, leaning back against the far door, his body sinking down onto the freshly clean leather as the exhaustion caught up. He crumpled the rag, tossing it across the bench and onto the floor. He hesitated before he caught Cas' eyes, raising his hand to beckon the angel into the car.
They all knew it wasn't going to last. But right here, with a kitchen full of makeshift family and table set with chinese food, they could all pretend.
"I'm fine." Dean growled, taking a heaping forkful and forcing it into his mouth. He tried to ignore the flutter of discomfort at eating it in spite of his disinterest. He reached for his coffee to wash it down. "What about you?"
Dean's smirk fell into a scowl and he bristled slightly as he let himself lean the rest of the way back. "Yeah, this is going to be just
The newly imprisoned angel turned sideways to make eye contact with him. "Castiel… should have figured I'd find you here with this stain."
"I may have overheated the pastry snacks."
"Want Cas and I to suit up?"
521 N, Main St. Tonopah, Nevada. Address of one world famous clown motel.
"Castiel?"
Cas scanned his eyes over the arm where the mark remained. "It wasn't worth it. Your life to take down Abaddon. I don't know what to do now. Watch out for Sam, of course. With my grace the way it is though, I fear it may not be much longer that I am able to do that." He blinked a few times, finally managing to compose himself for the moment. "Gadreel stayed behind to help repair heaven. I brought the pieces of the tablet back to Kevin. He thinks he can piece it together, it'll just take longer than the ones before." He wasn't sure why he was giving progress reports on everyone in the bunker. As if it mattered.
start." Dean rolled his eyes. "I am already dreading the lecture I'm going to get from Sam about this. He paused. "But I will."
Cas withdrew his head, and Dean opened his eyes, watching as Cas shifted forward and pulled off his coat. He moved to lean up against the door and pulled Dean against his chest, covering him with the coat. He looped his arm around the hunter. Dean tensed at first, but allowed himself to be led, finally relenting and relaxing against the angel.
"Yes."
"Dean, please stop."
Cas studied him for a moment, taking in his stiff posture and tense shoulders. The angel hesitated a moment before he walked over, putting his back to the wall and allowing himself to slide down to sit next to Dean. He reached over, presenting his hand for Paka to lean into and invite contact.
"No Cas, this is on me. And before that… you only were in there because I didn't tell Sam about Gadreel and the angels got
your plan?" Crowley seemed unimpressed. "Can you even walk like that? You're going to back
Cas spread his hands. "I am not sure. He was the scribe to god, there is no telling what he knows of the workings of heaven."
Sam's expression turned immediately to concern at the drop in Dean's voice. "What's wrong?" He asked, his head going through the list of possibly post-op complications.
Cas gave a small smile. "I'm glad
The low, rough voice was so nearly familiar, and it made Cas' chest ache. He leaned back as far as the hunter would let him, backed against the wall, trying to get a look at his face, to get a sense of what the hunter was thinking. "Dean… we've been looking for you."
of us?" Dean asked.
Now at night, there is an unspoken agreement. When Dean Winchester finally settles onto his bed, Castiel takes up his place beside him. Sometimes when Dean wakes their foreheads are just barely touching, or Cas' hand rests on his arm. The proximity is always calming enough that sleep returns to the hunter in a matter of minutes.
"Crowley?"
Sam and Cas were pleasantly surprised when Dean actually sat down with them and managed to eat.
"Gladly. One of you turns the power back on, and opens the front door and I'll be happy to be on my merry way. You can keep god's librarian."
"So you said there was some sort of spell." Sam interrupted, trying to get the conversation back on track. He could see from the slow way Dean was blinking that he was losing the opportunity to question them quickly. "Tell me more about it."
The trip up through Pennsylvania was fairly uneventful. Music, open roads, and one fought-over bag of licorice (much to Dean's delight and then irritation). This time at the motel they didn't get into any overly deep conversations, and the lack of vulnerability made for a much more relaxed evening. This time the movie ended once more with Dean asleep on Cas' bed. Learning from his experience, the angel snuck off and moved over to the other one before giving in to sleep himself.
"I'm texting the coordinates and breaking the devils trap at the door. Get here
"I brought you upstairs." Dean replied.
Dean whipped his head around, squinting to look outside the car at their surroundings. “Dude… you’ve been driving for like 26 hours straight.”
"Unless you want to leave Pack-rat behind."
"I was doing stuff."
Cas looked sideways, giving a weak and exhausted smile. "Never do that again." He said, trying to break the tension a bit by quoting Dean from just a couple weeks ago when he had died by April's hands.
The shuffle immediately behind him warned him just in time to turn, arm up to block the razor sharp claws that ripped towards him. He snapped his gun up sideways, bashing the werewolf in the mouth, staggering him for a moment.
"Your brother and your boyfriend have split up, and as far as I can gather, they've deputized more than a few hunters to keep an eye out for you. It would seem they're casting a pretty wide net."
"We'll try our best." Cas finally said.
Growing bored of it anyway, he rolled his eyes, tossing it at Cas without warning.
The plan seemed solid, and the three were on their way to the garage to leave when they heard the crash in the library area. Sam turned towards the sound, Cas following close behind. They discovered the lock box opened and empty, the smell of sulfur thick in the air. Cas turned and ran, checking on what he already knew was true. The cellar was empty. Dean was gone.
The angel froze, holding up a hand to Theo to silence him. He looked at Theo, and nodded towards the shelving unit.
Sam reached him first, striking to try and get the angel blade out of Dean's hands. The older Winchester was ready, knocking him back and slashing out with the weapon, catching Sam across the chest, not yet deep enough to maim him.
"Was it that obvious in the books?" Sam and Dean had promised each other not to read them. To allow them to maintain some amount of separation and privacy.
Sam nodded to his brother and stood without another word, heading out and leaving Dean with Crowley.
"Emotions as a human are intense, and they are unmanageable, but they are pure and… readily accessed. I did not gain an aptitude for expressing them while I was without my grace, but now I find that they are even more difficult to put into words."
Dean's body bucked involuntarily as it struggled for air, and his eyes clamped shut with agony as the movement tore at his rib cage. Cas leaned forward, pressing down against his shoulder, helping to hold him firm against further movement without putting added stress on his injuries.
Crowley spread his hands. "I'm offering you much more than that. Come with me."
Cas dried the board without comment, setting it back into its place. "We'll see." He said at last. He picked up the lock box and walked it back to the bedroom, tossing it over the salt and onto the bed from the open doorway.
"Demon spotted him heading into a motel out near White Plains, barely on his feet. If I had to guess I'd wager his grace will burn out some time in the next week or so. Should help decrease our odds of discovery."
"Sam was in my way. Cas there is one thing that is important right now. Finding Metatron, and putting that blade through his chest."
Before he could ask, Cas continued. "I was directed to a laundromat, and I intended to wash them with the remainder of the money given to me by the man who first gave me a ride off the mountain. However it seemed more strategic to satisfy my vessel's need for sustenance before something as frivolous as personal appearance. Still, I couldn't wander the streets covered in blood, it's something humans tend to frown upon. And further still I could not wander without clothes, in this culture that is even less accepted. So I had to avail myself of whatever clothing seemed appropriately sized in a nearby clothing basket. Their owner had not returned yet, and there was opportunity to leave unnoticed."
The angel nodded, feeling a flash of residual horror at watching Dean plunge that blade through Kevin's throat.
"Yeah, what'd you use for that?" Sam asked, looking at the reddish marks and wrinkling his nose at the strong scent.
"He could do that?"
Eventually Cas started sitting with Dean during his nightly routine of drinking before bed. They'd start in the library, and then when he worried their conversations would bother Sam's sleep, they'd move to his room. Cas was starting to open up to being more conversational, more talkative than he used to be. Dean appreciated the time spent, keeping his mind off the impending night's sleep. Cas would leave when Dean looked ready to sleep, but he'd always be back by the time the hunter woke in a cold sweat.
"Dean." He responded, feeling reassured by the closeness of another human who was there to help. "He hit his head… it won't stop bleeding."
This sudden turn of events had his senses working overdrive. Dean hesitated, taking the angel's pulse and frowning deeply. His breathing was fast, his pulse wasn't too strong. He scrambled up, grabbing Cas under the arms and pulling him along as quickly as he could towards the bunker's shower room.
"But you have a theory." Dean pressed.
"Yeah, Malachi didn't seem too inclined to believe him."
"Dean, you're sure about this? I don't-"
"Alright, well he says he hit the sack at about four, so you've been at this a while."
Sam sighed, throwing Kevin a mild glare. He had been trying to avoid talking to Cas about this.
Castiel's attention returned to the sky, settling back down into contentment.
Dean winced slightly, picking up the tone. "Yeah."
"And we just what? Let him stay a demon forever? Hope he gets in control of it faster than Cain did? Before he commits another massacre? Or twenty?" Sam snapped.
"Yeah. I thought about that. It just makes it more important." Sam admitted.
"You don't. Now. I'm sitting in a rather pathetic looking Lebanon bar when you're ready to go. Toodles."
He turned his head towards the driver side, trying to see the hunter. His eyes found him. "Dean." He repeated. He gritted his teeth, pulling his arm up, hand shaking Dean's shoulder gently. "Dean?" Dean's head listed bonelessly to the side, revealing a truly alarming amount of blood washing down the side of his head and over his ear from a cut in his hairline. His cheek also boasted a rather large piece of glass, and Cas could only guess that his head had been what busted through that side window. He could see Dean's breath in the cold air though, so he knew at least the hunter was alive.
The hunter poured himself a glass of whiskey, hesitating before pouring another and sliding it over to Cas.
you." Dean responded irritably, trying to shove Cas' outstretched hand away, managing to somehow miss entirely in his somewhat intoxicated state.
The hunter brought his head up, unfocused gaze settled somewhere between the two men. His black eyes dissolved into green. He looked from Sam to Cas and almost in a daze muttered, "You look worried, fellas."
"What did your dad do?"
He had sat in the chair by the fireplace as well as the tables both near the wall and the kitchen. He had tried at one point to sit on the couch, but Cas had pushed him off both times he attempted contact.
"Cas got taken while saving his life. Don't undo that." Sam tried to argue as he pulled himself up, hands up in a placating gesture as he slowly inched forward. He was careful to keep to the side, within the hunter's view. He was unpredictable at the moment, and Sam didn't want to be the thing that pushed him over the edge into killing the angel. "We may need him… to get Cas back…"
"Yeah." Sam said, heaving a sigh. "I have."
"Quit starin'. People are gonna talk." Dean joked, giving a half smile as he struggled to remain conscious, not wanting to go back to sleep just yet.
But they weren't. Cas becoming mortal, his brother almost dying, the angels falling,
"Tore through maybe a hundred or so with the knife. The rest just didn't manage to escape the fires. It's kind of a choke point. No one could get out, and no one could get in to help."
Dean glared at him for a good minute, working through a couple dozen thoughts. Finally he sighed. "
"Dean-"
Cas hesitated, considering the request. He nodded slightly. "Okay."
"I found this camp where some of the last survivors were living." Dean started, knowing full well he was taking his sweet time getting to the point. Not that he even knew what the point of talking about this even was. "I was there. Or future me I mean. I… he… whatever, he was in charge of the camp."
Dean raised his hand, knocking Cas' reassuring hand off. "No." He leaned forward, hands covering his chin as he leaned his weight forward onto them. "We go in smart. Or
Cas reached up and pulled the hunter forward, wrapping his arms around him and pulling him close. "Dean, you belong with us. With me."
Dean rolled his eyes, but it was in self defense of his warring inner monologue. He stood, stalling, needing to think, choosing to stretch silently. He finally settled on, "How are you feeling… you know… otherwise?"
Dean sat in silence for a few minutes, the gears in his head turning as they tried to catch up to the current situation. He huffed a small annoyed sigh. "You get that you're basically kidnapping me right now."
"I don't know if I can." Dean admitted. "Could you-?"
Dean was bored.
Cas bowed his head slightly in agreement. "He feels things very deeply. If it hasn't sunk in yet…"
Cas nodded and stood, heading out into the hallway and towards Dean's room. Dean followed him and felt himself pulled back into his body as Cas shook his shoulder.
, Malachi. I'm not lying. Metatron used me."
Dean accepted the coffee without complaint, but he had yet to even try and take a bite of the food in front of him, let alone Cas'. He also hadn't said a single word since they left that field in Kansas, and more than that hadn't seemed to notice this. He didn't even seem to notice when Cas was ordering for them.
"How long ago?" Dean kept his words short and sharp.
?" Cas narrowed his eyes at the angel before him.
"Not really my priority right now." Sam muttered.
Sam froze in place in the map room looking up at his brother, watching his posture change.
"Great." Sam muttered.
"And?"
My husband's only comment when he beta'd this chapter: "Hey, that's pretty gay."
"I never do anything halfway." Dean managed to whisper over the flow of air.
"Yeah, supply run." Dean explained.
Dean watched him go before turning his attention to the door as Sam and Kevin hopped up the steps. He tossed the station wagon keys to Sam before slipping into the passenger seat. He gave a stern look to the prophet in the back. "You stay in the car when we get there. I don't want you anywhere near Crowley."
problem."
"Dean, let Kevin go." Sam repeated.
"So you were captured."
Dean thought he had accidentally teleported them down into the basement, but when they hit the ground, he looked up and realized they had simply cracked through the shambling floor boards. He let out a brief laugh at the absurdity before it was cut off by Cas taking his mouth once more. He let himself get lost in the ecstasy that was Castiel, and delivered in return.
Now he found himself being shown an entire new part of life, and was excited by just how excited Dean seemed to be to show it to him. He sat with the hunter, accepted the offered beers, allowed Dean to pick a pile of food and chicken wings, and happily sampled everything he was offered.
"The car… Cas-"
Dean didn't say anything, letting Cas go after a moment and finally allowing himself to be led to sit on the edge of the bed, Castiel sitting next to him.
Cas kept moving too, adjusting his posture and pose. Something Dean hadn't observed Cas doing without conscious intent since he was human.
Cas closed his eyes. He flinched as a hand extended, brushing against the side of his face. He repressed the urge to lean into it. He didn't expect this. He had been certain his grace would burn out before he ever again saw the hunter. His instincts were split between desperation for Dean and revulsion at the twisted thing he'd become. He was surprised when he felt himself pulled into an embrace.
"He's good." Sam said, a little too quickly, feeling slightly jumpy about what Cas and he just talked about.
longer. He frowned as he watched Dean stagger slightly, though he tried his best to mask it. Maybe he could get through it, but it seemed to have had a significant impact on him. He relaxed slightly.
"And it was bright and loud. I couldn't see the road, I tried to stop, there was ice, we crashed. I don't know what you want from me Sam."
"You've been following me." he growled.
"I would have liked to see him try." Dean flashed a cocky grin, but it was clear that it was covering for how completely drained he was. The walk to clear his head had turned into something of a desperate run, trying in vain to keep his racing thoughts from overtaking him completely. His fist had met an unfortunate fence, repeatedly, and the pain of that had allowed him to regain some semblance of control.
"He can't breathe." The former angel's voice was firm and urgent, but he took care to not sound panicked. Cas looked up from the older hunter, looking to Sam for direction in what to do next.
see what Cas saw, or read his thoughts, but he
Cas held him close, trying to keep him steady as the impala lurched down the back roads, racing towards the nearest hospital. He held his hand over Dean's, keeping it pressed down on the wound, trying to hold as much blood in as possible.
"Where?"
Sam headed back out of the garage, heading to pack up for the trip.
The angel resumed stroking Dean's back. "I don't know if you'll go anywhere. I worry your soul will just cease to be." He watched Dean's expression closely. "It doesn't matter." He tried to assure him. "We won't let it come to that. We will have that thing off long before you find yourself in any sort of mortal peril."
The older hunter looked back, making eye contact with Sam before turning and swiftly pushing the blade the rest of the way through the vampire's neck. He moved to face his brother only to find Sam directly in front of him.
"It was my choice." Sam repeated softly.
"Yeah, except you just got out of surgery, and Cas is down two limbs. In case you haven't noticed, we're at a slight disadvantage. Even if there weren't demons, we'd be slow going getting you two out of here."
Cas was wearing his coat, but underneath, where his white shirt usually was, Sam recognized one of Dean's old worn Metallica shirts, and he wondered where the angel had taken that from.
"Saying it isn't enough."
Hours later, Dean slowly dragged into consciousness, He noted the cool glass beneath his head, and the soft leather seat. He became aware of the hand gently gripping his shoulder and he pulled his eyes open, looking over to see what Cas had woken him for.
"You're no fun."
"Yeah." Dean said weakly, recalling Cas following Dean right to his death in the end.
When credits were rolling, Sam stood to go turn the lights on, sidestepping the cat on her way to jump onto the couch, settling between where the hunter and angel now sat upright.
The warmth quickly was replaced with a more startled feeling before quickly being more or less buried and suppressed. Dean blinked a few times, surprised by the rapid shift in mood.
Lilith have? Or a prince like Azazel?"
"Maybe that's a good thing."
Cas woke to the sound of knocking on his door. He grunted an invitation, pulling himself semi upright, switching on the bedside lamp at the same time as the main light was switched on from near the door. It took him a moment to clear the blurriness from his eyes, allowing him to focus on Dean.
"Dean-"
Cas nodded, but said nothing, opting to instead look out the window as they approached the small diner just over state lines in Nebraska. He followed the hunter inside, mirroring him as they looked through the menus. He heard Dean rattle off some egg special to the waitress, and in turn he ordered a stack of pancakes that he figured Dean would enjoy. They held that companionable silence until food arrived at the table.
"And the blade?"
"Sam?"
The movement stilled, and he felt the figure leaning against his side tense in response. "Cas?" His voice was still rough and quiet, but it seemed a lot more oriented than before. Dean looked up, realizing he was basically in Cas' arms. "Whats going on?" He asked slowly, trying to recall basically anything that happened after the hospital.
Sam sat upright, his heart sinking. "What happened?"
Cas wondered how present Dean really was at the moment. He sounded somewhat far off when he was responding. He watched Dean go off to get a room, and tried to think of anything he could do to help.
"You should be the one resting." Cas' voice sounded strained.
"521 N Main St."
Sam watched, amused as the pair headed off. He shifted his focus back towards the closed door to the bunker, letting his mind mull over everything he'd seen and heard from his brother and Cas in the past weeks...
"I don't want the cat."
Cas nodded, his neck stiffer than it was before as time passed from his last pain medication dose. "Three rib fractures. Broken leg and arm. Concussion. And thirteen stitches on my right leg." he rattled off indifferently.
Cas successfully suppressed a shudder, knowing this Dean probably would. He looked back at Charlie. "Sure."
Dean unsuccessfully tried to bite back a grin. "You're starting to sound like me."
Dean's mouth was set in a line, and Cas found himself having a harder time than usual figuring out what emotions were fighting for space in Dean's head. He was moving slowly, with a deliberate walking pace. "Cas." He said simply, but his tone offered no more clues. He came to stand just a few feet away from the angel.
"We will be fine, Dean."
Malachi gave an abrupt nod, and the other angel dragged Sam to his feet. Dean was able to get a better look at him, his heart clenching as he saw the blood. There was a lot of it. He looked closer though, and could see the stoic expression regarding Crowley with no sense of recognition. That was Ezekiel, not Sam. He could only hope that meant Sam had been spared the bulk of the torture.
"No."
"I attempted to give you space when I sensed your discomfort at breakfast." Cas looked hesitant, like he was considering if he should leave.
"What is it?"
"I didn't find anyone left alive… I'm not sure if we got the last of the demons, or if there are more somewhere in the hospital, but I know at least they weren't screwing around on casualties."
?" Cas narrowed his eyes at the angel before him.
"Great, so we just gave him the god rock and powered up his angelic takeover." Dean turned, putting the jar of holy oil back in the trunk and slamming it shut.
When Sam returned to where he had left Dean, he found his brother just standing in the middle of the fallen vampires, still soaked with blood, hand still tightly gripped around the machete in his hand.
The three settled down for a bit of rest.
Cas relaxed somewhat, grateful for the change in conversation. "Is that the next step?"
"It is no concern of yours."
"Hardly." the hunter scoffed. "Nah, just flurries. Roads are a bit slick, but nothing Baby can't handle."
"Of course."
Sam squeezed Kevin's shoulder, giving him a sympathetic glance as he saw the prophet begin to crumble. He couldn't wait with him though, he knew he had to help restrain Dean properly this time. He jogged after Cas.
Dean tried to help him, alerting to anything up behind him. Still with the remaining five angels, things weren't going smoothly. It felt like those lakeside demons all over again. He could feel the pains running through him as each injury stacked on top of the last.
But that time never came. And against all his better judgement, the angel found himself drifting off to sleep.
the situation was getting out of control.
Cas looked away from the hunter's agony, unable to watch his expression as the fire spread up his arm. When the sound stopped he let himself look up at the now slack hunter.
to know. "I saw you… last night I came to bring you… I mean, I had a slice of the pie… and I thought, well, you were asleep…" Sam winced internally, that rambling mess not quite how he wanted to say it.
Sam and Charlie were standing in the library talking in hushed tones when Cas came back out.
"Why are you doing this?"
"I don't know anything!"
Dean nodded thoughtfully. "That's good. How are Cas and Gadreel doing?"
"It's something." Dean finished. "So Kevin has both tablets now?"
Sam debated with himself before deciding to go ahead. Frankly, they didn't have the china budget to wait for Dean to come around to talking about his feelings on his own. More than that, Sam wanted to know,
Kevin looked up from the library where he had his work spread out.
tell me if anything funny happens to his breathing."
"Tell these gentlemen what you just told me." Crowley purred, shoving the angel forward slightly, his hand buried in a firm grip on his hair.
Cas scrunched his own eyes shut for a second as he considered the answer to the question. "Embarrassed." He admitted. "Less physically distressed than when I found you."
The crash and splintering of wood coupled with the grunt of pain from upstairs sent Cas running, only to be thrown back through a bookshelf himself. Before Cas even got the chance to right himself, the ghost was up in flames. The angel wasted no time pulling himself up and taking the steps two at a time to reach the room he heard Dean from. He froze in the doorway for just a moment before throwing himself to the hunter's side.
It took almost an hour before the spell was ready. Cas settled down so he was laying next to Dean. He reached one hand up to touch the side of Dean's forehead, the other hand resting on the hand print on his arm.
Dean thought for a moment. "I don't know how I will handle it when you leave." Alcohol was helping him be far more honest than he might be otherwise.
Ten minutes later on the same patch of fur and he sighed, frustrated. "Alright. I think we're gonna try out my clippers. This is gonna take years at this pace, and I don't even think I can get it all."
"Dean-"
As soon as he had the blessing of the nurse, he was dialing the phone. It only rang once before Sam picked up. "Yes?" Came the expectant greeting.
By the fourth time, Dean was no longer surprised when he found himself next to Cas. He had fallen asleep at the infirmary table after attempting to rest his eyes for a second.
Three hours of just laying still, the former angel finally gave up, standing with the intent to pace the bunker like he once might have as a celestial being who had no need for sleep. He was surprised to find Sam flipping through a book in the library.
"We don't even have plaster casts, trash bags will work just fine."
." He hissed.
Cas was
"Oh."
"What? Oh…" Sam coughed, giving a nod. "Uh, here, if I shift him up a bit, I can work." He positioned his brother, arm over his head. "Then if you can just sort of hold his arm up, I can fix these stitches."
"We'll find a way to stop him." Cas asserted.
The kid shook his head, tears making a return as he considered facing the monster again.
"Can. You. Teleport?"
Cas held tighter to the hunter in his arms. "You'll get through this." He said softly.
"Were they-?"
Malachi smiled. "Oh… I see. Stalling were we?" He leaned over, grabbing Dean's shirt and gathering it in his fist, hauling the hunter up to his feet. "I stand corrected. Perhaps the loyalty he has to you is alive and kicking."
Cas nodded, readjusting himself slightly to put a little less weight on his fractured ribs.
"Ah."
." He groaned.
The younger Winchester shifted uncomfortably, but did finally look sideways towards Dean. His mouth was set in a frown, and without talking he communicated with Dean.
"If we sever the link, Metatron would no longer be so strong. He would be an ordinary angel again."
He took a sharp breath as his arm shifted again. He resigned himself to crafting a makeshift splint and sling. When he was done, he sat back down on the edge of the bed.
Sam winced, but continued. "The Men of Letters had a spell… it's sort of like dreamwalking, but it's meant to enhance a mindreader's abilities." He opened the book, looking over the spell. "It's not exactly meant for angels, but I thought it might be a thing to try." Sam sighed. "You could go into his mind… try to reach him or… or i don't know, but do
Cas nodded, not sure what that entailed, but he was glad to hear it could be fixed.
Dean woke up, feeling quite cold. He groaned slightly, and tried to shift, hissing a bit at the pain it caused him. He furrowed his brow, blindly reaching his arm out to the side, not coming in contact with anything. Finally he opened his eyes, looking past the oxygen mask and across the bed, surprised to find it empty. Movement caught his eye and he looked up, finding his brother sitting at the chair at the end of the bed.
"Jeez. So how do you wanna do this?"
Sam sank back down in the chair, the tension leaving his body. No matter how long the road ahead was, he felt like they could handle it.
scream. The hunter put his head down as one by one the bulbs of the overhead lights burst into a shower of glass. He could do nothing but pull Cas up against his chest and hope that he managed to come out the other side of this alive.
"It will hold." Cas insisted, but he wasn't any more sure than Sam.
"We're freeing you, Dean."
After a moment, Castiel changed the subject. "How are
The angel breathed in, taking the acrid smell of the smoke and blood and he knew instantly where he was. He pushed his legs forward, ignoring the slight wobble in them. The path he walked was littered with corpses, each one more mutilated than the last. The blood trail led him onward towards the sea. Cas looked out over the sandy beach, his gaze finally finding the hunter, alone on the shore, resting on his knees and facing the ocean.
"Seems New York isn't a very safe place to store things."
They listened to the crashing sounds of the brush behind them as they sprinted. Dean swallowed as he saw the car just glinting in the distance and he knew their reprieve was over. He just hoped the torch would keep any bit of distance between the creature and the kid in his arms.
were the words left unspoken.
Dean reacted defensively, turning and throwing Sam off of him, knocking him back with such force Sam crashed to the ground. He didn't pay him any more attention, instead turning back to glare at Gadreel, twisting the blade slightly as the angel groaned in pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sam I'm making a goddamn effort here, alright? I'm willing to play nice, try Cain's whole zen monk crap." He scowled. "Besides, if I wanted a weapon there are a dozen things I could still smash in here to make one."
Dean was reaching down into another bag, and came up with the crowning jewel. He couldn't hide the grin as he held out the floppy tan coat. "It's not an exact match, but it was the closest I could manage on short notice."
"I have to say, finding you human is a surprise." The fanatical angel leaned back to look Castiel over, head to toe. "Tell me, you do that on purpose to join your little family, or was that a sacrifice you made for Metatron?"
Cas spoke. "The Princes were the strongest demons behind Lilith. To my knowledge all but Azazel were killed centuries ago."
It took a while for Dean to push the emotions behind a wall after he woke up, but eventually he managed to sit up from Cas' arms and begin going through the motions.
Dean pulled his hand back. "I've tried to stay off that path since then… I almost lost myself in purgatory… ripping apart those monsters, stringing them up to find you. Then just the nonstop killing… there were times I didn't want to get out, and times since that I've wished I was back."
"I put up sigils in the entryways similar to some of the bunker's. Should work like a salt line at the door and windows." Sam interrupted.
"You've
Cas tilted his head in question. "Dean?"
"Thank you."
food. I can taste food again, but I still do not require it."
"Zeek." Dean greeted, gaze cooling. "Thanks for helping with those demons."
Cas fell silent. He repressed the urge to reach out to the hunter again, knowing Dean would not appreciate being touched at the moment.
The police dismissed them quickly. "
"And grab some stuff for sandwiches. Kevin's coming back today, so we're gonna have a lot of mouths to feed again."
This time Dean smirked. "Too good to eat with me?"
The demon narrowed his eyes. "You're afraid of me."
"No?" Dean stepped forward again, extending his arm. Cas flinched, but the hand that brushed the side of his face was gentle. "Thought you'd be thrilled."
Liam froze, thinking over the request in his traumatized mind. He finally gave another small nod, and Dean inched forward, bringing the flashlight up, careful to keep it out of the kid's eyes.
"I only inhabited the vessel for an afternoon."
"I thought I knew all the angels in heaven. Who are you." Cas growled.
interested." Dean dismissed. He turned around, getting back to work. "I was just wondering how different it got, with the whole demons being the descendants of Lucifer's grace or whatever."
"Kevin?" Cas asked.
"Angels, three of them." He sounded out of breath. "I just got off the damn plane, I don't have a blade."
"Unless you want to leave Pack-rat behind."
Dean tensed, his eyes black as he stared at the angel, breathing heavily. He put his hand back against Castiel's neck, but he was once again pushed off.
The three were pretty sure they were likely to run into them at a gala taking place the following afternoon. The silver rings had been Sam's idea. It wasn't exactly like they could be too obvious when they were trying to weed them out at a fancy party. Handshake ought to make it easier.
"Dean." he breathed, using the rough bricks to pull himself shakily to his feet.
"Yeah, I'll check in." Sam assured him. "Kevin went back to stay with his mom for a bit. Research there."
And it wasn't like they hadn't been close to each other at the cabin. But it was different at the cabin, wasn't it? They were injured, on pain meds. Cas had been human, had been
"Bobby and your father didn't get along?"
Charlie wandered the rest of the way in, finally turning and sitting down on the couch. Cas came to sit opposite her. She felt a small shiver run up her spine as the warm fire chased away the last of the chill from being outside. "So what have you two been doing out here?"
Cas put a hand on his shoulder. "Sam, you should rest."
"Not hungry." Dean said simply, returning to scanning through articles.
He watched the former angel leave and sighed. Cas' preferences seemed to lean towards seeking being alone when he was sick. Sam was usually the opposite. Normally Sam was all about privacy, but the second he got a little feverish he was the little brother again. Dean's instinct was to do anything and everything to get Cas better, but he had to respect that Cas would tell him when he needed something for the most part.
"Yes Dean. My human emotions may be more muted, but they are not gone."
Dean leveled his gaze on the king, waiting wordlessly for him to elaborate.
"We're going to get you out of here as soon as we can, okay buddy?"
Dean rolled his eyes. "Cas, do you think you can help heal Ezekiel? Get Sam back on his feet?" He tucked the angel blade into his inner jacket pocket, straightening up and finally daring to look at the angel.
Dean? I don't think he has a single good instinct when it comes to emotions."
Cas nodded, pulling out his phone and quickly locking onto the gps he had on Dean's phone. "He's heading towards the edge of town." He let out a breath as a text came up on his screen. "He texted." He said, his tone betraying his tentative relief that the hunter hadn't just fallen off the map
"It is imperative that Sam return to the relative safety of the bunker until the demon threat has dissipated."
"What? Oh…" Sam coughed, giving a nod. "Uh, here, if I shift him up a bit, I can work." He positioned his brother, arm over his head. "Then if you can just sort of hold his arm up, I can fix these stitches."
Dean got to his feet. "No. I'm already stuck here, I'm not getting in a smaller cage just to coddle Sasquatch."
"After I left, I thought I could cut ties. Just move on, maybe help Crowley rule over hell. Maybe just do my own thing, but it felt freeing. Not caring."
Sam hung up the phone. Dean leaned back against the wall, swapping out open containers of chinese food and continuing to pick at it. Cas watched him make a genuine attempt to eat, and he was grateful at least for the effort. The silence continued for a few minutes.
"Oh."
The impala barely screeched to a halt in front of the emergency room's revolving doors before Sam lept from the driver's seat, pulling open the back door and helping Cas pull the hunter out. Cas readjusted and took the hunter into his arms, his waning angelic strength still allowing him to carry Dean on his own. Sam helped get him inside, and a trauma team was already being paged to the front, ready to take him into the back.
The wolf only laughed though. "Right here."
"Cas-"
"The damage Theo inflicted is vast. I am weakened from the work I was already doing to heal your brother. These wounds have proved too much for me to fix." Without the immediate threat to his life, Gadreel seemed to almost wilt, letting the wall behind him take some of his weight.
"Oh." Cas said simply. "When the angels left?"
"Sam… please do not do anything hasty."
"Dean, we should go…" Sam tried, his voice softening. When Dean made no moves to leave he walked over and put his hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean?"
Sam looked thoughtful. "Alright. Dean, you go with Crowley, see if you can get your hands on this first blade. I'll back up Kevin, we'll get Mrs. Tran out of there." He looked up at Cas. "Do you mind backing up Gadreel when he meets Metatron?"
"Crowley at this point at least seemed different. And he didn't look like he was one foot in the grave."
"Yeah, keep dreaming sunshine." Sam shot back. "Saw the Impala. Impressive job there. You'll have a lot of work to do when you get back on your feet."
"Good. You want to throw him a text now, tell him not to expect us until the afternoon?"
If there was any silver lining, it was that the mark kept him preoccupied enough that the weight of the events in Eastham hadn't really had a chance to find purchase.
"Samuel, it's been
"Yeah at motels." Dean put his hands up. "I'm not judging, I'm just saying you might be a little more comfortable." He took a step back. "Anyway, why don't you clean up and head to the kitchen. I made lunch."
By the time Sam returned from his run, he could hear the pots and pans being moved around in the kitchen. He headed over to investigate, surprised to find his brother halfway through making breakfast. "You're up early."
"Then we go mad." Cas said simply.
"I don't know…"
On a whole, Cas just felt truly
When Cas woke, he could hear the sound of Sam's voice, yelling something in the distance. He shifted, opening his eyes and finding himself laying on his bed at the bunker. He brought his gaze down and found Kevin sitting next to him, watching him closely.
. Let her go." Cold fear gripped him as he started to understand what the hunter meant to do.
"He said he heard a rumor. That my grace was out there. That Metatron had not used all of it for the spell."
"What now?"
were being corrupted by the mark. A mark that you only took to protect your family."
Crowley spread his hands. "I'm offering you much more than that. Come with me."
Cas closed his eyes, feeling the hunter lean in to kiss his neck. He closed his eyes, finally managing to push through this haze and take control of the situation. He put one arm across the demon's chest, pushing him up and off him. "Stop." He warned.
should sleep too." Sam continued, but he resigned himself to obeying Dean's wish, feeling the exhaustion start to creep in as the adrenaline fully cleared his system.
"Sam, Dean's gone."
Cas tilted his head a bit, and lowered his voice. "Dean."
"Do you know what… that was a spell right? Do you know who-"
"No."
"A demon." Dean's voice was emotionless, and his expression was pensive as the realization dawned on him. "Cain wasn't a demon when he killed his brother. The mark made him." The puzzle pieces slotted themselves in place with such clarity. Dean absently pressed his hand over the mark.
Cas thought for a moment. "Hannah. We ask her to get us into heaven. I can find the tablet and we stop him."
Dean winced. He thought in silence for a few minutes. "If Theo's grace is burning through you… what does that mean?"
gave in...
Both of them looked up, hearing the shout in the distance. Cas looked to Dean, but the hunter had just settled to stare at the wall. "It's just taunting us." Dean glanced down, thankful Liam was still fast asleep.
"Did Crowley manage to get you guys out?"
his fight or flight mentality was leaving him on edge with nowhere to go and no-one to hit.
Dean for the most part kept it together. Castiel could see the struggle for control, but so far he was the one who came out on top. The price was recklessness. Too often would Dean let the fight last longer, let it draw out without drawing blood, or going for the kill. It was less violent, but on more than one occasion he had been a little too close to getting hurt.
"You were dreaming." Cas said, tilting his head with sympathy.
"I… I did this."
"He killed Hannah first, and used her grace on me." He paused trying to figure out how he wanted to tell the things that happened after. How the tension between them was likely what snapped the final thread Dean had. "He was frustrated with me and he left. He came back, soaked in blood a few hours later. That must've been when he hit the Cape."
