Cas chuckled as he walked over to the painting on his easel. "I suppose they see it as a waste of time therefore not valuable." He glanced over the painting of the forest. As he stepped back, the greens of the trees swirled  together to reveal a pair of familiar green eyes staring back at Cas. "This one is my favorite." He smiled in an attempt to hide his swollen face.
She nodded, looking at the ring on his finger again. “He probably couldn’t go through that loss again.”
"Cain won't let me out his sight, so I'll hardly be able to see you. I'll paint and explore the shores. Potentially have a child." He smiled at Dean. "I want you to father my child." He mumbled quietly, burying his face in Dean's chest.
Cas weakly pressed his fist against the mirror. “Why can’t you just let me out? Why are you doing this?” His eyes were listless and heavy, grey streaked through his hair. “I won’t let you win.”
Cain pursed his lips, deciding not to press Dean further. Cas leaned against the carriage; he didn't know what to think about Dean having a daughter. It didn't bother him; Dean just didn't seem like the father type.
Noctis smirked at the mirror, "You should check on Henry, Dean. I have some business to take care of today."
Michael frowned as the rebel leader walked over with an arm possessively around Cas's waist. He crossed his arms when Cas introduced him, glancing to his brother. "Castiel, you can't be serious." His eyes darted to Lucifer. "He can't be serious, can he?"
Dean gulped against the cold metal of the sharp knife. He carefully reached into his boot for the small knife he stashed there. "So Cas is alive." He mumbled, wrapping his fingers around the handle.
Cas got down from the cool stone alter. He rubbed his stomach absently, glancing around Rowena's hovel. "How'd I get here? Where's my son?" He looked around for his shirt.
Dean laid in bed as the sun crept into the bedroom. He hadn't been able to sleep with that thing laying next to him. It looked like Cas, it sounded like Cas, but Dean knew Cas wasn't there. It cuddled against him, and Dean tensed as a coldness crept over his skin. He climbed out of bed and pulled on his clothes. He watched it sleep soundly on its back. He lingered at the edge of the bed, picking up his pillow. He bit his lip. Dean could easily rid himself of whatever this thing is, but what if Cas was still in there, just trapped? He sighed and shook his head. He sat back on the bed.
For breaking 1000 views here’s a bonus chapter. Thank you guys so much for the continued support! <3
Dean pulled his blade from his bag, “She’s going to help Cas. She cared about Cas. She wanted what was best for him.”
“Cas. I prefer Cas over Castiel.” He smiled at Cain; he seemed nice enough. Maybe this arranged marriage wouldn’t be so bad for him. No. He straightened up. Cas couldn’t forget Dean. He had to help him escape before Cain took him back to Eastden. “Excuse me, I have something I must attend to.” He ducked out of Lucifer’s sight as he left the hall. He scurried his way through the servant halls to avoid detection. As he climbed down the stairs to the dungeon, Cas kept his hand on the wall. He cursed under his breath when he saw two guards standing outside of the cell Dean was in.
Dean put his hands on his hips and paced back and forth next to the pew. "I suppose you're right. Keep this between us for now. I don't need Michael and Lucifer to find out about Cas's strange behavior." Dean walked back to the entryway and took Cas's hand with a defeated smile. "Henry's been calling for you all morning." He looked ahead as the doors opened to start the ceremony.
Dean pulled his lips into a sour, saddened smile as Cas turned away from him. His voice cracked as he spoke, trying to stifle his tears. "Of course. How could you forget?" He followed Cas into the dining hall in silence. His heart ached for Cas, but Cas was gone, and Emmanuel was here in his place. Dean stopped at the archway on the dining room, crossing his arms as Cas took his seat beside Amara. Perhaps Dean could win over Emmanuel and restart a life with Cas. He looked to Amara when Cas sat down next to her. He watched the two together: Amara kept Cas engaged in conversation throughout their meal, gently touching his hands, face, and hair. She wiped his face after every bite. She genuinely treated Cas as a child, her child. Dean couldn't take Cas away from such a nurturing environment, it just wouldn't be fair to him.
"She died from an illness a few months ago. I told her I wouldn't leave her alone." he looked wistfully out of the carriage. He didn't want to talk about who he was leaving behind.
Cas reached for the crown, gripping the cold metal. Ink crawled through his veins as he picked up the crown. "What do you want with me?"
"Yes, yes. The busy capital Omundington. I'm more eager for you to see the sea. You've been surrounded by trees your entire life." He smiled, "What you need is the ocean. You're going to paint it so often; I just know it, darling."
Cain laughed soft;y, "Exactly why I want you here. Now, sleep well, young prince. We have much to do." Cain kissed his forehead and descended downstairs to his chambers.
Cas gulped quietly as he held Dean's eyes. "Someone like you then?" He whispered in the darkening room.
Cas jumped on Dean's back and wrapped his arms around Dean's torso. His eyes glowed a bright blue in response to Dean's inky black abysses. As he gripped Dean's shoulder, his handprint seared itself into Dean's skin; Dean roared in pain and annoyance as he tried to break Cas's grip.
Alastair leaned back, playfully grinning at Dean's sudden defensive anger. "I don't care who you stick your dick in as long as it isn't on my time. Cain has given you the most dangerous curse that's ever existed on this patch of dirt. Without my guidance, a darkness will destroy you and every single person you love." He stood from the table and turned to the door. "Even without the mark, you'll be taking my job, and I can't have you ruin everything I established. Come now, Dean. There's much to learn."
She followed his gaze, sitting her tea cup down in its saucer with a clink. “Straight to the point, I see. You’ve been brought here to receive my mark.”
Cas attacked the bowl hungrily, and in the process, he burned the roof of his mouth. He didn't care though; the meaty stew warmed him again and provided a much needed comfort. He sopped the remnants of the stew up with the bread Hannah had grabbed for him. When he finally finished, the bowl was bone dry, and color had started to return to Cas's cheeks.
After the ceremony finished, Castiel moved his guests into the banquet hall. He entertained a few princesses, some overly affectionate with their eyes and hands. As he moved away from the women, Azazel, Lord of the Northern Isles, approached him with a smug grin on his face. "King Castiel, may your reign be prosperous and long lived." He shook Castiel's hand. "You know your brother Lucifer married my eldest daughter Lilith, but my younger one Ruby is still looking for a husband. She's quite lovely, you know. She's talking to Michael to set up a betrothal between you two."
She walked over to him. "I want you to end Cain's bloodline, no matter the cost. Snuff it out while it's only him, and spare Cas the pain of losing a child if he bears Cain's child."
Cas waited until the guards were out of sight and rushed over to Dean’s side. He held his face between his hands, eyes searching his body for bruises, cuts, or scrapes. “Did they hurt you? I swear I had no idea they would be coming for you, Dean.”
"What about my wife? Is she to stay here too?" Lucifer frowned and walked towards his brother. "I don't need to condemn her to a boring life of surveillance for you, I'm not your drone, MIchael. I'm not Castiel." He snickered and pulled a chair out. He straddled it, locking eyes with Michael. "What do I receive in return for putting my life on hold for you?"
“Have they had you without water or food? They shouldn’t have had you shackled like that. Michael is cruel, but he wouldn’t let you starve to death.” Cas placed a gentle hand on Dean’s thigh. “I’m leaving for Eastden in a few days. Cain agreed to a peace treaty if he had my hand in marriage. I wanted to help you escape before I leave.”
Cas tensed slightly as she touched the wound from Henry. No, he wouldn't let himself think about that name. He tore open the letter and scanned it with Meg. "The King so graciously requests your talent and skill to paint a portrait of the late Prince Castiel of Havenshire in memory. The king will compensate you 2500 gold pieces." Cas exhaled sharply at the price, looking back to Meg. "I have to take it, don't I? That much gold will last us months."
"The day after your wedding. Cain wants me to make sure you make it down the aisle without hurting yourself or any of the guests." Dean laughed softly, "You should get some sleep, though. You'll have to wake earlier in the morning."
Cas slammed his fist against the mirror, crying as his hands bled slowly against the mirror. "Noctis! You can't do this! I've not given you anything."
"As much as I want Michael and Lucifer to pay, doing it your way has proven itself destructive." Cas glanced to his reflection, touching the red glowing eyes on the mirror. "I can't afford to hurt Dean or the children." He turned away from the mirror, starting towards the door. "Soon I'll put you away. No one will ever use you again."
Cain smiled and crossed his arms. "That's why I'm here talking to you about this. I want to pass the mark, and subsequently the throne, to you. Even if I have an heir, he won't be ready for the responsibility that comes with bearing it when I pass."
"Well I have my own tent now. We had a house a long time ago, but it was as big as this room is." He chuckled again, this time genuinely.
Cas struggled against Amara's magic for a moment before he firmly planted his feet on the floor. He grinned, flipping his knife to attack. "Have you forgotten the words you put upon me, Amara?" He pulled his shirt away from his chest, showing off a bright red glowing mark. " 'Cursed be my enemies,'" He took a step towards her, feeling the raw strength she had to keep him back. "You never thought I'd turn on you. You thought your magic was stronger than my love for Dean." He kept pushing through the magic, "You don't get to decide what I feel anymore, Amara. I make my own choices. Not you, Not Cain, Not even Dean! ME!!" He yelled as he knocked her hand away. He plunged the knife through her throat. Tears rolled down her face as she looked at Cas. "Well done, my darling." She mouthed before her body vanished in a thin vail of smoke.
He chuckled and led her into the nursery so he could get Henry. "I am right now, but in a few days, I'll be king of Eastden and Elladonton. That'll make you a princess then." He smiled as he went over to Henry's crib, picking the smiling baby up. He held him on his hip as he led Emma back down to the dining hall. "We'll get you all the prettiest, poofiest dresses you could ever want."
Rufus smacked Bobby across the head, “Ya old fart, move aside! This precious creature is mine. Come here, Castiel. Give me some sugar.”
Rufus shook his head. “Is it just me or does it smell like a huge pile of trouble waiting to happen?”
that they had dominance over Dean’s belongings. And the rising anger possessing the Alpha’s body was inevitable, Dean was
But for now, the definition of perfection was simply his mother. Dean loved his mother and sure, his father would always tell the little boy that spending so much time with the Omega was unhealthy and unmanly. Dean didn’t give a shit, even though he was fully aware that his obsession with his mother was considered indecent.
To Crowley’s annoyance, it took the boys five days to accept his offer, he supposed that patience was a virtue.
Lastly, the fourth rule: rent boys were free to leave whenever they wanted. Crowley understood that life was filled with surprises; it was no secret that a few rent boys have fallen in love with their suitors and their suitors loved them in return. This has happened many times and it usually ended the same way; suitors would pay a large fee to obtain the rent boy of their choosing and with a single wave, the rent boy would leave
There was a sinful smile across the Omega’s lips along with the hottest lip bite Dean has ever seen,
The aftermath of the war in hell was left in the destruction of Henry’s departure; Crowley’s dungeons and lairs were ransacked and destroyed, demons who were feared even by Crowley were released, and the laws of hell were broken into pieces.
Dean hated how the Omega blushed for Rufus, but without any resentment in his voice, the Alpha reached for Castiel’s forearm, pulling him forward. “Okay, Casanova. Shut up and let me lead our guest of honor to the back.”
Cas, you didn’t do anything wrong. In fact, I think it’s impossible for you to do something that would make me not want to see you again. Don’t leave. I couldn’t answer the door because these past few days I’ve been… sick. Ya know, feeling like shit and what not.”
Dean licked his lips, enjoying the way Castiel’s eyes followed his tongue. “I can be yours if you want.”
The Alpha would snap at everyone who talked to him, Dean even became defensive and bared his teeth at Bobby and Rufus, seeing them as rivals and not as his family. The Alpha was close to challenging the two older Alphas when Bobby slapped the fucking shit out of Dean, putting the Alpha back in his place but failing to keep Dean’s hostility to a minimum.
Dean was heading towards the door when Sam’s words entered his head, this technically wasn’t his business but the Omega of his dreams was suffering next door at the hands of a shit bag Alpha. Then Dean felt himself being stripped of his own power, strength, and capability of saving the Omega. If he broke into the house next door, not only will the cops charge him with breaking into another Alpha’s property but mated Alphas had more rights than unmated Alphas.
A darkness ghosted over Castiel’s eyes, adrenaline filled with terror spread across Dean’s body, making him shiver.
Garth opened his eyes, the sight around him was blurry but once his eyes adjusted to their poorly lit room, he read the time. “11 am then I suggest you hang up.”
This was such a bad idea. Dean growled angrily, kicking at the pebbles scattering the ground and turning to walk away when the door was finally being pulled open. The sight before him left the Alpha starstruck,
Rowena giddily made her way towards Dean’s bed and sat next to him, motioning for Sam to come and join them.
The Omega settled both pies on the countertop, smiling excitedly while curiously eyeing Dean’s kitchen. “Your home is lovely, Dean.”
the Omega was already lost in them and no way in hell did Castiel want to find his way back. The sight that came next was lingering, a small thanks to the flimsy glow of the sun that radiated in orange waves. The ray of the sun sweetly ghosted over the Alpha’s eyes, like the way a temptress would tease their paying customer.
Man, when did Dean become such an old man? This was probably the most horrible, correction, the most shittiest rut the Alpha has ever experienced. With a bit of luck, Dean may never encounter another spontaneous rut in the future… hopefully.
the Omega could tell that Jack was an energetic boy. “Great! Maybe we can go shopping together. I know a great mall that’s not too far. We can buy clothes and go wild! Is that okay with you?”
Castiel opened and closed his mouth, the Omega rocked back and forth on his heels, seeming incredibly hesitant. “No. Thank you, that’s very nice of you but I’m sure you have better things to do than to deal with someone like me.”
“It’s rare for me to have someone who actually cares whether I want them too or not. And that day you cared about me; you tended to my wounds and made me feel safe. Now, look at me, I’m all healed and much better, thanks to you. But mostly, I wanted to thank you for seeing me when I was invisible.”
The Omega looked down at the two pies resting on the palm of his hands, each one covered in a clear plastic wrapping. “Perhaps this will make you feel even better. I made these pies for you, Dean. I took a wild guess at coming to terms that you’re probably a pie man. I was close to making you a cake but it didn’t feel right. Please tell me, my Omega intuitions were correct.”
There, on his bed, laying completely naked with his pale legs slowly opening up for Dean, was the Omega from next door.
Dean smiled widely, giving his younger Alpha brother one last hug before saying goodbye. “Well, let me know when you get to your dorm, okay?”
After settling the first aid kit down and letting Castiel make himself comfortable on the stool offered to him, Dean took a seat before the Omega, closing the distance between them and avoiding the notion of staring at Castiel’s lips like they were responsible for the enchantment that had the Alpha head over heels for the Omega.
While Dean handled marketing/operation management; mostly dealing with public relations and being the face of company, meeting with potential buyers, striking new deals with various companies, and promoting The Winchester Company. But for now, Dean and Sam would take after their father’s job, learning and becoming familiar with their future roles as presidents.
The Omega beamed at the compliment, happily wiggling his hips while getting another piece of pie. “I’m so glad you liked it, since these pies were made just for
The Alpha felt another twinge of pain, howling at the top of his lungs as he fell forward, resting his elbows on the floor and fighting against the hellfire that was burning him to a crisp.
What the hell was he supposed to do now? It was still so early and the Alpha could already predict that this night was going to be pure hell. The sound of the clock ticking away was driving Dean to insanity.
There was a high chance that the Omega was still sleeping and the Alpha was just ruining the Omega’s morning. Maybe it was just too early for all this romantic shit.
You’re my new best friend. Are you doing anything tomorrow? We can go somewhere, hang out, and get to know each other a little better.”
to even think of doing that, not only would it be barbaric on his part, but it would be unfair to Castiel. Here was the Omega of his dreams, trusting him with his body and all the Alpha wanted to do was claim Castiel as if he were easy prey.
Their kiss was filled with primitive passion, slow and languid, but nevertheless, quite intense. The Alpha intertwined their lips in an overwhelming sweetness that made Castiel purr.
How could he? How was he capable of treating the Omega that way? It was no different than how Lucifer treated Castiel.
Lucifer snarled like a rabid animal, backing away and showing off his black eyes. “Winchester. The family responsible for ruining hell.”
Dean berated himself to stop thinking about the Omega and went upstairs towards his bedroom, sleeping early wouldn’t hurt him because tomorrow he’d have to wake up early and head towards the car repair shop, he owned with another Alpha by the name of Bobby Singer, a close family friend. Besides, there were already four cars waiting to be repaired by Dean’s hands.
What felt like years which was in actuality, just a few seconds, Castiel inhaled deeply and opened his eyes. There were small specks of black circles scintillating through his eyesight when his vision adjusted to their surroundings. Then Castiel allowed his eyes to look over at the people walking in the streets, making eye contact with a few couples and smiling in return when they waved a friendly ‘hello’ to him.
Solidarity was rare for Castiel. Lucifer was like a virus, clinging onto his every movement and making the Omega feel trapped, claustrophobic with how clingy the Alpha was with him. Wherever Castiel was, Lucifer was right there behind him, breathing down the Omega’s collared throat and shaping Castiel’s world into one where the Alpha was the only thing the Omega had, besides himself.
Dean kept driving his fist into Lucifer’s face; Dean was responsible for bruising both of Lucifer’s eyes until they were swollen and nearly closing, responsible for the nasty cuts slicing through Lucifer’s cheeks, responsible for cutting through Lucifer’s lips, and breaking through Lucifer’s skin till there was nothing left except the bone hidden beneath the marred flesh.
Castiel gave a small chuckle, unaware that the light of his smile was making the Alpha crazier about him. “I suppose, I can’t say no. Give me a second while I’ll put the flowers into a vase filled with water.”
The Alpha yelled angrily, he hated himself. He was a monster like Lucifer and that didn’t sit too well with him. Dean wanted to break something, he wanted to feel pain, he wanted to lash out and destroy everything. The Alpha was about to get up when
Castiel was having trouble breathing, there was a point where the Omega couldn’t handle the smell any longer and began to inch closer to the window, praying for a whiff of fresh air. The reason why they were moving was the Omega’s doing, looking down at his trench coat, Castiel nervously ran his hands up and down his thighs.
Alpha how potent he was while Dean kept coming inside him. The Alpha came for about five minutes, the amount of semen he deposited inside the Omega was so much that he could feel the streams of white hot cum slipping out of Castiel and dribbling down his thighs.
Gabriel went towards his office, downing the remaining sips of his coffee while Castiel followed behind, stopping quickly by the kitchen to pick up the Alpha’s breakfast order. Gabriel huffed at the sight of papers neatly stacked — no thanks to his little brother always preparing everything for him — on his desk.
The Alpha was beaming at Castiel when Garth cleared his throat. “Dude, Bobby and Rufus are looking for you. They are
Dean approached Castiel in an authoritative manner, making himself larger and intimidating while enjoying the look of coyness playing at the corners of the Omega’s big blue eyes. “Yeah baby. Besides, maybe you can let me play in between your legs and I can let you know how you taste on my mouth.”
The name of the beauty from next door instantly popped into Dean’s head, making him calm, not for long but enough to clear his head. Then the Alpha smelled it, it was weak, so far yet so close.
So, like good inherited family traditions, John Winchester took to heart the importance of keeping the Winchester bloodline clean and married Mary Campbell, another pure blood demon. After five years of marriage and true love, John and Mary Winchester bared two Alpha sons. Sam and Dean Winchester, Sam being the youngest and Dean being the eldest.
And besides, Dean feared that if he were anywhere outside of his locked bedroom door and another wave of intense desire overtook him; he’d definitely be capable of leaving his home, breaking into the house next door and fucking Castiel with no mercy.
The customers; Bobby Singer, Rufus Turner, and an Alpha who was new in town entered the diner. The three Alphas chose a corner table, Rufus and Bobby sitting together while the younger Alpha sat by himself.
they seemed soft to the touch but rough when it came to surrendering to the Alpha’s dominant mouth. Dean’s bottom lip was full and fleshy, tempting, and it pushed the Omega to lean forward, teasing the Alpha with his parted lips and using his tongue to leave behind a wet trail of salvia on his upper lip.
The killing spree of families left behind the wealth of abandoned homes; all being taken over by rogue demons. Slowly, the method of tyranny began to consume the earth. Hell itself, in all its failed glory, never even came close to this type of domination, an action not happily welcomed by Crowley who kept light tags on all rogue demons.
The Omega kept his gaze locked on the Alpha before him, innocently batting his eyelashes as he moved Dean’s hand towards his lips. The Alpha was fully enraptured, watching Castiel like the predator he was. Sensually, the Omega began to kiss each of Dean’s fingertips.
Dean, on the other hand, was deliciously poisoned by the scent of flowery gardens that can only be touched and scented by him. The older Alpha growled in raw desire as the scent of magnolia flowers bewitched his senses; the ripe and blooming flowers painted in downy colors such as white and light pink were screaming of innocence.
“Listen asshole. You’re just one regular demon amongst hundreds of rogue demons. Do the math, I’m sure you know how this ends. And besides, what does a regular demon want with a human Omega?”
The Alpha went towards the Omega, lifting the Omega onto his feet and punching him, again and again. The Omega was bleeding all over his face, long strings of dark blood stained his chest and the Omega seemed dizzy, all the fire inside his body had been watered out. The Alpha smiled evilly, easily spinning the Omega around and pinning him against the window.
While Dean‘s cock would move in and out of Castiel, he wanted to feel the thorns of desire against his skin. The Alpha wanted to enjoy the sight of the Omega marking him as his Alpha. After all, Castiel was Dean’s grassy little garden of heaven, a place where the Alpha wanted to stay with the Omega and worship him like the angel he was.
Castiel chuckled, leaning down towards the baby and kissing Sam’s chubby cheek. “I think he likes his name.”
The bartender gave Dean a shot of whiskey and the Alpha drank it down in one go, purposely showing off his biceps. “What’s a pretty little thing like you doing in a place filled with rogue demons?”
But man was it hard to not suck from the main source of Castiel’s sugary scent without leaving a prominent hickey. Sure, Dean sucked at the Omega’s scent gland but it was careful and calculated, not passionate and ardent, like the way the Alpha wanted too. But
Dean released the Omega’s wrist, watching with raw intensity as the Omega sat back down and licked his lips, a curious expression on his face. “Has it ever occurred to you that I might be waiting for someone?”
For the following three years, Sam and Dean slept with every wealthy man in Lawrence, Kansas. The amount of the money they earned was more than enough to enjoy on themselves and they lived comfortably in their new home. Even as time passed, they became friends with every rent boy in the mansion.
Dean could feel the vengeful wrath pounding against his skull, the Omega didn’t deserve to be hurt like this, much less be taken advantage of. It was taking every fiber inside him to not march away from the Omega, find Lucifer and repay the asshole back with every bruise inflicted upon the Omega.
Dean savagely grabbed the Omega’s hips and pushed Castiel onto the bed, the Omega yelped as he landed on his belly. Castiel felt the dip of the mattress as the Alpha climbed onto the bed, the Omega playfully wiggled his ass, crawling towards the head of the bed when suddenly, Dean wrapped his hands around Castiel’s skinny ankles.
The Omega tilted his head to the side, cerulean blue eyes squinting in confusion. “I suppose, if you consider 11 am being an early bird?”
Dean nodded, hugging his younger brother one last time before letting the Alpha go. “Get the hell outta here, bitch.”
Castiel was beyond perfect and the Omega was such a goddamn tease, a quality that shortened the Alpha’s impatience of claiming Castiel right here and now. “You wanna know something baby doll, I’m going to pay you the nicest compliment and after I’ve told you what it is, you won’t be able to resist me.”
, he would ruin everything, as he always did. “Your mate. I drove around town this morning to see if he was anywhere near and I didn’t see him. I’m guessing he works in the city, so if you were worried about him seeing us together, there’s no need to worry.”
Dean could practically feel his green eyes morphing into red palpitating hearts that shined with pure adoration towards Castiel, like the way Roger Rabbit falls all over himself when he sees Jessica Rabbit, his sexy red-headed wife. The Alpha noticed that the Omega had two plates in his hands. And
It’s been two years since John’s father — Henry Winchester — passed away, Henry was a lovable president. Henry was an Alpha that surpassed the stereotypes connected to Alphas; instead of being dominating, authoritative, and superior to other secondary genders below his status. Henry was kind, generous, approachable, and above all, sweeter than honey.
An old trick but useful, the Alpha began to strip himself bare, tossing his clothes across the room and snarling in annoyance when he felt the exaggerated streams of sweat trickling down his face, body, and hair.
That’s all the Alpha wanted to smell but instead, the raw and putrid scent of Lucifer was consuming him, making Dean irritated with annoyance. The growing need to send Castiel away was something the Alpha couldn’t control, a fear that Dean was constantly pushing to the side. The Alpha could do this, Dean just needed to breathe through his mouth and everything would be fine.
playboy who doesn’t appreciate lovely Omegas like yourself. He’s hot headed and thinks with his dick most of the time. But if you accept the position here, I can promise that I’ll be watching over you and making sure that you’re always respected.”
Failing horribly at keeping still, Sam approached Castiel with nervous hands, patting down the loose strands of hair and taking in the Omega’s scent again, which made the Alpha smile anxiously as he finished fixing Castiel’s hair. “There you go.”
Dean was counting down his breaths when the sound of a car engine ripped him from his own thoughts. The Alpha — too curious for his own good — approached the window right over the sink and with a venomous hatred pulsing through his body, Dean watched as the shit bag from next door backed out of the driveway and drove away.
“Every Omega wants to be dominated. It’s cold hard facts. No Omega wants freedom or free will, that’s a bedtime story that will never come true.”
Yeah, this might actually work. “I don’t have anything planned for tomorrow, so whatever you want to do, I’m fine with.”
, from here, Dean could see that the Omega had the prettiest set of nipples he’s ever seen. They were round, puffy, swollen, and thick. The Alpha’s mouth was watering, the thought of slipping the Omega’s nipple into his mouth made his cock erect, the length of his girth was growing by the second and thickening by the minute.
It was time to become the predator, the hunter, the carnivore. The Alpha would lure the Omega in, tricking his beloved into a trap and keeping him caged without the Omega knowing that’d he been captured.
Not only for himself, but for the gorgeous Omega who needed him. Even though the ship bound to the gates of hell was already setting up a nice spot for him, perdition has always been waiting for him. Dean knew that he wasn’t an angel, not like the beauty from next door but for the Omega, the Alpha was willing to cleanse all his defects to become a righteous Alpha and be worthy of the Omega’s love.
soft against his, as if the Alpha were touching drapes of satiny feathers belonging to angels themselves. In a matter of seconds, Dean felt the animalistic impulse to penetrate his teeth through the Omega’s scent gland, marking the tender flesh and claiming the Omega as his, possessing every inch of skin as if it were his own treasure to protect and covet.
weak for Dean’s liking. Scents like that were only weak if the person possessing that fragrance was extremely far away, or in this case,
The beatings weren’t so bad until Castiel’s scent became ripened by the new age of teenage hood, making the Omega more desirable and giving Castiel his first heat. At the time, Alphas took advantage of Omegas during their heat, breeding them with or without their Omega’s consent. In short, Lucifer took advantage of Castiel during his state of hunger, arousal, and the compelling need to have a knot inside him.
Dean’s eyes began to travel down the Omega’s body — totally not ignoring the faint blush creeping onto the Omega’s pale cheeks — and
At Sam and Dean’s age, they should have been mated and having litters of pups, assuring the future positions of their little Alphas who would come in command one day.
Dean wanted to punch himself in the face, why couldn’t he be a normal Alpha and flirt with Castiel rather than putting him on the spot. “No. I — look, I’ve been awake for a couple of hours and if you’re afraid to talk to me because of your…”
Castiel snorted. “The owner is my brother and knowing him, he’d probably congratulate me or scold me for being adventurous.”
As if Lucifer would ever let Castiel leave. But then again, whatever Lucifer didn’t know, wouldn’t affect him, right? The Omega really liked Jack and honestly, what was the harm of going out tomorrow with his new best friend? And besides, Lucifer was working late tomorrow, he’d probably get home by midnight which means that Castiel could spend the majority of his day with Jack and come back at reasonable time.
Castiel bit his lower lip, moaning lustfully and squirming in desperation when Sam’s immensely large hand reached to grab the Omega’s insanely cute face with a tight grip.
Mated Omegas, on the other hand, were a different story. Mated Omegas did not possess the ability to manifest their scent at a global scale mostly because once an Omega was fully claimed, their scent was reduced to a lesser frequency. Meaning, claimed Alphas were in full control of conserving their mate’s scent to a solitary and private audience.
There it was again, the flooding adrenaline that triggered Dean to lose every fiber of control, that constricting feeling of being powerless and incapable of doing nothing. The thrashing whip against his back, threaded in weakness and the nauseating sensation of being stripped of his own predominance, made the Alpha bare his teeth in a spiking frenzy.
The Alpha next door could accuse Dean of trying to hurt the Omega and all his bloody handiwork would become Dean’s exile. The Alpha would win and instead of helping the Omega, Dean would be condemning the Omega to an everlasting life of violent beatings with zero chances of escape. Dean could also be charged with taking the Omega by force, already bestowing him with a nice front row seat in a filthy prison.
Sam’s eyes widened at the amount of money being offered to them while Dean’s beer fell to the ground.
Mouth dripping with salvia, pheromones thick with heady arousal, muscles tensing beneath his skin, and canines ready to pierce through Castiel’s scent gland. The Alpha immediately gripped the Omega’s curvy hip, slipping his rough fingers beneath the waistband of Castiel’s pants. Dean’s colossal hand burned like red hot fire, his fingers digging into Castiel’s
Dean chuckled, still broken inside about Cas. "I'll avenge him. He won't have died for nothing." Hannah nodded, patting his shoulder as she went to her tent for the night. Dean stayed at the smoldering fire. He wouldn't let Cain get away with this; he couldn't.
Cas made a halfhearted smile as he looked over the print. "Mother never showed me how to do that. It just happened." He leaned back on the door. "I feel drawn to you, and despite every rational thought screaming to stay away, I find myself wanting to be near you." He tilted his gaze back to Dean's eyes. "Do you have a wife, Dean?"
Cas groaned and pressed his face against Dean's stomach. "I.. I want you to be here." His breathing grew labored. "Just give me a moment. We can go back." He grabbed Dean's shirt. "Please, come up with me..." As the contraction eased, Cas steadied his breathing and held Dean's hand before he reappeared in his bedroom. He eased back into bed, looking to Dean.
Castiel looked up from the letter and to the circlet. He darted away from it, from Meg. He knew if he acknowledged the circlet, anything of his past life, he wouldn't be able to let him go again. She placed the circlet on his head, holding his face in her hands. "I can't go back. I just can't, Meg. Please." He whispered, sad eyes flickering with a glowing red.
Cas laid on his back when Dean stopped. “What if he’s noticeably yours?” He whispered, putting Dean’s hand on top of his stomach. “He’s been excited all morning. Kicking and squirming.” Cas smiled, laughing softly.
"Ah, home sweet home. You'll grow to love this room, just as I do." Alastair smirked, fingers dancing over knives and pillars strewn around on a table. He picked up a dagger with runes carved into the jagged blade. He pointed to a blood covered table in the center of the room, restraints hanging off the edges. "Have you made any enemies in your short time here?"
Dean stepped back from the door when Cain came out and tried to peek inside at Cas. He cleared his throat as he looked to Cain. "Is he alright? I figured he would've woken up by now."
Cas nodded and took his seat. He attacked the meal in front of him, moaning appreciatively. He cut into a steaming pastry, looking back to Amara. He forgot why he wanted to rush away from her. “Please give your cooks the highest compliments.”
Cas winced as he was cut into, arching from the bed. He tried to stay still as the doctor worked. His hair was plastered to his forehead with sweat, and his vision blackened until a wet, warm, crying, squirming bundle was placed on his chest. Cas looked down at the small infant, holding his breath. Nine long months had brought him to this moment. Nothing else mattered now, this baby was the one person Cas would kill for. He held the baby, smiling as the doctor stitched his stomach up. The infant quieted down, slowly blinking bright green eyes at Cas. Cas rocked his child, taking a blanket from Hannah. He wrapped the baby in a bundle, gently touching the mark on Henry's shoulder, just like his own. He watched the door; with those brilliant green eyes, Cain would know everything.
Rowena put together several component bags, “‘Course I know how to summon a spirit. What kind of court witch would I be if I couldn’t summon a spirit Nerve of some people.” She pulled robes out of a chest, “Get your gear together, we leave at dusk.”
Cas nodded with a frown, following Cain back to the red headed woman. She was speaking in a language Cas couldn't understand when they came to her. She eyed him up as she spoke, "And you're sure, he's the one you want this spell to be on? I can only perform this once." She held a large chalice full of an unsavory liquid.
Dean headbutted her and tightened his grip on the hilt of his knife. Abaddon held her bleeding nose before she charged Dean with her own knife. She slashed across his torso, but Dean jumped back before she cut him. Dean grabbed her wrist and shook her hand violently to make her drop the knife, but she kicked him off of her. The two continued back and forth for advantage over each other until Abaddon finally knocked Dean's knife away from him and pinned him to the floor with her knife against his throat. She straddled him.
Amara smirked slightly at Cain's name. "You said he's not your king if I remember correctly. And you're right. He's not a king. He hasn't been since he gave you that mark. The kingdom is rightfully yours."
Dean smiled as he pressed his forehead to Cas's. "Should I call you King Castiel, now?" He reached behind him and grabbed the crown from behind him. He placed it on Cas's head as he stole a kiss.
Alastair smirked and put the bloodied knife on his tool table. He wiped his hands on his apron and sighed as he stood over Dean. "You have a point. Cain wants you to protect his little prince even though you'll be the one to, ah, bake a bun in that oven, won't you?" He smirked more and undid the restraints. "Give it a few minutes, and you can go. Remember. Not on my time." He waved the knife around. "Or we'll have to chat again too soon."
"I finally feel ready to give you everything you want." He whispered and straddled Cain in bed, grinding his hips against Cain's. The two continued to undress each other, the younger man hungrily devoured the older's lips. . . . The next morning, Castiel smiled as Cain woke under him. He looked up at Cain's brilliant blue eyes. "How did you sleep, love?"
Cas laughed, withdrawing his hand from Azazel's grip. "Michael doesn't speak for me anymore. I've had many offers, but I've had to turn them down." He grabbed a chalice of wine, moving to the head of the table. He smiled at Dean and Sam along the edges of the room. "Friends, visitors, and family. While we gather to celebrate the start of my reign, I have to announce another new beginning before more proposals come to me. I am happy to announce my engagement to Dean of Winchester." He waved Dean over, putting his arm around his waist. "We wish you all to stay for the wedding, but we understand if you must leave."
Dean grinned before he chuckled, burying his laughs in the crook of Cas's neck. "Wow, you really haven't done anything like this."
Sam pursed his lips, shooting Dean his familiar bitch face, "Dean, I can't go with you, but if you feel like you need to go, then go." Dean nodded and the two started back to camp. Dean smiled as Emma ran to meet him. He hugged her and picked her up. He held her on his hip, walking to their tent. "How would you like to go see a big fancy castle? We have to take Henry to see his mama."
Cas pulled his lips away in a smirk. "Seems as though someone missed me." He laughed quietly before pressing back into Dean.
Dean slammed him against the bunk's frame. "You killed a defenseless baby because an old man told you to?!" He fought tears as he slammed Cole harder against the frame, "He's killed Cas; he's killed Henry." He met Cole's eyes, onyx stones piercing through the guard's soul. Dean smirked, "No, you killed Henry. You're responsible." He moved his hands to Cole's throat. "How does it feel to be helpless, Cole?" He grinned wider. Cole scratched at his hands, trying to pull Dean off of him. Dean watched the light escape Cole's eyes. When Cole started to pass out, Dean loosened his grip, so Cole would think he's done. As Cole relaxed as Dean weakened his grip, Dean grinned and snapped his neck to the left. Dean dropped the lifeless corpse on the floor and calmly walked out of the barracks. He went to the stables and saddled a horse. As the sun rose, Dean directed the animal to the north. He was finally going home.
The Omega was beaming brightly at the sight of Dean and the Alpha would never admit it, but seeing Castiel brightening up like the morning sun made him feel all gooey and shit, pushing Dean to rumble loudly like the purr of the engine belonging to his Baby and acting like a lovesick teenager.
Garth snorted. “Oh, man. I’m sorry, I couldn’t tell it was you over the nauseatingly high-pitched voice screeching through the phone. For a second, I thought you were a dying cat.”
Dean immediately jumped in to save the Omega from answering that question. “I’m here to help Cas clean his wounds. You don’t mind, do you?”
So, Sam had big changes in his mind when he became president, restoring The Winchester Company to its former glory when Henry Winchester was president. There were different perspectives concerning the Winchester family; John was hated by Omega employees but adored by Alpha and Beta employees, Dean was respected by his employees but many were — mostly Omegas — in love with him, and Sam was loved by all Omegas in the company except for Alphas and Betas who criticized the unnecessary softness the Alpha had towards the lower class.
. The name made him vicious and barbaric, Dean reached for the lamp resting on his nightstand and threw it across the room, the lamp smashing itself into tiny pieces as it hit the wall.
Dean wiped away Lucifer’s blood on his jeans, looking back at Castiel. The poor Omega was trembling in fear.
Bobby shifted in his seat until he was comfortable, turning his attention to the younger Alpha before him. “I can’t believe you’re here with us, boy. Your father would be so proud of you.”
Sammy! And she works down at IT and she wears glasses, man. Do you have any idea how many porn videos are based on nerdy Omegas submitting to their bosses? And the Alpha boss banging her brains out?”
Dean slowly turned to face Sammy, his eyes wide in offense and his teeth bared, almost asking for a fight. “Can you stop being such a whiny bitch?”
Garth finally faced Dean, pushing the Alpha with all his might. “What the hell, man? Why are you hiding this gorgeous Omega from us?”
Dean scoffed, walking up to Sammy and shoving a finger into the Alpha’s buff chest. “This is your problem, Sammy. You think Omegas should do whatever they want when in reality they can’t because Alphas like us can override an Omega’s will and make them do whatever
The Omega looked down at the pitifully small space between them, only a gasp of air keeping them apart. “I don’t think you’d find my scent pleasing.”
This took a while to do, the Alpha — without really intending to fall into a trance — began to let his thoughts wander off to the Omega next door again. Like a traumatized soldier suffering at the hands of PTSD; Dean began to remember the images of the Omega being savagely beaten, the way the Omega bled with every punch, the way he was explicitly raped, and how the Omega was purposely tied down to never have a fighting chance against Lucifer.
the heating rush of blood blossoming through his cheeks was easily recognized as a hardcore blush. Man, Dean wasn’t even naked on the guy’s bed and he’s already as red as a tomato. A cute but slutty tomato, in fact. What the hell was wrong with him? Never, like
Castiel moistened his chapped lips with his tongue, Dean following the movement. “I wish I could. Perhaps another time.”
The primal image of the Winchester brothers claiming Castiel’s body with primitive yet unrestrained devotions of eagerness could be manifested into a scattering array of passionate bruises that glimmered of a purple hue, the uncontrolled instinct of baring Alpha canines and sinking such a deadly weapon into the Omega’s neck, would leave behind unhealed love bites that would be susceptible to the Winchesters’ egotistical need to bite through Castiel’s skin every day, and of course, the evidence purposely left behind on the Omega’s skin would bleed into the branding scars of a rough yet tender handprint that would shine in dark shades of red along Castiel’s rounded hips.
Dean looked down at his bleeding knuckles, the stinging pain of torn skin didn’t bother him, the Alpha didn’t even flinch.
Luckily, the older Alpha took the hint and gave a tight smile. “I don’t mind. Take him to the back where our first aid kit is. It was nice meeting you, Castiel. And can I just add that you’re extremely gorgeous.”
Bobby appeared from the back of the shop, covered in grease stains and threatening the Alpha with a wrench. “
of every canine releasing Castiel’s marred skin. Dean let out a terrifying growl as he searched for the Omega’s lips, hungrily kissing Castiel and breathing in the Omega’s existence.
The Alpha didn’t understand what was happening, Dean could see that the Omega was cowering away from the person who just came in. It didn’t take long to realize that the Alpha from before, the one who mistreated the Omega, stepped into the bedroom. The Omega immediately covered himself, reaching for his shirt and placing it against his semi naked body.
Dean grumbled, embarrassed to say that he was watching Castiel’s reaction the whole time and the minor interruption of being pushed made him lose 30% of his masculinity, so the Alpha straightened up and gave Garth a dominating look. “He’s my next-door neighbor.”
And that realization stung. Dean wanted to become the Omega’s world, he wanted to give Castiel the freedom and happiness that he deserved. The Alpha wanted to show the Omega that he was worth bleeding for. Dean would do anything to demonstrate that there was nothing wrong with Castiel, that the Omega was beautiful and no matter how cruel life has been with Castiel, the Omega was still worth loving.
While taking the given chance of Sam and Dean speaking to one another, Castiel awkwardly willed away his erection by pulling at the seams of his incredibly
Dean snorted, ready to respond with a dirty comment when Gabriel began to scream at the top of his lungs. “Thank you, dad, for my gift!
Everyday was the same: Castiel would wake up to the sounds of Lucifer growling against his ear, whispering filthy insults that made the Alpha’s cock hard, disgustingly rubbing his arousal against Castiel’s plushy mounds, and lastly, pushing the Omega onto his stomach, lifting Castiel’s hips and slapping the Omega’s ass, enjoying the sight of Castiel struggling against Lucifer while the Alpha buried his girth inside the Omega, fucking Castiel like the whore he was and making the Omega bleed whenever he could.
The rules weren’t complicated and with a smile, Crowley outstretched his arms in an exaggerated manner and asked if the Winchesters had any questions. There were no questions to be asked and from that day on, Sam and Dean settled themselves into their new home. The next day, the Winchesters had their photo taken and in a matter of seconds, they were included on the
The meagerly long hours stretched across the darkness of the sky, a starry night that glimmered with twinkling stars that shined like diamonds being illuminated by the prism of white light. What a fucking nightmare. Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed, his injured knuckles healing at an extremely sluggish pace, the torn skin cracking with every mere flex of his hands.
Lucifer placed his hand on Castiel’s arm when Dean pushed Lucifer back, and like an animal defending its property, Dean snarled viciously and placed himself before the Omega, protecting Castiel from Lucifer. “
. Alphas and Betas were placed in higher positions, earning higher wages and reigning over the company, leaving Omegas with no voice in the matter.
Dean laughed obnoxiously. “Let me see, how can I explain this to someone as inferior as you? Okay, it’s not fucking rocket science. Lucifer, your mate, abuses you. And I don’t know about you but you’re a shit liar when it comes to covering up his handiwork. Come on, Cas, giving me that lame ass excuse that you’re
Castiel was suffocating, his lungs were burning as the leather collar kept scratching into his skin as if it were an animal clawing its way out of a trap.
The Omega couldn’t stop inhaling Sam’s scent, Castiel flared his nostrils and immediately picked up the second wave of the Alpha’s scent.
Castiel was smiling brightly, the sound of his own laughter was foreign to him because it has been years since he’s genuinely laughed for anything. The Omega shook his head at the children who seemed to be on the brink of hitting puberty soon, foolishly adjusting his beige trench coat as a poor excuse to cool down his red-hot cheeks.
Once Garth got a better look of the mysterious person trailing behind the Alpha, the Omega clutched at his heart, throwing his head back and loudly shouting, “
With a final glance to John, Castiel walked away with their orders. Bobby, Rufus, and John admired Castiel’s beautifully plump, round, and voluptuous ass swaying from side to side, especially in that romper. The three Alphas sighed in bliss; they were in heaven.
Failing to sedate an Alpha’s sexual urge had consequences, Dean was barely keeping himself together before the temptation of fucking someone became feral. Tonight, the Alpha wanted raw sex, and because Dean was the perfect definition of a potent Alpha, Dean would choose an Omega to his liking and take them back to his home with or without their consent.
Sam and Dean felt their cocks thickening by the minute, their colossal hands were forming into fists, and three words were playing in a loop inside their heads.
The Alpha was being pushed over the limit, an insulting remark that assured Castiel’s departure was at the tip of his tongue. So close,
Rufus followed after his friend, grabbing a clean rag on the way. “Mated Omegas are no joke, especially ones that are abused. Those bruises on Castiel’s face, they look fresh to me.”
Even so, Dean’s temper only kept getting worse and worse, the normal use of his voice was absent, instead, the Alpha’s voice was replaced with a barking irritation that put everyone on edge. The constant shouts of impatience went on until 5 pm, when the store finally closed for the day. Unfortunately, today was one of the days where Dean had to stay back and close the shop but the Alpha was so fed up with everyone that Dean left the repair shop without announcing his departure.
Then, as if Dean were being run over by a car, there was a harsher blow to his body, the amount of pain he was in before, was nothing compared to the pain consuming him right now.
Instead of dumping that whole love letter vibe, Dean shrugged his shoulders and went for his everyday charm of making everything into a joke. “Because I’m a Good Samaritan with a handsome face who you can’t resist saying no too.”
Female Omegas who wanted a lifelong career were extorted by Alphas, female Omegas were forced to submit their body and dignity in order to reach paradise. There were hardly any female Omegas who had a reputable job without giving up a piece of themselves for it. Even though times were progressing, certain viewpoints and preconceptions pulsed brightly for Omegas, making their life hell.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, balling his hands into fists and seriously craving the need to break someone’s face with his knuckles. “I don’t know. But they seem
Castiel faced Sam, gifting the Alpha with the softest look that made Sam lose all rationality, the Alpha was punching down the primal instinct to cross the room and take claim of the Omega’s mouth, passionately intertwining their lips into an ardent kiss. “Thank you both for accepting me and giving me the opportunity to work here. I promise to leave you both satisfied with your decision in letting me stay.”
Dean mustered the happiest smile he could deliver before offering Castiel a fork. “Wanna eat some pie with me?”
“New ways.” Sam spat, leaning back into his chair and laughing at his father. “These are old ways, dad. And am I the only one whose offended at the thought of offering this job solely to Omegas? They don’t deserve to be humiliated this way.”
Dean smirked. “You’re a sheep amongst wolves. But don’t worry, gorgeous. I don’t bite. Unless you want me too.”
At the moment, the Omega’s back was towards the Alpha; god, Dean would give anything to press his large chest against the Omega’s lithe back, feeling the way the Omega would melt against his hot skin. The soft sounds the Omega would make for Dean, sounds that only belonged to the Alpha’s ears would cause Dean’s breath to hitch.
Dean stood up straight — even though Castiel was taller than him by a few inches — and offered his most charming smile while taking a step closer to Castiel, holding the man’s eerily intense gaze and leaning forward to whisper, “So, are we gonna stay here all day staring at each other or are you gonna fuck me?”
But those were Dean’s Alpha instincts roaring inside his head, the more rational and human side of the Alpha was smart enough to pull away from those actions that would certainly ruin him. But
The Omega chuckled as he tried to regain his balance again. “It’s a raspberry tart. I made it last night. No more sweets after this.”
Dean felt like an asshole for not even considering the amount of pain he’d be inflicting upon the Omega. “Shit. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean too —“
It was no secret to Castiel that Dean Winchester was fucking gorgeous. The Alpha’s hair alone was impossibly perfect; strands of hair kept morphing into new colors, one moment the Omega believed that the multiple shades of brown began with coffee-colored strands adorned with droplets of cream but then Castiel could see the specks of cinnamon powder dusting over Dean’s hair.
The Omega screamed in pain, trying to pull away from Lucifer’s mouth. With blood staining his teeth, Lucifer released the Omega and pushed the Omega to the ground. The Alpha walked towards the other side of the room and turned off the lights, ignoring the way the Omega was bleeding on the floor while closing the curtains.
Since then, rogue demons have abandoned their homes in hell and decided to coexist with humans on earth. Thanks to Henry Winchester, rogue demons began to dominate certain areas to their liking. The changes in small towns were evident; rogue demons marked their territory by changing small family towns into lustful parties from hell.
Dean was about to compliment the Omega’s beauty, agreeing with himself that going with his well-known strategies of flirting with gorgeous Omegas with blue eyes and raven hair, would definitely assure the honey glow in Castiel’s cheeks to change into a rose-colored flush. A sweet yet playful comment was about to leave the Alpha’s mouth when a foul stench assaulted his nose.
Castiel pushed himself away from the counter, his features morphing into multiple expressions that consisted of being offended and hurt. “Excuse me?”
Castiel smiled at Garth, giving the next order to the Omega cook and stopping by to see Sam and Dean. “Hey loves. Are you both okay?”
Dean licked his lips, a rumble of chuckles slipping past his throat. “I think it’s the other way around sweetheart, we promise to leave
The Omega continued with the kisses of his touch against Dean’s skin, making the Alpha purr loudly when Castiel understood the horrid realization of what he was doing.
Sam, although young in age but more mature than Dean, blushed at the idea of fucking their mother. “Definitely.”
Lucifer attempted a smile when a gruesome coughing fit caused blood to spill from his mouth, so fucking pathetic. “Then why don’t you kill me now, hotshot.”
Dean hungrily gave the Omega a once over, making Castiel shiver in disgust. “Not that I blame him. You are a fine piece of ass and you’re loyal to him, pleasing him like the bitch you are. But you wanna know what I don’t get, if he hurts you and you don’t like it, why don’t you leave him? Why don’t you save the whole crying act and just accept that this is your life, haven’t you heard, nobody likes a whining cunt.”
The Omega smiled softly at Sam and the rogue demon could help but be enraptured by Castiel’s ethereal beauty. The Omega was gorgeous and so
It was only hitting him now that he was extremely tired, lightheaded, and actively vigorous. Dean’s muscles were becoming sore, painfully contracting and expanding at his inconvenience. The Alpha felt a shock of pain in his abdomens as if he were being stabbed and Dean roared in aching vexation.
Those lovely pink rosebuds would harden at the touch of Dean’s teeth, the Alpha would teasingly pull on the fat nub until his perfect Omega was coming for him.
But of course, paradise in hell never lasted long enough. Crowley’s reputation began to subside when the Winchester family — the first pure blooded demon family to exist — began to question the king’s ruling. Disobedience reeked with the name of Henry Winchester, a headstrong Alpha who believed in the hazardous concept of free will.
Dean immediately made his apologies to Bobby, mindlessly paying for the older Alpha’s drink and charging towards the gorgeous creature waiting for him. This was him, the
Sam hated the changes made in the company, it was disrespectful to all the Omegas who worked hard to reach the position they were in only to be reduced down to their prior stereotypes of being maids and cleaning up after an Alpha’s mess. Sam brought up his opinions to his father and like always, they had a heated argument and nothing was resolved.
The Omega gave another head tilt but this time with a mischievous glint in his eyes, “Excuse me, thanks these slutty legs and big ass, customers keep coming back.”
Charlie entered the office, her nose scrunching up in discomfort at the acidic pheromones floating through the air. “It’s Mr Novak, his brother is here for the interview. Do I let him in?”
Castiel pulled away victoriously, watching with amusement as Dean hungrily chased after his lips. “Well, then what’s the point of giving in easily when I can enjoy seeing how far you’ll go to get my attention. So far, you’re making it hard for me to say no.”
Sam looked across the lawn, spotting a car in the driveway of the house next door and squinting against the afternoon sun to make out the faint silhouette of someone leaning against the car. “Dude, I think you finally got new neighbors.”
Jobs equivalent to the duties of a maid were an Omega’s second chance at avoiding becoming a prostitute. These positions included becoming a secretary, cleaning, assistant, delivery boy/girl, attending phone calls, and other positions that were easy enough to learn in one day. Such positions were considered offensive to Henry Winchester.
Sam seethed dangerously, an animalistic sound leaving his mouth. “Castiel can leave whenever he wants.”
John presented a folder, opening it and rustling through the papers. “I’ve talked with Mr Novak and we both agreed that incorporating a new job position in this company is more than welcome. If we need elevator workers to maintain the reputation of this company, then we will be more than welcome to increase the addition of new jobs.”
. I’m so glad that uncle Gabriel kept making more rompers for our mom. My favorite is the beige one.”
what has Dean done? Everything that he just said to Castiel. How could he take them back? How on earth was he capable of hurting the one person he cared for the most? The Omega was right, what the hell was his problem? But
The Alpha feared that if he came eye to eye with the Omega from next door, Dean would have a raging hard on by remembering Castiel wearing fluffy white angel wings while taking his cock and begging the Alpha to fuck him harder, filling the Omega with his semen and making Castiel pregnant. Of course, this would all be in his head while asking the Omega how his day went.
What the hell do you think this is?! Are we on vacation? I doubt it! Now, come on, you old fart and help me with this damn car!”
Castiel looked at Lucifer, gaining all the courage he could before lowly whispering. “Don’t you think its better if we move into another city?”
Both Omegas fought together in avoiding job positions that involved scraping their knees against the floor and becoming a vessel for Alphas to deposit their semen in. Thanks to Castiel’s older brother —Gabriel — the two Omegas managed to pay their rent with the monthly deposit made by Gabriel to Castiel’s bank account.
Of course, the wealthiest family in all of Lawrence, Kansas surely paid well for boys to undress and offer their ripe bodies to young gentlemen bearing the Novak name. Lucky for Dean and Sam Winchester, they were chosen to be special guests at the Novak house. But then again, being male prostitutes wasn’t exactly the main aspiration for the Winchesters.
Garth struggled to carry Castiel, giving a huff of annoyance as he cupped and lifted Castiel’s ass. “Bitch, either tell me now or I’m gonna drop your fat ass.”
, it’s what the Alpha deserved for letting the Omega next door suffer so horribly at the hands of a rapist. An abusing Alpha that enjoyed beating and using Omegas as if they were lifeless dolls. Dean could still feel the Omega’s pain building at the base of his stomach, the Alpha could
that Lucifer probably abandoned the Omega on the floor, preparing himself to sleep and not caring about the sniffling sounds escaping the Omega’s heart throbbing mouth, made the Alpha see red.
It was greedy of him, Dean knew that, but he wanted to know every painful secret laced in between the walls of that dreadful house. The Alpha wanted to hear the grim lies Lucifer spread at explaining how the Omega managed to present himself with various bruises, cuts, and bites decorating his gorgeous face and perfect body.
The Omega immediately went pale, he couldn’t breathe. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Where on earth do you get these ideas? I don’t know, but you’re wrong. Lucifer loves me and I love him back, we’re a happy couple.”
Castiel belonged to Dean; the Omega was ready, open, tender, and ripe for the taking. “Then what’s stopping you, big boy.”
This family was no joke and already, Sam and Dean were nervously fiddling with their hands. The driver parked in front of the house, the sweet yet grumpy driver named Bobby, hurriedly opened the car doors for Sam and Dean. The Winchesters thanked Bobby before anxiously walking up the stairs and ringing the doorbell.
, the Omega was pulling down the zipper to his jeans and slipping off his pants. Black briefs were hugging the Omega’s plush hips and wasn’t that was hottest sight the Alpha has ever seen.
The Alpha growled, sighing loudly. “That’s not what I meant. I mean the bruises on your face. What happened?”
Castiel felt his stomach dropping to his feet, an eerie silence fell in between them. The Omega could feel his throat clogging up. Castiel wanted nothing more than to breakdown, to fall into the shattering pieces that made up his life while slowly bleeding out. But somewhere inside the Omega, Castiel knew that he wouldn’t do that, not in front of Dean Winchester, the ultimate killer.
There was an identical cut along the Omega’s temple, although this wound was colored in a darker shade of purple than the rest of the bruises on the Omega’s face. Then the Alpha’s eyes landed on the sickening bite against the Omega’s scent gland; the flesh marred as if it were bitten by a rabid animal.
Should he really start the conversation first or should he wait for the Omega to say something first?
Two nurses came at either side of Castiel‘s bed, holding both of his hands. “You can do it. Come on, Mr Winchester.”
Instead of a quick fuck, Dean wanted to make love, he wanted to feel every part of the Omega moving against him. The sweet sounds escaping the Omega’s lips, Dean wanted to hear that against his mouth. The Alpha wanted to consume the Omega’s screams, Dean wanted to taste the Omega’s pain while he fucked into the Omega with no mercy, deflowering the Omega and watching with obscene pride as the Alpha’s cock shimmered with virgin blood.
Serves him right. But like the dumbass that Dean was, it took him way too long to understand what the heck was happening.
The Alpha’s eyes traveled over Castiel’s features, finally resting his gaze on the Omega’s lips. “No.”
But this time, the Omega would fight back. Castiel dealt with this kind of abuse with Lucifer everyday, he will not stand to be insulted by another Alpha. The Omega’s chest kept rising and falling, the tears threatening to spill over were being held back, if anything, Castiel wasn’t going to give Dean the satisfaction of seeing him cry, of being vulnerable and open to being slashed by the Alpha’s sharp words.
Should he start with a cheesy line? Should he offer himself to Castiel? Should he introduce himself?
Castiel was distressed, seeming on the verge of having a panic attack. The pheromones produced by the Omega were bitter and harsh, making the Alpha scrunch his nose in displeasure. Judging by the pheromones radiating in large waves, Dean knew that the Omega was scared and the Alpha’s instincts kicked in automatically.
Without further ado, Crowley gave the Winchesters his card, ending his elevator pitch with a cheesy line and leaving Sam and Dean with their mouths open. It wasn’t obvious to the Winchesters but Crowley knew that in a matter of 24 hours, Sam and Dean would go chasing after him, desperately accepting his offer.
Castiel was a little overwhelmed by the rising escalation of being best friends with Jack. Since the Omega could remember, no one has ever wanted to be his best friend, let alone just be his friend. Jack was probably Castiel’s first and only friend he’s ever had, yet he couldn’t really understand why a
The Omega was gifted with pitch black strands of ebony hair, they shined like the feathers belonging to a raven. The stark contrast of Castiel’s wickedly black hair with his shimmering pallid skin made the Omega mysterious, dangerous, alluring, and bewitching. The need to feel Castiel’s hair was making Sam and Dean’s fingers twitch with primitive longing.
Sam stood up with a clouded rage, his blood was boiling at the ignorance of every Alpha in this company, heady pheromones were intoxicating John’s office and the Alpha was about to argue with his older brother when John’s receptionist, Charlie Bradbury, knocked on the door.
Sam, unashamedly, gave the Omega a flirty smile and sent him a teasing wink while waving hello to him. The Omega blushed underneath the attention, giving a shy smile and waving back hello to the handsome Alpha who was equally as hot as the other Alpha standing next to him. Dean was completely starstruck at Sam’s boldness,
The Omega was dressed in a blue romper; the outfit was decorated with shimmering white polka dots, ocean blue sleeves were snuggly showing off half of Castiel’s lean biceps, the silky fabric was perfectly tight against the Omega’s slender body, Castiel’s thighs were entirely bare, no thanks to the bottom part of the romper that was excessively flirtatious in its means of displaying the Omega’s distractingly long legs.
Dean was aware that the strings pulling him back from claiming the Omega were being snapped into two but the Alpha wasn’t totally lost in his head. Dean wanted to protect Castiel, he didn’t want the Omega to feel pain and he’d rather take the annoying pain of the workbench digging into his skin than letting Castiel feel the touch of the cold hard metal.
Sam cleared his throat, not believing what he was hearing. “So, what you’re saying is that we need to hire elevator workers to push a button because other Alphas can’t do it themselves?”
“I don’t care for the scent of an unclaimed Omega. I don’t give a shit that there are tons of Omegas here in town, I don’t want to scent any of them. You’re the only one I want to scent, just
now that Dean thought about it, it was embarrassing to even think, much less, approach Castiel after this.
Dean painfully looked up at Castiel and the amount of guilt he felt at seeing the Omega being utterly heartbroken, was destroying him.
Crowley wasn’t like everyone else, he could see that beneath the raggedy plaid shirts and torn jeans, Sam and Dean were prostitutes. With the exposure of Sam and Dean’s profession, Crowley began to offer the Winchesters a permanent home with food, clothing, privacy, freedom, and safety. But paradise came with a price, a price that was purposely omitted by Crowley.
It was slowly becoming stronger; the fragrance of woody forests sprouting new trees and conserving the beauty of nature, pine and oak trees giving off spicy scents that made the Omega’s mouth water, the plush greenery of moss beds tangling with one another, and autumn leaves floating in the air only to land on the ground, waiting for the inevitable crush given by the soles of a shoe to produce a crunchy breaking sound.
The Omega was too good for him, too perfect for humanity and Dean was a 100% sure that he didn’t deserve Castiel.
Dean rolled his eyes, letting out an exaggerated sigh and taking reign of the situation. “So, aside from Sid and Nancy fighting like three-year-old girls. Do we all agree with this new decision?”
Dean didn’t want to go through this again, hurting Castiel and using the Omega. But before the Alpha could even win the battle with himself, the image of Castiel taking his cock was vivid and real.
Then, as if a hot blade went through Dean’s chest, the Alpha grabbed a handful of the Omega’s hair and dragged the Omega inside. The Alpha threw the Omega inside the house and with a deadly glare, the Alpha looked back at Dean and Sam, snarling lowly and giving them a faraway warning to stay away from
The Omega took the fork in his hand, shyly playing with the utensil and looking up at the Alpha with doe eyes that glimmered with sparkles. “Only if you try my pie first and tell me that its best thing you’ve ever eaten.”
Dean gave an annoyed cough, hating his lack of participation in the scene playing before him, like hell he was gonna let his little brother get all the fun. “Sammy, do you think I can join in on the action without you being present?”
Man, sue Dean, but the Alpha was just so darn happy. Today is literally a great fucking day! And today was Thursday, usually Thursday’s sucked ass because it was a step closer to Friday but not really. It was an illusion to those who needed to believe that Thursday would zoom by quickly, when it never did. But today, a damn Thursday, was Dean’s favorite day.
And that’s when the Alpha realized that the sulfuric scent eating at his nostrils, burning through his flesh was not due to Lucifer confronting him, it was more like an extension of him. There, at the base of Castiel’s lovely lean neck, was the hideous leather collar that was repulsively soaked in Lucifer’s acidic fragrance.
“You heard me, Cas. Don’t play the innocent little cunt with me, it doesn’t work. Sure, you’re pretty; you have the whole big blue eyes and pale complexion that makes you mysterious and exciting but really Cas, you’re nothing more than a toy waiting to be played with. Look at you, a piss poor excuse of an Omega telling me, what love is about, the hell do you know about love, Cas?”
The Alpha couldn’t stand it anymore, Dean decided to walk across the bedroom and reach the window. The Alpha despairingly pressed the palm of his hand against the cold glass, wishing,
The Alpha shook his head and went back to staring at the Omega; the Omega’s hair was slightly damp, ebony strands were wildly sticking out in different directions and Dean wanted nothing more than to ruffle up the Omega’s hair, purposely making it way messier than what it was. And,
stupid, Castiel shouldn’t be pouring his broken heart out for someone like Dean Winchester, the ultimate asshole.
This was a whole new level of how far Dean would go to be with this Omega. But hell, it wasn’t the Alpha’s fault that the Omega looked so sexy like this; vulnerable, exposed, and beautifully bare to Dean’s eyes.
On the fifth day, Crowley received a call from Sam and Dean, timid voices on the other end asking if Crowley’s offer remained available. Of course, it bloody was. The very next day, Sam and Dean were summoned to visit Crowley’s brothel. In all fairness, the boys believed that their future home would be dirty, broken down, filled with male prostitutes offering themselves to anyone who passed by, and claustrophobic with older men drunk of their asses and harassing anyone close by.
Dean hotly began to kiss Castiel’s cheek, rubbing the tip of his cock against the cleft of the Omega’s ass. Breathless, with his lips red and swollen, Castiel managed to breathe again when the Alpha slipped his fingers from the Omega’s mouth. Dean tightly grabbed Castiel’s face with one hand, turning the Omega’s head to the side and consuming Castiel’s lips.
And the introduction of unwanted scents, especially aromas belonging to other Alphas, whether mated or not, was setting Dean’s teeth on edge. Right now, the Alpha was vulnerable and he’d defend his territory with his bare hands, killing any Alpha who dared to intrude into the privacy of his home. Dean was becoming territorial, like when a wolf bears his teeth at an enemy who wants to dominate him.
John was struggling to speak. “I don’t mind but aren’t there cameras here? Won’t the owner get mad?”
Sam went towards Dean, growling at the older man. “Touch our mom again and I swear to God that we’ll kill you.”
there, Castiel was a beast and although Dean was never one to judge by the length of some dude’s dick. Dean couldn’t help but be open to the idea that if Castiel had a monstrous cock hidden beneath those dress pants, then Dean wanted Castiel to whip that colossal thing out and destroy him completely.
Castiel paid the Omega boy in cash, using debit or credit cards was never Lucifer’s favorite method. “I don’t think I am. Why do you ask?”
It was easy to speculate which brother was favored among rogue demons. Dean was the most favored. Sam, on the other hand, was respected by everyone due to the Winchester name. Sam’s progressive state of mind along with his opinions concerning Omega rights and free will, wasn’t by far, a popular factor of his.
Crowley alongside with his mother Rowena, were business partners and they were always alerted of multiple requests that were explicitly written by well paid customers who desired to sleep with the rent boy of their choosing. If the rent boy in question decided not to sleep with the suitor requesting their services, they would not be judged nor forced to sleep with anyone they rejected.
Castiel felt the hot suction of the Alpha’s mouth against his scent gland, practically melting against Dean’s body when the Alpha began to lave at his skin like it was thawing ice cream. Castiel was quivering shamelessly, feeling an immense bulge growing against his stomach. The Omega nervously began to rub his body against Dean’s erection, it was soft and inexperienced.
Ever since his drive home, Dean has felt off, yes, the worst half of his day was shit but this was something else, something different. The Alpha noticed it when he randomly became turbulent at work, his body temperature was heating up to an unhealthy degree, his insides were being roasted alive, not great news.
But Dean was frozen, he couldn’t move. Like seriously, he couldn’t move. The Alpha’s arms were rigidly stuck to his sides, his feet were nailed to the ground, and his entire body was tense as shit. Dean should probably move. Dammit body,
Sure, was the doorbell louder than usual, yeah, Dean could totally forgive that. But right now, out the five senses being threatened, the Alpha’s sense of smell was being ambushed by an unwelcome intrusion of a foreign scent. It was a primitive reaction, usually when Alphas finished with their ruts, their need to control every aspect of their home pulsating with their natural scent was vital.
Dean thought about Sam’s words for a second, smiling in astonishment. “I’ve never felt this way before, especially for an Omega.”
there was an impure tension in the air, not even a heated blade could slice right through it. At this point, Gabriel and Chuck were sitting down and simply staring at them.
The Alpha’s mouth had the only privilege to leave as many marks as the pretty blue-eyed angel respectively deserved. And
Well, that seemed like a story that Dean needed to earn in order to hear. Then the Alpha’s mind began to wander. There was a surplus of questions pouring through his mind, was
Dean blinked, his black eyes reverting back to his emerald iris’. “Lucifer. Hey buddy, you’re kind of late to the party so why don’t head back home while I bang your date. No hard feelings, of course. He’s mine.”
Sure, Dean has had his few zero shares of rejection from any Omega that didn’t faint at his ridiculously good looks. But this was different, this wasn’t just
Chuck smiled woefully, “It’s fine. At least, I have my boys. Which by the way, Dean, you have the choice of being with Lucifer, Michael, or both.”
“Or what uncle Gabriel? You’re gonna punish me? Is it really my fault that your Omega brother dresses like a slut? Is it really my fault that Alphas like me want to tap that fine ass?”
the Omega’s girth was too cute for words; it was smaller than the Alpha’s and Dean was certain that he could devour the entire length in one gulp.
The Alpha growled frantically as he ran after Castiel, cursing underneath his breath when he tripped over the fucking rug. Dean barely saved himself from falling flat on his face, wasting no time in chasing after the Omega when the sound of the front door being slammed shut made the Alpha’s chest ache horribly.
The Alpha took back the empty cup, offering more tissues to Castiel. “Don’t cry, angel. Everything is gonna be okay, I’m sure whoever hurt you, they’ll get what they deserve.”
Dean wanted to vomit. The way he treated Castiel in his fantasy was rough, inconsiderate, abusive even and
After waiting for twenty minutes, with a dorky smile on his face, Castiel gave everyone their food. “Enjoy your food, boys.”
Dean couldn’t handle the idea of the Alpha hurting the Omega, ridiculing him before the eyes of others and taking sick pleasure in embarrassing the Omega. Dean was already climbing the fence when Sam appeared behind the Alpha, grabbing the hem of Dean’s jacket and pulling him back down.
Sam like Dean, were recovering from their wobbly state of the unexpected hug when Sam proceeded to introducing them both. “Hi Donna. My name is Sam and this is my brother Dean. We’re here because the Novak family requested us.”
With the counter acting as a barrier in between them, the Alpha could swoon over Castiel’s beauty but at the same time, view the disgusting leather collar tightly wrapping itself around the Omega’s neck. The Alpha aggressively bit the inside of his cheek, trying his hardest to ignore how much stronger Lucifer’s scent was becoming now that Castiel was slightly closer to him than before.
Even his Alpha side was protesting against the consequences of his own actions, will and power were embedded into the genes that made him an Alpha. It was known that Alphas had the power to choose any Omega they desired, even without the Omega’s consent.
Omega, this was the Omega meant to be with him. And to remind everyone — even Sammy — the Alpha has never asked for anything, for he always gave and gave, but just this one time, Dean was asking for this Omega to be
This wasn’t right, this was all wrong. The cuts underneath the Omega’s left eye seemed to run deeper than expected, they were nasty and full of hatred. Dean could feel himself inching closer to the pool of rage bubbling in his stomach, losing his temper and finding Lucifer, grabbing the abusive Alpha and beating the flipping shit out of him before Dean killed him slowly and painfully.
John smiled triumphantly, smirking at Sam and enjoying the sight of his son fuming in his seat. “Excellent. Now the question is, who’s our first candidate?”
Lucifer always hated towns; they were too quiet, people were nosey, and everyone knew everything of everyone. Not ideal for an Alpha who abused their mate on the daily. Aside from everything, Castiel agreed with Lucifer on avoiding towns but now, after what happened back in the city, the Omega didn’t think that the Alpha was stupid enough to take their toxic relationship to a town where everyone was susceptible to figuring out their deal.
Castiel chuckled in amazement, he’s never gone shopping before. “Sounds fun. But is it okay if we go early in the morning? I can’t really risk coming back late.”
We start our business days at 9 am, you know, in case if you’ve forgotten but so help me, I will slap you with this wrench if you ever come late again!”
Castiel couldn’t deny the delicious tingle running up and down his spine when hearing the Alpha’s deep and husky Louisiana accent. The Omega shakily grabbed three tissues and took the cup of water that Benny was offering to him, wiping away his tears and embarrassingly hiccuping while drinking his cup of water.
Castiel Novak — an Omega — was bonded to an Alpha by the name of Lucifer. From a young age, Castiel was naïve enough to believe that love was made of rainbows and happily ever afters. Fucking liars. There was no such thing as happiness on earth and being by Lucifer’s side for almost 18 years. Well, let’s just say that the Omega’s dreams were drained of any possibility of escaping the Alpha’s infernal maze.
Dean chuckled, his black eyes in place. “Please, no need for flattery but yeah that’s us. Let me guess, you’re one of Crowley’s bitches. Tell me, is papa bear still kicking?”
The stunning beauty standing before them deserved the limitless range of the stars in the sky, the glimmering galaxies that pulsed with soft colors, the sun that shined with golden rays, and the moon that sparkled with ivory beams. This Omega was too perfect for this world; perfection at its finest. Flaws were impossible to detect on this divine creature but the perfume of innocence drove Sam and Dean to unrefined madness.
he was a dumbass. What kind of idiot went around ringing people’s doorbells at the ass crack of the morning?
The Alpha took a sip of his coffee and groaned lewdly, facing everyone in the diner. “Okay everyone! I know you have the hots for me but stop making goo goo eyes at me and start working! Y’all can open the diner now if you want. And by the way, thank you all for getting your asses here on time. Castiel, follow me.”
The Alpha began to pepper Castiel’s scent gland with sweet kisses as Dean consumed the aroma of honeysuckle, a garden of gorgeous temptations that was forbidden to be tasted by any other Alpha except for Dean Winchester. The perfect mixture of orange blossoms and jasmine flowers, hotly feminine and such a fucking turn on.
Castiel smiled bashfully as he pulled down the hospital gown, exposing his swollen rosebud and offering the puffy red nipple to Dean’s mouth. “Come here, baby. Mommy’s producing so much milk and you can help me by being my little helper. Drink as much milk as you can, sweetheart. I need my baby boys strong and healthy.”
. But wait, there was something missing. Dean had a buffer, a reason to talk to the Omega. But what was it? Did he really have something important to ask the Omega?
Faintly, Castiel could feel a smudge of whipped cream being spread across his pouty lips. So, the Omega — without really thinking how this could affect Dean in a certain, sexual way — sensually licked his lips, tasting the whipped cream on his tongue and using his finger to clean away the foamy cream found at the corner of his mouth.
Dean was clenching his jaw, the Alpha knew that Castiel would lie about what happened to him but a small part of him wished that the Omega came clean but then again, they hardly knew each other. “Is that what really happened?”
But aside from that, The Winchester Company has been thriving by the year, sales were going up and expansion of their company resembled that of deadly virus infecting every country, but in a good way. There was only one concern in John’s mind and that was figuring out why his handsome, intelligent, and
, if he had the chance, he’d leave various hickeys, love bites, and gorgeous bruises all over the Omega’s collarbones. The amount of ashen skin that was lacking in Dean’s love bites were making the Alpha very angry, he wanted to be the only one who had the right to claim the Omega properly.
Gabriel nodded, heading towards the door and softly whispering to someone before introducing his younger brother. “Sam and Dean Winchester, I present my youngest brother, Castiel Novak.”
The Omega was still the most beautiful thing the Alpha had ever seen. It was as if Aphrodite herself decided to transform into a human being, choosing
Dean was unlovable and vulnerable to self hatred but he wasn’t a monster, that much he knew. The Alpha was about to pull away from the Omega, offering his apologies for being an ignorant butthole and giving Castiel a chance to escape when the touch of the Omega’s warm and soft nose was right against his scent gland,
What the hell was wrong with Dean, fuck the pie, he needed to run after the Omega and apologize for being an absolute shit head.
Jack nodded quickly, “Yes, yes. Is 10 am okay with you? The shops are open at 10 in the morning and I’m usually an early riser. I don’t sleep much.”
The Alpha kissed the Omega’s back, his canines grazing over Castiel’s skin. “Tell me you’re mine, Cas. Tell me that you need me.”
Sam smiled wickedly, tightening his grip on Castiel’s face and pressing his erect cock against the Omega’s hip.
hear the whimpering screams of desperation, and Dean could certainly taste the amount of blood coating the Omega’s face.
Castiel believed that the Alpha was a prodigy, it seemed ridiculous but the Omega was positive that Dean’s cock was so huge that it probably made its way past his stomach and before Castiel could reach the headboard before him, keen on finding something to hold onto before the Alpha left his ass battered and completely fucked out.
Castiel was suffocating, the urge to breathe in fresh air was clawing at his throat, hiccuping pants were rapidly dripping from his lips. The Omega’s chest was rising and falling, the Winchesters were so close to him now, breathing on top of him and swallowing down his very essence.
Of course, that night, Castiel got pregnant and a few months later, Dean Winchester, a healthy baby boy who was an Alpha, was born.
Is it possible for the Omega to be even cuter than what he was already? Probably. Then, like a sharp slap to the face, the Alpha was brought back to his senses and
more. More of these soft and naïve caresses that the Alpha believed himself to be unworthy of, more attention that he desperately wanted to consume, and most importantly, more of
Castiel observed the interaction between Dean, Bobby, and Rufus. In a way, the Omega felt almost intrusive at seeing how carefree they were around each other. Laughing, making jokes of one another, caring for each other, and acting like a family. Something Castiel never really experienced even as a child.
With the cutest head tilt ever known to man, Castiel teasingly asked. “What about you, handsome? See anything you like?”
Because their doctor was an Omega, John was convinced that her incomplete knowledge and useless degree was a waste. Mary was dead and there was no way to bring her back. Since then, John became unbearable when it came to respecting Omegas. So, when John’s father died, the image of Henry Winchester was torn to bits by his son.
Dean gave an irritated snarl, the Alpha knocked over a chair and angrily stomped his way to the door.
Garth finally placed Castiel on the ground, pulling his best friend into another hug and ruffling Castiel’s hair. “Tell me everything. How did the famous Sam and Dean Winchester conduct their interview with you?”
The sight of Sam’s friends being human Omegas always brought an irritable scowl to John’s face. Maintaining friendships with human Omegas that didn’t involve sex were frowned upon in the Winchester family. Sam always ignored his father’s protests when it came to ending his friendship with human Omegas, as a consequence, his father would beat him to a pulp.
Dean was not himself at the moment, which is why the following words that came out of his mouth were a complete surprise to him.
Dean parked Baby in one swift motion, pushing open the car door and immediately being ambushed by all his friends. The Alpha received gruff hugs and excited greetings. As always, Sam was left behind. A few rogue demons waved at him but many decided to ignore him and pretend that he didn’t exist.
John was rendered to being a shell-shocked hamster and because he was winning the position of being the comical joke of the year, the Alpha bumped into the table again.
before. The Omega was curious and he immediately wanted to say yes but the reminder of Lucifer made him hesitate. Castiel worried his bottom lip, Lucifer has isolated the Omega from the world for a long time, prohibiting Castiel to make friends because that was the easiest escape route that allowed the Omega to leave Lucifer behind.
Garth sat up straight, his eyes wide open as he grabbed the phone and put Gabriel on speaker phone. “You have a job for Cas?! Are you serous?!”
, John wanted to spread the Omega’s legs apart and fuck him over the table. “I didn’t order a slice of cake.”
Mated Alphas were territorial as fuck and when it came to the scent of their Omegas, they forbade the use of an Omega’s scent to be displayed out in the open, susceptible to the noses of other Alphas who were considered potential threats. Which is why, mated Omegas were prohibited of flaunting their scent to others Alphas.
Dean appeared by the Omega’s side, clearing his throat and staring the older Alpha down. “Rufus, this is Castiel, my next-door neighbor. Cas, this is Rufus, a no-good flirt of a mechanic.”
The Omega gently pushed John aside, opening the car door for him and offering the Alpha to step inside. John looked like a nervous puppy who was barely registering the basic mechanics of walking, the Alpha rubbed the back of his neck before entering the back seat of his car. Castiel purred in a seductively calm manner, telling the Alpha to lay back for him and softly shushing John when the Omega crawled on top of him, wickedly rolling his hips and grinding himself against the Alpha.
Castiel’s cheeks were sporting a rosy red color, bashfully ducking his head and giving them a small nod. The Omega children jumped at Castiel’s reaction, giggling madly and fawning over him. The children who were Alphas — five boys — were starstruck with the Omega, their eyes were palpitating pink hearts and their cheeks were reddened with embarrassment as Castiel also waved at them.
Dean entered the main part of the shop where cars were everywhere, the Alpha was scenting the air, trying to locate Bobby and Rufus when Bobby appeared.
“Because you have an unhealthy addiction to sweets. You have the most horrible sweet tooth! And I’m not going to witness my only brother dying of a heart attack or getting diabetes because you can’t stop eating sweets.”
Dean was blissed out. Ever so carefully, the Alpha slowly unclenched his canines from the Omega’s scent gland, feeling the
The Alpha smirked, stepping aside and presenting Castiel, purposely showing him off because the Omega was worth being spoiled with attention. “Bobby, this is Castiel. Cas, this is my ever-charming boss, Bobby. Cas is my next-door neighbor.”
Dean stroked the Omega’s cheek with his thumb, carefully tilting Castiel’s head to the side even more, a proper submission to the Alpha. “
Dean felt the strong impulse to brush his lips against Castiel’s, stating his dominance over the Omega’s mouth and giving Castiel the softest of kisses that the Alpha never gave to anyone before. “Can I scent you?”
Thankfully, Lucifer was still inside but Castiel was pulling at his collar, wishing nothing more than to take off the collar that was grossly sticking to his skin like glue. To distract himself from the feeling of the collar sticking to his skin due to the sun hitting him, the Omega went back to looking at the families resting on their lawns while their pups ran a muck.
Unlike demon Omegas or angel Omegas, human Omegas had it worse. Human Omegas were useful for non committal sex, a quick fucking session that usually began with rape. Human Omegas were more delicate, vulnerable, and susceptible to cruel tortures like bearing bruises, scratches, painful bite marks, and unholy abuse.
Rule number three was extremely important because already, giving yourself to the world of sex and rape was a one-way ticket to losing your independence, especially when the words
to get this family’s attention. And all of a sudden, this family is requesting you both to stay at their luxurious mansion for an entire week. Do you have any idea how much money were going to make?”
What the fuck? Who the hell worked at 6 fucking am? Well, actually many people did because although Lawrence, Kansas was a small town, that didn’t mean that the residents living here couldn’t work in the city and in order to beat the morning traffic, they’d leave at ungodly hours to get to work on time. Okay, that seemed pretty solid, perhaps Lucifer worked in the city and
The Omega took a step back, slowly moving to the side and searching for the Alpha’s face and to the Omega’s surprise, Dean was smiling like a child who just arrived at Disneyland for the very first time.
Was Dean truly destined to suffer through the longest night of his damned fucking life? Perhaps. This sucked major balls. It was tempting,
The Alpha sat down in his comfortable chair and exhaled annoyingly at the amount of work waiting for him.
the Omega shook his head and cleaned himself up. Once Castiel was positive that he wouldn’t be crying anymore, the Omega took the pile of tissues soaked in his tears and threw them away in a small waste bin.
Dean ignored his younger brother, turning to face the Omega and opening his mouth to say something dirty about Castiel getting fucked by his cock when Sam stepped on his foot, making Dean growl in annoyance. “God, you bitch!”
Lucifer pressed down on the brakes, halting the car with a rough stop, causing Castiel to jolt forward and nearly banging his head against the dash. The Alpha snarled vehemently, reaching for the collar wrapped around Castiel’s neck and pulling at the dark leather that left the Omega’s skin red and irritated, smashing the side of Castiel’s face against the glass window.
Dean looked back at his younger brother. “I’m sorry for losing it. Though to be honest, I was close to beating the hell out of you for stopping me.”
Sam hugged his mother, rubbing his face against Castiel’s tummy. “We were worried about you, mommy. We needed to protect you.”
Dean instantly scented the moment when Castiel became hard, it drove the Alpha to complete madness, the Omega’s arousal was intoxicating and Dean’s pupils became fully dilated. The Alpha’s jade irises disappeared in a fleeting second, the inner Alpha inside of Dean was rattling against its iron cage, desperately wanting to respond to Castiel’s arousal with an equally, if not more powerfully, lethal scent.
While Dean tried to control his anger towards the doctors who were preventing him from seeing his mother; in a sterilized room, Castiel was gripping onto the bed with every weak strength embedded in his tired muscles. The Omega was exhausted, he’d been in labor for 12 hours and the absence of an Alpha was making the birthing process excruciatingly more painful for him.
Looking down at their own clothes, Sam and Dean felt out of place, they were seriously underdressed amongst the gorgeous rent boys who passed by with fine clothing. Pushing their sense of worthlessness down their throats, they kept their heads high and followed Crowley to see their future residency. Since they were brothers, Crowley decided to be a sweetheart, gifting them a room the size of an expensive condo.
The younger Alpha followed the mob of people fawning over his older brother. Shouts came in every direction when Dean entered the bar, “
Dean was ignoring Charlie’s concerned questions when Dean felt his younger brother grabbing his ankles.
The Alpha was cold and malicious, a glint of repulsion burned through his green eyes. “As if a broken Omega like yourself could ever comprehend what love is.”
The two older Alphas watched as Dean and Castiel walked away, Rufus being the first to speak. “Did you see the mark on his scent gland?”
taller than his brother; his chest was thicker, sculpted muscles dipped and curved around Sam’s pecs, his shoulders were broad like the mountain ranges stretching from one side to the other, and his biceps were straining against his suit, the potency of his stamina was intimidating and Castiel could feel himself being rendered to a pile of quivering bones that desired to feel the Alpha’s godlike body against the Omega’s smaller frame.
The word alone made Castiel tremble with unadulterated hunger; his body was pulsing with a need to be
It was clear that the gears in the younger Alpha’s head were turning and when a lightbulb seemed to flicker on, the Alpha stood up abruptly and bumped his thigh against the table which caused him to curse underneath his breath.
Standing before the Alpha was Castiel Novak, the beautiful angel sent from heaven. The Omega was nervously standing on Dean’s doorstep, perking up immediately when the door was swung open, not catching the Alpha’s rude remark.
Castiel was about to pull Sam and Dean away from the Alpha when Gabriel showed up. “What the flipping heck is happening in my fucking beautiful diner?”
Castiel screamed, reaching back with his hand to grab a handful of the Alpha’s hair, roughly pulling at the strands. The Omega, the naughty boy that he was, began to roll his hips, purposely taking Dean’s engorged cock in between his plump ass cheeks and sliding himself up and down, sloppily drenching the Alpha’s girth with his slick.
and looked down at his sleeping baby brother. Castiel snorted as he wiped off the stream of milk running down Dean’s chin.
The Omega sadly pushed himself away from the window, shutting it closed while stripping himself bare. Dean growled wolfishly as he watched the Omega lift his shirt from his slender and soft body. Inch by inch, pale skin was being presented to the Alpha, the Omega was surprisingly muscled, the faint V-line dipping into those curved hips were driving Dean insane.
“You know that I love you, right? You’re the only thing I care about and after what happened with that big bag of dicks who tried to take advantage of you, I’ve always been protective of you and in a heartbeat, you know I’d die for you.”
Dean was busy abusing Castiel’s scent gland with his canines, leaving behind possessive claiming marks that bled through the Omega’s snowy white skin.
The Alpha smelt ripe pears being drizzled with the golden liquid known as honey. Every pear was bursting open with the juices that poured and leaked from the fruit. It was succulent and moist, driving the Alpha to pure madness. And with a possessive growl escaping Dean’s mouth, the Alpha caught the scent of strawberry fields and lavender.
Dean bit back a hazardous snarl as he slowly began to flex his fingers, testing out how badly the pain would be for the following days and to his disappointment, the ardent cascade of fresh and extremely heightened soreness that was bound to make his job slightly more difficult at the repair shop was not exactly great news to him.
Castiel was breathless as he scented the crinkle of written paper speaking the words of passion and desire, the Omega could smell a wooden desk waiting to be covered in books that provided different gateways to various worlds, the aroma of black ink waiting to be touched by the tip of a beautifully carved quill, and the mouth-watering fragrance of rolled up maps being stored away in a corner where the fine line of past realities coincide with present existences.
The Alpha child was prepped from a young age to one day become an adult with enough knowledge to run The Winchester Company. Once they had children, the cycle would repeat itself again. If a Winchester bared a daughter; the female pup would be forbidden to enter The Winchester Company. The Winchester Company has always been and will be managed by an Alpha male, never a female.
The grand majority of employees at the The Winchester Company were Omegas and they all despised John Winchester. Every Omega in The Winchester Company mourned the death of Henry Winchester, missing the sweet Alpha and fearing the following changes made by John Winchester. Once John became president, Sam and Dean were promoted to their father’s prior job title.
sweet. It was a known fact that Dean never really liked the aromas produced by rogue demons, they were too harsh on his nose and it left a sour aftertaste in his mouth.
Dean began to punch the wall repeatedly; anger was seeping through every hit and the Alpha didn’t stop until the wall was ruined with fresh blood and large cracks. Dean stepped away from the mess he made and stared at the darkened window next door, toxic guilt was eating him alive.
Dean’s animalistic growl vibrated against Castiel’s skin, the Alpha used his free hand to wrap his fingers around the Omega’s starry raven locks, keeping Castiel in place while darkly snarling out, “If you keep talking like that angel, I might just be tempted to hear how an angel screams.”
liking to Rufus. Dean formed a thin line with his lips, balling his hands into fists and telling himself that he wasn’t being challenged by Bobby or Rufus. But hell, Dean couldn’t deny that the sight of two Alphas flirting with the Omega was making him incredibly jealous, to the point where he wanted to lay his hands on Castiel’s hips, staking his claim over the Omega and snarling at Bobby and Rufus to
The Omega began to get up, abandoning his drink when Dean possessively curled his rough fingers around the Omega’s delicate wrist, crudely whispering. “You’re not leaving here. At least not without me.”
Unlike all the other rogue demons who spent their time drinking at bars and fucking demons on every corner, Henry Winchester decided to live the quiet life in Lawrence, Kansas. The Alpha desired nothing more than stability and to breed with a pure blood demon. As a result, Henry married an Omega demon and bared an Alpha son by the name of John Winchester.
the Omega was sopping wet. Dean slipped three fingers inside of Castiel and the Alpha couldn’t believe his luck, the Omega was already prepped and open. But just because he could, Dean fingered Castiel until he was a mewling mess.
The Alpha knew what was happening, it all made sense now. The way Dean was purposely seeking out Castiel’s scent throughout the day, even at the repair shop, the Alpha was hunting down that aroma to keep himself grounded and not lose control. Dean could vividly smell the fragrance; it wasn’t as intense when he scented the Omega but it was enough to tickle his nose for a bit.
Jesus, the way Castiel was chanting the Alpha’s name had to be the equivalence of angels singing. Dean roughly shoved the Omega into the mattress before yanking Castiel upwards, slamming the Omega’s back against his chest and enjoying the new angle, managing to get his cock deeper into Castiel. The Omega rested his head against Dean’s shoulder, reaching back to grab the Alpha’s hair.
. The Omega’s scent, Dean didn’t have a chance to smell the Omega, even worse, he couldn’t stroke his own ego by presenting the Omega his own scent, making his inner Alpha purr in pride as the Omega fell head over heels for Dean’s scent.
Sam gave Dean his ‘don’t do something stupid’ face before pulling out of the driveway. With that, Sam drove away, sticking his hand out of the car and waving goodbye to his older brother. Dean gave a small wave before entering his house, hesitating to step inside before sighing and shutting the door behind him with a demonic force.
Castiel could easily taste the moment when the trigger of a gun was being pulled back, the poisonous and malignant gunpowder was triggered to explode with the drop of a lighted match. A hurricane of flames licked at the Omega’s body, torching its way through Castiel’s pores, and imprinting itself at the base of his existence.
From afar, Castiel could see Gabriel threatening Lucifer for a bit until his older brother came back into the diner, huffing angrily before calming himself down and reaching for his little brother’s hand. “Are you okay?”
way Castiel said his name was like hearing the wistful symphony of flower petals moving against the wind.
But acquiring job positions that involved zero actions dealing with sex, was a struggle for Castiel and Garth. The two Omegas were smart but intelligence never secured their chances in getting the rightful job positions that they deserved. Usually whenever they tried applying for a job, they were easily dismissed without a job interview or they were offered to work in a job position with lower pay.
Where to begin, there was a fluffy sensation tickling Dean’s fingertips. The silky aroma of vanilla bath bubbles made Dean feel like the atmosphere around him was wooly and ethereal. The softness of such a fragrance made the Alpha’s chest tighten with protective instincts, the need to protect the Omega from any potential threat was becoming more of a mandatory responsibility.
Dean got up from the bed, heading towards the fridge and popping open a beer. “That’s nice, Rowena but we’ve been working our asses off this entire month. We just want to relax, maybe take the week off.”
Castiel was still working at the diner except his new status was no longer married rather a widower. John’s death was a shock but the prevention of falling into a fit of despair was the unconditional support Dean and Sam gave to their mother. Even though Sam was merely a newborn child when his father died, Castiel and Dean said their goodbyes, leaving the past in a cemetery filled with graves.
But like a raging storm brewing over the ocean, the Alpha’s eyes became darker, a bone chilling shiver ran down the Omega’s spine as he admired the ashen grey color taking over Sam’s eyes, there were silver specks twinkling at the corner of his eyes, strongly pulsing as the light illuminated them. Instead of green grass and shiny droplets of transparent dew, Castiel felt himself standing in the middle of a grey storm, water hitting his skin, the momentary fear of succumbing to the storm’s provocative pull, and to make things even easier, the Omega let himself be pulled into darkness.
The Omega shrunk in on himself, tearing his gaze away from Dean and looking down at the flowers, they really were pretty; one bouquet was bursting with yellow and pink roses while the other bouquet held white lily’s. “I recently moved in, that’s what happened.”
At the declaration of Henry’s opinions, the Alpha believed that he would stand alone, a dying wish that would easily come true. Never did Henry think that half of hell would stand by his side. The greatest ending to a new beginning. That day, all hell broke loose. The war between demons was bloody; half defended Crowley’s honor while the other half defended Henry’s will to break away from hell.
The years passed and eventually Sam and Dean Winchester grew up into two different men. Starting with the eldest, Dean Winchester was the next in line to inherit the Winchester wealth. Once this small fact was known by every rogue demon in town, Dean suddenly became the most popular Alpha in Kansas.
this gorgeous creature from heaven and no way in hell, was Dean going to let Sam win this Omega’s heart. Dean growled predatorily at Sam, making the younger Alpha jump a bit.
Being who he was, Dean knew that he was unlovable, except to his younger brother of course. But even then, being an odious creature led the Alpha to continually repeat the process of never managing to withhold a long-lasting relationship, fearing that maybe the person he was with would one day get tired and abandon Dean.
Chuck began to introduce the Winchesters. “Gabriel, this is Sam and Dean. Remember you told me that you wanted rent boys for your birthday well —“
. The disappointment would come from Dean’s lack of acting like Prince Charming keen on swooning the princess of the story. But even then, the Alpha knew the reason why he was so nervous. It was a stupid reason in fact, one that Dean feared that as much as he tried to court the Omega, the Omega could easily reject him.
It was hard to unseen that level of violence against an Omega, the Alpha leaned forward, looking up through the glass window and eyeing the darkened house next door. Nothing. Dean sighed, pushing himself away from the window and returning to the task of healing himself. The Alpha threw away the blood-stained cotton balls and began to apply a cream against the tender and sensitive cuts that still burned with every dab of the bottle.
Cain pressed the knife harder against Dean's throat, "I wouldn't speak so ill of the dead, Dean. It's just in bad taste." He tsked with a shake of his head.
Dean rubbed circles on Cas’s stomach, “Well, she’s probably a Winchester. Always ready for a fight.” He grinned at the tiny movements against his hand. “Look at her go.”
"After yesterday, I didn't think you'd want anything to do with me." Dean chuckled as he pulled the shirt over his head. "You did a number on my shoulder." He pointed to the blistered scar on his right shoulder.
Michael watched his youngest brother in confused awe, shocked that he stood up for himself, terrified of what he could now do. Cas left the room and returned to the throne room, leaving Michael behind. He stood from the floor, hands on his hips. He wouldn't let Castiel think he'd won. He exited the room a few moments after Cas did, pulling Lucifer aside before the ceremony started. "My dear brother, I do think our baby brother has become a serious threat."
"I haven't decided." Cas smirked, thanking him for the gesture. "You seem genuine in your kindness, but so did he."
She crunched another bite of the apple and looked over his shoulder to the blank canvas. "A courier brought a letter today while you were out. It has the royal seal on it." She looked to Cas when he started coughing. "If the king wants you to paint something, you could have us set for life." She came back to him with the sealed letter and handed it to him. She hugged around his waist, dancing fingers across his scar. "Read it, I'm curious."
Cas rubbed his face as he tried to rid himself of his tears. "No, you're not. I thought he might actually care about me, but he was just using me to have a way into the royal family. I should have known I couldn't be loved. Everyone uses me, so why would he be any different?"
Cas walked over to his easel, looking over the empty canvas. He glanced to Dean for a moment, "When will you let me paint you, love?"
She smiled and pulled the strap of her dress aside. “This mark, sweetheart. Not that horrid brand. I wouldn’t want to soil your skin with a hot iron brand.”
Rowena let her eyes trace over the soft curves of muscle along Cas's shoulders. "To the kingdom's knowledge you and wee baby Henry died during his birth." She glanced away when he turned around. "There hasn't been any wet nurses in the castle, so I'm afraid to say that poor little Henry..."
Cas rubbed his arm hesitantly before he answered. He didn't know what to do. Dean had hurt deeply, but he didn't deserve death. Perhaps he could pull something out of thin air to save him. "Yes, I will accompany you." He pulled a cape over his shoulders and put his circlet on. "Let us go. I don't want to miss this." He linked his arm with Cain's as he desperately thought of a way to save Dean.
big, the Omega’s hand couldn’t hold all of him but that didn’t stop Castiel from pressing the heel of his hand against the monstrous cock that seemed to be fattening by the minute. The Omega held Dean by his cock, gently guiding the Alpha around while Castiel turned in seat, pressing his back against the island and spreading his legs open, inviting the Alpha in.
It wasn’t uncommon for Dean to show up at work with worn out clothes, his job was to fix cars and to those who thought that being a mechanic was luxurious, well, they’re fucking morons. Being a mechanic meant not only getting your hands dirty, but getting every part of your body beyond filthy. So, what was the point of dressing up if in the end, the Alpha would eventually be covered in dark stains.
“Mr Winchester, as a good person, I came to say my thanks for the other day you helped me. Though, now that I think about it, you helped yourself more than you helped me. Scenting me and what not. Well, I’m here, aren’t I? I said my thanks and now I don’t have to be here anymore. But there is one thing I want you to keep clear in that thick head of yours, I don’t
Dean could see through Castiel’s lie, though it wasn’t fair for the Alpha knew that Lucifer raped and hurt the Omega last night. “Clumsy?”
But as of right now, getting out of bed was the most difficult task Dean has ever encountered. The Alpha groaned at the hassle of disentangling himself from the sheets. Once Dean’s legs were free, the Alpha slowly sat up straight on the edge of the bed, using his hands to push himself off the mattress and hearing his joints cracking in protest, every bone popping at the effort of standing up.
Dean would give anything to be with the Omega right now; protecting him, loving him, and worshipping him like the divine creature he was. Just how in the fucking hell did his angelic Omega end up with a shitty excuse of an Alpha like that? Dean had no idea but he’ll be damn sure to make the Omega fall in love with him.
There was a pause, the Alpha caressed his cheek while staring at the Omega as if he’s lost his mind. Then the Alpha’s face darkened, a shadow filled with a sinister glow entered his eyes and, in a flash, the Alpha swung his arm forward, punching the Omega in the face. The force of the punch was too great that the Omega landed on the floor.
With tight smiles, Sam and Dean entered the hallway to their new lives and to their complete surprise, many of the rent boys living in the mansion gave them friendly greetings.
Dean walked up towards Sam, shoving a finger into the Alpha’s muscular chest and snarling lowly. “Just because it isn’t my business doesn’t mean I’m not going to stick my nose into it… yet.”
Dean was not only gifted with beauty but also with the natural talent of alluring men with a simple wink or a lewd gesture that always worked with men who wanted to fuck anything with a hole. To receive shelter and food for a couple of days, Dean was subjected to the perverted charms of prosperous men who would gladly open their homes to parent-less children, if at least one of the boys were willing to give up their dignity and become submissive whores bound to the commands of their savior.
Running down the stairs was a small man with honey colored gold hair, big brown eyes and the cutest smile Sam has ever seen. “
John looked down at his sons, a thought coming to his mind. “Call him. And as for the interview process, I’ll let me sons handle that part. Your brother has one hour to get here before I change my mind.”
Castiel pushed the cart, heading towards the last register and seeing it completely empty. The Omega noticed a slender boy leaning against the cash register, simply minding his own business. Castiel came closer to the register and was surprised to see that the worker was
Dean stared after his mother with an intensity brimming in his eyes, a look that was only reserved for Alphas who wanted to mate with their desired Omega. “Sam, do you think there’s something wrong with us?”
Castiel decided to leave the car door open, doing the car a favor in letting in fresh waves of wind to clean away the stinking pheromones belonging to Lucifer. The Omega leaned against the car, resting his forearms on top of the vehicle and dreamily looking up into the sun. The warmth from the bright star enchantingly glazed over Castiel’s snow colored skin.
Then there was the intoxicating scent of alcohol; specifically, the warm and spicy burn of a whiskey bottle tilted towards the Omega’s lips. Castiel could taste the smooth liquid running down his throat, leaving him with a burning sensation that debauched his entire existence. It should have made the Omega ashamed of how desperately he wanted to rip his clothes off, letting Dean touch him in every sinful way that made the Bible burn in horror.
I met Castiel today and now he’s my best friend. We met before my shift ended and I offered to walk him home.”
“You seem to enjoy reducing Omegas into sex toys that get down on their knees and suck off any Alpha who commands them to do it because according to you, that’s our job right? And to think that I actually
, the Omega slipped his delicate fingers underneath the waistband of his briefs and began to push the fabric down when the Omega suddenly turned around.
Dean felt ridiculous at even thinking about this but what if everything that was about to happen would go to total shit? What if Dean couldn’t keep it together and he came off as a total jackass?
Dean tightly screwed his eyes shut, faintly aware that the euphoric high of his orgasm was fading away. Usually during ruts, there were short periods of time where an Alpha’s clarity lingered for a bit, allowing the absence of being fully inebriated with the need to
until he was practically drooling over Castiel’s hand. The Alpha was seriously touch starved, the only caresses he’s ever been a victim to, was his mother’s touch, but he was merely a child when his mother died, the only exposure to love Dean ever knew.
Dean flirtatiously fastened his hands around the Omega’s waist, pulling Castiel forward and making sure that the Omega felt the length and thickness of his monstrous cock. “So, what’s it to be, baby cakes? Are you gonna leave us wanting or are you gonna make us work for it?”
Sam and Dean already memorized the Alpha’s scent; there were heavy traces of oceanic fragrances, intoxicated with sea salt and damp wood resting over the lapping waves that came every second. The two boys hated that smell. That scent belonged to Benny Lafitte. He was an Alpha cook, he worked with Garth in the kitchen but to Sam and Dean’s annoyance, it was painfully obvious that Benny liked Castiel.
The Omega grew the courage to stand up straight, walking away from the stability of the concrete wall behind him and approaching the Winchesters, experiencing a slight shiver when Dean eyed him up and down unashamedly. “Yes. My brother called me, saying that you needed an elevator boy.”
To piss off Sam and Dean even more, Benny ruffled their hairs and walked away, probably heading towards the back of the diner to unload two trucks filled with fresh ingredients. While Dean and Sam were plotting different ways of killing Benny for touching their mother the way he always does, Castiel was taking the order of an extremely flirtatious Alpha.
Dean gave a mischievous smirk, sassily shaking his hips. “Trust me, Mr Novak. I bet I can break your son before dinner starts.”
Perhaps Dean could avoid Castiel for a week or so. But knowing himself, the Alpha knew that he wouldn’t be able to resist the opportunity to spend every waking moment of his life with the blue-eyed Omega, making Castiel smile and hearing the Omega’s angelic laugh. Castiel did have a beautiful smile and the Alpha wanted to embed every crinkle of that smile into his brain.
While Sam and Dean were off to college, Mary Winchester became sick and eventually died. Mary was the main reason why John kept his opinions of Omegas at bay but when she died, the loss of his mate affected the Alpha negatively. John began to drink a lot and his quiet yet smart demeanor transformed into something awful.
Things were going so well when the Alpha’s instincts decided to come out of hiding, as the Omega slipped past Dean, there was a light brush against their arms when the Alpha detected the vile scent belonging to Lucifer. Instantly, Dean tightened his grip on the doorknob, if he added another amount of pressure against the handle, the Alpha would have easily broken off the doorknob.
Castiel chuckled nervously, jumping in surprise when Sam began to nip at his earlobe, rendering the Omega’s legs to a pool of jelly. “
Did Dean just die and go straight to heaven? Was this how it felt like when you approached the gates of paradise?
Dean’s knuckles were still wounded and aching in pain. To the Alpha’s estimate, it wouldn’t be too long before the inevitable torture of battered flesh would begin to hurt like hell.
That’s where Castiel’s scent remained throughout the entire day, that’s why he could smell it so clearly, it was the main reason why he was currently on the floor, sporting a massive erection between his naked thighs.
Since he was a child, the Omega loved entering libraries, instantly detecting the bittersweet aroma of aging books. The exact same scent was hitting Castiel’s nose, intensifying by the minute. Castiel greedily drank down the fragrance of books decorated with leather sleeves. The smell of leather reminded the Omega of an antique shop treasured with forgotten goods.
The Omega closed his eyes with a purr, pushing himself further into the Alpha’s touch until his eyes fluttered open at the sound of his name being spoken, black lashes curling beautifully. “Yes.”
And to be honest, Dean hated his father at times because the older man always wanted to spend his time with Castiel. Call it petty jealousy but the little boy wanted to be his mother’s world and if that meant removing their father from the picture, then Dean would be just fine with that. Even now, his dad wasn’t even here to support his mate during the birthing of their second child.
assume the worst of me. You’re gonna lecture me about my life, that’s pretty funny. From where I’m standing, you don’t know jack shit about my life.”
Once the Omega’s back met with the wall, Dean didn’t hesitate to take hold of Castiel’s soft hands, intertwining their fingers together and lifting the Omega’s hands above his head. Castiel’s head fell back towards the wall, exposing his neck even more to the Alpha. The Omega’s breaths were stuttering badly and it was cutest thing Dean had ever heard.
John nodded, slowly turning his attention away from the Omega and eating his breakfast. To his surprise, the cake was delicious and the Alpha could only imagine how sweet Castiel would taste on his lips. After spending about an hour in the diner, Bobby paid for everyone’s breakfast. Rufus and Bobby didn’t leave the diner without giving the Omega a massive bear hug along with a sloppy kiss to Castiel’s mouth.
Bobby faced Rufus, “It’s Thursday, right? So, Castiel closes today. He’ll be off around 9 pm. This is the only day that the diner closes pretty early.”
Since the Omega failed to answer Dean’s question, the Alpha smiled victoriously and took the opportunity to further reduce Castiel’s existence to nothing. “See Cas, no matter how many times you bat those pretty eyelashes or flash that cute smile, you can’t hide the fact that your hubby rapes you every night.”
Castiel rubbed Dean’s cheek with his thumb, pulling the little boy closer and kissing the Alpha’s temple. “Why don’t you go meet your little brother.”
was the Alpha that helpless when it came to flirting with sweet looking Omegas who deserved better Alphas in their lives?
With trembling hands, Dean delivered his baby brother to his mother, quickly supporting the Omega and making sure that Castiel was in a comfortable position before laying next to his beautiful mother.
Benny released Castiel and walked towards the kitchen, smiling brightly and greeting Sam and Dean. “Hiya boys.”
Only seconds away from dropping to his knees, the Omega was subjected to the stares of Sam and Dean Winchester, both Alphas raked their eyes over Castiel’s features, there was a look inside their eyes, it was brimming with unrestrained
The Omega chuckled lightly, blushing instantly while biting down on his lower lip. “No. I — I um, wanted to thank you for the other day at the repair shop. I came by the other day and knocked, but you didn’t answer. I sort of worried that maybe I did something wrong and you didn’t want to see me anymore, which I understand if that was the reason. If it is, I can just leave.”
It was adorable, how Dean and Sam cared about their mommy. They always followed the Omega around like tiny baby ducklings. So, it was no surprise that on a Tuesday afternoon, two stools were being occupied by two Alphas. With their elbows resting against the counter top and the side of their cheeks resting on the palm of their hands, Sam and Dean stared after their mother like they were permanently stuck in a trance.
Castiel was emitting pheromones of anger and distress, the Omega’s scent was powerful enough to erase Lucifer’s harsh aroma, for the moment, anyway. “Cas, I’m so —“
“Then don’t speak out of turn, Cassie. We’re staying in a town for the time being because back in the city you were so close to leaving me because a stupid little Omega got into your head. Telling you that I was bad news for you and you were so close to calling the cops on me and telling them about our love story. Do I need to remind you again of what the consequences are if you even think about leaving me?”
Bestowing Dean with an unprotected frailty that could easily be abused by anyone who saw Castiel as an easy target waiting to be victimized. The Alpha, unsure of how to handle the amount of affection being gifted to him, gave a small smile in return. Dean Winchester was not blushing.
While giving Garth the next three orders, the Omega sweetly said, “I’ll be with you in a minute! Take whichever seat you want.”
Castiel immediately looked up, catching the Alpha’s concerned gaze and shaking his head vigorously, cursing at himself for that was his first mistake, the Omega responded too quickly. “No. I mean — my Alpha, Lucifer, he — I’m just clumsy.”
Dean’s head shot up immediately, the Alpha could feel his vision swimming through black ocean waves but with every strength of control barely lingering in his body, Dean shakily came to rest on his knees. The Alpha’s eyes landed on his bed and
That’s what the new wave of a late afternoon garden, decorated with black dahlias sparkling underneath the gentle rays of an orange sun caused Dean to feel.
Garth smacked Castiel with the pillow, blindly reaching for the Omega’s phone and answering the call with his eyes closed. “If you’re not the sexiest Alpha booty calling Castiel at — “
Unlike Dean, Sam Winchester grew up with an open mind and a more positive attitude towards Omegas, especially human Omegas. Ever since Sam was a little boy, he believed that everyone deserved the same level of respect, Omegas included. In fact, during his time in school, Sam’s best friends were actually human Omegas.
Castiel coyly looked up at Dean, slowly reaching towards the Alpha and intertwining their fingers together. “If that’s what you want, then have me.”
The Omega brightened up; his happiness was just as blinding as the morning rays of the sun. “Really?”
When their eyes locked together, the Alpha slowly stood to his full height, never breaking the hold of their stare and trying very hard to keep himself from crushing his lips against Castiel’s chapped ones.
Chuck studied Dean and Sam for another minute before speaking. “Okay boys, I understand if our request was lacking in instructions so, let me break it down for you before my son appears. Today is my son’s birthday, his name is Gabriel and he’s the most playful one in our family and he’s been begging me to find someone who can… please him.”
The growing torment became unbearable, the Alpha couldn’t take the agony anymore so he limply fell to the floor, knees hitting the ground first. Dean bared his teeth, howling through the pain and feeling his canines emerging. Unexpectedly, the infernal hell fucking up the Alpha’s body was fading away, allowing Dean to see clearly but he knew that the shrieking anguish of unfair suffering would eventually return again.
Then, as if by some damn miracle, Lucifer stopped thrusting into the Omega and to Dean’s disgust, he watched the way the Alpha emptied his himself inside the Omega. The Omega was trembling, he remained still against the window and to Dean’s relief, Lucifer slipped out of the Omega. Lucifer grabbed the back of the Omega’s head, baring the Omega’s neck while slipping the collar off and violently biting through the Omega’s scent gland.
Dean clumsily tossed the cup of coffee into the sink, vaguely aware that the cup broke into a million pieces, not that the Alpha could actually give a shit at the moment while sprinting towards the front door like an adorable dog chasing after its favorite toy.
Castiel was certain that even if he did manage to leave the Alpha, assuming he’d leave in one piece, what would he do then? Lucifer was responsible for everything; the Omega knew nothing of finances except receiving money to buy groceries. Castiel wasn’t even sure if he could maintain a job by himself. In the end; being isolated, manipulated, and brainwashed by the Alpha who claimed him at the age of thirteen resulted in the Omega believing that he couldn’t survive without Lucifer.
It was evident now that after a full minute, no one was going to answer the door and Dean just won the award of being the biggest shithead on the block.
Dean was definitely going to expose the devil hiding inside Castiel and Dean definitely wanted to be on the receiving end of that revelation.
Although it may be hard to believe, Crowley did care for every rent boy living in his mansion and the small contribution of regaining independence was important, which is why
Dean slapped away Sam’s hands, groaning and bumping his shoulder against Sammy’s. “Don’t get your lacy panties in a wad, grandma. You’re no fun at all. I hope these Novak boys aren’t as lame as you.”
Sam and Dean, on the other hand, were left with their mouths wide open, the inevitable question finally being asked by Dean, “What the hell just happened?”
