Dean deepened the kiss, opening his mouth more and bucking his pelvis up against the angel. Cas pressed harder into his mouth, but before his free hand found it’s mark-
Chuckling, Dean dropped his head so his forehead was on Cas’ shoulder. “Yeah,” he breathed, laughing still. “When forever ends, I’ll just love you some more.”
Rising from the floor, Dean put a hand back on Cas’ shoulder. I need you to fight this, man. Cas answered sincerely, I know. I’m trying. His eyes took in the room for the first time without the fire of the mark. They widened in fear. I-I….the man- He looked back at Dean. He couldn’t bear to look elsewhere. The man spat while he was walking. It was almost on the impala. And…now we’re here. Dean’s grip tightened. I know. Believe me, I know. His voice shook. I need you to fight harder. You need to stop. Reality sinking in. He shakily moved a hand to Cas’ face. The mark will make you break every bone in my body, and unlike last time I can’t just heal afterwards like you did. So I need you to stop feeding the mark blood.
Dean’s hand rested on the door handle, but the movement next to him made him pause. He watched Cas dig a hand into his jacket pockets until he pulled out a long, dark blue scarf. “Traded the tie out for a new accessory?”
Cas lightly kissed the top of Jack’s head, and whispered more words of comfort to him. He found the clothes he was looking for and brought it over to the changing table.
After that, they both went back to their thoughts. They were almost back at the cabin when Claire spoke again. “Should we go?”
“Dean….is a bit of a revisionist.” A sad look flashed across Cas’ face before he looked back up at Claire. “But at that time, we were trying to stop the seals of Lucifer’s cage from breaking.”
Claire bounced up from the table. “I get my own room?” Her expression hardened moments later. She crossed her arms. “How long are you planning on keeping me here?”
Smirking, Dean made his way to the kitchen and instantaneously felt like an insect. There in the middle of the kitchen table were the new candy bowls. One was a dish brightly painted orange and decorated with black bats. The other was made to look like a witch’s cauldron. When Cas brought it home he argued that this could rest on the porch when the night grew late enough. Dean had joked that it was for when the charm of opening the door to little monsters wore off and Cas threw the new package of paper towels at his head.
Billie crossed the room, stopping directly in front of Mary. She held her eye. “There’s no home to go back to. Only memories. If you stay, this is it. This is home with the men your boys became.”
Cas caught the warm smile on Claire’s face before she went back to her usual look of disinterest. His own smile widened.
Like he just realized that she was there, Dean’s eyes snapped over to her. His mouth quivered. “He’s my…..” His grip on the creature tightened.
The moment Cas sat down in the box a wild look started flooding his eyes. Dean’s voice came out in a shaky whisper. I’ll fix this. You’ll be better soon. I swear. I won’t leave you like this.
” Dean stepped closer. All he had to do was lean forward…just a little bit more for their thighs to touch. Biting the inside of his cheek, he needed to focus. The warmth radiating off the angel was like a siren call, drawing him in closer.
It wasn’t long later that Sam got up from the library chairs they were all located at and rested a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I’m so glad you’re back. Sleep well.”
“You’ll never go back.” The tone in Jack’s voice lifted Cas’ gaze to his. “When the time comes, you’ll have a place at my side. Forever.”
..officially….they’re making it work, Jack distributed their God power into the universe and it caused their body to revert back to their actual age, and now Dean Winchester was a homeowner. If someone pulled him aside a year and a half ago and told him that this was his immediate future, he wouldn’t believe a single word. Even for him…..this felt far-fetched.
I imagine it would take a while for Cas to succumb to the mark, but I’d imagine Dean would see the difference immediately. I’m fine, Dean. I’m fine. I swear. But the gentleness that was always there when Dean looked at him….it was fading.
the one that said my weapons stash was abysmal. This way I have something to work with. They’re family. They’d want me to well equipped.”
Ever since she could remember, her parents prepared her for the world. Nothing was glossed over or simplified. The ways of hunting were straightforward. You save people. Mothers. Fathers. Daughters. Sons. Friends. Loved ones. They needed protection from the things that disrupted the natural order. It was a line drawn in the sand, and one she couldn't afford to touch.
A voice deep down in her core screamed at her to run. She caught a flash of movement out of the corner of her eye. Spinning, she saw a man stalking towards her.
Let me know what you thought of this week's chapter. I know Cas probably didn't react the way you thought, and believe me, I spent a long time making this decision. I'm personally really fond of how it turned out. (This totally won't get this family into trouble now....will it?)
“I was at first,” Claire grumbled. “She wasn’t letting me do anything so I left. I’ve been doing it on my own.”
Thank you so much for reading <3 Each and every comment fuels me to keep going and stay focused. So please leave one even if it's just a fun fact or come to icefire149.tumblr.com to yell about spn with me. I hope you're all having a good day and I'll see you in the next one <333
The man rolled his eyes. “So why are you moping around? Who else did you manage to piss off recently?” He made his way over to the shelves where he knew there would still be some bottles stashed. “You wouldn’t suppose Lucifer limped his way back from where ever Amara threw him?”
Cas didn’t even lift his head. He kept moving things around in one of the drawers. “He’s probably just staring at your soul.”
“Whoa!” Claire flew forward, putting her hands on the dashboard and pressing her chest to the steering wheel. “Did you see that?”
Dean tugged Cas’ arm, and the angel let himself be pulled forward and engulfed in Dean’s arms. They clung onto each other tightly.
Before he could move, a simple vibration resounded up his fingertips. And before Dean could ask what the angel had said, Cas broke the moment.
Mary shot forward to help him, but the look in Dean’s eyes made her freeze. She watched him hobble out of the room. With one last look at the wings burned into the floor, she followed after him.
“But Daddy,” Jack said staring up at him with big eyes. He tugged on Cas’ hand. “I was looking for your blue tie. I need it.”
A few coughs tore through Dean’s body, but he kept a hand on the center of Jack’s back the whole time. When his breathing settled, Dean hugged him back. Also with his free hand, he laid a hand on Cas’ knee.
-blue one was the tie that closest resembled the one Cas was wearing when they met in that old barn.
Claire shoved the plastic bag into Cas’ chest as hard as she could. Cas didn’t flinch. He didn’t speak either. The shine in his sad, blue eyes made her want to scream.
was what slipped out of his mouth, but with his tail between his legs Dean accepted his fate. Sighing, he sat down on the side of Jack’s bed. He was honestly baffled by the state of his life.
His throat hurt like he was suffocating on the pyre’s smoke. Dean’s gaze slid back to Cas, and he was able to breathe deep again. Cas studied him like he was desperately trying to uncover what horrors he was reliving again, so Dean downed the last of his drink, but he couldn’t bear to break the eye contact. Like a part of him was still afraid that Cas would turn to ash dusting the meadow’s flowers once again.
The corner of Cas’ mouth pulled into a small grin. “Honestly, I don’t think it is. Many hunters speak of Sam and Dean like they’re legendary. And….while I understand the reasons why….”
He quickly disappeared down a hallway at the other end of the room. Mary didn't stray too far. What she could see was enough. Books and papers were scattered on the floor. There were drops of blood near the tables. The toe of her boot connected with an odd silver blade.
There was something magnetic in Cas’ demeanor. As it circled and grew in his eyes, it filled Dean with a soft warmth that drew him a step closer. His skin burned, but on his brother’s life he couldn’t remember in that moment why he would normally never let himself get this close.
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitched. He tried focusing on Cas’ eyes…instead of the warmth and size of his hand….the memory of his fingers curling around….
Claire had no idea how much time had passed when she heard a light knock on the passenger side, front window, but the blanket of night was indicator enough that it had been a while. There was no point in looking, she knew who it was so instead she started wiping the remaining tears away with the palms of her hands.
And that’s not his fault. She knew that, but Mary also knew that she literally was plucked from 1983. This was wrong. It didn’t matter how much this Dean wanted her here. She needed to go home.
“Why’d you do it then?” Claire ran her index finger across the side of the steering wheel. “You won’t even let the Winchesters near Jack.”
“I’m so sorry. I-I…” Cas reached a hand out but stopped halfway between them. Looking away, he withdrew his hand. His next words tumbled out in a whisper. “Of course I would have called you….I wasn’t able to when things went….badly...I’m sorry. That’s a poor excuse.”
Mary came closer, but at the same time continued to keep her distance. Her hands clutched the lip of the table.
Cas leaned in, gently cupping the side of Dean’s face and left a feather light peck on his cheek. “Trick-or-treat.”
“I-uh, I don’t know.” He stood up and walked over to the window. Everything still looked the same, but he wouldn’t be shocked if it did start to snow any minute now. “I’m hoping it’ll be a dusting. Neither of you packed for snow.”
Grinning, Claire followed along at Cas’ side. She was paying more attention to Jack than she was her surroundings at this point. “Is this his first time?”
Jack’s expression softened, but his fingers were still tangled in her hair. “Ookay. Okay. Okay. Okay.”
“Sorry, pity then. I’m still getting a grasp on the range of human emotions,” Cas frowned. “I can see it in your eyes, right now. It’s there every time you see me.”
His gaze snapped back to the rhythmic rise and fall of Jack’s breathing. “It’ll be easier to explain in person.”
Jack peeked an eye from behind the bowl, but quickly squeezed his eyes shut when he realized Claire was still looking at him. He was notably bigger than he was last night.
The corner of his mouth twitched. “I told you in the past that angels can pick up on more than just verbal prayers. Longing. Strong feelings of intent. They’re like…..indirect prayers.”
“Nah,” Dean answered, scratching the back of his neck. “He went on a grocery run with Sam about a half hour ago.”
Claire rolled her eyes. “Whatever. Go on with the fashion show. Can’t wait to see what ugly thing you picked out next.”
An older woman standing over by the jackets jumped, startled. Claire narrowed her eyes. The woman smiled awkwardly. Jack clung closer, gripping tightly with his fingers.
Momentarily forgetting his troubles, Dean felt so happy. His mouth felt sore from smiling so hard while he worked to undo and retie the tie on the squirming kid. “Okay,” he said leaning back. “All set.”
Startled, his whole body uncharacteristically flinched. His blue eyes looked dull and sad. “Sorry. I didn’t hear you coming.”
Gripping the front handle of the cart, Claire bounced forward and cracked the end of the cart into Cas’ gut. “Unlimited!”
, because you’ve been taking care of him.” Exasperated, Sam shook his head and left the kitchen. He didn’t have an ounce of energy left to walk Dean through his new crisis.
Claire’s cheeky smile fell. With the heel of her boot, she launched herself forward and stopped in front of Cas. She spoke with a low voice. “What do you mean?”
Please let me know what you thought / any theories / fun facts / honestly whatever you want in the comments or over on my tumblr: icefire149.tumblr.com
Chuckling, Claire readjusted Jack again and looked around for any sign of where they needed to go. “Okay-” Jack stared up at her intently. “
“Well explain that to Dean Winchester. I hear he’s worked up enough that he’s gonna put your face on milk cartons.”
“Shh.” Claire closed her mouth and blinked. Cas continued. “Yes, he has wings. He doesn’t quite know...what they can….”
After a quiet pause, Claire bit the inside of her cheek. “Okay. So he’ll see the credit card charge. Sam gets his prayer answered.”
Dean smiled, watching the angel attempting to puzzle out the answer. I love him, the thought blossomed in his mind like it was the most natural thing. His heart immediately felt like it was on the edge of swan diving out of his chest.
"Do you understand, yet?" Billie spoke to Amara. "Humans aren't your toys. They're unpredictable. Complicated."
“Cas, come on.” Dean sighed. “Okay, you did your big speech about how you see me….well suck it up, because you need to learn to see yourself the way everyone else sees you.”
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight. He knew this was Jack’s way of signaling he would like to be released from the chair’s confinement. “Can you wait until I’m done with my phone call, and then we can sit in the other room? It won’t be long.”
.” Cas ended up placing both hands at the end of the cart. His fingers curled around the metal. The thoughts in his head started going lightning fast. So many moments and conversations needed to be adjusted under the lens of this new information.
He wasn’t looking at anyone in particular. Jack’s eyebrows were furrowed. “I don’t have….I, um…do you think my mom would’ve done the same?”
“Where were you going to store your stuff upstairs: in the closet or the drawers? I don’t wanna get in the way while I’m borrowing the room.”
“Hey,” Dean tried cutting through Cas’ frustration with himself. “You had no idea what Sam was gonna do.”
“I’m serious,” Dean pressed. “Like yeah, things don’t always go as we planned. I sure as hell know Chuck didn’t plan on being fired and left in the dirt, but….the point is that, you’re probably the best guy in existence.”
At a certain point Cas pulled the cart over to the side. He took a few steps ahead and looked around. Claire leaned against the front handle of the cart. Cas looked at both of them, “I think that’s it for his age group.”
“I don’t understand what military grade Swiss cutlery has to do with anything, but I do know hunting. You’re going to get yourself killed.”
“Okay.” The tension snapped back into his muscles so fast it kind of reminded him of the time he got too enthusiastic showing off tricks he learned with a yo-yo and nearly chipped a tooth. He felt so stupid.
“I’m afraid to ask what that means, but I have no doubt that Dean would never speak to me again if we did such a thing to ‘his baby’.”
“It’s not much.” Dean closed his eyes. Mostly he could see her smile. It was like she held their whole family’s supply of happiness in that smile. “I remember seeing so much white that I wasn’t sure if I could remember green anymore.”
Dean pulled him into another hug. “You never asked,” his voice cracked. “The thing you couldn’t have. You should have asked instead of leaving.”
The puzzled look on Cas’ face was evident, but he chose to nod instead. Claire cracked a smile. “Hopefully Heaven is too scared of the idea of Jack that they’ll keep their distance.”
“Hi,” she finally mumbled with a tiny wave. Jack didn’t react. Claire glanced up at Cas. “So….he can talk now?”
I hope this chapter makes up for the wait! I'm incredibly fond of the tiny moments. Like Cas' orange sweater and the fact that he braved cooking just to make Claire feel better. This chapter honestly took me for a ride. I had a few paragraphs written that will likely be the start of chapter 11 now, and next thing I knew I was like let's backtrack a moment. Then that moment kept going and going, and then Claire burst. I'm so glad the story surprised me this way. We finally started to touch on the things I badly wanted to explore in this story. Cas and Claire are both trying their best, but there's only so much you can do when they're both kind of a mess. But finally, there's some communication going on! They made it through their first road bump. I can't wait to see where chapter 11 takes me next.....
It hadn’t been long since they buried Cas, but one of the days Dean wasn’t drunk. Sam was surprised until he found Claire at the bunker door. He told her to wait while he talks to Dean first. He was angry. She doesn’t need to know, Dean. This will hurt her.
“Enjoy these years while you have them. They grow up too fast.” And with that, the older woman went off disappearing into the store.
Dean rubbed at his jaw. “Just….just head back here. Cas was already looking for you and Jack’s gonna want to show his costume off.”
Dean’s head flung back in deep, loud laughter. Whatever Cas was doing to keep him upright, he left go and Dean bounced against the mattress. That only had him laughing harder.
“Castiel.” Claire crossed her arms and sighed. “We’re not here to pick out clothes just because I like them. You’re the one who’s gonna be wearing them.”
“I’m not getting sicker, you know that.” He tried to readjust his head and back, but the pillows weren’t laying right. Cas scowled. “Rowena removed the spell. I’ll heal in time. I can’t go backwards. Nothing to worry about.”
Everything sounded too good to be true, which was probably perfectly fitting for Heaven, and yet, Dean felt like he was on the verge of having his heart ripped from his chest.
Dean looked at the bowls and pretended to be confused. He pointed at the cauldron. “Where’s the goods?”
"Time is vastly different here, but I know it hasn't been long since…” The angel shook his head. He was angry, but Dean couldn’t figure out the wild look, storming in his eyes. “WHAT did you do? What happened?"
“Of course.” Cas shivered involuntarily. “I’m not planning on returning to the Empty any time soon.”
Jack was unconscious not even five minutes into the drive home. Not that Claire could fault him. It had been a busy afternoon. She spent most of the drive staring out the window, but every so often she would glance back at him in the car seat behind her.
A shiver shot down her spine. “You ever...feel like he’s seeing right through you...or like...something?”
Cas rung out the excess water and turned around. “I was briefly human for a time after the angels fell. It was a while until I found what was left of my grace.” He started wiping the stickiness off of Jack’s face and hands.
A coy grin spread across Dean’s face, and Cas flipped them. They were still standing upright, but they were pressed together now. Cas leaned in, pressing kisses into Dean’s neck and up to his jaw.
“No.” Cas crossed the room and saw Jack laying on his back. The baby reached his hands up, wanting to be picked up.
Claire fell into another fit of laughter that had her leaning too far back in her chair. She slammed forward before she knocked the whole thing over. The silliness of the moment had her laughing again, and Jack excitedly babbled louder. “I think the kid likes me.”
“Oh, there you are,” Cas said taking the corner. He spotted Eileen and she waved. “Happy Halloween,” he signed.
and tore apart tons of trees in the wooded area. He couldn’t imagine what the sight was that Sam saw on the news.
The corner of Cas’ lip twitched. “I don’t doubt her assessment. If you remove hunting from the equation, then there’s no reason why you couldn’t see any of those milestone birthdays for Jack.
Cas stopped dead in his tracks, and turned on his heels. “Oh, Dean.” His gaze nervously glanced around the garage. “I didn’t see you there.”
Dean opened his eyes. “Chuck’s put him back together before,” his voice croaked. She held the glass out, but he shook his head. “I don’t know why he’s taking so damn long to answer. I don’t know where he went with Amara.”
Dumbfounded, Cas nodded. The emotions swelling in his chest felt inordinate. Her words meant more to him than he knew how to express.
The next several minutes were spent going in and out of the dressing room. Each time Cas hesitantly pulled the curtain open, Jack burst into cheers and clapped. Claire’s cheeks were stained pink from quiet laughter. Slowly, he was getting used to coming out for their inspection. He even remembered on his own to spin for their benefit….and more likely their amusement.
Stepping out of the dressing room in a navy, cotton t-shirt and black, denim jeans, Cas spotted Claire and Jack in an open area adjacent to the changing area. There was plenty of room for other shoppers to go by them and their cart. The sight put a slight spring in his step. Claire had her arms resting on the cart’s handle and she was leaned forward, talking to Jack. She already looked miles more relaxed around him than she was last night.
If Dean hadn’t already known that angels couldn’t sleep, he probably would have thought that Cas was deep asleep next to him. For a minute he watched the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest, and the slight fluttering of his eyelashes. Normally, this wasn’t something he’d allow himself for more than a heartbeat, but it had been a few days since him and Sam saved Cas from Rowena’s attack dog spell.
She burst out of her chair, running her hands down her arms and looking over her body. “Everything looks the same.”
Mary eyed him carefully. Dean hid his face in his hands, leaning over the table. “So….” She felt utterly useless while Dean lowered a hand to meet her stare. “What now?”
Castiel sighed, accepting defeat. He walked into the first stall and pulled the curtain. A short while later he was eyeing himself in the mirror.
Cas sat down at the table. “Are you okay with making a shopping run today? We have a long list of things to pick up.”
“Of course it’s on me! I trusted him, and he took…..” Cas ran a frantic hand through his hair, pausing at the side to tug at the roots. “Our wings are broken, Dean. Every single angel….all of my siblings are broken, because of me.”
Jack reached up for Cas’ blue striped tie. His little fingers curled around the end of it. Cas lightly unhooked the baby’s fingers. “It played a role. I hadn’t intended on using the card unless I absolutely had to. I….I may have taken it without their knowledge.”
“Really, it’s fine. It suits you.” Claire reached forward and grabbed one of the sweaters. It was burgundy and fluffy soft. She tossed it at him. “Show us a few more looks.”
They walked around for a while before coming close to the right section. The store felt like a labyrinth. Claire turned to peek around the aisles. “Do you see Cas anywhere?”
Her heartbeat quickened. From fear or hope, she wasn't entirely sure. "Could you send me home to my boys?"
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched, but he didn’t say anything. He watched and listened carefully to Dean’s confession.
Dean still remembered his father pulling Sammy free from his arms as their house burned down, and how even still his mouth couldn’t stop whispering to empty air the same promises: I love you. Dad will fix this. We’re safe.
When Cas was done, Jack pouted. Cas turned to see Claire still watching him. Her fruit-cup was mostly untouched. He raised an eyebrow questioningly.
With an awkward smile, Dean finally met Cas’ eye. He pointed at the front door behind him with his thumb. “I just wanted to run a quick errand.”
Her knees tried to buckle, but Mary's knuckles were white from holding onto the table so tightly. She'd only been here for a day, and she did
“Dean?” Sam shouted, dropping to his knees at his brother’s side. He shook Dean’s shoulder with increasing roughness.
Once Sam was out of sight, Dean’s gaze landed on Cas. Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Today, uh, didn’t exactly go as planned, but….I’m glad it happened.”
They crossed over the state line into Washington. Cas’ grip tightened on the steering wheel. What he wanted most was to be going in the opposite direction. To an extent, yes, the Men of Letters Bunker would be safe for Jack, but nowhere was going to offer the protection they needed from Heaven. His body ached to head for Kansas, because after these last several years on Earth, Cas was starting to associate the feeling of home with the Winchesters. And home was something he badly wanted for Jack.
Dean gasped awake with three sets of eyes staring at him from above. The angels withdrew their hands.
Claire sighed. “People used to slap pictures of missing kids on them. My point is…..that Dean is upset.”
Cas sighed exasperatedly, “Maybe you’re right.” He held Dean’s gaze for several heartbeats before letting his head slowly tilt. “What’s important is that Jack has
“You’re quite welcome,” he said, tearing off a piece of paper towel. Cas carefully folded it in half, and then again. “You know,” he started while wetting it under the faucet. “When I was human, I hated eating right after I woke up. Made me nauseous.”
Cas hugged him back just as tight for several moments, and then his body stiffened. He slammed Dean into the wall of the Road House. His forearm pressed across Dean's chest.
Jack enjoyed anything that was brightly colored while Claire rolled her eyes at the pieces with erratic patterns.
It was only a year ago that they stripped Chuck of his God power and claimed their freedom from his control. Since then every day felt like it was radically different from the last: Jack became the new God of Creation, Cas was resurrected and freed from the Empty, Cas became his…..
Sighing, Dean turned his attention away from the night sky. He’d been leaning against baby’s door for a while, watching the clouds roll in. “That’s a bold statement from someone who doesn’t get cold.”
A mischievous grin slid across Claire’s face. “Come on. Sam said they’ll be gone for a while. We could raid their armory.”
Jack reached a tiny hand out towards Claire. She offered her hand, and Jack tightly wrapped his around her fingers. He sniffled.
Gently, Dean laid the body down on a bed in what looked like an infirmary. He brushed some stray hairs presumably back into place and hesitated there, like he wasn’t ready to let go yet.
Startled, Mary flung around on her heels ready for combat, but the room was still empty. Goosebumps broke out across her skin. "Who's there?"
“Fair point,” Claire said grabbing one of her duffle bags and slinging it on her shoulder. “I’ll see you when you’re done. Have fun with junior there.”
“Of course,” Cas answered without a second thought. Yawning into the seat he added, “Since the fires of Hell, I’ll always watch over you.”
Cas rubbed at one of his eyes in mild frustration. He spoke softly. “I’m sorry that our actions worried you. That wasn’t my intention at all.”
Without hesitation, Cas took his hand but he didn’t rise from his chair. He stared at the marvel that was Dean’s skin pressed against his. It was callused in a few places, but still softer than Castiel imagined.
She couldn’t understand him. Mary’s eyebrows pushed together, studying him. He was going to let her kill him. Whether it was a trick or not, she couldn’t risk wasting this opportunity. Mary snatched the blade up, and drove it deep into his chest.
The tiny fist pounding into his collarbone finally snapped Cas out of his thoughts. Tilting his head down, he saw Jack’s big blue eyes intently staring into him. “We’re safe,” Cas whispered. He kissed the top of Jack’s head. “Everything’s fine.”
“I didn’t know you would miss me.” The words came out quiet enough that Dean wasn’t sure if Jack meant to speak them out loud. And then Jack started to let go, but Dean held on tighter.
“Amara,” Dean answered. He pointed his thumb in the woman’s direction. “The bomb’s gone. Chuck and her worked their crap out. Then-” His eyes turned to Mary. “-she decided to leave me a gift and they left.”
What felt like a life time later, he remembered whispering almost the same words into his brother’s hair as he bled out in his arms. I love you. I’ll fix this. I’ll bring you home.
“I have no idea when God disappeared from Heaven, but Michael kept the system going. And Heaven demanded obedience. Anyone that strayed from the path was given two options: they leap or they’re pushed. Either way, they fall.”
The best he could do was wink and hurry back to Jack’s room. The nephilim started jumping up and down immediately. Dean lightly shook his head. “Okay, kid. You need to stop squirming and come here.”
Crossing the room, Claire got a better look at Jack. He was holding a small, red, plastic bowl in his hands. The closer she got the higher he raised the bowl, hiding his face. She stopped at Cas’ side.
At the moment my intention is to post a chapter a week so tune in next week! I'm very fond of the next one. <3
A chunk of tie was still gripped tightly in Jack’s fist, but that didn’t stop him from shoving a part of that same fist into his mouth. He looked up and watched Cas innocently.
“No!” His whole body started trembling. What he wanted was to lay his hands on Dean’s head and wake him up, but there was nothing he could do now. His fingers lightly grazed across the bandage Dean quickly taped on his neck. There wasn’t an ounce of grace left.
“Mmhmm.” Cas had to fight to keep the smile off his face. He couldn’t quite pinpoint why her comment made him want to smile so wide. The last thing he was expecting was Claire suggesting they share it. He found it quite...endearing.
Have an awesome week and I hope to see y'all in the next update! Leave a comment to let me know what you thought or to tell me a fun fact. I love those <3
“He’s a toddler. He doesn’t…..” Dean pushed the bottle aside and ran his hands roughly through his hair. Exhaling, he leaned back in his chair. “Cas, he didn’t even get to be a baby because I shot him not even an hour after he was born.”
Nodding, that information about the nephilim amazed her. He blinked, focusing on her again. “Cl? Cllllll-la?”
Cas shook his head. “Jack deserves sunshine and windows...and a life unmarked by hunting…..well for as long as I can give him.”
“I missed you.” It slipped out with his laughter. Dean meant it, but he didn’t realize he said it until he heard it.
you’re going to be here to see Jack’s 5thbirthday.” He stood up and laid both hands on the kitchen table. “And then his 10th, 16th, 21st, 25th, 30th, 40th, and 50th!”
Coughing, Dean put his beer down and raised his hands, hoping that Cas would calm down. “Do you realize how old I’d be?”
“Oh.” He looked back at Dean, silently asking for help. Dean shrugged, and Cas squeezed Jack’s hand.  “Well, let’s go look for it together then.”
Neither said anything else after that, and so Dean got the car moving again. They stayed like that, driving in silence until Dean found a good place to park the car for the night.
Cas’ gaze lifted, and Claire’s head tilted to the side while she thought. “Even if the angel was the mother?”
Dean turned with a small smile tugging at his lips. “Come here.” He gestured for Cas to lean forward.
“Being able to look at a person and see parts of their soul….yes, that’s more of an angel thing.” Cas closed the drawer and came back over with a light purple and blue polka-dot onesie. Claire took a step back while Cas was busy with Jack.
“Dee-daaaad!” Jack bolted around the corner locking eyes with him immediately. Seconds before they latched onto Dean’s legs, the nephilim froze in place. “Hi, Eileen.” Their small hands signed more confidently than Dean’s did. “I missed you.”
He turned in her direction, and Cas’ eyes widened with surprise for a moment. Momentarily, he forgot that Claire was even in the house. “He will be.”
“Claire, I can’t pick out adequate clothing if you don’t tell me where I made mistakes.” Out of habit from his human days, he pushed the sleeves up to his elbows.
Her arms ached for her baby, but she couldn’t break now. It wasn’t safe yet. Turning to look at Dean, she asked an unexpected question. “Who’s Cas?”
"A small price to pay for a gift this sweet," Amara answered simply. "Losing her tore a hole in Dean that he has never been able to mend. He can now."
, our son, become God,” he growled in between beats, letting his eyes trail up to Dean’s face. “You promised,
?” Her head crooked to the side as she stopped with in reach of him. She felt antsy to be standing this close to the wings.
“To prove that you’re alive.” Claire shrugged. “Maybe he’s hoping that you’d find it difficult to leave home once you’re there.”
She reached forward and lightly patted Dean’s cheek. “My dear, I can swing anything, but it’d be new magic. Old magic, new technique…..something that’s never been done before. It’ll take time.”
“Just keep it cool,” Dean mumbled to himself as he tried to slip through the house unnoticed. His hand was reaching for the dish where his keys live these days when his foot smashed into something hard. “SON OF A FFFFF-” He gasped in air as the pain radiated up his leg and brought tears to his eyes.
“Are you serious?” Claire tilted her head, waiting for the other shoe to drop. “How are we supposed to hunt with the kid?”
A heartbeat later Claire crashed into him, wrapping her arms around Cas in a tight hug. She pressed the side of her face into his chest. “So how much trouble are you in?”
Dean had his head buried so deep in thought about the impala’s winter maintenance that he almost missed the familiar foot steps breezing past in the garage. His eyebrows pressed together as he pulled his head out of the car. “Cas, buddy, where are you going?”
Claire followed behind him with Jack in her arms. He was still deep asleep and his face was squished into her shoulder. His downy hair pressed against her neck. She kept a hand on his back while they went into the living room.
Claire stared at him in disbelief. Her hands squirmed awkwardly in her lap. “So the teaching sessions…?”
Please leave a comment. Let me know your thoughts on the story or leave a fun fact. Have a fantastic day! <3
Cas brought himself back to the entrance of the store. He wasn’t exactly sure where the shopping carts were, but logically this felt like the correct location. This would have been easier if he wasn’t still on edge. His eyes kept darting around, looking for anything suspicious.
Cas turned and stared at her. His eyes squinted as his head tilted like he wasn’t sure if he should answer truthfully. Cas’ grip tightened on Jack as he lightly bounced him.
She crossed her arms and refused to look at Cas. “I figured that if Jody was on Sam and Dean’s goodbye list for the end then I was on yours, right? And then I’d get radio silence.” Claire paused. The pain in her voice didn’t hide well. “It sucks being disappointed all over again…”
Jack nodded and stepped forward. Together they got the nephilim’s arms in the sleeves and the jacket adjusted the best they could. Frowning, Jack flapped one of their arms. The sleeves were way too long.
She needed space. Air. Something. Mary’s legs wobbled under her, but she pushed on ahead keeping a hand on the wall when she disappeared down the hall way. She needed the images cycling through her head to stop.
Cas felt like he was being held together by one frayed thread. The part of him choking on guilt was begging it to snap, but the baby lightly kicking the heels of his feet into Cas’ thighs gave him enough reason to keep moving forward. He had more responsibilities and worth now than being the Winchester’s bulwark. Castiel hoped that one day they would understand that.
“Actually that reminds me-” Cas turned his whole body towards in Claire’s direction. “I wanted to give you those sigils as well for protection.”
He fell forward gripping the side of the cart, and Jack took the opportunity to strike. He tugged hard on the tie. “Das! Daaaas!” Jack continued to pull. The whole incident set Claire into another fit of giggles.
Dean plucked a cookie from the top of the pile, and took a bite. Cas didn’t take his eyes off of him for a moment.
Cas didn’t respond, and Dean didn’t loosen his grip. Instead, he tightened it, but spoke with a note of levity. “And how many times do I gotta tell you that the bunker is your home too?”
It wasn’t until Claire’s bites slowed down that Cas finally spoke. “I’m sorry.” Claire burst into a coughing fit. Her mouth had been full, and that was the last thing she was expecting from the angel.
Startled, Claire was dizzily out of bed and on her feet before her brain had even caught up to what was happening. The piercing cry from elsewhere in the house was making it hard to focus and had her heart racing. Her hip painfully banged into the corner of the drawers as she tried to make it to the door in the dark. She flung it open just to witness Cas bolting into the nursery.
Arching her neck up, Claire tried to get a better glimpse of the baby. He seemed to be sleeping with his face squished into the playpen floor. “I get the idea,” she said quietly. “Archangel power. Prince of Darkness. But…” Claire pointed her thumb in Jack’s direction. “I don’t think he fits the bill.”
Cas ruffled Jack’s sandy brown hair. Jack leaned back and stared up at him making a couple happy noises. He looked back at the phone again. Dean could hate him for the rest of his life and that would be okay, because that meant he was safe enough to live that long. And Castiel could live with that.
“You did the best you could at the time.” Cas didn’t answer, and Dean couldn’t risk taking his eyes off of traffic in that moment. “I mean it, and besides we’re well past that tunnel now. And we’re gonna give Jack a real Christmas.”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice called from the hallway. The sound of his quickening footsteps were only seconds behind. “Are you okay?”
"It was a poorly thought out gift." Billie pointed at Mary. "You can't steal a soul from Heaven and expect the world to continue down the same path. There are consequences."
Hi everyone! The day this is going up is my big 28th birthday!!! I couldn't think of a better way to celebrate than to post the next chapter. (And the last line this week is a BIG favorite of mine). I really hope you all enjoyed this week's update.
Dean could feel the puffs of Cas’ breath caressing his face, sending goosebumps across every inch of his skin. Despite this, he reached forward and finished laying and puffing the scarf up.
“Unfortunately, yes.” Cas deadpanned. He shook his head. “The difference maker is knowledge and I have millennia of information.”
“My phone was off, and I had to wait for all the missed messages to be received. It made a dreadful amount of noise for a long time.”
Claire fiddled and picked at the hangnail on the side of her thumb. Quietly, she asked, “What did you mean by strapped to Naomi’s chair?”
Dean ran a finger down the side of the cauldron. Cas and Jack spent the previous weekend decorating the outside of the bowl with sigils for good luck and peace. He was silently hoping Sam would save him from Cas’ wrath when a knock on the door broke through his thoughts.
He felt like all the air had been knocked from his lungs. He didn’t know how to fix this. The streets would be filled with kids very soon.
Cas nodded, and opened the car door. He got out and then into the back seat. His stare bored into the side of Dean’s head.
The angel’s gaze pierced him like a knife, but that didn’t stop Dean from circling around the impala to stop directly in front of Cas. He held his hands out. “Just let….”
Sam withdrew his hand. “Cas?” his voice was so small and afraid like several decades were suddenly torn away.
She couldn't look away. Dean rocked like he did the day he tore his knee open in the street. He clutched onto the angel for dear life like she did when she held John's lifeless body.
Something broke within Dean that night. Sam wasn’t sure what, but it was clear when Dean didn’t argue. Instead he got quiet. Don’t think too hard about it, Dean. I’ll do it. You don’t have to be there. I can do this for you.
"I know I wasn't a saint, but.... I didn't think the kid would bar me from the pearly gates." His grin spread ear to ear and Cas looked at him confused for a moment before sighing.
Mary saw a woman in the room with her now, standing next to the bed where Cas laid. Worried lines creased her forehead. Slowly, her eyes met Mary's.
“Lucifer!” Claire shot backwards and hit the arm of the couch. She hit the floor with a thud. “His dad’s the DEVIL?”
. I’m aware that he did pretend to be me, but that was short lived. He lost my car. He terrorized Heaven, and Hell. I’m told…..” Cas’ voice grew quieter. “-that Dean, Sam, and some of our tentative...
Billie raised an eyebrow. “And that’s how we got here in the first place. Tearing holes in the natural order of things.”
“Thanks,” Claire mumbled, biting the inside corner of her bottom lip. She rolled the plastic bag in her hands. Inside was the black bomber jacket with the blue stripe down the sleeves and the galaxy shirt Jack picked out. Some tiny part of her just couldn’t leave them behind.
Cas went back to the counter and retrieved his phone. He brought Jack into the living room and they sat in the rocking chair by the window. The moment Jack caught a glimpse of a bird flying by, he was entranced by the window. Cas hung onto him with one hand while he stared at his phone.
With wide eyes, Cas pushed forward searching Dean’s face for any sign of life. “He was…..Sam, he was just-”
?” Furious, Cas pushed Sam’s hands aside and took over compressions. He slammed a single fist into Dean’s chest, rocking the man’s whole body from the impact. Still, Dean didn’t wake.
Nodding, Claire started taking big mouthfuls of soup. They sat there like that in silence while she ate. Cas stared out the window lost in his own thoughts.
“Mm-hmm.” Claire took that as her cue to start poking around the refrigerator again. She settled on a prepackaged fruit cup.
. He was never more grateful than he was in that moment for that scarf obscuring the shape of the next three words his mouth took.
“Enough already.” Dean kicked off his boots and flopped onto the other bed in their double. He knew that he needed a shower to ideally warm himself up, but for now this was nice. “How much snow do you think we’re gonna get?”
And yet, she never planned on giving her boys that lesson. Any of it. She feared to ask that question burning in her gut: when did that change?
Dean only took a few steps into the main room before whipping around on his heels. "Something's wrong," he said pulling his gun out. "Stay put."
The moment Sam saw the fresh bruise it was game over. The first words out of his mouth were: We can’t wait anymore. Despite everything Dean still argued until his voice was hoarse.
“Dean understood the complexities of my mission. I didn’t want to hurt Kelly, but….a child like Jack is…..he could cause a lot of harm.”
“I’d appreciate it if you kept my father and our son out of this,” he growled in Dean’s ear. “Not a single God in creation had anything to do with my love for you.”
Cas went back into the kitchen. He paced the room, again and again. The whole time his eyes were glued on the name in his contact list. Finally, he tapped the name and the line started ringing. Cas held his breath, worried that he was only going to make things worse.
A loud laugh rumbled through Claire. Unsure, Cas watched her baffled. She placed a hand on the cart to steady herself. “He...he...
Cas surveyed their surroundings again and he pulled her in even closer. “You don’t understand what could happen if we’re found. And there’s a lot of people here.”
Dean tried to smile, but his mouth felt wrong. He shrugged. “Felt like you and the kid were having a moment. Besides I really need to get baby ready to go.”
He took a bite, and Cas’ entire face pinched like he was trying to sort and identify every molecule in his mouth.
“I know things aren’t one hundred percent safe with Michael still out there,” Cas started. “But I’m glad that you’ll be home for Christmas. I fear I would’ve ruined Jack’s holiday if you weren’t here.”
, I’m not planning on talking you into or out of anything. I’ve dealt with enough humans to know when one is being needlessly stubborn. There’s something I’d like to give you that could help you.”
There was another pause, but the air between them felt lighter. A small smile tugged at Cas’ lips. “How’s school treating you? I’d love to hear about the classes you’ve been taking.”
Cas shook his head and stepped forward, trying to exude a menacing aura. Claire stared back at him unfazed.
Cas went over to the dresser and opened one of the lower drawers. “I should have something suitable from last time I went out.” He glanced at Claire over his shoulder. “Depending on how much he grows this time we will have to go to couple stores in the morning. I’ll need to get a few things in bigger sizes too for later.”
He stood there waiting for several minutes after that, but there was nothing else to the prayer. That was it. Cas picked up the dish towel on the counter and dried his hands, looking over his shoulder at Jack in his high chair.
“Nope. No Cas anywhere.” Claire stopped and leaned against a shelf. “He’ll be here soon. He always comes back.”
Defensive, Claire crossed her arms. “The sword is basically a hunting equivalent to a Swiss army knife.”
Cas hurried outside. He found Claire sitting on the hood of her car. She crossed her arms, and Cas couldn’t read her expression.
He was almost dizzy, but somehow he didn’t mind so much. A tiny part of him hoped that Cas actually could taste it.
“And….I do actually quite like this house. It’s peaceful here. Unlike their bunker...which is filled with rooms of unknown and dangerous items.”
Cas resumed compressions. Again, and again. He blinked the beading tears away, but they quickly filled his eyes. His hands, the bunker, Dean….they all blurred away as he kept beating to the rhythm of his nightmare.
“Oh, um…” His gaze fell to his lap, guilty. “I agreed for him to possess me so...uh, I was right in here..as well. Only, he was in control and I had no way to overpower him.”
Chuckling, Claire pulled the comforter off and saw that the sheets were only somewhat tucked in. One of the corners still needed to be done. She figured it was a miracle Cas even knew the rough order of fitted sheet, top sheet, and blanket.
“The local market is much smaller than this.” Cas turned his head to glance around. They were aimlessly walking straight into the middle of the store. He seemed almost overwhelmed himself, and he held Jack closer.
Rowena’s eyes lit up, and she gave Dean another pat. “I like you so much more when you and your brother aren’t trying to shackle me, or kill me.”
Claire stared at him dumbfounded for several moments, and Jack wiggled against the cleaning. Focused, Cas continued with his task like he was talking mundane subjects.
Sam had to push Dean out of the way to secure the lid. And just in time too. The box almost immediately started shaking and rattling. Dean wasn’t sure if it was a blessing or a curse that the wardings blocked out any screams from inside the box.
“I don’t know if he’s connected,” Cas said simply. “And I don’t want to reach out to him that way until he’s older….and understands.”
“The rest of Sam’s prayer was an update on what they’re doing. Apparently him and Dean are going to be out of the bunker for a little while.”
“Uh, yeah.” Claire went over and stood in front of Jack while Cas went digging for clean clothes. Jack was wrapped up in a bright, lime green towel with a hood that made him resemble a frog. Jack stared up at her with big, round eyes.
Cas shook his head. “Angels aren’t born. My siblings and I….we were all made during the beginning of creation. Our purpose is….was to serve Heaven. Follow orders…..” His voice trailed off as he focused his attention on Jack. Cas’ thumb brushed gently, back and forth, on the side of Jack’s arm. “The whole incident when we really met…..the angels tore me from your father’s body, because I was seeing through the cracks in Heaven’s walls, and I was reprimanded for it.”
“I know…...and it got worse.” Cas rolled his eyes. “The witch we had helping us with the spell-work, Rowena, she stole a very powerful book when the spell was complete and she….
The tension eased in Cas’ shoulders. He released Dean’s hands with a widening smile. “Let’s go. I’m not sure what would be suitable for a Christmas tree. Any ideas?”
The rest of the day felt almost too good to be true. They all climbed into the impala -Dean drove much to Sam’s dismay- and they went out to their favorite diner closest to the bunker.
Jack peeked an eye open and it glowed an unnaturally bright gold. Claire banged into the doorway flinching. New tears bubbled in his eyes.
Cas’ warm smile quickly wobbled and wavered before some other emotion won in his eyes. Dean almost chased it, but then it too was replaced with something else: a more teasing glint. A hint of Cas’ teeth caught his eye now. “I’ll try my best, but I’d imagined I would be kicking your wheel chair to every event.”
That surprised her. Claire let go of the end of her shirt that she was twisting in her fingers. “Are...you okay with that? Are you gonna talk to him?”
“I’m sorry.” And he meant it. Cas was reminded just how young Claire was underneath her hardened persona. “A lot has happened and….I couldn’t risk endangering you.”
The box continued to thrash every day. For most of the day. And Dean barely left that room. He only left for more research material, coffee, and beer. He refused to let Sam keep him out.
Since mid-morning, Dean set Cas up in his room for a movie day. They both sat with their backs to the headboard, but Dean made sure Cas’ back and head was supported with pillows (he totally didn’t steal from around the bunker). Cas tilted his head up to look at Dean.
Dean dug his hands into Cas’ jacket pockets until he found a small rectangular device. He stared at it forlornly. “No. No No….” His voice fell to a pained whisper as his eyes darted back to the body.
Dean glared at the clock. He was running out of time, but he still had an ace up his sleeve: Sammy. Luckily, his brother picked up on the fourth ring.
Claire glanced at them out of the corner of her eye. For privacy Cas leaned in close to speak and Claire did too. “Every time he says Da, Jack keeps hitting me with his wings.”
There was another pause, and Cas felt cold. He knew they were fine. They sent messages after this voice mail was made. He felt like he was the one suffocating.
“I would’ve,” Dean said, in a matter of fact. Pulling back, his eyes trailed over every inch of Cas’ face. He brought a hand up to cup the angel’s cheek, and then Dean leaned forward to press a kiss to Cas’ forehead. “Where ever my soul would’ve ended up, nothing was gonna change. I’d still love you.”
I have faith in you. Cas’ eyes darted up to the lid that needed to come down. He felt like he was about to combust. His eyes went back to Dean. Their stares locked together as the lid came down.
Jack ran back over to Cas and wrapped themself around one of the angel’s legs. They looked up at him with a big smile, but Cas still had his stare locked on Dean.
He slipped out of the room and made his way towards the living room. In there he saw Jack on the couch with Eileen. They were signing away absorbed in their own world. Dean glanced in the other direction and spotted Cas in the kitchen. The sight alone sent an icy shiver down his spine.
“Okay,” Claire said, taking a step back. “But you said it yourself. No one’s shown up since Jack was born. And you’ve warded us. There’s nothing else you can do.”
Cas’ lips crashed into his for several heartbeats before the angel pulled back. Lightly, he pinched Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth.
He nodded. “Initially, I thought distance would be better. I didn’t think you’d want me around….” Cas glanced down at himself and sighed. “or to have to look at me.”
“Oh right,” Dean mumbled, remembering the whole point of this conversation. “Angels are eternal.” He laughed. “People will eventually think you’re my grandson.”
“There better be a bloody good reason-” The woman growled until she finally turned to see Dean at the table. “How are you alive?” She rushed forward and placed a hand on his chest. “Where’s the bomb? I did
Cas sighed, dropping his hands back to his sides. His head tilted as he stared expressionless. “Come with me.”
“Crowley,” he barked. “I’m the King of Hell, and that’s my rotten, bitch of a mother.” His eyes flashed red. “It’s lovely to finally make your acquaintance. Dean and I go way back. We-”
He felt like he was failing his mission. Castiel needed to get back to Claire and Jack immediately. He needed to keep them safe. Frowning, his frayed wings itched to unravel into waves of light again, but after everything….they’re incapable of ever reaching the correct pitch. If they could, he wouldn’t have to worry. He would be able to see the kids from here.
“What! It’s true.” He picked up his beer again. His eyes locked on the lip of the bottle. “I’m glad you’ll have each other. I don’t want you to spend the rest of existence alone.”
His shoulders relaxed as he leaned back more comfortably in his seat. “He lives at the bunker with me and Sammy. That’s where we’re going. It’s home.”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded with a grin. “I’ve been bugging Sam for a couple years now about retiring…..especially if Jack could make things better…like the future that you saw.”
They were gone in a second. Taking a deep breath, Dean took his moment alone to pull his phone out again. There weren’t any messages from Sam. He pressed the call button.
The corner of Cas’ mouth pulled until the faint glimpse of white could be seen. Blinding, like all the snow and ice surrounding them. “This isn’t mine. I bought it for you.”
Trying to push that thought aside, Claire started poking through the bags until she found the one with school supplies. They somehow managed to fill an entire bag with pens, notebooks, post-it notes, and high-lighters. Now she had to find a place for it.
“Fix him.” Cas didn’t look up. He kept pounding on Dean’s chest. His compressions had only lessened a fraction in strength.
Jack quickly realized that he enjoyed the sound of Claire’s laughter, and he did everything in his power to keep her going. By the time lunch was over Cas was mentally exhausted. Nearly everything within a two foot radius of Jack’s highchair was splattered with his lunch.
“Oooo someone’s defensive. Spill barbie. What’s with the secret dream house life? I thought you were on a hunt.”
“Good,” Claire snapped. Cas’ looked at her quizzically. “What? I’d kick their asses if they didn’t fix your boneheaded dumbassery.”
“Oh, believe me-” Cas turned to face her. The baby hand print was perfect on the side of his face. “He does.”
She heard the woman clear as a bell, and even recalling it now made her skin prickle all over again. Claire pushed the thought aside in favor of the other one weighing on her mind.
Already, only Dean’s eyes and the top of his head was uncovered. He could smell the familiar scent of Cas’ favorite coffee order as he breathed in.
“Yay.” Jack happily glanced down at their outfit. Their attention then snapped up and spun around the room.
Mary sighed, trying to understand the angel her son carefully laid in this room. She couldn’t imagine how they found each other, and how her son came to care about him so completely. Hopefully, he could forgive her one day. Both of them. “Tell Dean, that if him or his brother decide to play god and mess with the fabric of things again…..the price will be to kill the person they love most. The price will be blood.”
The hunter’s grip tightened on the steering wheel. “I’m gonna need you to elaborate, buddy. What look?” Dean pulled the car off to the side of the road, and waited.
And so Dean spent hours digging. They had to be sure no one would dig Cas up. They had to be sure there was enough dirt to add weight down on the lid. He refused to let Sam help until the box had to be lowered.
He turned his gaze back to Jack. “So...you’re saying that his vocabulary is advanced?” Claire failed at stifling her next laugh. Cas raised an eyebrow.
It wasn’t until Cas walked over to him and put hand on his shoulder that the argument ended. He didn’t say anything, but for the first time in a long time Dean thought he really looked like his Cas.
I do have another project for work to put first this week so An Angel's Vow updating next week doesn't seem likely. I'll try. Keep an eye out on my tumblr. I'll make updates there. Check under the tag: An Angel's Vow
Jack removed his fist from his mouth, wiping a trail of drool down his chin. He started babbling loudly.   Cas stood up, realizing what Jack wanted.
Claire rolled her eyes, and pushed the front door open. “Yeah, yeah. I get it now.” Cas followed her into the house. She went to the staircase and paused on the bottom step again. Her eyes found his. “I’ll consider it when you start doing the same.” She went upstairs, leaving Cas confused in the living room.
Dean surged forward, dropping to the ground next to the body. Carefully, he pulled the blade out and tossed it aside.
Lost in thought only a single word Cas said penetrated into his skull. “Leave?” The word slipped quietly from Dean’s lips, but there was no missing it. His chest started to ache as his pulse picked up to a mile a minute.
“I….I eventually broke through the rabid behavior, but I was still at the mercy of Rowena removing the spell completely. And she was persuaded to do so, but it did have lasting affects…” Cas wouldn’t meet Claire’s eye. He was carefully choosing his words. “The spell might have killed me in the long term, but it did dig deep into my being and shredded everything it touched. I’m grateful Sam and Dean were there for me during that time. The recovery was...longer than I would have liked.”
Finally, Cas turned his attention back to Jack. He raised an eyebrow. “Now that wasn’t an answer. No more moving things with your mind until we get home. I need your word.”
“-me help.” Dean started wrapping the scarf properly so Cas could duck the lower half of his face out of the chilly, winter air whenever he wanted.
“Come on.” He nodded his head towards the kitchen. “We have plenty of time to continue serious conversations later. I think you and Jack could go for some lunch.”
Cas nodded, and went back to making two piles. The next bag he picked up made him pause. “Oh, this one’s yours.” He passed it over.
Tossing it aside on the counter, Mary turned the water back on. She leaned forward, ducking her head into the sink and taking a long drink. Once she felt more alert, she realized that Dean, like it or not, he was going to need some water.
"He can't," Mary whispered. Her whole body was shaking. It took all her focus to keep hearing Billie and Amara's voices.
“Good.” Cas looked around again. They were still alone. “Let’s bring your stuff inside. I want to see what kind of arsenal you’re working with.”
Dean hummed in response, and spotted what he was looking for: the sign for the mall. “Don’t tell Sammy, but-” He glanced at Cas’ curious expression. “since we found the bunker, I’ve always wanted to make it look like Christmas threw up all over the place.”
Cas sat back in the chair. “Technically, yes. The reason why it isn’t perfect is how angels communicate.” He touched the side of his forehead for a moment. “Dean calls it
When she circled back to the living room, Cas was already there and sorting the clothes. He glanced at her over his shoulder with furrowed eyebrows. “Did you take the notebooks? They’re not here.”
A deep sigh tore through Cas and left his shoulders drooping. He slowly watched his fingers, painfully uncurl. “I don’t understand why you’re not leaving me here so you can get back to Sam. Go….
“Silver…...a lot like starlight, actually.” He looked over his shoulder at Claire for a moment. Her soul was shining even brighter now. “Souls in general when separated from their body, are the brightest blue-white light you can imagine. They’re unimaginable sources of power.”
“You really should pack for these kinds of situations. At the very least you should keep some hats, gloves, and scarves in the trunk.”
Dean’s phone clocked Crowley right in the temple. The phone clattered into the floor and Crowley looked mildly annoyed, rubbing the side of his head. “I get that your Moose is missing, but what the hell was that?”
It didn’t matter how fast he pushed down his emotions, Claire still caught the wave of fear in his eyes. Her smile faltered. “Is….being out of the house too much for you?”
“Claire-” She let out a small exhale, turning her attention in the direction of the voice. Cas was almost there, and she knew him well enough to recognize the worry in his face. “Are you both okay?”
“When a soul is with their body...it’s like they’re co-existing in harmony. They’re complimentary….and they take on more personality if you pay attention. Yours makes me think of the night sky. The stars can seem so far away and cold, but other times warm and brilliantly bright.”
“Claire Novak, I don’t want to risk burning this house down. I happen to like this place very much.”
Claire nodded, and they both went into the kitchen. Cas put Jack in his highchair and fiddled with getting the bib on. For a moment he glanced at her.
Once the kitchen was clean, Claire put her other duffle bag on the table. She unzipped it. “It’s not much, but it works.”
A few days later, Cas heard the rumble of a car approaching his secluded cabin. Holding Jack close in his arms, he peeked out the front window. “Okay honeybee, I need you to be on your best behavior.”
It was several weeks later when Cas was having a miserable day. The mark made him horribly irritable. Cas struck him so hard that Dean out of instinct stuck Cas back. And the smile that contorted Cas’ face was monstrous. He struck Dean harder this time. He hit the floor and coughed up several mouthfuls of blood from the force of it. Still, Dean reached a hand out. His fingers clutched the bottom of Cas’ pant leg. Cas. Tone down the strength. And Cas kicked him so hard that his ears were ringing. But Dean again reached for him.
Yawning, Claire stretched her arms over her head and leaned to stretch a bit of her back too. “I didn’t hear anything until I was almost at the kitchen.”
Mildly irritated, Cas shook his head. “He’s yet to actually pray to me so I can’t imagine he wants to speak to me
“That explains the pain.” With her free hand, Claire lightly ruffled a bit of Jack’s hair. “Keep fighting little guy.”
“It took a lot of effort to free him from the mark, and….he was resistant. Turns out he had good reason instinctually. Removing the mark also removed the bindings keeping the Darkness out of creation.”
“Ohhhhh. Okay.” She glanced at the baby still caught up with all the sights and sounds of the busy supermarket. His little fist was against Cas’ chest. “Yeah we wouldn’t want a flight risk situation.”
“You’re….breaking his rib cage,” Sam’s voice broke. His eyes were wide with horror as he watched his brother’s chest concave more than he thought possible. “Cas?” Sam’s voice shook. He rested a shaky hand on the angel’s shoulder.
“You don’t, get to die,” Cas mumbled, ignoring Sam’s presence. His hands paused for a moment as he took a deep breath. The sound of his own heart racing was like a loud boom, pounding on his eardrums. “Jack Kline,
Jack giggled and rested his head against her shoulder. A moment later he tensed. Claire protectively put a hand on his back, and spun on her heels.
“No. Just grace.” Cas stepped closer. He held Jack out to her. “Would you like to hold him? I doubt he’ll nap in his crib knowing that you’re here.”
“Oh, there you are,” Cas said walking around and past Claire. His clothes were strangely dry, but there were droplets of water dotting his hair. He brought Jack over to the changing table and sat him there. “Can you-” He turned to look at Claire. “Make sure he doesn’t fall?”
Slowly, she followed Dean inside. He nearly bounced down the steps, he was eager to get to where ever he was heading.
“They will at some point….I just wish I knew what’s taking them so long. I feel like I’m missing something.”
Exhaling, Cas deflated in his seat for a moment. He knew what caused the electrical issue and it wasn’t Jack. Cas took another deep breath and composed himself. He swiftly got out of the car, taking the trash from dinner with him. Before Claire could open the house door, he paused, “Claire?”
An icy feeling crept up her spine. The glazed look in his eyes never left her. As much as they disagreed and marched in different directions, her hand always ached for his. It throbbed now like it was seeking a lifeline that it was never going to find again. Especially now with angel blood crusting under her nails.
“Oh,” Cas said, finally putting Jack in the cart. Happy, Jack sat in the middle and ran his fingers along the cold, metal cart. Cas shook his head. “Why is it every so many generations swears change? It’s too much to keep track of and care about. And….none of my parenting books covered any of this….”
It hit, burying deep into his abdomen and knocking him staggering backwards. The creature ripped it out, blood running down his hand like ribbons tying around his fingers. His hand shook, sending the blade clattering to the floor.
It came to life and buzzed erratically for a couple minutes. Cas wasn’t sure what to do other than wait for it to stop. Even Jack was eyeing the phone oddly. Eventually, the buzzing ceased and Cas discovered that he had: over a dozen missed calls, tons of text messages, and a couple voice mails.
. Disappear into the crowd. Get as far away from me, Jack, and here as possible. You don’t want to be tied to this, Claire.”
The angel snapped his hands to his chest in order to hold the scarf tightly. “It’s new,” he said defensively.
Cas wants to see Claire one last time. Him and Dean argue about it. After that Dean is sure as hell that he doesn’t want any of the kids near him. Dean tells himself he can tell Claire about all of this later when Cas is better. There’s no need to upset her. He knows that like him….she won’t be able to stop until Cas is fine.
Mary nodded, feeling chilled. The thought of seeing what became of her baby was horrifying. He wasn’t even a toddler yet, and now…..
Castiel was in no mood to be chastised for doing exactly what Dean would do if the situation was reversed. The man’s double standards were maddening.
Going from the dark bedroom to the brightly lit hallway hurt. She squinted and tried to shield her eyes with one of her hands while she followed into Jack’s room, stopping in the doorway.
Putting his feet to the floor, Dean felt twitchy. Not that he expected Cas to stick around, but…..he felt the angel’s absence like a hollow in his chest. He opened his bedroom door and a whiff of smoke tickled his nose.
And then, there was a muffled ringing noise coming from Claire’s pocket. Sighing, she struggled to dig it out with her free hand. Of course, it flew out of her hand. “Fuck!” She missed catching it.
“Deeeeeeeee-daaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!” The four year old yelled from their bedroom. “Are you coming back for me?”
He didn’t intend on being an ass, but Dean could feel another stupid grin coming on. When was the last time his face hurt from laughing so much?
Her hand shook carrying the glass while she retraced her steps. Mary wasn’t sure what she would find when she made it back. Holding her breath, she found Dean in the same spot. His eyes were squeezed shut, but his mouth was moving silently.
"There's been a lot to do since Jack took over. He needed me." Cas' gaze hardened. "I didn't expect you to die for decades, but clearly I was wrong."
“There’s nothing wrong with it,” Dean grinned. “Did you go out of your way to buy something the same exact shade as your favorite tie?”
“Of course. I can feel him each and every day. Sam’s wrong. He’s angry.” Cas’ grip on the steering wheel tightened. “And I’m not calling him…”
Wordlessly, Claire scrambled up to her feet and sat as far away as possible on the couch. She crossed her arms, leaning back in the cushions, and tried to only look at Cas. “So what happened to his mom?”
Her mouth curled into a grin at the sound of Cas’ deep sigh. She peeked into the kitchen and saw Cas standing next to the high chair with his arms crossed. Jack’s eyes widened the moment he spotted her.
Dean pressed his back into the door and slid down until he hit the sweet spot to rest his head. “You’ll be here when I wake up, right?” He asked the empty silence.
I intended this chapter to carry on through the rest of this episode at the store, but due to time with my work project I cut it off here. I was already making a page break to jump a bit, but now that'll be the opening for 9. (I only have like two sentences at the moment). I'm going to try my hardest to update next week. I really want to stick to this weekly schedule, but we'll all find out together. It depends how work goes (and my headaches).
He put himself between them and the stranger. Castiel stood there with an aura as if he was as tall as a skyscraper. Jack perked up immediately. “Da!”
Behind her, Mary heard a baby’s cry. Turning around, she was in her kitchen. The afternoon sun warmed her hair and her son stared at her from his highchair. Her mouth curled into a smile. “Sammy, there you are.”
Cas furrowed his eyebrows and nodded towards the car parked next to hers. He had no idea what model it was nor did he particularly care to know. It just happened to be there when he needed to ditch and switch cars. And it was green. He liked that.
Glancing over at Claire again, he saw that she was dozing off on her feet. Cas crossed the room and put a light hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay. You can go back to bed.” She jumped awake.
The only fight he gave back was the hard push he gave her, sending her flying across the room. Mary couldn’t see him from where she landed because of the table, but the room filled with that blue-white light. It was blinding, and the air felt like it was being completely sucked out of the room.
“Have you ever tried to figure out how to change a newborn’s diaper with no help, on the run, and in a stolen car?”
And before Dean knew it, he was being dragged back to Jack’s room. He sat down on the side of the nephilim’s bed again. “So what’s the plan?”
Embarrassed, Dean turned away and rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah…..I mean, you’ve always been amazing since day one, but….you amaze me.”
A big yawn shook her body while she turned to lay on her side, facing away from the windows. Her eyes slowly closed, but then her heartbeat jumped to a racing pace. Claire didn’t recognize the room at all.
“-he used to wear his tie….one just like this-” Dean lightly tugged on the end of it. “-backwards. Wanna wear yours just like that?”
She didn’t know enough about this place to form a strategic plan. How many exits, if any, were down that hallway? Was Dean on his way back? Could he hear her if she ran or screamed?
Dean took it without question. It was then that he noticed Cas’ tie looped around Jack’s neck. Turns out the
In the metaphysical plane the nephilim’s wings momentarily stretched to their full length before snapping back to their usual resting position. “Yeaa,” Jack answered in a quiet tone.
He started compressions, pressing harder than Sam dared. Dean’s limbs convulsed. “You failed, to mention, that you
Claire stared at him for several silent moments while his words processed, and then the gears turned. She glanced towards the living room.
His head seemed to tilt slightly in the other direction now. It eerily reminded her of Cas. “Lee-air.” His eyebrows seemed to furrow like he knew that he made a mistake.
Standing up straighter, Cas tossed the sweater aside on the couch. His stare never broke from Claire’s. “For all intents and purposes the room is yours. I already told you that I don’t need a bedroom.”
“I’m sorry,” Amara said, and she sounded like she meant it. “Would it be alright if I visited your Heaven one day? I’d like to understand, and...I’d like to meet
“The lights flickered. Like some kind of power surge.” She opened the car door. “Come on, let’s see what Jack did this time.”
“It’s crazy how fast he’s learning,” Claire said just before she took another bite. She mumbled while she chewed. “You weren’t kidding.”
“I’m an expert at messing up….heh, well, everything in my life, but yeah, of course Jack. Of course, I missed you.”
But they forgot one crucial detail when Cas took on this curse. When Dean had the mark it took Cas’ angelic strength to wrangle Dean’s enhanced strength.
A small part of Dean wondered why Cas didn’t just walk away all together. There was no way either him or Sam could out muscle him. He could just leave, but Dean was grateful for every moment he remained right here. Always within eyesight. Maybe what was left of his Cas didn’t want to waste a single moment too.
She lifted her head and stared at him oddly. “Last I checked Heaven doesn’t have cell service. How am I supposed to tell him anything?”
“Yes.” Cas held Jack close again and went past Claire. She followed close behind as they made their way downstairs. “Another time then,” Cas said placing Jack in his play pen.
The next couple of hours melted away in a storm of poking through every bit of clothing in the baby and toddler sections. There were some textures that Jack didn’t like, but that barely limited them. Jack seemed to enjoy nearly every color and pattern they came across. It wasn’t long before they had the cart filled around the nephilim.
Cas motioned with his index finger for Dean to come closer. He smiled softly, and then bent down to pull a plastic storage container out from under the bed.
He blinked and looked intently at the people walking past them. They all had one. “You might have a point.”
Her mind circled back to the strange mother son duo. And why were her boys involved with demons, and witches, and......angels?
Claire’s gaze fell to her lap. She felt a myriad of emotions bouncing around her head. It made her chest feel tight. “So….this
Dean shot up to his feet. “Okay.” The last thing he wanted was for Jack to cry. “Where is it?” He glanced around the room. “Your dress up trunk?”
Cas’ whole body tensed. He felt….well, he had no idea how to describe the car crash of emotions assaulting him.
“Listen, I’m so proud of you. You’re adapting. You’re…..considering what you’ve gone through, you’re amazing.”
Squeezing his hands into fists, Cas glanced around the room. Besides the three of them and the bowl the brothers must have used for the spell, the room was bare. “Where’s Jack?”
Surprised, Dean leaned back in the booth. “That’s not my call.” He wrapped an arm around Cas’ shoulders. “Any ideas?”
And suddenly, there were two new people in the room. Mary stared at them in shock while the woman smacked the man’s arm with her bag.
Dean snorted at that. “That’s not much of a surprise, kid.” His eyes met his brother’s. “Sammy’s been telling me for years the bacon was gonna get me.”
She looked at the phone in her hand. It was Alex. The call answered during the scramble. “Shit.” Jack peeked a curious eye at her. Claire put the phone up to her ear. “What do you want? I’m busy.”
She took both, and got herself situated with the plate in her lap and the soup container in her hands. But  Claire stopped herself before digging in. She eyed the grilled cheese cautiously. Only one corner looked like it was auditioning to be a piece of charcoal. “Did...you cook? Like actually made this from scratch?”
She had a feeling this house had potential to be a home. Replaying the sound of Jack’s laughter in her mind, Claire was happy that Cas found this place.
“Oh, come on. There’s nothing wrong with having a few looks. Besides, Jack is going to strangle you at this rate.”
“No, but thank you.” Cas offered her a small smile. “I’ll take him downstairs so you can sleep. He’ll be all better in a few hours.”
It was too much. Grief battered into him in an unforgiving wave. Cas put the phone down and plucked Jack from his chair. He held the baby close to his chest. “We’re okay,” he whispered. “We’re okay. We’re okay. We’re okay.”
The soft smile on Cas’ face grew. “I know. I know. We’re supposed to be off the grid hiding.” Cas dug his cell phone out of his coat’s inside pocket. He looked at the black screen before looking back at the baby. “It’ll only be for a minute. And after all this time there’s no way anyone is watching close enough to find us, right?”
It was only a minute or two later when she descended down the stairs with her laptop charger clunking into each step. “Is there anything in particular that-”
“I didn’t at first,” he admitted. “You died, and I figured that it was all one huge manipulation. Gabriel’s illusions. Lucifer’s lies.” Cas nodded, and Dean continued. “But then, you came home and….it became
“Okay. Good,” he said, losing the gravity in his voice. “Do you want to ride in the cart or do you want to be held?”
Today though was different. Cas was busy at the kitchen sink washing dishes when he heard a whisper.
Afterwards, Jack looked up from his dessert with chocolate syrup smeared at the corner of his mouth. His eyes narrowed as he studied Dean closely. “Now that Castiel is free, what are you planning on doing now?”
“No, I’m afraid not.” He answered in an even tone. “Like I said before, angels aren’t supposed to…..Jack here, is considered an abomination by their standards. A child of his power has never lived this long. There’s no telling what he’s capable of.”
And they were. And so was Sam….and Dean. But not Kelly. It was inevitable. They all knew that, but still….Cas hoped that there would still be something he could try.
Several clothing racks over something caught her eye. Out of habit, she took a step forward before remembering Jack. He watched her curiously.
"I'm not a mender." The words rolled off her tongue. "I was raised to hunt, and kill, and hide...." Her gaze fell to her hands. She could still feel the blood under her nails, weighing her down. "I tried to be different. To be normal, but I can't stop destroying, and losing, and failing everyone I love."
“O-kay,” Cas answered back slowly. His head tilted a fraction with a quirked eyebrow, but he didn’t  get to press the subject when Jack came barreling down the hallway.
Dean’s whole body stiffened. Somehow he’d forgotten his presence. Slowly, he turned to peek over at Jack.
The corner of Dean’s mouth hooked into a crooked grin. “That kinda defeats the purpose, Cas. I gotta keep an eye on ya to make sure that you’re not getting sicker.”
Unless a small child, animal, or car was being addressed…..there was nothing affectionate about the word,
“No,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck. He went back over to his bed and sat down. “I mean, maybe. Don’t know if it’s the right kind of snow.”
“Oh.” Cas sat up straighter and glanced around the room. “I can draw them out for you, but…” He frowned. “We’re going to need to buy some pens and paper.”
It wasn’t long after that, that Claire was holding the front door open while Cas was carrying her two large duffle bags into the house.
With a low whine, Jack got their arm caught in the sleeve. They struggled, but their arm didn’t budge.
Surprised, Dean trailed behind him through the house and into their room. He blinked as Cas closed the door behind them and then paused next to their bed.
The volume of his voice lessened enough that Cas stepped forward and cautiously sat on the bed’s side. “Do you still remember much of it?”
After that she went into the nursery. There was no mistaking the care that went into the room. Her eye immediately went to the painted apple tree with the rainbow above it.
Claire’s whole body drooped. “Studying what? I can’t imagine where you have lore books stashed here. This house is pretty bare bones.”
He groaned. It was bad enough that he had to keep track of the phone at all times, but what he really hated were the angry, red notification icons. So Cas did what he had to and cleared them out. All the missed calls were from Dean and they were consistent. He never went more than four days without calling. Cas opened the text messages next. The majority were again, from Dean.
“Dean is aware that I have an important mission.” Cas’ jaw clenched. “And besides, he is more than capable enough to reach me if he truly wants to speak to me. I doubt he’s forgotten how to pray since I last saw him.”
Cas stood next to the crib. He gently swayed back and forth on his feet while he held Jack tightly to his chest. Jack’s little fists held onto the material of Cas’ coat for dear life. “Shhh. Shhh. You’re okay. You’re okay, Jack. Shhh.”
And just like that, Jack was beaming. He went back over to his side of the room and busied himself with his phone.
“It’s...uh, a little more complicated than that.” Claire rubbed at her arm, feeling uncomfortable under Cas’ scrutinizing gaze. “But babies….generally that’s a no..no.”
Cas stood back and watched where the shopping carts were being brought. He planned on waiting for the store employee to go before he selected one. A large part of his mind kept circling around Jack. His birth should have emitted a pulse large enough to draw untold numbers of eyes, and it likely did. They escaped, yes, but there’s a good chance Jack emits pulses of power at random. Likely, when he grows….like last night. Probably once he figures out more things he’s capable of doing too. Cas felt like a heavy stone had been dropped into his stomach.
“What?” Claire bumped her head into Cas’ shoulder. One of her hands latched onto the side of his sleeve. “He has wings? Can he fl-”
One of Cas’ hands continuously rubbed circles into Jack’s back. “Shhh. I’m right here.” The volume of Jack’s cries slowly lessened to sniffles.
Since the first time….when Cas was cut off from Heaven and falling, Dean had wondered what it’d be like to share with him. Humanity. A human life.
Silently, they walked back the way they came and Mary didn’t fail to notice the way Dean refused to look in the direction of the wings. He pulled out a chair and sat.
“Dean?” Mary stepped forward to see his jaw hanging open. Dean’s bottom lip trembled, and tears started running down his cheeks. She suddenly felt painfully cold.
Cas crossed his arms as his gaze traveled from the keys back to Dean’s sheepish grin. “Were you going somewhere?”
It was a black t-shirt with swirls of blues and purples. Galaxies. Jack’s eyes grew wider staring at it.
Dean was still laughing even when Cas removed his hand. The angel stood up and backed away from the bed. “Come on.” He held a hand out. “We still have the rest of Halloween.”
Dean could hear the way Sam’s eyebrows had to be pinching together. “You’ve been telling me for weeks how overboard Cas has gone with the Halloween stuff. How did he forget the candy?”
“No, it didn’t.” Contemplative, Cas looked down at the baby in his lap. Jack leaned back into him and started tugging at Cas’ dark blue tie. “We tried, but…like I said, the cracks in Heaven’s walls….and they ran deep. Those at the very top. The ones giving orders, they
I hope you're all having a really nice day! The next one I'm aiming to post the next one on May 27th. (That's my birthday). I'll hopefully see you all soon in chapter 9, and we should be finishing up this shopping trip and hearing about Sam's prayer. <3
There was a quiet pause where Claire was still processing every bit of information Cas shared. She didn’t miss that he seemed to be growing uncomfortable. He was twitching and pulling at his coat sleeves. And then, it dawned on her. “You asshats freed the devil, didn’t you?”
It didn’t make a bit of sense to him that no one had come for Jack yet. He turned before realizing it was the clanging of metal coming his way that caught his attention. A whole line of carriages were being pushed near by. A relieved sigh escaped him. At least that was one less thing to waste time thinking about.
Amara's eyebrows pinched together. "I'm still learning to understand humans. I need more to follow."
The image of her Dean with chocolate smeared cheeks blended into the stranger who tapped his fingers on the steering wheel hours ago while he quietly sang along to the radio under his breath. Stepping backwards, the heel of her boot alarmingly slid an inch. She didn't need to look down to know it was blood. Her lungs refused to take another breath. She could practically see Sammy swaddled in his baby blanket and his chubby, pink cheeks. The tightness in her chest felt like it was moments away from popping like a balloon.
"I think I'm starting to understand," Amara said like she was only partially considering it. She crossed over to the bed. Her head tilted, and she frowned. "What happened to the angel? Dean's attachment to him was immeasurable. Terrifyingly powerful." Her lip twitched.
He pulled it out with one hand and slapped the trunk closed with the other. When Dean pivoted he was eye to eye with Cas.
Cas looked over his shoulder, and studied Claire. Obviously, she was grown by human standards, but he could still clearly see the small child he devastated…..is continuing to jeopardize. His chest started feeling unnaturally tight. For a moment he thought that he could still see the baby from the shreds of Jimmy’s memory that remains with him. “I’m willing to share my knowledge of the supernatural with you. Afterwards if you’re still willing to be a hunter at least you’ll be better informed about what you’re signing up for.”
There was a quiet pause while Mary took several deep breaths. The thump of her heart made her chest ache. She sniffled. "I know....I know across this bunker is.......he's a stranger. He's been through hell and back and I badly just want to run the other way when I see him. I want
That cut through Dean’s anger. The tension in his shoulders deflated with his exhale. “Of course! Give me another minute.” He moved past Cas and went into the living room.
. I can turn it off when I want to, but in general angels can contact and find each other through our minds.”
“To be honest,” Cas started. “I wasn’t sure if you….would have wanted to see me again. Considering-”
Her eyes snapped back up at him, wide with curiosity. “That was so cool! I can’t feel a difference.” She sat back down again. “What does the warding look like?”
The high pitched voice took her by surprise. Right, the little weed was growing last night. She knew that.
“No! You’re gonna listen a minute. Seriously, I just had to hear after the fact that some major shit went down with the British whatever.
He rolled his eyes, and focused on the road again. In a quiet voice, Cas continued. “Sam prayed to me while we were in the store.”
“You’re asking an awful lot,” Dean shook his head. He could still vividly remember the days where he honest to God thought that living past 30 was a pipedream, and now, Cas was expecting him to see his 90s….
“It’s the bare minimum.” Cas sat back down in his seat. He still had the palms of his hands resting on the cool table.
Snickering, she continued pushing him forward. “Fine Mr. Know-it-all, at least show me how a couple outfits look. It won’t kill you.” Cas glanced over his shoulder, and opened his mouth, but Claire cut him off. “
Cas was silent for a long time. “Ever since the earliest homo sapiens, humans have used their fingers to count. Ten fingers.” He held up a hand and wiggled his fingers. His expression was disconcerting. “It’s more than enough to count the number of angels that have basked in God’s presence. The rest of us had to rely on faith.”
Cas’ hands fell to his sides, and the frustration slowly smoothed out of his face. His gaze locked onto Dean’s.
“Isn’t he a bit young for intense growing pains? Should we get a doctor?” Antsy, Claire finally stepped into the room, but she still kept a distance between her and the baby.
Cas sighed, and rolled his gaze back over to her. He held it for several moments before speaking. “Eat before your food gets cold. I can still remember how unpleasant that can be.”
He opened his mouth, but then the more important situation crashed down on top of Dean. There were only a couple hours until trick-or-treat started and there wasn’t a single piece of candy in the entire house. He ate all the candy
Jack continued to babble away while he tried to wave every limb he could. Even his metaphysical wings.
Hi everyone! I'm really sorry that I wasn't able to update last week (It's currently 1am Sunday here so I'm counting this as the start of a new week). I got my first covid shot and it KICKED MY BUTT. My arm swelled, got red, hot, and incredibly painful (And I have a high tolerance for pain). And on top of all that I felt sick, head fuzzy, and all around miserable. So it got me behind on work and finishing this chapter up. ooooooooof what a week. I'm feeling a lot better at the moment. Finally. So no worries.
“That’s not bad honeybee. You still haven’t answered my question. Are you up for a busy day out of the house?”
“Mostly,” Dean continued after clearing his throat. “I remember her winding a big scarf around my neck and then my face. And then….how nice it was to keep my face hidden from the cold.”
“I’m not going to yell at you or tell you what to do.” Cas tried to keep his voice even. “Am I happy that you’re hunting? No. Am I frustrated that you’re hunting by yourself? Absolutely. But it’s your life and I promised to keep you safe.”
A part of Dean was tempted to crack a joke, and he probably would have if he wasn’t already bouncing back and forth between conflicting thoughts. He needed Sam to be his hero and come home with candy….for the sake of his relationship with Cas. But, he also wanted to tackle Sam to the ground and empty an entire bottle of Nair on his head.
The look dimmed in Cas’ eyes, and his shoulders slumped. “I’m sorry,” he muttered. “I don’t want you to give up. I can’t imagine this world without you in it.”
“You stupid, son of a bitch,” Dean muttered quietly. He placed a shaky hand on the creature’s chest, closing his eyes like he was still trying to feel for a heartbeat. A sob tore through him. His fingers curled in the drying blood and the fabric of the white button up shirt. “I could go with you… you dumb bastard. You didn’t even fight back, did you?”
Otherwise, the drive was quiet. The radio was on, but down low so the pop lyrics were only whispers. Regardless, Cas tapped along with his index finger to the beat of almost every song.
“His feelings will pass, but my discomfort won’t if I stay. I’ll never stop wanting to claw my way back to my boys. And that’s not fair….to the men that they are now.” She hung her head, squeezing her eyes shut. “And he’ll never forgive me for killing….”
“As long as it doesn’t become his favorite word, I don’t see why not. It’s a perfectly good response to frustration.” He leaned over and smoothed back into place the front sandy curl of Jack’s hair. “And….while he may have been mimicking you today...this wasn’t his first time hearing that word.”
The angel’s eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched. “I didn’t realize that’s how you were planning on spending Halloween
She bounced off towards the shelves, but stopped the moment her eye caught the wings. Rowena frowned, “He really was a pretty bird. It would have been nice to see his wings….in another circumstance.”
“After Jack was born….the moment we could flee, I etched Enochian sigils into his ribs to hide him from every angel.” Cas subconsciously rubbed a hand over the tattoo on his side. “My body is hidden from angels in a similar way.”
” He wrapped a hand around to the small of the angel’s back. In an instant the side of the mattress was pressed against Cas, and the angel let him with an amused grin.
She still didn’t know what to make of him. He knew the right stories. He was the right age. But….how could she swap the Dean she tucked into bed hours ago for this hardened stranger?
“Doing research. Providing assistance on the phones….that’s all still acceptable and I’m willing to compromise on that.”
“He’s not human,” the words slipped from her lips. She was still finding it hard not to focus on the massive wings burned into the floor.
At one point Cas walked out in a blue sweater dotted with orange flowers. Claire rolled her eyes so hard that she spun in a dramatic circle. His smile slipped into a frown. Cas really liked this one. The material felt nice on his skin
A low growl, rumbled in his throat. He put an inch between his mouth and Dean’s skin. Through his eyelashes, he met Dean’s half-lidded gaze. “You realize that wasn’t even a single bag of candy, right? I replaced the bag in the cabinet at least twice.”
He knew that he was marching dangerously close to a line he’d told himself a million times not to cross. Like a moth bashing their head again, and again into a lamp. Foolish. Doomed. His fingers traitorously curled around Cas’ hair until the palm of his hand cupped the back of his head.
“So….” Claire spoke with the straw still in the corner of her mouth. “When does hunter school start, professor angel?”
Cas pulled at the sleeves of his coat so they laid the way he preferred it. “I’m happy with my outfit.”
The nephilim let go immediately as if the fabric burned him. Cas stood up straight and took a deep breath. His tie was askew, but he didn’t bother fixing it. Claire chuckled.
Jack leaned the side of their head into Dean’s chest. Their little feet swung while they was lost in thought.
Dean watched him go, and immediately regretted his words. With a deep sigh, he got busy figuring out how to fix the mess Cas made. When he got the tray out of the oven, the burned mess was completely unrecognizable. He disposed of it and started cleaning the mountain of dishes that were left in the sink.
“Can you imagine how sad the sight would be to see Cas trying to explain why there’s no candy to the kids that are inevitably showing up on your doorstep. Think he might try to hand out stickers instead from one of Jack’s books?”
He went through a handful more outfits after that. Claire and Jack’s reactions made the whole experience worth the initial discomfort. Their approval meant everything to Cas. The only thing would would have made this perfect...was Dean being there. Every time he looked in the mirror, Cas couldn’t help but wonder what he might have thought.
Dean shoved the laptop further up the bed and pushed forward. He manhandled Cas and the pillows until the angel was comfortable again. Cas glared the entire time. When he was finished, Dean started the movie up again, putting himself and the laptop back into position.
“I know.” Claire’s voice was quiet. She put the empty soup container in the cup holder between the front seats and slid the crumb covered plate onto the dashboard. “Loo-”
Claire sighed, “Come on munchkin.” She lifted the baby and situated him on her hip again. With one last glance at the changing rooms, she hurried over to the ladies section.
Jack spun in a circle on their heels, deep in mid-ramble. Dean nodded even though he had no idea what the kid was even talking about. Despite that, a small smile tugged at the corner of Dean’s mouth. Every day he was thrilled that Chuck’s puppet strings were severed, but he was fully aware of the truth. They only traded one God for another, and the new one had him firmly wrapped around their fingers.
Jack put his phone down on his lap. “Oh, this is a game.” He turned to his dad. “Castiel, what do think?”
“Thank you,” Claire mumbled into his chest. She let go just as fast and sat in the chair she used earlier during lunch.
Cas hooked the scarf behind his neck. “It felt redundant.” His expression quickly twisted in frustration as his hands failed to wrap the scarf in a way that would be comfortable.
“I swear to you, Jack is usually better behaved,” Cas said while he undid the baby’s bib. He lifted Jack out of the highchair and Jack slapped a sticky, dirty hand to the side of Cas’ cheek. “Wonderful, honeybee.”
Claire stopped dead in her tracks next to Cas. Her eyes locked onto the colorful play pen. “Castiel.” The hand closest to him latched onto the sleeve of his coat. Claire suddenly felt very small, like when she was still a kid living with her family in Pontiac, Illinois. “Why do you have a baby?”
Cas crossed his arms. He didn’t answer. She continued, “You have a beautiful family. I got caught up watching them. They reminded me of mine when they were little.”
Claire exhaled loudly. “I can’t blame you. I wouldn’t wanna hear the lecture either. But…” Her head slightly tilted to the side. A small pang of pity circled through her chest. “Getting it over with is better than letting things get worse.”
“We don’t know,” Mary answered, surprising herself. “We got here and….” She gestured at the room around them. “It appears that something happened. Sam’s gone.”
But before it could smash into the ground, it stopped. The phone was floating in mid air, still ringing. Claire snatched before anyone else could see. “Holy fuck, Jack. Was that you? You’re telekinetic?!”
“Yeah,” he answered in a strained voice. The wave of pain had yet to diminish in any capacity. Silently, Dean vowed to never go without shoes ever again.
“Yeah,” she mumbled with a full mouth. A heartbeat later, she realized that Cas wasn’t speaking to her. Both Cas and Jack looked at her with similar confused stares. She swallowed. “Sorry. Thought that was directed at me.”
“I’ll be right back then,” Dean vowed, getting up. He lightly ruffled the swooping curl of sandy hair on the top of Jack’s head.
Sam kept trying to reassure him that they’d figure something out. Cas knew what he was agreeing to. The next thing Dean knew he was waking up under a pile of beer bottles…..again.
Overwhelmed was an understatement. Despite spending the car ride with her stare glued out the window in silence, Mary felt like an exposed nerve that had been thrashed with steel wool. If she closed her eyes she could still see things as she knew it: a house with a yard, laughter bouncing off the walls, toy cars on stair steps, hope in the mirror reflection. Her life wasn’t perfect, but it was hers.
“I don’t understand why this is necessary.” Cas badly wanted to dig in his heels, but the strategist in him had already calculated the odds. He wasn’t winning this battle.
Sam decided that night that he would hang onto the impala keys. Dean spent more of his time after that drunk. His moods wildly swung from anger to sobbing mess. Any time he looked at Sam it was becoming more and more strings of: Why did you let this happen? Why didn’t you just bury me in that damn box too?
Cas crossed the space between them and sighed, “I’ve tried to take the pain away. My grace, does nothing. His grace, does
Cas’ eyes flew open. A surge of adrenaline sprung him up and out of his chair. He started pacing the room again. “Hunting
Up close she liked the jacket even more. It was a simple black bomber style with a blue stripe down the sleeves. “What do you think, Jack?”
She forgot to peek in the nursery when she passed the door, but she figured that Cas would have said something if they were in there. Entering the living room, Claire still didn’t see Cas. The play pen was empty too. Frowning, she turned around and went over to the window. The lake looked inviting, but still there was no sign of the angels.
He made his way to the front door in big strides and with one last glance towards the bedrooms. “Crisis averted,” Dean sighed with relief. The tension slipped away from his body. Cas will never need to know
Dean nodded, but then he remembered the phone call. He then shook his head no, confusing the angel. “Sammy said the store is fresh out of candy.”
“Of course.” He looked at her incredulously. “I don’t know anything about babies. Especially-” They both glanced at the cart. Jack smiled softly. “-nephilim. I’m...uh, figuring it out as I go.”
“So what happened to the dino costume we decided on at the store a few weeks ago?” The kid’s expression pinched together in a way that reminded Dean so much of Cas that a shiver shot down his spine.
Cas unceremoniously dropped the bags in the center of the room. He turned and his eyes softened, falling on the sleeping nephilim. "I can put Jack to bed." He held his hands out.
“And I, promised, to protect you,” Cas answered, halting compressions. He remained hunched over Dean with his hands still pressed over his heart. The angel’s eyes squished shut as quiet sob tore through him.
That was the only thing that kept Cas grounded while he tried to master the finesse of diaper changes, formula, and wrangling wiggling baby limbs. What didn’t help was the disharmonious tune of longing encircling him. Some days it was quiet like a lullaby, but others it was erratic and thunderous. The worse days were the ones where there was nothing at all.
“I suppose,” the woman started. She crossed her arms. “I don’t understand why you needed me for something that simple. I’m not an on call service, and Fergus can work a spell that elementary.”
New day, new chapter. It will definitely be a few days until I post the next one. I need to space out dropping chapters so I can try to stay ahead writing. With this one I figured, why not, because it's a short one. I'm just really excited to start sharing this story and get into the plot.
The corner of Cas’ mouth curved up this time. “I think you’re more than capable of eating this many without my assistance.”
“Yeah, it’s quite irritating having my phone going off so often when I’m trying not to take from your time with Sam.”
Groggy, Claire rolled over in bed and realized the room was teetering on being too warm. Almost suffocating. She sat up and opened her eyes. Bright rays of sunlight were coming in the windows and a part of her wished thick curtains or blinds would appear so she could go back to sleep.
Turning back to the road, Dean reached a hand out blindly until it connected with the sleeve of Cas’ coat. “There’s nothing to be that upset about, your heart was in the right place.”
“And that’s when dad tried coming home.” Claire’s voice grew quiet. Her gaze fell to her hands in her lap.
Her smile vanished. Claire crossed her arms. “I’m living out of a duffle bag and the backseat of my car. I’m not messing with the furniture in
“Well ya win some and ya lose some. It happens, and besides Jack’s too much angel to let a little snow stop him.”
“Don’t be silly!” Jack giggled. “I’ll just heal you.”  They slapped the palms of their hands to Dean’s face, but nothing happened. “See? All better.”
Claire turned in her seat, bending a leg and leaning her back into the door. “Sooo the mark broke and the Darkness was released. Nice going dumbass.”
Dean shook his head, and then rolled onto his back. He couldn’t look at Cas while he searched his memory. “I’m not even sure if it’s real….or a dream I latched onto as a kid.” His voice fell to a hushed tone.
“Oh, sorry sweetie. I’m Rowena.” The woman stepped forward with a smile Mary didn’t trust for a second. “And...
The man didn’t even look at the bottle he plucked off the shelf, and he took a big swig. Glaring, he turned on his heels. “Mother dearest, my day to day schedule is a teensy bit busy. Remember?
When Claire had regained control over her laughter, she was leaning heavily against the store shelves. Her face was red and her whole abdomen hurt from laughing so hard. Cas and Jack watched her with identical bewildered looks.
Mary placed the glass on the table. She heard that name before. “Amara’s the one that brought me back, right?”
Since they came home, Dean had barely been able to get his four hours of sleep. Every time he tried, he woke up in a cold sweat remembering the sweat and the blood smeared on Cas’ face. A part of him still wasn’t completely convinced that Cas wasn’t going to drop dead on him the second he let himself relax.
After another pause Cas continued, “Dean’s spoken highly of Jody in the past. She should be sufficient enough to work cases with.” There was no mistaking the sharp intake of air over the line. “You are working with Jody, right?”
When she turned around, one of the walls had some kind of sigil drawn in blood. She shivered, already assuming the worst.
At that, Sam flew to his feet, feeling for his phone before spotting it on the nearby table. He was unlocking it when a blinding light filled the room.
.” He tapped something on the screen and pocketed the device. Rubbing his neck, he argued, “I’m not going to upset her when he’ll be back….He’ll be back.”
He continued while eyeing her carefully. “I never meant to upset you. I’m in no way trying to force anything on you.” Cas turned away and leaned back in the chair. He stared at the ceiling above him.
Here Dean was decades later, but Mary recognized the way his face was falling apart. It was no different.
“Your wish is received. Loud and clear,” Cas said getting up and crossing the room to Jack’s playpen. It was made of rainbow pastel colored panels with star decorations. He placed Jack down in the safety of the pen, and then Jack immediately latched onto the foot of a plush lion doll.
His mouth pulled into a toothy grin. He nodded happily. Jack then craned his head up to get a better look at everything. He tapped her arm with the palm of his hand.
Despite the blanket of night, there was still enough moonlight filtering in that there was no missing the way Cas’ eyes widened. But, he still didn’t dare pause. He followed orders and leaned forward, slowly.
Come find me at icefire149.tumblr.com  I'm a sucker for this fic and chatting about spn in general. Thank you so much for reading and please leave a comment. It keeps me energized to write more. Even if you're just telling me a fun fact. Have a good day!!! <3
Hi there everyone! As I'm posting this it's just after midnight here so it's officially Jack's fourth birthday! Baby boy is 4!!!
The look on Cas’ face melted into a fond one. He lightly ruffled Jack’s sandy, brown hair. Like everything else it had grown and thickened overnight. The front swooped more to the side and the ends in the back curled under his ears.
Claire brought that bag into the kitchen and stood there for a moment surveying the room. Eventually she decided to toss it onto the table. With a shrug, she figured the table would be where their hunter school would happen anyways.
But Dean had already spent too much of his life burning. His chest tightened. If Castiel burned him, he’d never recover.
Jack continued to change into their dinosaur costume. The bulky material was a bright lime green and Dean was silently thankful for that. He figured that if they got separated somehow that he’d be able to spot that color from a mile away.
Please leave a comment telling me anything. About the fic. Fun facts. I enjoy them all. Or come to icefire149.tumblr.com and yell about spn with me daily. See you all next week!
Living room it is, he thought taking a step in that direction when Cas called out to him. “Sweetheart, can you come here?”
“Kiddo, I’m not gonna have legs if you keep doing that,” Dean laughed as he lifted the four year old up into his arms.
“Yeah,” Dean rubbed the kid’s back while he thought about it. There was no way to go behind Cas’ back since he’d be with them every step of their route. And there was no way in Heaven or Hell that Dean was winning any arguments tonight. He bit the inside of his cheek. Well, he was likely already sleeping on the couch tonight so……
Mary stepped around the table, eyeing the thing cautiously. She could see that he held a hand against his stomach, but there was also a blue-white glow emanating from the wound. A shiver crawled up her spine, making the hair on her arms stand up. There was not a single monster that she could think of that bled both blood
She could tell that his mouth was moving, but all Mary could hear was her own heartbeat pounding in her ears. The longer she looked at him, the more convinced she was that he wasn't human at all.
It was that night that Cas asked Sam to build another ma’lak box. Dean didn’t know that nor was Sam going to tell him. He instead took the yelling Dean threw at him for suggesting such a thing. But deep down Dean knew it needed to be done and he helped build it. The whole time he kept telling himself it wasn’t going to come to that. He kept telling Cas that he would never do that to him. There’s still plenty of time. Of course. I’m not going anywhere.
“O...kay.” Cas went into the living room and peeked at the play pen. Jack was asleep. Cheek squished into the tummy of a teddy bear. Cas rubbed the side of his neck. “Okay.”
Claire rolled her eyes with her whole body. She went over to the refrigerator and snagged a juice box out. With a loud pop, she stabbed the straw in.
She went to the end of the hall and opened the door. It was the master bedroom. Claire tossed her bag down by the end of the bed and started poking around the room. The bed looked like a child put it together. The blanket was clearly going the wrong way and the ends were close to touching the floor.
Dean could feel the constriction in his chest loosen at the faint smile he could hear in Cas’ voice. He shook his head. “Giving Jack a real first Christmas is a great idea. I can’t believe I didn’t think of it months ago.”
Hi everyone and a late happy mother's day! I hope you're all doing really well. Just as a HEADS UP: I've been doing my best to keep a once a week schedule going on this fic, but I can't guarantee there will be one next week. I'd like to for Jack's birthday. That's the goal. I've been trying to stay a few chapters a head, but life bit me pretty good. I'm caught up for the most part. Chapter 8 is a couple pages at the moment and I have so much more to write. I'm not walking away from this fic and PLEASE come bug me about it on tumblr. Or leave comments here. It really does help me focus on writing. My day job is being a freelance writer too, and at the moment I have a new script that's keeping me busy as well. Obviously it has to be prioritized over this baby, but once things free up (and hopefully soon) I'll be back with new chapters. Please subscribe so you don't miss anything.
“I’m not driving to...wherever you are, just so you can try to talk me out of hunting. It’s a waste of time and gas money.”
The highest praise Cas got the entire afternoon was a double thumbs up when he stepped out in a fake leather jacket. Claire’s whole expression lit up. “You should get that one.”
Cas was only able to snap once. It was a nice day. Clear blue sky for miles. And Cas….Cas seemed to be in slight better spirits. And Dean ate up every bit of that hope. Why not go for a drive? It’s just a drive. A feeling of normalcy. And the suggestion brought the brightest smile to Cas’ face. But then he had to run inside the gas station for only a moment. The machine wasn’t reading his card. It wasn’t more than five minutes, but it was long enough. Cas wasn’t in the car.
The anger fell from Cas’ face. “Oh, no. No, no, no,” he muttered, dropping the bag on the floor and gently placing his hands on either sides of Dean’s face. “To the store,” he spoke clearly. “I’ll need to go to the store and buy something sweet for the kids. Otherwise they’re going to egg your car.”
“Oh.” Cas looked down at Jack. He ran a finger down to the collar of the baby’s onesie. It wasn’t too small yet, but it already was snugger than when he dressed him earlier.
“No, of course not. A formal education is good, but it’s not the only path to pursue knowledge.” He could distinctly hear a sigh of relief. “Claire, I only care about your happiness
“I’ll show you,” Cas called over his shoulder while he set the bags down next to the kitchen table. He led her into the living room and motioned a hand towards the play pen. “Claire, I want you to meet Jack.”
The worst was when his hands shook uncontrollably in the dirt and ash outside of Kelly’s cabin in North Cove. Dean waited from the moment the light extinguished from Cas’ eyes all the way until the final coals cooled for a miracle. He waited for Cas to rise. He waited for his world to start spinning again.
This time though Cas reached for him and the moment their hands touched, Dean was healed. Cas helped pull him to his feet. And then he struck Dean again. Not as hard as before, but enough to bruise. CASTIEL. It was enough to pause the moment. It had been so long since Dean last said Cas’ full name. It felt foreign on his tongue. By Cas’ expression it seemed odd for him to hear too. There was a brief flicker in his eyes and Cas took off to the other side of the room. As far away as he could get from Dean.
It was then that Sam and Dean decided that Jack should stay with Jody. There’s room there now that Claire’s on the road most of the time these days. Jack doesn’t want to go, but Dean reassured him that he didn’t want to watch this. He doesn’t need to have this burned into his memory. Jack whispers thank you into Dean’s shoulder when he hugs him goodbye.
“It’s more….” Claire’s mouth pulled into a grin. Her cheeks were still red from laughter. “Inappropriate? Rude, I guess.”
“Yeah, but do you have the exorcism chant memorized? Or recorded? Can you make hex bags? Draw various devil traps? Read any Latin or Enochian? Tracking spells? Draw angel banishing-”
Sitting up straight, Claire’s expression morphed from jovial to serious. “Is that okay? Is it even safe with…”
Cas looked down at himself. He did quite enjoy the look and feel of this one. Glancing back at Claire, he knew this was suited more to her taste. “Are you sure we shouldn’t just buy it for you to wear instead?”
It didn't take long to get all the shopping bags in the house. With the heel of her boot, Claire held the front door open for Cas. She knew it was because of his angel powers, but she was still silently impressed by his carry-it-all-at-once-I'm-only-making-one-trip game.
“He’s not breathing.” Sam muttered in shock before surging forward to start pressing on his brother’s chest. “What did he do, Cas! A deal?”
Finally, Dean started to get a grip on the pain as he wiggled his toes for good measure. It was only then that his brain was able to comprehend the situation. It was Jack’s dress up trunk that his foot caught. The trunk that was supposed to be in Jack’s bedroom. Not carelessly left partially in the living room and the entry way.
Cas smiled softly. “Angel warding would be useless in this situation. Yes, it would keep Heaven away from this house, but it would also keep me and Jack out.”
Catching herself, Mary glued her stare onto the man. His steps slowed, but his piercing blue eyes were fixed on her as well. The way he moved, she realized, he was aiming to go past her around the tables. Mary started side stepping slowly to meet him step for step until there was only a large table between them.
Cas’ eyes darted back to her for a moment. He stared, and then he pointed at the laptop. “So what kind of movie were you thinking?”
“I wish I could do more to alleviate his pain.” His voice was so quiet that Claire almost missed it. Jack released her hand, and he squished his face into Cas’ chest again.
Cas pushed the juice box into her reach. She took it and started drinking. He smiled, feeling the tension loosen in his shoulders.
Jack ran past Cas and took the corner to crash into Dean’s legs, latching their arms like a vice grip around him. “Dee! You can’t leave. It’s Halloween!”
There was nothing she could do for…...now, and if he wasn’t responsible for the mess and Sam’s disappearance, who was? Where did he go? Dean needed a clear head.
Cas felt himself lean forward, wondering where the thought was going before Dean cut himself off. He strained to pick up any sound, but there was only silence.
“I haven’t lied. I want to help you, and I want to pass my knowledge along.” His head tilted just a bit. “Claire, I’ll never be able to repay you or...make anything right. I know that, but….this is something I can do. And selfishly...I’d like you to be the best.”
….my siblings were thrown from their only home in creation. And the ones that survived the eviction, they’re now left to wander a world they’re not built to understand.”
A quiet smile tugged at the corners of Cas’ mouth. “Oh. Well, I...like flowers.” He raised an arm to eye level to look closer at the pattern. “And I’m quite partial to the colors.”
"I know my Dean," Mary snapped. Her hands curled into fists as tears beaded in her eyes. "He's 4 years old with freckles on his arms. He likes to spin in circles while he sings. And he cries when he can't find the birds he can hear chirping outside his bedroom window."
“Again?” Claire coughed. Cas hummed in response. Claire continued, “We need to go back to that later. Keep going.”
Cas shifted his whole body as much as he could in the front seat to face her. “I was scared when you said you were hunting alone. The feeling was overwhelming.”
The corner of the angel’s mouth curved into a smirk. “They want it to be a surprise. Only you can help them. Have fun.”
“Yes?” Cas stood up straight; he finally got Jack’s bib securely on. The more Jack fussed, the more his wings were flailing in the metaphysical plane. That reminded him that he still didn’t have a solution for what he was going to do when Jack realized his wings did so much more than wiggle.
.” Dean was so embarrassed that his hands were shaking. The warmth of Cas’ hands being placed on his shoulders was slowly grounding him.
I'm gonna try to have a chapter for next week. I have a lot on my plate now since I was sick. Please keep an eye on my tumblr: Icefire149.tumblr.com  everything relating to this fic is tagged: An Angel's Vow. It's linked on my master post. You can't miss it. I post updates and sneak peeks there.
“Don’t be.” Claire shook her head. “Things suck, but I’m glad I met Jody, and Alex, Sam and Dean.” Her eyes looked sad, but there was a soft smile fighting to stay on her face. “Jack...and you.”
"Is he still here?" His voice boomed, and Mary couldn't stop her eyes from instinctually glancing at the door Dean went through.
“Now what were we talking about again, Jack?” Cas said glancing at Claire out of the corner of his eye. Claire shook her head, watching the exchange. He turned his attention back to Jack.
Despondent, Claire was about to head back upstairs to change when she heard the sound of something plastic hitting the floor. Oh. The kitchen. Claire felt the tension loosen in her shoulders.
Cas started loosening his tie, clearly giving up the struggle. “Heaven tried very hard to make me fall in line. Again and again. He took it off and Jack managed to shove more of his tiny fist into his mouth. “They would forcibly control those angels until they were obedient. I still don’t know how many memories were carved and discarded over my lifetime, but I’ve long been free from their persuasion.”
“Lore books would be nice, but I have a library right up here.” He touched his temple with his index finger. “And besides we have a ton of ground to cover before thinking about hunts.”
Dean felt unable to speak. Like his tongue wasn’t made for making sounds anymore. The scarf’s warmth sank into his skin and the only thought coming to mind was that:
Before she could ask, Cas went over to the drawers and plucked out a fork. He passed it to her and she sat at the table. “Thanks.”
Claire’s gaze went from Cas to Jack, and then back to Cas. A part of her wanted to argue and stay with them a while longer, but her eyes started drooping closed again. Another yawn escaped her.
Dean panicked trying to spot him anywhere. His gut led him to the small diner across the street. He drove over, parked, and peeked in the window. All he could see was red. His stomach twisted as he flew inside. Standing in the center was Cas. His back was to Dean. There were a handful of bodies on the floor. And yet Dean ran to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. Cas! But Castiel reacted and grabbed Dean’s hand, throwing him painfully over his shoulder. Dean cracked into the floor and he was certain that his shoulder was at minimum dislocated. Cas, please. His voice cracked as he looked up at the angel looming over him. For now that was enough. The look in Cas’ eyes shifted back closer to what it’s been. Oh, I’m sorry Dean. He reached a hand forward and healed Dean’s injury. A wave of nausea crashed into Dean. Even Cas’ grace felt wrong.
Dean slapped her hand away, and she rolled her eyes before focusing her attention on Mary. The man did too, but his mouth twisted into a sickening smile.
Home was supposed to be safe. This was supposed to be a home. The memory of blood twisted her gut. She lost her parents at home. She lost John....her babies..…
A light red blush dusted her cheeks. She shook her head. “No. We’re shopping for you. Remember?” Cas raised a questioning eyebrow. Claire folded immediately. “Fine. We can
Chuckling, Claire made her way to the refrigerator. She blinked at the inside in confusion. The jars of baby food were expected, but everything else in there was premade and packaged. “Hey, Cas?”
Eileen raised an eyebrow, studying him closely. He waved with a small, forced smile before turning his attention to the dress up trunk. It didn’t take Dean a lot of digging before his fingers recognized the material of the jacket.
“Crowley,” his pain was masked well. “I-Yeah, I know. Not dead. Long story. Get Rowena and meet me at the bunker
The next several weeks were bumpy. Jack was definitely growing faster than human babies his age, but  no where near as fast as Amara. Whether any of that was a good or a bad thing, Cas had no idea. The nephilim was an utter mystery to him. At the very least, as far as Cas could tell...Jack was a happy baby.
It was only a few days later when Sam had to talk Dean out of digging Cas up. It was a couple days after that, that Sam had a bad feeling in his gut when Dean left to go pick up a pizza. He took one of the other cars and found Dean digging. After that Sam had to hide all the shovels. Not that it helped. About a week later, Sam was so tired from trying to keep an eye on Dean. He felt asleep for a little while. Of course, he found Dean where they buried Cas. He was on his knees clawing at the dirt with his fingers. Drunk. Sobbing. Mumbling incoherent apologies.
“Not quite.” Cas walked around to the other side of the highchair. There was a proud air about him when he looked at Jack. He lifted the bowl from Jack’s hands and placed it on the kitchen table. “I thought you wanted Claire to join us, honeybee?”
His gaze squished into an intense squint. “I hadn’t thought about that yet.” The corner of Claire’s mouth hooked into a small, amused smile. Cas continued, “I suppose though...that I should just repack everything into the bags again. Store them out of the way down here.”
Cas frowned. He stared down at Jack’s fine, sandy brown hair. “Her name was Kelly Kline. She….she died in childbirth.”
Mary was stunned by the collection of cars there. She actually felt a spark of excitement at the possibility of taking one of them out for a spin.
Rolling his eyes, Dean got ready for the day. He was tying his boots when the motel door opened, letting an icy gust into the room.
“Well yeah.” Claire pulled her legs up, crossing them. She then turned her whole body in Cas’ direction. “Jody told me Sam is like ready to tie him down so he’ll stop clawing at the walls. He’s trying to find you.”
He started crossing the room towards Dean, but the toe of his shoe stepped on something that rolled under it. He looked down, and his cool demeanor cracked. “Where’s Castiel?”
His smile widened at that. Jack excitedly started kicking his feet and they tap, tap, tapped loudly against the underside of the highchair tray.
“Dude, just listen. When I die, I need you to promise me that you’ll come visit me. Break me out of whatever memory loop I’m in.”
“I wasn’t sure what you would want so I bought a variety of things. Just let me know what you want and I’ll make it.”
Over their favorite meals, Jack began going over his progress and plans for all of creation. There were several parts where his excitement was palpable, but he clearly was trying to be mature about the situation under Cas’ scrutinizing eye. Sam followed after, explaining in detail the spell work him and Rowena poured over crafting the past several months. Intermittently, Dean cut in to proudly point out where his research came in handy and how him and Eileen went about gathering the ingredients.
A glint of excitement shone in Claire’s eyes. “Are you sure? Sounds like a fun place to explore and grow up in.”
“No.” Jack hung on tighter. “It was grief. The loss of Cas…….me. It weakened your heart, but I knitted it all back together again.”
That night had a difficult start. Jack reluctantly left for Heaven. He promised to return for the following weekend to discuss his duties further with Cas. And Cas, he held onto his son for so long that Jack in between his laughter had to appeal to Sam and Dean for help getting free.
The carts were left over by the far wall. Cas made his way over and looked over a few of them. They all appeared to be the same, but he found that some were dirtier than others and the metal was sharp in places on another. Eventually, he settled on one that seemed suitable enough for the task.
“Yeah.” Dean withdrew his hand and turned the car down the nearest exit. “You’re not wrong.” Basically since Jack was born they’ve been non-stop busy. The past few months in particular were miserable, for all of them.
, because he has the best father to emulate. There’s nobody else that fights….and sacrifices…to do the right thing like you.”
“Yeah.” Cas stood up straight, collected. “And besides,” he shifted the subject, and took a small black card out of his wallet. “We have this as well.”
“It was a hunting accident.” He could feel Cas’ hand trembling, but he chose to let his gaze travel up to meet his blue eyes instead. “It was a stupid mistake. And...kinda like this, but not nearly as nice. I got shoved into something sticking out of a barn beam.”
“I don’t intend to. It was vile.” Exasperated, Claire exhaled loudly. Cas continued, “Chuck and Amara came to an agreement and the world was fine again. Lucifer was free so I spent my time pursuing him.” He didn’t miss the shiver that Claire tried to hide. Softly, he added, “But there’s nothing to worry about anymore. He’s caged. He’s just a distant memory.”
Jack giggled, and tightly grabbed the side of his teddy bear in his fist. He pulled it close, watching Cas closely.
Cas was silent for a long time. Claire couldn’t make heads or tails of his expression. Eventually he spoke in a hushed whisper. “I miss him.”
Claire made her way upstairs, and heard loud splashing noises. She had to bite the side of her hand to hold back the laughter that threatened to escape when she heard the deadpan tone of Cas’ voice. A few more, but quieter splashes later she started moving past the door. For a moment she thought caught the sound of her own name and that made her pause, but immediately she brushed it off. It shouldn’t come to a surprise that Cas was telling Jack about her.
Dean didn’t talk after that. Well…at least not out loud. Sam would find him around the bunker with his lips quietly moving. It never surprised him. Cas was the only person Dean wanted anyways.
After that, Mary could only hear static. It wasn’t until she saw Cas, bloody and dead, in the infirmary that she even knew that she left the room.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean rolled his eyes with a huff. He could feel Cas’ grace flowing through every atom of his being, shielding him from the cold. “You’re always right.
Her hip cracked painfully into the table the moment she realized what she was seeing burned around the body: wings. “Dean!”
Jack’s smile widened when they made eye contact. He started lightly tapping the palms of his hands on the tray part of the chair.
The next thing she was aware of, Claire was slamming her car door shut. Her hands trembled, and that pissed her off even more. Again and again, she slammed her hands into the steering wheel until her eyes were too blurry to see a damn thing.
. That’s how you end up dead.” They both stopped in the kitchen doorway. Cas sighed. “Right, Jack put on a show during lunch.”
Dean had to look away from the intensity of Cas’ stare, and when he did something dawned on him. A small laugh escaped him.”
Claire paused just outside of the kitchen, and out of sight. She bit back a smile listening to the exasperated tone in Cas’ voice.
The volume snapped Cas out of his spiraling thoughts. He blinked, and his head slowly tilted to the side.
Hi there, and thank you for reading! I'm so excited to have more Jack this chapter. (He features quite a bit in the next one too). Between I have no concrete vision in my head for the inside of the house layout and Jack's baby behavior, please forgive me. I'm trying to balance him being part human and part angel, and I'd imagine the angel part wants to leap ahead in growth. (And I'm also working off of my experiences with my niece and nephew and how they spoke and did things are now one giant blur in my head).
Dean pointed at the trash can, and Sam crossed the room to take a peek. He cringed. “Okay,” Sam said. “I’ll hold his hand from start to finish next time.”
“There’s little point in learning. As an angel I can’t taste food properly, and….Dean’s the one that does all the cooking.”
There was a light chuckle above him. Dean cracked an eye open and caught the fond smile hooked on Cas’ face. The angel darted his gaze away, and Dean snapped his eyes shut again. His skin started prickling with heat.
Dean kicked the blanket off and pulled himself out of bed. Stiffly, he stopped next to Jack and saw the entire parking lot buried under a few inches of snow. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth.
“Oh.” Her voice was quiet, and Claire awkwardly averted her gaze when Cas turned around with Jack. “What….what about the kid’s?”
Cas’ eyebrows raised in surprise. “No?” He looked up at Claire for help, and her devilish smile grew.
I really hope you all enjoyed the update and please let me know what's on your mind in the comments below. Or as always just come yell about spn with me daily at icefire149.tumblr.com
The creature fell to a shaky knee. A sheen of sweat on his forehead was visible in the light as he tilted his head up. He made no move to pick up the blade, but his eyes bore into her challengingly.
Cas’ expression twisted in confusion. He didn’t move, but he did release some of the weight he was pressing into Dean. When Dean only laughed harder at his confusion he momentarily considered what it would be like to throw Dean through the building’s wall.
. She had to keep reminding herself – was peeking at her out of the corner of his eye every so many minutes.
“It surprised me….I surprised me..when I asked you to meet me out here. Giving away my secret location…”
It took everything Sam had to keep Dean away from that room, but eventually he passed out. Sam woke up to find Dean passed out next to the box. Several empty beer bottles surrounded him.
The tips of his ears burned red. Sheepishly, he signed, “Sorry. I’m really stressed out I-” Mouth open, Dean paused. He couldn’t remember how to sign the next part. “I don’t wanna disappoint Cas. Today’s important.”
“Nothing,” Dean lied. How do you tell someone that you’re incapable of loving them until they’re dead? “I just….” Dean shook his head. “Can you promise me something?”
The whole exchange set Claire off laughing again. Cas paused putting Jack in the cart mid motion. He raised an eyebrow. “No, I know kids are allowed in the carts. I’ve seen it.”
“A Jack-o-saurus, ya know?” Dean answered still unsure himself what the fuck he was even saying. “Like a……..a din-o-saur but also…part angel. Part you.”
"He's alive?" With a slight turn of his head the words tumbled out of his mouth. The last one in a whisper. "Cas."
The angel slid into the front passenger seat, and they were off in the direction of the nearest shopping mall. It wasn’t until they hit their second red light that something finally clicked into place in his brain. “Is that why you tend to disappear around the holidays?” Turning, he kept his eyes on Cas long enough to see the twist in his expression.
It all started with a single, harmless thought: no one would notice if one piece of candy went missing. And if it had stayed that way then maybe……
Distressed, Cas’ gaze snapped over to her. “I’m so sorry we were too noisy. Did you get enough sleep?”
Dean pulled the body into his lap, cradling him. Gently, he brushed some of the hair sticking to the creature’s forehead back. Dean’s hand pressed the creature’s head into the crook of his neck. Tears started pouring, and his whole expression crumbled in silent despair.
Dean’s heart stopped the moment they fell through the portal rift. His body hit the bunker floor with a loud thump, but so did Castiel’s. It wasn’t until a moment later when Cas wiggled to sit up, slamming the palm of his hand onto the floor as he gasped for air, that Sam felt his stomach drop.
Claire nodded, and they both sat there in silence with their thoughts for a while. Eventually, Claire’s eyes moved back to Cas and the sorrow exuding from him. “If Dean left the bunker to help you with Jack out here….would you want that?”
“No.” Something about her expression seemed quieter. Her gaze slid back over to Jack for a moment. He was leaning forward against the side of the cart closest to Cas. His fingers were wrapped tightly around the metal. “I….uh” Claire turned her attention back to Cas. “It looks like you.”
“Where do you think? The soup aisle? I’m in the candy section and I’ve been to every Halloween display. There’s no candy.”
For now he was just grateful that he had the foresight to get Kelly far enough away from the cabin before Jack was born. He knew that she wouldn’t survive the birth. He knew that it was likely going to alert every angel, demon, and curious moron in creation, but he still wasn’t prepared for what occurred. The power blast….atomized
“I could.” His voice came out softly. “If there’s anything you want me to pass along to them...let me know. One day I may be able to….or at the very least I might run into an angel I trust that could do that for you.”
Her voice cut off seeing the pained look on Cas’ face. He was seated on the living room couch, but he looked miles away. “Cas?”
“I’m not a child, Castiel.” Claire clenched her jaw. The embers of her anger were growing hotter again.
“Hey Cas. Did you know that Jack is telekinetic?” Claire unhooked his fingers and held Jack out to him while he stopped the cart in front of them.
They sat there in silence after that. Eyes closed, Claire leaned her head back against the glass of the window. “Thanks….for you know, telling me…”
Jack tugged on the tie until Cas turned his attention back. Cas started prying Jack’s fingers off again, but he latched on with his other hand. “Honeybee, if you don’t let go you won’t be allowed to sit in the cart.”
“You’re here,” Dean pressed. “This is real. I’ll remind you every day if I have to. I meant what I said when you woke up.”
,” Dean said exasperatedly. His fingers tightened on the steering wheel, but the blaring honk of the car behind him momentarily cut off his train of thought. When traffic settled so did Dean, “I already get enough of Sammy, and I’m sure he’s more than sick of me too, especially around the holidays.”
Claire nodded in agreement. “She’s right. Jack should be allowed to be his entire self. No hiding. No changing or compromising for others.”
“Uh….” Dean made a point to trail his gaze up and down Cas. Despite his worries all afternoon, he couldn’t help but smirk. “I think….you’re wearing too many clothes.”
They both stood there, Claire silently fuming and Cas choking on his guilt, for a while. People passed on by them, oblivious.
Cas kept his voice even while he watched Jack. He tried to pry the end of his tie from the baby’s vice grip hands, but he was losing the fight. He continued, “For millennia it was considered an honor. Faith is a precious gift that all my father’s creations share. I know now that we were being smug, and that my father spent his time laughing at the folly of it all.”
