Claire had jumped up, knife in her hand ready to swing at whatever was attacking. She lowered it as soon as she saw Dean's wide terrified eyes. "Hey. Dean? You're ah...you're okay. You're safe." She tried to sound calm but her voice shook. She wished Jody was there. Jody would have been able to soothe him with her mom voice. She folded the knife and put it back in her pocket.
Dean blocked it with his newly aquired weapon and pushed the fairy back. They circled each other. Dean silently thanking Charlie for the sword lessons when he and Sam had ended up at her live action role playing game while working a case.
Sam rubbed his eyes as the lines of the topography map of Fairy Falls blurred and melded together. He brought his coffee cup to his lips only to find it was empty. Sighing he put it down. Sam tried and failed to stifle a yawn.
" Keep him safe. That's all you had to do! One lousy job!" As John spoke he punched Dean in the stomach, making him double over in pain. He pulled Dean back up by his hair. The smell of whiskey made Dean gag.
Suddenly Dean was lifted off his feet and slammed into a wall. Alistair walked over to him and gave him the once over. "I mean, come on Dean, you could have at least gotten dressed before you visited me! " He paused and licked his lips. "Then again this will be much easier to cut through. "
Taking one last swing Claire shouted back. "Coming!" She grabbed the pants off the dresser and made her way back to Jody's bedroom, stopping at the linen closet along the way to get clean sheets. The throbing pain in her hands helped to steady her.
Apologies for any and all grammar and spelling mistakes I make. I'm writing this on my phone so there's no spell check etc.
Sam suggested that they tell the others what was actually out there but Dean was against it. Their hosts would undoubtedly think they were crazy and then they would find themselves tossed outside into the literal cold and Dean was in no shape to be attempting to fight anything. Everyone would be in greater danger and there would be no way to protect them...
Neither woman says anything and the man sighs heavily. "Gabriel. I'm Gabriel." He paused waiting for them to comprehend. Once again the women elicited no response.
away from Donna! She's off limits! Jody too! All of them are off limits!" Dean exclaimed furiously his hands gesturing as he spoke. He looked like a demented marionette on crack.
"I know. Dean was being a dick. Look,I found some lore that says Fairies might be fallen angels..." Sam explained.
He quickly ushered the poor woman inside and handed her off to Joshua to calm her down while he went about examining the area around the body. Not a drop of blood could be found on the dirt, nor were there any kind of footprints. It had rained the night before so the earth was soft and impressionable. Sam frowned. Even if it had been a vampire there should have been some sort of sign of them...
Dean drank greedily and though he had a million questions he couldn’t keep the exhaustion at bay any longer and he surrendered to it, trusting that his brother was able to keep them both safe.
“Nothing,” replied Sam. “Must have been a bird flying past or something” he said before ducking back inside the barn.
" Freakin' angels", muttered Dean affectionately as he left the bunker without so much as a glance at Sam. As soon as the door shut Sam found the ability to speak again.
"Same as Sam," replied Jody. " We're looking. Or rather Claire's looking for Cas while Donna looks for Sam."
Heart pounding she stepped over Dean and opened the window. Kicking the screen out she looked down. It wasn't going to be a soft landing.
"Only because I hate repeating myself," snapped Gabriel, " and I wanted to make sure Sam could explain the big words to you so I wouldn't have to".
“Please, follow me,” said Meg leading the men into a parlor. “You can lay him on the settee while I get Charlie to make up the spare room for you both”. She smiled at Sam and exited the room, her feet barely made a sound on the hardwood floor.
Usually, the park was packed but it was a chilly fall day and the sun was slowly sinking behind the hills. Most people had gone back home by now or were rushing to get back out of the woods before full darkness fell.
"Sam's out there! He could be in trouble! I ain't sitting in some hospital bed while he needs me!" He threw back his covers and tried standing. Only to sway and fall onto Donna who had moved towards him.  His whole body was screaming in pain.His vision blurred and when she spoke it sounded very far away.
" Habit/Hobby. Potato/potatoh. " shrugged Dean. Inside his stomach was doing flip flops and every cell in his body was urging him to run.
The sounds of music and laughter drew nearer. Eyes wide with fear Jody helped Donna to her feet. "I'll explain later! We got to go now! " Keeping Donna's hand in hers, Jody began running in the opposite direction of the music.
She started to hit it harder. Dean was the best damn hunter in the world and a tough son of a bitch. A total bad ass. A strong and fucking terrifying killer. He killed Hitler and Gods...Even Death! If he could be hurt and broken by whatever monster he just went against what chance did the rest of them have?
“Oh. That is simple enough to answer.” smiled Gabriel though the smile failed to reach his eyes. “I am the family black sheep. I refuse to play by fathers rules, or society’s for that matter. Cas is the only one in my family who will speak with me”.
“Well, you had instructions for everyone else. I thought maybe Meg might have left some for me too?”
“Do not die” replied Sam with a shrug and then with one last weapon check he began to approach the front doors of the chapel.
" Shit", she mumbles and just like Donna had done earlier she circles the vehicles slowly looking for clues.
There was a pleading tone to his brother's voice that Dean had not heard in a long time. Paired with what their Uncle Bobby called his puppy dog eyes and Dean knew he would lose this argument.”Damn it, Sam! You know that we have to keep moving! We cannot be certain that we vanquished all the vampires from that nest! They could follow us here!”
“Of course” nodded Cas who was also blushing at this point. “I merely want to state for the record that I have seen you naked and your sex is most certainly manly. In fact, it is probably the largest co...”
One of the boys gave him a creepy grin. Dean took it as a sign to run. He almost made the door before he was yanked backward and slammed into the hard ground. The air in his lungs rushed out and he could hear their laughter over the rush of his own heart.
"You think?" Dean snapped through his chattering teeth, "I'm not wearing a shirt and I'm barefoot. Of course I'm friggin' cold! It's almost October in Minnesota! Can't you, I dunno, zap us to somewhere freakin' warm?" His shivers had graduated into violent trembling and Dean wanted to punch Gabriel in the face.
Gabriel muttered something unintelligible and Dean stopped choking. The older hunter became still, his breathing steadied, a peaceful expression on his weary face.
"Yep. Obviously, I'm better at hiding weapons then you are" boasted Dean "Okay. Here's what we're gonna do. I'm going to get out first and then I'll get you out. No point in both of us bleeding", Dean said as he made a slice across his palm.
His green eyes were blinking and he began coughing from the smoke. "What?" He looked up at her in confusion.
Dean quirked an eyebrow at the exchange. Part of him was amused by the obvious brotherly dynamics but the other part of him was all too aware that he was in the presence of dangerous predators. Pint-sized predators but predators nonetheless.
Dean tried his hardest to stop his wheezing but to no avail. There was more scraping, something heavy was rolled away and then a small square of light fell upon him. Dean blinked upwards and he let the tension in his shoulders ease.
“That is enough”, Cas warned. “You are more than welcome to stay as long as you and your brother need to heal. That is unless you have something more pressing which requires you to leave sooner rather than later?”
“Wait, that is why you have been going out every night? To patrol?” asked Gabriel. “You have been doing that every night since you arrived here!”
The brothers did their usual nonverbal communication before Dean jerked his head as if to say “Go ahead” and Sam began to explain.
The bars had vanished completely. Reaching down Dean picked up one of the rocks he had knocked loose earlier and tossed it through the opening. Nothing happened. Breathing a sigh of relief he poked his head out and cursed.
“No. Dean you can not fight. Not in your condition,”said Castiel with a shake of his head, his hand lightly resting on Dean’s shoulder.
“Oh we are so going to talk about this later,” said Dean while looking at his little brother in shock.
It wasn't the question he meant to ask. Sam wondered if he was back in the cage. This conversation sure felt like hell. He pressed his thumb into the scar on his palm. Nope. Not a hallucination.
Dean could hear running. Getting up he saw Sam heading towards him, a sword in his hand.Grinning at him Dean began racing up the stairs. Sam caught up to him in no time. They reached an intermediate landing a few floors up, where another row of cells branched off to their left.
At that exact moment the room began to spin. His stomach lurched and he suddenly felt the urge to throw-up. He was trapped behind the table though. The blonde woman on his right was gripping his thigh and some dude with a safety pin through his nose and a tattoo that read "Kill Everything" scrawled across his scrawny bicep was on his left. More people sat across from them.
" What no witty quip, Dean?" Alistair asked as he ran the knife along Dean's cheekbone . He watched as the hunter's jaw clenched but he didn't flinch. His bright green eyes were boring holes into him. He dragged the knife along the other cheek bone. Watching in fascination as Dean's lip twitched in  barely contained rage. He drank it in, almost giddy from Dean's pain.
The closer she got to the phone the more she noticed signs of a struggle. Broken branches, rocks dislodged from the ground, blood smeared on one of them, drag marks...then a little further in she found a set of  keys for the impala. She scooped them up and pocketed them.
“Well?” asked Dean, noticing that the young woman was still staring at them. She gave him a warm smile and Dean beamed at her and boldly added a wink, pleased when he saw her return it with a wink of her own before disappearing inside.
Suddenly the light disappears and Donna realises, too late, that she is deep in the woods and has no idea which direction to take in order to get back to her truck.
"I do. Speaking of which, I have to head back home and deal with the Fire Marshal", Jody sighed. "They think it was arson. Which it was but I can't tell them it was demons who did it."
Using his momentum Dean plowed into the first guard, knocking him into the stone wall and stunning him. He then ducked as the second one took a swing at him with a sword. There was a flurry of blows and the second guard fell unconscious at Dean's feet.
" Shooting out of their asses!" Claire exclaimed defensively. " And they have knives strapped to their horns! "
Dean didn’t know how much time had passed. He had awoken in a pitch-black room, his hands and legs bound to the arms of the chair he was sitting in.
“Dean, how did you get those wounds on your neck?” asked Cas. “Do not say it was debris from the tornado”
She rushed over to the window and dropped the rope . It stopped a mere five feet from the ground. Deciding it was better than jumping she turned to check on Dean.
Claires eyes were watering and irritated from the smoke. Dean was fumbling trying to undo the knot but Claire slapped his hands away. "We gotta go now, Dean!" She half dragged him and half helped him crawl over to the opening.
" Sorry, Red, he's mine" said Alastair. Pushing Rowena through the portal which closed instantly around her.
" Wait a minute", Dean's eyebrows shot up; and he pointed a finger at Claire "Why the hell am I wearing your clothes and where are mine? More importantly, who the hell dressed me? And
All remnants of sleep were gone as she jumped off the bed and crossed to the bedroom door. She cautiously swung it open, checking both directions before easing out into the hallway.
The hand print was still pinky in colour. She didn't know what she expected it to look like but it wasn't this. It was like he'd been branded. She felt Dean's gaze and quickly looked away and grabbed the shirt, just like the pants, she gathered the material up and popped the neck hole over his head. Then she saw it. The burn mark that went across his anti possession  tattoo. It was healed but obviously new.
"Take that as a no. What about you, blondie? Wanna play?" He wiggled his eyebrows. Donna shook her head at him. The man sighed. " You two are even lamer than my brother and the Losechesters!"
" You have no idea what you're up against! You thought Alistair was bad?! He's wearing kid gloves in comparison to what Oberon has planned for you!" The demon coughed and then chuckled "Little Sammy is already at his mercy! You're all gonna burn alive after he rips your intestines out and shoves them down your throat!"
I changed the word pentagram to it's actual name of pentacle in reference to the boys anti- possession tattoos. It always drove me nuts in the tv series when they called it a pentagram.
On the third day, it was Sam who found the half-eaten corpse of Joshua amongst the mutilated bodies of the pigs. He had been posed with a bloodless sow across his lap while he was leaned against the sty wall, his mouth open in a contorted scream of agony.
" I'm so sorry!"said Dean in horror as guilt washed over him. His stomach lurched and he turned to the near by trash can and puked. His whole body was trembling. Everything hurt so much. Even thinking hurt.
to protect him. You're pathetic". It glared down at Dean and then asked "Are those fucking unicorns?" Both men looked down again.
"Ogham (OH-am) is an ancient alphabet used to write Old Irish and other Brythonic/Brittonic languages (such as Pictish, Welsh) from about the 3rd century CE. The Ogham alphabet is sometimes called the 'Celtic Tree Alphabet' as each letter is assigned a tree or plant name"
" They're Claire's," Alex said helpfully, "She bought them online." She only grinned wider when Claire glared at her.
Sam ignored the accusation and made one of his own; "Yeah, well maybe if you hadn't antagonised them we could have ..."
“Worse than I thought” admitted Sam. “We will be here till Yule according to Castiel, that is if the Lady of the house allows us to remain here”.
Dean checked them in and Sam grabbed their gear from the trunk. He met Dean in front of the elevator and they took it up to the fifth floor.
“Shut it”, replied Dean while rolling his eyes. “Baby is still a better name than Bones”, he muttered as he returned to taking care of his filly.
Claire poked around Sam's room. It wasn't what she was expecting. There was nothing to indicate that it belonged to him other than his never ending selection of flannels with a couple of cheap suits hanging in the open closet and his lap top sitting on the desk . The rest of the room was bare.
Dean was shaken out of his shock when he heard them talking about him. He needed to do something or else he was as good as dead...He began laughing.
The hair on the back of his neck stood up and Sam turned quickly. Out of the corner of his eye, he swore he saw a figure disappear into the hedges that lined the pathway to the lake. Shivering in the cool morning air Sam, grabbed the closest weapon he could find and slowly made his way down the path.
Jody and Rowena were staring stubbornly at one another. Both women had their arms crossed and the tension was palatable.
There was a shout of surprise and then the sounds of grunts and flesh hitting flesh. Something struck the floor and rolled across it. More dust fell and the fighting became more intense. Dean couldn’t hear anything over the sound of his own coughing.
Cas began to relax his grip but then he tightened it again, ”You could have tried to make it look like something else had done it!”
The sun was all but gone and he knew more vampires would be closing in-drawn by the scent of the wounded and the newly dead. He needed to find shelter. Now. “Sammy?!” He called in a mixture of frustration and fear.
" Right" said Jody helping him thread his arms through the sleeves one at a time. " Stay here ; I'll be right back." She left the room before Dean could say anything else.
"I really don't know, man! Everything for the past few weeks is just gone! Yeah. Three? Shit. Okay. Yeah. I'll tell her. And Jody? I'm sorry about...but..." Dean stared down at his back up phone.Jody had already hung up on him. "Son of a bitch!" He shouted and threw it across the room. Narrowly missing Claire in the process.
" Hey! No need to drag Dad into this!" Gabriel said and glanced over at the girls who were  comparing pictures. "Send me copies will ya?"He winked and stepped forward, fingers outstretched towards Claire but she backed away from him, almost tripping over her own feet in the process.
“Out of the two of us, I am the best hunter! You know I am! Hell, I killed one of those sons of bitches with one hand tied behind my back! Literally! Remember back in Lawrence?”
Dean also got to his feet and said “Yes! That was the best chicken I’ve tasted in my life! Thank you both for a lovely evening. We’re going to turn in now, as dawn arrives faster than I would like it to”.
" Oh, aye. They're nasty buggers. I stay clear of them as much as possible. They're not the cute things with butterfly wings that the Victorian's dreamed up- thought that was a brilliant bit of marketing on their part, I must say!" She chuckled then shook her head and became serious once more " If it's one of the fae that has our boy-o in it's sights I'm not sure you
The guards were getting closer. Dean threw himself against the door. It swung inwards and Dean once again found himself sprawled out on the ground. Pain exploded in his chest and head. Biting back a scream Dean barely manages to get up and slam the door shut.
Jody shook her head " I wasn't apologising, Rowena. I was going to let you know that I won't stop her and I'll get rid of your body myself".
"Fairies are often linked with the dead. Especially in Irish lore. In fact, they became demonised by the Christian church, they were the ones who sided with Luicifur during the rebellion and God flung them out of heaven..."
The door buckled and began to splinter. Claire dragged Dean further into the room. Then she wedged the bed against the chair and the dresser so it was once again flush with the door.
“That...that is just terrible.” Dean stuttered. He cursed silently to himself and tried to get up on his own but between the pain in his ribs and his leg still being busted up he could not so much as stand on his own. “Dammit!” he exclaimed aloud and fell back hard into the chaise.
Both Sam and Meg glanced up to see a dark-haired man of slender build frowning down at them from the front staircase of the house, beside him stood a much smaller man with light brown hair streaked with blonde mirroring the bigger man’s stance.
Both Alex and Donna sent her text messages to check in and make sure Jody herself was okay. She let another hour go by before checking her phone again. Still no word from Claire or Dean for that matter.
The truck came barrelling down the street and swerved to a halt on the lawn.Dean watched as Alex flung the  drivers side door open and stood on the rocker panel; gun already in hand and took aim.
Dean rolled his eyes and then crossed back towards Castiel. Gabriel looked at Sam questioningly but the taller man just indicated that he should follow Dean. Leery, Gabriel took a seat by the fireside and waited for Dean to start.
Gabriel winced wondering how she had gotten them. Meanwhile, Deans whole body looked broken, in fact, the hunter was leaning heavily on Alex now. The raven haired beauty was okay as far as Gabriel could tell; she  just looked exhausted with dark circles under her eyes and a little fearful as Deans big frame was starting to slump onto her, the hunter was clearly about to pass out.
A few seconds later Charlie stumbled out of the crypt. Blood dripping down her face. “Help me?” she gasped before passing out. Sam just managed to grab her before she hit the ground. “Charlie? Charlie, wake up!” Sam pleaded while softly shaking the unconscious woman. The maid remained unresponsive.
am going to try an get him back to our plane before his body gives out!" She looked at Jody and set her mouth in a grim line. " Fer a price of course"
The fairy wasn't listening to Jody. Her attention focused on something to the right of the circle. "You must hurry! They are coming!"
He swung the door open and stepped inside. Gently he placed a palm on the man’s forehead while the other hand gently grasped his wrist. The man was clearly running a fever and his heart rate was elevated as was his breathing. He carefully did a visual exam and saw that the man had strange markings on his neck as if he had been bit by an animal-they were puckered and red.
“I can not say” replied Sam honestly, wincing as he stood. Whatever or whoever it was had knocked him into a headstone and Sam had struck his funny bone on it. The sound of someone coughing had both men quickly turning into defensive stances.
Closing his eyes, Dean braced himself and yanked as hard as he could with his good hand just as it bobbed him upwards and back down again.
"One of what?" The man asked coyly.  " Tsk tsk, blondie. I wouldn't do that if I were you". The man turned his head to look at her. Pinning her with his gaze.Donna drew her hand back, her brown eyes wide with fear.
" Here" she handed him a couple of pain meds that Alex had given her " Alex says they're the good stuff."
Then she heard it again. This time she could see a shivering silver light between the trees just ahead. She ran. When she finally reached it she came to an abrupt stop.
Sam knew he was gaping. He was pretty sure his mouth was hanging open like some slack jawed yokel stero-type.  He couldn't help it. He suspected that there had been more between Dean and the angel besides friendship for years now but it was still a shock. He immedately wondered if that was what Cas had been implying each time he referred to his "profound bond" with his brother...
" God, you're pitiful" Claire exclaims while rolling her eyes. "Here". She hands him the beer that Dean hadn't, up to this point, noticed in her hand.
Claire scoffed at him. "I don't want to. Sure, it sucks but saving people", she paused to find the right words, "...it's meaningful. Plus, I'm not cut out for some stuffy nine to five bullshit", she yawned.
"Don't flatter yourself," said Dean while trying to remain calm. " I only came to get my brother and the angel"
" Shit!" Gabriel muttered and snapped his fingers, bringing the group inside of Donna's house. "Wanna explain why you have a hoard of demons on your ass?", demanded Gabriel but Dean wasn't paying attention to him, his eyes were locked on the swiftly growing cloud outside.
"You look like shit" repeated Dean weakly. "Seriously, that meat suit is one fugly looking gym rat".
"Give the man er demon a cookie!" Gabe quipped. "Colour me impressed! I thought it would take you longer to figure it out."
Glancing around Alex realised that they were standing beneath a street light in front of Donna's house. "Holy shit", she whispered. Claire turned her back to the group, her gaze scanning for possible threats.
Gabriel lost all the colour in his cheeks his  face grew grim as he spoke; "I need to talk to him" with that the angel disappeared with a gentle whoosh of feathers.
“Help me get her inside!” commanded Sam. Together the two men struggled with Missouri but eventually, they managed to bring her into the house where she was handed off to Dean who had been in the kitchen peeling vegetables for the evening meal.
The maid chatted with him as they ascended, she was surprisingly intelligent given her station and Sam found her charming. As they spoke Sam became giddy when he discovered that they both shared a fondness for the works of Lydia Sigourney and Edgar Allan Poe. Though Dean did read, he was not the type to sit and discuss literary works and it was something that Sam dearly loved to do.
A chorus of laughter erupts and Donna holds her gun up and turns slowly looking for the source.   Starting to back up she startles herself by hitting a solid wall.
Grabbing the rope she tied one end to the foot of the bed and paused to toss some holy water through the widening gap in the door. The cries of rage from the other side told her there was at least six demons.
After a while the river began to slow and eventually became smaller in both width and depth. A little further down he could see it dropped off into a waterfall.
“Well then I guess you will be eating naked tonight” she chuckled at him while giving him an appreciative look. Her voice was deep and husky and Dean wanted to hear her laugh, certain that it would be as
" Jody, you kinky little minx. Never saw that one coming," Dean thought to himself.  Then he wondered what other surprises the sheriff had up her sleeve. It took a light slap on the arm to bring his focus back to Claire.
Dean felt all the anger drain out of him and  guilt took it's place. He pulled Sam into a fierce hug. Clearing his throat, he apologised to Sam.
“Yeah, well,... you are not wrong,” said Dean as he struggled to find something to say back to the insult.
The rope burned through his already damaged skin as it suddenly snapped them back up and then swung them against the side of the house hard. Screaming in pain as his broken arm took the brunt of the impact Dean dropped Claire.
An owl suddenly cried out and flew so close to Dean's head that he instinctively ducked. The revolver slipped from his hand and landed with a heavy thunk onto the forest floor.
“Once a vampire has your scent, they have it for the rest of your life...” began Sam but Dean cut him off.
“Right,” agreed Sam “Such as nobody going anywhere or doing anything alone. From what we can tell, these things are like animals, they tend to attack when someone is on their own. Vulnerable. Easy prey as it were.”
He was back on the rack in Hell. Alistair was skinning him alive. Unimaginable pain was baring down on him. He passed out only to be cruelly brought back by the snapping of his bones. Then the demon was groping him. Pointed tongue lapping and biting at his wounds, down over his hip bone and then...
Charlie (he was quickly given permission to call her by her nickname), was a woman of science, and once again Sam was excited to find a kindred spirit with whom he could debate about the validity of the spectral analysis and how it would impact their understanding of chemistry and the elements of the celestial planets.
Water filled his lungs and he began to choke. Desperately he clawed towards the surface. The current swept him further down river and into another large rock. Dean clung to it, using it to help move himself upwards.
"You want me to ask Cas if he's a fairy?" Dean asked "Sure. I'll get right on that. Hey, while I do that how about you go fuck yourself?"
Exhausted Dean dragged himself onto the shore far enough not to be taken by the current again, certain he was relatively safe he  allowed himself to pass out.
After a while Dean pulled away. His face flushed and eyes puffy. He took a tissue and blew loudly. Making him gasp from the sudden agony in his ribs and back. " S'rry" he whispered clearly embarrassed.
" Get your filthy paws off of me before I break them off" snapped Dean as he tried to step away but Alastair held onto him firmly. Mind racing Dean tried to figure out a way to escape. Alastair's hand slid down the front of Deans pants and began stroking.
He barely managed to grab some air before the current plunged him under again. This time he was slammed against a rock. His already injured ribs broke upon impact. Dean screamed in pain.
“Yes”, nodded Sam, unsure how to handle the situation. The woman was very tiny compared to the six-foot-five man but she somehow carried herself in such a way that Sam felt like he was the smaller one in comparison. They walked closer to the house in awkward silence
Soon his examination was complete. Dean had possibly cracked a couple of his ribs, his tailbone was most certainly bruised and his right leg had been broken in a couple of places. It would be months before he would be well enough to travel if he survived his infection that was currently raging through his battered body.
The angel clapped his hands, making Claire jump. "Right! So, our cauldron is special for two reasons, firstly it can create a never ending all you can eat buffet. Which comes in handy if crops are poor or you have more guests for dinner than expected. And secondly, it can bring the dead back to life. If you're engaged in war that cauldron becomes a mighty weapon. A never ending army and the means to sustain them".
That night Dean finally beat Cas at a game of chess and he was in the middle of a victory speech when he spotted Pamela staring at him from the front window.
“Sssh,” Sam instructed and lifted a metal cup to his chapped lips. "Rest Dean. We’re going to be all right”.
As he walked his thoughts drifted to Pamela and he couldn’t help but wonder what she meant by her letter. Had she figured out that he and Sam were deserters from the Union Army? Was she going to turn them in? How was he supposed to explain to her that they left one war to fight another? That devils and monsters were real and it was most likely a vampire that killed her recently departed husband?
"I said you promised to show me how to create an electronic mail address" repeated Cas, his gravelly voice strained.
" Just Donna? If you wanted a peek, Jody, all you have to do is ask. " joked Dean half heartedly as he dumped the clothes onto the bed. A pair of  plaid pajama pants and a long sleeve henley spilled out along with a pair of  slip on shoes. " These aren't clothes, Jody. These are pajamas. I'm not going out there in pajamas!"
Donna pulled up next to the impala and got out of her truck. She did a quick sweep of the parking lot but could only see two other cars parked at the opposite end closer to the beginning of the hiking trails.
Sam grabbed his shoulder and they ran to the nearby carriage house. Pounding on the door they were surprised to find it swing open. Too scared of the storm neither stopped to clear the area of possible dangers. Instead, they dashed inside and immediately began looking for a safe spot to wait out the storm.
"Mike! I am so sorry to have kept you waiting! " Jody jumped up to take the Fire Marshal's offered hand. "I have no excuse..."
Dean blinked against the darkness. He couldn’t tell how long he had been out, only that it was not for long as the kid was still on the front step of the Barnes homestead. Wincing he sat up. As the world spun around him he noticed that there were two more small figures joining the first. Black spots were dancing and his head hurt so damn much that it was having trouble focusing...
I hope you're enjoying the story thus far!  With a little help from a friend, Dean is going to be up and about soon! ;)
Claire lowered her gun and gave Dean a fearful look before leaving. Jody watched her go then turned back to Rowena. " About what Claire said..."
The sound of squealing tires followed by the growl of a diesel engine announced the arrival of a truck before Dean could even see it.
" I was hoping you'd play hard to get" smiled Alistair as he slid the knife along Dean's collar bone, drawing blood in it's wake. " Are the scars I gave you still visible, Dean?"
" I know you're lying! You can tell me Dean! I'm eleven, I'm not a baby! I can handle it!" His hazel eyes pleading up at you. " Just tell me, please?"
Snapping to attention Jody grabbed the branch once more and crossed to the circle. Donna was now covered in silver threads from head to toe.
“Well, that was unexpected” Cas announced and sent Dean into a fit of laughter. Cas looked at him in surprise and then joined in.
The archangel was back in front of the dam once more. "Well that sucked" he muttered dropping the memory at his feet before reaching for another.
" I was eleven the first time it happened to me." She stated flatly while smoothing the cloth across his brow. "Just after my grandma died and I was put in foster care. He was a sick bastard. He liked to..." She took a deep breath, aware of Dean's sudden laser focus on her face, "He would set up a camera and tape what he did...what he made me do..." She swallowed "And then make me watch it with him and some of the other kids that lived there."
“Yes, little brother?” grinned Gabriel as he noticed that Sam was blushing and looking rather flustered from his attention.
Dean opened one eye and watched the nurse stride out of his room. He waited until the tenth Missippi before hauling the iv out of his hand and pulling the heart monitor wires off.   "Son of a bitch!" He exclaimed as a sharp burning pain erupted within his chest. Breathing hurt. Everything hurt.
Gabriel stood there among the discarded memories and shook. The man who beat the shit out of Dean as a kid was the same form Alistair had taken to beat Dean as an adult. He reached out a trembling hand and picked up another memory.
“Vampires?” repeated Gabriel with a mirthless chuckle, “Yeah...sure...Vampires took a bite out of you and then decided they would prefer some liquid bacon instead”.
"Find what? Cas? What am I supposed to find?"demanded Dean. "Is Sam okay? I don't understand what's happening! I got hurt. Can't remember what..."
Startled he grabbed his cane and hobbled outside as fast as he could manage but she was gone by the time he got out onto the front step. The most disturbing part however was that there was no step under the front window...which was a good seven feet above the ground. Which meant, not even Sam could look into the window let alone be seen from the waist up.
In  what seemed like eons instead of minutes she finally found him.  Rushing into the room she watched as his skin tore open from an invisible blade. Blood gushed out of the wound while a pink froth poured from between his lips as he made choking sounds.
Jody took a half step closer to him. " We don't know. I tried doing the angel/prayer thing that you do but he didn't answer. "
Claire immediately turned him onto his side watching as more bloody froth spilled out onto his pillow. "Don't you dare die on me! You hear me Hasselhoff?"
She ducked as it swung its meaty hand at her. They danced for a few minutes, circling one another;  each landing a few punches.  Out of the corner of her eye Claire saw movement. The distraction was all the demon needed.
Both women sat in shock while the deputy shuffled his weight back and forth nervously. "Awful glad to see you're all right Sheriff!" He blurted and his blush deepened from pink to red.
“It is alright Samuel, I foresaw this. You and your brother have a destiny much bigger than mine. You need to let me go. There is someone who needs you to save them more than I do. Both you and Dean have a hard road ahead. I will be there to guide you when you need me. The Dakota Territory-near Sioux Falls. Go!” she unlatched his fingers and smiled as she was dragged back against the large man. She continued to smile and whispered something even as the creature bit into her neck.
"Snap out of it, Sherif! Dean needs our help and he needs it now!" The petite red head turned on her heel and walked over to Dean. She ran her hands over his body without touching him. Her face getting more grim as she went. "He's gone back! Damn him and his bloody numpty giant of a brother too!"
Distracted by his thoughts, Dean didn’t hear the soft footfalls behind him until it was too late, before he could turn around he felt the searing white pain on the back of his head before the world became dark.
The maid only nodded her head and did not ask him any questions. Gabriel gave her a wink and disappeared out into the driving snow.
“Not bad big guy,” said Gabe, making Sam look up the gentle slope where the smaller man stood leaning against an old stone and wrought iron gazebo.
She tried calling Claire but only got the autoresponse from the phone company telling her that the phone was shut off. The same happened when she tried all three of Dean's numbers.
The door swung open and a tall man with a grim expression entered. "Jody" he greeted her and stuck his hand out.
Before the fight could escalate there was a soft rumbling followed by a blast of bright white light. Both brothers turned away from it instinctively. Once the light faded they spoke at the same time.
Sam returned to the scene of the crime but could find nothing of help. Shaking his head he went in search of a shovel.
Sighing, Sam hauled back and clocked Dean in the chin, knocking his older brother out with the force of his blow. Dean crumpled to the floor. Shaking his hand in pain, Sam sighed resignedly. “We better get a move on before he wakes up”. That said, Sam strode out of the room.
Donna shook her head "I'm fine. You go do your adulting and I'll do mine" said Donna. This time her smile reached her eyes.
Jody wanted to argue but Dean screamed and his body started to flail. The sickening sound of bone breaking quickly followed and to her horror she watched Dean's right ulna eruptted through his skin and poked through the sleeve of his shirt. " Yes! Whatever! Help him!" She cried.
Claire exchanged a look with Alex and without being told the girls ran to fetch bags of salt from the front closet and began making salt lines. Claire taking care of the main floor while Alex ran upstairs to line the windows and the back patio door.
Retracing her steps Jody moved closer to the object. There wedged between two rocks was a metal six pointed star. Fingers shaking she lifted up and turned it over.
Before he could turn  around something slammed into the middle of his back causing him to fall against the tree trunk. He hit his head hard.
"I will. Just need to figure out who's on the other side with our boy here." Gabriel strolled over, moved Claire aside and placed a hand onto Dean's forehead. The archangel's eyes changed to a bright glowing blue.
"We still got seven hours to go. I need you sharp. Last time we tangled with fairies we barely managed a win. So, quit being you and grab some sleep all right?"
Jody hung up her phone and rubbed her temples. Her headache was creeping closer to becoming a friggin' migraine.
Jody gave the Desk Sergeant a nod but didn't stop for the usual quick chat. She didn't want to keep the Fire Marshal waiting. With hurried strides she made her way to her office, ignoring the sudden silence as she moved through the small bull pen.
"Damn it", she said aloud and then she noticed the same drag marks and blood splattered rocks that Donna had inspected earlier. She took her phone out of her pocket to call Claire but she couldn't get a signal.
Sam smiled as Cas used one of Dean’s expressions. It seemed their time spent together was having an influence on the studious man. Which reminded him that maybe it was not the best idea to leave his brother alone with Gabriel. “We should go check in with Gabriel and Dean. I think it is a bad idea to leave those two alone together for too long.”
“So, you think something waited out here to kill Joshua after they had feasted on the pigs? Why?” puzzled Dean as he looked between Cas and the corpse.
"Oh yeah, you betcha!" Agreed Donna moving forward to hug Jody. "I'll check in with ya later", she said before letting go.
He took aim again and this time managed a gut shot. "You go! I'll stay and hold 'em back!" He feebly pushed her towards the window.
Meanwhile, Sam and Gabriel were nearing the far corner of the family plot when Sam spotted one of the crypt doors hanging slightly off its hinges.
"Canada? Seriously?" Jody frowned. "If I were to run away it'd be a place with white sandy beaches and no freakin' snow".
Claire fought back the urge to pull away. "Not your fault " she shrugged. "I just thought you should know that I understand and if you need to talk. I'm here if need me and I don't hate you Dean",her voice trailed off while blinking back the tears that wanted to fall. "Not anymore." He let her wrist go and she was surprised that she meant what she said.
Sam meanwhile, was not only patrolling the grounds at night but was also helping Joshua with the livestock and repairs that the manor was desperately in need of. While he was cleaning out the pigsty he thought he glimpsed Pamela but by the time he had run to the spot where he had seen her she was gone. Chalking it up to his exhaustion, Sam dismissed it and returned to his chores.
" Nowhere you'll ever find it", smirked Dean. He had no clue what cauldron everyone was talking about but if Alistair wanted it, it couldn't be a good thing.
Green eyes stared pleadingly into blue ones. Finally, Cas nodded and released Dean before turning to look at Sam. “So, it was vampires that killed the pigs...the chickens and the dog too?”
Heart racing Dean blinked and lowered his raised arms. Looking around in confusion he realised he wasn't in the forest. He was in a hospital room.
Sam ignored him and proceeded to remove the horse's tack after settling him into an empty stall. Dean narrowed his eyes and since the stall was empty next to the one Sam took, he led Baby into it and began to do the same, carefully rubbing her down, after removing her saddle.
Alistair angrily begins chanting the angelic version of an exorcism, hand pressed against Gabriel's throat.  "
“I would not worry too much about that. Meg can be cold at times but she would not turn you out. I can assure you that your brother will be well taken care of...as for what you can do to help...I may have a few ideas” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows and Sam felt both dread and amusement simultaneously. “Follow me oh tall one”.
The demon paused, noting the way Dean was trembling and using the door frame to hold himself up, his face covered in sweat from the effort. A wide malicious grin spread across it's face. "Alistair sends his regards".
Using both hands Dean held onto Cas’s arm that was pinning him against the wall. “Cas- you know I could not have done this! Think! You said Joshua has only been dead for a few hours...that whatever killed him was different than what killed the pigs!” He sighed when the man squinted his eyes at him but said nothing, so Dean continued to explain “If it was a vampire that killed the pigs... and bit me...then how could I have also killed Joshua? You said yourself it was something different!”
Sensing it was time to leave, Sam gave Dean a look, then stood. “Well, we are happy to help! Especially, if it means more meals like the one we just had! You sure can cook Mrs. Barnes!”
"Are you okay with that?," he asked then quickly added some clarification to his question "The non definitiveness?"
Claire found the expected bottle of holy water, ammo and salt but to her surprise there was some silky red rope sitting on the top shelf.
"Right," agreed Dean as he cleared his throat, "So what's the deal with this thing? It magical or something?"
“Personally? I think they are playing with us much like a cat does with a mouse before it finishes the job,” answered Dean as he looked over the dead at his feet then returned his gaze to Castiel’s” Trying to scare us before the final blow”.
"The Jody Mills I know would never destroy one of the last things she has to remember her family by. Leave all those precious momentos  of her child  and husband behind for the flames to turn to ash? Nah. I don't think so,"  Mike said apologetically  while pulling his digital recorder out of his pocket.  "But I have a job to do..."
He doubled back and as he passed his former cell he noticed something in the shadows. There was a second set of stairs!
“Okay! That is more than anyone needs to know!” said Dean. “Look! It is snowing harder!” Dean clapped his hands and moved to look out the large window that also served as a means to exit onto a balcony. The black ironwork stood in stark contrast to the white snow the swirled about the grey skies.
“Children! The two of you are no better than children!” exclaimed Castiel while throwing his arms up in the air in annoyance.
"Yeah, okay." Dean nodded. He bent down to remove the pen knife he kept hidden in his boot. Luckily for him the fairies hadn't found it when they searched them. "Ready?"
“Money. Power. Family obligations. The usual” replied Gabe as he looked up at the overcast sky, a hint of sadness in his voice. “Cassie is the youngest of us. Both Michael and Lucifer are committed bachelors, Raphael is unfit to run our father’s new empire...Balthazar is... well he is Balthazar, he would have our fortune spent on whores and liqueur faster than a sailor on shore leave. Our sister Anna is too headstrong for a woman and thus is unable to find a suitable husband...”
The wagon came to a jarring stop and Dean nearly fell out as it tipped on its side. Luckily for him, it righted itself and he quickly crawled out of it and moved to help Sam unhitch the horses. Baby bolted the second she was released from the breeching. Bones wasn’t far behind her and Dean felt saddened as they disappeared from view. A small branch hit him square in the back and he cursed at the sudden pain as he doubled over.
Moonbeams filtered through the tree branches above giving the dark forest little pools of silver light.
" Help me roll him" said Alex once she was certain they had taken care of everything on Dean's front side.
"Your girl should have aimed better" it sneered at him." Hey boys! Who wants to play with the Winchester piñata?
Alistair steps back with a frown. He stares down at Gabriel trying to puzzle out what just happened.
“So, we have two different killers. That is just fantastic” grunted Dean as he helped Cas to his feet. While he moved his jacket and shirt shifted exposing his still healing neck.
Sam mumbled a reply while ducking down to clean the back hoof of the dapple. Dean left Baby and walked around to stand over his baby brother.
Sam snorted. "Yeah. I'm very aware of Dean's issues". Unlike either Winchester brother, Cas was unable to mask his emotions. The pain in the angels eyes was plain to see and it pissed him off. Dean could be such a clueless jerk when it came to hurting those he cared about most.
Nothing but a  deep crater and chunks of motor and wood splinters was left as evidence that a structure once sat on the property.
Dean kept eye contact with Alistair but didn't say a word, just curled his lip in defiance. He bit back the scream as Alistair cut open his shirt and then his skin.
" Alex, you're sure nothing followed you back from the hospital?" asked Claire as she bit her thumb nail. Her gaze flicked down at the tattered and bloody rag that had been Dean's shirt then back up to watch Alex as she treated his broken ulna.
When he woke he was surrounded by inky darkness. Something felt off. Heart racing he slowly turned and came face to face with Castiel.
" Oh my! That's adorable! You almost sounded like him!" Rowena laughed in delight and bent down to root around in her bag.
Frustrated Dean kicked the door harder. A few rocks shook loose but the door itself held firm. "Son of a bitch!"
They both cringed as Alex reset the bone in place and then proceeded to stitch the area where the bone had protruded through his skin. Dean whimpered but his eyes remained closed.
"Why don't you grab some shut eye", Dean suggested giving him a side eyed look. His brow was furrowed a bit, which meant Dean was concerned.
Dean chose this moment to glance behind them and saw a funnel-shaped cloud touch the ground in the near distance. “Sammy!” he called out, the younger Winchester looked back and his hazel eyes widened.
" I didn't raise you to be a fucking cry baby! " His fist connected with Deans jaw. " Where is Sam?"
Dean frowned and followed his brother, Baby in tow. “How long did you promise we would stay here?” He knew his brother was a sucker for women in distress and a new widow with no one to help with bringing in the crops aside from her and her senior father-in-law is not something Samuel William Winchester would turn his back on.
Jody let out a groan and rested her head on her desk. "I'm playing the shittiest game of marco- polo ever", she whined. Taking a moment to rest her eyes she tried thinking of a calm blue ocean to calm herself.
Sam was struck speechless again as he realised that his brothers moans and the thumping noises that had come from his room a few hours earlier were not from anger and breaking things.
Gabriel came running in at the sound of the woman’s hysterical crying. “What in the name of...” he exclaimed as he took in the carnage surrounding them in horror.
A young red-haired maid entered the room and gave a quick curtsy. “Lady Meg has requested that Sir Castiel meet her in the library. I am to show the Winchester brother’s to their room?”
Eyes sweeping the room Dean found a bulky wooden table which he pushed up against the door. He then placed some crates and a very heavy candelabra on-top of  it.
They were standing so close that Dean could feel Cas’s breath on his face. Slowly he lifted his hand and brushed Cas’s hair off his forehead. It was soft under his fingertips and he wondered what it would be like to fist his hands in it.
The next few days were tense at the manor. What started out as a simple snowfall quickly turned into a full-on storm. The Winchesters stuck to their room when they weren’t helping with the chores. Neither wished to bump into the unpleasant visage of Fergus McLeod.
The sound of a twig snapping has her spinning around to look into the woods. "Police! Show yourself!", she commanded but the forest had fallen silent once more.
“I am not that old!” huffed Dean before looking up at a very disheveled and panting Sam. “Thanks, Sammy”.
"Seriously?" huffed Claire, "To make the world less shitty". Gabriel's expression told her he wasn't buying it. Clenching her hands into fists , Claire explained further, "I need to ensure what happened to me doesn't happen to someone else!"  Claire stood up and began pacing "Angels sure as fuck don't care. Chuck? Chuck is just a dead beat dad who refuses to take responsibility! So, that leaves those of us who know monsters are real to protect those who don't! If that means some kid doesn't have to grow up before it should or a parent gets to go home to their family in one piece instead of a box? I'd call that pretty damn important!"
Both brothers immediately stopped playing to look up. There stood the young Mrs. Barnes. Her dark hair was slipping from its elaborate braids and her blue eyes were sparkling with mischief. “Dinner is ready. I do hope you boys brought a change of clothes with you. These ones need cleaning and mending.”
" So, you're saying Dean had astroprojected himself into this secret lair of Alastair's?"said Claire in confusion.
The ground beneath them gave way and for the third time that day Dean went tumbling through the air. He struck the side of the cliff then a large boulder which he was pretty sure he cart wheeled off of ; only to land in the puddle that was the bottom of the fall.
Claire put the safety back on and shoved her gun into the back of her jeans. Hooking her arms under Deans she struggled to drag him back into the bedroom. "You gotta stop eating cheeseburgers old man", she whined "God ,you're so fucking heavy!".
“Think it was the vamps?” asked Dean, his jaw clenching as he thought about the danger his brother had been in while he had been lost in ecstasy with Castiel.
"You're kidding, right? Dean-o never mentioned me? Sam? I'm the one who killed Dean like a hundred times in a bunch of hilarious different ways. Even had a piano fall on his head like in Loony Toons! You shoulda seen Sams face! Priceless!" He laughed to himself.
Dean cried out as he was jerked by the rope again. Looking up he saw the toothy demon in the window trying to pull him back up.
"Ow!"  He growled and shook his head. Turning with murderous intentions.Then he looked up to see Claire's pale terrified face staring at him. All the rage  drained out of him and all Dean felt now was pure exhaustion. "Sorry" he mumbled and left to go to his room.
A nurse came rushing into the room and shooed the women out. That was the last thing he saw before passing out.
"That's the million dollar question, baby cakes. Only Dean-o can answer that" Gabriel nodded at Dean. Dean just shrugged.
Grinning to himself, Dean decided that he should do a perimeter check. He grabbed the salt and made a line around his brother's sleeping form and then added some to his pocket before slipping outside with the ax.
Someone was talking to him.The hot blonde woman who had given him his first drink, quickly followed by three more. He tried to concentrate on what she was saying but he couldn't hear her over the screaming coming from the stage. She pressed herself against him and kissed him.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow at her while asking "You done?". Still peeved, Claire flips him the bird and resumes her pacing.
Jody glanced up at him and then tore her gaze away so he wouldn't see her amusement at his sudden shyness.  She lifted the pants up as far as the tops of his knees and then stood and turned around to give Dean some privacy.
Sam scratched the back of his neck. “We were on our way to see our Uncle Bobby when we were first attacked. A rest from the road would be much appreciated, thank you”.
"Cas has to be down here somewhere" Dean said, still panting heavily. "You go check out this one and I'll get the next one up".
When she pulled away she gave him a pat on the cheek and spoke directly into his ear. "Nothing's free handsome. Time to pay for your drinks"; she nudged him forward to another set of waiting arms.
Suddenly she found herself sitting up, gun in hand ready to shoot. As her eyes focused in the dim desk light she heard an anguished cry, it must have been what woke her up. Another one quickly followed.
Crap. How was he going to explain Sam? “Oh. Yeah. Sammy has trouble sleeping so he tends to go for walks. Helps, settle that big brain of his”, Dean lied. “Why are you awake at this hour?”
“Yeah”, agreed Dean with a huge grin on his face and he pulled Cas closer to him, the other man smiled and snuggled into Dean’s side. They laid there in companionable silence before drifting off to sleep.
Her eyes were the same vivid blue as Castiel's. Claire. Her name is Claire. She's the daughter of Cas' vessel- Jimmy Novak ,Dean reminds himself. "Hi, Claire" he rasped. God he needed more water or even better some booze.
Jody didn't miss the edge of fear in the witches voice. " How do we gank one?", she asked while chewing on her bottom lip in contemplation.
"Yeah, well it's five o'clock somewhere" Dean retorts and he and Claire clink their bottles in solidarity.
Distracted by Sam, Dean didn't see the closest guard kick out . Suddenly,  Dean was flying backwards and tumbling down the stairs.  He landed hard at the very bottom, the lower half of his body still on the stairs while his upper half hit the floor.
Finally, they pulled apart and Dean saw that while they had been kissing, big fat flakes of snow had begun to fall. He smiled and looked down at Cas who was smiling even wider and trying to catch the flakes on his tongue. They laughed at one another.
“I am just teasing you, child,” the woman said as she stood, her smile soft at Dean’s flustered one “Would you like a cup?”
"She's part of my family. Tell me how to get her back or I will shoot you" Jody let go of the tree branch and lifted her gun.
“Ah, thank you, Charlie. I think I will see these britches for myself” Gabriel winked at the maid and gave Sam a mock bow before he too left the room.
“No! No, not at all. I was ah...” he had to clear his throat before he could continue to talk “...awake”
“Joshua?” she cried kneeling down beside his prone form. “Joshua! You wake up now! Please?! Please wake up!”
"Hey, you two just gonna sit there yammering like a couple of old biddies or are we going?" Dean shouted across the dinner making both Sam and Cas wince with embarrassment as people stared at them.
Donna shook her head; switching into her Sheriff role and sliding out of Jody's truck at the same time."Any casualties," she asked as she walked towards her property.
" Um," Peterson cleared his throat and pulled out his notebook to read off of,"Well, at oh four-hundred witnesses claim a huge storm cloud appeared full of ah "red lightining" and "black smoke". The deputy was too busy looking down to notice the side glance the women exchanged as he continued " At aproximently oh-four-hundred and fifteen minutes a hurricane force wind tore apart some of the house tops before a blinding pillar of white light exploded from, well, from what was your residence Sheriff."
Jody looked up to see Donna holding out a steaming cup of coffee. "You're my hero!" Taking the paper cup she took a sip and then let out an appreciative moan. It was damn good  coffee. After a few more mouthfuls she took stock of her friends demeanor. "How you holding up?"
Rowena blinked in surprise but gave a little smug smile. "All right then, soon as the welp gets back with my things I'll start the spell"
“You got an eyeful of my brother’s fiance being a little too friendly with the help?” Gabriel grinned widely and Sam couldn’t help but smile back at him.
The front door opened and Sam stepped out, hat in hand thanking a pretty dark-haired girl before returning to Dean’s side.
“Bobby’s?! What the hell Sam?! We cannot bring these things to Bobby’s!” Dean was suddenly terrified. He couldn’t lose Bobby too. Not now. He was the only thing they had left aside from each other.
" She's right" agreed Jody. " Bobby told me about his trips across the veil. Neither he nor Sam have done it without someone helping them"
Cas whipped around to see that the younger brother was standing behind him, concern etched all over his handsome face. “He has an infection. I am uncertain what else may be wrong with him as his clothes are hiding other injures. Will you help me undress him?”
"Seriously blondie, you're killing me here!" Gabriel stares unabashedly at her. Donna blushes and takes the candy out of her mouth.
Dean blinked back his own tears. "Seven" he said after a long pause. He only glanced up at her before focusing on pulling a loose string on the blanket.
and after a few minutes he found a giant dam. It was buckling in the middle and had a several spots where memories were trickling out sporadically.
" I can't stay here, Jody. I hate hospitals" explained Dean as he stood up. Blinding pain filled his head and he cried out. " What the hell is wrong with me?"
Claire moved slowly into the hallway, listening keenly. There were small popping sounds combined with crackling...the scent of smoke in the air.
Gabriel opened his mouth to say something scathing but Cas cut him off before he could “There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt in your philosophy.”
Sam frowned, recognizing the expression of self-blame on his older brother’s face. “Dean, I could not say if it was or not in all honesty. It moved too fast for me to see what it was!”
https://www.presspubs.com/fairy-falls-part-of-indian-legend-of-love-gone-awry/article_4e30ae32-ab98-51bc-9b7a-dea6deda6666.html
Some of the lights shone brighter than others, those were the most recent while the ones that barely glowed were the oldest. Gabriel ignored them. He was looking for something specific.
" Of me or what you want me to do to you?" Alastair asked as his arm snaked around Deans waist and pulled him back against himself and his semi erection.
had been the one to do it. "What do you want?" She demanded, crossing to her desk where she had a flask of holy water and a gun loaded with salt rounds taped to the underside.
The door opens and a young blonde strolls in and stares at him from the foot of the bed. She crosses her arms and gives him the once over with smirk. "About time you were up, Sleeping Beauty."
"Oh" replied Cas, "That seems like an unnecessary social custom to observe on my account" he continued with a tilt of his head that made Dean toss his hands up.
The room was a lot bigger than he had expected and was grateful for it. The decor was dated and worn but looked clean. He tossed his duffle onto his bed and took his laptop out along with his phone charger.
“That..that is not true, we have another set in our saddlebags” Sam quickly tried to reassure the woman, throwing his brother a dirty look.
Annoyed and worried Jody wasn't sure what to do next. Then her phone beeped. She had gotten a text message from an unknown number.
"It's okay to be upset. It was your home." Jody placed a hand on Donna's shoulder and  squeezed lightly.
She sang "Bobby McGee" at the top of her lungs with Janis Joplin and since she was alone,she tossed on her eighties play mix that the girls made fun of her for having.
Without thinking, Dean moved forward and his lips gently brushed the other man’s. They both jumped back in surprise and stared for what seemed like an eternity before Cas stepped forward and crushed his lips against Dean’s.
A task which he never wanted but his brothers left him little choice. Luckily, it had not taken him long to find a suitable match. Meg much like himself was tasked with finding a man with means to save her Uncle’s sizable estate. They were complete opposites in a lot of ways but there was at least a spark between them. Cas desperately hoped it could lead to real love one day.
The blow had snapped her head back. Eyes watering and blood gushing from her nose Claire knew it was broken. The demon laughed which pissed her off. She launched herself at it only to be tossed back against the wall and lifted up off the floor by her throat.
He picked up a chair and hurled it against the wall. He then started tossing whatever he could grab. The sound of things breaking was satisfying but only lasted briefly. He turned around to see what else he could destroy when he was hit between the eyes with a shoe.
“What?” said Sam in confusion “I meant that they are likely to get into a disagreement or trouble of some kind, or both...what do you mean by “attentions”?”
"Gross" said Alex and Claire simultaneously. Even Dean had grunted in disgust but then looked abashed at the girls reaction. "I'm
Rowena glanced back at Dean. "I did my best but whatever had ahold of him is more powerful then I. I canna say how long my spell will keep him here. I suggest you figure it out and quickly. Otherwise, Dean might not make it back next time." She looked back at Jody to make sure the Sheriff understood the weight of her words.
"I thought he was supposed to be the fun one?" Claire teased as Gabriel gave them a look of disproval.
"Let me guess- this never happened to you before?" Gabriel asks while raising an eyebrow. "Don't worry about it. It's normal for a demon your age to have performance problems".
“Strange kind. Doc Walker could not find any reason for it...people were just up and dying. No blood left in ‘em! Same with some of the livestock. I lost Thaddeus and a handful of heifers and the Johnson’s lost most of their sheep and all their boys not long after that, even the Swede’s lost his family and all of his pigs! He lives on the outskirts of town... Then the war came through and took what was left of the men...” He shook his head and finished his glass of whisky. “We sure do appreciate you boys staying on to help. I was uncertain if we would have been ready in time for the winter if it was just Pam and me here to do the harvesting.”
" Haven't heard from Donna. I'm going to go check on her. I need you to stay here and watch over Dean." Jody replied distracted by her mental list of what she might need. "Replace the salt line and add more to the upstairs windows. If Dean ...if you think he's gone back to where ever it is he disappears to, call Rowena. Then call Alex. I'll be back with Donna as soon as I can", she paused in the open doorway and focused on Claire's face. "Keep yourself safe too".
"I'm a nice guy" Gabriel shrugged and helped Claire to her feet. "Now go crash in Sam's room. He has a pillow top mattress" he winked at her. "Room twenty one."  He then disappeared.
The sun was slowly rising by the time Jody was able to navigate through the chaos onto Donna's street. As she drove at a snails pace both women took in the utter destruction that seemed to have leveled the whole town. People were outside their homes, wandering around in shock, clustered together in groups or were being treated for injuries by EMT's.
"Dean" parroting his brothers tone Sam refused to look up from the map, he could feel the heat from his brothers glare but ignored it.
Dean waited outside the small homestead with the horses while Sam was speaking inside with the old farmer whose barn they were hoping to spend the night inside of. His black filly, whom he decided to call Baby on account of her extraordinarily long lashes-even for a horse they were notably long, nudged his shoulder and whined. Without taking his eyes off of the house he lifted up the apple he had been about to eat and let the horse take it gently from him. They’d only been together for a few days but it felt like he had spent a lifetime with the horse and no word of a lie, he would take a bullet for her.
"You better think long and hard before you finish that sentence", Dean growled. The sisters exchanged questioning glances.
"Bullshit" said Dean as he took a closer look at the bars. "It's just a bunch of lines scratched on it."
Sunlight streaked across his face and Dean groaned and tried to move away from it but there was no escaping the light. He pried his eyes open and blinked against the brightness. Once his sight adjusted he realized that he was in the back of a wagon. Confusion and fear had him bolting into a sitting position.
, I could never hope to think up such an original name as that”, Sam said, his face deadpan as he teased his brother. “Why you are a regular Shakespeare ain’t ya?.”
Claire turned around, crossed her arms and glared at the angel as she interrupted him with a resounding "No".
Alistair had broken his arm...he...he...Dean couldn't breathe. The different aches and pains in his body were starting to coincide with the memories of what Alistair had done to him...
Before Cas could question him further Joshua entered the room and asked if Cas could please join him and Sam outside. “Miss Missouri, do you think you could keep Dean company while I go see what there is to be done?” The woman nodded and Cas left with Joshua.
"I don't know," Sam replied with a frown. Neither brother spoke as their server came over and refilled their coffee cups. Sam continued once the server left, "Maybe we should ask Cas?"
Crowley gave her a smirk, "Oh, but you can, Sheriff", he leaned forward, his hazel eyes filled with malice "You see, I cleared those bodies from your house before the authorities found them. Be quite the scandal if anyone were to find out that there was eight bodies riddled with bullets from not one but both of your adopted daughters guns. Especially, during an election year".
The upper part of the door broke sending pieces of wood flying. Claire covered Dean. Dean meanwhile took her gun from her and aimed with his left hand.The shot missed it's mark and lodged into the wall. "Son of a bitch!" He groaned in anger.
Dean gave her a questioning look but the woman just smiled again and left him to stew in his own thoughts.
Dean dropped and grunted in pain as the rope reached the end of its tether and his stitches popped open. Blood was flowing freely down his back and Dean became lightheaded.
" You're too damn pretty." John ran the broken edge of the bottle along Dean's cheek, drawing blood in its wake. " Maybe I should make it so no one thinks you're pretty ever again". Just as John began to press the glass harder into his face Dean kicked John in the nuts with all the strength he could muster.
Everyone but Gabriel fell to the ground as their confines disappeared. Alex and Claire quickly stood up.They then helped Dean to his feet. He wobbled and didn't protest when Alex slipped his left arm over her shoulders, he leaned against her slight frame.
Donna plopped onto her ass no longer able to stand. Two tense hours had passed since she became trapped but nothing had attacked her as she expected. Nothing had happened, period!
Then hands were on him everywhere. Pinching, stroking, tugging. Someone licked his face while some else slid his jeans down.
Gabriel turned his heated gaze onto the older hunter. "Gee, I don't know? Maybe it's the rage, sass and self loathing vibe combined with the tough guy act, you both like to do?"
Claire returned moments later. She put the bin down on the floor closest to where his head lay. She left and came back again. This time with a wash cloth. She reached to place it on his forehead but he grabbed her wrist.
Stomach in knots she called out to Claire while shrugging into her coat . She checked her gun, making sure it was loaded. She then grabbed the fireplace poker and a can of salt
"The only legend attached to it is a Native American one about star crossed love between a Sioux man and a Chippewa maidan. They tried running away together but were caught by a group of Chippewa warriors. Supposedly they were killed and buried at the bottom of the falls under the same tree they had tried hiding in." Sam paused to drink his coffee.
Sam thought about arguing with him but opted against it. He was really exhausted. "Fine but only if you promise to wake me if you need me to drive. You got less sleep then I did."
This time it was Cas who seemed to be reaching for an answer. “Uh, Gabriel also has trouble sleeping. He too goes for late-night walks...I was studying but saw Sam go out and thought I would ah check and see if you..both of you..were alright”, he shifted his weight from one barefoot to the other.
Then there was an almighty crash and the wagon came falling down through the roof coating them in dust, rocks, and other debris.
Blowing her nose she picked up her phone to check her messages. There were several from Alex the last of which she announced her safe return to work. One from Rowena that simply said "Iron" and one from the department giving her an update on the days cases and progress. She skimmed it but knew her deputy had everything under control.
" Hey, hey!" said Jody softly turning his face towards her. " The doctor said  you might experience short term memory loss..."
“Thank you again. It has been a pleasure meeting you Charlie. I think I will check Dean once again and if there is nothing I can do I think I shall take a rest myself,” said Sam as he moved back over to his brother’s side.
Gabriel looked up at Alistair through Dean's eyes. Alistair was leering down at him in return. A curved blade in hand, fresh blood dripping from it. The demon cocked it's head to the side.
"We've gotten out of worse situations," Sam reminded him as he examined the iron bars that made the door to the cell. "These aren't made for holding humans".
The trio cried out in surprise when they unexpectedly became more cramped in the tiny space. Dean grunted as the needle was driven into his back and his face squished against the metal of the stall by Alex who had been slammed forward by Claire. He cried out in agony.
" What, did you just say?" Gabriel asked, all the playfulness gone from his hazel eyes; his voice carrying an edge of anger.
Whipping around she can't see anything there. The ground starts to shimmer and pale silver beams shoot upwards from a ring of toadstools that surrounds her.
" What's up?" Claire asked while watching Jody shove the salt into her coat pocket. Neither one of them acknowledged the other's red rimmed eyes or tear streaked cheeks.
"So, you're telling me that fairies are actually fallen angels?!" Dean asked  incredulously his forkful of bacon forgotton "What the hell?"
Knowing he would never look at him the same way again, Dean feels the shame and helplessness start to overwhelm him. He has to get away from Sam's prying eyes.
When it became apparent that the younger man was not going to comprehend what it was he was trying to convey Gabriel threw his arms in the air and walked away muttering about the idiocy of moose.
" Help me get Donna out and we'll happily leave," said Jody. Her anxiety was growing exponentially with each second that passed. Donna was whimpering quietly.
"Yeah. I'd rather die than be chained to some stupid cubical for the rest of my life" said Claire vehemently.
The door groaned as the demons on the other side started hurling themselves against it. Pictures of Jody's husband and son fell off the wall. The floor was going from warm to hot under her feet. She was running out of time.
There was a simultaneous sound of guns cocking, both women had their weapons aimed at him.The man rolled his eyes and snapped his fingers. The guns vanished only to be replaced with lollipops.
Cas frowned at him and crossed his arms over his chest, mirroring Dean’s stance. The pair stared at one another, clearly, neither was prepared to back down from the subject.
“Sammy, tell him I can do this!” Dean turned to his brother, but Sam looked at him with his pitiful puppy dog eyes and Dean knew he was fighting a losing battle. “Sammy?”
When this happened the circle would increase in brightness and Jody could swear it sighed happily. Stomach clenching she realised she had forgotten the poker. "PFuck!"
“I realize my stature is short but do not mistake me for a damsel in distress big guy” huffed Gabriel as he followed him, pulling a Remington revolver from his coat he scanned the surrounding headstones and tried to keep up to Sam’s long-legged stride. “What are we looking for?”
Castiel turned beet red and busied himself with putting away the syringe. “I misspoke. I meant what you said-the trouble or the fighting”.
“I know that if I were a blood-sucking former priest that is where I would hide my creepy ass. No place like home, am I right?” smirked Dean.
“That is what you said about the blacksmith building, the summer kitchen, and at least three of the former slave quarters!”
" Oh good, he's awake. Gave us quite the scare there, Dean !" A bubbly blonde said as she passed the other woman a cup of coffee. The smile faded from her face as she read the room. " It's bad ain't it? I knew it. I woke up this morning and I thought to myself "Donna, you  better put your big girl panties on, this is gonna be one heck of a day!".
"I didn't want to go into Blondie's without her permission" he answered with a shrug. "By the way, is she seeing anyone?"
The thin sheet Alex had used to cover his body from the waist down slipped off as Dean shifted and moaned in his sleep.
Dean frowned and was about to ask what was wrong when he abruptly noticed the flickering street lights. Car alarms started going off while their headlights were flashing. The wind picked up and Dean had to brace himself against it. Black clouds filled with purple and red lightening came rolling in.
Xander stopped feeding to block and the blow. His chin dripping in Dean’s blood he looked down and laughed at him. “Nice try, old man” he taunted. Just as he was bending back down to finish Dean off there was a whistling sound and then Xander’s eyes widened, his head slid sideways onto the ground while his body fell back onto Dean's legs.
" Aye, dearie! An' so much more. Including vengeful. So watch yer step or you'll live to regret it!" Rowena's eyes glowed purple and her power crackled like electricity, making Claire take a step back.  "Now, go get Aunty Rowena's bag from the parlour like a good poppet"
Her stomach tied in knots she started to back away towards the safety of her own truck but something glinted in the halo of the flashlight stopped her.
"We coppulated at three thirty this morning" replied Cas, in confusion,"Though I'm not sure why that would be of import".
“Dean? Are you alright?” Cas asked, a little crease appearing between his brows as he continued to hold Dean’s gaze.
blue eyes that seemed to see straight into his soul. He was rewarded with a crooked smile that made the lines crinkle around Cas’s eyes. Something that Dean knew only happened when the man was amused or happy about something.
“Sam? Why are you standing there boy? Those pigs need feeding!” exclaimed Missouri as she came up behind him.
“I need to leave here! We all need to leave here!” she grasped the front of Cas’s shirt “You have no idea what it is capable of!”
Castiel jumped to his feet while Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Something attacked Miss Bradbury. We were trying to discern the extent of her injuries and find out what happened when
“Ah, turns out that Mister Barnes will allow us to stay here in exchange for some help with the harvest.”
Dean couldn't answer. He didn't want to look at her. At anyone.  All he could feel was the demons hands on him. He puked again.
“I am sorry Dean, but Cas is right. You would slow us down at best and distract us at worst.” Sam tried to break the news as gently as he could but it did no good. Dean lost his temper.
“I have no idea. I got you into the wagon and Pamela helped hitch the horses while I fought...I killed maybe another three but there were so many more coming out of the trees, Dean...” He had to choke back a sob. “I tried. I tried so hard to get her but she just smiled at me and told me to go. That we had someone else who we needed to save.” sam wiped his hands over his face, no longer bothering to hide the tears that were falling.“God help me, Dean, I left. I left her with those monsters.”
" Then, why don't I remember?!" He blurted out in frustration. " Why does my fucking head still feel like it's being skewered by fondue forks?" Anger was coiling in his stomach and he knew that he was going to snap if he didn't get his temper under control and soon.
“Dean?” Cas said drawing the young man’s attention to himself. “You can tell us. We will not judge you”.
“I ah am uncertain? I believe I am six foot three or four? I forget what the tailor told me when I last had a suit made” replied Sam. Why was this man making him feel so self-conscious? He had never felt so flustered, not since the first time he met Jessica...
Something grabbed Dean by the collar of his shirt and pulled him backwards. He felt a cold pressure squeezing him from all sides. Then, with a popping sound, he jolted upwards.
"Ugh. Okay kiddies. It's story time!" Gabriel clapped his hands and the trio were transported to the bunkers war room. "But first, go change into some big boy clothes Dean-o. The unicorns are too distracting."
"Of course!" exclaimed Donna, who was relieved to know she wouldn't be left alone. " Stay as long as you need".
"I'm on my way!" Alex hung up. Claire shoved her phone into her back pocket as she stood and opened the closet door. It would take Alex at least fifteen minutes to get home. She needed to stall as long as possible.
" Liar" Dean stated. His fingers gently curled around her wrist again. His green eyes full of regret and sympathy "I'm sorry that happened to you. You didn't deserve that, Claire. It's no wonder you hate me and Cas."
Dean stopped dousing his eggs in hot sauce to raise an eyebrow at him. "So, why are we going there?"
Dean struggled helplessly. Glaring at Alistair and then choking back a yelp as his body was shifted into a star shape and Alistair had a knife at his throat. " Tell me Dean, where's the cauldron?"
Dean bristled and was about to tell the man where he could shove his poncy British ass when Cas laid a hand on his shoulder and squeezed it hard. Dean glanced over at him and saw Cas make a barely perceptible shake of his head. Taking a deep breath he plastered a big shit-eating grin and gave the short man a mocking bow before limping out of the room. Sam grabbed Dean’s cane and quickly followed his brother out of the room.
She began to shake with fear. Desperately she turned and not bothering to tape her knuckles she began hitting the shiny red punching bag that hung in the corner. Jody had bought it for her after she had punched a hole in the wall due to a particularly bad nightmare.
“Yeah, sure. Whatever you say, big guy...” Gabriel said less convincingly “I just want to go get Joshua and...”
" You smell delicious" a demon wearing a teenager said with a toothy grin, grabbing her by her hair and dragging her away from the window. " Like fear tinged with honey". It took a deep whiff while biting her ear hard enough to draw blood. "I'm gonna eat you up"
Dean started to cry and it scared her. This wasn't right. He never cried in front of her before or like ever as far as she knew. Claire stood there helplessly, unsure of what to do. She wasn't good with crying when
Sam quickly pulled a sheet over his brother’s now naked form while Cas took his bag from Charlie, indicating for her to place the towels and water on the stand between the beds. She did so and quickly left after Cas dismissed her wordlessly.
The rest of his break from the hospital was a blur. One minute he was getting into Jody's truck the next he was laying on a bed in a quiet blue room. He could hear voices softly talking outside the room..maybe  in the room next door or above him? His head was too fuzzy to pin point them.
In fact, the whole reason he and Gabriel were at Crossroads Manor in the first place was for Cas and Meg to get to know one another before their impending nuptials and for Gabriel to have a closer look at the estate's financial situation. The absence of Meg’s Uncle was concerning but Cas was certain that the man would return soon enough from whatever rock he probably drank himself under.
Then he suddenly felt himself moving upwards. Alex fired twice more sending Dean spiraling down like a human yoyo.
Somehow he was back at the table and he had no idea when or how he got there. The hot blonde from before was cooing in his ear while she fed him another drink. Telling him she could make him a star. Dean ignored her and drank deeply. It made his burning throat feel better.
Sam nearly jumped out of his skin at the sudden appearance of a short woman with big brown eyes. “Um, yes ma'am. He just passed out” replied Sam, not really wanting to explain the true cause of Dean’s injuries.
Panicking Jody swung at the light but it was like hitting a brick wall. Both her arms were throbing from the kick back. Gritting her teeth she swung again. This time the recoil knocked her on her ass.
He should have known better. Jaw tightening Dean refuses to look at Sam and just turns the volume up on the tv. Sam stands in front of it. His arms crossed and his chin jutting up.
Dean knew she was skating around the full truth. His stomach started to roll with the all too familiar sensation of nausea.He swallowed hard.
Dean opened his mouth to ask a question but he had no voice. He tried screaming and again nothing came out. Claire looked at him in alarm when she noticed his panicked expression.
"Claire? What the hell? You sound like a drunk muppet. Just let him do it," Alex demanded in exasperation. Dean scoffed at the comparison earning a delighted grin from Alex. Catching the look on Claire's face though,he decided to try and assure her that it was okay to let Gabriel touch her.
The next thing Dean knew they were wrapped around one another. Just like earlier the kiss was all passion and demands. Every inch of him felt like it was on fire as Cas trailed kisses down his neck. Dean needed to feel skin-on-skin contact. He growled in impatience and reversed their positions.
“Speak for yourself little brother”, corrected Gabriel who was annoyed by the delays. “Just spit it out already!”
" Just give me the damn beer!" Dean demands. Claire shakes her head, clearly enjoying tormenting him. Letting out a frustrated sigh Dean relents. "I won't tell her. Now pass it over Buffy!"
He coughed and gasped as air pushed the water out of his lungs. The pain was excruciating. He felt himself slipping back down and he panicked as he lost his grip and was swept away by the current.
Dean dropped and closed his eyes , meanwhile the fairy looked around in confusion before running towards Sam. The whole corridor shook and then another bright white light erupted from Sam's cell.
On stage he could see a five hundred pound man with a massive black mohawk scream into the microphone. People were jumping and flailing about in front of the band. The whole scene seemed chaotic and he felt an overwhelming panic set in. His body started to quake and his breathing became erratic.
She was expecting an angry outburst but instead of the lovely purple from before, his whole face drained of colour. Utter terror replacing the smug expression. She was reminded of Gabriel's reaction from the day before.
Twenty minutes later they had parked and were heading into the woods. They hadn't gotten very far before they were attacked.
Just out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw something move along the tree line that bordered the main house. Crouching down in the long grass Dean laid as still as he could, watching the shadows.
Jody stood up. "Firstly, you ever threaten my family again I will kill you. Secondly, you should know better than anyone that nobody stops those boys from doing anything. Besides, they're already in Stillwater, so I can't..."
"You've got your noddle scrambled big guy. You need to rest." She mumbled into his shoulder as she moved him back onto the bed.  " Don't you worry. Jody and I will find them".
The deep rumble of his voice was comforting and thrilling all at the same time. " Dean" Cas replied while awkwardly patting Dean on the back.
"No, it's older. Like third century older. You have to read it from the bottom left upwards," Sam explained with a sigh.
“Yes, the Winchester brothers are difficult to deal with one on one but together they are nigh on impossible to contain. Something, poor Brother Bill learned too late.”
“When it moved...it was not like any vampire I have ever seen before...it was too...animalistic” Sam shook his head as he tried his hardest to recall what he saw besides a blur of movement that is... “It crouched down onto all fours like a damn dog!”
Hopefully once that mystery was cleared up she could then figure out where Sam and Cas were. Rescue them and gank whatever was responsible for hurting the man she loved like a son.
" I don't remember". The pain in his ribs was beginning to ebb from searing to manageable. He just wished he could say the same for his head. He squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the white spots to stop dancing in front of his vision.
He woke briefly to see Sam hovering over him, his face streaked with black soot and sweat stains. “Sam?” he croaked.
Dean exited his cell and tossed Sam his knife. "Guards are coming. I'll distract them so you can escape. Once you're out you find Cas. I'll look for the stupid tea pot. Meet back at the car!"
Late that night Sam pulled his threadbare coat closer about him as he walked around the lake. The snow had been steadily falling for hours. The others had long gone to bed.
“Good. Now that we know Charlie will be okay, there is something I need to tell both of you”, Dean began, his fists clenching at his sides nervously. “There is no easy way to say this and when I am finished you may think I am nine kinds of crazy...”
Before Sam could intervene something struck him in the back of the head and he fell forward into unconsciousness.
"Gabriel has located the entrance to the rift. We should go immediately" Cas announced without preamble.
Cas began to launch into a lecture when Miss Missouri burst into the room, her cheeks streaked with tears. “Have you seen Miss Meg?”
“Not just vampires. Werewolves. Vengeful spirits, heck even witches too!” Sam added while moving to stand with his brother. “There are creatures that you have never heard of lurking out there in the dark and one of them has come to Crossroads Manor”
“Nonsense”, said Gabriel “We have had very little by way of entertainment as of late and something tells me that you are very entertaining Samuel Winchester”.
Claire nodded and locked the door once Jody had gone and made a salt line before checking to ensure the other lines were intact.
“We will not know until I try” replied Cas before he slid the needle into a vein. Both waited with bated breath as he depressed the plunger but nothing happened. “Damnit!” hissed Castiel angrily.
" That's a lad. Breathe. You're safe Dean Winchester, if only for the moment", Rowena murmured while running her fingers through his hair. Raising her voice she called Jody and Claire back into the room, as she started putting her unused supplies back in her bag.The remains of the spell were already burned away.
" Sure. Yeah" said Jody. She untied the gown and helped Dean take it off. His back and shoulders were riddled with cuts and bruises which disappeared underneath the bandages wrapped around his ribs. Then as Dean turned she saw it.
“Please excuse my brother,” said the shorter man gaining Sam’s attention. Sam’s heart skipped a beat as he stared down into the sunlit whisky-colored eyes. Sam continued to stare at Gabriel and Gabriel at him. “Cas can be quite rude without his morning coffee”, Gabriel grinned.
“That has to be the one,” said Dean “It has enough space for at least eight of them and it’s the furthest from the main house..”
“Gabriel and I were walking the grounds by the old burial plot. We ah heard something moving, found one of the crypts open and then I could not tell you what it was, came running out, knocked me over, and somehow avoided being shot by Gabe. Then we found Charlie...”
Dean let out a growl, his eyes filled with rage. " Son of a bitch. Gonna rip his lungs out," he croaked.
The demon made gagging sounds and billowing black smoke poured out of the mans mouth disappearing into the ceiling before the body collapsed onto the floor. Claire reached out to check his pulse but the man was already dead.
Gabriel willed himself out of the memory and threw it back over the dam. The next six memories were all similar in nature. Dean being sexually abused by people of authority. By the time Dean hit the age of fourteen he was turning tricks to help pay for rooms, food and whatever else Sam needed.
Feeling uneasy Jody grabs her flashlight and exits her own truck and cautiously approaches the Ford F150 SVT  Raptor first. Placing her hand on the hood she feels nothing but the cold metal beneath her fingers.
At first, Dean tried to help Gabriel with the manor’s bookkeeping but more often than not Dean could not
He turned around to look at the shivering forms of Castiel and Gabriel. Part of him wished he could have left them back at the manor house with Dean but he had no idea how many could be inside and he knew it would be too big a job for him to do on his own.
“Save your lecture Cas! I swear I am going to lose my freaking mind if I stay in this room for one more minute!” argued Dean heatedly.
" Oh. That explains the itch then" said Dean trying to make light of the discovery. " I'm getting cold. Think we could ah finish ?"
“The...thing...it had glowing eyes...” the young woman was still looking around as if expecting the creature would suddenly appear from thin air. “Please, do not allow it to take me again!”
The door swung open and there stood Castiel holding a candle, his hair was mussed as if he had been running his fingers through it, and his shirt unbuttoned enough for Dean to see his collar bone. “Dean?”
Claire took a moment to collect herself in her room. Pushing back the need to throw up she rummaged through her pajamas and pulled out the new set she just bought.  The shirt was too small but she figured the pants would be okay since they had a bit of stretch to them and the material was super soft so it wouldn't irritate his wounds.
Dean watched as the twister ate tree after tree then sent them hurtling through the air. Lightning struck a nearby oak and it caught fire. Dean felt like his heart had leaped into his throat. Then he looked towards the front and he saw an old stone manor house looming ahead of them.
" No. Don't touch me," she protested while she threw her hands up in front of herself trying to keep the angel at bay.
Brilliant white light erupted from Gabriel, shattering everything that was glass not only in Donna's home but in everything within a five hundred mile radius.
Both girls looked, Alex quickly averting her eyes to the wall just above Claire's head. Claire however gave a little "Hunh" of appreciation. "No wonder he walks funny."
Suddenly John smashed the bottle against the edge of the sink. Dean jerked at the noise.  In two strides John was on him again. Lifting him up by the shirt front.
Castiel by this point had cleaned Charlie’s wound and decided that it was more from shock than anything that had the woman pass out. When he voiced his opinion to the others they all breathed a sigh of relief.
Dean tried giving her a grin but it looked more like grimace. "What can I say? My family brings stubborn to a whole new level." He gingerly looked around the room. " Where's my clothes?"
"There's no way a single demon could do all that...Unless it's a group or one of the heavy hitters like Alistair", Dean puzzled out loud. He swallowed hard as he pushed his fear down ; he refused to panic.He was shaking because he was still cold, not because he was terrified of facing Alistair so soon after...
After a few imaginary tours with her favourite bands Jody pulled up to the station. She wasn't ready to assess the damages to her home quite yet. Taking a few deep breaths and rolling her shoulders back she exited her truck and headed inside.
http://www.askaboutireland.ie/reading-room/history-heritage/folklore-of-ireland/folklore-in-ireland/legend-and-belief/supernatural-legend/
"I want to say thank you to those of you who reached out to make sure my family and I were okay. I don't know what happened or why someone did this but I know you will figure it out. I have faith in our department and in all of you. That being said. Get back to work or I'll send you out on highway patrol!" She barked the last part and the pen returned to it's cacophony of clicking keyboards, ringing phones and murmuring voices.
The elderly man chuckled at her words. “We both know that is a lie. You have no need to spare my manly pride, Pam. These boys will undoubtedly get it done much quicker than either of us!” He held up his empty glass in a salute to the brothers, the boys returned the gesture and finished off their drinks.
Sam narrowed his eyes. Dean was entirely too chipper for not having his usual coffee or four hour nap. Only two things gave his brother that smile, sex and ...
“No! No one is safe!” She cried. “It told me what it planned to do to all of us! There is nothing we can do to stop it!”
A cannon blasted through the pine tree that was a mere three feet from Dean’s shoulder. Cursing his luck he began to move through the woods as fast as he dared, the sun slowly sinking behind the horizon making his flight more precarious. Risking a glance behind him he could see the Confederates advancing and he knew that he and Sam had to get going else they risked capture and possible death. Again.
Once inside the relative shelter of the sty, the men stared quietly. Gabriel had removed the sow from Joshua’s lap and had tried laying him on the ground but due to the weather, the corpse was frozen stiff into the seated position. Gabriel tried once more to straighten Joshua’s legs out but to no avail. He let out an anguished cry of
Sam removed his coat and placed it over them. The windows had long ago been broken and bits of debris were flying around the space. He didn’t want Dean to get another injury when he was clearly still recuperating from the first vampire attack. He noticed that Dean was unusually quiet. He wondered if he had finally disappointed his brother beyond the point of forgiveness this time.
The windows began to rattle and all four men glanced outside. The sky had darkened so much that Gabriel grabbed a couple of candles and lit them so that they could all see the map better.
Once Deans feet cleared the door Claire slammed it shut and sealed it with a salt line. Within seconds something started to bang on it. She dragged her chair in front of it trying to buy a little more time.
He tried again to loosen his bonds but whoever had tied him to the chair must have once been a sailor, they held so well. Dean was impressed though annoyed by their handiwork.
I don't agree with or use these slurs personally as I myself am Bi but they are relevant to the time period that young Dean and Sam grew up in. (80's/90's).
"You certainly have yer hands full with that one!"Rowena said with a shake of her head. "Now that  it's just us grown ups let's discuss terms shall we?"
There were no windows nor could he see the outline of a door. His hearing was still bad from the cannonball, but from what he was capable of hearing he was no longer close to any fighting. There was the scent of damp straw but not of animal excrement. So, he was not in a barn or stable. He felt ill and dizzy but aside from stiffness, his body seemed to have no harm done to it. That was a surprise. In truth, he was surprised to be alive at all.
They stayed like that, staring into one another's eyes until they both spilled their seed at the same time. Panting Cas fell onto the bed beside Dean. Neither spoke a few moments as they gained their breath back.
“What of the other one? He killed Brother James” asked the reedy voice-Dean was really getting annoyed with not knowing his name so he decided to call him Mouse.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw a shimmer of purple light. He turned to get a better look  when a figure slipped through the light.
Frowning Dean scanned the area but could see nothing that posed a threat. Feeling uneasy he stepped back into the darkness of the barn.
" We're sorry. The number you have reached is currently out of the service area. Please try again later" a mettallic voice announced.
Cas removed a syringe and a vial of clear liquid from his bag. Carefully he measured out a small dose and explained to Sam that he was about to give Dean a shot of morphine to ease his pain. He then listed off the injuries the elder brother had sustained. “I will inform, Meg about your brother. It is my recommendation that he stays here until he is well enough to travel-that will not be until Yule at the earliest”, he stated before he began to place his tools back into his bag. “I will also see if there is any ice left in the ice house since his fever must be brought down and quickly. I’ll send Charlie with some should it be found. By that point, I should be back to set his leg and to check on his progress”.
"Shit!"thought Claire. If Alex started crying so would she and she wouldn't be able to stop.She couldn't handle a break down. Not when Jody was counting on her and Dean needed her."Yeah, well some how you've managed to look even more pale than usual; Morticia!"
Gabriel got to his feet and looked at the wounds on Dean’s neck then he looked back at the dead pigs, his eyes widening in understanding.
Tommy was pulled back by the smallest boy, who also had red hair. The middle-sized one had dark hair but all three shared similar facial features and Dean realized that he was looking at a set of brothers...His stomach rolled as he thought about Josiah’s words about the Johnson’s losing all their boys.
She paused at the thresh hold before turning around. Head held high, shoulders back she returned the stares, a few of the smarter ones quickly ducked their heads and focused on the reports in front of them.
As if reading his brother’s thoughts, Dean glanced up at him “Hey, try not to blame yourself about this Sammy, this place is huge and there would be no way for you to cover this much ground on your own. Hell, I’m impressed with what you
" I was seven the ah first time. Dad had left Sammy and me at a sketchy day care. I was so confused about what was happening. I didn't really understand what she did to me until it happened again a few months later.
" I am Gilda" the fairy nodded her head in acknowledgement. " I mean you and your friend no harm," she took a half step towards Jody but Jody took a full step back. "You are in great danger. These woods are part of Oberons domain. If his men were to catch you..."
Sam and Cas carried Joshua’s body to the newly repaired carriage house and laid him out on the workbench.
Claire's head snapped up to see Gabriel standing in the doorway. "Shut up and help him!"she demanded.
Dean could hear the rush of foot steps. Too many to be just one person.  Too many hands touching him. He started having dry heaves.
Sam crossed the room and blocked Gabriel’s exit. Holding his hands in front of him like he was trying to calm a frightened animal he spoke softly “Gabriel, we are not crazy. I swear.”
Gabriel meanwhile followed Sam and Dean around as if he expected them to try and kill everyone in their sleep. It was very frustrating for the brothers but they could find a way to alleviate the fears of the man without solid proof.
His impossibly green eyes were clouded by pain and fear. Sighing, Jody took the pants from his limp fingers and began rolling them up like a pair of pantyhose.
" Not easily. They're ancient creatures and they possess wild magics. If they've teamed up with Alistair...Well, I wouldn't try it. Not even for the likes of Dean Winchester" replied Rowena sadly as she sailed out of the room.
"We have three fucking days to figure out where I stuffed the magic kettle and get it back to the friggin' fairies or else Sam and Cas are dead!" He hit a lamp off of the library table, sending some books flying off in every direction as they were swept off with it.
"I play the field doll." he winks at Jody. " You interested?" He lets his gaze travel from her face downwards.
Jody stopped her with a light hand on her shoulder. The witch was trembling but the glare she was giving had Jody dropping her hand again. " Thank you," Jody said with sincere gratitude.
“You mean to tell me that your own father sent you to capture me by yourselves?” Dean let out a low whistle.”I gotta say boys, your daddy ain’t the sharpest tool in the shed is he?”
" Christ. You look whiter than Casper the friendly ghost!" she teased Alex trying to cover her own unease with humor.
" I don't have much time. Sam is here. I heard him. His screams confirm that he's alive. Listen to me carefully, Dean, you have to find us! We were fooled and looking in the wrong spot! It's at a Fairy rift...Crap, ...they're coming. I have to go."
The kindling had just caught when Castiel and Gabriel entered the room. Dean trailed in behind them. His face stoic. Cas waved Sam away and began examining the young woman, his frown deepening as he barked orders for Gabriel to get him some hot water in order to clean her head wound.
Cas frowned down at her and then his frown deepened when he noticed that Dean’s face paled at the woman’s words. “Dean?”
Running his hands over his face Dean grinned. He knew he could always count on Sam when it came to this sort of thing. "Let me guess- Open Sesame!"
Jody tried to ignore the hypnotic rhythm of her windshield wipers as she made the four hour trek back to Sioux Falls by herself.
Claire provides Dean a shoulder to lean on and a glimpse into her past that makes them comprehend just how much they share in common.
"At the mess hall with Hawkeye and Hunnicut" Claire answered with a sneer.The demon hit her in the nose again making Claire's vision swim and her ears ring.
The wind began to pick up. Dean glanced up at the sky and noticed that the clouds were dark and the sky had turned to a greenish hue. There was a sudden crack of thunder and lightning streaked across the sky. Both horses shied and reared up making Sam scramble to settle them.
A knock on the truck window made both women jump. On the other side was a young officer with a shinny new penny look that marked him as a rookie. Jody rolled down her window.
“Sure thing. I will make some for all of us, maybe an early lunch while I am at it” she added as she stood to leave.
Castiel then proceeded to remove an empty syringe. He glanced up at Sam, his face stoic. “You mentioned before that the blood of a dead man was like poison to these creatures?”
Claire sighed and retrived her shoe, pulled it on and then went in search for Sam's room. Sleep would be a welcome distraction.
" That's my boy" Alistair was gloating as he ran a hand over Dean's trembling torso. "I remember. You like it nice and slow. You love the build just before", he looked up at Dean as he finished the sentence," the climax". He pushed his hand into the cut he just made and Deans body jerked with pain.  Alistair then licked the blood from his fingers and gave a sigh of satisfaction. " Let's see how long it takes to get you to scream".
He felt like he was trapped in a silent world of his own. Part of him wished that Dean was outside with him. Every shadow was making him jump as he could swear that it was the large vampire from the barn, the one who killed Pamela, the one which nearly killed his brother and him too...
Sam turned around to look at his startled brother. Dean was still way too pale for his liking but the fact that he was awake and sitting up was a promising sign that he was on his way to recovery. “Here. Drink,” he demanded while passing Dean a canteen filled with water. He noted the shaking in his brother's hands but didn’t say anything.
Above them, the sky was clouded over, not a star in sight. The darkness felt heavy and absolute. There was a sense of danger in the air. Anxiously, the brothers moved quickly towards the barn.
" Well, this isn't as sexy as I thought it would be", said a voice that was all too familiar to Dean.
"We need to talk. Privately," said Gabriel " I need you to tell me what happened in the park and with Alistair".
" It's okay Dean. You're safe. I'm here" Jody helped him up and held his hand as he lay back down and didn't let go until his body stopped trembling and he was sleeping once more.
After the bumpy start Gabriel was able to relay the news that Alistair was after a very powerful magical object called The Dagda's Cauldron.
Desperate she looked around for something she could use to break the circle. Off to her left she spotted a broken branch of mountain ash . Holstering her gun she grabbed it.
“Today must be Thursday”, he said to himself and barely managed to duck out of the way as a musket ball hit and obliterated a sapling to his left. Cursing, Dean ran faster, shouting out to his brother as he navigated the dense brush “Sam?!”. Another musket ball hit close by, leaving his ears ringing.
When she risked looking at Dean she saw that he had passed out again. With shaky hands she pulled the covers over him and sat back in her chair pulling her knees up and resting her chin on them.
Dean blinked slowly. He felt wrong. Like he'd been dropped into water and was trying to move against the current. Noises were far away and muffled. Colours were too strong and vibrant. Faces blurred as he pushed through them. "What the hell was in that drink? Is this what it's like to be drunk? Am I drunk?"he wondered to himself.
“Anyway, the point is that there are things we can do to protect us and keep them from getting into the house,” said Dean.
“Vampires,” said Sam who was annoyed with the whole exchange. He just shrugged at Dean who had shot him a death glare in warning. “A vampire bit him”.
The room came roaring back into focus. Jody was standing a few steps back from him. The left side of her face was rapidly swelling and was an angry red.
Dean handed him the wifi info wordlessly. Sam gave him a nod of thanks and logged on. He wanted to learn as much as he could about Oberon and the cauldron.
He turned his attention to the brothers who were, in turn, watching him keenly. Their clothes were crisp and of the latest fashionable cut yet neither seemed fully comfortable in them-in fact Castiel was tugging at his collar as if it were too tight-new money, Sam decided. He cleared his throat “We will be gone again by morning. I just need to tend to my brother’s wounds and hopefully get our horses back-we turned them loose just before the twister landed, then we will be on our way and out of your lives. I promise that we mean you no trouble.”
"Ah, Dean. I didn't think I'd be seeing you again so soon. " Alistairs voice sent chills down Dean's spine. " Just couldn't stay away could ya?"
“Whoa! Okay, enough of the ah manhood talk already! Ain’t nobody here going to see Sam’s...ah manhood!” said Dean uncomfortably.
Claire wiped at her tears angrily. "Okay. Enough of this touchy feely bullshit. I'm gonna grab us some drinks and I'll tell you about the vamps I killed last week."
All Dean could see were the persons(?) teeth giving him a wolfish grin. A hand was cupping his ass and he was being steered somewhere. He wanted to knock the hand away but he was pretty sure it was the only thing keeping him from staggering all over the place.
" Fuck that! You're coming even if I have to push your ass through the window myself!" She said while looping it under his arms. Using an anchor hitch knot that Dean had taught her a few months back she tugged it and figured it was secure enough.
Claire watched as the light faded from the archangels eyes. The bunker lights that weren't blown returned to normal and a deafening silence fell upon them.
" First you must listen to the message I have for you from my Lady, Queen Aine.Then I will tell you how to release your friend. Agreed?"
“Actually, she is his daughter-in-law. Husband died last winter. She promised three squares and any mending we might need doing as well as the shelter in the barn as payment,” replied Sam as he took the stallion’s reins from Dean and began walking it towards the barn.”Dinner is in an hour and we can wash up behind the house, there’s a creek apparently. She’s leaving us some soap and towels on the back step”
After settling the horses in for the night, the brothers made their way behind the house and found the promised towels and bar of soap. A beaten path showed them the way to the creek and they quickly stripped and waded into the water.
Dean tossed and turned. He could not seem to quiet his brain. There were just too many thoughts racing through it. Part of him was giddy- He kissed Cas! More importantly, Cas kissed him back! The other part of him was on edge with worry. He did not want Sam doing a solo patrol this night. There was something off...he knew it in his bones that the vampires had found them and were only teasing them by killing the livestock off slowly. A kind of warning maybe?
"Shit" , she exclaimed fighting the urge to run and put it out. There was a soft whooshing noise and flames raced up the wall and along the ceiling. She turned to run back into the room but bounced off of a solid form.
Guy Smiley was in front of him again. Dean tried to say something but his tongue was thick and heavy, only a grunt came out. A second voice sounded followed by a third. The door closed. His mind screamed "DANGER" and he tried to get up.
Sam had been feeding the pigs when he heard the distressed cry of Missouri. Dropping the pail of slops he ran to find her standing over the exsanguinated body of their pet hound dog. He knew there was little chance that anything was still about but Sam quickly scanned the grounds but could see nothing.
“Turn this damn thing around! We are going back!”Dean could hear the rushing of his blood in his ears and he knew that he was close to snapping.
The bunker was like a stupid maze. She wasn't sure which way to go. She stood there listening, trying to figure out which direction Dean's room would be. This time Dean let out an animalistic scream of pain and Claire took off running.
Rowena pushed past her and into the room. Jody followed close behind. Claire turned to her and Jody instinctively wrapped her into a hug. Her eyes however were trained on Dean.
Squinting at the bright lights Dean raised his fists and blindly swung. His fist came in contact with something. There was a cry but he wasn't sure who it was. His head was screaming in agony.
Upon entering the main entryway, Sam realized that he had no clue which way to go in order to get to Charlie’s chambers. Just as he was about to ask Gabriel gestured him towards the parlor. Nodded in gratitude, Sam made his way through the darkness easily finding his way to the familiar settee. He gently set Charlie down while Gabriel went upstairs presumably to find Castiel. He pulled a homemade quilt over the now shivering form before turning to start a fire.
“Some of them are older, as you say. We ah ran into some bandits a couple of days ago at the border. Not to be rude but is there somewhere I can lay him down?” Sam was beyond tired and wanted nothing more than to put Dean down and grab a nap of his own.
Behind him he heard a strangled cry. Whipping around he saw his baby brother shaking, tears were running down his cheeks. His face full of terror.
Dean cut her off while wrenching his face out of her grasp. " For how long? How long am I going to be useless?" The look of pity on Jody's face gave him his answer. " That's just friggin' great!"
Dean took a deep breath and nearly passed out from the pain. " Son of a bitch! Mother fucking son of a whore!" he wheezed while gripping the bed to stay upright.
" Be careful Dean, there's a gathering of monsters here! Find the cauldron! You must hurry!" Cas urged and then faded back into the darkness.
Gabriel glared at the young woman but she didn't back down. He grinned wolfishly and was pleased when she took a  half step back. "Listen up, Mini Dean, I don't like being disrespected or giving second chances. This is your only warning. Don't fuck with me or... "
By the time they had gotten home both he and Dean were beyond exhausted and were fighting with each other because they didn't have anything or anyone else to vent their frustrations on.
Gabriel reluctantly tears his gaze away from Donna to look at Jody. "A fairy rift is an opening between this world and theirs. Always created in an in-between place. I thought you two were hunters? Shouldn't you know this already?"
Jody punches him in the nose and immediately regrets it as pain travels from her knuckles all the way to her shoulder. "Son of a bitch!" she cried.
"I think you've got a lot more to deal with than I do, " said Jody giving a sad smile of her own. "So, here's my suggestion. I go back and get my situation under control. See who I can spare from my department and reach out to a few others and send them here to lend a hand with the clean up or crowd control, whatever you need. I'll come back as soon as I'm able".
"The cauldron goes by several different names. The Dagda's Cauldron, Cauldron of Plenty, the Cauldron of Restitution and what the fairies call it- The Coire Ansic. It was one of four sacred objects brought to Ireland by the  Tuatha de Danaan. The others were the Lia Fáil - the stone of knowledge, the Spear of Lugh- which made its bearer invincible, and lastly the Sword of their King Nuadu- no one could escape it once it was drawn."
Thanks to the iron bullets they had loaded into their guns on the ride over they managed to injure a few before being overwhelmed by the sheer number of them.
"Escaped from the what now?" Dean asked in bewilderment." What the fuck does that have to do with demons?".
" Right. I need a cuppa and a wee rest before I go. You two can handle his wounds, yeah?" Rowena gave them a curt nod before moving towards the door.
Thank you for reading! I am hoping to get the next chapter done by this weekend.  Very excited about it!
“Dean got the drop on him and lopped the head off with a mere two strokes of his sword! It was quite the impressive feat!” boasted Sam.
Cas’s deep graveling voice rumbled against Dean’s back and it felt oddly comforting to him and Dean swore his heart might have fluttered when the man said his name. Dean turned to look into those impossibly blue eyes and he knew at that moment that what he was feeling was not anything he had ever experienced before...
Dean waited for Sam to say more but apparently he wasn't going to,"Care to share with the rest of the class?"
" Hey, asshat!" Claire said cocking her gun making the Demon turn around. She shot it in the shoulder and the impact sent it a couple steps back.
The room came roaring back into focus. Claire was holding him by the shoulders. Piercing blue eyes searching for something in his.  His cheeks were wet from tears. His hands clutching the blankets so tightly that his knuckles were white. "Get your friggin' hands off of me, or I swear I'll break them off!"
“Of course. Silly me. Thinking a white boy would make a cup of tea for the likes of me!” she chuckled.
wildly in the wind. As it swayed it made an awful metallic singing that Sam was certain would haunt his dreams in the days to come.
"I'm not happy about this either but it's the only way to figure out where you hid the cauldron," the archangel tilted his neck to the side and then the other. He rolled his shoulders and flexed his fingers. "Show time!"
Dean took a look at Claire. She was standing with her arms crossed and her chin jutting upwards having a staring contest with the archangel. Dean sighed, he was too fucking tired for this shit.
Charlie shook her head. “Sir Gabriel enjoys being tricked as it does not happen very often. I imagine he will be both immensely pleased and annoyed in equal measure. I must attend to Miss Missouri and dinner. Should you need anything there is a bell pull between the beds. Just give it a tug and I will be up here as quick as I can be”.
“Vampires actually prefer something a little more comfortable...” said Sam as he thought hard. He had been checking the property during his nightly patrols and there had been no indication that any vampires were there. Frowning he looked over at Cas “How many buildings are there on this land?”
"Because it'll be funnier if you two do it..." he trailed off as he got hit with twin bitch face looks. "Wow! You two do that better then the boys!" He threw his hands up in mock surrender "Fine. I can't, okay? The friggin' rift is warded against angels".
Dean's lip raised giving a brief crooked smile. Shaking his head gingerly he pushed the lump in his throat down. "No one  knows..." he tried clearing his throat, "I ah never told anyone before. Not even Cas. Please don't tell Sammy. I don't want him to know." he looked up at her with a mixture of shame and fear.
“Uh...a few days before the tornado” replied Dean, who suddenly felt nervous as there was a current of anger under Cas’s words which he had never seen in the usually mild-mannered man.
Crowley sighed heavily. "Right. Never the less, it's done. So, either you help keep the Winchester's away from Stillwater at all costs or I snap my fingers and those bodies reappear and those pretty girls get a one way ticket to the big house."
"Go find Cas! I'll take care of these guys!" Dean commanded while pushing Sam into the hallway as three guards came around the corner. He glanced back to see Sam hesitating "Go!" He yelled and Sam nodded and took off , looking left and right as he ran checking for their friend.
"Bullets with a devil trap etched in it and dipped in holy water seems to work just fine though" Claire looked down at it in disgust. She then began to exorcise it.
Sam brushed Dean’s hair off his sweaty brow and sighed. If Castiel was to be coming in soon, surely it wouldn’t hurt to lay down as he waited? Sam wondered to himself and then gave into his exhaustion. He would wake when the almost doctor came in... as he lay on the empty bed he couldn’t help but think about Gabriel and his beautiful eyes. There was something about him the Sam couldn’t help but be drawn to...it will be interesting to learn more about the mysterious individuals who made Crossroads Manor their home he thought...He spared one more look at the still form of his older brother before his hazel eyes fluttered shut and soon Sam was off into a deep slumber.
Claire grinned and grabbed hers. Cracking it open and taking a deep pull. "Hell yeah. That's what I needed" she murmured. Dean grinned back at her as he took a swig from his own.
Dean visibly relaxed in his seat, relieved that it was not a human who was killed. “Wait! You said the dog was killed? How?”
Meanwhile, Dean was groggily trying to sit up. One hand was moving under the pillows like he was searching for something. " Son of a bitch!" He uttered as a new fresh wave of searing pain rolled over him.
It was slow work but they finally managed to get the bloody sheet off. Both stared down at Dean. Neither one moving.
Another thump at the door moved the chair a couple of inches. " We don't have time for this! Fuck. Don't kill me for trying to save your stupid ass!" She hesitated before slapping him. He didn't react. She tried again but he remained unconscious.
“Sir Castiel will be in to look at him after he is finished with Lady Meg. He was to be a medical doctor before he took a break from his studies to help care for her and Crossroads Manor. Your brother will be in good hands,” she assured him before slipping out the door and quietly shutting it behind herself.
The soft knock at the door startles him and he fumbles the glass and just manages to catch it before it could fall to the floor.       "Yeah? Come in," he carefully places the glass back on the night stand with both his hands.
The light flickered and went out. " Ha! Take that you bastard!" Jody scrambled over to Donna. Gently she shook Donna's shoulder while saying her name." C'mon! Wake up damn it!"
Undeterred, Sam followed him. " I saw the bloody bandages! I know you're hurt! You're limping Dean! Just tell me what happened?"
The archangel squared his shoulders and braced himself before selecting another memory that escaped from the dam.
Dean took a moment to drink and get his bearings. He wasn't 15. He was in his ..he was older. The woman was watching him like a hawk. He knew her but couldn't recall her name or how he knew her. She wasn't a threat though. He knew that much.
His fingers tugged and ripped at Cas’ clothes. They both nipped and caressed treating it like a battle as they fought for domination over one another. Dean reached down and stroked Cas’s very hard cock, eliciting a sweet moan before releasing one of his own as Cas returned the gesture as he reclaimed his top position over Dean.
Dean scoffed while Sam shook his head, both brothers disgusted by the man’s reaction to the death of one of his oldest and most loyal servants.
Dean hated that once again his baby brother was right. “Son of a bitch!” He cursed and punched the stall, startling the stallion who reared back.
Sighing, Sam pulled his collar up and waited as Castiel helped Dean to dress. By the time they caught up to the other two, Fergus was already heading back indoors out of the squall.
Gabriel came around the corner and saw the two of them and with a shake of his head muttered “Just kiss already!” before heading down the stairs.
The wolf growled and pinned Deans shoulders down, lowering it's head to rip his throat out...Dean screamed for his dad.
Sam stopped walking and Gabe stopped as well, the two men stared at one another. Gabe rested his hands on his hips and waited for the answer to occur on his taller companion.
"Lollipop?" Gabriel asks holding out a grape flavoured one to her while popping a cherry one in his mouth.
"None as of yet. Just a lot of lacerations on account of the broken glass, a few head traumas but nothing life threatening" the Deputy ran to keep up with Donna's strides. Neither noticed as Jody followed them.
Alex bit her lip while trying to find the words. Claire shrugged off the EMT who was trying to put a bandage on her cheek, and hopped down making her way over to Jody. "It was demons", she ignored Alex's hiss of warning; "...and an Angel. It was
Before she could say anything Claire felt Gabriel's fingers on her forehead and then everything went dark.
Sam took to patrolling the grounds at night, Dean became more grumpy as he was still hobbling around and not able to help his brother. Cas at least provided him with a cane to use.
"Like roaches, you celestials" hissed Alistair as he punched Gabriel in the gut. "I don't care which winged jack off you are, I may not know how to kill you but I do know how to send your holier than thou, feathered ass back through the pearly gates!"
“Whoa!” exclaimed Sam as he tried to cross to Cas but Gabriel pulled his Remington and Sam tossed his hands up in submission instead.”No! Neither one of us are a friggin’ vampire!”
Rowena raised an eyebrow at her, "No, but if I had to hazard a guess I would say something  along the lines of the wee folk."
He wondered if he should be concerned about the fact that the noises that came from Dean's room last night hadn't kept him from falling asleep. That Dean moaning and breaking shit was almost comforting to him now. God, that was so fucked up. Even by Winchester standards.
Thirty minutes. He decided. Thirty minutes of sleep would help take some of the edge off. Then he'll apologise to Claire and figure out what's next.
" Okay," Jody released a long breath that she had been holding and rubbed her temples trying to ease the headache that was growing by the minute. "Do you know what we're up against?"
They went through a door. Someone pushed him and he went sprawling onto the floor. Sitting up he noticed that the brick walls of the narrow room like the rest of the bar were covered in graffiti. The urinals across from him looked like no one ever cleaned them. Dirt covered everything. His vision blurred and the room tipped sideways or maybe it was him? Either way he was now laying down.
Before Cas could answer the bunker door swung open and a very pissy Dean entered followed by an equally pissy Gabriel.Sam and Cas exchanged a worried glance.
Jody jerked the wheel as she let out a yelp of surprise. The truck came to a screeching halt. Both women stared at the man nestled between them.
"Close your eyes!" Gabriel commanded, his voice booming over the supernatural storm, his eyes glowing an icy blue.
"Ask short stack, he wouldn't tell me squat without you two," groused Dean as he grabbed the bottle of whiskey and a few glasses. He set them down on the table, poured generous helpings and passed them out before sinking into a chair. He raised his eyebrows when both Sam and Cas accepted their glasses without protest.
"For heaven's sake Mike quit dressing it up and spit it out." She wasn't mad at Mike. She would have used the same tactic if the situation were reversed.
Charlie popped up with a gasp, making all four men jump in surprise. She looked around the room with wild eyes. “Where is it?” she cried.
Jody clenched her fists, using all her will power to keep from punching him in his smug face.  "I didn't ask you to do that".
Jody opened her mouth to speak but The Clash singing "I Fought the Law" blasted loudly. Taking her cell out she frowned " It's work. I gotta take this", she said and walked away to speak with her Chief Deputy Sheriff.
“Dean and Gabriel are going to look over the map of the property and figure out which buildings are most likely to be where the vampires are staying” stated Sam as Castiel placed his medical bag on the bench next to Joshua’s side.
"Privacy for one" replied Gabriel looking pointedly at Jody and Claire. Both women narrowed their eyes at him.
" Dean. We got to go.Now" said Jody." Donna called. There's demons on their way here.  She helped him into the wheelchair she had brought him and swiftly rolled him out of the room.
While the women snipped at one another, something clicked in his head. Both women were cops. And hunters. They fought a group of vamps together a few years back. The tension in his shoulders eased a little. He knew them. They were his friends.  " Ladies. Hey!"
Gritting her teeth Claire gently grabbed Dean's right shoulder and pulled him towards herself, grunting with the effort. Dean flinched but didn't wake up. Claire wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not but figured Alex would let her know.
It struck her again, this time splitting her lip open.  Claire just gave him a bloody smile and quipped "Aww, hit a nerve hunh? I bet you're a real momma's boy" she wheezed the last bit out as the demon started choking her.She grasped at it's hands trying to break it's grip.
"Eat this you piece of shit!"Claire pulled her gun and shot it in the ribs. The demon released her and Claire fished her phone out as she backed away and began playing the recording of the exorcism. Ignoring the howls she rushed over to Dean.
Trigger warning pertaining to psychological and physical child abuse  as well as the use of slur words for LGBTTQQIAAP. Adult sexual assault/non con sex.
" Stay still!" Alex chided as she tied a knot at the end of the sutures and snipped the end with the remaining thread and needle off. Holding the needle Alex scanned Dean's injuries, making sure she hadn't missed anything.
Meanwhile, Dean and Cas broke their stalemate and Dean was now seated in the front parlor, his leg stretched in front of him while they played a game of chess.
He skidded to a halt at the top of the falls sending a cascade of dead leaves fluttering over it's ledge. He looked down in dismay. He had hoped that there would be a nice pool at the bottom but the fall wasn't even very big and there was nothing but rocks below.
The large dapple grey stallion, Sam had claimed as his own snorted its annoyance and Dean gave a sigh of his own as he pulled out the second apple from his saddlebag and held it up. The stallion snatched it from his grasp and scuffed the ground with its hoof. “Yeah well, you know the rules-ladies first!” He muttered and wished Sam had given the horse a name so he could at least curse on it properly.
"We have yet to define what is between us" answered the angel with trepidation. "You are aware of Dean's inability to deal with emotional concerns."
The rope frayed above him but not all the way through. It was actually an impressive shot. Dean heard Alex as she cursed and aimed at the demon instead and the subsequent scream told him that she got it. Maybe she had been practicing after all.
“Alright, uh listen up you two. I know you have never done anything like this before but I think you will be just fine! Remember to aim for the head, shoot first and then chop it off once they have fallen to the ground. Be careful. They are fast and they are strong! Our only advantage is to take them by surprise...”
Dean tried fighting but he was too damn drunk to defend himself. He was forced onto all fours. Something was crammed down his throat and he gagged. The rest became a blur of pain, pleasure and flashes of bright light from a camera.
Once it is safely returned he will release the prisoners, the angel Casstiel and Dean Winchester's brother Samuel," she held Jody's gaze as she spoke. "It must be returned by dusk in three days time. If you should fail to return it by then the prisoners will be executed and no mortal in these woods or any of the fae dominions will be safe ever again." Gilda finished.
"Oh? It's Ogham! Of course it is!" Dean rolled his eyes. "I'm surprised I missed that because I totally know what the fuck that is!"
Jody shook her head. "Yeah. I think so. They're flying out on the next plane. I hope that's alright? I didn't even think to ask".
There was no doubt about it. Dean had been brutally raped. Alex and Claire exchanged looks of outrage and sadness.
“We were unaware you would be returning this evening. I am afraid to say that we are unprepared...” began Cas but the man silenced him by lifting a finger, which he then gestured at Sam and Dean in accusation.
"Oh come on," exclaimed Dean cutting Sam off. "Those sons of bitches would have dumped our asses in here even if I'd kept my mouth shut!"
“M’Lord?” came Charlie’s gentle voice from the hallway. The maid had the items he requested, her eyes modestly cast downwards.
Soft lilting music filled the night air and Donna yawned. She knew she should remain alert but she was so darn tired. She laid down on the wet grass and closed her eyes. "Just need a power nap" she mumbled to herself before drifting off.
Dean had been arguing with Cas about whether he could risk moving down the stairs to sit in the front parlour as Dean was going out of his mind from being bedridden for so long.
"Might help if he had his voice back," Claire suggested when Dean still hadn't spoken up. Dean gestured in agreement.
Ten minutes later Claire plopped down on the chair she had dragged from her room into Jody's.If she was going to keep vigil she was going to do it comfortably.
"Fuck" Dean thought aloud. His fingers were too big and clumsy; the knot was too tight.He needed out of it now! His vision was tunneling and he knew that he was on the verge of passing out. " Claire?! Claire answer me! You okay?C'mon Hannah Montana, say something," he pleaded.
Satisfied with his plan Dean laid back onto his bed and closed his eyes. He could feel himself drifting. Something was stopping him though. He growled in frustration and the teather snapped.
Bile rose in her throat but she pushed it back down. Furiously she wiped away her tears. That was enough for now. Once everyone was safe she would let go completley. For now though she needed to figure out what the hell happened at the falls.
“Dean?” Sam saw the anger that was building in Dean’s face and knew he needed to defuse it before Dean could self-destruct.
Adrenaline pumping Dean knocked the bow and arrow aside and slammed his elbow into the fairy's mid section. As the fairy doubled over he grabbed the weapon from it's grasp. Turning he aimed and let loose the arrow.The arrow hit the second fairy in the shoulder with enough impact that it twirled around before falling to the ground. Still holding the bow Dean made a run for it.
“Dean...we are three days away from Uncle Bobby’s”, Sam explained. “You are in no condition to be fighting right now and we need to rest up and figure out a plan of attack.”
Dean opened his mouth in protest but Jody stopped him with what Dean knew was her "mom" look. He wasn't going to win any arguments with her. So he wouldn't try to; instead he said " Screw this!" as he swung his legs over the side of the bed again.
The woman gave Jody a sad smile. "You are clever as well as brave. You care for her very much", she stated.
"Claire" Dean rasped. The smoke was getting worse. The sound of sirens could be heard over the chaos. "I'm too weak and too damn heavy for you to carry! Go! It's okay!"
“Castiel, Gabriel, this is Samuel Winchester and the unconscious man in his arms is his brother Dean. Dean was injured in the storm.” Meg explained once they were closer. The men eyed each other warily. “Castiel is my...”
The front door was left open and the wind and snow continued to swirl through the opening, making Dean shiver in its wake. Despite this, he managed to lit his chin and square his shoulders in defiance. He did not like this man, not one little bit, beside him he could feel Sam mimicking his stance.
Smoke was curling out of one of the many chimney's and Dean couldn’t help but think of Poe’s The Fall of the House of Usher..it was derelict in appearance and a great lake seemed to stretch out on either side of the back of the impressive structure.
“Yes, I was just looking for clues as to who or what had done it when I heard a noise over this way and well...” Sam trailed off as he felt the heat rise in his cheeks.
Susanna Hoffs unique voice filled the cab as she sang "Six o'clock already and I was just in the middle of a dream..." Jody turned the volume up a few more notches and bopped her head to the beat, singing along, pretending she was a member of The Bangles.
The cauldron belonged to the fairies, specifically to the King of the fairies- Oberon. Oberon was not a fan of humans so chances were pretty good that the demon could convince the fairy king to hand it over.
A twig snapped and Dean woke with a start. His fear ebbed as he watched in wonderment as a doe drank from the river on the bank across from him.The sun was slowly setting and it's light made her brown coat shine with a reddish hue. She was beautiful.  Her ears twitched and she lifted her head. Her body was tense and without warning she bounded off into the dense brush like a shot.
This time it was Sam who turned the bright red of embarrassment. Clearing his throat he pointed to the map “Look”
"You've reached Sheriff Jody Mills, of the Sioux Falls police department. I can't..." Claire let out a strangled cry and threw the phone against the wall.
Dust fell on him from above. Then he heard the heavy boots quickly followed by voices. Dean tugged at his binds but the knots held fast. He began to double his efforts when he heard chairs scraping along the floor.
Dean paused to grab the blankets as they crossed the yard. As he lifted them a small envelope fell out. Puzzled, he grabbed it and shoved it into his pocket, he then had to jog to catch up to Sam who was already at the barn door.
Less than an hour later Pamela was clearing the supper table and the two brothers were relaxing in front of a fire with Josiah Barnes, who it turned out was quite the storyteller. Curious about the older man’s life Sam had prodded a few stories out of him, including tales of his son.
Dean had barely landed on his back before the child was on top of him. Straddling his chest and yanking his head back to expose his neck. Sam let out a yelp and Dean tried to look but Xander held him firmly in his grasp. “Sam?” he yelled before he could yell again Xander bit down hard making Dean gasp in pain.
Dean blinked against the sudden orange glow. In the distance, he could hear Sam yelling and a crackling sound accompanied by the horses whinnying. Pam’s face swam before his and he reached out to touch her but then darkness fell heavily upon him again.
" First you want me to talk, now you want me to shut up? You're sending mixed signals Sammy", says Dean.
The pair had been waiting on the other side of the open door and rushed back in. Claire was inspecting Dean, making sure the witch hadn't killed him while Jody took stock of how tired and drawn Rowena looked.
The link below is for the shirt that inspired my idea about Claire/Dean's pj bottoms. It's not a sponsor or anything I just thought you my dear reader might like a visual. 🙂
Every now and then he would moan in pain, startling Claire each time.  She was just starting to nod off when Dean screamed and sat straight up in bed.
Dean stops flirting with the pretty EMT and excuses himself, shooting Gabriel a murderous glare. "What do you want now?" Dean demanded striding over; the blanket wrapped around his broad shoulders and naked torso barely hid his shivering in the cold morning air.
“Alright, tis settled then!” smiled Dean as he stood. As soon as he did he realized that he was not wearing pants, just his britches. He lost his balance and fell back onto the bed. Cas placed the candle down on the washstand and immediately rushed to Dean’s side and helped him to stand once more.
Gabriel landed hard. "Ow!" Standing up he dusted himself off and looked around. Though it looked like nothing but darkness the archangel could see the shadows flitting about blocking the tiny pricks of light that were Dean's memories.
More crates were piled in the corner to his left and to his right was something hidden under a large square of canvas. He limped over to it and yanked it off.
Dean cringed but didn't say anything as Alex tugged his skin too tight while stiching his wounds shut. He hoped she was almost done; the pain killers were wearing off and he was struggling to keep his memories on lock down. They were still in danger and he needed to be able to fight. Needed to stow his crap and do the damn job.
“You said a lot of death that winter-what kind?” Dean’s curiosity often caused him to speak without thinking and though it could get him in trouble more often than not, it could also pay off. Luckily, for him, this was one of the pay-off questions, though he did earn an exasperated look from Sam.
Dean tried to swallow back the scream but it ripped through his lips just like the hot blade in Alistair's hand ripped through his flesh.
The figures suddenly flung themselves against the thick door. The wood buckled but held. Dean struggled to his feet and stumbled towards the door. “Hey!” he shouted at them. As he got closer he noticed that it was three boys. Faces pale and dark eyes large. Then, the clouds parted and the moonlight spilled down like a silver waterfall.
"You're a fried mother board..." grumbled Dean and then added, "Help Claire", in a much louder voice.
Dean slumped back down. He was too damn tired to chase after her to apologise. Just another incident to add to his long list of things he's fucked up. He'd find a way to make up for it later.
Charlie nodded and turned to leave but stopped and quickly crossed the room to the dresser. Opening the top drawer she indicated to Sam to look inside. A smile twitching on her lips.
" Yes, sir" replied Dean weakly. He could feel the blood welling in his mouth. Grabbing a beer out of the mini fridge John took a long swig. Dean stayed where he was. Hoping John would pass out or forget he was there.
Jody ran towards the sound of Donna's voice but each time she got close it sounded further away or it was coming from a completely different direction.
Mike shook his head. "Nonsense. You just got hit with a shit storm of trouble all at once. It's bound to mess with your thinking" he let her hand go to shrug.  "Do you need another day before we do this? I know the Stillwater Sheriff lost her house too. Odd ain't it? The two of you being hit on the same night, while you both were out and are each others alibi."
“What? I waited as long as I could! The man is clearly a giant! I was just curious! What are you, six foot five?”
"You're more than just an angel" stated Alistair. "Much stronger than the dreamy trench coat wearing menace. Hmm. Who could you be?"
"So, so get this" Sam started to tell Dean about the history of the falls as they ate their breakfast "Fairy Falls has zero fairy lore connected to it!"
“My name is Margret Masters. You may call me Meg. This is my Uncle Fergus MacLeod’s home. He is away on business for the moment but I expect him to return any day now.” She glanced up at Sam as if she were looking into his very soul.
An attractive woman with kind eyes looked at him with concern on her face. "I was hoping you could tell me", she said while passing him a bottle of water.
Rooting around the inside of the bag he pushed dirty laundry and books around until he gave an excited cry of triumph as he pulled a protein bar out. Ripping it open he took a hearty bite and smiled.
the sums in the correct columns and he ended up creating more work for the man. So, it was decided that Dean would help Missouri in the kitchen where he showed promise as a pastry chef in the mornings, and in the afternoons he would help Cas in his studies for medical practice by quizzing him from his many tomes.
“And what did Miss Barns have to say?” asked Dean raising his eyebrow. “Please tell me, he is her father and not her husband because he is way too old for that pretty little thing to be stuck with.”
" What are we up against now? Is it worse than that last bunch of whack a do witches over in Zimmerman? Cause I gotta tell ya .."
Slowly she moved closer and offered him a box of tissues. To her surprise he grabbed her and hugged her waist, his head mashed against her mid drift. "It's okay. I got you." She mumbled while awkwardly petting the top of his head. " You're safe Dean". She just kept repeating herself over and over while Dean clung to her. His sobbing shook both of them.
“No? Then why did Tommy boy here back off as soon as he told him to?” Dean argued, hoping the noise would wake Sam up.
There was no reply to his knock. Frowning he tried again, this time he rapped a little louder. Still no answer. Shaking his head he cracked the door open and peered inside. Both brothers were sprawled out on the beds, clearly, exhaustion had taken over the younger brother. The eldest shifted and Cas could see in the light a shimmer of sweat on his pale brow.
Donna was unusually quiet as Jody drove them back towards town. She had her forehead pressed against the cool glass of the passenger window and stared blankly into the darkness.
" Whatever, at least I don't look like Biker Barbie" Alex shot back with a small smile. "Now, for the fun part- changing the sheets. We'll get the dirty one off first, then change him into ...What the hell are those?"
Dean rubbed his face with his hands. He was beyond tired. He just wanted the latest shit show to be over. Fuck .
Jody sat at the kitchen table, quietly sipping her coffee. Rowena and Alex had left more than twenty minutes ago. Claire was glued to Dean's bedside.
"That's a loaded question" said Jody wryly as she put the bag she was carrying down on the floor. " Short version? You have a major concussion, a pair of black eyes- as in bruised not demon, broken ribs seven through to ten as well as some muscle bruising ,and too many lacerations to ryhme off. You're lucky to be alive!"
Wincing Dean slowly reached down to pick it up, his eyes scanning the bushes and shadows. Heart pounding he knew John was going to punish him for the screw up later on. For now though his biggest worry was the  werewolf that they had chased into the woods.
Gabriel caught Claire before she fell and zapped them into Sam's room. He laid her down on the bed and carefully tucked her in before he disappeared with a flap of wings.
After Sam managed to get Dean out of the hidden room, they went on to finish clearing out what was a rather large vampire nest inside a seminary. Setting the bodies and the building afire they took a pair of horses and rode away in the grey light of dawn both too tired to converse on their recent adventure.
The tension in her shoulders visibly eases.  "Heard you were senile. Wasn't sure if you'd remember me, old man." The relief in her voice couldn't be disguised by the sneer that went with it.
The fairy whose bow he stole ramed into him from behind sending Dean sprawling close to the lip of the cliff. He dropped the bow and he heard it as it clattered against the rocks below. He brought his arms up to protect his face as the fairy brought it's fist down.
The sound of the approaching guards reminded him that he needed to move quickly. Groaning he gingerly got back up onto his feet. He really didn't want to try the stairs again. That left him only one option.
“Shut up Gabriel,” said the brothers in unison which made Castiel chuckle. Before Gabriel could say anything more Charlie appeared in the doorway announcing lunch was served.
Grabbing the glass he drank deeply, quickly finishing it he immediately wished he had more. He felt like he hadn't eaten or drank anything in days.
By the yellow glow of the lamp light Dean looked so beaten and oddly fragile. The cuts and bruises popped  with their myriad of purples, blues and reds against his now very pale skin. If he didn't look so miserable she would have taken a few pics of him in the unicorn pj pants to tease him with later.
"Sure. Just let me pay the cheque and we can leave." Dean pushed his chair back and started to turn only to stop and point "Sam has a question for you about being a fairy". Dean grinned at Sam's bitch face and strode away.
Gabriel shot at it but the figure dodged and with unnatural speed disappeared from sight through the trees.
"What?!"said Dean and Claire in unison quickly followed by "Why?" The pair exchanged an annoyed look with one another.
Eyes blurry he looked up at her. " It's just a cold cloth" she explained. "It'll help your headache". His eyes fluttered shut and he let her go.
The fire smoke had gotten thicker, making Claire cough uncontrollably. The sound of the back door breaking had her jumping back to her feet.
Castiel threw his brother a warning look but Gabriel just smiled “What? I am curious as to what our mono symbolic friend would have said”
The bullet whizzed over his head, close enough to ruffle his hair before lodging into the side of the house. " Hey! Watch it!" He croaked wondering how long it had been since Alex fired a weapon.
Gently as he could manage Sam set Dean down on the faded olive velvet cushions. As he straightened up he took note of the shabbiness of the curtains and the peeling wallpaper. Though despite its obvious age the wood floors gleamed and there was no sign of dirt or dust on any surface.
"Here goes nothing", Dean says softly. Screwing his eyes shut he began to repeat the word "Saírse" as he ran his bloody palm down the length of the bar.  He opened one eye, the writing began to emit a silvery light. Opening both eyes he nervously takes a few steps back, just in case.
They were as green as spring grass...or like the sun shining through an emerald...Cas sat there unable to speak nor breathe as the man stared at him questioningly. Then the man’s eyes fluttered shut and the spell was broken.
The demon was now nose to nose with her. It twisted her wrist forcing her to drop her knife. "Where is he?" It demanded. Claire glared back at it.
"I'm getting too old for this shit" he thought to himself. Pain was shooting up and down his spine and he was pretty sure that he might have cracked a few ribs. His head throbbed. He wiggled his toes and checked his arms and hands. Nothing seemed broken.
“I was having trouble sleeping” replied Sam, which was partly true. He was plagued by nightmares ever since the night they escaped the vampire hoard.
" Yes, hello, Dean. Now if you're done with pleasantries get your ass over here! I canna hold this open much longer!"
Claire returned and dropped the large blue carpet bag at Rowena's feet. " If he dies, you die" she stated. Her gaze remained unwavering at the witche's.
Jody was glad Alex was staying with Donna. She was certain her friend would be more than happy to have the company and both knew how to protect themselves.
"I'm going to check on Donna. Then see if the EMT's need a hand", announced Alex before hurrying away.
“Oh come on!” argued Dean, as he shrugged Cas’ hand off “I’ll be fine, everyone knows that they are slower during the daytime!”
Sam stared at the last bottle of beer in the otherwise empty fridge. It was the third time he opened the door in the past five minutes. He doesn't know why he expects food to somehow magically appear. Closing the door again he turned to look at the bare pantry shelves and sighed heavily.
A twig snapped to his left and Sam turned towards it. Cautiously, he took the next turn and heard a soft sigh before he was greeted with the sight of Meg and Charlie wrapped in each other’s arms, embracing each other passionately.
Donna calls out and starts to give chase. The light however manages to just be out of reach every time she nearly catches up.
Instinct had him bringing the bow up as he turned to block a sword blow from the fairy he had shot. His whole body screamed in agony from the impact. Pushing through the pain Dean grabbed the arrow that was still lodged in the fairy's shoulder and ripped it out, and he followed up with a kick to it's knee, the bone shattering from Dean's steel toed boots, it screamed as it fell to the ground.
"What about you? Are you off limits too, handsome?" Gabriel flirted knowing it would piss the hunter off and wasn't disappointed by Dean's reaction.
Frowning she checked the current time and compared it to the last reply Donna sent her. Four hours. " Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," she chanted while pressing the call button. " C'mon Hanscum, pick up! "
"Wow. Dean Winchester actually thanked me! Wait a minute, just how hard did you hit your head? ", questioned Gabriel. His mirth returned as he watched Dean's attempt to think of a come back. "Careful, wouldn't want you to fry the mother board."
Dean appears fully dressed in his usual jeans, t-shirt and flannel. His hair was still glistening from the quick shower he had taken. He held out a beer bottle to each of them. He huffed in annoyance when Claire and Gabriel looked warily at him. "It's just friggin' beer! We're out of coffee. Just fucking take it will ya?"
He was back in the inky blackness from before. His whole body tensed as he sensed danger. He reached for his gun only to realise he was still dressed in pajamas. Cursing he slowly turned trying to determine where or what the danger might be.
Dean released Cas from the hug. " Where are you? Is Sam with you? What happened? I can't remember anything..."
Tears of frustration were threatening to fall when Jody suddenly noticed that the light was only emanating from the top of the toad stools. " Fuck it" she declared and gripping the branch she swept it along the mushroom stems, breaking them.
Alex took a shaky breath before instructing Claire to help her roll Dean over onto his stomach. As soon as he was settled in the new position  Claire let out her own litany of foul language.
