Finally, he's shaken out of his reverie by his name being called. Judging by Doctor Pichler's expression, she has already sought to get his attention several times before it has registered that it's his turn.
For the first three days, John doesn’t really do anything except 'recover'. Sherlock has made a note that this consists of taking pills and resting. He has offered to renegotiate with Lestrade about taking some family leave to be at home for John, but this has been waved away repeatedly. At least he's willing to put up with Edgar's presence in the flat.
You turn on the telly and retreat to your chair, pretend to watch some disaster movie full of scientific mistakes; you know Sherlock would delight in pointing out if the two of you were watching this at home.
the tub?" he asked with an apprehensive smile, then twisted his torso to stick his finger into the water. It was lukewarm at best. "I could run you a fresh one. I'm sure the boiler's already––"
Instead of their bed at home, Sherlock finds himself back at Bastion, nauseous and shivering with fever from food poisoning where he lies on the cot in John’s dusty office. Glancing up, teeth clattering in the desert night cold that has seeped into the mostly empty side building, he can see stars through the window. He hears footsteps outside, distant mortar fire, the hum and crackle of electrical wires short-circuiting. Freezing even under the coarse woollen blanket, he shoves his tingling fingers into his armpits, but the wetness there on his right flank makes him draw his hand out and inspect it in the dim light. It’s coated with a black, slick substance that cannot be anything but blood, yet it’s cold. Trailing his fingers up across his chest and down his arms underneath the borrowed T-shirt to find the source, his fingertips happen upon a hole the size of a penny on the left side of his chest. It’s still trickling blood.
What they hadn't spoken of was how those memories could strike like a sucker punch, slithering in when he was doing his damnedest to distract himself, to forget, to become numb.
," John had said with a smile when Sherlock had stammered out a bastard child of expressed gratitude and an apology for inconveniencing the man. Sherlock wouldn't be able to do as John had told him, because he always overthinks things.
"When, exactly, do you think I made such a thing clear?" John asks. His tone is careful, yet urgent.
Sherlock comes out of the bathroom and John passes him the letter without commenting on it. Sherlock goes to the kitchen table, turns his back to John and opens it. Once he's read it — perhaps twice, he gives it to John without a word, then goes to the bedroom and closes the door behind him.
. In reality, Sherlock always felt like he was one step behind. Perched on the kitchen table because he'd been too restless to pick a chair, Sherlock had forced himself not to squirm or retreat when Victor shifted to stand between his legs. Damn his body for responding so readily, so greedily. He wanted more of what they'd just done, wanted it
John reaches out for his hand, slips two fingers between Sherlock's thumb and forefinger, and Sherlock gives them a squeeze. How can such a thing have so much meaning than an entire night with someone else? Had he mistakenly equated trusting his body to them as the most present he could be with someone? He realises he'd never trusted his mind and body both to Victor, not really, because he always feared the former might be rejected. With Victor, with Christian and all the rest, he'd felt like treading water, felt like drowning. Now, with the touch of just two gentle fingers, he feels like being pulled slowly but steadily towards the surface.
"Actually, the swelling is severe enough and extends downwards to warrant this being done in the OR, plus a bilateral abscess — especially with a history of frequent tonsillitis episodes within the last year — fulfils easily the criteria for an urgent tonsillectomy."
"How is that in any way connected to me? You've said that my career gives you an inferiority complex, and that's why you wanted that final deployment in the first place."
Sherlock is staring at the incision with a mixture of horror and disbelief as Helena opens the door. You tell her an ECG is needed; at least a strip should be recorded, but restarting continuous telemetry would be even more advisable. She takes Sherlock's blood pressure with the manually operated meter from the cupboard — he hasn't had an arterial line for that for days. His oxygen saturation is normal, his BP is a bit on the low side but not alarming. No need for supplemental oxygen or vasoactive medications, at least not yet. The portable pulse ox shows a fast, irregular rhythm.
John dries his hand in the kitchen towel. He looks calm, fond, a bit resigned. He huffs, and that sound is very like the self-deprecating, cornered animal I am today.
He's still tachycardic, blood pressure fluctuating a bit. Saturation perfect. He clearly hates the mask, tries to pull it off, even tries to sit up with his eyes still closed, then collapses back onto the mattress with a long, agonised groan of pain. He tries to push your hands away, grimaces as the effort of trying to turn to his side on the bed strains his chest wound.
Sherlock would likely not be allowed to shower this early after such surgery, but we know how persuasive the Holmes brothers can be…
"Let's extrapolate, then. We've agreed that medical training does not protect from the emotional impact of such behaviour from strangers in a professional setting. What about in a family setting outside of the professional sphere? Would a healthcare professional be unsettled by such an encounter then?"
You keep playing that argument you had with him in your head, the one about whether he's a patient or not. It appears he's finally embraced that role, but this isn't what you wanted. You wanted cooperation; you wanted realistic thinking, and you wanted optimism. Does that sound like Sherlock, ever?
"John is well on his way to recovering from formally diagnosed, uncontested PTSD, but there were months between his injury in Afghanistan and the start of his therapy during which he must have suffered from an untreated acute stress reaction developing towards an untreated post-traumatic stress disorder. Flashbacks during which he reacted violently to things his mind suspected being a threat were logical — they were symptoms of a psychiatric illness. That means that he did not intend to hurt you when those things happened. What it
Bethany's gaze flips from John to Sherlock and back. Yosuke accepts a print strip of the latest blood gas measurements, but doesn't even look at it, just places it on a table. The atmosphere is confused and expectant and the nurses preparing the drugs are moving much slower than usual. They must have realised that what they're doing will be useless.
"I've not let things slide! I've done everything in my power to arrange things during your convalescence," Sherlock protest.
A glance up from his notes reveals a woman in the second row nodding emphatically while holding the hand of a restless teenage girl. Sherlock wonders why she had brought such a young family member to the lecture.
"Make sure he's not forced to confront things he's not ready to confront. Refraining from trying to address that earlier incident you spoke about until the immediate crisis is over is a part of that, as is protecting him from the media."
John notes that the haemoglobin is low, and the patient's calcium stores have been depleted — there has to be a bleed somewhere. Thankfully, sodium and potassium values are normal despite the use of suxamethonium. There is a likely severe airway burn since oxygenation is tanking despite the patient being administered 100 % of it through the intubation tube.
I want to smoke. I want to use. I don't want to disappoint john. I know I am on probation. I should be.
John brakes gently to allow the last of a flock of sheep to cross the road. The interior is farmland — small patches which used to feed a family each, now mostly for sheep. Ahead of them, down a low hill, Sherlock can see the road getting wider and houses huddled closer together.
He remembers he doesn't have his phone. These past few days have made him realise how attached he is to the thing, how reliant on the vast amounts of information it can provide a person he’s become. It’s invaluable to his work, but here…
"You know perfectly well how I am, since you're spying on me." The smile that quirks up Sherlock's lip tells John he's just teasing and not disapproving. They spy on each other's thoughts and emotions all the time, and neither would change it for the world.
"Or once a year like Anderson," Sherlock mutters, then feels embarrassed because it sounds so very pot, kettle right now.
"We could just have some tea, then. Groatie Buckie's not open today, so we might as well go see if we can borrow that key."
Sherlock snatches the clip introducer from Jane's hand and shoves it in, hoping for the best because hope and luck is all he has — his skills might help him navigate blind, but he doesn't even have time to consider the optimal angle for the clip.
"Like any antiarrhythmic drug, it can have side effects, particularly in combination with other heart drugs," a nurse replies.
"I promise you that when all this is over, I'm taking you to Xitaka and we'll have so much lobster they'll have to roll us home in wheelbarrows." The waterfront restaurant has been well established as their favourite spot for seafood in Ponta Delgada.
"You are still his mother — his words, not mine — and that makes you important, regardless of how difficult your relationship is. He has taken several active steps in sharing things in his life with you. It means that he has not given up on you and thinks your relationship warrants making an effort."
Sherlock, visibly frustrated, rises from the sofa and goes to the bedroom, John is polite pursuit. Sherlock discards his dressing gown and slumps down to sit on the bed while John watches from the doorway.
When he gets home after seven in the evening, John has set the table with some takeaway, poured them both a glass of wine, lit a candle and put some music on. He's picked the topmost CD in the pile Sherlock has been listening to lately — perhaps John hadn't trusted himself to choose from his husband's collection.
"Oh." Sherlock's lip quirks up. "Am I to deduce the village GP has a temper, then?" He has the distinct sense that John is making some vague point with this story.
When John climbs out of the carriage with his worn duffel bag, a familiar figure is standing by the station attendant's booth, hands in the pockets of a long, handsome coat with the collar turned up for warmth in the wind. He's scanning the sparse burst of passengers unloading onto the platform, somehow looking aloof and indifferent
"Someone who routinely makes very detailed assessments for high-performing operatives who frequently sustain head injuries."
He takes a moment, expects the audience to start to fidget, but they never do. John looks as though he desperately wants to join Sherlock on the podium.
"I suppose you've convinced yourself that eyes meeting across a crowded bar before a conference in a bathroom stall is more dignified, then? More
The Royal Doulton cups arranged onto a server hardly seemed like something the likes of Victor would choose for a quick cuppa.
"You can have your own bedroom upstairs, if you want to be very Victorian about this whole thing," Sherlock points out. "I wouldn't mind."
The next morning, he goes through his neglected email box and accepts a case in Gillingham. He takes it because he wants to see if leaving London might ease the weight off his shoulders. It turns out to be a simplistic affair solved in a matter of hours: a swindled family fortune involving a fake will. He should have known better; the unfamiliar Kent surroundings do nothing but worsen his sense of alienation from his own life. He's had a taste of a different existence, now — one in which there is real companionship, someone whose arrival he looks forward to every day.
He tilts his head, blinks, as though seeing the now dry surgical field could somehow give him a clear, renewed perspective. He then cranes his neck in the opposite direction, feeling the eyes of the staff on him.
"You can do this, John," Joanna assures him. "If you weren't the best thing for him at both the best and the worst times, your relationship wouldn't have endured all these years."
"I took a few days off. Thought I'd show you the Centre tomorrow," Sherlock tells the ceiling. His eyes are open, and in the dim moonlight streaming through the half-closed curtains they look dark and colourless.
"I'll give you Irene's number if you're so deprived of human contact that you feel the desire to poke into the sex lives of others." He doesn't know that I know she's alive. He doesn't know, as far as I know, that I've seen her. Texted her. Though not lately. No interest. Mostly, she just needles me about John. It's quite pathetic, really, her obsession with me and relationships that don't even concern her. Maybe she and my brother would be a match made in heaven.
"No, but she's a psychiatrist which means that she's been trained to put two and two together when her clients can't see the connections themselves."
Not that Sherlock even looks at the article. John, who never buys the Mirror because he loathes the Mirror, had purchased the issue only to find it thrown in the pile of old papers used for getting a fire going in the sitting room hearth.
Suddenly, he can't bear not to be known. He had befriended John under false pretences, pretended to be someone else, but in not knowing him, John had
. That promise cannot silence his neurotransmitters, which are screaming for something soothing in the absence of John.
, but Sherlock doesn't want to make a premature assumption of being past this dark period before a few months have passed. The topic of medication has not been brought up again, to his relief, and he hopes revisiting that topic will not be necessary.
You're tempted to remind Sherlock that it's important to be honest about pain levels — badly treated acute post-operative pain is a risk factor for long-term pain problems. It's just that he's got a history, the kind that you know also predisposes him to drug-seeking behaviour. Any self-assessment of pain levels from a patient is subjective at best, but there are no objective measurements of pain that can be done bedside. You'll have to take his word for it, in the context of what you see on the monitors.
“Mister Collings just called us say Mister Watson is in recovery and is expected at the ward in an hour.”
Sometimes Sherlock talks in his sleep. Sometimes he drools on the pillow. And the more John sees of this side that isn't so carefully controlled, so calculated and perfect to ward off others, the deeper he falls in love with the man.
All the little things we never got to see when an army doctor and a consulting detective were adjusting to sharing a flat. And a life.
“What does he do?” John’s head swivels around and his gaze follows Wiggins until the younger man disappears around a corner.
“Hello?” she answers in a disinterested tone on the third ring — he had hoped that she wouldn't be available.
John chuckles, shaking his head. "I'm hesitating, because you just marched in–– well, got dragged in by your brother to see me, and now we're solving crimes and moving in together."
When he returns to the library, you're on your feet, having read in his expression that a plan has been formulated.
"They don't really work for cardiology but for the anaesthesia unit, but I can check the theatre tracking program for you in case the name pops up," she suggests. After some clicking, she looks up at you again. "That would be Dr Marsh?"
John takes a short lunch break at two in the afternoon after working for seven hours straight. Taking off and putting the protective gear back on again is such a chore that he won't do it unless he absolutely has to. He knows he should be drinking more water, especially since under all that plastic he sweats like a bloody pig, but toilet breaks require the same tedious and complex routine as all other decontamination-requiring endeavours. Remove gloves. Disinfect hands. Put on new gloves. Remove visor and disposable hat. Remove gloves, disinfect hands, put on new gloves. Remove protective gown. Rinse and repeat the hand stuff. Finally, remove the protective mask which makes breathing feel like it's being done through a straw.
Sherlock arranges an elbow half under John's pillow so that he can lean his cheek on his palm. He looks expectant.
He pats dust off the weighted blanket and spreads it onto the foot of the bed, hoping this will signal without calling Sherlock out that it's fine.
"I'll take that as a yes." Bickering with Sherlock feels calming in its familiarity, but the topics today are a reminder that what's going on with Sherlock didn't start yesterday.
"I need to move my morning operation so I can attend." Sherlock sits up, rolls his shoulders. He still needs to dictate his surgical notes, needs to go to the ward to–– to––
"Yes, there are BMA and other courses, materials one can read, good examples from which one can learn, and I have had many people qualifying as such at my disposal at King's," Sherlock confirms. "Sometimes I bring with me to a patient meeting someone who is better at it than I, but I like to think I can manage in most cases. It feels fake, saying certain well–meaning standard phrases such as
The bleeding is still profuse and clearly arterial; Sherlock has to wonder if there a third aneurysm the radiologists had missed. It's easy to tell when the adenosine takes effect, not just from the sudden alarm of asystole on the monitors, but also from seeing how the bleeding ceases. Sherlock does some more frantic suctioning, then uses small swabs held in his forceps and finally, he can make out something glittering at the bottom of the incision.
He can imagine them all sitting in a circle, horrified at what Sherlock has done. The gossip mill will be burning hot for the next few days; doctors seem to have a knee-jerk reaction to mistakes others make where they feel a need to judge and gossip. John says it might be something they do to distance themselves from the fact that it could've been them.
"As we discussed last time, these things don't ever happen at the right time, and often when it rains, it pours. How did John receive you after our last session?"
Still, you'd do anything to make things better for him, including indulging his self-denial if it gets him a nice, relaxing shower.
Sherlock looks out the window. The glass is old; Sherlock recognises it as blown cylinder glass. It had been a cheap variety, judging by the waviness. It distorts the warm yellow sunlight coating the still sea into ripples resembling egg yolk. Were Sherlock an artist, he'd be tempted to paint it with broad, forceful watercolour strokes with very little water in the brush. Then, he'd use thin strokes to paint John standing by that table next to the boathouse, knife in hand and a cod held firmly down against the board, biceps flexing inside a worn-thin plaid shirt. Sherlock would immortalise the salt and black pepper in his hair, the worry and laughter lines etched on his features that are in constant motion. He'd capture that secretive half-smile that occasionally smooths through the creases that make John look older than his years.
Every night, my heart constricts in my chest because yet another day has gone by when I've betrayed the promise we made to each other after Sherrinford:
He'd never had the upper hand with Victor, had he? With John Watson, if he guards his secrets carefully, he might convince himself he could have that control just this once.
Lestrade chuckles mirthlessly. "You're doing a fine job incriminating yourself, sure." He clears his throat. "I would never tell any colleague off for asking for help. I was just surprised and that's what I said to John; that I didn't expect you to want an assistant for the rest of it. I was surprised you'd get spooked like that since I've seen you handle the worst of the worst without a hitch."
He opens the lid, and you're astounded to see what looks like the user interface of intensive care patient records. He places it on the cafeteria table in front of you. Next to it, your tea's gone cold.
"Haemorrhagic stroke, most likely; not uncommon in elderly humans, either," Sherlock replies quietly. His voice is hoarse. He pulls his phone out from his pocket, places it on a side table in the foyer next to where George has just dropped his car keys. "His left pupil blew wide in the car. He had another seizure at the clinic, didn't––" he swallows raggedly, turns back to his coat now hanging in the rack, and pulls out Natch's collar from the pocket. When he turns to face the others again, tears are trailing down his cheeks.
"Have a seat, Mr Holmes," Lestrade says. He never calls Sherlock that except in very official circumstances.
She suddenly remembers John chiding her during that dreadful Christmas for using such terms to describe Sherlock.
Unsure whether this is any sort of a triumph in achieving a patient-doctor rapport, John stands up and indicates the door. "I'll show you to Maura's office; she'll set you up with a new cast. I'll bring the prescription and the appointment times there once I've sorted them."
And that is why Sherlock now grabs his phone, hands clammy with cold sweat and dials a number not programmed into his phone but which he had memorised earlier that day.
"I bet he's looking forward to that," John jokes. "Um… I can't come and pick him up since I can't drive with my pain meds."
Sherlock doesn't recognise the word, he so is forced to resort to guesswork. "Occupational therapy?"
Sherlock leaves John to his boathouse repairs and heads back to the Drever house. They'd agreed he'd return at six in the evening. Sherlock needs an afternoon for himself, too, since there is one thing he must sort out before being in John’s proximity again: having a proper wash. He's carrying the grime of six days without a shower, and while that may have been tolerable on a fishing trip, it certainly won't do for an evening in. What is worse is that Sherlock is convinced his hair will permanently be infused with the scent of brine unless it's washed. Never mind if he doesn't have any proper products save for the goop the village store had in their selection. It'll have to do. The main problem is that he has no shower. Standing starkers in the windy back garden, pouring warm water from a bucket onto his head does not entice, and he is sure as hell not going to traipse back to John's asking to use his facilities. Tonight won’t be a date, not really — for all he knows, John might be straight. What it is, is an invitation for male companionship, and Sherlock is at the point where he'll take any kind he's offered, never mind how far he’d be willing to take things. The thoughts that keep drifting through his head laced with hopes for more than a friendly encounter are nothing but the products of an idle mind that hasn't experienced in months the sort of high only sex can offer.
John raises a brow at this just as he had at Edgar's presence when they had arrived, but he says nothing. Edgar is in the front seat of the cab, ready to make some more notes as they make their way home via the NVS Pharmacy at 46 Baker Street. John has been prescribed paracetamol, an anti-inflammatory and oxycodone; Sherlock would have expected co-codamol, which contains the milder opioid codeine. He asks John about it.
Sherlock's rod hasn't shown any signs of being disturbed by an unfortunate cod, so there's little to do except sink into his own thoughts or focus on John, and John is infinitely more interesting right now than wallowing. Sherlock watches him reaching underneath his raincoat, then rolling and kneading his shoulder — first from the front, then the back. That's not how people typically act when just trying to rid themselves of a crick in his neck.
Right now, you'd gladly go back to being a punching bag if it meant Sherlock was fighting to get back to his life.
John isn't done. "Don't pull away from me when you're having a difficult time, because it just makes it worse when I can't be there for you. It's the worst when you think nobody understands and that you're on your own. I made the mistake of thinking that about you in and after Afghanistan and I was so wrong that it nearly wrecked us. You don't have to keep convincing me that you're worthy of our marriage. You don't have to justify my choice in partner to other people. It's my choice, and it's my job to defend us. Yours, too, but not because you think I need excuses to be with you. Anyone who wonders why we're together can fuck right off. I don't care about anybody's opinion of you except my own and yours, and clearly, yours is much worse than mine. I want to change that. I need to change that, and it sounds like Pichler's in my corner with that?"
— tells Sherlock that while she'd stated he's taking a personal day might signal they've spoken about this, softening that up with such an obfuscating addition says otherwise. "He's alright, isn't he? Have you spoken with him today?"
"Could point to the suspect having struck him from a lower position. As you said, perhaps he was picking up the axe after dropping it." Holmes' eyes have narrowed, and his fingertips are resting thoughtfully on his lower lip.
Doctor Pichler had emailed Sherlock yesterday, asked if he wants to book a session. She'd referred to the message he'd sent her that night when he'd been more tempted to use than he'd been in years. But he didn't use, did he? He disposed of the cocaine-meth mixture. Why would he need her if he could do that on his own? He tells her he's too busy with assisting John with his recovery to consider a session in the near future.
"Nevertheless. Men like him are the worst possible choice for someone like you," Mycroft mused morbidly, placing two fingers of whisky in a tumbler on the small side table next to Sherlock's armchair.
"Cavendish Square Gardens?" The small green space won't give them a long promenade, but it's the closest park she can think of.
"So you get to traipse around the world for two years without giving a toss about me, but Lord forbid I want to take off for two weeks?"
"Then let him. Perhaps even tell him about the things you feel nervous about? Let him do this for you, Sherlock. I think that allowing yourself to rely on his partnership would be good for you, and to accept that it is in no way a failure on your part. We all want and need the support of our partners when we face new situations and stressful social interaction. You're not the only one worried about encountering such scenarios, and one doesn't need to be on the autism spectrum to be wary in that way. This can be a very good experience in terms of ridding yourself of some of your oldest, most resilient fears."
Finally, the Executive Director relents. "After entering the neurosurgical ward, the suspect demanded to speak to a neurosurgeon whose name he didn't even know at that time. At gunpoint, he made a nurse open the records of a deceased patient to verify the name of the surgeon. After learning what it was — Holmes — he was dissatisfied with the fact that Holmes wasn't at the ward. They told him it was after office hours so doctors would have gone home."
"Anything else on your mind?" Collings asks and doesn’t sound annoyed that Sherlock has woken him up.
"Some autistic individuals do, but not all. It depends on many things: their coping skills, their communication level, their other psychological and physical issues. Sherlock is, of course, what would have been described back in the day as a high-functioning autistic person, which comes with many strengths but also its own set of challenges. That being said, many neurotypical medical professionals seek counselling during their careers. It is an emotionally taxing profession, and it's best to address problems before they begin to affect one's ability to practice. Such a profession requires quite sturdy mental coping skills."
. By the time the soprano voices bring the theme into fuller bloom, Sherlock is feeling the beginnings of claustrophobia. The spellbinding acoustics and oppressive gothic architecture of the Union Chapel are elevating the overwhelmingly rich tone of the composition into a sensory tidal wave. Sherlock's scalp is crawling with static, his heart is clenching in his chest, and he realises this is precisely what his brother had intended — to use this devilishly beautiful sacral music to break through his defences, to shake him out of his paralysed reverie. To make him express what he's tried to suppress.
Does he believe that, or does a stubborn part of him still think he should have stayed and given it more of a try?
Mycroft had said that the results would also take into account Sherlock being on the autism Spectrum. You omit mentioning this and doubt that Sherlock would ask about it. He'll probably just assume it won't get factored in and that such an oversight will skew the results.
Sherlock swallows. "John will be worried if I tell him things but… perhaps he'll appreciate being kept updated?"
"Typical story for a wrist injury, trying to stop a fall with an outstretched hand," John replies with a nod.
John bids his colleagues a hasty farewell and hurries downstairs to the staff canteen. He'd planned on grabbing a quick sandwich for lunch since he's got back-to-back meetings all day, but when he gets close to the sales counter, he freezes.
John goes to knock on the bedroom door and realises that it's been left ajar. Sherlock is sitting on the bed, shoulders hunched. The raw, naked shock on his features unsettles John and floods him with anxiety. He goes to stand by the bed and pulls Sherlock by the shoulders against his torso for a hug.
In court, John had heard what had happened in the operating theatre. He'd seen the surveillance camera tapes and heard the testimonies of other staff members present. Fairholme had been drunk when he walked into King's College Hospital with a gun. No sensible conversation had been possible with him. In the OR, Sherlock had tried to reason with him, tried to explain himself, but it had taken him some time to even remember which patient they were discussing, and that had angered Fairholme even more. Sherlock had refused to stop operating because he was at a stage where he couldn't let the dural sack dry up, and he needed to cauterise small bleeds so that he could see the surgical field. When Fairholme had approached the operating table, it threatened to compromise the sterile field, so Sherlock had grabbed the scalpel he'd used to make the skin incision and stabbed him in the arm; John's heart had swelled with pride when he'd seen that CCTV footage in court. That attempt by Sherlock to protect the patient on the table had made Fairholme fire the weapon again. Fairholme had looked a bit stunned when he'd realised that he'd hit the scrub nurse, and that's when the police had stormed the OR.
"This is my brother," Mycroft said primly to Victor. "I'm afraid your intel may have cost him his current hobbyist detective case."
"You look very nervous, John. That can be contagious. All he needs from you is to be present, to be there for him. "
"Well, the bar is still all green, and they're in the middle of their designated, I mean planned, OR time. I'm sorry, that's all I can tell you since I can't open the detailed patient timestamp records without due reason. I'll try calling him."
Violet enters after a single knock. As a teenager, Sherlock had learned to anticipate her arrival from the creaking of the steps rather than from that knock. It was a necessary skill to ensure enough time to get off the bed and pull his pants and trousers back up. Now, he doesn't even turn away from facing the wall.
"You have all the bloody CCTV, don't you? How much clearer a picture do you need? These people have had a hell of a day; how about giving it a rest and conducting your interviews later?" John knows they didn't have audio, at least not initially, so they need to interview those who were in there to find out what was said, but can't all that wait?
Sherlock slams the door behind him and walks into the icy fog that has swallowed London while he'd taken this vile but educational detour. Tyburnia's Radnor Mews where Christian calls home is within a short walking distance from home, and he needs to clear his head, anyway.
After the sun has set, his laptop dies as its battery becomes drained. Maybe it had warned him of this impending event and maybe he'd just ignored it and then forgot. He drops down to sit on the floor where he'd been leaning on his haunches so he could move around the medical puzzle of notes and printouts. A clear enough picture has emerged of what he can expect, although the aftermath of the tumour removal may complicate his prognostic assessment.
Close to retirement age and with two prosthetic hips, Alan Landers is the dinosaur of the department, but only physically: he's a highly respected, quick-witted and clever neurosurgeon who has trained with some of the best in Britain — including Jan Andreason, Sherlock's once-mentor. Alan is King's College's arterio-venous malformation specialist, and very few other surgeons could take over his more challenging cases. Sherlock is one who could, though.
His right hand, the one without a pulse oximeter clip and an arterial line, clenches into a fist. He's got a bit ashen in the face, but the saturation reading on the monitor is still fine. He reaches up to try to pry off the oxygen mask again, and you stop him.
"Of course, she was worried. But she is satisfied with my progress and my self-control. As am I," Sherlock adds.
"This is the first session you've booked in some time. I cannot show up at your doorstep and fireman-carry you here, now can I?" she asks amicably, with a touch of playfulness in her tone. "You reached out to me recently via email but did not respond to my reply."
Out in the distance, on the relentlessly rolling grey waves, the outline of an RIB appears. He shifts his balance, a knot forming in his stomach.
John sighs. If only Sherlock understood that the things that he thinks are so difficult aren't exactly easy for other people, either. Relationships and commitment? John had thought them so daunting that he'd ran as far as he could for years and years if someone wanted to build something like that with him. Dealing with all kinds of people at work — staff, patients, administration — all that gives John grey hairs, too. Of course it's more of a challenge for Sherlock, who can't read people very well, who has little sense of what is socially appropriate. As for being in touch with one's own emotions — John can hardly boast grand success at it after Afghanistan, and that's what had nearly broken their marriage, wasn't it? Not something that Sherlock did or said or didn't do or say. He'd never want to belittle the way being autistic has affected and continues to affect Sherlock's life — John suspects he most likely underestimates its impact on a regular basis — but in many ways it makes Sherlock really
The psychiatrist looks slightly hesitant. "Perhaps we should return to the question that brought you here today. You said that you were unsure of whether telling him about his sister would be a good idea or not. In telling him, you would extend the pain you feel over losing her into Sherlock's emotional sphere. Would doing so offer any benefits for him, do you think?"
Five hours later, the tyres of the last car which had filled this corner of Snowdrop Lane with visitors spins a bit in the gravel as the vehicle pulls away. Violet and George are still out front seeing their guests off. Sherlock has disappeared into the house while Mycroft and John are still sitting in the warm evening sunlight of the back garden, treating themselves to leftover morsels from the buffet table. It's a bit warm for hot drinks, so they're having mineral water instead of putting the kettle on.
Anger rises in John. Yet another example of how that bloody bastard had not really wanted Sherlock, but something he could dominate and shape to his liking.
"Oh." Sherlock halves a breadstick, offers one end to John, and then begins chewing on his half thoughtfully. Does John feel…
His thinking does contain some logic, but even every lilo you've slept on has offered a better rest than an army cot. Still, there could be no cot at all, so you nod. Saying thank you seems… beside the point.
"Doctor John Watson, though he was not a chaperone. I am aware of the difference between the terms as per the GMC's official undertakings glossary. A chaperone is a compulsory shadow for pre-defined situations; a mentor is an advisor for a person allowed to carry on with their work independently. I find assigning a mentor a much less severe sanction semantically."
John sips his coffee, opens his tablet and taps through the day's headlines from some of the larger papers and the tabloids. What happened at King's yesterday is the leading news in the latter but — thankfully — not the former. The Times are, however, giving it plentiful coverage in the domestic section. The tabloids, in particular, have latched on to what they're describing as the heroism of the OR team who never stopped operating even though a gun was pointed at them, and they've found out who the neurosurgeon of the team had been. The Guardian has unearthed screenshots from the BBC documentary in which Sherlock was featured.
Sherlock has no idea what a 'groatie buckie' is, but it does not sound very enticing. John marches into the community centre and talks to the woman he had mentioned earlier. Sherlock has already forgotten her name, which is unusual for him — usually he files such things in the Mind Palace, the archives there ready to be consulted quickly. He's getting rusty in this place with nothing but the flight patterns of birds to deduce.
"He says you'd already stopped the bleed and that you did fine during the rest of the tumour removal."
, they get into all kinds. I've a physician friend who says a frightening percentage of trauma patients are inebriated or the victims of accidents caused by inebriated people." Molly's patients are now always dead, but once, she'd worked in London's emergency rooms like all junior doctors.
"Well," John starts, "I remember talking to Pichler about you, how you think and how your brain works, and that was really helpful." He wants to bite his tongue when he sees the flash of anger and hurt in Sherlock's quick glance at him.
Angus is, after all, the one who's seen him and John together. The man must be the closest approximation to a friend John has these days.
"Give me a minute," you tell Sherlock, and go to the nurses' station, leaning close enough to read the name tag of the nurse who'd welcomed Sherlock back to the ward. "Shirley?"
Right now, he needs to decide if getting rid of this anxiety is more important than some imaginary gold star of non-smoking.
. You pray for a swift, uneventful anaesthesia induction by a skilled team capable of ensuring that every patient gets administered enough of hypnotics. You hope for the best surgeon who does these operations every week. You try not to think of a chest being cut open, of blood being drained into the roller pumps of a cardiac bypass. You try not to think, period, but that just makes things worse. How can you forget any of it, when the very place you wander the halls of like some vengeful wight offers no respite from the sense of illness?
She's taken the chair next to him instead of opposite and places her hand on his shoulder. Usually such things bother him, make him want to shake off the contact like a dog would want to evict a fly sitting on its back fur but now, he feels so rotten that he's indifferent to it, barely even notices. It's rare that he should feel so out of himself, so withdrawn from the world.
He'd forgot to bring his only pair of clean underwear, so he'll wear none tonight. He sure as hell won't ask Angus to borrow him some; the old fool would probably offer him something along the lines of an embroidered codpiece. Sherlock had caught a glimpse of the man's bedroom and storage room when he'd asked for a towel and a shirt; that’s when Angus had led him into the bowels of the lighthouse’s annex. In the storage room stood an old, ornate, white-painted wardrobe, the doors of which wouldn't even close properly after being swollen by the moist sea air. Inside, the shelves were stuffed full of vintage clothes for both men and women: sleeping garments with delicate lace, moth-eaten velvet jackets, even a bustled black dress that must've been worn at funerals.
"When were you last tested for Strep A? Even in carriers thought to be asymptomatic, the infection seems to be able to cause low-grade chronic inflammation." Sherlock had done some PubMed-browsing during the car ride.
"Mister Holmes?" Halloran asks, possibly not for the first time; Sherlock had managed to distance himself from the conversation.
"I think I will need them, yes." John grimaces. "I am so not looking forward to the next few weeks. At the ward they at least had the quick-acting stuff for when it really hurts a lot."
They could be anyone they want tonight. William, a hedge fund manager and Christian, profession already deleted if he'd even told it to Sherlock. They're ships passing in this foggy London night, their true intentions safely concealed behind walls built with regret and the need for self-preservation. This could be exactly what Sherlock needs.
"It's not just fight or flight that our brains can choose. To freeze is what happens to many people who don't encounter stressful situations very often and who don't have professional training to help them cope. And those three options are not the only ones. There is also the tactic of removing oneself cerebrally from the situation. Many survivors or extreme trauma have described feeling as though they were watching the scene unfold from outside themselves, or stated that they felt estranged from themselves, couldn't recognise their own thoughts or feelings afterwards."
Sherlock scrambles to come up with a new topic of conversation, but John gets there first, surprising him by suggesting Sherlock could have a rest before the meal since he still looks so pale and tired.
'Flatmate tore his Achilles tendon and broke ankle two years ago. On crutches for weeks, poor thing,' Edgar replies.
He tilts his head a bit, regards her with dismissal, and only barely keeps himself from crossing his arms defensively. "If that's the case, then why would you have waited to address it? Isn't that what I pay you for, to fix things, to fix me?"
"Sherlock," he says. It's a word clenched through teeth — an insistent command, not an apologetic excuse.
"Yes, I do," you confirm. "I'm still embarrassed by how I treated some of the staff at the rehab I got sent to after Afghanistan."
"Weird bunch, those Ardles," John says deadpan. "This one got named because it's always been keen on ladies. Wouldn't care about its own best interest when it chased them. Hence the name. The last time I heard it got out they found it trying to hump the Buchanan kids' pedalled toy tractor."
Unlike Victor, who had crowded Sherlock in the kitchen later that night in the safe house from which they could have already left.
John chews the inside of his cheek — a nervous tell, and then grimaces. Maybe the gesture hurts his tonsil removal scars.
"I wondered about that, too," Joanna says. "Some of them might experience delayed symptoms of stress once the process is over. The article didn't detail how long after the process had ended the survey was conducted, or whether some of them were still in the middle of it."
As the case progresses, you feel that familiar, tinglingly exciting tension of getting closer and closer, a sense of a predator circling their prey as Sherlock's deductions close doors to investigative cul-de-sacs and open new ones towards revelation. Finally,
He's never been good at being drunk. Either too self-aware to reach proper inebriation due to limiting his intake — or too soon tipping over the edge to sleepy and uncoordinated, he has never experienced the carefree laissez-faire which had seduced his university classmates to Cambridge's bars evening after evening. He was always the serious one, the viper-tongued one, the one who was always alone.
"Can you give me an example of a specific quote? As much as I enjoy your colourful descriptions, they are a subjective representation of him."
After pouring himself some more coffee for fortification, he takes his mug to the sofa and notices a slim eyeglass case left behind on the music stand.
"I have told at least a dozen doctors in this bloody hospital the same, that I no longer use. Yet I get lectured today as though I'd just snuck to the loo to shoot up."
, he reminds himself and grits his teeth. "Three Vicryl," he commands, and once he's received the thread and the needle driver, he starts suturing up the dura mater.
"The radiologist's report says flow diverter stent on the left. They must've dictated it wrong, or maybe the typist made a mistake," Dr Kim suggest. "The report's wrong," she tells Sherlock, sounding morbidly relieved. She seems to think they found the cause of this mishap, but she hasn't. Not really.
"You're really distracted. I don't think you'll get much done at GOSH today, which means you'll just get frustrated."
You hope, at least, that the move out of the ICU might have some symbolic value as inching him closer to a day when he gets to go home.
"According to what you've just told me, John is showing profound awareness of how alien the army environment is for you and has expressed confidence in your ability to cope based on what happened in Afghanistan. What he was telling you is that he's not taking you begrudgingly, that he's not taking you there to test you. Instead, he's taking you there because he's proud of you and wants you there by his side. You should wear whatever you feel comfortable in and I'm sure John will enjoy and appreciate your choice."
"Is there even a barber here or do you lot just put a bowl on your head and scissor around the rim?" Sherlock asks, frustrated.
A very visceral guilt grips John. Sherlock — who hates being a patient and struggles with even just going to the dentist for a check-up — has gone through something deeply alone.
BMA = British Medical Association. This is the doctors’ collegial union that negotiates pay contracts etc. The GMC is the General Medical Council, a government body monitoring the competency and ethical conduct of doctors. If you do something naughty as a physician, the BMA will still be your friend, but the GMC is the people you need to be very, very afraid of.
, confirmed the one thing Sherlock just might be willing to change in his own thinking right now. It feels as though it breaks something in him, something that needed to break because
The 180 in behaviour Sherlock has executed overnight from upset and frightened to imperious doesn't surprise John; he's seen these things happen with Sherlock before.
Not even an hour has passed before he gains another admirer. This one says he’s called Christian. It doesn’t matter if it’s even true. Sherlock indulges his attention — it's a good disguise for watching the other patrons. Eventually, though, Christian's perseverance and good looks begin to compete with the case for Sherlock's interest. The buzz of alcohol in his veins is making his limbs and tongue loose, the pull for something more nearly impossible to ignore.
The radio gets suddenly much louder. Sherlock knocks again and hears a bang and then some faint cursing.
"I don't want anything," he says, aware of how spiteful his tone is. "You could ask, for once, and not assume."
Sherlock suddenly draws a sharp breath, fingers fumbling as he buttons up his coat and kicks away the plastic coveralls into a pile with the blanket. "I didn't leave post-op instructions for the patient."
"What's going on?" Sherlock demands. In the seat closest to Lestrade's desk he recognises the chief of radiology, Dr Lisa Spray.
John knows that emergency responders should never endanger their own lives when attending to a patient. The site needs to be secured first by the police, but that will cost a bleeding gunshot wound patient precious minutes.
Forty-eight hours earlier he was still in London, and he still had his phone. Now, his possessions consist of the clothes he's wearing, small torch and a plastic bag he'd been given by his train companion. There are abrasions on his wrists from the cable ties his kidnappers had used four days ago, and he feels a fresh batch of rage towards his brother swell up. Admittedly it's not Mycroft's fault that Sherlock had managed to piss off the Russian mafia, got himself into a bit of a diplomatic pickle with Mossad, and is on the kill list of a Sheffield-based motorcycle gang. It is, however, his brother's fault that he's not headed for an MI6 safe house somewhere nice and warm. Instead, Mycroft had confiscated his phone and told him no uncertain terms to '
"Don't… know," he answers and finally seems to be able to draw a calmer breath. He closes his eyes momentarily and leans against the backrest. "On the… stairs, yes. Haven't been… sleeping well."
"They said she got a minimum amount of sedation, opioid plus relaxant for tubing. We've just given her rocuronium, ketamine and fentanyl," Yosuke replies dutifully.
Andrew unravels the dressing covering the wad of gauze which has exerted pressure on the arterial puncture site. He cleans the wrist, checks that it doesn't start bleeding again, then covers it with a fresh, thin bandage.
He gives her an unaffected glance and lifts his bare feet on a footstool by the armchair. "John would have laughed."
Sherlock leans back in his chair, turning slightly to look at John whose gaze is patient but expectant. "That was… good."
He is startled violently awake just after two in the morning, cold sweat prickling his neck and his chest heaving. He swallows down bile and gathers the covers tighter around himself, feeing chilled to the bone and wanting protection from the empty dark of the bedroom.
“No, you don’t. That’s the thing, Sherlock, you don’t have to, because you're not in charge of the case. You––
"That works." John drops his phone into his pocket, plants his feet on the lino to stand up, then marches to the floor desk manned by a uniformed officer.
he tries to tell himself, but the notion feels absurd. He didn't choose this; his presence is just a temporary necessity.
They can't see what he sees in the surgical microscope, except for Jane, who has now noticed that the blood is rising above the edge of the hole. She offers Sherlock the suction and grabs a few larger pieces of gauze so she can dab around the incision.
There’s a heaviness pressing down on the mattress next to Sherlock he’d learned to expect upon waking up in that very bed. He extends an arm over the strong, familiar torso, scoots closer to press his face between John’s shoulder blades. Usually, John — if awake — would touch his hand as it curled around his waist, would lean his head back against Sherlock’s curls.
Mycroft is good in a crisis. He organises things. Remains calm and collected. Except when he's not. The signs are subtle, but you know him well enough to be able to tell. Just like when he'd first come in and received the news. Anger is his default for when he doesn't know how the hell else to react. When he can't fix the obvious, he starts micromanaging what he can.
"Oh." John points at two of the bruises. "This looks like it could have been caused by a narrow object, not very sharp-edged but not rounded, either. Not the blade end but the blunt edge?"
The gents is now empty, save for Sherlock. He closes his eyes, leans his back against the wall beside the row of sinks.
"I'm sure there is already an exhausting list of follow-up appointments scheduled," Sherlock dismisses. "Not necessary."
"Of course, John," Edgar chirps, collects his things and hurries upstairs like a springbok. He's started cycling, and his wiry physique has coiled into an even tighter form as a consequence.
He wasn't much help for Sherlock after that dreadful Christmas, was he? And he'd been a right bastard to his husband after Afghanistan.
"You look very tired," Joanna says, her tone empathetically worried. "Perhaps we should reconvene on Sunday?"
to trigger a vent = when the patient starts taking breaths on their own, the ventilator/respirator can recognise those breaths and assist them
The rumble of his baritone is tempting John to reach under the blanket right now to start fixing their dry spell, but Sherlock needs his oxygen for recovery right now, not for screaming out profanities as John wrings out an orgasm from him. Besides, with Sherlock's heart rate elevated from just being this alert and talking, the tachycardia would probably summon a crash team with a defibrillator.
The chirp of his phone announces an incoming text, and Sherlock realises he's wasted two hours deep in thought on the couch. Sighing, he opens the message from John.
. Before Victor, he'd agreed to sex out of necessity, out of curiosity, out of misguided gratitude and out of the assumption that it was a prerequisite for anyone wanting to tolerate his company. With the strangers he'd been with before and after Victor, sex had never been meaningful or very pleasurable, especially not at the same time. He'd hated admitting to himself that familiarity was something that elevated sex with Victor above the rest.
"He'd be angry at you for saying that." Violet's tone is startlingly determined. "Your father and John, they've chosen us just as we've chosen them. Nobody's perfect, and that includes the two of them. But we love them dearly, don't they? You're upset because you love John, but my darling, you have to accept that he loves you back. We don't have a right to question why they've chosen us. That's not how any of this works. I wondered many times why George would choose me — believe me, there were other suitors back in the day. You can't reason or calculate or deduce why that sort of love happens — I have tried, believe me. At some point, to avoid going mad as a March hare with just the sorts of worries you seem to be having, you have to accept that this person chose you and trust it. Trust what you have. Because if you don't, you're throwing away so many good years. Do you think I felt like a good wife when the two of you were small? Or a good mother? I didn't have enough time in a day for either. All we can do is try our best to manage, and it has to be enough. George is still here. John is going to be right there, too, thirty years from now, because he loves you. It's as simple as that."
Sherlock will not settle for anything else than non-impairment, which means that his reputation would be cleared of any suspicion of malpractice or incompetence.
"He's a bit confused," you offer, grimacing because you know Sherlock won't like being described in such a manner.
"Hand on heart, John: would he have been happy doing something else that surgery? Easy choices are often not the best choices in giving us fulfilment."
mattered. And Sherlock feared Wilkes had stripped off that armour, revealed how people tended to feel about Sherlock. It suddenly fit with the scathing whiplash insults flung at Donovan on the day you'd gone to your first crime scene together. Donovan's words threatened Sherlock's attempt to convince you he wasn't what so many had thought of him. That he could be someone you liked. Someone you wanted to be around.
his decision, what happened to Sylvie. And even if it was the right one, he can understand how the husband would have wanted to hear it from him. As much as he detests the notion of all this touchy-feely nonsense, if this had been about someone deciding not to try to save John, he'd have expected that fellow physician to have the balls to speak to him directly about it.
You pick up his duvet, noting with gratitude the fresh sheets which are Mrs Hudson's doing. They do little to banish the sense of malaise and stagnation which lingers like a fog in the flat, but these days you notice even the small things that cut through the emotional ague. You bring the duvet up to your nose, inhale the scent that is a marriage of dust and lavender and detergent and Sherlock.
"You mentioned that a Doctor Watson acted as your mentor, and one of the references you have submitted for this tribunal is a statement from the same. The panel is aware that he is also your spouse. Do you think he is sufficiently impartial to act as a witness at this hearing?"
"I'd love two fingers of whatever George has. You should pour Violet some as well," John tells Mycroft as they trail into the house.
Sherlock raises a hand to stop him right there. "I didn't enter into this unattached. Many cultures believe that the dead can cling to the living, cause trouble for them. You have Mary, I have Victor.
"Look, it's obvious this has been a traumatic event for all concerned. A debriefing has been scheduled with the rest of the team in an hour, and––" a man standing in the back of the room starts.
"Good. So…" John almost says that Sherlock can then relax for the rest of the evening, but that would only earn him a scoff. "Food. Water. Crap telly in French. Melatonin."
At one point in the heated conversation Mycroft, who'd arrived at the same time as Mike, gives you a stern but sympathetic glance — perhaps he can see you're about to snap and say something rather harsh.
Leah smiles without a whit of scepticism. "That's good. Anything else I should know before I meet him properly?"
I've kept myself together for so long that I forgot how to let go of any of it. I swore as I flung myself off that roof that it wouldn't change me, that I'd come back the same man John buried. It doesn't work that way and realising it as I left his wedding to someone else, the finality of it nearly made me relapse that night.
"You both look absolutely wrung dry," Mrs Hudson points out. "Easy to say things you don't mean when you're tired and poorly. I'm sure John understands," she says pointedly, now looking at you.
"Food, Sherlock. Melatonin. Maybe a bath. Then sleep. And don't sit with your laptop half the night, the blue light keeps you awake."
What Sherlock wants is to forget about yesterday, to start anew, to spend time with John. He would not have picked fishing but knows that he's standing at a precipice. The likeliest consequence of saying no is that John sorts out his wound, and then they never see each other again. He wouldn't come knocking on this man's door to humiliate himself a second time, like some dog crawling back to its unpleasant owner, would he?
Mr Zezelj is quiet for a moment, then he leans forward, frowning. "You say mistake. But what if there was no surgery? These all other surgeon I go see, they can not make mistake but this is because they not operate! They say they cannot take tumour out, too big risk. Mistake, risk, it's just words. You said yes, we go do surgery, and you take tumour out just like you said you could. And you do it. There was always risk, you tell me. It could bleed, this anerys, and it does so I am not surprised."
"But that's not the real reason, I presume? That you burned the records sounds quite… should I say dramatic? At least within this context of just wanting to preserve your medical privacy?"
"This one bloke showed up a few days ago," John says. His eyes meeting Sherlock's, whose stomach makes an odd sort of flutter.
Sherlock is so close John could reach out and stroke a sharp cheekbone, so close he feels a puff of warm exhalation on his lips. Sherlock says nothing, simply exists close to the edges of John's corporeal form. Their hands briefly brush up against each other before Sherlock seems to read something in John's eyes. He retreats, but only a fraction, and the hesitancy in his oddly coloured eyes turns to mischievous determination.
A flare of indignant anger clenches the muscles around Sherlock's jaw; he can barely get the words out, "
"Perhaps so, but is there a lesson there that could be employed now? Would it impede John's recovery if you told him you are experiencing a period of depression?"
You're still trying to work that one out as you jog after the trolley into the acute bay. Nobody tries to prevent you from entering, and they all treat you as though you work there. Perhaps Mycroft does already know you are here and has made some calls.
"We may have got the tumour our, but the man will come out a muppet as opposed to what my plans were."
Below, Saturday night traffic on Baker Street is churning towards its destinations. Black cabs are transporting punters from bars and clubs, the odd police car drives by without sirens on. Sherlock has often thought of the humanity infesting London as akin to the fog that so often descends upon the city: tolerable, but eventually it begins to lower one’s spirits in how it constantly grates one’s nerves and exhausts one’s reserves.
Upon opening the door, he discovers, that his ears had made the right diagnosis: there are two men in the hall, both dressed in long woollen overcoats, unbuttoned. One wears an impressive array of carefully curated tweed underneath, the other a sleek, black suit. John can tell which one is his patient — the black-suited, skinny one hasn't stuck his left hand in the coat sleeve at all, because his hand is in a white cloth sling tucked against his middle. Generally, when John's athletes arrive with upper limb injuries, said limbs are always strapped into fancy, colourful and ergonomically designed support slings, not what looks like something that's been dug up from someone's coat pocket or car trunk where it has lived for years as a part of those rag-tag first aid kits car manufacturers gift with new vehicles.
"Am I right that the problem wasn't just my surgery, though?" John asks carefully. "You seemed to be… I don't know… a bit down even before. I thought the weekend away would cheer you up, but that went tits up."
John appears in the doorway, a dark form back-lit by the warm yellow light from the corridor. He's carrying what he'd promised from the bathroom cabinet.
On a cerebral level Sherlock agrees, but the emotional engagement is missing — just as Lestrade had claimed. He should want to go home to celebrate. But with what? By sitting on the sofa with a cup of tea waiting for a takeaway delivery? By a bit of cocaine which, oddly enough, is not what he craves the most right now.
“You need to decide that first, then examine the publication's writing instructions and typical article structures. The instructions vary so much that not tailoring your article to the chosen forum will just cause a need to make lots of structural changes later.”
"If it smells or the gills have gone grey, don't touch it unless you want food poisoning. And never buy herring that's got pink cheeks," John now adds, stopping his boat-washing to catch his breath. His cheeks are pinch-pink from the rain and the salty wind that had whipped their skin raw, no matter how warm the temperature is. The rain is little more than mist now, and the ferry's horn sounds occasionally from the thick cotton enveloping the open sea further out.
She catches him glancing at his watch. "We have as much time as you need. As it happens, you are my last appointment of the day."
CCU = cardiac care/coronary care/critical care unit, depending on the hospital. Mostly it means a heart problem -focused high-dependency unit, which means a step down from intensive care.
John thinks it's a charitable description of Violet Holmes at her worst. "Is he… is he okay, really?"
afraid of is his brain’s ability to come up with justifications to do so. It'll be easier to decide, now, what he will or will not do. What he might decide later is a whole other matter.
John thinks he can, having been in a war zone. His ears perk up again when they pick up on the sound of the bathroom above-sink cabinet open and close several times, but the tap isn't turned on. The toilet flushes, and then the bathroom is silent.
John's fingers have curled around the door handle. There's a circle of smooth, slightly peeling off skin on his left fourth finger. His ring finger.
Sherlock glances towards the pen where Edward The Abdicator is weltering in a tuft of browned grass.
It turns out that Lestrade had seen Sherlock briefly in the OR as he accompanied Anderson and anaesthesia consultant Jo Peirce as they were taken in to replace the hostages.
"Hypersensitivity brought on by opioid use has been shown to fix itself after a few months of abstinence," the anaesthetist replies.
"The details will be forwarded to you by email," he informs you. "The task befalls you to convince him to go through the first part."
“It does not sound like an uplifting piece of entertainment, and the title makes no sense. Hard to terminate? To die in a gruesome and spectacular manner?”
He calls your name to your receding back, but you've been summoned so off to the entrance foyer you go.
This is the story of how John Watson ultimately gets seduced. Not with kisses or sweet talk but through the presenting of cold, hard facts.
"It's such a brutal profession. Not always, of course, not the way you did it so carefully and delicately in the operating room with that opera singer," Violet muses. "But I wouldn't want to decide who gets to live and who dies."
"Is there some Scotland versus England type rivalry between them and Westray? I'm not aware of one."John looks imperious before melting into a grin, elbow on the table and fork waving in the air. "He just wasn't a very nice man."
I force myself to move slower than my instincts are screaming out for me as I replace the toothbrush with an antique quill pen.
Though the next story — called "Morphogenesis" — will conclude the series, I have in my years as a fic author learned never to say never. I shall always leave the backdoor open for these boys since I find leaving them even more difficult than their reader friends!
The violin taught Sherlock to find joy in his own achievements instead of expecting it from other people — save for Mr Thibaut, whose smiles and nods when his young student mastered news technique felt like a soothing balm and helped Sherlock endure home life.
Sherlock makes his way down the main staircase just as John closes the door behind him, the security guard folding the handle of his suitcase down so that he can take it upstairs. Sherlock realises he's left the guest bedroom in quite a messy state and hopes John won't mind or over-analyse it in terms of Sherlock's state of mind.
At least some of the narrative loose ends are tied together by the report from the officers on the scene, and an excerpt from John's medical records. Though Sherlock hadn't specified, Mycroft must've realised Sherlock's interest culminated in John's role.
Sherlock unbuttons his woollen coat so he can fish a cloth out of his breast pocket to clean his glasses. "Scatter-brained? Distracted?"
And my hesitation breaks something in him, and he's holding his trousers in his hand like an idiot with tears in his eyes, and I feel so brittle and spent and happy even though I have no skills for this, no words to begin to diffuse the weight on my chest right now.
"Do we know anything about why this person targeted him yesterday, assuming the press has the correct information?"
John is staring at him, now. But he doesn't look angry. Instead, he looks utterly confounded. "What… where's this coming from?"
"I was disappointed that I was unable to help John deal with those problems, that he was so disappointed in me that he behaved that way. But I felt relieved. I wanted someone to see what was going on, because I couldn't fix it."
Sherlock shakes his head and rolls his eyes to protest John’s taste in entertainment and tries to re-immerse himself in his article editing. The comments from the journal have not given him a very favourable impression of the intelligence of the referees, but they must be taken into account in order for the journal to agree to publish the piece. Sherlock has been lectured throughout his career about needing to 'play well with others' and he hates how that often means pandering to the weatherwane tastes of mediocre academics.
"And you've got someone here you can talk to; you can thank John here for raising the issue. I will be happy to follow up with you later, perhaps in two to three weeks or so, to see how you are doing."
"I'm not sure I entirely agree with that. Witnessing different emotional reactions and especially seeing others receive the emotional support they need when they are suffering can be an important part of developing a child's sense of basic emotional security."
Sherlock opens the window and drops one of the apples he'd left on a plate on a side table into the tangled-up grass next to the ram. It spits out the grass it was chewing, cranes down its neck to sniff the offerings, and takes a tentative bite before emitting a loud, snort-like sneeze that catapults minuscule bits of snot and apple into Sherlock's face.
"Precisely, Mister Holmes. If they can prove that the system — and you as the representative of the system — deprived Sylvie Fairholme of treatment which led to her death and motivated Mr Fairholme to demand answers by demanding them at gunpoint, that jury just might be inclined to feel sympathy for him. Even better if they can make this about just the two of you: a callous surgeon and a grieving spouse."
"I'm not trying to dwell on things. I just feel as though a… spell has been broken, and now I see what I do for what it is," Sherlock admits. His fingers have curled into the silky fabric of the dressing down and John is terribly tempted to reach out and pry open his white-knuckled fingers.
"He retreated to bed once he'd pushed his dinner around on the place for the better part of an hour. He's been sleeping since."
'. You don't tell her you're not gay. You're not, but that has nothing to do with Sherlock who takes boxes and rules and classifications and stereotypes and eviscerates with his words, sidesteps them with his very being — makes a mockery of the carefully guarded constructs of how people usually arrange their lives and their identities. You
"Muscle relaxant's wearing off," Leah tells you, unfazed by what's going on. "We often need to readjust the sedation at this point." With nimble fingers she administers a bolus from an infuser pump dosing something white.
You were shit at adjusting to anything. Does that make you better or worse equipped to help Sherlock?
Two hours later Sherlock is startled awake, and it takes a moment to regain his bearings. He seems to have fallen asleep in the hot bath that is now barely even lukewarm. He finds it odd how being grimy had not bothered him during the first few days as much as it would have in London. Perhaps it’s because he'd been so cold and his scavenged clothes so heavy and layered that he hadn't noticed the bothersome sensations associated with not having bathed regularly. Or, perhaps some of his meticulous hygiene in London is based more on habit than necessity. After a full day marching the streets of London, it feels as though not just the dust and pollution clings to him but also the heaving masses of humanity, the stale condensation from air conditioning, and the constant head-pounding barrage of sight and sound have sealed him into a cocoon of bother. Maybe London exhausts him more than he's realised.
I know of at least two occasions on which Mycroft has literally demanded blood. Right after I returned from Serbia, and during my incarceration after Magnussen's death.
Words from your friendly neighbourhood fandom anaesthetist: I don't care where that nicotine comes from — addiction is bad for you. Best never to even start smoking.
delirium = hospital delirium is particularly common in critically ill patients who’ve had major surgery. It’s a temporary state of cognitive deficiency, often missed if it’s lethargic rather than agitated, and can affect a patient’s outcome adversely. Many cases are preventable by avoiding drugs which predispose to it, by helping patients keep track of the time of the day, by providing a familiar presence and palatable amounts of understandable information on what’s going on. Minimising hearing and vision impairments and sleep deprivation is important as well as effective pain management. Treatment is mainly supportive; drugs can make things worse unless they’re needed to enable safe treatment. Antipsychotics can be better than tranquilisers. As I mentioned, combative and agitated delirious patients are easier to diagnose than withdrawn, lethargic ones, but both can be suffering from significant delirium. Sometimes there really are wrestling matches, particularly if a patient pulls out all their lines and endangers care.
It feels not like the confirmatory revelation I would have expected before. Now, it's a cruel afterthought.
"Timeout before we start," the supervising nurse calls out just as she does every day for every case. The purpose of this part of the WHO surgical checklist is to make sure the whole team is aware of any deviations from a standard plan, that the surgeon has verified the identity of their patient, all imaging results needed are available, and the scrub nurse is certain that they have all the necessary instruments and that a sterile field has been achieved.
"That is for him to decide," Joanna says softly. "These things shouldn't be forced, especially not on someone like Sherlock; having a therapist is still something he feels very uneasy about. For a long time, he sought to frame our acquaintance as something else than a therapeutic relationship."
John leaves him alone in the sitting room, and Sherlock now has the choice of more awkward conversation regarding why he hasn't taken John up on the offer of his bed or succumbing to the sudden desire to be horizontal. This is the first moment during his time on the island that he doesn't have to worry about everything alone. He's warm, he's got a fresh if unsightly shirt, there's going to be food, and there's company who knows where and how he can procure what he needs.
"I know you think that," John says with a soft smile, "but it's a lot of pressure that's not even based on anything. I'm not keeping a scorecard of your performance with my bags packed if you don't do everything perfectly."
"Shush," John cuts in. "We should go home." The image does not conjure a warm feeling of familiarity and safety right now, not with the atmosphere in the flat that'll be created by the defeat emanating from Sherlock right now. Still, it'll get them out of the rain.
Violet glares at her. "I thought psychotherapists weren't supposed to take sides or give direct advice."
. For the sake of storytelling, the timeline for Sherlock's process will be expedited as opposed to how long these things take in real life. It may well take about a year from an interim order to a Tribunal, during which a doctor cannot work if their interim order forbids it.
"Very few people can endure that sort of pressure. The fact that we can doesn't mean it's easy on anybody. I remember the first patient I probably killed like it was yesterday."
were the one who's suffered the worst! If you think anything you went through could be worse than having someone like you for a mother, then you're deluded!"
. Sherlock had told him — during one of the few conversations on the topic they’ve had after the patient was flown to Belgrade — that he'd talked to Lestrade about it and there was nothing further to discuss. John's suggestion of taking up the topic with Pichler had been met with a dismissive comment about her being as far from a surgeon as one can get, and thus Sherlock thought her opinion would be of no consequence.
"The reason I never took out that uniform, didn't attend other reunions or even think much about the place after Afghanistan is that I… I guess I was embarrassed. I
"Oh," Holmes says, and it's a mixture of surprise and uninterest. "She did come by yesterday, nattered about something. Must’ve brought groceries."
He drags his form up the stairs. His answer to John's greeting is a sigh before he ends up sitting on the sofa, coat still on but unbuttoned, elbows on his knees as he rubs his face with his palms.
Just as he'd explained to John, instead of heading for the King's main site's A&E department, Sherlock has set up as the Uber destination The Princess Royal University Hospital. A part of King's College Hospital Trust, it is the site of most of the Trust's ENT services, as well as various other specialty units that couldn't fit into the King's main campus.
"For there is but one essential justice which cements society, and one law which establishes this justice. This law is right reason, which is the true rule of all commandments and prohibitions. Whoever neglects this law, whether written or unwritten, is necessarily unjust and wicked."
"A fetish is a clinical psychological term for sexual interest directed at an object or part of the body, that's all."
apex of the heart = the pointed bit at the bottom mostly formed by the bottom bit of the left ventricle
"Then just leave it for a while and go have dinner?" John suggests. "Good food never fails to cheer people up."
"You don't like this?" John asks, pointing at what's left on his plate with his fork. "I am not even half the cook your mother is, but I thought I had a pretty good grasp on this one. You've eaten it before when I've made it."
that!" snaps Sherlock, prompting the driver to glance at them in the rearview mirror. "What if the patient was you, John? Could I ever believe they did everything they could to save you unless every option had been exhausted? If you’d died in Afghanistan, I would have turned every stone to find out if someone had made a mistake. I'd both want to know and not want to know, because that possibility would destroy me. Deciding about Fairholme was so simple, so obvious... until it wasn't. The more time passes, the more I… I don't know what to think anymore."
"Sherlock?" your tired feet are a bit uncoordinated after being pulled out of rest, but you're by his side in an instant.
Knowing Mrs Hudson, this could be more of a reference to your gun than your medical skills, but it's nice to get some praise for a change. All you've had in the past week are insults.
— nocturnal horror fits, night terrors. It's strange to think that someone like Rosie could even have nightmares; she is still but a sprout of a human who has been spared and shielded of much pain and grief by the adults around her. What bad things would she dream about? Do any of her memory cells retain things about Mary, about the way John was after her death?
, you conclude in your head. You don't want to see that his heart is like everyone else's, how it's giving up. You shouldn't need him to be larger than life in that way, but he
She has never been one to mince her words, and John has always thought she'll fit in well into the occasionally-still-macho culture of ortho and trauma. The first time he'd seen her in action was when she'd attended to a particularly obnoxious drunken idiot with an open femur fracture who was under his care in the OR. The patient's attitude had been promptly corrected into form by a few select words from Bethany. It's even bigger a testament to her confidence that she has never appeared to be intimidated by
You bite your lip, a wave of fondness hitting you as hard as if you'd opened a door to a storm outside. "He's very sensitive. With his clothes, with his sheets, everything. He's…" you look for words with which Sherlock has never trusted you, diagnoses he has sought to conceal — or perhaps never received, though he'd likely meet the criteria.
In my books, there is such a thing as unnecessarily high wages for doctors in some countries in some cases, but when laypersons protest on principle the fact that doctors' salaries are higher than average, I want to ask them if they'd be willing to put in the hours we do, if they'd want to be woken up with a call for an emergency caesarian at 4am and if they'd be willing to take on the responsibility of a job where even a relatively small, human mistake might
"I am perfectly capable of steering clear of clergy on my own, Mummy," Sherlock comments drolly as he rises to his feet. "It's not my fault if the average Man of God's confidence in their own faith is so brittle that they cannot even defend their views rationally."
In the car on their way home from the meeting with Halloran, John tries to engage his partner in conversation, but Sherlock is withdrawn, lost in thought.
"We have reason to believe this is a very recent infection, and that some of your symptoms have been those of a primary HIV infection, not the histoplasmosis. Your CD4 cell levels are very good, which is why we're not treating the infection as fulfilling of AIDS stage criteria."
"You have not fallen flat on your face, Sherlock. You have achieved a great many things you didn't believe possible before."
"I'm not usually prone to motion sickness, but it appears that, when you tell my brain it's going somewhere but it knows that the rest of my corporeal form isn't, there's going to be a problem."
Sherlock recalls spotting an old shotgun hanging from a hook when he'd used the toilet before tea. "Do islanders hunt birds?"
"What about Afghanistan? What things have made you most nervous in the past few weeks that aren't about your African honeymoon?"
"No, I don't. Even if there is a doctor somewhere who doesn't give a shit about his patients and makes mistakes all the time––"
The old man's rumble of a bass confirms this — if not by words, then at least by tone. He walks straight past Sherlock with a nod, heading towards the well. Ardle lifts the lid and tuts. "Nooo," he drawls, then fixes Sherlock with his gaze. "Them 'eeyrs. They get inn."
"I'd like that," Sherlock says, trying desperately to contain his nervous excitement. Not only is John here, but John will
"Oh, rubbish! Isn't that when people need company the most, when they're worried and things are happening?"
You put down the stethoscope, pull your phone out of your jeans pocket and dial the number for the emergency services. Sherlock hears it all and doesn't protest.
It had been Joanna's idea. Well, not Zurich per se, but that Sherlock might benefit from leaving home temporarily. She and John had agreed that Sussex might be an option, but a risky one; things with Violet are still precarious. John has to work, and he can't just put Sherlock on a train on his own to recuperate in the Lake District — in his current state, Sherlock needs to be with someone safe, someone who knows how to look after him. John knows that Mycroft wouldn't be Sherlock's first voluntary choice, but the older Holmes brother is still an obvious pick, considering that he's been there for Sherlock at some of his worst periods in the past. At least Sherlock is not using this time.
The audience bursts into more hilarity but somehow it doesn't feel malignant. It feels as though they're laughing in the same way as John.
"I know he's not had sessions with you for some time, said he was just too busy. Having a new assistant has helped, but maybe he should have been seeing you regularly. Would that have prevented all this?"
s and it seems that Mike's considerable verbal prowess is coming up short in explaining to Sherlock why he can't just try his luck without such medications. It would be a no-brainer to anyone but the world's most stubborn man who still seems to believe that they're immortal even after nearly succumbing to cardiac failure.
John acts quickly, zipping down the coveralls to Sherlock's waist, not caring a bit that they're in plain view in a hallway and Sherlock is only wearing his pants underneath. He digs out Sherlock's long woollen coat from the plastic bag and drapes him in it. "Bit scratchy without a shirt, but probably better than that full body condom."
John notices how she is distancing her words from Sherlock, taking them to a general level and explaining it all as though it's just some social custom.
The words tear at John's heart. "No, Sherlock. Don't think like that." He leans in for a kiss on Sherlock's cheek.
"An entire cuisine dismissed with a single word," John sighs. "You could just order something not tomato-based, like carbonara."
. John had chuckled, but it had died down quickly and he'd given Sherlock a strange look. It had resembled pity, but Sherlock had elected not to analyse it further.
John bursts out laughing. "Maybe not," he says, "it would feel a bit weird, to be honest, but if you ever wanted to try that…"
Three weeks later, Sherlock's physical recovery has begun in earnest. Once he could extend his walks beyond eight kilometres with ease, he began running under the direction of his PT. Not even this has provoked forth another episode atrial fibrillation; Mike is convinced that those had just been a phenomenon associated with cardiac dysfunction and a very recent valve repair. Sherlock has built so much fitness, perhaps even beyond his pre-valve problem level, that you wouldn't even try to compete with him. Then again, you never could, the lanky athletic git he is. To your great relief, Sherlock is also eating much more since the exercise requires calories. Mostly what he's gained is muscle mass; there doesn't seem to be many ounces of fat lining his figure. You have no complaints on that front; you could get drunk with desire watching him undress. Could, but will hold back for some time more. You know that day will come, and this certainty allows you to summon the patience you need. He spoke of this one night, saying he wants to meet you halfway, not struggle to keep up. It's not time yet. He wants you, but he wants to make love only when he can do so feeling like himself again.
." Sherlock's tone as he interrupts his lover is almost angry. Almost. "What we have is more than I could ever have hoped for. I always thought no compromise could ever be found, that either I’d have nothing, or I'd have to make the deal I made with James — to tolerate things in exchange for a relationship."
"It would be much appreciated if you could keep me updated," he says, nodding towards the laptop. The ECG is still blinking red as a warning, but the pulse oximeter is showing a flat-ish but existent curve and there
When he emerges from the en suite some fifteen minutes later — he hardly gets it done at home in less than twenty — you put down the paper and give him a once-over. He's flushed from what must have been hot water, skin pink-tinged and steaming. He's wrapped a towel around his waist underneath a short hospital bathrobe and is using another clean one to squeeze gently what he can reach of his hair to dry it. You've noticed he never rubs or combs it after giving it a wash, only scrunches it inside towel-covered hands. He's not lifting his elbows very high — doing so would stretch his sternal incision — and his movements are careful, considerate. Clean water doesn't really harm a surgical incision, but since his extends down all the way into his mediastinum, it had still been covered with a waterproof adhesive which will be changed once he's wearing a fresh pair of pyjamas.
"It's just… you've been a bit… I don't know, more OCD than usual?" He raises his hands in mock surrender. "Not complaining about the cleaning, but…"
about George's illness — as though I'd done something wrong when I was just so worried! He clearly wanted to show off to me that he didn't get emotional, that he understood all those medical things better than us, but that wasn't the time or the place for such a demonstration. Mind you, he took such good care of his Father; I must say I was most astounded."
"One of the snapped chordae had an enlarged, fragmented end with calcified and necrotic debris adjacent to the tip; I have to say, I'm surprised it held as long as it did. His records don't show any sign of such long-term damage; it must have developed gradually as the areas affected by the bacteria healed through scarring."
John glances at the wall clock. "Not really. I came here so I wouldn't be tempted to have one. I'm sorry I barged in without even asking if you had some time."
"Then you must, and you will. Take the word of an old man who wasted years after giving up what they loved: when time passes and the shame fades, you will see things differently. Perhaps expedite that process by accepting help from others so that you won't waste as much time as I did?"
"Of course he isn't! So careless he is when it comes to looking after himself. Thank heavens he found you and dragged you home. Lead the way," she prompts — more of a command, really.
Sherlock's fingers pinch a crimson lapel, by which he starts pulling John towards the bedroom. "Excellent plan." He almost says
Biting his lip, Sherlock plucks up the courage to glance quickly at John. Thankfully, he's laughing with a crinkle in his eyes best described using a word Sherlock had just said out loud:
What Sherlock is describing is how the body reacts to pressure rising inside the bony skull. Regulatory systems raise the systemic blood pressure so that at least some circulation could squeeze past the intracranial pressure to protect what's still alive in the brain.
"He didn't even wake up after that fit at the clinic; Peter told us it was best he… helped things along. That's what he said. He's such a nice young man," George says, shaking his head as he guides his wife towards the kitchen. "Let's put the kettle on, hmm?"
, John dares to hope. He has no idea whether Sherlock sleeping for such a long time is a good sign or an ominous one. Being upset robs him of the ability to rest; is that phase ending a sign that the depression is taking a firmer hold? Surely, things can't be getting better so quickly.
"Who am I to decide that she never stood a chance? She can't have been more than twenty, her Baux score could have still been under a hundred. We hardly waited two minutes after the CT to see whether that swelling could have gone down––" Sherlock starts arguing.
His sessions with Ella consist mostly of her monologue, consisting of questions he knows he should answer because this is
calls in much more complicated situations without missing a beat. You know so much, and you have this talent of combining so much data to see a prognosis. But just now, you… I don't know what just happened."
There is plenty of evidence that honesty, full disclosure and heartfelt apologies from who made the mistake to the patient who suffered the consequences
It makes sense, now, why he'd decline even a short GA. Nothing frightens him more than not knowing something, not being able to logic his way out of a messy tangle of emotions. "Why is it so important to know everything that happened? Why do you want to remember?"
At half-past two in the morning, the last patient categorised as too urgent to wait until the morning has been safely deposited in recovery with post-op instructions. John and Yosuke had originally planned for the latter to take over the frontrunner phone after one in the morning, and John would regain control of it again an hour before the end of their call shift because the trainee was going to a weekly interdisciplinary registrar breakfast at the hospital cafeteria. In the end, John kept the wretched thing in his own pocket as he headed for a nap without doing the swap because Yosuke had looked like he could use some sleep after the terminal burn victim, and John knows some consultants dump the frontrunner phone to a trainee all through these long shifts. John would have hated such treatment as a junior and likes to cultivate a sense of community spirit amongst all the anaesthetists he oversees.
"It's just a short GA, ten minutes tops, no need to secure your airway––" you start explaining to him. A cardioversion which means giving a synchronised electric shock to the heart to revert its rhythm, would be too uncomfortable and alarming for an awake patient.
You didn't stand up and cross the expanse of the floor to kiss him. That day will come, but it wasn't time for that yet. This is you and this is Sherlock, and steps need to be taken in the right order so that he can savour them, categorise them, understand them and make sense of them in a way that he can weave into the rest of his existence. He needs you to understand that — a step into a relationship for him is as momentous and earth-shattering as the shaking of the core of your sexual orientation was for you, which he brought forth.
“Thanks, you big nerd.” John reaches up a hand to tuck some of Sherlock’s curls behind his ear. “Glad to be rid of them even if I have fewer T-cells in the future.”
Mycroft frowns and plugs in the kettle. "He clearly had the requisite talent, but little of the discipline required of such a profession. He'd constantly argue with his teachers, wanting to tackle compositions well beyond his skill level. When they told him no he would simply grind at it until he could master the techniques. And, there were… other issues during the very important formative years which determine whether one gets to move forward in a musical education."
"I don't know what you're playing at, and I don't care to even investigate it. I won't be requiring your services any longer," Holmes announces, piercing gaze locked onto her.
"Try what, Holmes?" Bethany cuts in, exuding scepticism. "Eighty percent burns, brain's coming out."
John always picks up on his mood and has clearly been trying to engage with him about it, to ask him about his day, to cheer him up in the past few days after their failed attempt at sex even though it's Sherlock who should be keeping him in good spirits. John
"You won't be chopping any more wood with that arm for a while. Have you got enough for the stove?" John asks, sounding genuinely concerned. "I can give you some, but I don't think you can fit a lot into the sidecar."
Sherlock is looking up and to the right where the monitor is still showing A-fib, heart rate now higher than it was during Mrs Hudson's visit. "What would be the point? You won't believe me. Nobody ever does."
. The plate of potatoes and salmon with a simple butter-and-dill sauce John had warmed up for him has cleared his thinking, made him less impulsive. Seeing the man's microwave felt like watching science fiction after the medieval shack in which Sherlock is sequestered. He doesn't want to go back there, but he’s stayed at worse places. Granted, the ability to sever the connection between his bleak surroundings and the interior of his mind was only ever a syringe away during those instances. No such luck this time.
The sun is lingering on the horizon as Sherlock makes his third trek of the day, this time to John's house. He's carrying fresh empire biscuits in a paper bag — the visitor centre lady had practically ordered him to go buy some from the café to take home since they were fresh today. Sherlock is not certain how much difference being eaten on the day of baking makes to jam combined with round, flat bits of shortbread, but at least he has something to present to John as guest gift.
The family has been informed by Dr Kim that it will take time to get Mr Zezelj settled in at the ITU. They don't know anything else yet, and awareness of that burns in Sherlock's conscience like a brand. Downstairs in the locker room he takes a long, hot shower that doesn't improve his mood.
You cross your arms. You're jealous of her ability to cut right to the point with Sherlock, and have such power over him that he won't instantly side-step and evade. "I'd like to hear this, too. What don't I get? That it fucking sucks, needing emergency surgery? That recovery is slow and painful and frustrating and being in a hospital is hateful, as you'd say? What don't I get, Sherlock?"
"You sure?" Bethany asks. "While waiting for you, I had a moment to calculate the Baux score and it's off the scale. I was just about to cancel the trauma CT," she admits. The score is a tool for estimating a burn injury patient's chances of survival. The older a patient is and the larger their burn surface area, the less likely they are to survive even with the best intensive care. "I count at least eighty percent body surface area burns of higher grade than superficial two," Bethany says. "Don't know her age but Baux has got to be a full hundred."
"Nope," John said. Whenever Sherlock had told him he needed to be alone, that he wanted to think when clearly, it meant that he was profoundly upset, and nothing good had come out of giving him privacy in the past during such moments.
It takes Sherlock three days after the delivery of a thick manila folder to open it and begin reading. It appears that his inebriated bravado has turned into caution. The warning that this might lead to nothing, that he might not see John ever again, is like a broken record in his head, but if there is one thing Sherlock has never been able to resist, it's knowledge.
"After Afghanistan, it took some time to repair the damage done to your relationship by John's difficult recovery. Did you even confide in someone about the way he behaved towards you, then? Did you have a support person who told you his behaviour was not acceptable?"
diuretics = medications which draw fluid out of the patient into the urine and often lower their BP as a result
Joshua Carleton is the unit's latest arrival of a neurosurgical registrar. John knows that the lad can't make any independent decisions on a major trauma patient yet.
"Unintended. And no one reads or understand me as well as you. I'd rather talk to you than her, but I don't want to talk to anyone."
"Not as sorry as me," John says. He stands up. "Maybe it makes sense to you, maybe not, but I don't think I'm good for anyone. You don't get second chances, not when someone dies. You don't get to try again, so I shouldn't. It's just… really lonely out here and when I met you I…" John's eyes go wide, "Fuck, I didn't mean it like that. I mean, I really like you. But it's… it's too complicated for me, which would make it complicated for you. For us. I don't even know what you were looking for, and I'm probably making a fool out of myself for even implying that someone here might have been thinking of more than we… what we did."
"I kept my instruments in while having coffee," Sherlock declares in a morbidly triumphant tone. Could this convince Lestrade that there is, in fact, questionable features in his OR conduct?
"He tried to explain to me why seeing me at Bastion made him uneasy and why he didn't want me to interact with his fellow servicemen there. He considers the RAMC his territory, his environment to excel in. He guards that territory rather fiercely; doesn't want me in there because somehow, my presence produces some inane professional inferiority complex in him."
He's been there for John before, so why does this manageable thing, from which John is certain to recover, making Sherlock feel as though he's facing an insurmountable obstacle?
He gives you a scathing glance, which tells you you're an idiot for stating the obvious. You're tempted to joke, desperate to lighten the mood because you're rubbish at conversations like this, you're terrible at discussing the feelings of anyone, most of all your own, but you know he'll bite your head off if you attempt humour right now. Maybe it feels like someone is making light of his worries, and if he's felt ignored and belittled by people before when he's been ill…
John hears some indignant, spluttery muttering from the man in question in the background. "What's the hitch?"
They enter the lift and stand side by side. No need for the one-metre safety distance since they sleep in the same bed.
When you get back to the ICU, there's a bit of commotion going on in Sherlock's room. He's being held down by Andrew who is patiently but sternly telling him to calm down and repeating that everything is fine.
"Don't worry about it. We could all use a bit of sleep every once in a while," he tells the registrar, who nods. "There was only one IV request from the urology ward after we closed up shop at the OR floor. "You okay after that burn victim? That was pretty horrific," John then asks the messy-haired, yawning trainee.
"Which sort are you, then?" John jokes, and Sherlock is jolted back into the present from rummaging around his Mind Palace.
"Which is why I found it rather distasteful and difficult to understand why you would try to paint John, of all people, in such a negative light. As though he was some…" Holmes scoffs, refusing to even say the words.
Sherlock juts up his chin to tighten the skin for shaving. Surprisingly, Angus owns modern shaving cream in an aerosol bottle propped up on the edge of the sink. Sherlock dabs some of it on, wishing he had his moisturiser. After being out on the water all day, his skin will be raw and dry. John has a beard he keeps short. Sherlock has never minded stubble burns on his face, but his neck is too sensitive for being scraped like that, and his thighs–– God, no. Sherlock thinks about John's ring finger next while shaving.
He prints things out because it's always been easier for him to concentrate on reading like that. Notes are scribbled on the printouts, more tabs opened on his browser.
, and losing the man really hammered the lesson home. He had the uncanny ability to make normal things people tend to want in a relationship seem trite and trivial. As a consequence, Sherlock never voiced the desire to do things such as walking in Regent's park or a film or a dinner in Chinatown. He loved — still loves — London, while Victor's desire was to leave it behind as often as possible.
"You've been in bed for a day and a half, including being on the operating table where you couldn't shift around. Not surprised you'd get sore."
The kitchen door slams open as Sherlock runs into the back garden, instantly spotting John on the ground. He drops to his knees in the grass, too, not caring about grass stains.
Sherlock looks unimpressed with the statement. "Is that it?" he asks, eyes now fixed on an infuser pump. "Why isn't it on yet? Why are they wasting so much time faffing about?" His tone has risen in pitch, exaggeratedly indignant.
A week later, he decides to heed Edgar's advice regarding getting out of the flat with John. John has returned to work but is still lacking energy to do much in the evenings and this brings forth some tension, but after seeing Dr Pichler two times in the past seven days, enough has shifted in Sherlock’s thinking that he no longer feels crushed by the pressure to deliver some magic words and a perfect cure for John's recovery-associated ennui. Sherlock has agreed to regular appointments with Pichler again until they can agree that things have begun to normalise. Things are already significantly
Andrew's eyes fix on the registrar who nods quickly. "Let's pull the tube," the doctor authorises. "I think he's surfaced well enough."
blamed me. Didn't think I could just stick around. Couldn't stick around. Asked a mate to pack my clothes. The house, our house, is still in Hampstead. They've probably cut off electricity by now."
"I didn't have many friends because my career didn't give me much of a chance for them. Well, that's not the whole truth, is it," Violet says.
John's phone chimes. He's subscribed to the BBC News Corona alerts. He reads the message, squares his shoulders and shows the screen to Sherlock. "PM's ordered a lockdown."
You almost protest that for someone who's just had a new valve stitched up into their heart, the analogy isn't far off. In the end, you decide to stay silent, because you want to give him a respite from others trying to get him to understand his current limitations.
A shudder travels down his form and then he frowns and starts to cough, his hand shooting up towards the tube again.
"That's a good idea. Can you come over tomorrow morning so we can do that? Let's hope they don't get a name before then."
Sherlock isn't certain how or when his parents had realised that he is gay. Perhaps Mycroft had dropped a few hints, certain that Sherlock was never going to have that conversation? Then again, what more information would he have even had about Sherlock's romantic exploits, or lack thereof?
"You just want John to stick around because you think he's taken over from you. That I just need someone around to
"He’s fine, Mister Holmes," the nurse whose name he's forgot and cares not a whit about informs him. "His breathing is normal, and he’s sleeping, albeit a bit fitfully."
"I um–– I wanted to ask if you want to add something to the Ocado list?" John's tone is careful, apologetic.
She'd been so lost in thought that she must have been quiet for longer than is socially acceptable. '
John will never get tired of the sight of Sherlock climbing into bed with him. Climbing on top of him. Bending his neck to kiss him. Reaching out to run his hand through John's hair or to lay a gentle palm on his cheek. Cheeks flushed and warm, body radiating heat and barely contained urgent desire.
John's coffee is now gone, and it's nearly nine in the morning. Violet will be up. Bracing himself, he calls his mother-in-law, and is relieved to find that Mycroft had done a good job in reassuring her. The Holmes parents have seen some of the press coverage, though, and it requires several statements by John that Sherlock is physically unharmed for her to stop questioning that truth. He elects not to mention the tinnitus and hearing impairment; knowing how close the shooter had been would only give Violet sleepless nights.
John wouldn't stand for such an obvious display of hospital brass closing ranks. Whenever there is a major surgical mishap, John is a part of the process to investigate what went wrong.
John couldn't decide if such open and raw emotion instead of the usual inward-locked anxiety was a good thing or a sign that things were getting worse. John leaned on his haunches, then lowered himself to sit on the floor, too. He had to be careful — his bad knee sometimes still acted up.
waiting, if the standard approach would be a death sentence?" Sherlock muses while folding the skin flaps back and fastening them in place with short, elastic straps with hooks at the end. Attached to a round metal frame now circling the incision, the straps of thin tubing will make sure that the scalp skin won't suddenly flat back and occlude his view of the brain.
worse. This is not what he'd imagined when he'd first dared to imagine John's calloused fingers on his skin.
Holmes says nothing to her, just unbuttons his long, woollen coat and stands stiffly close to the appointment room door.
swallowed me whole in terms of enthusiasm, so I hope the end result of that and this latest chapter with soothe the sting of unanswered comments section communique.
Late that night, just when Sherlock expects the inevitable excuses and apologies which have preceded John's retreat back to his own house, John closes his eyes instead. He hasn't stayed the night at the Drever house yet, nor has Sherlock stayed at his; perhaps that's about to change.
Angus is outside, filling up the petrol tank of his motorcycle. He has fresh oil stains on his old, patched-up jeans, and Sherlock has no idea how he's not freezing to death in this wind wearing no coat, just a worn plaid flannel shirt tucked under suspenders. A pipe bobbles on his lip, but no smoke is being emitted. Perhaps its purpose right now is similar to how Sherlock fiddles often with the lighter in his pocket, even when he's trying to quit. It's something to keep some of his brain occupied while the rest tries to analyse the problem at hand.
John is out of his chair, but now he's approaching Sherlock, whose skin crawls from the idea of physical contact right now. "Don't," he pleads, and John's steps come to a halt.
The judge leans back in his chair. "Mister Holmes, stop telling us how to do our jobs. Mister Wareing: you need to arrive at a point sooner rather than later. Rephrase."
"It was so awful, what happened — any young man would have been terribly affected by it, being bullied so terribly! I wish you wouldn't think so ill of me; you seem to assume that I want to embarrass you."
"What––" Sherlock's voice shakes a bit, and he hides his trembling hands in his trouser pockets and leans a bit forward against the back of the chair.
Sherlock had an angling rod as a child. He wasn't really interested in eating what came up on the rare occasion he caught something in the small lake close to their house — he wanted to study the creatures. He kept them in buckets in his room, much to the horror of his mother.
Sherlock hums, considering this. Of course, he’d planned everything meticulously — this trip had been his idea, after all. But he had made sure to allow for plenty of rest and adjustments to John's fitness level in his holiday plan. At first, his husband had got winded walking even a short distance uphill, but a week of sightseeing, city walking and beach strolling has done wonders for John's recovery. He's been back to work for weeks, but had spent most evenings before their trip napping and watching TV, needing longer to recharge than he used to. Edgar has still pitched in with running errands, but once they return home, his additional assistance will no longer be necessary and Sherlock's PA can return to working his regular contracted hours.
"It'll be––" Sherlock tries, his breathing now complete off and cutting the sentence in half, "––fine once I'm
"I had already begun taking just a half of the mirtazapine. Felt no need to open that packet. As for the other ones, I find that your presence has quite the same effect."
"I will absolutely believe you." You rest your hand on top on his on the blanket. "I will always believe you."
"How did you… when I–– when you thought I was gone–– surely, you've some asinine advice to depart? Why else would you have done this?"
, you know. There's no need to make it this difficult. I see this all the time, surgeons thinking there is nothing we can do for them, and they're wrong. A little trust could go a long way."
"I was called back to A&E to explain her injuries to the police an hour after we withdrew care. The police had ID'd her by then, and they had discovered a witness to the whole thing. It was a neighbour who was scared to come forth because the husband has yelled death threats through their mail slot when the patient had escaped to their house the last time he'd been beating the crap out of her. When she tried to leave the house this time, he followed and rammed her with his truck, then got out to douse her with petrol and lit a match. They had him in custody when they took our statements. The officer said that he did nothing to prevent himself from getting caught. Didn't care, just wanted her dead."
The Sister’s smile is somehow disarming yet stern. "I’m afraid the only exceptions are for parents of underage patients."
Sherlock is standing between him and the open bedroom door, wringing the skin on his arm under the bundle of the throw since he does not know what he's supposed to say or do. Does John want his explicit consent for serving him lunch, or is silence enough?
"It'll all look a lot better and easier tomorrow. Come on. You can give me a hand with the potatoes and assemble your own plate since you always tell me I have no idea how you want things to be," Violet says, and gives him a conspiratorial smile.
Despite all that, she needs the psychiatrist's advice because there is no one else she could turn to. George won't discuss these things with her — won't even understand why they matter. He keeps saying that there is little use in dwelling in the past, refuses to see how it is Sherlock and not his wife who has chosen to go down that path. Such is the mess in which he has now also involved Violet, and Sherlock seems to want answers, confessions, atonement… even though he doesn't have all the facts. Whether those facts should be offered to him is another matter, and that is why Violet is now darkening the doorstep of someone she should loathe on principle for intruding in family matters — even if in a benign, professional capacity.
"Words are limited in reflecting reality; what does it matter what other people heard — the medical facts should be more important?" he points out.
"Welcome to Oxford," Sherlock says, and his now warm, indulgent tone makes John believe he really is that — most welcome. "We should get a taxi; the distance is about two kilometres."
"Right, yes, sorry," John replies, and straightens his tie. He's not going to let these people judge Sherlock for the things that make him an exceptional surgeon.
John finds one small bit of suture still imbedded in the skin and makes a smiling song and dance about removing it while chastising Sherlock for thinking he could manage such a complicated procedure without his doctor. John now smiles with all of his face instead of wearing those diminished, tight, forced expressions of before. He's open with all of his body, constantly hovering close by no matter what they do together. He only returns to his old, reserved self when there are others around. Angus he doesn't seem to mind; he relaxes, even, in the lighthouse-keeper's presence. Sherlock can understand why: the old man carries an air of having seen so much life that judgement has fallen by the wayside a long time ago. And perhaps the islanders aren't even half as disapproving as John thinks they are.
. Victor always wanted takeout, which Sherlock ordered on most days, anyway. It's odd how this sudden and unfamiliar domesticity of being cooked a meal consumed pleasant company is making him anxious about having to let go of this moment soon. He's done nothing of note since arriving here, nothing he would consider worthy of his time in London. All he's done is interact with two odd islanders and learn about the wildlife. Why does that make him feel more invigorated than a week's worth of interesting NSY cases?
"Because a physical infirmity is a legitimate reason to need help and support, and a psychological one is not? Was your cervical fracture not deserving of the help you needed to recover from it?"
"Yes, it was. I… when I have raised the subject with him that he wasn't the only one who had a difficult time of his childhood, he dismisses it completely. It's always all about him, never mind his family. He doesn't know, and he doesn't understand what we gave up for him. Perhaps someone else could have coped with him
"Holmes?" Dr Kim asks with contained alarm in her tone. "I've got tachy and the BP's falling. Something going on at your end?"
"Not many people to talk to out here," John muses as they stand side by side by the garden gate, watching Angus Ardle get smaller and smaller on the horizon.
"It sounds too easy an explanation. It doesn't explain why I'm…" Sherlock doesn't even want to try to describe or address the ridiculous way in which he's behaving. Shame has crept in again: why can't he just keep it together for John's sake?
"Well, since she helped you get back to your studies, I suppose she must have been useful," Violet admits begrudgingly.
"Push and pull. He tries to push us away and reacts when I refuse to accept such a thing. George tells me to give him space, but that has never led to anything good with Sherlock. I don't know what he expects out of these therapy sessions. Instead of really listening to me during them, he just looks like he's about to march off any minute."
Sherlock uses tiny patches of gauze with long, thin threads to make sure not even a single minuscule vessel in the surrounding structures is trickling blood, and then prepares to retreat. He takes his instruments out of the brain, stretches his neck, requests some juice with a straw. Then, he draws a few slow, deep breaths. To John, he looks a tiny bit incredulous — sceptical, even — that it's nearly over, that all he needs to do is close up.
Sherlock shrugs, a jerky little thing because his posture is very tight, shoulders drawn towards his sternum. "It's all… relative," he manages.
Standing in his home study, visible through the doorway which connects it to the library, Mycroft makes two phone calls.
Sherlock sits up, coughing a bit which makes him frown and then narrow his eyes indignantly as though it's beneath him to demonstrate such pedestrian symptoms. "John. You look as fetching as always." He raises a sly brow at the protective gear.
, Sherlock!?" John appears in the bedroom doorway, his expression a mixture of anger, exasperation and accusation. "I'm trying to get some bloody
It still stung, because all Sherlock has done all night and all morning was looking forward to seeing him. He feels disgustingly clingy, longing for reassurance from John that he hasn't done anything wrong or neglected to do the right things. He'd left after forty-five minutes and realised on his way back that he hadn't even eaten breakfast. Hence the sandwich he now regrets, because it sits on the plate like a physical manifestation of his guilt, smelling of congealed cheese and cold tandoori chicken.
"Thank you," Sherlock parses together. He then sits back down, expecting the supervising nurse to leave.
"As well as he should be, I suppose. I wouldn't know." Most of John's convalescence has floated by unregistered while he's been too preoccupied with his own thoughts.
"Assuming the media loses interest. There's no sign of that yet," John points out. Reporters have been plentiful in numbers at the courthouse, and the coverage has been neutral so far since they're so early into the proceedings. He wonders if Fairholme will be allowed to take the stand and hopes he won't. It would be easy for journalists to do as Halloran had predicted they might — to create a narrative of the big, bad, impersonal and uncaring system personified by a callous surgeon betraying some sweet old lady, leaving her husband to seek justice alone.
Then, when you're already tempted to step in because you know it's all a waste of breath that's just going to make Sherlock cranky at you for the rest of the day, your colleagues move on to the topic of drugs. Recreational ones. It's in Sherlock's records that he used cocaine, and he now gets a stern warning not to indulge in stimulants if doesn't want to get another bout of atrial fibrillation or stress his heart with unnecessary sinus tachycardia.
The difficulties Sherlock experienced in medical school are detailed in a prior part of this fic series called
The anaesthesia call room is in the same hall as those reserved for surgeons. On a whim, John goes to knock quietly on the door of the room reserved for the neurosurgical consultant.
Has the way he'd started to feel before John's surgery and which has got worse since dragged to the surface old, useless things that have happened between in their marriage — just like that dreadful Christmas had bubbled up the bloated corpse of all the problems in his relationship with his mother?
They haven't kissed. Not once. He doesn't know if Sherlock likes it. Somehow, asking about it would have felt like putting pressure on him.
Emotionally fortified by the message, he rings his mother, realising that he wants to speak with her about this. Of all the people in his life, she has always been the realist. John, Mycroft and the solicitor are all likely to try to reassure him even when things are dire; Violet Holmes just might be the only one who won't dismiss his worries lightly.
John can't help glancing up to see the daylight-shade LED panels above. They had been installed after Sherlock had an accident trying to unscrew the old, chittering halogens which used to be in their place. He'd paid for this improved lighting so that he could tolerate spending nights in the room.
"When he's overwhelmed, executive dysfunction can be assumed to appear. Maslow's hierarchy of needs, John: food, water, warmth, rest. Don't be alarmed if he struggles with things that he sorts out effortlessly on normal mornings when the two of you are heading to work — things such as personal hygiene and breakfast. This isn't a normal morning, though you are tasked with making it feel like one. I won't tell you to stick to routines because he abhors them when they're things enforced on him and not things that he does to soothe his nerves. You are your best asset, John, and his best soft place to land. Anyone would be profoundly affected by what he went through yesterday, and familiarity is a good antidote."
"I don't want him to force himself to tolerate my social floundering out of some misguided sense of obligation."
John is quite certain it stopped being a problem when Sherlock had kissed him, violin and bow still in hand, after playing the first movement of Prokofiev's violin concerto to John without any trouble from his injured wrist.
The nicotine patches introduced before Sherlock's first sedation break don't seem to be doing the trick any longer. There are now three of them, and it had taken a lot of convincing and a detailed explanation in the hallway outside Sherlock's room conveyed by Mycroft to the ITU registrar regarding how Sherlock likely has fewer nicotine receptors than most and thus requires larger doses of nicotine to achieve the calming effect people seek from smoking. The hospital has no other formulations available than the patches, so a week's supply of extra strength nicotine supplement mouth spray is delivered by one of Mycroft's agents.
. He has read that, at the premier performance, the composer had buried his head in his hands and cried.
"I'm glad. These are all things I would have made referrals to for you here in London, had you stayed in England longer."
He hadn't asked yesterday. He hadn't asked, so these words must mean something. Is it less serious, less of a conscious decision, if it's not spoken about?
Instead of the cold, hard surfaces of John's apartment that he is now willing to admit looks more like a bank office's reception hall than a home, there is red tweed, soft rugs, dark, rounded wood, and soft, yellow light. John wants to roll around in it, grab that greenish plaid blanket and curl underneath it on the worn, crooked sofa with an Ian Fleming book.
The words which come out once our lips part are an entity entirely separate from me. They're vultures leaving a carcass. A confession.
"Come here," John prompts softly, spreads his arm towards Sherlock, who instantly scoots closer, rests his head on John's shoulder. John has to push away some of his curls since they threaten to end up on his lips, and that tickles.
What is the point of subjecting John to another undoubtedly painful and tedious examination? To provide training for some hapless intern? Couldn't they find someone else to pester? Sherlock decides he's irritated that there is no consistency in whether the staff call John by his first name or his proper title. "Weir? Is that the junior ENT?"
His finger halts on the touchscreen when the name Harriet Watson comes up. She's John’s only close living relative, and Sherlock is unsure whether she would expect such news via a phone call or if a text message would be acceptable. He detests speaking on the phone; he finds it hard to read people face-to-face and, without the visual element, picking up on social cues is a losing game for him. Sherlock decides to err on the side of caution, grits his teeth and makes the call.
"If I was willing to lose my best goddamned neurosurgeon just because he can be a nightmare to work with, I'd have sacked his arrogant arse years ago. But you know as well as I do that it wouldn't have been in the best interest of the Trust at all."
He doesn't unlock the car doors until he's caught up to the man. "I'm not the enemy, Sherlock. Nobody knows you better than I do, and nobody is more impressed by you than I am. Hell yes, I'm biased, but I wouldn't lie to you. Not about this."
"We'll speak no more of a second MRI, then. As for the plan, stop dithering and explain it." While not exactly enthusiastic, Sherlock at least seems eager to put things into motion. Probably because he wants to get out of this appointment room and this building.
"When should I stop using the system? How do I know it's done what it's supposed to?" He demands of Ella.
"He's got several big risk factors for accidental awareness, that's for sure. Hemodynamic instability, late night emergency case, cardiac surgery, neuromuscular blockade. Past substance use as well."
all this, but the suffocating sense of stale convalescence in the flat is grating on his nerves like nails on a blackboard.
John clears his throat and wraps an arm around Sherlock's waist, tugging him closer. "If you come along, you'll have to promise to behave even if there are lots of handsome officers walking around."
"Because this place is full of oxygen and you'd probably blow a big hole in the wall," you suggest, astonished at the fact that he's barely out of the propofol infusion and already arguing with you. You've seen this before, though. After general anaesthesia to fix an ankle fracture after he'd refused a spinal block led to such a rapid emergence after being carted to the recovery room that he managed to fall out of bed. Thankfully, the ankle wasn't broken a second time. Mycroft had threatened to sue, though you're not sure who. Possibly Sherlock, for giving his big brother yet another scare.
John is delighted when his phone rings; even if it isn't news about Sherlock, it'll give him something to do.
Sherlock sheds his coat and hangs it on a hook in the hall. John has discarded his shoes by the front door and is wearing a pair of woollen socks. Sherlock's wellingtons are too loose without a similar pair, but at least the ones he's wearing on top of his regular socks are black so they won't clash
"He let the matter be. Wouldn't have put it past him to sneak around, to search for the envelope later and read it, anyway; he's always been much too curious for his own good, and of course he has no sense of personal boundaries. Once he'd gone upstairs, I read the contents of the envelope and burnt all of it in the fireplace before he could get to it. They must have those records at the hospital too, since they have all these electronic systems now, and my GP was sent a copy of the discharge letter. No need to keep any of that in the house."
to say, isn't it?!" Sherlock snaps. "All you ever need to do is to shove patients full of tubes and then second-guess the surgeons who have to make the tough decisions and face the consequences!"
The Doppler phenomenon = the frequency of ultrasound signals is altered by whether they are becoming more distant or coming closer to the observer. An ambulance’s sound changing as it gains distance from the listener is a good example. The Doppler phenomenon is used to image the direction of blood flow inside blood vessels and the heart.
Sherlock seems to be in a cranky mood; no wonder John had been picking up on it throughout the day. It's a good sign, of course, that he has enough energy to whinge and act out, but it means that the
She shifts in her seat. "Are any of your worries connected to your gender? Do you feel as though you must be particularly presentable because of it?"
"Mister Kloos, please clear the audience section while we discuss those reasons, then," the chairman cuts in.
?" Perhaps John is right and understanding Angus is like any sport, requiring simply a lot of practice to master.
," Sherlock squeezes out from behind clenched teeth at you after the evening entourage of rounding doctors and nurses leaves. "I'm sure that would hurt less." He had remained silent during their visit by his bedside, presumably because he hadn't wanted to miss any pertinent information. He'd managed to also suppress the need to express his pain for those fifteen minutes, but now he's panting because of it.
, so it must go both ways. He helps you, but that's what people do in a marriage. I… things I said about John in the beginning and things I said about that Victor were all because it worried me you might latch onto a person who wouldn't treat you right. Victor obviously didn't. But John is not your caregiver, that much is obvious to me, because you haven't needed a caregiver for many years, Sherlock."
. "The trial won't start until next month, or the wait might be even longer if the psych eval gets complicated. What that man did, he… nothing justifies murder. Nothing. And Greg can't find a single thing wrong in those patient records. It wasn't your fault, Sherlock, but I know saying that won't change your mind because it's complicated, isn't it?"
John goes to his chair behind the desk and start typing up an MRI request. "We can do the imaging right now, if you want."
a sister. At least that's what they told us. Those ultrasound machines back then weren't so good, as you must know; I hear that they still can't promise a hundred percent accuracy in determining the gender," Violet laments. "Nowadays, young people seem to think that an… medically ending a pregnancy just an alternative to prophylactics. Back in the day it was… one didn't speak about such things so freely. Or at all."
Smiling like a hyena at a Barbour wax coat -clad older man who carried the air of a stuffy aristocrat, Violet gives Sherlock a very brief disapproving glance. "Nobody knows what that is, dear. What about some nice Elgar? Some Pomp and Circumstance is always appropriate."
, and it's so odd how the coldness in your stomach which seeing him in pain has created has swallowed your doubt and your anxiety over accepting what he is to you.
"We must put our own oxygen mask on first, Sherlock. Selflessness is not commendable when it comes at too high an expense."
"Where do the patients go when you're not… available?" Sherlock asks. He's proud of how he'd scrambled to phrase this; he doesn't want to remind John that he's technically awol even today. He thinks it likely that John will return to work tomorrow. It's so odd to think that something must've happened yesterday to make a member of the normally dutiful British medical profession blow off their duties. Then again, judging by the receptionist's reaction, this isn’t the first time.
As much as he liked to pretend that he never cared about who he got off with, it hurt to be cared about so little that not even his name mattered. He'd never given them his real one before — why did he suddenly feel like he would burst if he had to pretend to be someone else for one minute more?
Relieved that he can cross King's off his list, Sherlock decides against calling his parents for now. Mummy would overreact and fuss terribly, and her stupid questions and assumptions of his inability to cope would only rile Sherlock up. He's already on edge; he doesn't need or want her attention right now.
"It does, yeah," Mike replies enthusiastically. He has a good bedside manner and you hope that his keen interest in what he's just diagnosed is contagious enough to help Sherlock digest the news.
Sherlock's hands clamp like a vice to the edges of the bed and with an agonised groan, he turns to his side and then pushes himself to a sitting position. "I'm done here."
At least his cock isn't having such an emotional conundrum. It's jutting up proudly towards his bellybutton, ready for anything.
John's ears pick up the sound of the faucet in the washing area and he slips out of the OR into the washing area. There, Sherlock is scrubbing his fingernails vigorously with a slight frown of concentration. He tends to do a preliminary, thorough wash-up before coming in to attach the Sugita head frame, after which he does a second wash-up complete with hand disinfection before gowning and gloving up.
"Is that account of events inaccurate?" the director asks Sherlock. "Would the family care about further details, do you think? They knew the risks. Some of the world's best surgeons declined to attempt this surgical procedure."
"Yes, vaguely. I was given a tablet of something about half an hour before that. I assume it was a sedative?"
"I don't want to continue being a person who needs to talk to a professional when something bad happens. I made a mistake, but not because of my ASD or whatever personality trait or character fault others would seek to blame. I made it because I failed the standards I'd set for myself, and the standards I set consequently for my surgical performance with that patient."
"Retired?" Sherlock suggests, though the man's age says otherwise. It's a good technique to get people to talk to make potentially slightly insulting claims which they'll want to correct.
Sherlock has stopped listening. Apparently the slowly cooling chicken casserole is more riveting than anything John has to say.
"Hey Siri, play Farrenc's third symphony." A rare 19th century female composer, Louise Farrenc has been described by a prominent music critic as being able to
perfusion = the passage of blood through the blood vessels or other natural channels in an organ or tissue
That hadn't even occurred to you, and you want to kick yourself. Nitro-glycerine and aspirin would truly be a terrible idea in that scenario. There's noradrenalin infusing now and the diuretics, and another shot of morphine has made Sherlock stop clawing off his oxygen mask. His blood pressure is still low and his heart rate high, which you suspect will be difficult to remedy without addressing the cause.
Spinal injuries are handled by both neurosurgeons and trauma surgeons depending on the availability of such specialists in-house, and the type of the surgical instrumentation needed for the fracture type.
"You really should head home and not waste more of your weekend here," John tells him. “I feel a bit better, but it's hard to keep my eyes open; I guess that’s GA for you. They’ve obviously put me on something good for the pain.”
Sherlock for the way his husband sees the world. Many doctors just pile up the tough experiences and empathy fatigue at work until it turned into burnout. Sherlock's natural ability to compartmentalise medical science and addressing patients' emotional needs just might be the best armour against the burnout plaguing so many NHS physicians.
"You carry her memory, and I'm sure George does, too," Doctor Pichler reminds her. "You have every right to think of her as one of your children. There are many different circumstances which could have robbed you of a chance to get to know her."
"I heard about what happened yesterday," she replies amicably, "and wanted to see how the two of you were doing."
"The bypass promotes blood clotting. What if there are significant amounts of blocked microcirculation––"
"I don't want you to change a single thing," John announces, places a hand on Sherlock's knee and gives it a pat.
"How have things been lately?" John asks Andrew after an Institute secretary had ashed Sherlock to sign some papers in her office. The PhD student had escorted John to the break room and given him a mug of tea.
Asperger’s syndrome is no longer a separate diagnostic entity in the neuropsychiatric diagnostic classifications. Sociopathy is a feature associsted most often with antisocial personality disorder, not a separate personality disorder.
"Are these not also core values and imperatives expressed in the GMC's Good Medical Practice guidelines?"
You're startled to realise that you've not heard it before. A confusing moment passes before you realise it's Sherlock's replacement valve. It
Mycroft steps out into the hall while the exam is done; you stay in, telling yourself it's penance for your minor breakdown in the loo earlier that you must watch and stay composed. Sherlock remains lost to the world while his heart is imaged from many angles, colourful puffs of Doppler showing only minor leaks at the seams of the new valve ring. You manage to appreciate how the oesophageal probe gives a much sharper, more detailed image than the transthoracic one, since the cage of the chest wall isn't in the way.
I remember a nightmare from the days before the wedding. I was at the venue, trying to make sure everything was ready for the reception. As I moved about the place, I kept bleeding; thin, burgundy trickles of blood on the flood, creating a map, not unlike that of the London underground. Nobody noticed. Nobody saw, or if they did, they seemed to think it was normal.
. Always been able to trust my senses, the evidence of my own eyes, until last night. And I don't know
"Who, in your opinion, is the best at explaining these things to patients and family members?" the barrister inquires.
Perhaps he'd been so distracted that he didn't pick up on Greg's sarcastic humour. Then again, he rarely does. You've suspected for long that he has learned how to deduce when people are making fun of him, even if he can't decipher the specific underlying subtext. You're pretty sure he's learned to recognise those things because he's been subjected to bullying so many times. It's in the way he goes for offense instead of defence when interacting with people he knows don't like him; it was plain as day in his interactions with Sebastian Wilkes. That first night, he tore into Sally Donovan and Anderson in a very cruel manner before they got any punches in. It seemed like a particularly intense knee-jerk reaction to being embarrassed in front of you, a new person he seemed to want to impress. A person who he wanted to like him. Having to work so hard — to overdo it, even, with that wink and exaggerated politeness he never employed later — spoke of someone who values a friendly approach from others so very greatly because it's a precious thing rarely experienced.
It's infuriating how no one can offer him any reassurance about things getting better once John comes home. They may have answers about physical recovery and sick leave length and such, but they cannot predict what will go on in Sherlock's head.
"Stop acting like an idiot," he tells John. "You keep lecturing all the surgical and anaesthesia registrars that mismanaged acute pain is a risk factor for chronic pain problems. Walk the walk."
"Yeah… no. Fuck," John says, licks his lips nervously. "I didn't know if you'd want to… since you left, since you left just like
John realises too late that he's raised his voice. Soon, he hears a creaking sound from the bedroom; someone is shifting in bed.
He wakes with John's fingers coiled right around his neck. Struggling to breathe, he flails with his arms, his fingers clawing through thin air as he tries to escape from the grip.
"Would you say that being less able to deduce his needs makes you feel worse when you are already having a difficult time? Makes you blame yourself, perpetuating your low sense of self-worth when it comes to relationships? Am I getting warmer?"
He'd covered his face with his hands and now he drops them an inch, shoulders hunched. In the sparse light, you can see that he's shaking.
Exuding irate superiority is how Sherlock compensates for moments when he's reminded of his mortality. The best way to stay on his graces then is to show respect for that, to not call him out on it.
"Don't... that's not… I didn't mean that. I just want you to have some perspective because I'm sure it would help."
. "He's young and fit, and everything went as well as we could have expected, considering the shape he was in. It'll be a long road, but his prognosis is very good."
"Oh, I'm visiting our mutual friend here and John kindly patched me up. I'm not registered as a patient."
There's no answer on John's first FaceTime attempt. Pursing his lips, he vacillates in the middle of the sitting room for a moment, phone in hand, and decides that Sherlock would probably prefer the webcam on his laptop, anyway. He goes to pour himself a whisky from one of Mycroft's birthday gift bottles — a very indulgent Wednesday morning post-call after-breakfast treat. Well, it's nearly lunchtime, but John had lounged around in bed after crashing into it after arriving home at around nine. He had burrowed under the covers until nearly eleven since there was no mad genius demanding he make breakfast, nor was there said mad genius' impatient cock nudging him because its owner was in the mood. For Sherlock, a bed is only to be used for sleeping as the last thing on the priority list. Most often, John is in the mood in the evenings when they prepare for bed, but it often takes a long time then for Sherlock to descend down to among the mortals from whatever he'd enthusiastically been doing all evening. Research, usually. And at six in the morning on a Sunday morning, John is partial to using the bed for its original purpose rather than indulging the whims of a husband who'd stayed up half the night doing God-knows-what, after which his brain had decided the next course of action would be barely two hours of dormancy following by horniness. Sherlock's mother has repeatedly confided in John about her son's odd and often nearly non-existent sleeping habits as a child, and it appears they are continuing into middle adulthood.
He's not sorry about any of what had happened between them, not really. What he is, is envious because John gets to stay here, safe from his own thoughts presumably, while Sherlock goes back to London to face the emotional desert of his life. His is an existence punctuated not by the highs of happiness but by the lows of witnessing the terrible things in his work that people do to each other.
John decides he needs to trust Sherlock — to believe he's telling the truth when he says he's not alarmed by their nudity or their closeness, or by John's physical reactions. He trusts that Sherlock will tell him where the line is, should he get close to crossing it. John has lain awake countless nightly hours in his flat on Malta wondering about the questions which now return full force: where is the line? What will Sherlock enjoy, what will he tolerate, and what will put him off?
Sherlock glares at the DI. “You know I’m right. Whoever did this used the rug to wrap the body and transport it out so it wouldn’t drip. Get me some luminol.”
The coffee is slightly bitter but there's enough sugar to compensate, and just a splash of milk. He consumes half of it, then shifts his attention back to the surgical field.
. It means his reputation is officially cleared even though the news won't of course reach everyone who has seen his name in the press.
Every morning, he lets out a rattled breath of relief because John doesn't know yet; he can still pretend everything hasn't changed. Sometimes it's the smallest things, rather than criminal master plans or elaborate family secrets, which ultimately destroy what a man has fought to preserve.
"I closed it because I didn't know if you were going to start doing something that would make noise," John explains. He grabs a throw and spreads it on his legs while Sherlock settles to the opposite side of the bed. John never sleeps on the side he has now taken over, and this side of the bed feels foreign and wrong for Sherlock.
Holmes stares at her. There is shock in his expression and instead of the human version of a racehorse expecting to dart off at any second, he now appears frozen in place.
What his mind keeps returning to is how things were between the two of them after Afghanistan, but why? Why
Mycroft glances at his Piaget. "You have an hour to dispel that body odour, to find a passable suit in your considerable collection, and to do something about that hair."
"I just like hearing your voice," John suggests, "and seeing you. This is just me, not some dinner party from hell where you have to behave yourself. And you do. You've never not… well, tried your best," John admits.
She doesn't need a therapist; all she'd needed was an answer from someone who allegedly knows how to handle her son.
"I would do everything in my power to fight for their right to compensation and rehabilitation and the best treatment medicine could offer. I would
Sherlock pauses and drinks a mouthful of water. He's gone a bit pale; John knows it can't be easy remembering those moments. He's already had to relive them at court.
It's heady. Reckless. Intoxicating in a way he knows won't leave a physical hangover. As for the mental one that will undoubtedly leave his Mind Palace in disarray again…
Sherlock slides his hand down his groin, gathers his balls with his forefinger and middle finger pressing just a bit behind them on the perineum.
The changed body language after answering questions without the audience present might mean that the ASD has been brought up. Sherlock had gone through a shouting match with Vandersteen over it but eventually accepted that his career was too high a price to pay for trying to avoid discussing it. It would be on the table, anyway, since Joanna's statement made no secret of that diagnosis. Vandersteen had said that, in terms of assessing impairment, insight and honesty are the most important things that the Tribunal board wants to see, and appearing evasive or secretive is the worst thing Sherlock could do.
You will kiss him yet. You will do all those things which separate friends from lovers, and you will savour like you've never savoured them before, because seeing him experience all of them for the first time will make you feel as though you are, too.
"Do go on, I haven't got all day," Sherlock prompts the supervising nurse who reads out the rest of the timeout list. They establish that the patient's MRI has been brought up on the large screen on the wall, anaesthesia states that everything is stable and there are no special considerations at their end. The patient has hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia, but neither is complicating matters right now. What had complicated matters, however, were the two cerebral aneurysms which needed to be treated by an interventional radiologist before this tumour operation could be attempted. One had been filled with platinum coils and the other fixed with a flow-diverted stent.
Perhaps witnessing Sherlock in the OR today — behaving as disagreeably as he had when they'd first met — had affected John more than he had wanted to admit. They've come so far since those early days: Sherlock has emerged from the shadow of the insecurities which used to make him so defensively prickly.
"There was a personal medical matter which was resolved without any long-term consequences. It had no bearing on the prior GMC complaint, so it shouldn't have any significance now."
John's hand is a bit clammy but warm. Sherlock gives it a squeeze before slipping his fingers between John's.
. He doesn't have his clothes, his books, his phone or his laptop or any of the other things he's used to fill his living space and occupy his mind outside of work. His mind should be consequently imploding, caving in on itself like the collapsing dome of a violently erupting volcano — yet it isn't. He should not be feeling this strange calm that only John's presence can bring, should not be so attuned to these alien surroundings instead of being wholly preoccupied with the contents of his head.
The contrast between that and the way he behaves in the privacy of his flat makes John realise the depth of the thespian's skills required to keep up such a facade even when things had been at their most difficult.
except in cases of advanced dementia. People don't often understand that we have no magic button to fix someone who's so badly ill or injured that no amount of modern medicine could regain them any meaningful sort of life. People always say that they don't want to die in a hospital hooked up to every kind of wire and hose, but when it comes to their family, they're often too scared and don't know enough about medicine to make the tough decisions."
London, 1536. England awaits with bated breath the fate of Queen Anne Boleyn but, as physician John Watson is about to learn, hers is not the only tragedy unfolding at the Tower.
A suit jacket lands on the bed but Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. "Yes, yes, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth, do keep up." He then re-appears and sits down on the bed to unlace his leather oxfords. "The first room they tried to foist on me had this eyesore of an art panel above the bed, dark red and messy and distracting. They changed me to one of the Gold rooms, instead, after I complained, but the second keycard wouldn't work."
In the OR, when the remainder of the operation was still ongoing, he could lose himself in the surgical work, push the heavy clouds in his head to the side because there was a job to do. He couldn't have managed without Lestrade, though — the man's easy, routine conduct had lent him the confidence he had lost down the circling drain of arterial blood pulsing out of the patient. He's always possessed that confidence, been in his element in the OR. Now, every millimetre he advanced further in the brain matter felt like holding a live grenade with the pin out. It became a game of how long he could cheat fate before another disaster struck. It never did — the rest of the surgery was uneventful. Anaesthesia got the patient's circulation parameters and coagulation under control, replenished their intravascular volume, and the rest of the tumour was removed. The anaesthesia team escorted the patient to the intensive treatment unit for postoperative care, and Sherlock lingered in the OR during the preparations for the move even though there was no role for him. Trying to do a neurological status exam would have been pointless because the patient was heavily sedated still. Lestrade and Sherlock had agreed that the patient needed to be given extended time in the ITU to recover before a sedation break would be attempted. A control CT would be taken at 12 hours to see how wide an area of brain infarction was developing. An MRI would follow after emergence from sedation and extubation.
"I have, and none of it would put me off. Very few people would have me as a flatmate. Or a friend."
Back in the day, they used to stage HIV appointments in back rooms, side buildings with separate, concealed entrances. Now, those patients are treated like anyone else, except that sometimes, they have their own units such as this one. Instead of walking out, I sit in the corridor and watch the people moving past. Which ones of them have it, and which ones are here as family members? Can I deduce it from the hunch of their shoulders, from the way they glance at others, from the way they carefully select a seat far away from the right appointment room door even if it hasn't been marked with any kind of a sign?
John lifts up the cod he's holding. "A decent size for one meal. This is the only spot in Orkney where they go this dark brown," John says.
Sherlock's head whips to the side to stare at her. She never speaks about Victor voluntarily unless it's to curse his very existence.
Violet Holmes has told John plenty of embarrassing things about her son, but this is different. "John has no idea I was once committed to inpatient treatment."
"The situation with my mother is… tentatively improved. Edgar has proven himself useful. John is… I find he seeks my support more these days instead of just acting like a long-suffering minder. I like that. My employment arrangement has proven fruitful and spares me from a lot of very boring run-of-the-mill back surgery. Things are better. So why am I not reaping the benefits? Why can't I get past what's in my head right now to focus on John's recovery?"
"We don't always do things to spite others, Sherlock. John would be the first to tell you he had a life before you, during which he made quite similar life choices.
stayed overtime to do so. I explained thoroughly to the neurologists looking after her the reasoning of my situation, and I had no cause to assume they'd be too incompetent to relay it properly to the patient's family. If there was a conflict or the family wanted more information, the neurologists could have asked the neurosurgeon on call that night to speak with them. I'm sure he would have come to the same conclusion as I did."
Once back in his appointment room, John doesn't call his next patient right away but goes to stand by the window, wanting a moment to himself to clear his head. There had been nothing too challenging about the consultation he's just had, no real conflict regarding the treatment plan, but he can't help admitting that Sherlock Holmes has made quite an impression on him — and one that isn't entirely negative. The man had been obstinate, uninterested in his own care, unimpressed by John's expertise, yet curious about John himself.
"No one would expect you to go back right now, no matter how you feel," Joanna explains. "It's common courtesy that people are allowed to take some time to themselves after being exposed to upsetting things at work."
in there. If he's–– he's injured, I need to go with him. I won't talk to the press, I won't interfere with the investigation, just… I need to know he's alright. I'm in admin; I couldn't give any public statements, anyway, since that's not my assigned task."
"He needs to swap Landers' list with mine tomorrow because the idiot has fallen off a ladder repairing the roof of that cottage he has in the Cotswolds."
"I don't know how to function without you. And I know how to function even less when you're right there but when we're not… communicating very well. When I don't know what to do to make things better for you. I feel more alone, then, than I did before we met because you're right there, but not really present, and you behave as though I'm the last thing you want to even look at."
"Like I said, there was too much old damage. We resected that tissue so that there would be less of a risk for future endocarditis. He's not an active user now, is he?"
John grabs a pencil and notepad. He likes to do things the old-fashioned way instead of typing up notes during appointments to save time later. "Have you had any prior injuries in the same limb?"
"You are a sports surgeon, then?" Sherlock asks, eyes roving the photographs and awards and orthopaedic textbooks on John's shelves.
He hasn't laughed like that once since arriving here. In fact, he can't remember laughing like that since… he can't remember.
He can't help but wonder if he can ever be truly equal with his partner, or if the standards will always be different for him because of who and what he is.
Those memories always made him feel detached, like he wasn't quite where his corporeal self resided in those moments. Like he couldn't quite hold on to his own timeline. Like there was still hope. A chance that things could have been different.
There's something about the way she has phrased the question that gives him pause. She is one of the few people who understands how difficult it is for him to turn feelings into words, to get them to make sense to other people. Even John would just demand to know why he's upset, not inquire whether he's in a state where he could attempt to communicate.
"I know there's some fucking winners with not very Hippocratic attitudes working at A&Es, but I promise you we don't work like that here. Even though A&E staff have to deal with aggressive users and drunken idiots every shift, you
He had expected some brainless pickup line involving the word "distraction", but instead Victor had stepped back, then presented to Sherlock two tablets of Vicodin and two lines of cocaine.
"I will take that as a compliment, then," she chuckles. "Though I would advise not to say that to John."
You wonder how much Sherlock understands of what he's seeing; he is probably well-versed in the anatomy of all major organs, but only a physician could glean from Mike's explanation the severity of the situation. You feel an urgency to make sure it hits home. You don't do it to be cruel — you do it to be kind to a man for whom information is always the lifeline that keeps his world organised and preserves his sense of control over his life.
from John can erase the fact that they'll never be equals in this marriage. Talking to his mother had temporarily eased his worries, and he tries to summon back his precarious equilibrium by clinging to the recent revelation that he's not the only member of his family who has struggled to function in a relationship with a normal person.
Sherlock stares. It's not a pleasant thought, even if John had meant it as a compliment, that someone's sobriety might land on his shoulders.
"You can tell him you've recommended an emergency fraternectomy with a side order of breast enlargement."
He's looking past your shoulder, eyes an angry, determined line. Maybe that's your answer. He doesn't even trust his body right now, so how much trust could he spare for other people?
"I was admiring your fishing gear, not your backside, and there are a great many things I'd love to give you a hand with," Sherlock replies, allowing his baritone to slip into its lowest register. He closes the distance between them; rows and rows of greyed old nets are concealing them from the doorway, so there's no reason to hesitate. He leans forward, sliding a hand behind John's neck to pull him close, to claim his mouth and suck a bit of lip between the front teeth just enough to signal the sort of possessiveness he feels right now.
"You're not wrong, and I am thankful how you have picked up the slack, but I don't wish to discuss this further."
breathing exercises after being on the respirator = artificial ventilation is never as good as real, physiological breathing in keeping those alveoli (lung sacks) inflated and ready to exchange gases (oxygen and carbon dioxide). Breathing exercises are done with patients to re-open alveoli and to keep them open. Breathing high percentages of oxygen will also cause atelectasis (collapse of alveoli).
John scrambles to continue on a different note. "Then there were those sessions with Molly that were really tough, but they made me understand better why things went to hell after Bastion."
John crushes his mouth down on Sherlock's lower lip, which leads to some extended kissing and rolling around the messy, crumpled sheets. John is getting a bit cold now, despite having his arms full of a warm genius neurosurgeon and any movement he tries to make underneath the weight is getting uncomfortable due to their sweat-sticky skins.
"Pain in my neck. Pressure. Something warm trickling down. Being stuck on my wrist with something, presumably they were putting in lines. Burning in my arm, mask on my face. They were talking about me as if I wasn't there — as if they didn't know I could hear it."
"What about those?" John asks, pointing at an unopened package of Yorkshire Gold on the cluttered kitchen table.
John's jaw nearly drops. His husband has come a long way, if he can casually address — in conversation with
Once I begin speaking, it's hard to stop. Things tumble out. Slip out. Things I thought were over and done with, dealt with, put away, filed away in the Mind Palace. Mary. The Lazarus plan. Serbia. I can tell from John's shifting expressions and the fact that he was suddenly asking about my time away that he feared that it was not narcotics use but an event even more sinister which had infected me, that I had concealed this from him even now, blaming a contaminated needle.
. And John worries that, once Roger Fairholme gets to explain why he targeted Sherlock, the press really might turn.
Their existence might even turn out to be convenient: if John wants to vent his stress and frustration, he can go yell at them. Undoubtedly, the higher-ups at King's are being pestered by phone and email, too, and it's their job to collaborate with the media; John is excusing himself from such duties for the time being.
John gives him a side-eye as he begins discarding his hospital pajamas with no regard to whoever might see him naked through the glass door.
"That's not how diabetes works. My glucose metabolism is entirely normal," Sherlock declares, "as are all my other endocrine functions, as these nosy idiots would tell you." He nods towards the door, through which they can see a pair of Med Bay nurses walking past.
What John is wearing is another indulgence, perfect for an evening alone: an old flannel dressing gown. Sherlock had threatened to call animal control to dispose of quote, 'such a monstrosity'. John loves that ratty old thing; he'd bought it as a uni student, and it's the perfect combination of smooth, warm, and familiar.
This series features the exciting medical and romantic adventures of doctors Watson (senior neuroanaesthetist and director of operative services) and Holmes (consulting neurosurgeon) as they navigate their careers and their relationship.
Sherlock braces for the inevitable: a lecture on how her children — one child in particular — had ruined her plans and trapped her at home and deprived her of friends.
Though he's usually good at poking holes in other people's shoddy research, Sherlock hadn't picked up on that shortcoming.
. He's going back to King's tomorrow, which is why he's doing this today. He needs to clean the slate. Instead of a crushing, fatal blow, Drakan Zezelj will be a lesson.
He is a crime scene, a grave desecrated, and his spirit is too restless to go on as he used to — fumbling for a bit of warmth in the dark recesses of London.
"No, that's not it, Mister Holmes. I don't want to fail in what is my most important task during an operation done under general anaesthesia, which is to make sure the patient is asleep throughout. If that happens, I want to know about it so that I can make sure it never happens again. It's a recognised risk, which can be if not eliminated then at least managed."
"The food is deplorable. Are they still limiting deliveries to the base? Would explain all the tinned crap."
John drops down next to him, and after Sherlock finds a more economical rhythm of breathing again, his warm palm wraps around John's cock. Unlike for John, who likes to tease and delay and but tries to be careful not to overwhelm his lover, sometimes by halting the proceedings a few times, when Sherlock attends to John it's a process of deep concentration and focus and without interruptions. Sherlock quickly grabs a tissue to make sure they won't have to sleep in damp sheets before returning to leaning over him almost protectively as he works a swift, spit-slicked stroke of John's cock, dark and achingly hard and begging for the release of the pressure mounting on the bottom of his belly. His timing is apt; John soon comes with a shout muffled by his mouth being pressed into Sherlock's shoulder.
You try to draw a deep breath. "Sorry. Yeah, I'm John. Doctor. John Watson." You shake her hand, and her touch is firm but soft. Just what you'd want for Sherlock.
Maybe John's presence this afternoon will provide enough social pressure to get something down. He doesn't want John to see him like this, doesn't want John to carry the whole burden of fighting this thing, doesn't want to disappoint John.
"Is he…" John lowers his voice to nearly a whisper, "is there a bigger risk of something like PTSD because he's autistic?" PTSD, by definition, can be diagnosed after an acute stress reaction has lasted longer than just days or a few weeks after a stressful event.
The neurosurgical registrar, a timid young man by the name of Timothy, now appears at Sherlock's side. John wonders where he'd left the trainee earlier.
in Mycroft's kitchen. Not if they want to live. A quick sweep up and down told Sherlock the obvious — that this was not a lover or a friend, just a work acquaintance for Mycroft. Had to be the field agent in question, judging by the demeanour and the haggardness brought on by a night flight in a non-commercial carrier.
Sherlock can’t help it: the joke stings. In fact, it stings so hard that he finds it difficult to look at John for a moment. Doesn’t he understand what Sherlock has gone through this weekend, how hard he's trying? Doesn’t John realise that he had sworn never to let other people affect him again, and he’d taken a huge risk and jeopardised his mental equilibrium by letting someone love him, and by loving them back?
"Not as far as I know." Atrial fibrillation is a rhythm with which plenty of people live for decades. It's not life-threatening unless too fast or too slow, but even with an optimal ventricular response rate, it cuts off a few dozen percent of a heart's pumping ability. It would be too much of a drop for Sherlock's standards, and he would have noticed such a thing. Probably. Unless he chose to ignore it like he always ignores everything else that he thinks is just his Transport making a racket for nothing.
"And you are entitled to expect the same from him. You deserve the same from him — even when you can't strive for perfection, either. That's what in sickness and in health in wedding vows means, Sherlock: it is
"You should move in." Sherlock says without straightening his form or shifting his gaze from the eyepieces.
"His ability to dissociate and compartmentalise may actually be useful in allowing himself a respite from the stress. But make no mistake — he will need to decompress eventually about what happened. Thinking about how to bring that about is something you can leave to me for now."
The CT room is right next to acute bay, which means you're not separated from him for long. You don't try to finagle your way into the radiologist's room next to it — by now, you have grown to trust the staff to tell you and Sherlock what's going on, to do the right things to get forward. Once he's back in the acute bay, you stand by his bed like a sentry. You long for more medications, more infuser pump, more exams,
"Your mitral valve isn't holding at all. Because the blood keeps going back to the atrium, there's not enough blood circulating in your––" you start to explain.
Finally, I trail him to the kitchen. Without even asking, he runs me a glass of water just as I go for the blister packets in the top drawer. They're in the top drawer so Rosie won't get to them when she starts walking.
"After you gave her permission to do so. Don't be angry with her. Or embarrassed. I'm glad she did."
John doesn't really know why all this coverage angers him so much — it's all positive, so far. The nation is now aware of how brilliant Sherlock is, how amazingly he'd performed under pressure. Is John agitated because it just plays into the fake changeless armour Sherlock has constructed to keep others at bay?
To John, his tone sounds almost surprised — as though he has to convince himself the man in his arms is quite real.They hug at length; long enough that all the other travellers have left the platform by the time they extricate.
"I was angry at him for that decision. I thought it implicated me, and at the same time I felt it was fair that I should be punished and singled out as the culprit. My feelings were conflicted, and in hindsight, Dr Lestrade made the right decision. He saw that I was very preoccupied with trying to analyse what had happened. My focus was not on the patient's recovery — it was on the events of the surgery."
"They're not challenging, no. Especially not oligodendrogliomas of this grade. Very good margins; I could just push away the edge of the tumour from healthy tissue."
"I am on three different medications. That combination's not superior to them," I tell him. Has he prescribed it to me, contrary to GMC regulations about treating family members and friends? Why? Does he not think I'm attending my appointments or taking what I'm supposed to take?
I am firmly of the opinion that authors need not apologise for their varying posting schedules, but perhaps some of you are curious as to the reasons of why this chapter took some time to materialise. I had the pleasure of roadtripping in Iceland with Elldotsee for almost two weeks, and at the end of that holiday I developed an eye infection which put me on sick leave. Unsurprisingly, such an issue is not very conducive to staring at a screen so here we are. Rest assured I am fine and headed back to work tomorrow. Lessons learned include that volcanic ash is caustic and can easily cause severe eyelid issues. No regrets though, because Iceland f*cking SLAPS and seeing a volcano erupting is one of those once-in-a-lifetime BBC Earth moments.
"Countless patients are brought every day into Accident and Emergency departments all over the country," Sherlock points out after glancing at the judge with disdain. "It is always a distressing moment for family members when they are told nothing can be done, that their family member's prognosis is hopeless. Modern medical science has its limits, and it would be unkind and unethical to subject patients to interventions such as surgery when it is obvious that they would gain no benefit at all."
