“Damnit, Cas!” Dean let a heavy breath out. “I don’t know if you noticed, but you were kinda busy at the time. Ganking vamps, saving Sam? Yeah. So I didn’t stop and think if you could stop a bullet at the same time. Sue me.” He knew he shouldn’t be angry, that there was something deeper beyond Cas being a dick about Dean trying to save the girl.
it, wanted Cas fucking him, his cock in Dean’s ass, the pure physical sensation of being full – he wanted
"Yes." Cas said matter-of-factly, and Dean realized that he'd never celebrated Christmas before. The Winchester version probably seemed perfectly normal to him.
Dean knelt again, feeling the leather bend under his knees, and whispered, “I need you.” Then he took the angel’s length in his mouth without warning. Cas moaned, long and low, before reaching up with one arm. His fingers found the handprint he’d left in Dean’s shoulder so long ago, and his nails dug in. Dean could feel how close Cas was, the muscles in his thighs clenching, and Dean licked along the underside of his lover’s cock, watching Cas shudder.
“Unless you wanted to trip over your brother on the way,” Cas said smugly. Man, the bastard sure was cocky when he was drunk.
Cas whispers into his chest, so quietly Dean thinks he imagines it, "Surrender isn't always bad, my friend." Dean doesn't say anything, doesn't tell him how weird it is to call somebody 'friend' after fucking their brains out. He thinks, instead, how Cas knows him better than he knows himself. How he likes the look of the makeshift surrender flag on the carpet. How he likes Cas' hand filling the brand he left. How good the angel's weight feels on top of him.
it, so badly. And Cas could always tell when he wanted something. “That would be dangerous. I’m not sure how we could…” Cas stopped. “There might be a way, but I’m far from sure. It could end up killing one or both of us, Dean.” Cas looked away.
"...And?" I wasn't entirely sure what he was talking about. Had I once had marbles? Had I lost them?
Dean wondered if Cas’ appreciation for the Grateful Dead was left over from his future incarnation as an orgy loving hippie. Man, that had been a trip.
And then he holds Dean. Dean clings to him, whispering against his skin. “Fucking hell, Cas. Thought you were a one night stand away from being a virgin.”
I'd like to thank each and every one of you for sticking with me through this journey! Even if I haven't replied to your reviews, I've read them all, and they've made my day and encouraged me, so many times. If you've been reading up til now, I'd love to hear what you thought of the story and of the ending.
Dean takes Cas on a motorbike ride to the nearest bar, where he gets Cas drunk and tries to get Cas laid. He's not quite sure where it stands on worse decisions ever.
“Uh… where are we going, Cas?” Dean raised his eyebrows, pulling out of the parking lot only to hesitate on the road.
Cas’ tongue licked steadily into Dean’s mouth. Waves of pleasure reverberated through both of them as Dean moaned; right then, nothing had ever felt better than the slow, hot, wet glide of Cas’ tongue over his. His hand tightened on Cas’, grounding himself so he didn’t lose himself completely. The flower petals behind them, all around them, they erupted into Dean’s vision like fireworks, like he’d never seen them properly before. Every detail was visible, every shadow and speckle.
He cleaned the dirt off my face, felt my shaking hands and I let him. I knew nothing else, no one else to trust, so I let him. And when he took me into his arms, warm and solid, I thought how much bigger he seemed now that I was human. How much bigger than me he was, now that there was a burning in my shoulder-blades where my wings had been, where they'd been ripped away. Unknowingly, his hands pressed in just that place, and I let out a sob. He whispered my name over and over again, a litany of
Castiel sensed the change in him and strode to Dean, standing uncomfortably close. “It’s different now,” he growled. “It’s meant to be different now.”
“If there’s one thing I’ve learned in my time here, Dean… when I stayed, against every instinct telling me that I shouldn’t stay, just because I
“Oh, Dean,” Cas moaned, long and low as Dean grasped his cock, which stood between their stomachs. He started jacking it mercilessly, and Cas watched as Dean’s fist glided over every inch of his penis.
Cas looked down at him, chest heaving, cheeks deliciously flushed. And Dean barely had time to think that he wasn’t even
There was something about that phrase, that quelled all arguments about protecting Sam, about the family business. Something that shut him up good.
“Look, it’s like a damn haunted house in here.” Dean snapped. “So yeah, you’re gonna bring whatever stuff you’ve got out.”
When she’d brought him back, Amara had said, “I always liked you. Cracked chassis and all. Maybe I liked you because Dean liked you, and he released me into this world. But you were an angel and you ripped up the script, but you still cared. Not like Lucifer. Whatever you do, I know it will be good.”
He hummed along quietly and turned left when a fork in the road came up. "Where are we going?" Cas enquired.
Dean stared down at him, the stillness around them seeming to ring as he waited for the impending realization to crash down. Cas looked steadily back up at him, blue eyes practically glowing in the dark room.
“But you’re the one I want to ask.” It was close to a growl. Cas’ expression was unreadable, his hands shoved into the pockets of his trench coat.
“It still feels like…” he paused, not wanting to worry Cas. “It feels like part of your grace is still inside me.” He’d realized a few moments ago, slumped against Cas and listening to his heartbeat, that the reason he didn’t feel some tremendous sense of loss was because some spark of Cas’ grace was still firmly lodged in his chest, smoldering gently.
Sam had gone to sleep hours ago. “Come on, Cas, it’s late.” Dean said, kissing Cas’ neck and slipping his arms around the other man’s chest.
A well timed, “Your brother is right,” from Cas was all it took for Dean to purse his lips and reluctantly obey.
Castiel was staring out the window, perfectly still as they listened. Dean knew he was staring, but hey, someone losing their Led Zeppelin virginity was an important event. He cracked a smile.
Cas had finally said, “I know,” his mouth twisting up in a half smile. Dean could have hit him, or kissed him, but he just looked steady on at Cas with the full knowledge those were the last words he might ever hear. As it turned out, they weren’t. The ghosts were gone. They were safe, still crouching against the Impala, eyes fixed on one another. When Dean realized his heart wasn’t going to calm, he knelt down at cupped Cas’ face, and then he did kiss him. Their tongues slid across one another, slick and hot and perfect with teeth grazing over lips and Dean twisting their fingers together and squeezing too hard because he’d finally said it.
I wonder if there are a thousand universes, and if in every single one of them, we found each other.
When they got back to the bunker, it was fifteen minutes past two. Dean groaned as a way of saying goodnight and fell into bed. Dean made a mental note to give the guy back his trench coat. Hiding it in his trunk had been the only way to get him to wear anything else, though. He drifting off to sleep with guitars playing in his head and an odd image of Cas leaning against the hood of the impala in his leather jacket, looking up at the moon.
Dean feels Cas’ cock, filling up his channel and stretching him, thrust straight against his prostate and he sees stars. He swears and rocks on Cas’ cock, clenching around him as pleasure shoots through him again.
Cas stopped to think. After a moment, he pulled something out of the pocket of his trench coat. Upon further inspection, Dean saw that it was one of the cassette tapes he had given Cas. “You only played me the first song,” Cas said, holding it up.
They’d been on a hunt. It’d looked like a straight up salt and burn job, and they’d both wanted to go. It didn’t seem quite right that hunters would just sit around the house, fucking all the time, as much as Dean would’ve liked that. Of course, they hadn’t accounted for a powerful coven of witches cursing them so all the ghosts in the town would try to kill them. Man, he hated witches. Cas had destroyed their power source and Dean had ganked the bitches, but there was every chance it’d been too late.
Dean’s eyebrows twitched. “Whatever, come on.” He wasn’t quite sure why Cas hadn’t dried his hair, which was still dripping all over his shoulders.
“That’s been there since I rescued you from hell,” Cas said quietly. “When I branded your arm, I also branded your soul – with part of my grace. It’s a wonder you couldn’t feel it before, but maybe because you didn’t remember…”
He gave the Christmas tree a once over, in all its ramshackle glory. He hadn’t expected Sam to be home, not really, but there was still a cold spot in the bottom of his stomach. Damnit, where was Cas?
“Wouldn’t be a surprise then, would it?” Dean tapped his thumbs against the steering wheel, letting gentle guitar strings wash over him as they drove down a small lane. He had a feeling Cas was staring at him with that weird half smile thing he did, so he rolled the window down and stared firmly out it, letting the wind rustle its way through his hair. He parked the Impala on the patch of gravel at the end of the road, letting her engine’s growl carry on as he turned the volume all the way up. Cas was already out of the car, striding down to the lake’s surface. Dean smiled into the trunk as he pulled out the gear, then opened all the Impala’s door so they could hear the music.
Dean crushed his lips to Cas, and it was sweet and his head spun, before he said simply, “No.” Cas let out a desperate breath and nodded once. Dean kissed him again, sloppy and too hard. Then he was coming, hammering into Cas with everything he had, their bodies desperately fucking together as he shouted Cas’ name. He spurted his hot release on Cas’ velvety inner walls, and the second he did, he could feel Cas’ body jerking helplessly against him. For a moment, he thought Cas had started coming, but when he looked down, Cas’ dick was still hard and weeping precome between their stomachs. He stayed buried in Cas for a moment and wrapped him in his arms. He waited for the haze of his own orgasm to fade and held Cas as the angel twitched and gasped, hands trembling on Dean’s back. “Cas?” he asked. “You OK?”
“There aren’t sharks in there.” Cas answered quickly, letting the gentle waves wash over his bare feet.
Dean sank back down again, swirling his tongue around the head of Cas’ cock and toying with the slit. He lapped up a bead of pre-come. Third circle meant it was almost off the target. Humming with satisfaction, he took Cas further down. Dean relaxed his throat until he could take all of Cas. Jesus, he never thought the ability to deep-throat would be something he was proud of, but fuck if the noises Cas couldn’t hold back were encouragement enough. He liked giving Cas pleasure and goddamnit, he liked the feel of Cas’ cock in his mouth.
“You were ready to die,” Cas squinted at him, but it wasn’t the familiar squint of confusion he was used to.
Dean sat on his bed, kicking off his shoes. “Hey,” Sam said quietly at his door. “You know Cas is on the roof, right?”
Cas shifted uncomfortably. “You got in the shower for a very long time-” Dean tried to control the blush that was steadily spreading along his cheeks – “and then came out to see where I was.”
instead. And I needed you, man, and I... I thought I must have done something wrong. To have hurt you and to still have it feel that right."
“So… how’re things with Eileen?” It’d occurred to Dean that his brother disappeared for weeks with the chick without him really knowing what the hell was going on.
He drove off humming, watching Cas in the rearview mirror. Cas had his nose pressed to the glass, eagerly taking in the familiar view. As a result, Dean’s driving was slightly subpar, and he swerved over the white line in the middle of the road more times than he cared to count. Luckily, the road was pretty empty, and Sam said all he needed to with a satisfied smirk.
“Fuck, Cas. Why would you-” he took a deep breath. “I wanted us to go on this trip together. Why would I be running off to bang chicks every night?” His laugh was shaky.
Cas didn’t look thrilled, and Dean changed the subject. “Here, drink. Listen. Born to Be Wild, man.” At Cas’ confused squint, he continued. “The song playing. It’s by Steppenwolf, and it’s amazing.” Dean raised his eyebrows, and Cas dutifully downed shot after shot and tuned into the faint rock ‘n’ roll.
"Yes. I'd like that." Cas ducked his head. Dean knew they were approaching the bunker, and he slowed down almost to a crawl. He rolled his own window down, and let the barely warm breeze flow over him. He closed his eyes.
“You make me feel…” Cas paused, and Dean sucked a hickey into the skin of his neck. “Alive. Like every fibre of my being is electric.”
And so what, if he couldn’t help but whisper Cas’ name? So what, if when he came, all he could see was sparkling blue eyes and those too fucking soft lips? No, none of that was important. What was, though, was that when he’d taken care of himself and rolled over on his side to sleep, he wrapped his arms around his chest, imagining that they were Cas’ arms.
Sam opened his present, and beamed. “Emily Dickens, awesome.” A little morbid, he thought, but awesome. “We hadn’t even gotten into poetry yet.”
Dean nodded his head once and then bobbed up and down, putting a little more pressure on the finger on Cas’ ass-hole. Cas’ head fell back and then he snapped back to attention. He set his jaw and blinked, trying to focus on the target. Dean moaned sinfully around Cas’ dick, and he saw Cas’ eyelids flutter shut.
“Yeah. Right.” Dean rolled his eyes, and kicked his boots off. He sat down at the end of hid bed. He could feel the angel watching him. Man, his love life was fucked up. Since when did he even have one?
“Uh…” For a minute, Dean was convinced that he’d woken up in some Djinn-induced illusion of the (lethal) warm and fuzzies. Then he noticed that Sam’s shirt had a giant blood stain on the front, and that his arm was bandaged. That was enough to convince him that this was real life. “Eileen stabbed you?” Dean asked, grabbing a mug of ready made coffee from the counter and sitting down. “And you’re…” he trailed off, staring at Cas. “You’re making pancakes. What did I miss?”
“Yeah,” he muttered. “Grand Canyon it is. But it’s gonna take days of driving.” Something about the idea of sharing a motel room with both the angel and his brother didn’t appeal to Dean. Sam probably wouldn’t appreciate Dean having Cas-related sex dreams. Cas regarded them as prayers, and fucking weird as that was, it was… well, whatever.
He started swearing as soon as the tentative yet determined finger found his prostate. Cas added a second finger, and stroked the over-sensitive spot mercilessly. Dean knew he was moaning, begging, but he didn’t care. Screw whatever he’d thought before. He wanted, needed Cas. “Fuck, Cas, please,” he hissed. “Just fuck me.”
I knew I wanted to do another Led Zeppelin chapter, but it was a real toss-up between a bunch of songs; this one, All of My Love, Out on the Tiles, Fool In The Rain, Tangerine and Down by the Seaside, which was recommended by Castiel's_Beeswax (thank you!). I chose to do this one because in my mind, it's the purest love song out of all of them.
So I wrote this at 6 a.m. while very feverish but it's one of my favorite chapters so far, so enjoy!
like a tiny hummingbird, but he could only gasp against Cas’ lips and drink him in, one glorious, boundless
, they’d been blown away when the fuck-Cas-loves-you bomb had been dropped. But being here now, being reminded of the time before all of that had happened, and with his faculties rather compromised by how he was convinced the leaves under his back might be alive… he said, “But this… feels so…”
truth.” They were both so fucking vulnerable right now. There wasn’t anything left but the truth. “Dean,” he said in a broken voice, “Anything I try to do right, I shatter.”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Uh, okay. What, you got worried about me flying on my own or something?” His lips twitched.
“Spin round,” he whispered in Cas’ ear. Cas stopped stock still, confused, and Dean laughed. Then he put one hand at the angel’s shoulder, and held the other in his own while he guided Cas in a spiral. Cas blinked, and nodded. They moved across the room slowly, before Dean said it again. Cas spun a little too fast, and as Dean moved to catch him, they ended up tangled in what resembled an old movie kiss scene. Cas was on the verge of falling backwards, but Dean had him in his arms. Dean smiled and leaned in for a kiss. Cas arched up against him, and they kissed until Dean’s arms trembled from holding them together. He pulled Cas up again, and found the angel blinking in surprise.
With his other hand, he braces underneath Cas’ shoulder, so he can’t get away. Then with a deft flick of his angel blade out of his sleeve, he cuts a quick slit across Cas’ throat. Cas’ eyes go wide, and he twists, but Dean catches him, holds him to his body. Dean bends to Cas’ throat and swallows his grace into his mouth in one long pull before turning to breathe it out like so much smoke, marbling the stretches of the Empty. Cas is panting; Cas is afraid.
“I wanted you to know what it felt like,” Cas confessed. “That was probably selfish. But I…” his mouth curled into a small smile. “I wouldn’t change it. Anyway, I began to wonder if my motivation for putting myself before the angels before was wrong, but if perhaps the action itself was the right one.”
Before he hears Jack, he hears Cas. He peels himself up off the floor, obsidian ooze sliding off his pantlegs.
"Here. Wear my jacket." Dean pulled his old brown leather jacket off, keeping one hand on the steering wheel. They'd ended up on a twisting mountain road, and it seemed like if they went any higher they might go into the sky.
“Take your shirt off,” Dean said, grabbing the dental floss and sewing needle. When he turned back, Cas hadn’t moved. He squinted. “What, you just gonna stand there and bleed out? Take your damn shirt off.”
Castiel had his head back out the window again, looking up at the stars. Dean felt oddly naked without his jacket, but hey, he like that Cas was wearing it. Just cause every guy needed to have worn a leather jacket at least once. He supposed it did look good on Cas, hanging a little big off his shoulders, but that wasn't the point.
"Yes, Cas," Dean muttered against the angel's jaw. He was uncomfortably rock hard now, and grinded up, making Cas chuckle.
Cas panted for a moment, letting Dean’s words catch up to him. Finally, he pushed himself up, arms shaking with the effort. His member was swollen and rock hard and looked so goddamn painful Dean almost felt bad. Almost. “I don’t know if I can fully control myself in that state,” he said. Dean smirked a little, and Cas’ eyes narrow. “Is this to prove a point, Dean Winchester?”
the human stuff.” When Cas didn’t say anything, he whispered into Cas’ ear huskily, “I want to show you all the ways you can feel.”
“But if you gotta go… go.” Dean’s voice was quiet. “I mean, I’ve said it before, I’m a crappy role model. You oughta go find some monks or hippies or something to teach you about life.” He laughed nervously.
Dean nodded slowly. “That I do.” Falling in love with an angel kind of removed your expectations for everybody else’s relationships.
as he could get. “What I meant,” he said running his fingers over Cas’ shoulderblades and watching him close his eyes and shiver, “Is that I want to show you
Shapes and forms occasionally flickered through his mind. He wasn’t dreaming, but he was pretty sure Cas was. Black feathers fluttered at the edges of his perception, then a hand drawing a curtain closed, maybe a flash of white light. The images faded as soon as they’d started, dissolving into mist. He only wanted to reach out and touch the black feathers, run his fingers over them as if in a trance.
On the other hand, he needed girlie romantic advice, and Sam was definitely the right man for that. So, Dean held his breath and listened to Sam’s phone ring one, two, three, four, five times.
Dean’s hands tightened on the steering wheel. “Well, shit, Cas. If I knew the answer to that, we wouldn’t live off of credit card scams and whiskey.”
Cas tried. He really did. Dean could see that, even as he laughed his ass off. Cas glared at him, nursing multiple lacerations on his palms from the fishing hook. “It’s unnecessarily complicated.” Dean, though, was pretty sure Cas did it on purpose when he cast into a nearby tree. Dean had eventually tried manually straightening Cas’ shoulders, positioning his hands the right way on the rod, ignoring how the angel lookedDean sighed. “All right, go sit in one of the chairs, I’m gonna set you up.”
Cas stood for a moment, stock still with surprise, water soaking through his blue shirt. Then his eyes blazed with mock-fury and he lunged for Dean, knocking him down and into the water. Dean squeezed his eyes shut as he was bowled over and under, and they tangled together. Then Cas jerked him back up by the collar of his shirt, and he spluttered, laughing. Cas’ initial expression of concern shifted and the corners of his eyes crinkled as he smiled. Dean pretended not to even notice the clunky shutter of the Polaroid being pressed from where Sam sat on the shore. Instead, he reached out for Cas’ hand and pulled him closer, meeting him for a quick kiss. He tasted, unsurprisingly, like lake water.
Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s, his thumb playing over the knuckles. Dean shivered, and not entirely from the cold. He wanted to bury himself in Cas’ light, lingering touches.
“Cas, I’ve got something for you too, actually,” Sam said brightly. He tried to shoot Dean some meaningful glance, but Dean scrupulously avoided it. He handed Cas an irritatingly well wrapped box, enfolded in lilac tissue paper.
“Right.” There was a click and the other end of the line went dead. Dean put his phone down with a soft sigh. He laced his fingers together and thought for a few moments.
“Only when I was human. I can’t really remember. And I believe I’m actually of average stature for a man of my height, taking into consideration bone and muscle mass.”
“They’re not fall-” a leaf rudely interrupted Cas’ sentence by drifting in front of his face. His blue eyes widened almost comically, and he snatched the leaf out of the air. He studied it, turning it between his finger tips, before blowing it up and letting it settle to the ground. He grinned up at Dean, and all of a sudden the figure in the trench coat seemed human again, not some celestial being who needed love explained to them. Dean could feel it again; the breaking, inside him.
A shot of anger runs through Cas’ eyes. “In that case, you misjudged.” Then, airily, “I’ll have to take you flying sometime.”
“For years, I watched humanity. I didn’t understand it. Of course, I now think perhaps I did understand it, each and every time, but my superiors took that well into hand and removed my memories. Is Naomi in here? I’d like to have words. Anyway, I learned...you don’t need to understand something to love it. I mean, what do you think he mean when he said, ‘don’t do this?’ Do you think –”
He wrapped his arms around Cas, draping his naked body around the angel. A choked whimper escaped Cas’ tightly pressed lips as Dean thrust against the fabric of his dress pants. “Shoot,” Dean said, caressing Cas’ nipples once more.
Cas cried out, coming hard over their chests, Dean’s name on his lips. Light filled the room, but not blindingly. It was gentle, almost caressing his skin as it spilled from Cas’ eyes. Dean grinned against his neck, stroking Cas until his shouts of ecstasy were whispers of, “I love you.
He stepped forward, standing in the pool of light by the window. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a flicker of Cas’ trench coat. He spun around, grabbing at the air and catching the fabric between two fingers.
“What?” It was then that Dean realized Cas was perfectly dry, albeit with his shirt half unbuttoned.
That was it. Four words, in Cas’ writing. He let out a shaky laugh, and methodically cleaned the tears from his face. That was a promise. He had to believe it.
“I didn’t bring you here to make you cry,” Cas said helplessly, eyes searching Dean’s face. “I wanted to show you our start. However bloody, and I can scarcely imagine what digging your way out of your own grave feels like - however strange our start was, it led to something…” Cas hesitated. “Beautiful. That’s what I wanted to show you. That’s all.”
“So what was it? Why you needed me?” Cas’ voice is a thin, precarious thing, unbefitting for an angel.
Cas thought for a moment, trying to form his words. “I’m an Angel of the Lord. Or at least I was. I’ve died a few times; you’ve been to hell. Dean, we’re soldiers.” Dean clenched his jaw. “And you’re being so...” Cas’ lips stayed in an ‘o’ shape for a few moments before he finished, “gentle.”
Cas cried out, Dean’s name on his lips. Dean nearly screamed as the angel came inside him, fucking him so hard it hurt, hot wet cum inside him.
a little on his heels? His brother might tower over him, but just then, he looked like a little kid.
“Yeah, well, you spend your whole life not crying, and it has a funny way of coming around when you least expect it,” Dean said, his face screwed up. “It’s OK. Trust me when I say it’s OK.” He didn’t bother to wipe away his tears. This was something they had shared, from the beginning of Cas’ time at the bunker. It was all right for them to see each other cry. It was all right to sit shoulder to shoulder and let the tears flow. That, he supposed, was a different beginning of theirs. “In fact,” he said, thinking of where they were now, “It’s good.” Cas’ face melted into a kind of understanding, and he cupped Dean’s cheek before kissing him deeply.
It took me a few moments to realize he was saying something. "Sammy... Sammy said yes, Cas. Devil's riding his bones," he managed with a stuttering laugh. I closed my eyes. "I was meant to protect him. Dad always said to." His words were broken, choppy, and I wished more than anything that he would stop talking. "I fucked up. Fucked up bad, Cas."
and took off his t-shirt. He briefly wished he’d brought swimming trunks, but kicked off his shoes and decided his shorts would do fine.
Dean privately thought Claire was too caught up in her haughty world of being a teenager to be concerned about talking to Cas, but he was more concerned with how immediately shifty Cas was acting. Cas was a terrible liar. When he wasn’t planning world domination and massive betrayals. He winced slightly, glad that they were very much past that now. “Come on, you’ve been wanting to go out all morning,” Dean said.
Dean blinked his eyes open. The room was blurry. He pulled the blanket which had slipped down to his waist during the night up to his neck and sighed. They’d driven back to the bunker in a dry run. Dean wanted them to be home. His lips twitched involuntarily as he remembered their kiss in the Grand Canyon. It hadn’t been like their first kiss, explorative and sweet. They’d both known what they wanted this time. He supposed it should’ve been obvious that kissing Cas wouldn’t be like kissing women, but it hadn’t really occurred to him. He’d yanked Dean closer to him by the lapels of his leather jacket until their bodies crashed together. Dean ran a hand over his chin, wincing at where Cas’ stubble had grazed against his chin. He smiled, running his fingers over his lips. Cas kissed like an animal fighting for air, sometimes growling in the back of his throat when their tongues met.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice came softly from behind him, but with an edge to it. Dean dimly realized that Cas never said anything else during sex. He moaned, but he never swore or said anything. Just Dean’s name.
But I am! I have my debut novel coming out with an indie press this fall: it’s an LGBTQ+ coming-of-age romance story, complete with philosophical musings, angst, and ambiguously requited love.
And Cas was already waiting outside for him, flopped down on the dark green lawn and ignoring the perfectly good chairs. Dean rolled his eyes, trying to pretend the sight of Cas in his light blue button up and dark jeans, looking unusually relaxed on the grass, eyes sparkling, didn’t send flutters through his stomach. It didn’t work, and so he knelt by Cas, handing him the tequila.
Cas sat down with them after he was done cooking, looking ridiculously pleased with himself. Of course, this was Cas, so really he was just wearing a slight smirk, but still. Dean could tell. Dean said into the silence, “So, no more playing hide-n-seek with Eileen then?” All right, maybe his gift of the wedding ring had been a little preemptive. But then, he supposed, it’d been more about the statement than any real expectation.
Cas sat cross-legged on the floor, and Dean knelt by him. “This is where I’m going to put them,” Cas said, running a hand over the smooth mahogany wood of the box lid. “The letters,” he added in explanation, looking up at Dean.
He shook his head, as if to get rid of the tears, but they were soon replaced. "I really need you," he whispered, "To open your eyes." He felt everything slipping away from him as he said it, his forehead coming to rest on Cas' shoulder. He was begging, holding up his last piece of faith and crying to the wind,
“Of course,” Dean says, a line appearing between his eyebrows. “What, you don’t remember or something?”
When the chair was finished and had been installed in what had become Cas' room, Cas was ready to talk. He sat down in his chair experimentally, laid his hand on the armrest, and nodded his approval. Dean took a deep breath and stared down at his shoes, which did not prepare him for what came next.
Jesus. He shoved the Bad Company cassette in, and his fingers trembled as he fast-forwarded blindly, hoping for something that would ease his mind, something with minimal lyrics and a catchy guitar lick –
All at once, Dean closes the distance between them, and smashes their lips together, desperate, hard. Cas pulls away, leaving maybe two inches between them. Dean's chest heaves with the breath that was so reticent to come before. Jesus. He feels horrible now, like everything he wanted is exposed and he's exposed and he was wrong about what he thought Cas wanted. He almost pulls completely away and runs for the hills, but Cas hand comes around his wrist, holding him there.
to… it’s that we deserve this. We have been bruised, bloodied, killed and broken more times than I can count. And we’ve fought for this,” Cas said in a low voice, leaning down so Dean could feel his breath on his cheeks. “We deserve to feel good, Dean.”
This was the rule that Castiel had decided, the new wall between them, now that he had smashed through the old one (Don’t go to him.  Don’t see him.  Ignore him.  Ignore his
Castiel shivers.  Dean is strong.  He can face the storm and the boiling sea, and not be destroyed.  He can ride the waves and the winds, and revel in his mastery.  Castiel can see it in his eyes.  His hands twitch again at his sides.  He wants that, with Dean.  So much.  So, so much.
He crawls between Castiel’s legs.  “Gonna get all the tastes of you, angel.  Do you know what you taste like, inside?” He rubs a finger against Castiel, over his hole.  “You’re still sweet there, precious, don’t think you’re not. But like chocolate, instead of cotton candy.”
She closes her eyes, and starts to wave her body back and forth like the snake.  Her lips look very red, all of a sudden, and she hums.  “Mmmmmmmm.”  She hands over the bundle without opening her eyes, and melts away, back down onto her couch, still humming, “mmmmmmmm.”
He dreams that he is hot with fever, and Castiel presses chips of ice to his forehead and cool towels to the back of his neck, scented like eucalyptus.  He dreams that his brain is fogged up, too hot, and nothing makes sense, nothing is real but the feeling of his back resting against Castiel’s chest and the sound of Castiel’s voice saying, “Shhhh, Dean, it’s ok.  I’m here.”
He pulls back the curtain that hangs over the entrance, and sees that Sekhmet’s back is turned, to the door, to him.  She dwells in the Pit, but she is not afraid of what may come to her door.  He shuffles forward, making just a little too much noise, stepping just a little too unsmoothly.  He doubts she is fooled by this ruse.  It is simple, childish.  And she has seen
His landing in the dark corner of Dean's room is unsteady; water glasses rattle on nightstands as he alights.  He throws a heavy blanket of grace on Lisa, immediately, and keeps her deep, deep, asleep, but Dean is already awake.  Dean is already staring at him with angry eyes, head rested on hands laced behind his neck.  Like he expected this.  Somehow.  Like somehow he knew that Castiel would come to him, stumbling, broken.
“Bye, Cas,” Sam says, though he is already turning to open Cain’s journal, and he doesn't notice that Castiel is already gone.
Castiel looks on them with narrowed eyes.  These will do.  They only have to make noise, crash through the bunker like elephants, break things, take up space.  They only have to provide a distraction.  They don’t have to be wise or strong or ancient or influential in the Pit.  They only have to be cannon fodder, for Sam Winchester to fight, and destroy, so his attention is not turned to Castiel, to Dean’s escape.  Castiel’s needs for this gambit ask little enough of his instruments; they can be met by the arrogant and the stupid.  His needs only require bodies, to be met with Sam's horn handled knife.  Bodies to form a wall of rotten flesh between Sam and Castiel’s escape route.
Sam blinks his head back.  “What do you mean?  He was, Dean, he wrote my Name on his arm right in front of me.  I watched him do it.  He showed it to me, and asked me if it was right.”
But the moment his back is turned, before he even takes a step, he hears little knocks that sound like-- suckers on glass.  A whole bunch of them.  He smiles, he feels a smile on his face, and he turns back around.
His voice is not only a voice.  It is a wave of air and heat and light.  It is pressure on Dean’s body and tingling on his skin.  It is thunder in the sky, and the anticipation of thunder.  The lightbulbs in the cabin are all already broken and now the wind howls through the grass outside, and the panes of glass in the windows rattle in their frames.
“But we summoned… and you…”. Leader looks like he would be flat on his back by now, if the others weren't holding him up.  “Your
Dean rests his sword against the altar, and holds Castiel’s hands under his own, just as he is doing in their bed, in the Pit, as they lay there, staring at each other, feeling this dream.  “I remember, Cas.”
“Give me some of your come, first, Master?” Castiel begs, and grinds down again.  “Please?” Dean almost does, almost comes there, hot and damp in Castiel’s hand. He almost shoves Castiel to the ground and bites into the meat of his shoulder until it bleeds.
On Tumblr, I am brainheartpizza (https://www.tumblr.com/blog/brainheartpizza). I post unedited excerpts between AO3 updates!
“Can you take us back there?” Dean finds himself asking.  “Can you take us back to the field?” Maybe if they can go back there, they can go back to what they felt, there.  Maybe they can get it right.  Maybe they can undo what was done mistakenly.  Castiel can be the sun god, again, not this angel broken and stained on the bedroom floor.  Dean can see him again in the light, and touch him slowly and more carefully, more carefully even than before, and ask, every time, “Is this OK, Cas?  Does this feel good, Castiel, angel?”
that will prevent Sam from hurting him, not overbearing vigilance on his part.  If Sam wants to hurt him, Sam will find a way.  He has to believe that Sam doesn’t
Dean's longing didn’t lessen, no matter how many times Castiel told himself it would.  It called out to Castiel’s heart and Castiel’s heart called back and Castiel didn’t
“Dean,” Castiel replies, and mouths at his clavicle,  eyes still slitted, his fingers light on Dean's arms.  “Please,” he says again.
“I just.  You just.  I just left you here, like this, and now you’re… you're like... like you…God.”  Dean sinks down next to Cas on the bed, and hangs his head.
They sit in silence, listening to the rush of water over the cliff’s edge.  Their hands are clasped together loosely, fingers intertwined.  Castiel's body is held warm and close to Dean by a shadowy, shimmering, wing that gleams gold when it catches the sun.  His head rests lightly on Dean's shoulder.  When the sun starts to set behind the cliffs, it casts a shadow over the treetops in the valley below, darkening their hue.  Dean pulls Castiel closer, wraps him with his wing a little heavier, to keep him from catching chill in the fading warmth.
“Hey, Brother,” Benny greets him, eyes taking in the half-octopus on Dean’s shoulder with easy acceptance, no surprise or shock or even any modulation of his open, wecloming, face at all.  “Long time no see.”
if he wants to talk to you, I will put him on speaker and you can have your say.  Got it?”  Dean nods.  Whatever.  He needs to talk to Cas.  He’d agree to wear a Santa hat and stand on one foot while he called, if that was what Sam wanted.
To Crowley's monologue he only replies “I had no idea your feelings were so delicate, serpent,” in clipped, disinterested, tones.
Before Dean's hand even lands, the ground in his cell splits open.  He pulls back, in surprise, leaving his demons unsummoned.
But then he receives a reply.  From under Dean’s blanket, just barely slipped out between Dean’s mouth and the couch cushions.  “Leave,” a wretched plea. “Just leave me alone.”
Castiel smells like vodka, and an unwashed body, when he returns.  He’s let his stubble grow out dark, and his hair is wild from running his fingers through it; pulling on it.  There are heavy circles under his eyes.  His coat is stained with alcohol, with ketchup Gabriel squeezed on him to try to get a reaction out of him, with blotches on the cuffs where he wiped tears, warm and salty, from his eyes.  So many tears.
He holds his arm out to Sam.  “Correct?”  He asks more confidently than he feels.  “No tricks?  No obfuscations?”  And he offers Sam the marker, tail end first.  Sam studies the drawing carefully, and Castiel holds his breath.  He's not sure what he hopes, in this moment; time is moving by too fast for him to think.  Better for Sam to notice some detail amiss, and suspect trickery where none was meant?  Or better for Cas to be mysteriously immune to magic that could have bound him even when he was an angel?   Neither trickery nor mystery have been his friends, on Earth.
He adjusted his hard hat tighter on his head, though he already had a headache, and he went back to work.  Subdued and silent, for the rest of the day, not answering the jokes and requests of his crew members with more than a nod until they left him to his melancholy and the air horn sounded again for the end of the shift.
He thought that maybe he was longing, too.  For Dean. His heart ached, sweetly.  All the time, but especially when he thought of Dean.  And whatever it was that he felt but could not identify, its intensity multiplied when he felt Dean’s longing calling back to him.  Dean's longing amplifying the nameless ache that he felt, too.  Longing calling to longing, he thought it could be, maybe.  Though he didn't know, for sure.  He didn’t even know how to know.
He dreams that he is tired, and Castiel lays him down to rest on a soft cloud and kisses his brow and strokes his hair and hums to him with his rough, rumbling voice until he falls asleep.
Castiel doesn’t have the power of Heaven anymore, ancient and infinite and holy and fearsome.  But he has his hands, and his lips, and these are what he uses to save Dean, now.  And he does save him.  He always will.  Every time.  Forever.
“Yeah, I know.  He did.  I saw it too.  But it did jack-all.  Because of me.  Or his tattoo.  Or the promise.  Or some combination of all of those, we’re not really sure.  But you didn’t compel him.  Everything he told you, he told you because he wanted to.”
“Eschates?  What?  Hatched?”  Sam has killed a lot of demons in his day, and he usually doesn’t stop and ask them their names first.  He didn’t realize Castiel was keeping track.  Of his kills, at least; he wouldn't be surprised if he had a whole scrapbook of Dean's.
“Cas,” Dean screams, hands flying up to thread into his own hair, eyes shut tight, lost, hopeless, speared on the end of Cas’ thick cock.  He pushes his body back against Castiel, who holds him steady as a sea wall, and circles in again, harder, deeper, dirtier.  “Oh Jesus, Cas.”
“Most of the time, you were like thunder and lightning.  Like-- you remember when we met, Cas?  You remember the sparks, and the fire?  You remember the glass breaking?”
Castiel runs his fingers over the leather on Dean's chest.  Dean can feel the pressure, but only distantly.  Castiel leans in close, as close as he can get without touching.  “Will you hurry back to me?  Time passes so fast, here.”  He asks this quietly.
Castiel, in his turkey pot, slapping at the water with his tentacles and doing somersaults that roll around and around under the surface.  Dean watches him through a cracked eye, trying to not to let on that he is awake, trying just to watch that selfless joy as Castiel flips and zips back and forth in the water with quick swirls of his tentacles.
“You are putting all of Hell at risk.  You are inviting open war with Heaven for the first time since the Creation.  You are doing this to service your cringeworthy savior complex and to get into Feathers’ pants when-- newsflash, he’s in to you already.  You.  Will.  Stop.”
Dean tries not to move too much, to see if he can stare at Castiel for awhile before Castiel realizes he’s awake.
It went on like that.  Dean would get assignments and he would kill idiots who made stupid deals, and
Sam splashes the holy water at Dean, and Dean reels back with smoking skin.  “‘The fuck?!” He chokes, as he stumbles backwards onto the floor of the dungeon.  This is actually the first time anyone has poured holy water on him since he’s taken the Mark.  It stings like a bitch.
A cold light overhead turns on automatically as they enter.  The floor also lights up.  Like the throne room, the floor of Castiel’s cache is black marble and inset with figures of power.  But where the throne room pulses red and putrid yellow, Castiel’s cache pulses with the uncanny blue of his grace, the gold and green of Dean's eyes.  It's a beautiful mixture.  It is still hot, inside, though.  Hot as the furnace where they disposed of Oraxes.  It is still Hell.  Sharp, and glimmering, and unforgiving.  The light seems like it casts too many shadows.
She doesn't wait for him to answer.  “Smith-blades are nice.  You were right, to get him one of those.  It is good enough, for him.  Very little would be.”  She rights herself at this, and turns to put her feet on the ground.  Her snake is all of a sudden on her shoulder, coiled around her neck, though Dean is sure that she didn’t move it there.
Dean is dreaming of Castiel’s mouth.  It has been all over him, finding every secret and delicate place and kissing there; it has bitten his shoulder so hard that he has cried out, and bruised, and bled.  But when he dreams about it, like now, he dreams about it like it was that first time:  soft and warm and pliant, opening for him and welcoming him and pressing against him so sweet; when Castiel’s eyes shone and he could not look away.  “Cas,” he whispers in his dream.  “Castiel.”  Castiel is naked against him, warm, and his mouth is open and slick.  Castiel’s arms wind around his back, and his mouth finds Dean’s neck and sucks there, hot and wet.  His eyes are slits.  His hands slide up and down Dean’s back, and he twists a leg around Dean’s.  Dean holds him tight.  “Cas,” he repeats, and mouths at the knob of Castiel’s shoulder.
"Safe... From me? Cas, I'm trying to help you. I just want to help. I can help you. I've been reading a lot about Fallen angels, and I think I can..."
The throne room is large, and full of demons, and each of them sees Castiel’s slow march and makes a decision, some cowardly or wise, some brave, or foolish.  The most brazen of the foolish is Hydra.  There he stands, one foot audaciously rested on the dias that raises Dean's throne above the floor of the chamber.  That foot, scaled and rotten, and signing his death warrant.  Staking claim to what only belongs to Dean.  Calling Castiel's attention to him.  Hydra is already dead.  Twice dead, counting Castiel's first, accidental, obliteration.  Twice dead, and he doesn't even know it.
Dean answers, anyway.  “You know that I’m a demon, you’ve seen me poof in and out of here like it ain’t nothing to appear out of the middle of nowhere.  You’ve seen my black eyes, you know I’ve still got the Mark, you’ve burned me with holy water, yourself.  But you know that the devil’s trap doesn’t hold me.  You know that I can’t be exorcised.  You know that I didn’t just kill you for pulling that shit on Cas.  What do you think?  What he said, that sound about right?”
Three days, and three nights, until Castiel came again.  Spiraled down out of the sky like the sun god coming to claim his tribute:  the bravest, most beautiful, the brightest and purest of his worshippers.  Light glinting off his halo and off the gold banded around his body in bright, sharp, flashes.  Soaring on the air currents, wings spread wide.  Strong, and sure. But always downward, downward.  To Dean.
Castiel cried out, when his shoulder blades brushed against Dean’s body.  “It hurts, Dean.  My wings.  They’re slicing them away.  It hurts.  Everywhere, now, forever, my wings, they're taking them, IT HURTS, Dean, Dean.”
“No.” Castiel squeezes Dean's hand in his own and takes Dean's face in his other, to hold his gaze, hold it tight with sapphire eyes.  He speaks slowly and certainly, each word precise and confident, completely serious, completely deadpan, though Dean was playful.  “I want your Name tattooed on my neck in blood, because I want everyone that sees me to know that I belong to you, forever.  I want to cut out the eyes of anyone that looks at you, because you are only for me.  I want to HURT anyone that hurts you. I want to feel everything you feel.  I want our souls to be so entwined, so mixed up in each other, so tightly bound, that they are no longer two, but one.  I want that FOREVER, Dean.  That's what I want. That's the only way it could ever be enough.  Enough of you.  It still might not be.  Even after forever.”
“Serpent.”  He tries, as best he can, to use the voice of an Angel of the Lord, a seraph ancient beyond ancient that can and will burn the eyes right out of Crowley's face for no other reason than that it is his duty, that Crowley is an abomination unto the Lord and can not be suffered to exist.  This voice, instead of the desperate voice of one of the Fallen who is trapped, outnumbered, and afraid.  Because Crowley will not help him for free, no matter what, but if he gets a whiff of that desperation, the price will be enormous.  And Crowley is perceptive.  Deadly perceptive.
The Master was terrified.  The angel was hurt.  Scylla laughed a single bark of laughter, and disappeared from the throne room with another snap of his fingers.  He didn’t want to end up as a head spiked on a throne.  He didn’t need to see the Master vanish from the throne and appear at Basilisk’s neck, First Blade in hand, and cut across Basilisk’s eyes, where he was soft, into his brain, softer, and kill him.  He had terrified the Master.  He had hurt the angel.  That was enough.
Castiel is not glad, to be the bearer of these tidings, or that he has to bear them now.  But he is a faithful servant, and he has a mission, and for a long time that has meant a lot to him.
The current answer is Sam.  Sam, pacing agitatedly in a small circle around his cell, flannel pushed up to his elbows, hair held back behind his ears.  His face is pale and his eyes are dark hollows.  It doesn't look like he has slept.
Dean is already wet, and slick, and sloppy, but he is not ready to take Castiel yet.  Not by far.  So Castiel removes his right hand from Dean’s hip, and reaches back into his wings for more slickness, better than his saliva, thicker, and fragrant with his own scent.
Now Dean is lying in the Garden again.  The racks are gone, the dark is gone, the screams are gone.  The flickering shadows, gone.  Here, the grass is soft under his back, and tickles his neck where it is bare.  Flowers have grown in around his place on the ground, since last he was here, indigo shaded forget-me-nots, and they lean heavy-petaled over him, brushing his chest and casting long-fingered shadows.  Their scent is light and floral and surrounds him in a delicate cloud.
Dean’s eyes snap back to center.  ”Yeah, about that, Sammy.”  He takes a deep breath.  Too much shit has gone down because he and Sam have lied to each other.  He is trying to move them forward, here, stop repeating the same old dance.  He has this image, in his head, of himself and Sam and Cas, drinking beer, eating pizza, being happy.  Maybe they’re eating and drinking in Hell, if there’s a dog under the table, begging for scraps of pepperoni, maybe it has three heads and speaks Latin, but they’re together, and they’re safe.  That’s what Dean wants.  It’s kind of golden, this image, around the edges.  He wants to make it happen, he
“Y… Y… Yes, Master,” and the demon stumbles forward, almost trips the emerald into Dean’s hand, falls backwards, scuttles away from the throne on feet and ass and elbows, pauses there, waiting for its gift to be evaluated, waiting to be dismissed.
“He will kill you quickly,” Castiel corrects.  Naga's snakes coil down small and scared against his scalp.
And why, Dean wonders now, why did Cas walk him all the way out here?  Really, for five blackberries? And why did Dean comply? He should have known that no one would do this for him, so he could eat though afraid of poison.  He should have
assignments.  He let himself be sent out like a murderous dog.  His first mark was the mayor of some shit town in Vermont.  Asshole sold his soul to be mayor of a town of less than 10,000 people that no one has ever heard of.  Dean was not impressed, but he understood why this was “delicate.”  Hellhounds tear the throat out of the mayor of a town, even if it is tiny and anonymous, and people are going to ask questions.  That’s the kind of shit that brings the hunters in, ends up with dead demons.  Dean cut the idiot’s throat and threw his corpse in the river.  Went back to his office and used his municipal computer to set up a clumsy, obvious, very criminal trail of credit card fraud.  Missing mayors who have been defrauding the city raise a lot of questions too, but not the same kind that are raised when a body looks like it has been mangled by a phantom, 200 lb dog.
Castiel realizes he is growling, in Dean’s palm.  His dick is hard, against Dean’s thigh.  He knows Dean can feel it, and he grinds his hips down into it, just a little, just an inch.
--and it feels so good, but Castiel wants to make it good for Dean too.  On his next rock forward, he rises up to his knees, and pulls his angel’s garment off over his head.  He pauses there, for a moment, looming over Dean, naked, eyes hungry, flashing.
“Dean,” he shouts, when he notices Dean's appearance, and rushes to stand before him, breaking Dean's thrall.  “What the hell, man?  Are you OK?  What the hell?” He holds Dean at arm's length, examining him for wounds, trying to decide if he is angry or worried, now.  He finds no damage:  Dean is whole and unharmed,  his skin clear, his face flushed, his hair mussed by Castiel's eager hands.  The Mark has healed Dean's body, and Castiel's love has healed the rest.  He seems to be in even better condition than sleepless, worried, Sam, though Dean was just stabbed and Sam has only been pacing in his cell.
He raises their joined hands to his lips and kisses Castiel's knuckles, softly.  “Cas… I… I.  Thank you.” He presses another kiss to Castiel's forehead,  “I'll fix it up for you, promise.” He will.  He will turn a new armor stand on the lathe himself.  He will travel to Earth, search places that have never been searched, to find a new knife, one sharp and beautiful and precious as Castiel.  He will hang it proudly on the wall, where it will shine.  He will summon greedy Balaam from his palace in Hell and order him to lay Castiel's name down, in gold, wide and proud on the floor.
And Dean's eyes, heavy lidded, closing, closed.  Trusting Castiel to touch him.  Trusting Castiel under his wicked, iron, guard.  Castiel swallows, thickly, and he feels his cock harden in a slow rush.
“Yes,” Castiel replies immediately, the word a sob, broken in half.  His cries spasming through him.
“Demon.  Why do you approach us?”  In Castiel’s voice is the hint that there is no possible reason Oraxes could give that would be adequate for interrupting his walk through the throne room with Sam.
That’s when he sees the red splotch on Castiel’s forearm.  He pauses.  “What happened to your arm, Cas?”  He grabs at it with his other hand, and focuses his power to start healing it, but nothing happens; this splotch is not an injury, apparently.  He sits up, more alert now, the dream fading into a pink cloud behind him.  He feels it go and it makes him feel hollow inside.  It hurts so much to lose that, right now, when he is open, and vulnerable.  He thinks he might cry, but his voice is dangerous when he says again, “What happened to your arm, Cas?”
He considers, as it sings, as the last drops seep from the cut on his wrist.  What is he?  What has he become?
Sam looks like he is trying to actually believe this, mentally rotating it this way and that to see if it seems sound, to see if there is an angle he can cope with.
This fic originally appeared as chapters 14 and 15 of Burn and Fall Again, a longer fic in which Dean is taken by the Mark of Cain and Castiel has fallen to stay with him in Hell.
They both groan now, together, one deep, lusty sound, and Castiel grinds down hard and slow against Dean.  His pace is immortal, and powerful-- they have time, they can last forever.  They can hold on to each other so tight that they bruise and break and heal and break again.  They can fuck like mountains.  Hard, slow, like ages.
Especially in the nights.  In the dark.  In his cool bed.  Comfortable.  Clean sheets, soft and new.  Safe.
“You still floating?”  Dean asks, his voice breathless.  “Or are you here with me?”  He ruffles Castiel's hair, and he sounds like he might be sad, so sad, if Castiel is not right there with him.  He sounds like his heart might break.
Castiel told himself this.  He told himself this over, and over.  At first, he didn't even know it was a lie.
It is several hours on Earth until Dean lies in bed again, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep, and offers up his third prayer, but that is hardly any time at all, for angels in Heaven.  Gabriel paces.  Balthazar drinks, slowly.  Castiel drinks, faster, desperately.  The bartender stands mute behind the counter, watching them all.
Still, Castiel’s god-eyes hover stationary in front of him.  They blink once, lids made of stars, lashes long and dark and made out of shadow and bright jewels.
He doesn't respond to Gabriel’s absurd story telling, and Balthazar makes only absolutely the most perfunctory polite noises.  So, when the C.S. Lewis story is over, Gabriel doesn't start another one, instead staring down into his drink wordlessly and stirring the ice around with a tiny pink plastic stick loaded with Maraschino cherries, until the vinyl records on the juke box turn over and go quiet with empty clicks.
And then he disappears again, leaving Castiel alone in a library row that stretches on forever in either direction, “How?” formed but not spoken on his lips.  And normally Castiel loves the library, loves how it is quiet and calm, but now it seems sad.  It seems so empty.  The rows go on forever, but there is nothing in them.  Certainly not green eyes.  Certainly not freckles.
Castiel does not spiral down out of the sky tonight.  Lightning cracks at Dean’s feet again, and sparks shower over him, and it is so bright that he has to throw his free arm over his eyes.
Dean sees the tears and he sees that Cas’ face is crumpled and that is body is shaking now.  He rushes over to the bed and sits down next to Castiel.  He puts one hand on his shoulder.  “Cas, no” his voice breaks, “Cas don’t cry.  Don’t cry because of me.  I’m not worth it.”
“I'm so sorry, angel.  I promised you ‘Always’ and then I… I'm so sorry.” Dean's voice is broken now, and cracked.  He couldn't even stay.  Just stay, with Castiel, when he swore, he
“But I couldn't.  I don't deserve.  Didn't wanna mess you up.  I hurt you, I heard that in your prayers, and I didn't wanna… Didn't want to hurt you more.”
Gary answers immediately, this time.  Eager to please.  “The blood ritual, Lord.  The ritual that binds.”
A beat of silence passed, and it seemed to Dean that Castiel wanted to say more, but he remained silent.  Dean closed his eyes, and relaxed back onto his laced hands, as he had done in previous nights, chewing the stem of the daffodil and tasting its sweet and bitter liquid.
When Castiel returns to Sam’s cell with the re-packed duffel, Sam is laying back on his shelf with his hands laced behind his head, just like Castiel imagined he might be.  Though more innocent, than in Castiel’s imagination.  His eyes are closed but he is clearly awake, his fingers tapping against the back of his head, deep in thought.  Castiel drops the duffel on the floor.
Castiel holds Dean against his chest, and they breathe together, and their hearts beat together, in the silence, and it is
Castiel smiles ruefully at him.  “Of course,” he says.  “Brother of light.”  He manifests a red sharpie in his right hand and takes the cap off in his mouth.
A shiver of.. Relief, that this was not so, that Dean did not ask, breaks down Castiel's spinal cord.  “Yes.  If you asked.”
Dean’s face is so beautiful when it is wet.  Like it is wearing a mask of crystal, shining and smooth and unmarred.  Water dripping from his lashes, his lips, little diamonds.  So tempting, for Castiel to kiss them, tongue the drops into his mouth and taste them.  So beautiful, his king.
“That’s not her fault; every time I see her I am also sizing her up, trying to figure out if I could best
the Pit, not Hell’s best and brightest, I'm afraid.  A tad brutish, much too crude for my tastes.  Our boy surpasses them in every way.”
He could heal Sam, but he doesn't.  He's sorry that he punched him, came in all demon, eyes blazing.  But he's not that sorry.
.  That that is the rule of this dream. Castiel is with him, but not all with him.  Not enough to talk.  Only see, and touch.
He doesn't get the chance to ask.  Castiel is all business, now.  “I will begin immediately.”  He spins the needle in his hands, easily, and presses the tip to the center of Dean’s sternum.  “You will be mine.  Now.”
“He is screaming,” Castiel finishes, refraining from providing other details.  “And I told him that, if he wants to be released from his punishment when I return, he will, first, swear complete and eternal dominion over his soul to you, and, second, answer any question I ask.”
.  He turns back towards the door, and grits his teeth.  He is not here for a kill.  He’s here for Cas.  He thinks about Cas’ smile, the first smile he’s seen on Cas’ face since the Fall.  Cas is waiting at home, there, for him, warm and soft.  He has to take care of Cas.  He doesn’t want to come back to him covered in blood.
This is a great privilege.  He feels it. This is a sacrament.  He will be dutiful.  He will be sincere.  He will work hard, to be worthy of this privilege.  His worship will be thoughtful, and disciplined, when his hands find Dean's body.
“Beautiful,” Castiel whispers, “my hero.  There he is,” his voice is almost silent by the end, but his meaning is carried in his eyes, in his hands, in his blood on Dean’s skin.  By his Name.  By his Name Dean sees himself, Castiel’s hero, in armor, gleaming, a ray of light catching his hair, his eyes flashing gold.  In his hands is a sword, and he holds it in silver gauntlets.  But on their knuckles, risen in gold, seven letters.
The Mark was singing within him, filling him with strength and clarity and elated confidence.  This was great, it felt so good just not to
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel whispered, his voice trembling too.  “I will make you a crown and I will place it on your head and then I will kiss your lips.”
Crowley had sent him out for that collection.  Independent from how it made the Mark feel, independent from it taking away his hurt, he was
, “He’s MINE,” before the lightning crawling over the surface of his face erupted and he turned to ash.
Castiel has been in this bathtub himself, when his mind was running in circles and he couldn’t get it to stop.  He knows that this is a good place.  This is a safe place.  And Dean is not alone, like Castiel was.  Dean has Castiel right there, sitting on the floor and holding his hand.  Dean has Castiel.  Forever.
He kneels by Sam's bed, and, upending the bag over the comforter, he empties it, and all its pockets, completely.  He searches for secret pockets and finds only one, and divests it of the small knife and phial of salt inside.  He makes two piles out of the contents of the bag:  one pile of clothes, socks, underwear, things that can go back inside.  Most of these are some variety of plaid, he notices, with a slight smile.  The second pile is of weapons, books, arcana, that have to be left behind.  Most of
Now Cas pauses.  Thinking about how to explain.  “One of the Egyptian… deities gave it to me.  After the plague of locusts.”
Dean is crying already.  It hasn't even started, really, and Dean is crying, and screaming, and begging already.
Hydra drops his blind gaze to the ground.  He's crying when he speaks, voice cracking around the swollen sounds of his broken tongue.  “We do not harm the Master.  We do not touch him.”  He says it so quietly, but everyone in the room hears, over the silence of held breaths and stillness.
Cas pulls Dean close to him with one hand and strokes his hair with the other.  He doesn't know why, though he will find out.  “I don't know why, Dean.” Dean clutches him tighter.  Castiel’s heart aches, again.  He will make it OK.  He will.
Dean slumps with relief, and feels like a jerk for dislodging his pet so rudely.  It had just moved to his chest.  It was probably listening to his heartbeat, or sniffing his shirt, or keeping a lookout while he finished his nap.
Raphael took longer than Dean thought it would.  Archangelic sonofabitch.  It wasn’t hard for Dean to get him, but it wasn’t easy, either.  He was fast.  He was strong.  Not as fast as Dean, though.  Not as strong.  Not as determined, not by half.  But Dean miscalculated, and Castiel was awake when he returned.  He was awake, and he was staring vacantly at Dean’s side of the bed, shivering.  He looked small, and cold.  His arms were wrapped around himself.  His arms were wrapped around himself because Dean’s arms weren’t there.  Hadn’t been there when he woke up.  Had Castiel been scared?  Had he been hurting, alone, while Dean was out bloodying himself on the chosen of Heaven?  Had he cried out for Dean, and been unanswered?  Had he been imagining the dark place, again, the dark place that made him cry and babble that Dean was gone but his eyes were there and they were cold, so cold?
“And then, if you begged, if you did for me real sweet, I might touch you then, and make you blind and deaf so that the only sensations you’d feel would be the taste of my cock, the stretch of it inside you, the weight of me on top of you.  You wouldn’t even hear yourself scream but you’d feel it burning your throat on its way out. You’d feel the tears running down your face, they way they are right now, but your screams would only be for me.”
He starts to pick up speed. “You are the one, the only one, ever, that was so beautiful, so brave, that I had to have you as mine, my own.  You were a flame, sometimes burning white hot and sometimes suffocated and guttering and sometimes wrapped in black smoke, but always burning out the darkness.  Even when you were afraid.  Even when it was impossible.  There you were, etched in gold, one man, that all the shadows feared, no matter how ancient or how deep.  The hero.”
The walk is long, but not long enough.  When Dean arrives in the cache and sees it again, sees the wreckage without Castiel there to hold him and whisper words of forgiveness, cold tears freeze in his eyes.  His vision blacks over with shame.
His dream changes, too.  Now he is lying in a field.  It is not drab and browned and dead like the field in Thrull.  It is much like the Garden.  Grass is green and sky is cloudless, and blue.  A soft breeze whispers in the grass, and Dean runs his fingers through the blades and they feel so clean.  He feels clean, too.  He doesn't feel all the blood that should be on him.  He doesn't feel the dirt, that never washes away, no matter how hard he scrubs.  His skin just feels the sun, warm and yellow and bright.  No shadows in this field, only sun, nowhere a monster could hide.  Safe, it is safe in this field, he knows.  He does not have to fear.  He likes it, here.
the Vessel from this, this is the highest of callings, the most honored.  He should find the glory of Paradise inside himself, and show it to Dean, so he can know what the End Times will bring and how exalted he will be for bringing them.
.  He doesn’t really know if it is permitted or not.  This rule, this point of minutia, of what he is and isn’t allowed and what the protocol is for every possible interaction he might have with his charge--it doesn’t matter to him. He will provide this rest for his charge-beautiful-hero.  He knows that this is right, even if it is not permitted. He can see that this, this is how the futures with the ruined Deans finally start to fade away. For the first time, since the siege, those futures are darkening. Castiel sees them disappear, with pride.  “I will turn to emerald, all around you, if you do.”
On the eve of the big day, Dean's ready to rest after all the preparations. And he ends up unexpectedly enlightened by his angel.
“You seem distracted,” Sam noted. Dean spared him an annoyed glance then centered his gaze back on the center of the dark road, the yellow line reflecting in the headlights.
But the bird still wasn’t leaving, it was just standing there with the old toy in its beak, having dodged Sam’s attempt at stealing it. Those golden eyes were staring at him again, peering at him too intently. Then the rooster took a couple of steps forward, back towards Sam, who was now just curiously watching what the thing did next. The bird leaned down towards Sam’s hand that had fallen to the seat in temporary defeat and, as gently and accurately as it was able to do, laid the army man in his palm.
“And Sam’s right,” she added with her bright smile, “Just keep taking the meds.” Emily reached out to peel the kitten off of her boyfriend and cuddle the fuzzball for a moment.
Dean’s wildest hopes were surpassed; Cas was head over heels in love with the zoo. It was a good thing he’d made sure they got there early since the angel wanted to stand and stare at each exhibit until Dean nudged him on. Just like a child, the hunter thought with affection. He used to pick on, and, okay, outright ridicule Cas’s viridity, his lack of worldliness, and Dean wished he could go back and kick his past self. What he used to be annoyed by now charmed him, the way Cas’s face shone when he saw meerkats for the first time in real life, or the wallabies that loped right up to him in the Australian walkabout section. Dean paid the extra few dollars to feed the lorikeets, and seeing Cas standing there covered in brightly colored birds while people around him looked on in awe would have been worth ten times that.
“They’re so gorgeous,” Dean gushed, knowing he’d never be able to verbally express what the sight of those wings did to him. “They’re so you, they’re so…”
“Your tail’s a little bent.” He watched as Cas twisted around to try to grab the costume piece and straighten it, the shirt riding up to reveal the tiniest strip of cream colored skin. Dean knew he was staring and he just saw Sam drawing closer out of the corner of his eye. He would have to ask his brother where the hell he had found this outfit for the angel. Seriously, leather pants?? That had no right to be hugging Cas’s ass like that as Dean fixed the kink in Cas’s tail before Sam could. His hands were trembling a little, he found, as he narrowly avoided smoothing one of them over said ass. This was going to be a long damn night.
“I don’t think alcohol is good for chickens,” he told him, pulling the glass away a little but Dean followed it, his beak messily scooping up whiskey and dripping it on Cas’s trouser leg. The angel sighed.
“Damn, you’re huge,” Dean mumbled in between licks. He knew there was no way he was going to get this whole thing in his mouth, but he’d do the best he could.
Sam opened his mouth to attempt to reply, even though he looked as if he might not know how to just yet, but the older Winchester interrupted.
It’s not as if there’s many chosen vessels, however, especially for such beings as Michael, and Cas blames it on that status at first as to why he’s drawn to Dean. What is it about him that made Father choose him? As he spends more time with Dean, the angel begins to see under the hard exterior the man has constructed to the turmoil that lies beneath.
“Let me pleasure you, Dean,” as he kissed a slow trail down Dean’s ribs, his side, his hips, and then Cas was tugging down his underwear, breath heating up his already hot skin just underneath his belly button.
They settled into each other, Cas’s left hand finding Dean’s right to lock onto tightly. His new ring pressed into the skin between Dean’s fingers, adding another layer of closeness that was new to both of them. The human was damn near overwhelmed and he had to focus on breathing for a few moments in order to attempt to speak.
Meanwhile it felt like Cas was growing impossibly bigger inside of him and he was certainly slamming into Dean harder than ever. With a low, drawn out cry of the hunter’s name, Castiel came, flooding Dean’s insides, a sensation that had Dean wishing it would never stop. Dean was wrecked, used, and it was all this damn angel’s fault.
“Do you still wish me to not look over you while you sleep?” A shadow of a chuckle escaped Dean’s throat.
“Teach me more,” Cas requested with unmistakable heat in his voice. “Let me touch you. Give me your - touch me,” he pleaded brokenly. Dean was starting to fear he’d created a monster but when he considered how horny he was, and that Cas’s hormones must be going absolutely haywire with all this being fresh to him, he could hardly blame him. Dean moved a hand to the angel’s wrist, trying to steady both of them.
“That’s what this is about? A costume? Are you sure about that?” Sam’s voice managed to be condescending and probing at the same time.
“Go to sleep, Dean,” Cas whispered tenderly, and his lips pressed a blessing of a kiss to the center of the human’s forehead. Dean slept, deeply and securely.
Though this chapter ends on a note that could wrap the story up nicely, if you're enjoying this, fear not. There's at least a few more chapters in the works. This really was a one shot that ran away with me, and I usually don't post WIP's, preferring to have something complete before sending it out into the world. But this thing doesn't know what's doing and hence neither do I!
“Dude, what the fuck?!” he got out, his heart hammering. He felt Castiel’s sigh, warm on the back of his neck, and he wasn’t sure if it relaxed his muscles an iota or made him tense up more.
Planning for the future wasn’t a Winchester’s strong suit. Sam tried desperately to hold onto an idea of something, some apple pie life out there, and Dean just scoffed at him usually. Living was for the moment, not an abstract point in the future that you might never see. So it was Dean’s philosophy to eat, drink, and make whoopie like there was no tomorrow.
Thoughts of ending up as some sort of ritual sacrifice after all jolted through Dean’s brain and he began to twist around to face Cas. Maybe if he was able to look him in the eye he could figure out a motive, or if he was possessed suddenly or something. But he was barely able to catch a glimpse of that unsettling blue before he was turned around forcibly again towards the table, both shoulders in a vise grip now and the warmth of Cas’s body too close behind him.
“Cas,” he told him, “I’m...I’m coming, man. I’m gonna come.” He partially tried to move away but Cas’s hand just moved faster, his warm mouth still engulfing the head of his cock. Well, he’d given him fair warning, there wasn’t much else he could do, and Dean shot his load down an angel’s throat. His vision a little blurry, he attempted to watch his lover’s reaction, and not surprisingly, Cas sputtered somewhat. But holy damn if he didn’t swallow most of it, giving Dean dirty fantasy material for the rest of his life.
There’s blood on Dean’s beautiful face, blood that Castiel has caused to be there, and the angel stares in horror at what he’s done. This is love? This is horrible. And the knowledge finally hits Castiel, on this dirty city street at ten o’clock on a Thursday night, with Dean injured by his hand crouched in front of him. This is love. He’d never imagined it to be this messy.
It was too much for Cas, who had unfortunately just taken a pull on his beer. He exploded in a mixture of laughter and coughing that had Dean cackling as he slapped his back. Not that choking could kill an angel, but still.
“Yeah Cas, I think a motel would be nice. One with two rooms, and doors. Very thick doors with bolts on them.”
“Yeah well, sometimes you gotta seize the opportunity. Carpe diem and all that. Besides, we’ve got this whole place to ourselves,” Dean said, gesturing widely at the road and the trees, “and you did say I needed a break.”
They clinked bottles, and for a while the quiet just settled between them. It almost felt like peace, being with Cas, not having to worry about Sam. Dean scooted closer, close enough to speak directly into Cas’s ear.
“You know Sammy, he thinks rest is over-rated. He was the same when he was a kid, always fidgeting to get somewhere. But what most people don’t realise,” and here Dean tapped his head for emphasis, “is that you do your best thinking when you aren’t thinking at all.”
“Yeah well. Maybe we should stop for a bit. My eyes are getting tired and Sammy’s already out of it so. Wouldn’t do any harm to take a break”, Dean said quietly.
“Don’t mess with that!” he warned the bird, reaching out to swat at its cascade of feathers jutting up from its behind, but stopping just short of hitting the animal. It yelled at him again, Sam didn’t know if it could rightly be called crowing or what, but it definitely had the tone of a yell, before going back to peck at what he’d found. It raised its head, the dark red comb standing up proudly, and Sam saw that sure enough it had the head of the army man clenched as tightly as it could in the narrow yellow beak.
The tattoos are on Dean's right side, and today Castiel palms Dean's left nipple with his right hand as he traces each line of ink. His left hand claws in Dean's hair, holding Dean's head back, his throat bare, so that his tongue will be able to follow every mark, all the way up Dean's neck.  His body rides against Dean's, forward and back with the tip of his tongue.  The choir that has been growing inside him chants in a minor key, rising and falling with the rhythm of their bodies.  When Dean arches against him, his teeth bite down on the tendon in Dean's neck.
The sun was setting, red and orange on the horizon, by then, and it was beautiful.  Dean wanted it to be night time so badly, but he was afraid of how sore his heart would be in the morning if he lay all night in that field alone, again.
Castiel waits and traces his fingers up and down Dean's arm, just a touch, just so Dean can't forget he is there. And he listens.
Castiel looks askance at him, and tilts his head.  His eyes narrow.  “No one has ever loved anything as much as I love Dean.  You didn’t have to ask that, Sam.”
If Dean would let him Castiel would kneel before him and wrap him entirely in plate of gold at all times, spell words of protection over him in blood, and light, that would melt blades raised against him, blind his enemies, make them weak.  Dean shakes his head, thinking about it.  Who is he, to be worth even the least of that?  He’s just Dean.
“Dick move, bro,” he chastises.  “It's gonna take Ballz hours to get back here.  He was only trying to help.”
Castiel smiles back, but only for a moment, before his expression becomes serious again and he takes Dean’s face in one hand.  “I never want to hurt you, Dean.”
“And this,” Castiel brushes his fingers over a spot over Dean's heart, just under his anti possession tattoo.  “This is the sphere of Heaven.  This means that you are favored of one, there.  One of the angels.”  He looks up from his work when he says it, but doesn't raise his gaze to Dean's eyes.  He stares at Dean's lips, instead.  “I don't know if this one will work, anymore.”
“Angel,” he whispers, as he goes limp under Castiel, as he sinks into a blackness that pulls him down.  He just needs to hear it.  Wants to hear it, before he passes out, to try to recover.  Just needs to hear it from his angel’s mouth.
I could never have written anything that fucking sad if it weren't sandwiched in between a hundred thousand+ words of these two being desperately, obsessively, earth-breaking-oath-making in love with each other forever.
Dean dreamt of the few seconds before Lucifer killed Castiel at Thrull.  The few seconds before Castiel exploded in rank carnage.  It was that few seconds, over, and over, and over again.  And the worst part for Dean, the worst for Dean each time, was not when Castiel erupted.  It was the moment before.  The moment before when he thought:
Though Castiel had no problem whatsoever leaving Sam for demon bait and even less with cutting the demon’s throat from behind while it begged him for mercy, this actually seems to make him embarrassed, and the barest hint of a blush rises to his cheeks.  “Dean makes them call me that.”  He scowls a little bit.
“It wouldn’t be as powerful as my real name but maybe… maybe it would let you feel me, a little bit, all the time.  Maybe then it wouldn’t be so cold, when we have to part.”
and his hate for Alistair flared up in his numb heart, and he hoped that Alistair would be destroyed by this radiant one.  Annihilated, and turned back into the nothing that he was before his atoms were even carbon in the dust of space.
“There there squirrel, I know.  I much prefer you this way myself, though I could do with a mite less drool.”
Castiel draws his blanket around himself tighter.  It is going to be cold, in here.  “Has it always--”
“You were like that.  Your hands were in my hair and they pulled.  You pushed me down, or back, until there was hardness behind me I couldn’t be pushed any further and your whole body was crackling against mine, sparks bursting.  And your lips were so hard on mine that I could feel your teeth through them.  You fucked my mouth with your tongue and you bit my neck until it bled and the only word you said was ’Mine.’ You were so rough that I cried out, and when I did you only kissed me rougher, shoved me harder, pulled my hair tighter, and I came before you even touched my cock.”
Sam fronts what he probably thinks is a steely poker face, and maybe it would be that, for anyone but Dean, who can see right through him.  Dean can tell, though, that Sam us considering it.
“You wearing your sweater, for me, baby?  To keep you warm?”  Later, Sam will acknowledge to himself that the moment Dean asked Castiel if he was wearing his sweater is the moment that he started to doubt his conviction that Dean was possessed or otherwise transformed by evil.  Now, he is surprised by this line of questioning-- he thought Dean might threaten Cas, or demean him-- but he tries to keep his face neutral.
Dean still wants to do better though.  So he tries to describe: “Benny cooks catfish, makes ‘em real tasty to eat.  Fill up our bellies,” and he imagines Benny handing them over grease-spotted cardboard platters of catfish and french fries, all spicy and delicious smelling.  He imagines himself eating a humongous bite, and tearing off a tiny little bite for Cas. He makes sure the bite he tears off in his imagination is very, very tiny.  And he skips the part of this whole process where Benny filets the fish and tosses it in boiling oil.
Castiel is able to soothe himself enough to go on.  “I didn’t talk to him.  I made that rule.  I thought it would protect me.  If I couldn't speak, I couldn't confess.”
He had no idea, how bad it got, after the Fall.  He knew that Lucifer was not a forgiving or generous leader, not kind or sympathetic, that he had been wrathful after the Fall.  Angry and hurt; twisted and prideful.  But, the pages Castiel turn reveal that he had treated the other Fallen like livestock, not followers, or worshippers.  His own brothers.  Lucifer had hurt and mutilated them in cruel and often pointless ways.  To try to find ways to use their grace, to make himself strong for battle, to raise himself up again, to make himself a new God, to fix the mistakes of his Father.  Castiel reads, and his nausea boils in his stomach, hot and acidic on the back of his tongue, making every swallow taste like bile, every breath burn sour.
He sighs, and pulls back his blankets and sweater to reveal Raphael’s halo, locked onto his wrist.  Time is wasting.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel's heart could break, for this man beside him.  Who could look at him, and see the demon?  He is too bright.  He shines.
at him, as hard as he can, as hard as he knows how, feels this overwhelming wave of beauty.  This protectiveness, for this unmarked, pale, perfect body.  This
Cas lets Dean keep his hand, and pets his hair with his free one, and thinks of the paintings of himself that were destroyed in Athens, in Dresden, in Milan.  He never mourned them, until now.  Was never sorry that they were lost.
Dean crumples slightly, body drawn in on itself, head bowing again.  Because he doesn't think he deserves forgiveness, Cas knows.  Because, too, he is relieved and grateful and awed at the size of Castiel's heart, because he knows Cas means it, has truly given his forgiveness.  Because he knows that, though he will never understand why, though he will never deserve it, Castiel will forgive him anything.
on Dean's lips again.  He hopes his trenchcoat hides it.  He wonders how many times Dean will have to say it, before it doesn’t make him shiver.  “No, no, that’s your name, but it’s not your
The ones that draw weapons are foolish, arrogant, too stupid or cocksure to know what danger walks towards them, shining and holy but seeming very delicate, very careful.  He is too beautiful, they think, his steps are too precise; here is a crystal in a plane of dark marble and they will shatter him.
Castiel knows that future is a possibility.  He knows that Dean may have suffered too much.  He has always known. Before the Siege, he knew it, and dismissed it, being certain that he would triumph.  But now he sees it, and is afraid. Not of what it would mean for the world. He does not care if the world burns, already he does not care about that.  He cares because of what it would mean for Dean. For what it would mean to his own heart, which he fears might now be stirring, at the worst time, of all times.
But he couldn’t.  As a footsoldier, as a glorified hellhound, he didn’t have that power.  He could only kill the fucker once.  He knelt over the mangled corpse, light shining down on him through the stained glass in the church where he had taken him, thinking about it for a long time, imagining.  Then, he texted Crowley.
Usually Castiel denies it, when Dean calls him that.  But right now, he can feel Dean is unsteady, and he can still feel what Dean felt when he prayed to Castiel and he didn’t come, and he wants so badly, so badly, to erase that memory, to put himself, soul and heart and body, between Dean and suffering, and be his angel again.
Castiel has heard this before and he does not want to hear it again.  Like Dean, he is frustrated by the dance he is locked in with Sam.  He interrupts.  “Do you know what I went through to Fall, Sam?” Sam opens his mouth to reply, but Castiel does not wait for him.  “You can't imagine.  The suffering.”  Again Sam inhales sharply, again Castiel doesn't wait.  “I know what you suffered in the Cage.  I know what Dean suffered in the Pit.  You can't imagine what it feels like to Fall.  You are mortal, your suffering, no matter how acute, no matter how profound, is finite.  You suffered on one plane of existence, I suffered on all of them.  You suffered for years, I suffered forever.  They took my wings, Sam.  They took them, and they took from every moment of my entire existence, which extends through all of time.
“Of course not,” Cas says, and turns his back.  He does not think about Sam strangling him with the clean shirt while his back is turned.  He
“Love your neck,” Castiel says, as he tastes, and kisses, and sucks.  “Tastes so good.  Tastes like you.”
“I would send them to kill painters and bring them to Hell to paint you, and photographers to photograph you, and I would make a new cave, as high and wide as the throne room and fill it only with pictures of you.  Some of only your eyes, or your lips, or your hands, your brow. It would be a temple; I would send the demons there, to be prayerful, and changed by your beauty. Those wretched, lost, creatures; they would become your angels, they would love you so.”
Features somewhat domesticDean, caringDean, fantasizingDean, coming-to-terms-with-his-feelingsDean and Cas just being adorable.
and with this possessive gleam in the angel’s baby blues, as well as this new brand of soreness deep inside him, it was hard not to feel like he’d been claimed in every possible way. Dean allowed his head to droop onto Cas’s shoulder before Cas teleported them away. He’d unpack all that later; he was just so drained right now.
It’s when he sees Dean cry for the first time that he’s aware he’s in trouble. He still doesn’t know how far gone he actually is. He just knows there’s a strange tugging and twisting on the inside of his vessel’s chest, and he wonders if the organs are somehow failing. It seems to keep functioning however, and he goes to rest a hand on Dean’s shoulder. The man is clearly in pain over his brother’s difficulties, even though he has plenty of problems of his own. Castiel wishes more than anything that he could do something to ease Dean’s struggles, that he could at least understand more of what he’s going through.
“And this will help with that?” Cas asked him, his head tilting in his patented curious move and his eyes squinting. Not that Dean was watching him that closely from where he was doing a second shot. This was good, he thought. So Cas hadn’t somehow turned into a sex god when he’d put on that costume. He just looked like one.
“He’s going with Shane to the hospital, so he can heal some of the worst injuries on the way. He said he’ll meet us back at the motel.” The words were flat. Dean got into the Impala, only really noticing now how much blood he had on his hands and the tan plaid western style shirt. For having to investigate a case, this night had started out so simple and fun.
“Dean, you need to stop, you’re going to kill him,” Cas’s rough tone cut into his ear, and Dean thought that didn’t sound like a bad idea at all, but the iron angel grip tore him away from the blond man anyway. Cas spun him around to face him, and the fury, the judgement, the disappointment, in those blue eyes took Dean’s breath away and the fight fell out of him all at once.
“I’m fine,” Dean all but snapped. He’d finally gotten free of the Mark, he didn’t need to be reminded of it. Or reminded that his thoughts were straying, and he very well couldn’t tell Sam why. Damn his little bro for always being so observant.
“You shouldn’t want to fight this, Dean. This is your reward for being so strong. Angels aren’t...supposed to want humans like I want you.” The need in Cas’s voice was unmistakable now. His thumb found the center of Dean’s hole and pressed.
It was so hard to read the guy. One minute he’d be all righteous and devout, then the next almost gentle in his confusion over some human matter. And through it all, he seemed fascinated with Dean, too much so if one asked Dean; the stares that never stopped, the standing too close, the always there when he least expected it. Still, Cas had raised him from Hell, and had done enough to convince Dean that he wasn’t like the other angels. So Dean trusted him when he’d put that hand on his shoulder and told him to come with him. Now he wasn’t so sure.
“Don’t tell me you don’t want this. I may not understand much of human subtleties, I will admit that. But I’ve been around long enough to know desire, and want, and lust.” Cas leaned into Dean, and between the way his voice deepened on the last word and the bulge Dean felt being pressed into his leg, the hunter’s heart turned right over. What exactly were Cas’s intentions?
“My Dean, oh my Dean,” Cas whispered, his voice overflowing with his own love and emotion as he leaned in closer, one of his hands slipping under to cradle his human’s head. The softest of brushes caressed Dean’s temple, and he was able to open his eyes in time to see out of the corner of one of them, a black feather whisk away a tear that had fallen. As always, the touch of those wings against his skin sent Dean into an otherworldly spiral of sensation. His hips shifted, his asshole begging afresh.
“Hey!” Sam yelled again, because now mini Foghorn was digging in the ashtray of the passenger side’s armrest, his head madly jerking back and forth as it seemed to be trying to grab at something.
“For that matter, it’s not good for humans, either. And you know I wish you didn’t drink so much.” This earned him a sharp sideways glance from the rooster, and Cas wasn’t sure what had caused him to say this. It was surely true, but he’d never had the nerve to say it to Dean before, he usually kept it to a remonstrating look when the human was starting to drink too much. He knew Dean wouldn’t listen to him even if he did say something. But now he had to listen, now Cas some control. He pulled the glass fully out of the chicken’s reach and twisted his arm around to push it up on the table. Only to have Dean give him a dirty stare and appear to begin measuring up the table height to see if he could fly or jump that high.
“You’ve done well,” the trench coated angel told him, his voice low and almost...angry? Even more disconcerting was the way the wall sealed behind them as they walked into the room. Dean was trapped, as he usually was in here, there was no denying that. What the fuck. He’d thought they could trust Cas; he’d certainly helped them immeasurably in defeating the angel’s own brothers. Had that been a trick of some sort, did Cas have an ulterior motive of his own after all?
“Beautiful and strong but aloof and vicious,” Cas expounded, and Dean looked at him sideways. Um. Whatever. He didn’t like cats anyway.
“That’s not - really the same…” he started, then gave up. “Did you really lay here all night?” he asked the angel instead.
Halfway through the second episode in the marathon, and Dorothy had just found out what Blanche had done this time, Cas’s eyes flicked at the door as the crack opened just slightly. His sharp ears picked up the tap tap tap tap, and then a moment later a red ball of feathers had fluttered up onto the bed with him. Cas didn’t move from where he was laying on his side, but his gaze followed Dean as the rooster turned his head towards the glowing screen briefly, then seemed to look back at Cas in amusement for his choice of program. He then turned around twice before settling his body, his legs tucked under him, closer to Cas’s chest than the angel might have expected. He wasn’t quite cuddled up to the angel, but he was near enough for his wing to brush Cas’s dress shirt as he fluffed his feathers in preparation of going to sleep.
“I have plenty of power!” she hissed at him, but then paused, almost thoughtfully. “Just, not quite enough.” Dean did his best to put an openly curious and caring expression on his face and not look threatening, hoping with all of his thudding heart that Cas was okay for now. He didn’t look in bad shape at all, other than not being able to move.
“I suppose he does have a point. And besides, a motel would be convenient. Beds are so much more ergonomic for sexual activity, don’t you think?”
Dean felt more than heard Cas whimper, his hips bucking just a little into Dean’s, and he was just pushing his shirt aside to slide his hands up onto that tight expanse of skin above his pants when somebody coughed.
Eventually the kissing stopped, which Sam was made aware of by Dean coughing loudly until he turned back around.
“I’ll call for help, I’ll get the first aid kit”, Sam said, really panicking now, grasping for anything that would make this better. He turned to run, to get their bandages and kit, but Dean called his name again and he knew it was too late.
Castiel sighed, and Sam threw Dean look that clearly said hey, try being a little more grateful to the dude who saved your life huh?
Dean flushes again, and inches his feet apart a little further, feeling the air against his exposed hole. His cock is starting to fill out nicely, the anticipation of whatever Castiel is about to do making him hard and aching. He looks straight ahead, determined to see this through. And maybe get a little extra besides. He hasn’t been dressing like this for nothing, after all.
“You knew it was always gonna end like this for me,” Dean said, tears in his eyes too now, “I mean, look at us. Saving people, hunting things. It’s what we do.”
Sam couldn’t help it, he gasped. Cas instantly went silent, Dean glaring at him like he’d just admitted to murdering a kitten, not being in love with him.
Dean could feel the tension radiating from Cas’s body. The angel had turned almost away from him, eyes cast down at the ground, his whole being closed off. Dean wanted more than anything to just pull Cas back around to him, show him that he didn’t need to be ashamed of this, whatever this was, but then again he didn’t want to hurt him. So he settled for what he knew.
