She was right after all. Dean was mature enough to admit that much. Though he took everyone’s feelings into consideration he’d forgotten how they’d want to be a part of this with him. They loved him just as much as he loved Cas and it was in their right to come along and help Dean make sure his angel came back in one piece. Dean’s life was now a B rated action movie and there wasn’t anything he could do to stop it. Castiel was a stubborn son of a bitch and he assumed his family would be the same. They were all in this with him whether he liked it or not.
“I’m not too sure.”
They cleaned up and curled under the blankets to take a midmorning nap. These are the moments when Dean let himself be most vulnerable and that was something he valued highly. Intimacy was integral to him, and the fact that he got to experience it with such a wonderful man was astounding.
Sam: Tell me all about it tomorrow lol. Ive gotta hear this
“No Dean I don’t think I do. It’s time to pull your head out of the sand and deal with this like a healthy individual. Have you even talked to Cas this entire time? I mean if you were dodging me than I’m sure he hasn’t seen height nor hair of you.”
888888888888888888888888888888
Dean choked between bites.  This was how he’d die, with bread and meat in his lungs. He looked Cas in the eye and winced as his inhibitions began to falter.
Dick climbs off of him and let’s his friend kiss him. Castiel struggles now to the best of his ability. His arms feel weakened all of a sudden. He’s stronger than this and he knows it. Whatever happened between the kitchen and now did something to him physically and he can’t for the life of him figure out why. What he does know is that he doesn’t want to be kissed by a complete stranger. He tosses his head back and forth trying to avoid the other man’s lips. He feels someone fumbling with his belt and starts to thrash wildly.
Without another word they all watched as Dean made his way out of the building alone.
*                             *                             *                             *
“Hello Castiel. I’ve been expecting you.”
Cas looked past the situation that was brewing to Dick’s….date who still remained leaning on the building. He smirked at Castiel and winked at him. A creepy dark feeling welled up inside him and soon it was choking him. He was hot all over and felt cold at the same time. He drew in deep exhales trying to hold onto the little bit of calm that he had left.
They continued around the store picking up all the things they needed by aisle, Cas had a few suggestions and added them to the cart with a tender smile. He was really excited to have Dean cooking in his house. It was so disgustingly domestic of them, and Dean warmed up to the feeling. He’d never thought he’d have something like this. To have someone who could make something as mundane as grocery shopping seem like a romantic adventure. Gosh if Sam could hear his thoughts he’d be throwing him a constant smirk and calling Dean the king of saps. Once they finished all the food items he followed Cas to the personal hygiene section, tossing him a raised eyebrow as he tossed a large bottle of lube on top of the other items. Happy Holidays indeed.
“Everything alright?”
“So you the Cas I’ve heard so much about?” a surly man with grizzled features and a ball cap approaches him with a beer to offer and a handshake. “I’m Bobby, Dean’s uncle and his dumbass father’s brother. Nothing like him I can assure you.”
By that time Castiel was already in his room, slamming the door.
“Yes. Are you as well?”
*                             *                             *                             *
“Sam? My brother?”
Dean threw on a pair of sweatpants over his boxer briefs and stomped into the living room of his two bedroom apartment. He pressed the button on the intercom to open the door to let Sammy in the building.
“After we’re all done with opening gifts then sure.” His nerves were starting to grow at the prospect of playing for the people whose opinions mattered the most.
“Heat or not I don’t say things I don’t mean to you.” He reached out a hand carding it through Castiel’s messy hair. “You really give me the best sex I’ve ever had. Like with anyone. And I’ve had a lot of sex.”
Dinner was amazing, he didn’t expect anything less. Afterwards, now that was different. Dean had prepared a bath, something you would see in movies. He’d filled the tub while Castiel was clearing the table and loading the dishwasher, whatever he’d added to the water smelled divine and had turned the water a pretty emerald color.
“I can get you one when I get mine.”
“What if I go crazy?” his wide gray eyes looked up at Dean with such worry it was truly adorable.
“Cas you can’t just come in here and start doing things.”
“Hmm well let’s go get you cleaned up.”
He should’ve said 10 since that’s how quick he got his shit together and was now standing at the front door of the Novak house. He didn’t bother with the doorbell, banging was quicker and more effective in his mind. It took maybe 30 seconds for Chuck to open the door. He immediately grabbed Dean’s bicep and yanked him into the house and all the way to the living room. For such a small man he had quite a God like grip on him.
Hey no hey now! There is some sexual content in this chapter.........yup. I'm happy you guys are enjoying the story so far. Shout out to elfe for letting me know the fic was shown as completed. This is far from complete *nervous laughter*. This is my favorite chapter I've written so far and I'd love to hear your thoughts on it (be gentle please ;(   ).
*                             *                             *                             *
“It’s not at all. You’re on the way.”
“You want me to see you Cas? Wanna know for sure that this is what you do to me?”
“You don’t gotta be gentle son, we know Missouri is a force to be reckoned with.” He followed up with a full-bodied laugh and Dean even let out a chuckle of his own.
A knock at the door let him know that someone had arrived. He opened it to find a smiling Dean holding a box in one arm and a few grocery bags at his feet.
“Proud? Father I’m confused.”
Castiel laughed at the parts Dean did and he didn’t mind his constant talking. He was truly becoming taken with this man. He felt like Dean could both be friend and lover, his past relationships had never been this…pure. Being this close to Dean made him both aroused and happily giddy. He dipped his hand under Dean’s shirt and traced his soft, slender fingers along his abdomen and snaked his way up his chest, pausing to squeeze his pectoral. Dean wrapped his arms around the other man’s back and tugged him closer still. Cas, lost in the moment they were having, decided to get bold and he stood and swung a leg over Dean’s other thigh and straddled him. He sunk down until he was fully seated on the man under him. Dean could feel Cas’ arousal on his through the thin material of the sweatpants.
“I feel old to be honest. Like I’ve lived for so many millennia.”
With a gentle goodbye, more of a ‘see you later’ Sam left. He waited until he could hear the car driving off before he reached out to his man. Wrapping his arms around his lower back, getting into his space entirely. He loved the way Cas smelled, a rich earthy smell with some notes of sweetness underneath. At first, he thought it was some kind of cologne, but since they’d showered together and had a good roll in the hay he was convinced that this was just his natural odor.
With gentle hands even though he could tell the man wanted to be rougher, Dean pushed him up and around until their positions were flipped.
“Well I’m sure you’re busy. I’ll see you in class.”
“College? What did you go for? You never told us this.” Sam was baffled. So many doors were opening and closing today and it caused his head to spin with the information.
“If I say yes will you do the same with Dean?”
“I’ll be home the day before Halloween so prepare your anus Cassie we’re going partying!”
Dean sat there in shock at what just took place.
Dammit, he cursed to himself. Well there goes that.
She had asked him once if he wanted to pursue it as a career and he politely declined. He found peace in the kitchen and didn’t want to turn it into a job. It was quiet and therapeutic, something he didn’t have to give much thought too. He shared that with her and she left it at that.
“What can I do ya for?”
“No flirting Charlie. It’s for the greater good.” He laughed.
“Very good.”
When they were all strapped and ready to go, the teams fanned out across the campus all shooting in different directions. Dean knew the campus pretty well, so he lead Sam and the officer, Garth, towards Kevin’s building.
“Thanks Dean.” He heard his brother’s sigh of relief. “Now you wanna share with the class why you’re at Cas’ house this early in the morning?”
As on-screen Dean sped up with the toy, Dean in real life pushed the laptop towards his knees before rubbing at the obvious bulge he was doing a terrible job at covering. He alternated between rubbing and stroking the best he could with Castiel’s jeans in the way. It didn’t take long at all since he was ramped up so much between the video and Dean’s insistent touches.
Castiel had never had phone sex before, never saw the point in it and rather would be a man of action. That was until Dean, and his sweet voice and sounds rang out directly into his ears. Slowly he gripped the base of himself in intervals several times to get himself under control. There was a first time for everything and he planned to savor this first.
“Oh do you?” he smirked, one corner of his mouth turning up at Dean’s response.
This chapter for some reason felt so long........maybe it's just me. Ummmm there's not too high of a warning for this chapter. Just some sexy times and fluffy stuff. The second half of this chapter was actually cut into the start of the next chapter. It was getting away from me. As always happy reading! Comments are welcomed and encouraged! xoxo
“Dean you know I’d go to hell and back for you, but this ain’t the time. I get where you’re coming from son. It’s Loki, us, and 3 other chapters on standby for this. We got a lot of strong people batting for this team, but this is Hell’s Prince, they aren’t anything to side-eye. One wrong step and this whole thing is blown.”
Castiel was either dead or trapped in some kind of nightmare. He opened his eyes to see a dirty concrete wall in front of him. He moved his legs to find they were tied to the chair he sat on. His arms were tied tightly to the back of it as well. His head was spinning with dizziness and his stomach felt empty. His mouth was dry and he couldn’t lick his dry lips due to the cloth tied around his head.
“Well whoever he is you’ve purposely told me nothing about this individual.”
And dammit if that wasn’t the sappiest thing Dean had ever said. Cas was turning him into a sap each and every day. He wasn’t scared of the fact, quite the opposite. He decided the torture session was over and he moved from on top of Cas to snuggle into his side, placing his face in the crook of his neck. He wrapped the other man up in his arms and held him tightly. Light kisses were placed on Cas’ jaw and neck, the first lights of arousal strummed through him.
88888888888
Cas bent over again and kissed Dean’s lips this time. The movements were soft and gentle. He wasn’t trying to start anything sexual. This was more for Dean’s comfort. Just Castiel’s silent way of letting Dean know he was here for him. Dean’s hands lifted from where they were placed on the mattress and laid on his hips. He rubbed at them through his thin borrowed sweat pants and twisted his head to deepen the kiss for only a moment.
“Are you in your bedroom?”
They started college and roomed together. It was nice to have their own space together. Castiel gave his virginity to him without a second thought. He was convinced they were in love and that the hiding would past soon. But Dick had other plans. Many other plans. He partied a lot and abandoned most of his studies, while Castiel spent his nights in their room studying. He felt left out and despite himself he pushed his way into Dick’s party life. It started off with just attending, then evolved into him drinking, that turned into him smoking cigarettes. It almost went to him dropping acid, but he had, had enough at this point. One night they were out with Dick’s friends where these activities took place. Dick was off his rocker in a cabin in the wood’s that belonged to one of his boy’s families.
“Well the director isn’t so bad, but the dude shooting it sucks, and the other co-star is someone I never want to work with again.”
“And you’re ok with me still doing my thing?”
“I didn’t have to but I wanted to. Plus your nephew is adorable and I just had to spend more time with him.”
“Then let’s do it. Let’s hang out with them tonight.”
“I’m so sorry angel. I should’ve gone after you.” He unconsciously tightened the grip he had on Castiel’s hands.
*                             *                             *                             *
“I see. Well I’m Charlie.” She reached a hand out to him.
“That’s awesome. Did you meet them at work?” he asked as he settled on the couch.
“No I will not.”
“Tell Sam I said hello.”
“This place is a half hour—”
“Cas—“
“Dean I have something to discuss with you.”
“Stop badgering me with all your questions. Yes I’m still in bed. You woke me up. And Cas is still sleeping so I can’t talk at normal volume.” Dean took a peek at his boyfriend laid out on his stomach on the other side of the bed. The covers were up to his nose, he could only see a head of unruly dark hair.
Castiel could definitely go for that and stopped his food hunt resorting to just getting a glass of water. He walked back to the living room and sat in one of the armchairs that sat adjacent to the couch. Phone in hand he began clicking away texting Dean. He hadn’t realized he was smiling until his Father made mention of it.
Dean: Hey Cas are you busy tonight?
“What do you want me to do?”
“Good night Dean.” Cas blushed and practically ran out of the car and into his house.
“Yes, yes, yes.”
“Did he ask for your number or did you offer it to him?”
He pumped it slow and steady, hips moving in perfect sync. Head thrown back, no doubt that eyes were closed. By the sweat sheen he could see from his spot, it was apparent Dean had been at this for a while. Was this on purpose? For Castiel’s viewing pleasure, to not be seen or heard and just to watch. If it was then he was enjoying it greatly, could feel his own arousal as he squirmed silently. It was getting difficult to not touch himself, so he pressed his full hand to the front of his pants as Dean’s hips and hand began to speed up.
Thinking back to the video for reference, he remembered how the not Dean’s bottom looked. While it was nice, real Dean’s was much meatier, sitting up proud even though he was laid flat. He grabbed the eucalyptus massage oil, moving to sit atop Dean’s calves. He watched the muscles in his back ripple and tense in anticipation for what was to happen next. He started at the top of his back, using a small amount of oil as Meg has said a little went a long way.
Cas: Hello Dean. Sorry I had to leave while you were still sleeping. Charlie wanted to have a study session. I cooked breakfast. Your plate is in the oven along with Sam’s. Have a good day J
When Dean lifted his head to respond there was a rim of vanilla ice cream all over his mouth. Heaven help him this man would be his demise.
“You are such a Dad.” She pouted and folded her arms.
“No I don’t.” he rolled his eyes.
He turned to go and tossed Castiel a smile and a wave then left the class without a word. Dean rose from his desk and closed and locked the door. He returned with a serious frown on his face. Maybe this wouldn’t turn out how Castiel wanted it to.
“I’ve got a date tonight Dean.” Sam grinned setting down little Mark in the playpen. Dean froze from where he stood in front of the refrigerator while getting a pair of beers. It’s only been a year since Jess’ death…how could he already be getting dates? Dean took a minute before choosing his response. Sam and him grieve differently and they move on different as well. He couldn’t compare Sam to himself. That wouldn’t be fair to him.
Sam rolled his eyes but he put on what he knew his brother would want to listen to. He then looked to see if Castiel had any rebuttal to this and he shrugged in response. He didn’t mind Dean’s music, he’d gotten accustomed to it over their time together.
Pulled from his thoughts he realized he’d been staring at Dean’s chest for a few minutes. Face heating up in embarrassment, Dean just chuckled in response.
“Oh. Ok.”
“I’ll do you one better.” Her face had hardened in a state of anger. “I’m gonna find where that bastard is holding Cas at. You got any coffee?”
Once they were in and settled he silently watched her set up her laptop and all her other techy things.
“Care to share why?”
“I’m not much of a dancer.” Dean shouted.
“You like to watch Cas?”
“Questions like what?”
Castiel wishes he had the correct terminology to describe Balthazar. Out of the 3 languages he knows fully there are several books worth of words that could fit, but none of them are quite right. The man somehow figured out how to be vulgar, considerate, and hilarious all in the same sentence. He was getting whiplash from the conversation and they were just talking about what they did for a living.
“Where are we?” his sleep glazed voice sounded gratingly.
“That’s awesome Cas. So you and Balthazar huh? Becoming good friends?”
“I want to taste you.” He growled.
“I do have other friends,” he muttered while smacking his brother’s chest with the dish towel.
“Why is it so wrong that I like guys and girls?”
“I’m not sure.” Castiel laughed. Why in the hell was he laughing when he was very concerned?
“Well hello Castiel.” The snake of a man smiled. “It’s been quite a while how are you son?”
“Castiel. Do not look too deep into that statement. Surely you can see reason here?”
“Do I need to remind you that the only reason why you met Dean in the first place was due to me breaking into your spank bank?” Gabriel laughed.
“That’s what I came here to apologize about, along with all the other shit I pulled over the years.”
“Cassie, walking yourself around like a loon isn’t gonna make this much easier.”
“What the hell is that?”
“Jealous are we?” he laughed. “You have nothing to worry about I can assure you. It’s just a bunch of college studies trying not to let all the money we’ve spent here go to waste.”
He gathered all the ingredients for some eggs, bacon, and toast and got right down to cooking. He tried to recall how Dean had done it for the couple of times his boyfriend had cooked him breakfast. He added the spices he could recall and slathered butter and jelly on the toast once it popped. He plated the food and stood back to look at it. He felt a flutter of pride at the food he had made. Dean didn’t like too much sugar and cream in his coffee, unlike Castiel who liked all the fixings with his. He got everything together and slowly made his way back to the man’s room.
“Watch it again. I’m a lot of things and a liar ain’t one of em.”
“I'm sorry, I didn’t mean to make it sound like I don’t.” he sighed, surrendering under Dean’s sincere gaze. “I’ll pick a day and let everyone one know.”
“I’d like to meet your family though Dean.”
“You must be Dean?”
“Let’s hope it sticks this time.”
When they got to the club it certainly was bustling. Charlie had rented the whole venue for the night. Everywhere Dean turned new faces surrounded him. Whatever a larp was he was certainly happy that none of his students knew about this. They walked inside being ushered by a host. She had led the 3 men upstairs to a private large room. There were comfy looking couches everywhere accompanied by a large low sitting round table in the middle of them. The walls were painted black and several full, unopened liquor bottles sat on the table. Dean assumed this was the VIP section and he was eternally grateful that Gabe had driven that night. Free booze and a sexy boyfriend on his arm spelled a great night for Dean.
“How was your day? I’m just getting off.”
“Thank you Kevin.”
“Sorry Dean.” He smiled shyly after taking a few sips in silence.
“As friends of course.”
That voice carried lust and desire that had woven itself through his movements as he tugged Cas off the stool and led him over to an open space on the dancefloor. The song had just changed, and Dean held him close, their hips meeting as they began to sway into each other. Their bodies aligned perfectly in everything they did, whether it be dancing, sex, walking next to each other. They were so physically matched that everything else just slid into place with it. The beat picked up and they moved with it, staying in sync. Someone bumped into Dean and Castiel reached out and grabbed his bicep, pulling him closer still to be sure he wouldn’t lose him in the sea of wild limbs.
“Let’s go to sleep then.” Cas tugged his hand leading him towards the stairs. “Unless you want to go home. That was rude of me. You probably want to go home.” He let go of Dean’s hand.
“I don’t understand why you’re proud of me.” Cas had just finished rolling his blunt. He looked to Dean for permission and he answered by opening the window in the kitchen and motioning for him to do it in there.
“Yeah—but Dean’s not really good at that is he?” He chuckled.
Dean felt good as he woke up that morning. It was the light coming in through the gap between the heavy green curtains of Castiel’s bedroom window that dragged him into the land of the living. Their positions had shifted, but they didn’t drift apart at all through the night. He was facing the window with Cas clinging to his back, the heat of midmorning causing sweat to form between them. Normally he’d balk at the feeling of too much body heat, this time was different in so many ways. For one he hadn’t had sex with or was related to the person he was in bed with. This was the first time he’d ever seriously dated a man. He’d been around the block, sleeping with whoever caught his eye, he never did have much of a preference. To go horizontal with someone and not take their clothes off was a totally new thing for him though.
“Hey Cas. Where’s Charlie?”
“No Cas,” he sighed and took a breathe carefully choosing his words “I shouldn’t have acted like that when I know you were just trying to help. It’s just…dad is a really sensitive topic for me and if we talk about that we’d be diving down a rabbit hole that I just can’t handle right now.”
Cas went next, first opening Gabe’s present. It was a $100 gift card to a place called the Toyhouse. He’d quirked an eyebrow in confusion at this, even Chuck had no idea what to make of it. Dean and Gabe knew quite well what it was for and refused to say a word about it. Gabe, because he thought it was hilarious, and Dean because you don’t take about sex toy shops in front of your significant other’s parent. Next he opened Chuck’s gift, a bunch of new winter workout gear, for when he takes his runs in the cold. Lastly he opened Dean’s gift, the lab coat.
“I’ve been well. How are things at the hospital?”
“Atta boy Clarence. Let him know.” Meg chimed in.
Dean’s words brought about a warmth in him that he was not familiar with. The man was happy to see him, that was a sensation he hadn’t experienced in a long time. He stood so close, so very close that if Castiel swayed just a bit their chests would be touching. While from anyone else this would cause him stress, he felt fine with this beautiful man being so close to him.
“Let me go jerk!” Sam wiggled in the hold and got free.
His hips were now moving in rhythm with the other man’s hands. He wanted more, so much more, he just didn’t know what exactly or how to ask for it. The man grabbed the back of his neck until their mouths clashed together. His mouth was overflowing with sounds now as he was overcome with pleasure. It was coming to a head, and it had to or Castiel would lose his mind.
For the rest of the afternoon, it was just Sam and him goofing off in the armory. After a lot of brotherly pestering he finally got his brother to admit that he had the hots for Jessica. Apparently, she’d just finished nursing school and was planning on officially joining the Initiative as a hunter and medic. Sam said he was working on her joining their chapter, the more medics the better since the Winchester clan was more than a little hurt prone. Missouri was their main medic, of course Mary helped with that, they would happily take another under their wings.
“I like this man and its all your fault.” Castiel sat on the edge of his bed and stared down at the phone he had in one hand and dragged from the blunt in his other.
Dean locked up entirely, thighs muscles flexing and releasing before he went totally limp in Castiel’s arms. He could feel the wetness soaking into the front of his jeans, his own muscles trembling with the effort to hold his orgasm at bay.
“Would you like to play with me?”
They hopped out of the truck and made their way to the front door shoulder to shoulder. Just Sam being this close was calming Dean’s nerves. He reached out and turned the knob walking inside with his brother not far behind him. Closing the door behind them Sam walked ahead calling for Bobby and his dad. Dean, however, looked around the house. He felt like he hadn’t been there in ages, but everything felt like it was in the same place as last time. Bobby was a creature of habit. To an outsider his living room would look like a pile of dusty chaos, but Dean was family and he knew that everything in the room had its rightful place. On the desk were piles of ancient looking books as usual. Some were open and some were just meant as coasters for his normal glass of whiskey. The house smelled of burning wood and freshly baked bread. The smell was so familiar, took him back to all the summers he spent at this old house. All the late nights when Bobby would let them stay out well past the street lights turning on. Catching fireflies in the back yard with Sammy while not caring about being bitten alive by frisky mosquitos. It was a darker, but much simpler time.
If it was possible, which he didn’t think it was, Dean got even more excited with this embarrassing admission. The colors of his aura swirled with a brightness he’d ever seen come from the man.  His hands jetted out where they sat on the table and grasping Castiel's own.
“You don’t have to finish it.” Dean took his own sip and watched Johnathan sit the bottle next to him. “So can I ask you something?”
“Um…alright.”
Dean and Sam took off without another word. The building looked freshly abandoned, the vegetation hadn’t quite taken over the sides of the building. The grass around it came only shin high so it’d maybe been a few months since it’s been left alone. That means the locks wouldn’t be worn down enough to simply bust open. They’d have to pick them.  A couple windows were broken in, probably from some people needing someplace to squat for a while, Dean certainly remembers those days. Most likely more than his brother would. He listened to the noise around them and hearing not much else but the general noise of being outside and their own footsteps. He couldn’t hear anything from the building itself, which could mean two things: Cas and his kidnappers weren’t in there anymore, or they were just in an inner part of the building and whatever noise that was being made the sound hadn’t reached to the outskirts.
GUYS OMG THIS IS THE LAST CHAPTER!!!! IM SO FRIGGIN SAD ABOUT IT!!!!! No real warnings for this chapter, just hella feels as per usual. This was a RIDE! For real I enjoyed writing this and having so much positive feedback on it! You guys are the best honestly. Thank you so much for taking the time to read my madness and loving it! I truly appreciated every comment, kudo, read, that you guys put into this story. I wouldn't have continued without you! Do not fret though I'm not quite done with this verse. I'm working on some timestamps (aka fluff overload) for this story, plus I'll be posting a whole new story in a couple of weeks. You've spoiled me truly and now you can't get rid of me! Again love to all who have read this! xoxo [side note: one of my lovely readers turned friend Castiel_Andymion is translating this story into Chinese! They've already posted the first two chapters so if you could pretty please go give it some love even if you're an English reader I'd really appreciate it!] And as always I hope you enjoy this!
He watched as Dean practically ripped the fabric off of him like it was on fire. He smiled down at where Castiel was now laying on his lap. Dean was truly beautiful looming over him like that. With his tanned skin and freckles everywhere, the black ink on his tight chest standing out against everything. His hand reached out on his own and sat on top of his peck where the tattoo was, dragging his hand down the flat planes of Dean’s front as he looked into lustful green eyes.
“Cas I—"
“Yeah but Dean needs you right now. More than me.” he smiled a sad smile.
“It’s cold, but yes this is enjoyable. I haven’t done this in many years.”
“Don’t tell me you’ve never seen Blade.” Dean sighed.
Well that explained the red gunk. Castiel grabbed the only semi-clean hand towel and swiped some flour from above his Father’s eye and smiled down at him.
“Hanging in there. Got myself a job.” He chuckled.
Cas sat up full on straddled on Dean. He placed a hand on each pectoral and leaned down to place a kiss on the other man’s forehead.
“Hey Cas. How are you?” Sam beamed as he hopped up into the tall truck.
“I’m pretty damn sure you heard what I said.” She shouted. “You’ve done enough and he doesn’t need that right now.”
“Good that’s good. Well I hope you guys have a good time tonight. It was nice to meet you Dean. You should come over for dinner some time.” He turned to his boys. “I’m probably gonna eat and turn in.”
“I really don’t wanna talk about it Cas.” He got from his desk and once again shoved his things in it getting ready to leave.
Cas once again did what he was told. He really did feel safe with Dean. He knew he could trust Dean to never over step his boundaries. He sat straddling Dean’s hips as Dean’s hands went softly to his ass pulling him towards him.
So Dean wanted to speak to him. Well that was terrifying. Texting would be so much easier, he’d have time to really think out his responses. Talking on the phone required a set of conversation skills that he wasn’t equipped with right now. It would be much easier to just leave the text with no response, or he could tell Dean that he wasn’t in a place to talk on the phone. That was a bust though since Dean was aware that he got off at the same time each day. He didn’t want to leave Dean hanging, the man was obviously expecting a call. Offending him to save his nerves just didn’t seem worth it. It was now or never. He pressed the screen and held the phone to his ear while he held his breathe.
“Can you be my prize Cas?” he grumbled, lips still touching the other.
Cas sit up like Dean and mimicked his previous motions, but unlike Cas, Dean dove straight in after the shirt was tossed away. Instead of his lips he went for his neck with the intention of leaving a few dark marks. Cas groaned and squirmed, holding Dean’s shoulders tightly.
Dean: hey Cas what’s up?
Cas noticed Dean coming back to him with a huge smile on his face. The man was practically glowing at this point, and he hoped with all that he had that he would remain this way for the rest of the night. He took Castiel’s hand and led him over to the people scattered across the room, all wearing similar expressions to Dean. The first person they approached was a short woman with reddish hair. She had a beer in her hand and an apron wrapped around her jeans. Castiel assumed she was the woman of the house and the one who cooked all the food.
“I don’t appreciate you trying to poke fun at Dean.”
“That ain’t polite when you hardly know the man. Next topic.”
Hey Hey posting a day early because tomorrow won't permit me to post on time! I'm so happy for the turn that this fic has taken! The feedback alone could keep me going. I want to take this time out to say that unfortunately this story will be ending soon, but with bad news comes good news! I've been working on something very special and it'll be posted shortly after I end this story. No strong warnings for this chapter, just sadness (I'm so sorry). As always comments and kudos are welcomed and loved. Follow me on tumblr! fanofthephire !!!
“What are you doing after school today? We were supposed to go out to dinner, but never got around to that since…” his voice trailed off.
“This was fun.” He said as they paid for their meals.
“Have you no shame in front of your poor mother.” She chuckled. “I saw those wondering eyes between you. Don’t think I didn’t notice. I may be old, but I know an attractive man when I see one.”
“Oh a man’s man hmm?”
“Yeah we’ve got class in the morning and I have an assignment to get finished. Castiel you ready to go hun?”
“Come on. We need to get you home pronto.” Charlie reached out to help a swaying Cas out of the booth.
“Just listen to me Cas. You might like what you find.”
Unknown: he shouldn’t have done that.
Without further prompting Dean stood and removed his clothes in a flash, like they were burning him all of a sudden. Castiel reached forward placing his hands on Dean’s chest. Sliding down and pausing to flick at each of his nipples. He felt a shudder ripple through the man and he leaned in to kiss him. Their lips meeting in fever and ecstasy. A fire burning between them waiting to be fanned with each breath they released. Contact from hip to chest, lightening flowing through every point of contact.
“Cas is safe now go to him!” he shoved Dean in his direction.
The silence Dean emitted for the rest of the morning hit Castiel’s soul. They ate breakfast that Dean cooked, the only sounds being the cutlery clattering against the white porcelain plates. They washed the dishes in that same threatening silence and Castiel felt his resolve crumble to pieces.
“Um well yes, I do need some assistance.”
“Yeah Sammy I do.” He looked at Cas and gave him a wink and a smile. “You coming to Charlie’s Halloween party Friday?”
After a waitress came and took their orders Castiel decided now was the time to start conversation. Gathering his nerves and storing them in a little box, never to be looked at again, he took the final plunge.
“Do you want some help with that?” Dean smiled sweetly trying to ignore the disapproval that was all over Cas’ face.
“I’m outside Dean.”
Dean dug Cas’ arousal out of his boxers and began to stroke him. He moved towards Cas’ neck and began kissing and biting every spot he could hit. Cas moaned through each kiss and some point he got his hand on Dean’s erection and stroked him with fever. A little out of rhythm but damn did it feel good. Dean could feel his orgasm coming and he didn’t want it to end. He stopped all movement and pushed Cas on his back.
“How do you feel Cas?”
The current conversation of the group settled on the love life of Alice. From what little Castiel gathered between giving his brain a break, the girl had many troubles in her love life. Why she would seek Balthazar’s help of all people he didn’t know. But if she was dealing with someone who has no intention of committing to her then Balthazar may be the correct person to ask. Takes one to know one and all that. Charlie was off to the side talking to Kevin about some party they wanted to attend at the end of the semester. She bounced in her seat from clear excitement and it was only a matter of time before the invite would be extended to him. Of course he would politely decline, because he had no doubt that some unsavory characters would be there. It’s not that he disliked partied per say, but he didn’t like how rowdy, and overly touchy some people got. He enjoyed the music and dancing, but there was always at least one character who would get out of hand. This was also a college party so it wasn’t like he could invite Dean to go with him.
They finally let him go on a Friday afternoon after he’d spent 3 weeks at the hospital. Once he was discharged and they left with him in a wheelchair, he’d realized that they weren’t going back to the house they lived in, they were going to Bobby’s. Dean was so grateful for it that he cried when he was taken to the room that him and his brother would share until Bobby had done the needed repairs on the other guest room so Dean could have a room of his own.
He kept his movements sharp, and fast hoping not to create too much noise. But this caused the build up with him to grow fast. He bent over Castiel’s torso as best as he could, holding his shoulders and using them to pull him backwards to meet his thrusts. Castiel was losing his mind now, he tried to stay as quiet as he could. Where screams would fly freely he had to reduce them to little whimpers instead. Dean was moving at a relentless pace, far different from how he’d been a few nights prior, but he loved it just the same.
“Well that’s new. Basement is usually the spot for stuff like this.” He scoffed.
A light knock on his door letting him know Castiel was finally there. He practically tore the door off the hinges to see the younger man standing in front of him. He wore a gray hoodie that fit kind of snugly and a pair of dark jeans that also fit nice on his long, slim legs. His hair was tousled in every imaginable direction and Dean loved it. Taken back by his beauty he just kind of stood there awkwardly.
He scooped up the baby and sat next to Dean. His attention was fully on his phone now, laughing at whatever the text read. Sam looked at him half amused and half concerned for his brother. He was never much of a texter and now his fingers were flying across the screen like a pro.
His thoughts spun to Cas, he was out with that Balthazar guy. Apparently experiencing the mall for the first time. Thinking of the British prick made his chest itch. He didn’t dislike him per say, he just got a weird feeling around the man. Charlie had said that feeling wasn’t just a hunter’s instinct. She had it in her head for years that Dean had a gift, and could practice if he really wanted to. Magick wasn’t his cup of tea though, would much rather get his hands dirty on the front lines. She wasn’t just all about the magick though, a freaking wizard with anything technology. That’s why he had her looking into Balthazar. If this dude was a danger to Cas then he was enemy number one to him.
“I texted Dean, silly. He said he wasn’t over here so I came.”
“And I reiterate that they can kiss. My. Ass.”
“How’s it hanging buttercup?” she greeted him.
“Pick your poison boys!” Gabe shouted while holding up a bottle of whiskey and vodka.
He took the risk of paying for a full month, having a good feeling about it. The woman at the front desk was all manners of lovely, she exuded this intense maternal energy that he was instantly drawn too. It was an energy similar to his mothers, which was why he allowed himself to openly meet eyes with this woman. Her aura was slightly different though, where his mother’s was very mellow in its intensity, like a warm blanket that wrapped around you in times of need, this woman’s was like a support force that could pick you up when you have fallen. Castiel certainly felt like he fell, and being in this woman’s company had lightened his load if only for a little while. She didn’t seem to have the same response that other people had when his eyes met theirs, she’d simply given him her name, Mary. They talked for a little bit while she put in his information for his stay. Usually places like these asked for a home address, but she didn’t. She told him how she lived in town and that he’d enjoy his time here, little bits of small talk floated between them and it was refreshing not to immediately be taken into a heavy conversation. As she gave him the key to the room they parted with one last bit of information.
“Hmm. I’d say the sunburn so that I can rub you down with aloe to sooth you.”
“Are you alright? You seem stressed.” Cas took his omelet that Dean had sat on a plate.
Dean was never good at letting others take care of him, but the way Cas soaped up his washcloth and rubbed every part of him he couldn’t help but lean into it. He was gentle, oh so gentle rubbing the subs along his back, then following it up with a hand to rub at each muscle. Dean could get behind a massage and shower combo. Cas turned him around until his back was against his chest as he washed up Dean’s torso. The further down he got, the more he leaned on the other man, sinking in the touches along his skin. His erection stood at full attention, but was going ignored as Cas now applied shampoo to his hair. He rubbed his fingers, using his blunt nails to scrub his entire scalp.
Cas wriggled in his arms until he lifted his head and giving Dean the smallest smile he’d ever seen on the man. He strained his neck to kiss his boyfriend’s chapped lips. They might look dry, but they’re the softest pair of lips he’s ever had the pleasure to kiss. Sure Cas was hot and all, of course Dean wanted to ravage his body until he was a writhing mess, but the kisses they shared were far more important than any other physical contact they could share. Dean never thought such a careless gesture could mean so much, but the more he kissed Castiel the more it meant to him. When the hell had he become such a sap?! These thoughts never arose with any of his exes, even Lisa who he was 5 seconds from proposing to. Even though they were technically in the beginning of their relationship it felt so much older than it was.
“I’m fine Sam. The cold shower wasn’t necessary.”
With a confident stride the man walked towards the counter, maintaining eye contact the entire time. The store was void of any other customers and his shift was twenty minutes from being over, so he’d finished all his tasks. Missouri was still with a client. There was nothing to stop him with conversing with this beautiful man.
“Gotta…clean all my other toys.”
Dean has nice hands. He found himself distracted by them. Soft yet worn from manual labor. He could see the callouses on his knuckles, but the rest of the skin looked smooth. Castiel wondered what kind of work he did that his knuckles were so rough. He was so taken with the man’s hands it took him a minute to realized he’d been asked a question.
88888888
“Oh gosh I’m sorry.” He scrambled with his things looking around finally discovering everyone had left.
“John what the hell?” Bobby rushes over with his wife following close behind.
“Yeah I hear you, but you gotta eat it. I didn’t even do anything for you to start throwing stuff at me.”
“I see no issue with our date as it is Dean. I’m having a lovely time.” He smiled, pushing a pillow out of the way to sit at Dean’s side.
“I’ll have to see if my boyfriend is able to drive me as I don’t have a car right now.”
“Alright well let’s set up some ground rules for this thing.”
”Dean grief! You didn’t have to buy all this!”
Hello all! Another chapter this week. This is probably one of my favorite chapters so I hope you enjoy it as well. So much fluff for this one. Happy reading!
They pulled into the restaurant parking lot and Dean ran to the other side to once again open the door for him. He shook his head and chuckled at it this time.
He doesn’t want this. Why can’t Dick tell he doesn’t want this? The guys holding his legs let go with one hand, each reaching into their pants and taking out their own erections and began stroking at the sights set out for them. Castiel is panicked and disgusted.
“No he certainly would not.” He pulled out of the other man’s grasp.
Dean had to admit he was a little jealous of him though. Cas was so much himself no matter where he was and who he was with. He guessed that’s what happens when all your early development takes place outside of such a flawed society. It wasn’t a confidence thing per say, he was sure the man felt at least a little self-conscious for not knowing certain things. It was the face that he was so unapologetic about it, always using his lack of knowledge as a learning opportunity instead of shying away from it. He has such a tight grasp on personal freedom that Dean doesn’t. But being around the man so much, he’s learning to try.
“You’re right Cas. That’s why I just wanted to be around you. You don’t remind me of him at all. But I shouldn’t have abandoned my family, especially not Sam. I mean he was there that night.”
“Morning.”
“Charlie,” He tried to ignore whatever was happening across from him and focus on his friend, “How’d you sleep last night?”
Cas stood in the November air with his scarf wrapped around his neck, chest, and half his face. Dean had went home without him, Cas telling him he was meeting up with Charlie for a study session, which was only half a lie. He didn’t like lying to Dean, but he couldn’t exactly share the truth with him since the topic being discussed involved Dean.
“I’m just—this is strange but thank you.”
“Breadsticks.” Dean held one up and laughed.
“Let’s give that to Gabe.” Dean chuckled returning to the present.
Dean took a long gap of silence before deciding to answer. His cheery expression morphed into something dark and twisted. Like he was suddenly on high alert from any possible danger.
.” He spat angrily.
“Heya Cas what’s up.”
It took some rearranging, but Dean’s legs were now on top of his and bracketing Castiel’s hips. Dean slid forward as close as he could to get their groins together. Not wasting anymore time he grasped Dean’s cock and stroked it back to full hardness. Hands on each other moving furiously, free hands grabbing necks and carding through hair. Dean pulled the hair on top of his head to expose his neck which he immediately began kissing. Teeth scraped against the tender skin near his ear, giving Castiel a sense of intensity that he hadn’t known before. This was the roughest they’ve ever been with one another, the pain in his scalp was giving him satisfaction and that confused him. He would address it later if he still had two brain cells to rub together after this.
He paused.
“Hey Ma.” Dean greeted Mary as he walked in.
“You give me way too much credit Cas.” Dean squeezed his arm around Cas’ waist and kissed the top of his head.
“I have one more question. Will I be able to touch you?”
“You mean drinking until you black out cause you want to avoid something?”
Castiel knew Dean was going to go on and on about this so he shut him up with his own mouth. Their lips crashed together and tangled. He used his tongue swiping across Dean’s bottom lip asking for him to open up. He loved the taste of Dean. His lips, his tongue, his skin, everything about Dean was so damn sweet. If he could he’d taste him every minute for eternity, but neither of them had that kind of time or resources. Plus breathing was kind of important….like now. Castiel pulled back only a little, barely a breath sat between them.
“Just ask me already and quit your stallin’!” Missouri called out to him.
“Even the amateur ones?”
He felt his face heating up against his permission at the man’s admission. Of course he was a caregiver, he was so close to his mother that he just adopted that way about her and let it warm through his entire personality. Even watched over Sam like it was his 6-figure paying full time job. His father had made him a quick thinking soldier, but his mother wrapped all of that with love. Cas didn’t always have a way with words, but when he did they were offered with such truth and gentle conviction, often leaving Dean speechless.
Another long pause sat between them.
Dean: your peers can’t spell
“I’m aware of it, have been for most of my life.”
“Are you planning to make Christmas dinner?”
Whenever.
“Don’t you say that to him.” Sam growled. “Don’t you dare say that.”
“Hate to say it Mama Winchester, but I kind of side with Dean on this one.” Charlie tuned in.
“You enjoying yourself buddy?”
To spare Dean further embarrassment about his helpless ‘mother henning’ he simply smiled and did what was asked of him.
“How does 7 sound?” he sat on the couch trying to get his nerves under control.
“Dean? That you?” he heard his brother’s half sleeping call from the other room.
“It’s kinda funny though,” he paused to let out a chuckle at Castiel’s confused expression, “I kinda wanted to ask you out a while ago, but now that I know you’re taken—“
“Shut your bitch ass up. We were talking.” He grabbed Sam in a headlock.
Seeing the man in the bar last night, he didn’t have a lot to go on, except for dark hair and blue eyes. His dad couldn’t have been vaguer if he tried. It was Dean’s intuition, and the little they had to go off of the guy that led him to the right dude. No one in a 30-mile radius would walk into the Roadhouse in a damned trench coat, let alone someone so high on the gorgeous scale. He didn’t even have a type, but after seeing this dude he just might. The individual features by themselves weren’t anything to write home about, but in the combination that made up this man it almost rendered Dean speechless. The fork in a socket hair, the space blue eyes, and the gorgeous body he was convinced was under that coat. The man was far more than just a face. It all spelled out to a beautiful man that was eons out of Dean’s league.
Castiel didn’t know what to say to the genuine compassion Dean showed to him so he nodded and gave a smile of his own.
“No,” he cried, “Need you to touch me.”
“I might do just that.” He smiled.
“So Cas—Gabriel told me you’re gonna edit the video.”
“Yes.”
“Yeah come on let’s get out.”
“I hope you don’t mind it hot. I figure it could help loosen you up a bit.”
“From what Mary told me it’s fairly small, one bedroom with a living room bathroom, and kitchen.”
“Dean has treated me exceptionally well. You needn’t worry about that.”
*                             *                             *                             *                             *                             *
“We got time Cas. No rush whatsoever.” He slid to sit in the man’s lap.
He silently followed Sam and watched as the man gave him thorough instructions on how to heat up a bottle and how to feed Mark. Castiel was more than a little weary to be alone and entirely responsible for such a tiny person. His knowledge about children was severely limited.
“You sure you’re up for doing all that?” he smirked.
“You sound surprised,” his eyes slid to him before returning to the road, “Was he alright?”
“What’d you tell him?” He could feel heat piling in his gut.
Castiel chastised himself for texting for too long and dove back into his books despite the buzzing from Dean sending several more messages. He liked being on top of everything he could control in his life now that he had that power. It was freeing to have your own life in your hands. He hadn’t shared this feeling with anyone fearing that he’d be seen as weird for that, but with his upbringing it was certainly true.
“That sounds pretty cool Cas.” He smiled.
“Yeah that is kind of funny when you put it like that.” Dean finally saw the humor in it all laughing along with Castiel.
He had several pairs lying on his bed while he stood commando in a pair of sweatpants with his hands on his hips, and deep in thought. So when he heard a knock at his room door he was startled and flipped his bedspread over to hide his underwear debate.
Balthazar stepped back, clutching his chest as if he was burned. Eyebrows furrowed, mouth slack and hanging open, he looked hurt and shocked. As he should. Just then, the loud rumbling of a very familiar vehicle filled the street with its threatening sound. To Castiel it was the sound of respite.
“Gabriel you must stop pacing. It’s driving me mad.”
They talked for who knows how long, catching up on everything that happened while they were apart. Fell asleep like two teens with a budding romance, Castiel forgot to plug his phone in that night, and woke up extremely late the next morning.
*                             *                             *                             *
“Unfortunately that would seem so.”
“Yes.” Castiel answered hesitantly.
*                             *                             *
“Woah!” Ash cooed. “Haven’t seen Dean this protective in a long time. He must be a keeper.”
*		*		*		*
“You’ve gotta get it together then. Maybe a beer or two would help.”
“Yeah we’ll have to trick him into it somehow.” Dean chuckled reaching into the fridge for some beers.
He slid his arms around his neck and placed a peck on his lips. Dean melted into his arms scooting forward on the stool. He was eager and he didn’t want to tease the other man too much knowing he wasn’t willing to go all the way just yet. He pulled back and stared into those gentle green eyes. Dean looked so beautiful just sitting there like that ready to be devoured. Cas truly couldn’t help himself and he dove in for another kiss. The tang of the citrus drink was ripe on his lips mixed heavenly with a taste that was solely Dean.
“If you want it to be.”
Dean smirked at this grateful for the darkness of the room so Cas wouldn’t flash him his normal squinty frown he only used when Dean acted cockier than usual.
Gosh why was he so scared to talk to the man. He was just a person after all. A very sexy, slightly famous person, but that should be irrelevant to someone like Castiel. Dean isn’t the first celebrity to meet, just the type of celebrity he was.
“Building is old, but it’s got good bones, as my husband would say. You can’t hear anything happening in the shop and vice versa.”
“Cas, this is my brother Sam, Sam this is my boyfriend Cas.” He felt bad about carrying on an entire conversation without including the cute man standing there with a clueless look on his face.
“I don’t think so. If it was something serious I’m sure he would’ve said so.”
“I didn’t—expect you to want to be with me after that.”
“Yeah I ate at Sam’s place. Dude can’t cook so I made his helpless ass some lasagna.” Dean stood and followed Cas to the entryway.
The 3 men sat around on the couches, Cas leaning close to Dean. He poured a glass for each of them and kept them filled the second they got empty. By the 3
“Cassie I really think you should go with the red. It’s much more suited for you.”
“You could put it on your ass too and I’d lick it just the same.”
There just wasn’t enough time in the world right now to prepare Castiel for what he was going to do to himself. He was welcomed in someone’s home, their safe space, a sanctuary if you will. These people were genuinely interested in having him as a guest, this was new for him. Spending a half hour trying to figure out what to wear, not that he had much, but the combinations were endless. Settling finally on a dark gray turtleneck and black jeans he deemed himself presentable enough, even if the collar of the shirt was a little worn from years of overuse.
“Well aren’t y’all just cute.” She smiled. “You guys really compliment each other. I ship it.”
“Dean.” He let that final word slip his lips before he was crushed in a hug by the other man.
8888888888
“I’m well Dean how are you?”
“Well damn.” He breathed.
“How bout we take all this off sweetheart?”
*                             *                             *                             *
“You don’t need to tell me twice. I’d never let other people know about that.”
How did this girl know who Dean was? Had Cas been talking about him to her? Were there good things he had to say about Dean? Was this girl his girlfriend? He read that email 12 times to see if he had any creepy errors in there before he sent it.
That’s a new one. One he would swallow for much later.
“Will we be going on another date Dean?”
“Have you shared that with him?” she questioned with a judgemental eye brow raised.
“And what will you do to stop me?” He talked with his back to Dean putting the full bottles in the cabinet and the half bottle in the fridge, throwing out the empty. “You don’t have to talk about it. You don’t need to tell me what happened. We don’t even have to talk at all. But what you will not do is drink yourself into a coma.” His voice was firm, heavier than Dean had ever heard him. He was dead serious and the baritone in his voice made Dean shutter a little, but he didn’t back down. Alcohol has a way of making him fearless.
“I’m pretty sure I don’t want to dive into that pool. But to answer your question, yes we won.”
“You two met already?” Mary asked smiling.
Dean sighed. With his brothers guess being spot on he had no choice but to talk about this. Escaping an emotional talk with Sam was like trying to avoid looking at a train wreck. It’s horrible, but you can’t not watch.
Dean wrapped Castiel up like he was ready to protect him from the whole world. He put all his strength into that hug. Castiel could hardly move. His arms were pinned up at his side. The mug threatening to fall from his hand. To be honest he didn’t really want to move. This was the complete opposite of the reaction he was sure to get.
“If you’re so damn tired then why didn’t you come see me for the rest of break huh? You did the last time something happened with my dad. What changed this time?” Dean was starting to get loud and defensive, and that only fueled Castiel’s annoyance. Dean knew he was picking a fight to avoid the real thing. This was his m.o. He was just as bad at letting someone in as he was with coping. Dean was hoping a fight would start, they’d argue for a little, he would take his out, and they’d never have to confront the issue head on.
“I didn’t mean to! I meant to just put a regular, friendly smiley face. Then I hit send before I could correct it.”
“It’s cool Cas. If you guys don’t mind then I don’t mind.”
Annnnnd here's the second chapter as promised! There's some sexy times in this one so be forewarned. Not really any other warnings in this one. As always thanks for the many comments and kudos! I really appreciate it and all that! Follow me on tumblr at fanofthephire if you wanna see my obsessions! Happy reading!!! xoxo
He was now tied with his arms at his front and his legs were tied together, plus he was laying down. He was much more comfortable like this, except for the fact that how his mouth was gagged again and his eyes were covered. By the random bumps and interval like stopping he could tell he was in some sort of vehicle. Where in the hell were they taking him??! He tried to ignore the swelling dread within him, and the fact that there wasn’t enough air in here. He couldn’t panic. Not now. He decided to think of Dean and what he would say if he were here right now. Of course he wouldn’t be in this situation if Dean was here, but that wasn’t the point.
“Um—” she paused.
Castiel read it at least 8 million times before it registered. Winky face? Had Dean really put a winky face? What the hell does that even mean? Castiel’s drain flashed to when they left his office and Dean had winked at him about the exam answers. His thoughts seem to attract another another part of his body. His dick swelling with blood and excitement at the thought of Dean winking seductively only for him. He tried to will it away hoping his erection would falter. He would not masturbate to filthy thoughts of his professor. That would just solidify the dangerous crush that formed the minute he laid eyes on the man. Not tonight. Not tomorrow night. Not ever. It took a while for Castiel to fall asleep that night.
Dick tried to shove back, he was brave for that in Kevin’s mind. If he saw Dean in the street and didn’t know him, with that look on his face, he’d run the other way. Despite him though Dean kept his hold on Dick and proceeded to body slam him onto the floor. Kevin’s eyes shot to what else was now happening in the room. A few other officers had now come into the room and the goons were cuffed and being escorted out. Dean was on top of Dick and throwing blow after blow on the man’s face. He looked terrifying, like nothing else in the world was as important as turning the man into a bloodied pulp.
“Honestly. It’s not me I’m scared for. I’m not the same as I was back then, it’s Cas I’m worried about. He’s seen and heard enough.”
“You need me to come inside?”
“I’m glad you like it.”
“You want it harder baby? Want me to pound you good?” Dean breathed right into his ear.
Like a bat out of hell he jetted out of that meeting room without another thought for anyone else. Normally he’d stick around, trying to be friendly with his new coworkers, but today was not that day. The headquarters of this magazine was about a half hour drive away from his home. That was way too long for his lack of patience right now, but he had no choice but to endeavor.
Dean had been playing the guitar every chance he had since he got it. He serenaded Castiel at least 5 times before he finally dropped him off at his house. With several kisses goodbye and promises to see each other later. The scene that unfolded in front of him when he walked in the front door made him want nothing more than to immediately retreat back to Dean. He knew he couldn’t as he heard the Impala’s engine sound farther and farther away.
“Well I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced.” She smiled, setting down the burger he’d gotten the last few times he’d been here.
He should’ve known Sam would be the only one to treat him so abrasively. His skin was going numb, but all in all it actually felt good. The sweat from the alcohol and overall stress was being washed away. The bottom of the tub was starting to fill and because of body heat it was much warmer than the icicles that were falling from above. The contrasting temperatures were doing his body good. He looked up at his brother to find him with his arms crossed in front of his chest and a disapproving gaze on his face. Dean was in for it now.
Finally gathering his thoughts he crawled out of bed ready to start his day. He texted Cas letting him know he was up and that he would come get him once the pies were in the oven since they did those last. Thinking about the enormous gift he got his boyfriend, with Chuck’s help, he was now made of excitement. He just hoped Cas would be as delighted as he was.
A loud knocking at the door let Dean know that this time it was actually his brother. He opened the door and looked at the site of his ruffled hair.
“It’s ok you can touch me Dean. I want you to.” He tried pushing his fears aside.
“Thank you for the feedback Dean.”
“Fuck!” he cried out and erupted all over Castiel’s hand.
Dean: it’s ok. Some friend of Cas’ is totally flirting with him. Pissing me off
“You won’t Cassie. You won’t.”
“You’ll see come on.”
Cas convinced himself that he would initiate their first time over the weekend and unfortunately the weekend came all too soon. Friday evening after his last class Dean texted him asking if he’d come over for dinner. Castiel couldn’t say no to the man, especially with his intended plans for the night. He now found himself in his room trying to find the perfect underwear to wear for the night. He knew Dean wouldn’t care one bit what underwear he should wear, but he was nervous, and to his nervous brain this was something worth thinking about.
888888888888888888
“Yeah he came by the Roadhouse last night. I was just there talking to Ellen and decided to bother Jo for a little bit.”
“Whatever you want angel.” He patted his thigh.
day he sent him a text, telling him to meet him at the roadhouse so they could talk. He picked the roadhouse for several reasons, the first one being that it was a place that Balthazar would never think to go to, second it was familiar to Castiel, and lastly they knew him there. If things got out of hand he knew Jo and Ellen would have his back.
“There you have it. You know the first thing not to do with a baby.”
Dean took his hand off his shaft and gripped both of Castiel’s hips off the bed and more into his lap so he could hit that special spot within the man. Once he put forth that first thrust, hitting it spot on Cas’ eyes shot open and his mouth formed into an ‘o’ as he gasped in surprise immediately following up with a knee buckling moan.
*		*		*		*
“How do you like working for Missouri?” John asked, immediately eyeing Dean for approval of the subject change.
“Yes.”
“Hurry. I need coffee too. And by the sound of your voice so do you.”
“Not a public one.”
Dean thought.
“I’m good Sam. Cas came over and I got a little distracted.” He sighed.
“I’m still at the club. I’m no longer comfortable being here, but I’m ok.”
“You know he’s still resisting retirement.”
“Yes.” He answered finding it was useless to lie to the other man.
Castiel removed the garment, sliding it down his legs and off his ankles. Using the remaining oil on his hands he kneaded into the meaty flesh before him. He did this for a while, enjoying how labored Dean’s breath got the longer he carried on. It was now or never, he thought as he leaned forward. He started with a kiss, and delighted by the gasp of breath Dean took. Peppering more and more kisses, getting sloppier as he goes. The smell is subtle, not what he thought it would be, just a higher intensity of Dean’s natural earthy smell. He let his tongue roll out and instead of little kitten licks like the man in the video he just moved the underside of his tongue from his hole towards his taint. The amount of saliva was getting out of hand, but he completely ignored it. All of his focus was on the squirming Dean was doing, and the heavy breathing that was now flowing constantly. Strong, bowed leg muscles constricted in intervals at his ministrations.
“Castiel, come in out of that cold.” She opened the door and immediately ushered him in. “I told you I could’ve given you a ride.”
“Cas?” he turned around to see the smiling face of Sam Winchester. “Hey man how are you?”
“Sorry about that weird wink face. It was supposed to be a smile. I pressed the wrong button.”
“Hey babe. Why do you look out of breath?”
“Would you ever drop one? Like on purpose?”
She started the car and peeled out of the parking lot. It took every fiber of self control in her not to run his ass over. She glanced over to see Castiel finally letting the tears go. He sobbed into his hand, the ugly painful kind of cry that comes from deep within. His whole day plummeted with his decaying mood. Castiel felt he should’ve expected this. It always rains after the sun shines.
In the car Dean offered him once last glance before starting the car and turning on his music, then pulling onto the road.
Sam handed Dean little Mark who was now sleeping after his feeding to retrieve his phone to make the call. Dean was now wrecked with nerves. He was about to ask Cas to hangout with him and his meddling brother. Sam meant well and he knew that, but this was a pretty delicate situation. Sure Cas was into dudes, but that didn’t mean that he would be into Dean. Maybe he was just really awkwardly friendly. It’s not like Dean had a lot going for him that would cause the guy to be head over heels for him.
“8 o clock. Back lot. Got it babe.”
Castiel walked over to the seating and sat next to Charlie sighing and keeping his head low. His mind still burned with the need to know what had happened between Dean and his father that he had such an aversion towards meeting with him. He honestly felt bad about the need to know being so strong when he had his own issues that he wasn’t sure he was ready to share with Dean. He went through the lighter details of his Dean filled weekend, carefully glossing over the more….risqué parts and laughed as Charlie blushed and giggled like the little school girl she was. He flawlessly skipped over the parts of the morning and sighed when Charlie was satisfied with the tale that he whipped up to replace what actually happened.
He picked up his phone to find Balthazar sending him pictures from back home. They talked about his various trips around the world he had to take for his job. Castiel was truly fascinated by them as he had only ever been in America. Apparently, the man had to go back home for a time, to sort things out for his latest assignment. Balthazar’s actual job title wasn’t clear, but from what he gathered from their talks he was in business of sorts.
Dean quirked up his eyebrows at that. He never pegged Cas as a phone conversation kind of person. He stepped out of the kitchen into the living room and dialed his number. It rang a couple times then the line connected.
“New boyfriend?” he questioned keeping his tone light and question blunt.
Cas turned a tired eye towards him. Poor guy had obviously gone through hell for however long he was in Roman’s clutches. He was more than happy to deliver this piece of happiness to him.
“No. Don’t do that.”
“Alright, you just say the word and I’ll stop.”
“Almost.” Cas felt his breath catch in his throat.
Dean laughed as the memory of his Dad making the zombie apocalypse contraption. It was one of those rare times when his father was drunk off his ass but still pleasant, in the only way an ex-marine with alcoholism and being a single father can be pleasant.
“I’m sure he is. So you ready to make that leap?”
“Are you ready for tomorrow?”
At Dean’s words his body locked up, erupting over the fingers gripping him tight. He looked down to see the mess he made, Dean letting out one final moan before he added to it. It was erotic, sensational, and everything in between. They slowly came down, trading soft kisses and equally soft touches. He broke away from Dean for a minute to grab him a tissue.
“Cassie! Grief what are you doing out here?”
“Yes Gabe.” He chuckled. “Music and the whole nine.”
“Its just Balthazar.” He replied.
*                             *                             *                             *                             *                             *
“Sweet boy huh?”
“I’m enjoying my stay.”
He wondered if Dean took that job that he was so against. Maybe he was due for another shoot with Gabriel. These were all questions that he could ask the man himself if he could gather the courage to send a simple text. What would be even start with? A simple hello just seemed too plain, nothing would come of that. He could go straight for the point and ask when was the next time they could see each other whether in his apartment or another more public space. Castiel found he was happy with either. He wasn’t just interested in Dean’s body after all. Underneath all the irresistible glory was an interesting man that he wanted to get to know.
Look let’s just finish this up so we can report back to Gramps.”
“You gonna walk away from me now? Act like you don’t know me?”
“Don’t apologize Dean. I’m sure the call from your dad was stressful. I’m here if you need me.”
They had breakfast an reminisced about last night. Dean knew how not thrilled he was going into it but was glad that he eventually enjoyed himself. Thankfully the man let him know that while they had events often this was the only one that was mandatory, therefore, the only one he showed to. The topic of the slimy man came up of course, he now learned his name was Alistair.
Eyes on the screen he held the remainder of his laughter back with a deep breathe. Nothing much was happening, the girls were all gathered in some sort of sitting room and given tea and cookies. There was nothing wrong with what they were doing, it was just the pretentious air about it that made him roll his eyes. She was giving the girls a talk about the importance of witch solidarity, which in theory sounded nice, but when you were the mother of a crossroads demon that was prone to double crossing and making shady deals, your opinions can hardly be trusted. Especially by those who had full intentions to do good.
“That’s awesome Cas. It smells real good in here.” He picked up his duffle. “I’m just gonna change first.”
“Eh.” Is her simple reply before she returns to the monitor in front of her.
Dean rose from his seat and approached Castiel. There he stood in front of his stool slightly taller looking than usual. Castiel’s eyes lined up with the strong chest in front of him, he looked up seeing raw desire written all over Dean’s face. He reached out and placed a hand on his chest feeling the muscle twitch under his touch.
Oh my. This was the problem with talking on the phone. Dean expected an answer immediately. Before he could think any further about it, he’d agreed to it. This seemed to be happening a lot lately.
“Of course there is.” He licked his lips. “Enjoying your cone?”
“Yes I do.”
He bends forward and puts his mouth to the head and sucks slowly. Castiel’s body betrays him once again and he lets out a moan.
“I don’t think I wanted to talk to his new chew toy. I’m pretty sure I addressed him.”
“That was pretty cheesy dude.” Dean laughed softly. He placed a kiss on Cas’ lips then leaned his head back to take in the sight of his face. His lips were parted and his cheeks were flush like they had been in the club the other night. Dean took in so much pleasure just staring at the beautiful man in front of him.
“You know this ‘serious talks after oral sex’ is becoming quite the habit.”
“Cassie! Darling what’s going on?”
*		*		*		*
“That’s not important.” He spoke with a voice of indifference. “I have a date to go on.”
“That’s good. Sammy and I use to watch these a whole bunch when we were kids. I love the rawness of the west.”
“Um yeah I am.” He found Dean absolutely adorable when he was flustered. He decided not to hold back anymore. He grabbed at Deans belt loops and pulled him flush to his body.
Holy mother of all! He’d fallen asleep and forgot to set his alarm. Rushing out of bed to look for his clothes he realized he hadn’t set any out for their date tonight!
“Yes.”
Castiel complied, now filled with nervousness and excitement. Where they really going to have sex at school? He soon got his answer when he turned to face Dean and found him naked from the waist down. His shirt was fully unbuttoned and he was stroking at his thick, hard member.
Finally dressed in some gym clothes he sat down to tie his new running shoes on and decided it was a good time to check his phone. Emotions beyond glad overcame him as he glanced at the messages he’d received from Dean. It was a picture of the sunrise, all the beautiful warm hues, and the moon’s lingering image. It looked like a painting on Dean’s fancy smart phone and Castiel immediately saved the image to his own photos. Under it the caption read: Ain’t this a pretty country sunrise? Wish you were here to see it with me. For someone who claimed they weren’t good with words, Dean always managed to say the most genuine things to him. A small smile crept onto his face as he thought of what to say back. Their date was tonight and he was equal parts terrified and excited. His biggest hope was that he didn’t make a fool of himself. It was a small comfort that the man seemed highly understanding of his horrid people skills and lack of pop culture knowledge. With that in mind he replied: Looking forward to seeing the sunset with you tonight.
“It’s a possibility. I’ve never been in contact with such a creature, but from what you’ve told me I can draw that conclusion.”
“Oh…Dean.” He whimpered.
“What is with you two!? I raised you both better than this.” John backed up as the brother’s stood shoulder to shoulder. They looked like a man shaped boulder, ready to tear down anything that opposed them.
“Oh I’m a professor.”
“I think it was mainly frustration because I didn’t know how you felt about me.”
“Already to curl into me for the night?” Dean chuckled as his fingers scratched at the hair on the back of his head.
“Um yes. Why do you ask?”
“Oh yeah I forgot you had other siblings. Which one is this?”
I'm not sure what happened, but this popped into my head. Yet another dose of plot in my porn. Hope you enjoy!!
“Let’s get out of here Dean.” Charlie said sheepishly.
“Like sleep here?” Dean stopped in his tracks looking at Castiel with wide eyes.
As a child and throughout most of his adult life he thought it was somehow his fault, he had a habit of internalizing everything that happened around him whether it had anything to do with him or not. Self-blaming was in his nature, ingrained into the fibers of his being. He’d gotten better as he got older, but not by much. Now he was pacing in front of the back porch, where Sam sat on the steps with his hands folded in his lap and his lip between his teeth. He knew Dean was about to explode, hell Dean knew he was going to explode, but he found it within himself not to. Sam was only trying to help, and he knew that, but it didn’t make Dean any less angry. Sam always did have the greatest intentions laced in the stupid things he did. This was bad, but maybe it wasn’t all bad. Dean took his father’s confession to seeking actual help with a grain of salt amidst a field of doubt, but the hope was there nonetheless. Love did that to people, even one very angry and anxious Dean Winchester.
“That stupid mythology class I have to take. The professor is way too attractive. I’m going to fail.”
“First of all I am dressed, second I don’t think I want to go anymore.”
“Cas—he didn’t show up last night.”
Dean didn’t count them, didn’t really see what he was taking. He just took a heaping amount and tried to shove them down his throat as fast as he could. Once he was done he threw the bottles in anger, all the pills scattering across the floor in sharp sounds. He resumed his place on the floor, feeling his body growing heavy. He wasn’t tired per say, just numb enough that he couldn’t really feel his self anymore.
“John not now! This aint a good time for you to be popping up here!”
His hands roamed up and down his arms, along his chest, in his hair. He wanted to feel Dean wherever he could reach. It took him a while to realize Dean wasn’t touching him the same way. He paused their kissing and opened his eyes to see one of Dean’s hands on the mattress holding him up and the other between his legs. Dean was prepping himself. His lust blown eyes were focused on Castiel and his kiss stained lips hung open.
“Yeah well money talks louder than morals sunshine. From what I hear he’s been on his best behavior, but he hits me and my manager up constantly about getting a chance to film with me.”
“Does the main office have cool air?”
“It’s been acting funny and I didn’t want to take the chance of trying to do a paper on it.”
“It’s ok. How are you Dean?”
“Well when I changed you I….um….didn’t think you would mind. But if it’s not ok I could just put my jeans back on.” He slowly backed his face away from Dean’s.
“No my dad lives with me, but he’s away on a doctor’s conference and won’t be back till Monday.”
I have no idea where all of this is coming from, but here we are! My muse is in a weird spot right now, so......yup. Hope you enjoy!
“Not my fault he tried to kill himself!”
Several minutes later and he was faced with Dean in a suit. His gut swell with all the fuzzy feelings possible and something else dark and primal rang through as well. Dean looked incredible in all black. His tie matched his eye and it took a God level amount of self-control not to tug Dean inside and forget all about dinner.
“You could’ve gotten me a pair of socks and they’d be the most beloved socks I own.” He chuckled, trying to lighten the heavy mood this was forming.
The loss of Jess hit everyone hard. She died in childbirth while having little Mark, only holding him for a few minutes before slipping away. Sam was a wreck, but Dean was there to help pick up the pieces. Their schedules in sync so they could take turns caring for the child. This was Dean’s weekend to care for him. He was about to turn a year old in a couple of days. Dean even planned his birthday party, not letting Sam have any say in the matter. He liked the idea of throwing a little shindig for the guy and happily let Dean take over. Dean wanted to celebrate him as well as distract Sam since his child’s birth was also Jess’ death anniversary.
888888888888888888888888
“You’re staring Dean. What’s on your mind?”
“Um—“
“Yes?” he turned his head.
“But nothing, this isn’t on you. You came for me and defended me, and I love you for it Dean.”
Castiel walked into the library itching with nervousness. He’d never done a study group before. He’s been invited, but he’d always found a way to get out of it. Throughout his grade school days and his first year of college he’d always studied on his own. Charlie was the only one he ever felt comfortable to be around him when he got to it. He wasn’t one of those people that needed music or something to distract him or motivate him, he preferred absolute silence.
“Oh um—compensation.”
He mentally relived the thoughts of that morning. He had been quite cold to Castiel especially when he went to leave. He couldn’t help it. It was in him to run away from anything emotional, to lock up his mind’s doors when it came to discussing himself. Surface things being exposed didn’t bother him in the slightest, but when you got skin deep he just couldn’t do it. It was even difficult to expose himself to his own brother. Every time he lost something he just buckled down and rolled with the punches. Did it pain him to be like that? Of course, a sensation that constantly racked his core and he’d only let himself crack when he was in the confines of his apartment. To be that vulnerable in front of anyone stirred up sheer panic, just the thought of it happening sped up his breathing and caused that all too familiar tightness in his chest to well up inside him. He had felt just that when Cas decided to ask again what happened between Dean and his father. He quit and he fled. His usual tactics still strong after all these years.
That’s why he had to decline his invitation tonight. Charlie, Gilda, and one of her hunter friends from a few towns over were going to get the text from Rowena. His spunky red-head had gotten in contact with the witch that had the had the text. They literally just needed one spell from it and they’d be on their way, but Rowena was adamant that they’d come get it themselves. Dean wasn’t fine with it and neither was Sam, but Dad and Bobby felt they could handle it so without a choice they had to back their play.
“Oh no no you don’t get to blame it on him. I’m only a phone call away and I haven’t even received that much.”
“I’ve got a lot to lose on this one lil bro. If I fuck this up I’m basically destroying my career and tainting others.”
“Sure. Let me just text my friend. She’s usually my ride.” He sat back down hurriedly scooping his phone out his bag.
Dean pulled off only long enough to speak.
“You look like an accountant super hero.” He chuckled as Cas got in the car.
“Boyfriend? Wow haven’t heard that word out of you in a long time.” He watched as his brother shook the other man’s hand. “How’d he rope you into a relationship? Better get out while you can.”
Unknown: he let himself be touched.
“Close your eyes Dean, I’m gonna wash it out.” He whispered in his ear, flicking his tongue at the lobe.
“Why must you always ruin a good thing Castiel!” he hollered.
“No I just really um wanted to see you.” He spoke with his head down refusing to meet Dean’s eyes
After that night they continued their friendship like normal, only with much more kissing than it involved previously. Dean could actually see himself having a relationship with the other boy, he just would never tell his dad. Johnathan was aware of Dean’s father being extremely homophobic, so when they were around him, they made sure to never touch and keep everything painfully platonic. Dean could tell it was putting a strain on Johnathan, but they really had no other choice.
“Maybe after dinner you should ask him out.”
“Yes.” he didn’t much life the inflections in his voice.
“You’ve been so into Dorothy we haven’t had time to sit down and talk.” He took a sip from his hot coffee.
“Well I don’t wanna give you the whole ‘if you hurt my brother speech’ but Dean is a great guy and doesn’t deserve to be jerked around. If for a minute you think you’re gonna change your mind, you need to let him go.”
“So you thought you’d bring me along to also have a terrible time. How thoughtful?” he spat, voice full of sarcasm. “Whoever Luke is to you, he’s an awful person. He attacked me in that bathroom!”
“I’m sorry I must admit that I’m a little nervous. I don’t want you to leave. It’s why I asked in the first place.” He turned down the covers and began getting into the bed.
“You like when I do that don’t you.”
Now he definitely was going to lose it. Dean speaking along with his endless pounding was going to finish him off.
888888888888888888888888888
“I missed you Cas.”
All of Dean’s inching brought them hip to hip where they sat on the tired living room couch. He’d been looking at Johnathan the whole time, while he’d been looking at the floor. He reached out a hand and touched the boys chin, turning it towards him until they were nose to nose. Dean wanted to take the dive, but he was scared to. There would be no going back from this and that worried him, so Johnathan took the plunge for him. Their lips slotted together in a comfortable, chaste kiss. It was honestly the softest and nicest kiss Dean had ever experienced. He rubbed his hand along the stubble on the other boy’s cheek. Besides the hair, kissing him was really no different than kissing a girl. They pulled back only momentarily before the heat rose between them and the kiss was much deeper this time. Dean pulled out all the stops, making sure he actually enjoyed this. He tugged at Johnathan’s bottom lip with his teeth, he sucked on his tongue, ran his fingers through his soft blonde hair. He was truly enjoying himself, as he felt the pangs of arousal run through him.
he kept repeating in his head.
“Yes Dean.”
The night air hit him as soon as he stepped outside. It was much chillier than it should have been considering how hot it was throughout the day. He ran back in to grab his corduroy jacket to battle against it. Before the end of the workday, Missouri had approached him asking if he could come by her house for a talk after closing. At first, he didn’t think anything of it, but as he was getting ready he realized he was being invited to his boss’ house. She is good friends with Mary and part of the Winchester clan, but it still felt odd going there. It was another quirk that made this town so different from the others. It was a bit of a walk away, and though she did offer him a ride, he’d declined. The night was nice enough, the sky so clear you could actually see the moon and stars. This was the kind of night he’d missed when he lived in large cities. All the air pollution and general chaos of the night life starting up made nights like these impossible. There was something so pure about a cloudless sky. He took comfort in the mostly quiet surroundings. Outside of the Roadhouse and that awful club the next town over there wasn’t much in the way of pubs and clubs.
“Sure.” He said handing his notebook to Dean.
*		*		*		*
he thought.
His eyes darted across all the masked faces within view, hoping that none of them would walk over to his little protective group. Things were going too well for it to crash and burn so suddenly. He felt sick to his stomach and the sudden need to get some air overwhelmed him.
“That’s the truth if I ever seen it.” John laughed. “So tell me son, how’s the teaching life going?”
“Trying to pursue this guy?”
“Are they of age?”
He was sweating…like a lot. He wanted nothing more than to strip out of that damned suit, but that would create distraction. He was dead set on getting this off his chest and if he didn’t do it now then he doubted he ever would. So now they sat on opposite sides of the couch with mugs of hot chocolate in hand and a cold silence hanging in the air. Dean didn’t speak cause he didn’t want to ruin whatever moment was transpiring between them now, and Castiel didn’t speak because he was terrified. His leg bounced nervously as he tried to find some bravery within him.
Chuck must’ve sensed his son’s rage and pushed him softly in the direction of the stairs.
“Dick what’s going on?”
Charlie stood leaning on the trunk of her car ready to happily tell Castiel about her day when she saw Dick jogging after him and she immediately went into battle mode.
“It was a requirement.” He looked down at his beer refusing to look Dean in the eye.
“You threatened my boyfriend.” He bellowed at his brother.
The shop he’d chosen was a short walk from his building so he opted not to bring out his car. He didn’t really need it, and the weather was nice enough. The leather jacket he’d chosen to wear over the teal button up was enough for early fall. He was a bit early so he’d gone in and ordered his own coffee and a couple pieces of apple pie that looked good. He’d hope the other man wouldn’t mind the treat, it was the first one that caught his eye and he really wanted it. A table towards the back corner was perfect, the booth across from it was even better. There weren’t many other patrons in the shop. The ones that were appeared to be college students, all huddled together on the opposite side where the charging stations were. It was quite amusing to see the web of different color cords weaved within one another. Just one false move and someone was going to trip, though he hoped they wouldn’t.
Dean spun around at that. He never took too kindly to being challenged into something that he didn’t want. It infuriated him that his brother thought he could just do and say whatever he wanted and Dean was just supposed to shut up and take it.
It didn’t sit right with Castiel that Dean had given him that wonderful dinner and bath time for their 6 month anniversary and he hadn’t done anything in return. He spoke about this with Balthazar, which of course the man jumped on the opportunity for them to go shopping together. The possibilities were endless on what Castiel could buy for him, but he couldn’t settle for just one. His friend would hardly be any help since he didn’t know Dean very well. He decided a good course of action would be to text Sam, see if he could offer some guidance. He’d suggested that he got Dean some clothes, that could work.
“I couldn’t help myself. You looked so damn cute just sitting here struggling.” He grabbed his own food. “Guess you’ll have to finish up when I’m not here huh?”
*                             *                             *                             *
“Alright. I’ll be in my office for a while, so just find me when you’re done and I’ll drive you home.”
Yes Gabriel just needed to add his two cents in. Even though it was highly unwanted and Castiel couldn’t even figure out why he was even in his room right now.
“Yes his general mythology lecture.”
“Yeah he’s 21.”
“So enough about obligation, what do you do for fun?”
“Hey Gabe you think you can drop me off at my place? I’ll get my car in the morning.”
“Can’t he read them on his own?”
The rest of their time hanging out was fun, but the things Charlie said stayed in the back of his mind. Of course when he got back to his home the first thing he looked up was rimming. He was appalled by the images he saw. Various men and women in different positions, with a partner or multiple people licking in between their cheeks. It was vulgar and obscene, and he didn’t understand why anyone would want to do that. Exiting the browser he locked his phone and left it in his bedroom in search of dinner.
“You bet your ass it’s my business! Go to hell and stay there!” she tore the driver’s side door open and hopped in.
“Saturday. I don’t want to get too heavy. It may scare him off.” Castiel stared down at his drink and half eaten croissant. There were a lot of things he should discuss with Dean, but he knew in his heart of hearts that he just couldn’t. Things between the two barely started and he was already staring off at the cliffs ahead.
“Nah Cas it’s cool. I don’t mind.” He rushed.
Dean: you know what don’t answer that. You sure it’s just you two?
“Please look at me Dean.” He groused.
“I’m assuming you’re here to see Dean.” She smiled like she found out his biggest secret.
Song for this chapter: Joji-Demons
“How can I help hon?”
“Oh no wonder you didn’t call me back.” He could hear Sam’s smirk through the phone and he wished he could reach through and smack him upside his head.
Castiel decided not to go for a walk tonight. He was too exhausted to put forth any more effort tonight. He’d gotten some tea bags and an electric kettle from the local grocery store, plus another book from Missouri. All tonight would consist of was tea and good reading in his warm bed. Oh and his phone of course. He’d gotten a text that he hadn’t had the chance to look at yet. See whenever he goes to a new town he gets a new burner. The only ones who had his current number were Missouri and Dean. Obviously she wouldn’t be texting him while he was already in the store so it had to be Dean responding to his question. The second his phone vibrated in his pocket he wanted to rip it out and finally get his answer, but he couldn’t, and now on his walk to the Inn he refused. He wanted to settle in first.
“You don’t have to go all out with it, but at least let him know you’re ok.”
“I do not understand what you’re sexuality has to do with the way Dean expresses humor.”
“Let’s sit and drink this tea.” He wormed out of the other man’s arms.
Dean lifted him up by his ass and sat him on the desk. He parted his legs and he kneeled on the floor looking up at Castiel the whole time. Dean wrapped a hand around his hard arousal and stroked him a few times before wrapping his lips around it. Sure Dean had done this countless times to several individuals, but it was never like this. He never enjoyed it like he did with Cas. All the little whimpers he made, the gasps that left his lips as Dean picked up the speed. The way he leaned back on the deck and tossed his head back as Dean rubbed circles in his thigh. The filthy moans that rang out when Dean took him all the way to the back of his throat. Past partners always came undone when Dean did this, but no one fell apart as beautifully as Castiel did. His fingers carded through Dean’s hair as he moaned his name like a promise. He began to tug letting Dean know he was close, and when the time came for Cas to crash and burn Dean took every drop and swallowed it down like water.
“Yes—um I thought they looked good and its fresh so—they bake all their treats in house.”
Cas: Oh alright then. See you around campus J
Unknown: he’s crying because he messed up
“No I don’t know everything there is to know about him. But what I do know is that you’re a piece of shit who needs to leave him the hell alone.”
1:02am Cas probably wised up and figured out Dean wasn’t worth it.
Dean laughed menacingly. This was getting ugly and Castiel felt utterly useless in way of stopping it. “Hate to disappoint, but you address him then you address me. He don’t wanna talk to you and that’s that.”
A sensation he was familiar with, but unaccustomed to waking up to. As his brain caught up to what was happening he looked down to find the pants and boxers he was wearing were around his knees and Dean’s head was between his legs. On a particularly strong amount of suction he had no choice but to moan at, the man finally noticed he was awake.
“Yes. I’m pretty sure nothing could top that.”
Dean was falling in love with this man.
“You snore Dean.”
Gabriel was many things, many annoying and selfish things, but for him to come to him on behalf of the well being of someone else meant Castiel should take this seriously. Now he was more than motivated to go to this event. If it was for Dean than he’d blunder his way through whatever painful small talk that was necessary.
Sam had gone out to get some things and once again left little Mark in Castiel’s care while Dean was in a meeting at the college. He was doing that more often, a way of showing him that he was truly part of the Winchester family now. Aside from all the crap with the trial Castiel had done what was even more important to him, he’d gotten back to being himself and spending more time with the people who cared for him. He made an effort to spend more time with his Father and Gabriel, they’d gone on a few weekend trips over the last few months. He’d spent more time with Sam as well, hanging out on days that Dean was busy, taking Mark to the park. He’d even gone to some of Charlie’s Larping meets.
“Cas What—”
Was he a student? He looked around Dean’s age.
888888888888888888888
Cas burrowed his eyebrows and his eyes darted left to right like he was thinking about a proper answer to Dean’s question.
“Chuck, sir, you didn’t have to give me this. This is a lot of money.”
“Sit up.”
“Did Missouri tell you—“
They’d finished eating so Castiel cleared the dishes away. Dean, of course, wanted to help where he could so he dried while he washed. More idle conversation was passed, and Castiel could barely keep up because his mind was in shambles about what was coming next. It was time to just get it over with so he grabbed the bag off of his bookshelf and shoved it at Dean’s face.
Sam came shuffling into the room holding little Mark on his hip. Both heads of hair were disheveled messes and Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of them. He sat a plate in front of Sam and handed him a warmed bottle for the little one. Halfway through his plate Dean only then realized that they had spent the night after yesterday’s fiasco.
“Dammit Cas I didn’t—“
“I don’t want anything to do with that man for a good while. If ever again.”
“You’re right that’s pretty gross.” Dean nuzzled into Castiel’s neck and he came to the conclusion this was the man’s favorite place to be. He places soft, barely there kisses on the underside of his jaw. “Either way I’m glad you decided to stay with me this weekend. Sorry again for being an ass.”
Castiel was high. Almost too high. He lazily dragged his phone up to his face and squinted at the notification. He had two emails. One a group email from Dean to his class and another one from him just addressed to Castiel.
“Wild night?” he chuckled.
Castiel pried his eyes open at the last second. Another three strokes and he was done, strong pulses pushed through the water in the tub. Dean followed right behind him, everything tensing up as he let go along with him. Heavy breaths and foreheads together they came down slowly. When he got some of his bearings straight he pulled Dean into his lap, kissing him sweetly on his lips.
“Do you think Missouri would want to rent it to me? She hasn’t even mentioned it.”
“How’s teaching going? You still doing that right?”
Cas: Call me.
“Hell yeah Sammy. They did something to that pepperoni. It was better than I’ve ever had on a pizza.”
“You must be hard of hearing! I have said no countless times and that will not change!”
The kettle began screaming snapped Castiel from his blissful thoughts. He took it off the oven and began steeping the tea. That’s when he felt a pair of arms snake around his middle.
“I just really needed air. Balthazar confirming that he saw him…it just hit me kind of hard so I needed to get away. He followed me and I was happy for it, I was just calming down when him and his friends walked in and locked the door. He started spewing nonsense about how I didn’t belong with you and how you had no right to have me when you belonged to someone else.” He took a pause and Dean stayed silent. “He told me I was disgusting for letting you touch me.” He turned his gaze away from Dean and blinked quickly, no doubt trying to fight tears away. “Balthazar got in between us and started yelling, I’ve actually never seen him so worked up before. Dick got in his face and they were screaming at each other and I was just…standing there. I didn’t know what to do Dean.”
“I’m glad you like it.” Dean made another mental note about what Cas had said. He was grateful that he wasn’t going to push the subject. Dean knew his personality and he needed that once in a while. Just let him know that you’re there for him and that’s all he wanted. Eventually he would come around….if he was pushed to the very edge.
“Shut your mouth Sam we’re moving on from this right now. I’m safe and sound. What else did you want?” Dean rolled his eyes at his brother’s antics.
He rolled Dean on his back and spread his legs as he licked a stripe up his dick, fondling his balls until he brought a finger down to tease his perineum. Dean bucked his hips and Cas placed a firm hand on his abdomen to hold him down. He sucked relentlessly at his erection until Dean screamed out filling Cas’ mouth with warm, sweet release. He stayed on him until he was sure he finished and came off slowly. He laid next to the panting man loving the way his chest rose and fell rapidly, until he got the oxygen he needed and returned to a normal breathing pace.
At the end of the day Dean was in his office as promised and he drove Castiel home. The ride was filled with a dense silence, unlike all the other times he found himself in the classic car. Despite himself he tried to keep his distance, tried not to pry. It was making him uncomfortable, he felt like he was shoved on the outside and only left to look at Dean through a set of bars that he put up. He didn’t like how that feeling sat within him, taking root in his heart. He was sure that it wasn’t supposed to be like this.
“Yeah he said he’s staying there for a while and he wants to see us. Wait did you know about this?”
“He’s gonna be there Dean you know that.” Bobby grumbled.
The man huffed and puffed out his chest, looming over the 3 of them as if he was intimidating. Castiel stood his ground and leveled the man with one of his iciest glares. Two can certainly play this game. After a minute of two Mr. Roman broke the deadly staring contest and stomped away to the front door.
Dean: do you want to grab some drinks? Me and my brother were gonna head down to Jo’s pub.
“Then you pick a day and leave everything to us.”
They were now headed to the diner just outside of campus where they always ate. It was quaint, small, and old fashioned. It was everything he liked in a hangout spot. They were greeted by the usual waitress and she sat them in their booth and promised to be right back to take their order.
Well now Castiel knew that his brother was telling the truth. He, of course, wouldn’t share that information with his brother. The teasing that would happen afterwards was something he’d rather avoid.  Normally he'd feel awkward about that but there wasn't enough room in his brain for that. His focus was entirely on Dean and the possibilities of what this proposition could bring. He could really have fun with this.
The address was to a little shop twenty minutes away. They agreed to meet in about an hour. In the little time that they had Dean decided to introduce him to the world of playing Uno, saying that the next Winchester gathering would be a game night and he would no doubt be roped into playing. The game was easy enough, he hadn’t played with cards since he was a kid. Dean was proud of how fast he picked it up, promising next time they would try poker. He wasn’t too fond of the idea of gambling his money away, but the other man assured him they wouldn’t play with real currency.
“I always cherish our time together Dean.”
He waited patiently watching Dean take notes of his notes and basked in the presense of the man. He noticed the way he licked his lips more as he thought. He wanted to lick those lips. He wanted to lick all over the man. Reeling back a bit at his creepy thought. He wanted to run his fingers through his short spikey hair and tug on it softly while he sucked marks into his strong neck.
“Oh man wow I’m sorry about that. Must’ve been rough.”
He dug through the mud that was his memories and images were brought to his mind as be began to speak.
“Sleep now little angel.” Was the last thing he’d heard before everything went dark.
He turned, fumbling with the journal in one hand and his other purchases under his arm. Speed walking over to the register he dumped everything on the counter and was met with a smiling face from the dark brown-skinned girl behind the counter. She quirked an eyebrow at him and silently began to ring him up. When she was finished he paid quickly and left just the same to spare himself further embarrassment.
Castiel woke up that morning instantly regretting doing so. His head hurt from his late night pre-birthday celebration Charlie organized for him. Today was his actual birthday as well as the first day of the spring semester. He lazily dragged himself out of bed sporting only a pair of boxers and shivered once the cold air of the room hit his bare skin. He wasn’t hopeful or excited like he normally was on the first day of classes. The remaining courses he needed to fulfill his major were only offered in the fall so this semester was filled with useless credits that were mandatory. I mean a mythology class…really? His passion was science and everything that it contained and promised. History wasn’t the slightest bit in his interest. Why study the past when you can create new things for the future.
Well damn.
“He’s a phone call or a 5 minute drive away. Don’t do this to him. That’s not fair.”
Dean knew what Sam meant and he was grateful for him offering his help, although the two of them were trained he felt a little reluctant to give inexperienced people firearms.
“That little faggot boy of yours called the cops on me.” he continued. “I know you’re at your Uncle Bobby’s so hear me and hear me good. That gay shit stops now, or that won’t be the last beating you’ll receive from me.”
Dean’s bared neck gave Castiel the perfect amount of space to ravage the open skin. He licked and sucked his fill while his free hand wandered to the man’s front. Gripping him tight he pumped his hand in time with his thrusts. He wanted nothing more in that moment but to bring Dean to a thundering completion. Pulling the toy out he examined it before shoving it right back in.
He did as he was told, with every ounce of reluctance his body could muster. Wanting to go raw was a huge desire of his, but he squashed it down because safety was more important than what he wanted. Intertwining his fingers and placed them behind his head, chest and arm muscles on full display. He looked good like this, could tell by Dean's hooded eyes.
Castiel didn’t have a response for that. He didn’t trust himself enough to know that actual words would come out anyway. His intention was to tease Dean, but he didn’t expect the other man to play along and he found himself more aroused than he probably should be in a public setting.
Dean: Yeah I could squeeze him into my very busy schedule
“I dunno.” He laughed.
Dean awoke the following morning to find his nephews leg digging into his neck. He sat up straight to find him laughing and looking at Dean with a smirk on his face. Dean rubbed at his tired eyes giving a playful glare to the child who now laid on his back.
*		*		*		*
kind of red alert?” she sneered.
Dean looked shock, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes searching Castiel’s for any doubt. He stared right back into Dean’s unwavering gaze meaning every word he said. Castiel had been through much in these last three days. He’d been beaten, cut, thrown around, his entire body hummed with pain. Even with all that his only constant thought had been about the emotional turmoil his absence had caused Dean. There were bags under his eyes, he probably hadn’t slept much, his heart tore for the beautiful man in front of him. If the roles were switched he’d had no clue how he’d be able to make it through this, yet here Dean was standing strong like a tower. The man he loved had come to his rescue and that’s what mattered most.
“That’s not an option. I’m hungry and I need to eat.”
“See that wasn’t so hard.” To this Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed another slice of pizza.
“I want to, but I can’t. I’m working on this case 24/7 it’s killing me.”
They remained on that dusty floor for who knows how long until he felt Dean’s shaking stop. He felt Dean’s arms snake around him and give a final squeeze before he pulled out of the embrace. His expression was one he hadn’t seen on his brother in a long time. A stone cold face of someone who’s given up. That was how Dean’s face had looked before that terrible night when he locked himself inside that bathroom and tried to take his own life. He wouldn’t let that happen again. He was better prepared for that now.
“Show Dean some mercy for having to put up with me.”
He turned on his back to look up at Castiel, that soft look of his eyes, and the subtle shyness of his expression. This was the most dangerous face he’d ever come in contact with. This man could ask him for his soul right now and he’d hand it over without another thought.
As he imagined it, he found that he liked that idea the best. Now he just had to bring it up to the other man.
“Dean are you sure about this? I’ve never had alcohol before.”
Dean got out of the car with all the swag of a man who owns the world. He came to Castiel’s side with a cold look on his face he’d never seen before. It gave him chills even though it wasn’t for him. Dean looked angry, and dangerous.
“What happened to that sandwich I never ate?”
“Dean…please.” Castiel breathed, feeling the tell-tale signs of his impending end.
“I could have Charlie drop me off when I’m done.”
“Hey Sam you didn’t have to stay last night. I was alright. Just needed to get my head straight.”
, he chanted over and over in his head like a prayer. Hell he hoped someone was listening and was willing to grant his prayer.  They pulled into one of the back lots, the same one he’d smoked with Charlie and Cas all those months ago. Simpler times brought him happy memories.
88888888
“Wonderful.” She cheered, putting her teacup down. “Reginald please bring the book.”
Dean: Well if that’s the case then Sam probably knows and won’t tell me.
“Sam.” He said shaking his brother’s shoulder. When he didn’t stir Dean shook him a little harder. “Sam!”
“Is it serious?”
When he was finished and breathing through the lingering aftershocks, he ripped the headphones off of his head and laid back on the pillows behind him. That was the hardest he’d come in quite a while and once his head was screwed on correctly, he’d texted Dean back letting him know.
He fed the baby and dropped him back at Sam’s place and headed straight to Bobby’s garage. There were several cars awaiting Dean’s skill so he greeted the grumpy man and got straight to work. He put on some tunes on the old boombox that sat in the garage and put his concentration all into what he was doing. He tried his hardest not to let his thoughts wander to the blue eyed creature he was taken with.
“That’s what matters hun.” She smiled taking a final sip on her coffee.
Castiel began to tell Charlie what took place after the night they smoked together. How they went out for burgers. How he kissed Dean after the club, and then they made out in his classroom today. He left out the part of him catching Dean at the tail end of crying. He felt that wasn’t his place to share that with Charlie when he had no idea what was going on.
“Oh no oh God no.”
Castiel remained silent, swirling one of his fries in a blob of ketchup on his plate.
“Tell me what you’d do to me.”
Cas dove in for a kiss so passionate, he bit on Dean’s bottom lip relishing in the taste of the other man. He tasted like beer and pie and everything that was wonderful. Dean’s hands flew up on Cas back rubbing gently and he pulled the other man fully on top of him. He rolled until they were on their sides. He removed one hand from Cas’ back and brought it down to his thigh, pulling his leg up and wrapping it around his hip. He snapped his hips forward grinding their arousals together. Cas moaned at the sensation. This excited Dean and he did it repeatedly, his hand kneading Cas’ ass.
Castiel felt his cheeks heating up at the endearment and the sincere way he said it. He was nowhere near his Uncle and he didn’t want to hurt his feelings by telling him so, but he didn’t want the assumption to hang in the air. Once he looked at the proud look on Dean’s face he couldn’t bring himself to say anything.
He woke up in an amazing mood the next morning. The light and airy feeling in his head from last night followed him into today. Getting out of bed, showered and dressed was a breeze, even the temperamental coffee machine was in a good mood. Mary declined his offer for coffee since Dean had dropped her off some
They drove to Bobby’s salvage yard and Sam parked in front of the house. He slowly turned to Dean and cleared his throat. He was obviously trying to be careful with Dean given the situation.
“Yes, I find the work doable and relaxing.”
“Of course it’s him. Who the hell else would it be. He says hi.”
He heard his phone in the background, vibrating violently from several texts received. He poured the hot black liquid into a mug and retreated back to his desk. On the screen he found texts from Cas. This was the kicker he needed to perk up his mood.
Although last time went well, he hoped he wouldn’t be asked anymore uncomfortable questions. He was far more comfortable with Dean than anyone, and even he hadn’t asked the questions that had to be burning it everyone else’s mind. He didn’t want to talk about where he was from, or why he was roaming the country, and he definitely didn’t want anyone to ask about his abilities. The last one was probably the easiest one to avoid since it seemed that the Winchester family were impervious to his gift.
“I’m glad they could accommodate you.” He chuckled. “So what made you want to do all this?” Castiel just had to know.
“Seems so.” Dean was still a bit wary of the man despite him being a friend of Cas. Something in his gut told him he wouldn’t like him very much. “I should probably head back upstairs to check on him.”
“Cas. Hey man. How are you? Been awhile.”
“I like the sound of that.” he smiled and kissed him back.
“Especially when he wears that burgundy button up.”
“Of course Dean. You know you don’t have to say it right? We’d do it all again and more in a heartbeat.”
“Will do.” She patted his shoulder and left him to his own devices.
“Dammit Sammy…tell them I’m sorry.”
“Dean, Dean I’m gonna—ugh” he tried to warn the man.
Their voices were quite loud now. Castiel’s eyes flickered between the rising situation in front of him and the phone. When he noticed the call was ended he prayed that Sam understood. He only lived a few blocks over from Dean so if he was home he’d be there quickly.
“Alright. Yes I agree.”
Dean woke up the next morning to an empty bed and silence in the apartment. He craved the warmth of his boyfriend, but he knew he must’ve went to class without waking him up, or home to get some clothes. He pulled himself up and out of bed cringing at the pounding madness in his head. He rubbed at the thick stubble on his chin and dreaded even looking at his phone. He picked it up anyway to find a couple texts from Cas.
Dean didn’t respond. He just gently pushed Cas back until he sat on his legs and sat up.
888888888
“Yeah I am. Um you don’t have to dress up or anything. It’s a pretty normal spot we’re going to. If that’s ok.”
Dean’s eyes went wide and he stared at Castiel for a good while. A blush creeped on his cheeks and made it’s way down his collar, Castiel was pretty sure his whole chest was flush along with his face.
“You did good angel. Let’s get out of here before you two get arrested. Hmm?” he spoke lowly in his ear.
Dean thought to himself.
After that he lost a lot of what happened next. He vaguely remembers dancing. He doesn’t remember taking his shirt off, and he definitely doesn’t remember agreeing to going to a bedroom with Dick and a bunch of guys he hardly knows. He was laid out on a bed now with Dick lying on top of him grinding into him with his mouth latched on his neck. It felt good, always felt good when Dick touched him, but when one of his friends climbs on the bed and starts rubbing his arm and kissing on the other side of his neck he got a jolt of clarity.
“So uh how are classes going?” Dean asked in a hushed tone.
They both sat in silence on the short ride over to Dean’s uncle’s house. Dean sat a supportive hand on Cas’ knee. The gesture served to calm both of them, ground them in each other’s presence and mentally ready them for the day’s events. They pulled on the property and Cas took a deep inhale as Dean parked the car.
This whole scene was painfully cliché, but that was actually funny. Maybe this was why his brother was so popular in this industry. You wouldn’t expect to be laughing at porn. In response Dean just took the hand of the other and trailed it down his slightly damp shirt until he reached the front of his pants.
“No son it don’t work like that. I came to talk to you. Not you and your little
“There was none of that.”
Gabriel was a weird dude, but he was grateful for the awkward (borderline creepy) efforts he put in to make sure they met. Now he really wanted to see what he meant about Cas’ personal computer. Would he find a ton of his videos? That Cas had a gold membership to the studio website? Or did he not pay for his porn?
As if his brother could sense his distress, he clapped his hands and announced that they would be starting. Castiel was ready and was finally rid of the young talkative man. His instruction began with telling the young man to go outside and then walk in the room say his lines and go from there. Castiel, himself wasn’t privy to much of the script, just that he had to follow them around as steady and quiet. That’s what he was concentrating on, or at least trying to at this point.
He and Dean were set to hangout this weekend. But the topic would be a nightmare and a half to try to bring it up himself. The words would trip and stumble out of his mouth so bad he’d be better off saying nothing at all. Putting Dean on the spot like that was neither polite or tactful and that was something he wanted to avoid.
“Of course. If your mother’s cooking comes anywhere close to yours I’d be an idiot to say no.” he smiled.
“Let’s have a chat Deano.”
“Damn.” Dean moaned, watching him come down slowly.
This was the first thing that he reacted to since the bag had been taken off, moving his head away from Dick’s hand and tossing an icy glare his way. He turned his head and looked at Kevin with pleading eyes. Kevin didn’t know what to do. He knew Castiel didn’t deserve any of this, no one did. He had no clue that they had even been together at one point, all of this information was confusing his usually quick mind. He wanted to help the poor man, but Dick Roman wasn’t one you betrayed. He’d heard things, rumors of Dick’s violent nature. He was the guy who got what he wanted then he wanted it and wasn’t to be defied. But Kevin was a good person, he prided himself on that. He wanted to help people and this was a great opportunity to do just that. He needed to go about this carefully and quietly though. The last thing he wanted was to be on Roman’s shit list.
*		*		*		*
888888888888888888888
“And who would be to blame for this John?” Bobby sighed. He was more than over this whole thing.
“Yeah it was a riot in there. I tried to go after you, but when all of that broke out I had to break it up. I couldn’t leave Ellen there all by herself. Then Jo came home and it escalated from there.”
He wasn't at all body shy, but he'd never showered with a significant other before. Gosh he felt so young, letting Dean take all of the firsts he hadn't realized he had left. Once they reached Dean’s spacious bathroom, he just stood there as he let the other man remove his clothes piece by piece. He took his time too, rubbing his hands on every bit of skin that was revealed by his actions. Once he was done he turned around fiddling with the knobs to turn on the water. It took no time at all before steam billowed out of the open door.
88888888888888888888888
“I want you to fuck me.”
“Only if Dad doesn’t come.”
“Dean, fuck.” He groaned when the man came down pretty hard.
“Oh no, no that baby is mine.” Charlie piped up from where she sat behind them on the couch.
He was quick in following the man’s instruction, cutting a larger piece than he would ever get for himself. Once he was seated the other man got right back in his spot. His apron was tented even from the way he was sitting.
“I wanna blow you Cas.”
“Sam—you were too young to know this. Dean was even too small to know. Your mom and I,” he paused to let out a heavy sigh, “We didn’t mean for her to get pregnant, different time back then. I married her in her 4th month of the pregnancy. Don’t get me wrong I loved your mother for a long time before she had Dean, but we were both so young back then. Barely knew how to take care of ourselves let alone a newborn baby. But I had a plan and that plan required going to school so I did. For business. Wanted to open my own shop so I could provide for the little family I created. Worked all the way through school and graduated a couple months after you were born.”
He was outfitted in a simple t-shirt and jeans, with his usual boots. Castiel felt a little over dress in his button up and cardigan, but he was pretty sure that Dean wouldn’t mind.
“Hey Dean.”
“What the fuck is this?!” his father boomed. “You a fucking queer now Dean?!”
“You must know that even without all of that I wouldn’t scratch your car.”
From then on Johnathan and Dean were pretty much inseparable. Dean took him home every day from school to avoid him getting bullied on the bus, they hung out on weekends, even Sam built a friendship with him. Most of the bullying stopped as word spread that he was taken under Dean’s wing. No one wanted to mess with someone who was close to Dean.
“Would you like to exchange numbers?”
Still going strong over here! Even though I'm working on 3 other pieces besides this *sighs in agony*. But nonetheless I'm having fun and I hope you guys have fun as well. There's some sappy feels in this one. Not a big warning, but Dean's hitting the bottle pretty heavily here. AS always I hope you enjoy reading this and comments and kudos are welcome!! Hope you guys have a wonderful week! xoxo [ follow me on Tumblr- fanofthephire :) ]
“I’m very grateful but this is a lot of money Dean.”
“Cassie!!! It’s your favorite brother!”
“Because it ain’t natural. It’s wrong and I thought I taught you better than that. Now I’m locked up cause you couldn’t heed my teachings.”
Cas: I’ve never been there. What time should we meet?
“What I can’t join the party?” he slurs.
“Seems like your day went well.” He stated.
“Also my father wants you to come over for dinner or something.”
“You can’t possibly know that due to the fact that you were more concerned about your ‘friends’ than me.”
Kevin was a simple man. He liked to study and hang out with friends….when he had time for such things. He wasn’t a big party person, but he got along with everyone he’d met. He thought himself to be a likable person. His mother was the only person he slightly butted heads with. She had it in her head that Kevin needed to be the best at everything he set out to do. She had this big plan for him and his life. She wanted him to be a neurosurgeon and head of the field at that. Sure he wanted to be in the medical field, but he didn’t want to do all of that. He wanted to be a simple nurse, preferably in the pediatric. He liked children and children liked him. He could relate to them and their wild minds, full of curiosity and wonder. They had their whole lives ahead of them, so much to look forward to, and if his work could make that journey better, or easier then that’s what he wanted to do. He hadn’t shared his dreams and desires with her of course, she’d know in time.
“No not at all.”
“You know the drill. I call your name and you raise a hand. Eventually I’ll know all your faces and just do it from memory.” He looked at Castiel when he said this.
“I don’t like all that useless formality with my students.”
“If I have my way it would only be with me.” he paused. “Forever.” He said barely above a whisper.
