Alastair and Azazel come through the gate, carrying a teenage boy between them. The boy is dragging his feet, protesting quietly, attempting to jerk away, but their grip is strong and his pleas are falling on deaf ears.
“Have I mentioned my school has a uniform?” he offers, sidling up to Jo and putting an arm around her shoulders.
The band never really slows down. Every song has an upbeat tempo in a minor key, and it’s easy for Dean and Cas to lose themselves in the beat, to forget what just happened in that phone call. Dean even forgets that he’s supposed to hate this band by the time they cover
Anna whoops, springing across the scarlet carpet and flopping down on the bed closest to the window, her luggage left tipped over by the door. Castiel rolls his eyes and rights it, carefully setting it next to his own in the entryway closet. “Don’t get too comfortable,” he warns. “Mother said she might come stay with us once Michael gets the hang of things.”
P.S. I've pretty much abandoned my Tumblr :( I was already on the way out, and the porn ban finished it for me. I never even posted or looked at porn on Tumblr, but since I was on LJ for Strikethru I recognized the writing was on the wall. I am on Twitter at
Without responding, Castiel reaches into his back pocket and pulls out his Blackberry. He scrolls between
“The worst part is,” Sam continues, “Dad wants us to visit him in Kansas this summer, and Dean is trying to talk me into going.”
By the entryway, someone shouts, “No loitering at the curb!” and Dean rolls his eyes, leaning in for a last kiss. It’s brief out of necessity, but the gentleness and longing that passes between them in those few seconds makes Castiel’s toes curl.
They pull apart, blushing, and Dean automatically offers his brother the bird. Castiel smiles and turns to see Jess shoving Sam back towards the kitchen before throwing on a brilliant grin.
Now it’s Dean’s turn to smirk as he starts back up the stairs, purposely ignoring the way the girl is glaring at him. He can hear her boots clicking on the wooden floor as she makes her way out, and seriously, who the hell dresses like that in the middle of the summer? Yeah, sometimes biker gangs come through town, but Dean hasn't seen any bikes laying around, let alone gruff dudes in leather. Not to mention, she looks a little young to be running around on a bike.
“C’mon, it’s not like you can geek out about Harry Potter with the team. Or learn about the occult.” Dean reaches over and attempts to pick up one of Pam’s cards, only to get his wrist swatted.
How life changes so suddenly. One minute you're walking down a road and can clearly see your destination ahead, and the next minute something has fallen in your way and forced you to take an unknown route where you can't see the end and are unprepared for the journey. But you have to take it anyway, because it's the only path available.
She had said something similar not too long ago, that there were things that Dean maybe didn’t know about himself. And there’s something lurking in the back of Dean’s brain, so terrifying in its brightness that Dean can’t even bring himself to think the words. Because they’re not true. That’s not the way this is supposed to work.
Dean chuckles softly, leaning over the kitchen counter and pulling the phone closer. “Well, I ain’t a suggestion box, but go ahead.”
without speaking after I told you… what I told you,” he swallows, and Castiel starts to realize just what kind of damage he’s done here. “That doesn’t help. Coming and going all the time isn’t helping. I need
“You’re lucky to have someone who loves you the way Cas does.” Lisa reaches over, gently taking one of Dean’s hands in both of her own. He looks up at her, blearily, searching her face for some kind of clue, anything to help him put all this together, or help him keep away from those brilliant, terrifying, beautiful words in his head.
“Shut the fuck up,” Dean groans, but he quickly engages Castiel in the story of how his father finally came through for him on a promise, driving all the way out from Kansas to drop his 1967 Chevy Impala off for Dean’s eighteenth birthday.
And, surprisingly, Jo Harvelle. She stops by while Castiel and Sam are watching more Christmas specials and eating cereal on the couch, and she seems surprised to see Castiel when Sam opens the door.
Dean stares at his plate, chewing the bacon without tasting it. A drunken fuck-up just like Dad. Too late to stop that train.
“We can’t do this anymore,” Cas whispers. Dean furrows his brow, but Cas shakes his head. “I can’t do that to Meg.”
“Cas, honey,” says Dean, and Castiel feels something shift and give in his chest, in his throat, but the pressure doesn’t lessen and once again he has no idea what he’s going to do next, but he’s clinging to Dean like a lifeline so he doesn’t drown when it happens. “We don’t have to do this.”
Maybe he just hasn’t lived long enough yet, but he doubts he could ever think of Dean as ‘just a boy.’ Had Dean been a girl, he’s fairly certain he could’ve showed up at school with a summer love story to sing about. Like
Dean laughs to himself; he can’t spend a few hours cleaning up the side of the road, then leave his own cup on the boardwalk. “Thanks,” he says, reaching down and handing it to her, still smiling. She takes it, eyes never leaving Dean’s face.
in a relationship with Dean, then we need to discuss how to handle this in relation to our uncle’s brand.”
Instantly, Castiel flattens his palm on Dean’s back and pushes him back down onto the bed. The omega goes easily, practically beaming, like even if he’s not being knotted, he’s still getting exactly what he wants. “Maybe later,” Castiel breaths, leaving kisses along the curve of Dean’s shoulders. “If your heat goes away.”
“Hello?” Still soft, but brighter now. More aware. Dean’s breath comes short now, as he tries to get himself under control, just enough to say something, but all that comes out are quick, soft breaths, just this side of being a sob. God, he’s a mess. He probably shouldn’t even be driving, but he just… he just has to see Cas right now.
“That’s right, Dean,” Meg cuts in, her laugh piercing Dean’s ears even as he focuses on the ocean, the horizon, anything expansive enough to get lost in. “It’s all about being alone in dark places, though I can’t say many movies actually got watched.”
It’s not that simple. Dean’s drinking, the violence, it’s not just a matter of whether or not Mary is home to stop him, or to talk him through his feelings. It’s not due to any particular person’s influence either. Dean made a deal to protect his loved ones, and that deal has spiraled out of control.
"All right." Honestly, Castiel couldn't care less what they watch. He's just delighted that plans are being made, that Dean has his phone number, and there's a chance that he may actually have made a few friends this year.
There’s a weird feeling of insecurity and arrogance fluctuating through Castiel’s nerves as he watches Aaron and waits for the conversation to get started. He knows he shouldn’t be comparing their appearances, but he can’t help it - they don’t look a thing alike, and it just makes it harder to understand Dean’s motivations. If Aaron at least had blue eyes, or was a few inches taller, maybe things would make a little more sense. Maybe then, he could at least convince himself that Dean had just been missing him.
Dean blinks in surprise, but that feeling is quickly overpowered by hurt when he hears frantic whispering on the other end of the line. Meg’s voice is a little louder, and Dean is pretty sure that’s Anna yelling in the background, but he can’t make out any specific words.
"This is Dean," Castiel says, impressed by the steadiness in his own voice. "I found him and his friends at the beach, and nothing bad happened, I swear."
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to be reduced to gasping, as he scrabbles for purchase on Dean’s sweaty skin, but Dean has no patience for his alpha’s attempts to take control, like.. well, like an alpha. He moves forward, then back again, bouncing and rolling against Castiel’s hips and thighs, and the satisfaction of finally having a fat alpha cock inside him is
?’” She drags the words out like a sob, overdramatically wiping at her eyes while Charlie laughs at her mockery. Castiel just squints.
.” Bela tightens her lips briefly and shakes her head. Her hair is wild in the wind, curls snapping around her face. “It’s not fair. You both have these feelings for each other and you know how the other feels, but you keep fucking it up like true arseholes.” She blinks rapidly, lifting her chin. “I’m not as lucky as you, remember? I see him sleeping around and you running away and I just want to strangle you both because you don’t know how
He pulls away from Dean suddenly enough that Dean grunts and fumbles forward, blinking blearily at Castiel, who stares back for a moment.
have bad days. I’m never gonna not need coping mechanisms, like these. But because I have those tools, it helps so that I don’t get as low as I was a few years ago.” Dean swallows, his gaze unfocused and distant. Castiel instinctively reaches over to squeeze Dean’s knee, dragging him back to the present. He gives Dean a small, encouraging smile, and Dean exhales something like relief.
The resort’s private beach is quiet and calm. Lucifer falls asleep spread out on a towel, and Anna eventually gives up and goes back inside to watch MTV. Gabriel didn’t even bother to come with.
“I saw you at Jo’s party,” Dean explains, voice quiet; just thinking about that image makes that emptiness threaten to break wide open again, tear him apart inside. “Cuddling with Bela.”
Dean feels a prickle of irritation at her words. They’re true, at the end of the day, but Dean doesn’t particularly like to hear it. It feels like a slight against him, against his mom, his dad, and all the ways his family has had to make sacrifices. He knows that Lisa doesn’t mean it to be offensive, so he forces a smile, leaning over the table and resting his chin in his hand.
Charlie shrugs. “Not that we need the excuse, but it’s Memorial Day. I guess if you’re an American, you’re welcome.” She frowns, bringing a fist up under her chin. “This
“Nah, I fucked up though.” Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and kicks at a stray pebble. “With the whole Bela thing. I don’t want you to still be mad at me about that.”
“I’m getting better,” Dean says quietly, staring down at his drink. Anna shifts on the bench, but doesn’t respond, so Dean continues: “I haven’t been to any parties or gotten drunk since last year. I helped put the guy that was funding the parties behind bars.” He rubs a hand over his face, finds his fingers and cold and damp and soothing. “I had to do community service, and go to therapy. I like both. Therapy has… it’s helped a lot. I don’t get worked up so much anymore, and I’m learning how to handle it when I do.”
me!” Castiel gives up on his ice cream, and aggressively tosses the nearly-full cup at the trash can. Pink splashes over the side, and Charlie huffs softly, covering her mouth with her hand. “What is it that I don’t know, Jo? Because what I
Charlie clicks her tongue, but that’s all the admonishment she gives. “Me, Jo, and probably Pam, since she hasn’t seen you yet. C’mon, you can’t hide out in your fancy hotel forever!”
He stops himself and sighs, tossing the chicken into the pan and reaching over to grab the last piece from Cas’s hands, which startles Cas into actually looking at him. But Dean ignores that, distracting himself with flouring the meat, tossing it into the pan, putting everything in the oven, then finally, going to wash his hands. That’s when it’s Cas’s turn to surprise Dean, appearing next to him at the sink, washing egg yolk off his own slender fingers.
, isn’t that funny?” Anna pulls her hair into a ponytail as she stands, coming to join her brother at the breakfast bar. “Not to mention, Dean is kind of awesome. I was pretty pissed at him for what he did to you a few years ago, but now I’m just kind of mad at you for not jumping on it while you have the chance.”
Dean ignores the cheering going on in the back of his mind, and despite what Anna had said the night before, he asks, “You guys seemed happy together.”
But Castiel doesn’t want to talk about it. He doesn’t know how. Dean has the luxury of therapy, of a mother who is interested in his life and who he is, and Castiel only knows how to shove everything deep down into his core, so he can stand up straight and offer smiles to strangers.
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but stops short when he remembers his birthday earlier this year. Mary had taken the day off and baked him a pear pie, before taking him to meet his friends down to the arcade in Seaside. On the drive home, while Dean had still been happy and full, he’d told her about Bobby’s promise, that he’d start working in the garage that week, and he wanted to give her half of each paycheck.
Castiel laughs softly and lifts up his shirt to show Sam the yellowing bruise under his ribs. Sam winces, and immediately sets off a pair of apologetic puppy eyes. "It's just a bruise, Sam, don't worry about it."
And there’s the subject of it all, curiously peering at each piece, while his girlfriend talks animatedly, words that Dean can’t hear.
“Oh jeez, have you met Sonny?” Charlie laughs. “If Sonny could figure out a way to pay for Dean to go to art school without Dean knowing, he would.” She kicks at Jo’s shin. “You know that Life Drawing class Dean took? The ‘free’ one? It wasn’t free. Sonny paid the fee in advance and told Dean it was free.”
Dean winces as he lifts his gaze to look at Lisa. She’s sitting up now, her arms crossed over her chest and her eyebrows furrowed, her jaw jutted forward.
Dean slings an arm over the back of the booth and grins up at Ellen. She remains unimpressed, her hands on her hips and an eyebrow raised, but Dean’s knows her too well to be intimidated. “Is there really a finer establishment in Sileas than the Roadhouse?”
“It was still nice.” Sam glances at the kids again; they’ve moved over to the little window off the side, letting a gray-speckled seal bogart both their attention and their fish. “I’d like to be able to do that someday.”
, while Meg slips in next to Pam. Those two and Jo create an easy discussion about the state of the music industry, complete with Meg’s insider knowledge about certain musicians turned actors.
Dean scowls, but his expression relaxes into something like guilt when he looks back at Castiel’s curious face. “Tell me what?” Castiel asks quietly.
Castiel is still stuck on ‘last time.’ Dean’s brought someone up here before. He’s done ‘indecent’ things with them before. And, from the way Jody’s talking, her tone full of exasperation and annoyance, it wasn’t all that long ago.
Bela is smirking again when Castiel looks up. “You’re gay,” she says in a singsong, and Castiel shoves her gently, making her giggle.
“Isn’t that what I said, though,” Castiel says quietly, his eyes on Dean’s. “That you’re not like that?”
But it’s so simple for them. They’re robots in a Pixar film. They can dance in stardust and bring life back to Earth. They don’t have old lovers and deceptive mothers to worry about. They don’t perpetually underestimate themselves or instinctively hide their feelings behind a stoic face.
Dean narrows his eyes, waiting for the punchline, but it never comes. Charlie just shifts anxiously, her hands behind her back. If Pam were here, she’d probably make some comment about Charlie’s aura, but to Dean, it just looks like she needs someone to talk to, and Dean was the only one available. So he sighs and stands back, gesturing her in through the front door, and she gives him a small smile when she passes him.
Dean slumps against the railing and presses a hand to his forehead. “No,” he mumbles, turning back to the front door. “‘M not going home yet. Stuff to do.”
Sam nods, diplomatically accepting Castiel’s diplomacy, then immediately drops the maturity to launch himself around Castiel’s shoulders in a hug. Surprised, Castiel barely has the chance to tentatively return the affection before Sam is pulling away and getting to his feet with a grin.
"I know this song," Castiel says quietly. It had been all over the radio for months, and even though Castiel doesn't particularly care for radio, Anna had taken to the band quite fiercely. "But I've never heard it like this before."
The omega is quiet for a long while. His skin is scorching and damp against Castiel’s, but he doesn’t move. Touch used to placate other omegas too, especially Anna, so Castiel lets the boy take a moment of reprieve, gently pressing his palms and fingertips wherever he can reach.
Castiel follows slowly, and only notices his mother standing in the micro-kitchen once he’s reached the couch. He glances at the girls, whom Anna has gathered around the phone, pointing out her favorite dishes on the room service menu, then turns back to Naomi with a small smile.
The only sounds are the grunts of exertion and the tap of rubber from the playing field. Sam makes a killer pass, but Dean is too busy trying to seem casual and careless and blank to cheer him on. Charlie’s mouth is open in surprise, and Cas is eyeing Dean a little too closely for comfort. Dean wonders if Cas will put two and two together, or if he’ll be able to get away with keeping all his secrets this year.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and grips at Dean’s t-shirt, feeling a sudden rush of childish stubbornness. Dean is
Nobody has to tell Castiel that, but a fierce sense of possession rips through him, jealousy churning in his gut. Castiel knows Dean better than anybody, or so he likes to think - he doesn’t know the Dean that Aaron knows, after all. Even so, he doesn’t like hearing someone talk about Dean that way. He’s reminded of that unnerving painting Dean showed him, the exaggerated lips and lashes, and he wonders if Aaron was the one who brought that on.
“Dean told us,” Charlie whispers back, Jo nodding along behind her. “We’re prepared for a little old-fashioned classism.”
“Come here,” Dean says, and he hates himself so much for this, but as soon as Cas is close enough, Dean’s hands are buried in that dark mess of hair, trying to get the strands back under control. It’s a futile mission, and not only because Cas will just have to go back out in the wind when he leaves, but Dean doesn’t care. Cas has to lean down a little to give Dean access, which means his growth spurt is still going. Dean chuckles to himself - he’ll catch up soon, he’s sure. John Winchester maxed out at six-foot-two, and Mary’s not exactly a hobbit herself, so height isn’t something Dean worries about too much.
“Why?” Dean demands. They’re having fun, and it’s none of Cas’s business how they have fun anyway. “Who the hell are you to tell me what to do, Cas?”
feel like that,” Castiel says fiercely, gripping Dean’s hand even tighter. “And I don’t see you like that other painting, you’re not-”
Jo’s mouth forms an ‘O’ of delighted surprise, and she leans back in the swing, cackling. “Oh, he’d have  a cow if he knew.”
He’s not good at these kinds of conversations. At expressing himself and his feelings. They get stuck in his throat, trapped in his terror at the thought of being vulnerable. It’s like pulling teeth, trying to talk to Dean this way, even though Castiel knows by now that Dean won’t judge him or use his feelings against him. Castiel struggles to find the words, to find his
“I don’t think she really likes me at all,” he explains when Dean gives him a strange look. “I don’t think I even like her.”
“I said, no,” Dean repeats before hanging up and throwing his phone on the counter. It starts ringing again almost immediately. Dean hurries to shut the damn thing off, then panics. Sam is safe upstairs, but if Alastair knows where Mary works, then it stands to reason that he knows where the Winchesters live. He probably knows where to find Jo and Charlie and Pam at any given time too, and Dean clenches his teeth, tries to breathe through his nose.
"Yeah?" Dean grins, nudging Cas's shoulder, and it almost feels like old times. "Care to elaborate?"
He’s not going to understand, and Castiel isn’t sure how to explain it to him. This relationship has become tangled beyond repair, and between Castiel’s tendency to shut down and run away, and Dean’s genuine belief that he deserves whatever punches he gets, Castiel is starting to worry that it can’t be fixed.
There’s still butter and flour on Dean’s hands, and now it’s all over his phone and his face. “Um. Making dinner.”
He hesitates before turning the key, though, and instead picks up the package again. He turns it over in his hands, letting the weight sit for a moment. It feels like a book. Dean's not sure how a book will answer any of his lingering questions, but he slides his fingers through the seam anyway, opening the paper until the book falls into his lap.
Cas fidgets with his shirt as Dean gets to his feet and goes to grab his copy of Deathly Hallows, still on the floor by the door. "Don't think this is the end, Dean," Cas blurts as Dean opens the door. Dean turns to look at him, one eyebrow raised.
“Hey, I’m not gonna complain about being compared to Swayze, but you’re way cuter than Jennifer Grey.”
“I don’t know, you started it,” Castiel accuses. He shifts slightly, rolling his shoulders, and Dean smiles.
“Don’t be a chicken,” she says, smiling when he blinks in surprise. “I can’t tell you what to do about your family, ‘cause I had an easy time with mine. But Dean adores you, and he’s ready. Whatever happened over the school year, he wants to be with you now.” She squeezes his hand. “So don’t be afraid.”
“Cas is a fucking liar, just like you said,” Dean offers, voice raised just enough to make Bela’s eyebrow twitch.
Anna blows a raspberry at the ceiling. “Don’t be a killjoy,” she says. “We still get to be on our own for a while. We can do whatever we want!” She sits up, beaming at him, even as her red hair spreads spidery with static behind her. “We can order room service and watch bad movies and stay in our pajamas-”
He’s been telling himself for days that it’s better this way, that separating from Dean is what’s best for both of them, but he only realizes now that he was saying that with a weird, underlying certainty that Dean would wait. Dean has always waited, happily welcoming Castiel back whenever Castiel decides he’s ready to wade back into the shallows.
Seeing the tears on his sister’s face breaks something in Castiel. A wall crumbles down, and suddenly he’s overwhelmed with anger and fear for his brother. Sure, Lucifer could be an arrogant bag of dicks, but he did help Castiel settle in to high school. And when they were younger, before their parents were gone all the time, Lucifer had been gentle and playful. Playing tag in the grass with his little brother, teaching little Anna how to sing, how much of Lucifer had imprinted on them, to turn them into the people they are today?
“Hi there!” And she’s really quite lovely, with a smile that matches Dean’s. “You must be the new guy I’ve been hearing so much about.”
Castiel nods, as he would be happy to see them all again as well. Still, he can’t help being a little disappointed: there were at least a dozen omegas present that night, including his own sister, so he can only wonder as to where they are and how they’re doing. Hopefully they all managed to find a better home than Cielo.
Castiel starts nibbling on a thumbnail, but catches himself, dropping his hand to his pocket instead. “Where?”
But that’s not real life. Yes, Castiel is nervous about committing to Dean, but that’s not the only thing that’s hanging over his head.
“Usually. Gabe likes to play pranks and pick fights sometimes, but he stays out of Michael’s way, and he doesn’t mean any harm.”
What does he even want to say? He’s still angry, after all, though that has faded enough to be outweighed by hurt and distrust. If he’s still feeling these things, why does he want to call Dean at all?
Dean is so embarrassed by that thing. The truth is, the entire wall is his mourning period. A black and gray thunderstorm full of white and gold symbols that reminded him of Cas and Lisa: feathers, musical notes, ribbons, flowers. And it’s such a cliche that the shadowed figure in the rowboat is Dean himself, unable to navigate in a sea of black and haunted memories.
Sam grins outright, and reaches over to jostle Castiel’s arm. “C’mon, it’s not a big deal. What’s the fun if I don’t tease you at least a little bit?”
“He’s just trying to scare you into coming back. Don’t listen. If it comes down to it, just fight back.” Cas pauses, then chuckles slightly. “I tried to tell you this last year, that he only wanted you to fight
“I’ve already had my first kiss,” Dean mumbles, turning his face away. Castiel frowns and digs his nails into Dean’s arm until the boy yelps, loud enough that a dog starts to bark a few blocks away. “All right, all right! I don’t know, I can’t… I can’t say I have enough experience yet to know.” He smiles weakly. “Ask me again in a couple years.”
And they take off at a run, which becomes a race that Castiel easily wins, though by the time they’re barefoot and seated on Dean’s couch, watching Zoolander and throwing popcorn at each other, nobody really cares.
“That you stole,” Castiel reminds him, even as his hand slides around Dean’s waist, as Dean chuckles against his skin.
“I know you’re upset,” she says, “about what happened this morning. It’s always hard to hear things like that. But people come and go, Dean. Good people, and bad people, they’ll flow in and out of your life. It’s up to you to decide who to let go of, and who to chase after.” She ruffles Dean’s hair, smiling slightly when he turns to look at her. “As a bit of advice? Chase after the ones that make you into a better person. Who challenge you, but make you happy at the same time.”
Cas runs a hand through his hair, then flops down on his back. Maybe he should have brought his book; it's actually quiet enough out here that he might be able to get farther than a few pages at a time. The only sound is coming from that group of kids and their bonfire, and that's faint and perhaps even a little pleasant: laughter and song is far preferable to yelling and broken glass. Lacing his fingers behind his head, Castiel watches the stars and tries not to think about his antagonistic brothers, about his absent parents, about how they might all have a happy vacation if they all actually took one. But Father never stops working, and while Mother usually heads west with her children, she takes Michael and they continue working for her brother during the day, and Michael is usually the only one home before dinner. How long will that last? Gabriel is next, how long until he becomes just as stiff and obedient as Michael? Castiel actually smiles to himself, trying to imagine any incarnation of Gabriel that might resemble Michael. It's hard to picture, Gabe in a black suit talking about demographics and projections and budgets.
The crowd is starting to dissipate, and Dean guesses it’s close to midnight, so he gestures towards the door, allowing Cas to lead the way back into the theater. Dean sends Charlie a thumbs up as soon as he’s seated, and tries to ignore Cas’s sudden bout of texting.
If he’s in love with Dean, why does he have so many negative feelings attached to him? This can’t be right.
“Dean.” And that one-syllable word says so much, tone and inflection speaking volumes, but it’s all in a language that Dean doesn’t understand. “Do you need me to come get you?”
Castiel pauses long enough to take a deep breath, then shifts until he’s leaning against the wall, legs spread out across the bed, as close to Dean as he feels he can be without ruining Dean’s concentration. Then he opens the book and, in a soft voice, continues to read.
“I’ve told Dean a million times, I’m never gonna forgive Dad for what he’s done. He doesn’t get to decide to change for one kid and expect the two he left behind to just accept that he’s different now and deserves a second chance.”
“You ruined everything,” Dean says. Cas furrows his brow and opens his mouth, but Dean plows on before he can speak. “There’s nothing keeping Alastair from going after Sam anymore, your snitching pretty much broke the deal-”
Naomi is out with Anna, at the resort’s private beach, so Castiel has the hotel room to himself. The quiet has been nice, but it’s hard to really enjoy it when Charlie and Jo have clearly organized their efforts to harass him into hanging out. It’s been ten minutes exactly since Jo’s last call, and now Castiel’s Blackberry is buzzing in his palm, lit up with Charlie’s name. He heaves a sigh, then opts to answer the phone. He’s not going to win this one, and it’s better to just accept that with dignity.
Dean’s not sure how to respond to that. Cas is a weird little alpha. Jess appears next to him, her mouth open in surprise, eyes darting between Dean and Cas as if trying to decide if they’re in cahoots against her.
“Not surprised.” Mary hesitates, then slowly continues: “Sam’s right, y’know. Neither of you are required or expected to forgive your dad.”
able to talk to animals or not, but if that’s the only thing wrong with him after seven years, then Dean won’t complain. At least it means that might Cas better understand Dean’s devotion to his horse.
circa 2014 lol so you may or may not have seen it before, but it definitely is and has always been intended for this specific scene in this specific story.
Oh. That makes more sense. Castiel fidgets with his hands, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. “You know she’s single now, right?” he offers. Bela’s eyes narrow as she exhales through her nose.
“Do you want to tell me what the hell you’re doing out here at this time of night?” She glances at Castiel again, then jerks a thumb in his direction. “With Cas, no less? Because I doubt his mother knows he’s out of the house, let alone out with you.”
“He’ll be fine,” Bela mutters, sitting next to Castiel, close enough that their knees and elbows touch. Castiel feels like she’s staking a claim as she stares this older girl down. “Cas, can I introduce you?”
Castiel stares at her like she’s grown another head. She might as well have. As much as Castiel has dreamed of marrying Dean in the future, the idea of his mother and Dean’s mother being in the same room is alien to him. There are similarities between them; Castiel’s observant enough to have picked up on those before. They both work very hard and don’t get to see their children as often as they’d like because of it. They’ve both recruited their oldest children to help with the younger. But at the same time, the class divide between them seems too great a canyon to cross. Naomi grew up with ease and has brought her children up in a similar way. Mary struggles, every day, to keep her boys clothed and fed. Not to mention Naomi’s distant-but-happy marriage versus Mary’s failed one. Sure, they managed a decent conversation on the phone, but in person...
"That was... intense," Charlie says diplomatically. Gilda hides her laughter behind her hand, but Jo isn't so kind.
Lucifer turns away from the railing, and a door slams where Castiel can’t see. Gabriel winks at his youngest siblings before traipsing down the stairs and vaulting over the couch to join them. Water starts running upstairs, so Castiel sighs and reaches for his book, opening it again and tuning out Gabriel’s teasing Anna about her obsession with pretty band boys in eyeliner.
“They seem like decent kids.” Castiel closes his eyes and sighs. His father is just trying to make conversation at this point. “What did Dean give you?”
“I don’t really want another guy,” Dean mumbles. “Or another person. I might try again with Lisa, if she moved back, but I’m not interested in anybody else.”
Cas is situated near the open window, in front of a full-length mirror that gives Dean a perfect view of both Castiel’s shapely backside, and his front draped in exquisite clothes. It’s all black and silver, which aren’t the colors Dean would have chosen, but they’re certainly regal; it’s almost as if Castiel can’t help standing up a little straighter in shiny black boots, or holding his freshly-shaven chin a little higher in his new high-collared doublet. Jess even tried to tame his hair, and now it curls sweetly against his forehead and around his ears.
“He’s pregnant,” she had said, as soon as she walked through the door, and with so much confidence that Dean didn’t dare question her. Mary, of course, argued that that was impossible, until Dean decided to come clean about his frolic in the woods with Castiel. What was the point of hiding it now? The proof was in the pudding, as they say.
friend and not Dean’s,” she says. “If Jo had her way, everyone would be shutting you out, and you’d deserve every minute of it.” She stops walking and when Castiel accidentally runs in to her, she uses the leverage to push him back a few feet, enough that he can get the full force of her glare. “But I don’t care for Dean and I don’t think it’s a good idea to punish you without even telling you what’s going on.”
“Well, I’m waiting for my order anyway, so…” The boy takes Dean’s empty seat next to Castiel, without invitation. Like he knows everyone well enough that he doesn’t need one, and Castiel’s stomach twists again. “It’s been a while. How are you guys?”
“Once.” Castiel tilts his head. “She was very intellectual, and much more generous than one would expect, considering the gossip. I’ve been a great defender of dragons since meeting her.”
Dean breathes for a little while longer, then closes his eyes and removes his hand from the mouthpiece. “I won’t be at the party tomorrow night,” Dean says, “or ever again. I want out.”
"No. Well..." Gabriel has a tendency to be a bit of a bully, not to mention his pranks. Lucifer is arrogant and kind of a killjoy. And Anna is a 13 year-old girl, who listens to her silly music too loud and watches too much trash TV. "It's complicated."
It’s a pretty solid no, but Castiel doesn’t let himself be disappointed. If Mary follows through with her promises, Dean’s priorities might shift and Castiel can try again in a couple months.
"Like Charlie said, it's a story about love in all it's forms. Harry will defeat Voldemort with love," Gilda adds, her tone sure, but she giggles girlishly when Charlie presses a cheerful kiss to her cheek.
“Sam, why don’t you and Jess take Castiel upstairs. Maybe he can help you find Grandma Deanna’s recipes?”
“Beggars can’t be choosers,” Dean snaps back, but he brings his hand to his mouth and licks it anyway, the heady scent making him briefly dizzy. It’s faint, but he can already tell Cas would taste totally different from Lisa or Tessa or Cassie.
Dean tugs at Castiel’s wrist, and when Castiel finally looks at him, that bright smile has faded somewhat. “I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t trust you,” Dean says softly.
Dean whips his head around, eyes wide and jaw slack. Castiel meets his gaze, unsure of why this is a surprise. Didn’t they have this conversation just a few months ago?
And Dean feels sick to his stomach. Nausea and self-loathing roil through him, leaving him limp and numb in Bela’s grasp. He’s guilty of more than Cas ever could be, and here he is acting like Cas is the villain.
A couple hours pass before Sam gets up off the couch. “Stay there,” he says when Dean shifts, then disappears upstairs. Dean frowns, confused, until Sam reappears, carrying a small white envelope in his hands, which he tosses into Dean’s lap before spreading back out on the couch.
Sam frowns, still pouting, but goes to do as his brother asks, mumbling to himself the whole way. Dean pulls the door closed, then turns to meet Castiel’s eyes.
Sam opens his mouth again, but Castiel clears his throat and gives Jo a small smile. “I’ve been coming here with my family every summer, as long as I can remember. So technically, I’ve been in Sileas longer than Sam has.” His smile widens as he turns it towards Sam, who laughs softly and shakes his head.
He puts a spoonful of ice cream in his mouth, just to distract himself, even if it’s more like goopy soup at this point. Pam still has her arms crossed on the table, an eyebrow raised as she studies him.
“Are you jealous?” Dean shakes his head. “You don’t have any reason to be jealous, Lisa. Those kisses didn’t mean anything, it’s just…” It’s just something he and Cas do. Dean can say all he wants that those kisses are meaningless, but he knows that’s a lie. He’s not sure what the meaning is, but he knows it’s there. He also knows that he cares about Lisa, probably loves her, and he doesn’t want her to be jealous of his friendship with Cas. “He’s my best friend. That’s it.”
Castiel shrugs, conceding the point, but Dean leaps to his defense again, hissing, “Dude, come on. We’ve talked about this.”
“Until you want to leave,” Dean says carefully. “If you end up not liking me or my family, you can go. Hell, if you just don’t like the castle, you can come back here. It’s drafty as hell this time of year.” He’s laughing, but it comes out hollow, so he clears his throat before continuing. “But if you want to be in the pup’s life, or, um…”
“Speaking of which, that’s why I wanted you to distract Mom. You can’t even smell him like this, and that’s tragic.”
, and I’m done caring what other people think about my relationship with Dean.” Now he rolls his shoulders, sighing as his muscles relax. “The past is the past, and I think I’m finally ready to start moving forward.”
, but Lisa gets to know?” Dean runs a hand through his hair, then turns to glare at Cas. “Who else knows besides Lisa?”
“Don’t call me Sammy,” is Sam’s response, dripping with the finest teenage annoyance. “I’m doing great.”
Dean glances up, and breaks into a glowing grin as he takes the offered sunflower, as Castiel sits down in the space next to him on the edge of the boardwalk. “Thanks, Don Juan,” Dean snarks, but that smile is too genuine, so Castiel just smiles back.
Castiel blinks, dropping his hands to his sides as he turns to Mary. She looks concerned, but behind her, Jess is grinning while Sam frowns and gestures with his hands, a silent encouragement to go after Dean.
, like he actually enjoyed beating people up, like he never felt guilty about it) and sixty hours of community service, in exchange for testimony against Alastair, is a much better option than Dean being stuck in a juvenile detention center for a year or two. And at least he’s not doing it alone - Ruby got the same deal. They’re not friends or anything, but at least Dean’s not the only one people whisper about at school.
. “You guys look like you had a good day,” Mary comments as she hangs up her coat. Charlie turns her grin to Dean, and he matches it.
Suddenly, the spike in Dean’s forehead explodes. Heat slides down his cheeks, into his neck and shoulders and lungs. All he can think about, replaying the conversation with Lisa over and over in his head until it twists and disintegrates, yelling over and over again,
Cas shakes his head. “I can’t give details, but it boils down to finding out that her crush likes someone else.”
The Beach Boys are fading away, so Castiel shrugs, conceding the point. “Probably. So that’s your theme? Vintage?”
Finally, Dean nuzzles deeper into Cas’s neck and mumbles, “Probably a little late for this question, but where’s Anna?”
Especially because Dean does exactly what he did last time. He situates himself at Castiel’s side and gives her a charming grin. “Mrs. Milton. You’re looking lovely this evening.”
A fresh wave of slick trickles out of Dean and he whimpers helplessly. Impala nickers softly, picking up on his stress, but she dances on her hooves, unsure of where to go. Dean’s done for now. His instincts are howling for a knot, for touch and affection, and that alpha smell has set everything ringing like church bells in his head. His saner mind is well aware that this is a bad idea, that strange alphas can be dangerous, and this one may not be willing to cuddle and nurse him the way he needs, may only be interested in sticking his knot somewhere warm a few times. But his instincts don’t give a flying shit.
“Don’t be so nice, that makes it worse,” Castiel groans, rubbing his hands over his face while Dean laughs again. He takes the advice, though, breathing deeply before dropping his hands and shuffling forward to let his head fall onto Dean’s shoulder. “Thank you.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Lisa joins in, leaning into Dean’s shoulder with a smile. Dean presses his nose into her hair, runs a hand through it, entranced by her nearness. “Maybe you should just come clean with your little secret. I’m sure Dean will understand.”
He makes it sound so simple that Castiel almost says okay. Because that’s the easy way. They can call themselves ‘boyfriends’ and hold hands and go to the movies and exchange kisses and all the other stuff they already do, only now it’s ‘official’ and apparently means something more. More
Still, he huffs a quiet thank you, pulling his hood tighter around his face as if to protect himself from his memories. “I don’t wish to discuss it just yet.”
i'm currently signed up for dcbb with a completely different fic. i plan on working on both young volcanoes and the dcbb at the same time, but that still means i can't give an estimate as to when the next chapter will go up. it should be shorter than this one, so hopefully not another two months, but again, i'm working on the dcbb too. as always, you can follow
The best part comes later, at their spot on top of the hill, when Lisa shyly takes her shirt off before leaning in for a kiss. Dean has no idea what he did to deserve this, but he happily returns the favor, and they fog up the windows with curious hands and heavy breaths. It doesn’t go further than that, but mostly Dean’s just happy to finally know that Lisa wears cute patterned bras that contrast her tan skin, and that she liked the dusting of freckles on his shoulders.
Sam goes quiet, still looking anxious, and Castiel takes a moment to think this over before saying, “But you want to kiss her.”
Dark gray clouds are rolling in over the ocean. The wind is high and ragged, so that Dean’s hair and t-shirt are whipping around when he steps away from the garage for just a moment. Business is slow today, most likely due to the weather, but Dean would still rather be here than at home. Two days into his punishment, and the house is already closing in on him, lonely and boring. At first, Sam had seemed pretty happy to have Dean around more often, but he still manages to escape before Dean even gets out of bed, probably out with Sarah or Andy or Jo, and Dean doesn’t see him again until dinner time
“Make your own goddamn breakfast,” Dean grumps, pulling the blanket over his head as Castiel groans and rubs his eyes.
“Dean Jonathan!” Jo calls, appearing from the back room with a crooked smile on her face. “What can I do for you today?”
Castiel watches him carefully for a moment, taking in the sadness and resignation in those green eyes. “Good things do happen, Dean,” he says, and Dean blinks before laughing.
That revelation tears something open inside Castiel, releasing the tight hold around his chest and he takes a heaving, gasping breath against Dean’s bare shoulder.
Silence sits heavy in the car as they drive back to the resort. Dean keeps glancing at Castiel, but Castiel won’t give him the satisfaction of looking back. Plus, he knows that it’ll just give Dean an opening to ask him what’s wrong, and if anybody is going to start this conversation, it’ll be Castiel. It’ll be on his terms.
“For all you know, he’ll just cut his losses. His enterprise is big enough now, I’m sure he could convince some football jock to do what you’re doing.”
Bela looks up at him again, surprise in her heavily-mascara'd eyes. "I've never seen you out there before, how do you know these people?"
Dean hums, pressing his lips against Castiel’s head. “Or maybe you’re just thinking too hard. Maybe she meant it.”
He hopes the warmth that Dean inspires in him isn’t what he thinks it is, but he doesn’t know for sure. He can’t be certain about any of this.
This chapter's a little exposition-y, definitely getting us from one place to another, but! Still some good info in there and kicking off some plotty things :) Enjoy!
But Dean doesn’t know that. When he meets Castiel’s eyes, he looks almost confused, or scared. But he opens the sketchbook about halfway through, and carefully starts to tear out a page. The wind makes it difficult, but soon enough, Dean is handing the paper over, carefully averting his eyes, and Castiel gingerly takes it, draws it near to take a good look.
Maybe Dean should just call back and go to that party after all. He can keep this up, as long as it keeps everyone safe. Protecting people is his job, after all. He can make a few sacrifices to ensure that no one he loves has to do so.
But Castiel’s mind is still bubbling with fear. Charlie’s mantra may work for her, but Castiel can’t really imagine anyone better for him than Dean. Maybe that’s youthful blindness, but it’s true.
She blushes, and tucks a lock of hair behind her ear. Something is off about her stance, her eyes darting back and forth, never really settling on Dean for longer than a few seconds. “I wanted to say I’m sorry.”
Dean groans and rolls onto his side. Mary whispers something he can’t hear, then there’s the sound of the door clicking shut. Dean closes his eyes, determined to go back to that black, empty sleep and maybe stay forever, but he can hear voices outside, and then the door opens again.
Pam manages to control herself, but Charlie and Jo stare unabashedly at the luxurious lobby, pointing out intricate designs in the rug and arguing about whether the lamp arms are gold or bronze. Jo looks almost excited when she realizes Castiel has to put in a code at the elevator, and sometimes Castiel feels guilty about how different their worlds are, but the girls all seem interested and amused by everything, so he swallows his guilt down and leads the way down the hall to his room.
They both look at Michael, who only tightens his jaw before retreating back to the kitchen. Castiel smiles again.
She sighs, and for a moment, all three of them pause to watch Sam on the field. He’s teaching the girls the proper technique to kick the ball across the grass, something Jessica is having a much easier time with than Anna. Now Sam is being kind enough to direct attention to both girls, but he’s still more physical with Jessica, and his smiles towards her have a special sort of glow.
There’s a rustle of fabric, and Cas sighs, making the speaker crackle. “Do you need me to come get you?”
“Why not?” Cas tugs against Dean’s grip, but for some reason, he’s not fighting as hard as Dean knows he can. Dean pulls him closer, refusing to give in. “Dean, it’s forgiven, I swear, just
Chuck makes a thoughtful noise, putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and guiding him back to the car. “Maybe another time,” Chuck says as they climb inside. “I think you should focus on yourselves for tonight.”
They breathe in tandem as they come down. The room is cold, and Castiel shivers, so Dean rolls back over to his bedside table, grabbing a few tissues to clean them with before pulling their pants back up, then lifting the blanket to their chins. Dean hums then, pleased, and buries his face in Castiel’s sweater, making more happy noises as Castiel lazily plays with his hair.
Jody cocks an eyebrow. “All the more reason for me to check it out,” she says with a sense of finality, putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder to lead him back to the boardwalk. Dean follows, lips twitching as if he’s fighting the urge to smile. Castiel punches him in the arm, which only serves to make Dean’s laugh bubble up to the surface.
It’s Castiel who reaches out to mess up Sam’s shaggy hair, laughing when he ducks and protests. Being the youngest brother in his family gives him a little sympathy for Sam, but at the end of the day, one of them is still younger and smaller than the other, and it’s hard to resist a little playful teasing.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in!” says Victor, getting up and putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “You come over here and sit by me, friend. We’ve got business to discuss.”
Dean wiggles under Castiel’s weight, huffing softly, before finally relaxing. “Cas,” he whispers. He shifts his head and meets Castiel’s eyes again. “Castiel.”
“Dead serious. I just start wailing on him, and his so-called friends are just watching from the sidelines. Jo’s the one who pulled me off and got us to high-tail it out of there.” Dean rubs the back of his neck, taking a deep breath. “Alastair approached me a few days later. See, he kind of has his own little enterprise between Astoria, Sileas, and Seaside. Kids come to him so he can buy them booze for their parties. He charges them almost twice what it’s worth, but y’know, Mom and Dad are out of town, a kid wants to have a good time. So when he says they can pay it off bit by bit, they say okay.” Dean shakes his head. “But they almost always fall behind. And that’s where I come in.”
In the Winchester Home, that’s apparently an array of snacks and treats. Dean starts making buffalo wings, meatballs, and various dips, while Sam ropes Castiel into helping him prepare plates of cheese and crackers. There’s ham and olives and pickles, three different kinds of chips to enjoy with what Dean is preparing, and Sam even sneaks some frozen jalapeno poppers and fried mushrooms into the oven while Dean scowls playfully at him.
He trails off, staring into the darkness. He’s no good at this. Dean is the one who’s been to therapy, who has all that training and knows how to say what he wants and how he feels. Castiel just has years and years of repression.
“I checked my naughty drawer, and turns out I’m out of condoms like I thought, and almost out of lube. Are you okay to go out and get those while I get ready?”
“Well, I don’t want to piss you off. But, sometimes, maybe it’ll work in my favor to piss you off.” He pauses, then leans in close to Castiel’s face, his nose brushing Castiel’s cheekbone. “Should I try to piss you off tonight?”
Cas’s eyes flick up and down, studying him. Dean’s about to protest and offer another apology, but then Cas smirks. “Will I survive?”
as, just before Dean’s lips press against his own. It’s sweet and short and it means everything, and Castiel only barely keeps himself from gripping Dean’s shirt and pulling him back in for more, when Dean sits back on his heels and gives him the radiant smile of the redeemed.
How Dean does this, Castiel may never know, but it’s really only a few minutes of slurping and whining and Castiel’s fingernails digging into the leather seats and the back of Dean’s hand before he’s coming, a choked noise of surprise bursting from his throat as Dean pulls back with a grunt. He’s quick to replace his mouth with his hand, though, working Castiel through it, pulling every last shiver of orgasm from him until Castiel is little more than a puddle, staring open-mouthed at the roof of the car and making helpless little noises as Dean cleans him up.
The paintings are unfinished, but gorgeous. From what’s there, Castiel can see Charlie, Pam, and Jo, but the styles and colors are noticeably different: Charlie’s red hair stands out against dark purples and blues as she sits surrounded by stars; Pam looks like a vintage circus poster, brandishing tarot cards in muted gold and crimson; and Jo grins and glows behind a turntable in neon pink and green.
So he closes his eyes and tries to sleep. But his dreams are plagued with sand and saltwater and summer green eyes.
Dean glances up to see Cas’s head tilted back, a pink tint on his neck and ears, and he hums softly before hollowing his cheeks, sucking hard enough that a low moan is ripped from Cas’s throat just before he comes.
Lisa knows that Dean works for Alastair. She knows that he's hired muscle and it gets him access to parties and other perks. She doesn't know that Dean got into it to protect his brother and the people he cares about.
By the time Mary stops by for a quick dinner before her shift at the Roadhouse, Dean has called six more times and left two more messages with no response. He’s genuinely worried, but doesn’t say a word to Mary or Sam.
“Anything you want to pack?” He asks Castiel. “Pup’s due in early spring, and with winter coming, I’m not sure we’ll be able to come back before then.”
Staring into white brilliance, Dean sees Cas’s eyes. Dangerous and sad, electric blue like a fallen angel, like a thunderstorm over the ocean.
Dean actually laughs. “I know. I know, it sounds fucking stupid, but it’s the truth. And I hate it, I hate hurting someone who just didn’t know what they were getting into, but…” And Dean stops walking, his shoulders slumped, all his energy gone. “But that’s the deal I made. If I take care of this side of Alastair’s business, he and his punks will leave my friends and family alone.”
It’s a completely different thing for Dean to recall that dream and pleasure himself to it. Especially when it features his male best friend willingly spreading his legs just for Dean to slide between.
Cas laughs softly, running his hand through Dean’s hair. “Not here. She was angry about having to leave, so Father took her out to calm her down and give me some time alone.”
Their friends are on their feet now, and a bass beat is thumping out across the ocean. Jo has her laptop open, her tongue sticking out the corner of her mouth, clearly whipping up a playlist or throwing a new mix together. Dean doesn’t recognize the song that’s currently playing; it’s a little too techno and definitely too dance for his tastes. But Charlie is pulling Gilda in for a kiss, which makes Dean smile as they approach, even as he deliberately avoids looking at Cas and Meg dancing nearby.
They fall silent for a moment, both angry and trying not to stumble as they walk downhill through rough terrain, with only each other for balance. The lantern is getting further and further away, but Dean doesn’t seem to be in any hurry, so Castiel doesn’t worry about it. He does, however, miss his footing and skid in the dirt before falling on his face, dragging Dean down with him.
Castiel makes a confused, wounded sound, but Dean shakes his head, tightly gripping Castiel’s hand in his own. “We’re not doing this.”
Castiel jerks away from Dean at the sound of Gabriel’s voice, his face heating up in embarrassment. Dean is still grinning, radiant in the fading sunlight, so Castiel takes it upon himself to look away, to take a few steps back. It’s hard to resist Dean in moments like this, and Castiel starts to realize that however much he
Dean winces when he notices. “I’m sorry about that. I didn’t have time to stop myself. I wouldn’t hurt you on purpose.”
Dean doesn’t take him to the mural, however. He leads Castiel around the side of the building, and pulls a key out of his back pocket to unlock a door. He smiles at Castiel again before tugging him inside, closing the door behind them.
Dean hesitates, wanting to ask him not to bring Meg, but decides against it. He truly does miss Cas, and if Meg is the price he has to pay to spend time with him, then so be it. “Great,” Dean responds, attempting a smile for no one’s sake but his own. “Come by my place in an hour?”
Dean doesn’t even bother to respond. He bounds out of the house, down the front stairs, and takes off running down the sidewalk. He’s not a trained runner like Cas, but he’s fast- he’s pretty sure he can make it to the boardwalk in time.
Everyone except Lisa snorts at the same time. Charlie is shaking behind her book, and Jo clamps a hand over her mouth, though that fails to keep her eyes from glittering mischieviously. Dean remains confused until Sarah rolls her eyes and nudges Sam. “Are you suggesting your brother make out with
Jo cuffs him on the shoulder and rolls her eyes. “Don’t sweat it, happens to a lot of tourists. Though I’m a little surprised I’ve never seen you around before.” At Castiel’s confused stare, she nods her head towards the main road, and continues: “My mom owns the Roadhouse, just up there. Anybody who stays longer than a week usually heads our way at least once, since there aren’t many other dining options.” She pauses, then grins cheekily. “And we have our own microbrewery, but that’s a whole other thing.”
That brilliant white light that Dean has been avoiding for so long finally makes itself known, spreads into every crevice in his head, so bright that his temples start to hurt, and for the first time, he lets himself acknowledge it. Says the words, if only to himself.
“I like that plan. I’ve missed you,” and she sounds sincere enough that Dean feels guilt piling on his shoulders. When she says things like that, those stupid dreams almost feel like cheating. The kisses, too.
But he doesn’t know how to fix this, and he doesn’t have a clue what will still be there if they do manage to figure it out.
Four years is still a long time. Potentially, it could be less, if Castiel really put his nose to the grindstone, but then when would he have the time to get away and actually see Dean?
. Seriously.” She laughs softly, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder, ignoring the way his eyes go wide. “When you sent him that expensive colored pencil set for his birthday? He spent about two weeks talking about how much he loved it and how happy he would’ve been just to get a card from you. At that point, I didn’t even know he could draw!” Again, she laughs, her smile bright against the gray clouds outside.
Castiel smiles at that and makes his way inside. His footsteps are still quiet when he walks through the cottage, grabbing a large jug and handing that off to Dean, who drinks it gratefully. The water out here is fresh and sweet in a way that Dean never gets at home, and he knows that’s not the heat talking. They use wells in the village and inside the fortress, so the water back home is often gritty and murky. There must be running water nearby.
called it that. So I’m not fucking crazy or blowing it out of proportion, and honestly, maybe that’s the problem. I can’t get past you cheating on me, because everyone keeps telling me I’m wrong.” He sits up a little straighter, meeting Dean’s gaze and finding strength in the way Dean’s expression changes, rapidfire between sorrow and pain and concession, as if Dean is
Castiel doesn’t want to say what he’s thinking, he doesn’t want to be that cruel. But at the same time, he has to know. He presses his other hand on top of Charlie’s, holding her in place as he whispers, “What if we just end up like you and Gilda?”
This is a mistake. After a third piece turns out darker than expected, Castiel bodily forces a giggling Dean to switch places with him. Dipping is hard to mess up, and he’s not sure why Dean would even think of putting Castiel in charge of the actual cooking part. Especially when Dean’s pieces turn out perfectly browned, placed on a separate plate that Dean has to keep swatting and kicking Sam away from.
“Nope.” And Cas is in Dean’s space again, a hand pressed firmly over his mouth. Dean’s breath hitches before he protests, but Cas leans in even closer, so that Dean has no choice but to meet Cas’s eyes. “There has to be something
He doesn’t see it, but he’s pretty sure Bela and Victor just exchanged some kind of look behind his back.
“Cas, don’t.” Dean’s smile becomes strained. “I’ve been doing this for a year now. I got kids all up the PCH who are scared to death of me. I get what you’re trying to do, but… don’t.”
“Don’t be a dick.” And Dean’s laughing louder now, shaking his head. “‘No homo’, you’re a fucking male model. The nerd stuff doesn’t matter, as long as you’re good-looking, and you know how to treat a lady. Which, considering how many female friends you have, you do.”
So Dean is free, for now. His mother had actually gotten the day off too, and hosted a barbecue for all their friends, so Dean is full to bursting with happiness, having been surrounded by loved ones and good food all day long. Cas had even come, with his brother and sister following awkwardly behind, but it didn’t take long for Anna to find friends in Sam and Jo, nor for Gabe to amuse himself annoying Bobby and making Mary laugh.
Dean huffs, gripping Cas’s cock again, matching his pace. “Can’t argue with that,” he grunts, then kisses Cas again.
And it’s certainly better than the other portrait, which is twisted in an entirely different way. This one has the same color scheme as the Hell wall, with Dean’s eyes and chest portrayed as black holes spitting smoke, shark-like teeth protruding from his mouth and piercing his lips and tongue, blood dripping over his chin. Castiel finds himself frowning at this picture, something caught in his throat as he puts the two portraits together and tries to solve the puzzle.
. Dean sobs softly, reaching his hand back and slipping a finger inside his slick hole, not caring that Castiel is still sitting next to him, trying to figure out how he can help Dean without succumbing to his own instincts.
But Lisa doesn’t notice, and keeps plowing forward. “Last night, I thought it would make you happy if I partied with you. So that’s what I did. But you know what Cas did?”
“Yes. And you told me you’re not.” Naomi smiles when Castiel blinks at her, his shoulders going tight. “The door stays open. Have fun.”
“I don’t want to talk about this,” Cas responds, still refusing to look at Dean. “It’s not important. We don’t have to fight, we can just… move on.”
It’s like Castiel’s sex drive is a very rare type of wood, and only Dean has the right kind of match to light it with. Maybe someone else could make it catch, but they would have to struggle quite a bit more than Dean has ever had to. All Dean has to do is press his teeth against the skin of Castiel’s neck, leave it pink and sensitive, and keep pulling Castiel closer like he can’t be close enough, even though Castiel can already feel Dean’s heartbeat pounding against his own. For Dean, Castiel is just that easy.
Castiel lets out a high-pitched giggle, ducking away from her and clutching the strings of his tote like a lifeline. “I think Dean might object,” he tries to joke, but his voice cracks again, and this time Charlie laughs.
Jess shrugs while Sam nods eagerly and nudges his brother. Dean frowns and pushes away from the island. “I need some air,” he announces before shoving past Castiel and heading out to the front porch, slamming the door behind him.
Dean’s peak lasts for hours. He comes and cries and can’t find satisfaction, until eventually, he passes out, his cock still angry red and hard. It’s a tough fight, but Castiel manages to restrain himself this time, limiting himself to above-the-waist touches, avoiding all sensitive areas, and occasionally allowing Dean to scent his wrists.
Dean considers himself a competent skater; he can get from point A to point B and stop effectively. Sam is a little clumsier, but that probably has something to do with the fact that he’s growing a good two inches a night. But Meg passes them like they’re standing still, even when she’s going backwards just to wave cheekily as she slides by.
“Hi, Aaron,” she says warmly, even though it’s clear that she’s unnerved by this situation. “The usual?”
“Okay,” Dean answers absently. He doesn’t need Missouri, but it’s probably better just to placate Sam at this point. “I’m going to bed. Don’t stay up too late.”
“Not really,” Anna pipes up, and thank God for that because Castiel isn’t sure he could keep a steady tone right now. “I wanted to go into town, and Cas was gonna take me.”
Dean tries to smile at Anna, but Anna just scowls at him. Her blue eyes are narrow, brow furrowed, and for a moment, Dean can see the family resemblance between her and Cas. It just makes his chest ache, makes him miss Cas all the more.
“No, it’s mine. I snuck out, I was cruel to my mother, and really, I deserve worse. I-” But he finds himself unable to continue when Dean has suddenly pulled him into a warm hug. Dean is solid and strong, and Castiel hugs him back, clinging to him like a rock in a storm. His pulse speeds up, and skips, and jumps; Castiel pushes his initial terror away, and allows himself to enjoy this feeling of safety and acceptance, just for now.
Dean tries not to resent Adam. He really does. But it’s hard listening to John talk like Adam is the most precious thing in the world, because Dean doesn’t remember John ever talking about him and Sam that way. Granted, Dean was only six when Mary took them away, and with every year that passes, he respects his mother and her decision more and more.
“I know it’s probably a little cliche, because of your eyes,” Mary says apologetically, as Castiel runs a hand over the shirt, surprised at how soft it is. “But the only other color they had was yellow, and that seemed worse.”
“And they wouldn’t play at a prom anyway,” Castiel continues, looking up at Dean where he stands behind his chair. “They’re a rock band. Prom is going to be more… well, you know. Pop, I guess. At mine, they played Rihanna, Usher, Chris Brown…”
“I can’t take any more mixed messages, Cas,” he says quietly, eyes cast downward. “Telling me you’ll always come back isn’t good enough when every other day you’re pushing me away. I need…” He pauses to clear his throat before meeting Castiel’s eyes again. “If you need space, that’s okay. If you still need to think about this, about us, then I want you to know that I meant it when I said I’d wait. But the back and forth without talking to each other… I can’t do that anymore. If I fuck up, you need to tell me what I did-”
But Sonny doesn’t comment on that. He looks at the unfinished painting for a moment, then back at the sketch before saying, “It’s good to have a muse.”
When he opens his eyes, Hannah is watching him with concern, but she’s stayed several feet away, her body poised to run, and Castiel chuckles to himself. However grateful she is, she remembers exactly how he freed her too.
Charlie rolls her eyes and ignores Jo’s pity party to finally ask Castiel, “Where are you going to school?”
“I got into a fight with Lisa today.” Dean glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye, but Cas just blinks blearily at him, waiting for more information. “It was about you.”
But despite the tizzy his body is going into, Castiel can’t help feeling sad. She’s teasing him, trying to draw him in, playing with him like a toy, and he knows it. He knows it because Dean has made the same promise, and meant it. Dean meant it enough that he made the town sheriff check up on the situation. Castiel can’t stop himself from reacting to Bela’s little touches, can’t keep his brain from buzzing whenever he thinks of those words (
Because this is nice. A bonfire on the beach for Jo’s sweet sixteen, with music playing in the background and enough cupcakes to put everyone in a sugar coma. It’s simple and perfect, and Dean really needs this kind of distraction right now.
There’s a tension in the room, heavy and uncertain, and no one seems to know what to say. Charlie slumps, burdened under the weight of it, and Pam stammers slightly, trying to cover all her bases. “I… well, I can’t really tell that part, just… I’m pretty sure you’ll be happy, but I’d have to see her palm first? I can’t know unless I know her.”
Castiel ignores Dean’s interruption, though Sam’s bright red blush and uncomfortable squirm is amusing in its own way. “When I got home from my first date, my brothers all sat me down at the table and insisted on giving me another birds and the bees talk. It was way more than I
“You were just friends then,” Cas supplies, resting his chin on his hand. Lisa nods, and Cas’s eyes dart to Dean. “Well, he sent me a very kind gift for my birthday. I thought it only right to return the favor.”
“You’re asking after an omega refugee, after living out in the woods by yourself for years.” She smiles brightly, the candlelight reflecting laughter in her pretty eyes. “It’s easy to assume.”
Michael whispers his name, admonishing, but Castiel is focused on his mother’s face. He’s never seen her eyes so bright before, never seen the tremor in her chin. Maybe he crossed the line this time.
“I think you missed the point on that one,” Dean mumbles against his skin. Castiel closes his eyes and clings to Dean’s warm hands.
Dean pushes his nervousness down, flashing a charming smile in Cas’s direction. “Let’s just get it over with,” he says, unsure of whether or not he’s acting. Cas spares a glance around the circle, and shrugs casually before leaning over and pecking a kiss to Dean’s lips. It’s less than their other kisses have been; Dean barely feels it, and while part of him is relieved by that, another part feels robbed.
Dean turns to blink at Cas before a bark of laughter escapes him. “Is that your way of saying I’m sexy?” he asks, but Castiel just casually shrugs his shoulders.
A rush of other memories threatens to open up, and Castiel pointedly throws the cloak over his shoulders, pulls the hood over his head, in an attempt to physically block them out. The rest of his worries fade away with a small, reassuring smile from Dean.
Cas arches an eyebrow. “What do you mean, I’ve seen your… oh,” he trails off and rolls his eyes when Dean laughs. “Put up or shut up, Dean.”
Meg laughs again, clearly seeing right through his lie. “Okay, Clarence, you go ahead and call me when you’re done being a whiny baby.” And before Castiel can respond, she hangs up. Even that seems almost gleeful.
on my tumblr for updates and announcements! (and please, feel free to harass me through messages - a lot of part 3 only got stumbled through because I knew people wanted to read it). Part 4 will be back in Cas's POV, and ohh, there is so much going down. So much good stuff. I'm so excited.
Castiel shrugs and grabs a handful of popcorn. “My dad shopped around a lot to get someone who would give him a good contract with lots of creative license,” he says absently. “It’s also why he picked TV over movies, since they’d have more opportunity to get the details right.”
“Who’s your Beatrice? Me?” And Castiel means for it to be a joke, but it doesn’t quite sound that way when he says, “Aaron?”
“He’s staying in one of the bungalows down at the resort,” Dean offers once they’ve reached the concrete, as Castiel is staring down Jody’s brown and white vehicle. He pointedly refuses to look at either of his companions, especially as they start whispering to each other. They don’t understand. Appearance is everything, and it’s one thing for Castiel to show up back at the resort sweaty and covered in sand. It’s another thing entirely for him to be escorted home by the townie sheriff. Gossip spreads fast, and it won’t matter what the truth is: exiting a police car is exiting a police car, and wagging tongues won’t care if he exits from the front seat or the back as long as they have a story to tell.
Still, Charlie manages a weak smile, shrugging. “The heart wants what it wants,” she says, and Dean thinks that maybe she understands her chances are slim after all. “But I was hoping you would help me with something.”
Castiel continues to watch Dean, and only realizes now that he’s leaning away as Dean leans in. “Explain.”
Bela withdraws her hand and smirks. "All right, then. It's a date." She leans back in her chair, pulling her phone out of her purse and turning her attention away from Castiel, who’s left in a bit of a daze.
John tries for a little longer, wrestling to get Sam to talk about soccer games, or needling Dean about girls he’s dated. John remembers their names for some reason, and where he won’t press Dean about art, he’ll certainly push him about Cassie and Carmen and Tessa. Like they’re important, even though Dean never told him more than a sentence or two about each girl.
Jo doesn’t buy it for a minute. She rolls her eyes and holds her hands towards the heavens before slamming them on the counter, making Dean jump. “I don’t know any more than Charlie does,” she says with a nod, “so don’t bother asking.”
“What does it matter?” Castiel hisses, turning away from Anna and staring down at the marble. “Mother and Michael already hate Dean, and Gabe has made it fairly clear that he doesn’t trust him either. So why should I bother? Maybe if I start dating Dean, they’ll all just hate me too.”
“Nah, I’d just be a huge third wheel.” She’s not wrong, which just makes Dean feel worse. As he pulls out onto the main road, Lisa gently places her hand over his. “I’m happy to meet him some other time. Tonight should be about you guys catching up. Besides…” She draws her hand back and leans into her seat, smiling slightly. “He’s only here for a few months. I get to have you all year long.”
One moment, Castiel is laying on his back, poking Dean’s shoulder and kicking Charlie’s shin as they try to find constellations in the clear night sky. The next, someone is shouting overhead:
“Yeah,” Dean manages to croak out, only then realizing that he’s thirsty as well. Castiel appears in the window, peering at him.
“A pleasant one, I’m sure,” Dean offers, quickly plastering a grin on his face. He slowly eases himself back into Castiel’s room, radiating charm. As if he thinks he can just smooth this whole thing over with a wink and a smile and a handsome face. “You should be nicer to your little brother, though,” Dean continues, dropping his tote and going to help Castiel stand up. “He might be bigger than you someday, and then you’ll be sorry.”
“Mother, I’m not dressed!” He says back, “Just hold on!” Dean is by the window, gesturing for Castiel to throw him his things, but just as Castiel lifts the totebag, his ears hone in on the sound of a key in a lock. He turns mid-throw, leaving Dean to scramble back inside and catch the bag before it falls and breaks his things, as Castiel rushes to the door, to open it just enough to see his Mother and Michael glaring at him.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. He feels free up here, far away from all his problems, and he’s able to swallow most his fears as he turns to Cas. “I was at a party tonight.”
She thinks it’s because Castiel and Dean were screwing like bunnies all night long. Castiel smiles weakly and wishes that were true.
"Do I? You don't know. Maybe I'm a slacker at school." Bela is staring at him again, but Dean is laughing, so Castiel shifts away from her again.
And without even giving Dean the opportunity to think about it, she’s up the stairs and out the door. And Dean is left reeling with everything she said, and everything she didn’t say.
Jealousy hits Castiel so hard it almost makes him dizzy, and it takes a moment for him to realize that that’s ridiculous. Dean had admitted that whoever he saw, he had ended things months ago, and Benny’s only been in town a few weeks. Not to mention, Benny had said he has a girlfriend.
Bela and her parents stopped by yesterday with a fruit basket and condolences, and Bela stays for an hour or so, having brought her brand new copy of
, obviously.” Jo frowns hard, her eyes narrowing. “You and Dean having gross, goopy feelings for each other is still a thing, right?”
“In your mom’s car,” Cas answers, starting to back out. There’s three brown-and-white police cars now, probably Sileas’s entire fleet, and Jody Mills steps out of the sheriff’s car with a megaphone in hand. It’s chaos now, kids everywhere, whistles blowing, people yelling, the bass from the stereo still thumping, and above it all, the distinct yelp of police sirens.
“Since Bela’s taken an interest in you, we thought we’d sit you down to have… a little talk.” Michael says carefully, and now he can’t keep the grin off his face. Castiel quickly shakes his head.
Dean actually stops walking and looks at Castiel, who returns the favor by meeting Dean's eyes as he continues, "Within a few hours, you and your friends made me feel more accepted than I have ever felt in my many years here. So thank you."
“For what?” Dean’s arms wrap around his shoulders, an embrace that’s more about enjoying being close than attempting to get closer. Castiel sighs, nuzzling into Dean’s neck. He’s grateful for so many things: for Dean’s respect of his wishes, for Dean’s thoughtfulness in planning tonight, for Dean’s willingness to make nice with his brothers, for Dean being so quick to forgive while understanding that Castiel doesn’t have it so easy…
“Why would you worry about me?” Castiel says with a sigh, leaning over his knees. Though there’s still an aura of pity around it, Lucifer looks almost affectionate for once. He shrugs, however, keeping it casual.
Charlie’s whole face falls, taking Dean by surprise. “We don’t have to watch it,” Charlie starts, but Dean puts a hand on her shoulder, leaning down to try and meet her eyes.
Cas blinks up at him, then smiles slightly. “I never thought…” He sighs and leans away, his arms still tight around Dean’s waist. “Dean, you’re irresistible. Did you know that?”
Dean starts to speak, but cuts himself off with a gasp when Castiel presses up close, their torsos and hips slotted together. He wiggles slightly, but Castiel holds him firm, and that’s when Dean grins.
Dean doesn’t move. He stares at the nearly-empty bottle in his lap, breathing slowly, and Castiel frowns, a little hurt. This is the first time they’ve seen each other in almost a week, and Dean knows that Castiel’s been on lockdown, but he won’t even spare a glance for him? So much for Kirk and Spock.
He hasn’t kissed Cas in ages, and he wants to try it again, now that he understands why the urge keeps striking him. Now that they’ve decided to try again. Meg? Who’s that? Who cares? Dean leans forward, and he’s pretty sure Cas is leaning towards him as well, so he closes his eyes, lets himself enjoy the way his heart is practically vibrating in his chest, and-
This floor has two arched windows facing Main Street, and they’re high enough to have a view of the ocean, but that’s not what catches Castiel’s attention. Lit up by the afternoon sun, Castiel spins around to see the other three walls, each with an unfinished mural. The wall to his right is painted in mottled reds and browns, filled with flames and pained faces. The back wall is black and white and gray, a river separating gray human silhouettes from monsters with sharp teeth, and to the left is blues and whites and golds, clouds and sunlight, and when Castiel looks closer he can see that the finished faces are clearly Jo, Charlie, and Sam. There are others in that crowd, joyfully welcoming a currently-faceless body into their midst, and when Castiel turns back to the opposite wall, he recognizes a face he hasn’t seen in a long time: Alastair, grinning mercilessly at the screaming body that kneels before him.
"I'm glad I met you," Castiel manages to say, as they make their way behind the short line of houses. Dean glances at him, and laughs slightly.
if there's anything you're curious about! updates and info will be posted there as well, if you want to know when part two goes up :)
"I'm sorry." Balthazar returns to his cooking, stirring something slowly. "I mean that. I can't imagine what that must be like."
Sonny had said not to worry about that though, so Dean spends a little more time filling in the details, making the lines clearer, so that he won’t mess the whole thing up when he’s finally ready to paint it. He doesn’t even notice Sonny standing behind him until his teacher clears his throat.
Bela sighs, rolling her eyes. “Well, Mister Drama Queen, clearly he doesn’t. And I never said I liked you in the first place.”
Castiel snorts, his hands moving to slide down Dean’s arms, interlacing their fingers over Impala’s reins. “That is unsurprising.”
“At the Roadhouse?” Castiel says, sliding into the passenger seat and biting back a smile as Dean rolls his eyes.
“How would you know? You’ve never let me read yours. I bet I could tell you things even you don’t know about yourself.”
Castiel goes quiet as he sorts through and puts away all the questions in his mind, as the line moves forward again. Mildred is next to order, and Castiel asks, “Would you like to see a picture of him?”
Lisa bites her lip and turns to Victor, who nods and stands up. “I’ll take you home,” he says, and Dean must give something away, straightening up or making a noise, because Victor holds a placating hand up and says to him, “It’s late, I’ll just make sure she gets home. Don’t be like that. It’s not like that.”
“What did you mean?” Castiel presses. He leans forward, and Dean’s nerves spark all along that side of his body, making his muscles twitch. That burn jumps up to an inferno before Dean can even process it, and the next thing he knows, he’s drenched in sweat and slick again, panting and writhing and kicking the blankets away because the heat is consuming. He whimpers, rolling onto his stomach and pulling his knees underneath his body.
“If I want to break away, I’m going to have to say no a few more times, and then what?” Dean argues. Cas is usually the big picture person, asking about Dean’s future and trying to prod him towards new possibilities. Dean shouldn’t have to explain this to him.
Dean blinks at her, surprised. She’d never mentioned that to him before. Pam winks at him before gesturing at the cards. “Do you see anything?”
Dean, and it means so much just to feel that again, to feel genuinely comfortable in Dean’s arms without having to struggle. He shifts until they’re almost laid out on the blacktop, his face pressed into Dean’s chest, their legs tangled together, and he laughs. Dean’s arms tighten around his shoulders, and when he feels a kiss being pressed into his hair, Castiel says, “That reminds me of a song.”
“Hey, son.” And it’s been a while since Dean has seen his father in person, but he’d bet money that John looks just as tired and tense as Mary does. Their marriage didn’t end well, after all, and it’s only since January that John has made a concentrated effort to actually be in his sons’ lives. Too little, too late, in Mary’s opinion. And Sam’s.
“You don’t get to boss me around.” With this declaration, the omega actually sits up and manages to glare at Castiel, who is impressed despite himself. “Not my alpha. You rejected me.”
At one point, Dean catches his eye and winks at him, and Castiel has to force himself not to giggle, though he does bow his head in an attempt to hide his blush. When did it become so easy to fluster him? And if this is how it will be, if Castiel says yes and he and Dean label their relationship as something other than friendship, why the hell is Castiel so afraid? This is comfort. Warmth. Safety. Of course these are things Castiel wants, and they’re all wrapped up with Dean.
“I need help,” croaks Dean, and proceeds to relay what just happened. Cas listens carefully, never interrupts, even when Dean starts to go off about his fears, about what could happen to his mother or his brother or the girls he loves like sisters, about how his only option is to keep doing what he’s been doing.
“I said ‘no homo,’ calm your tits!” Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “Bed-head, blue eyes, clear skin, you’re golden. From a completely objective point of view, of course.” He clears his throat, turning his eyes back to the moonlit trees. “You’re going to have hundreds of opportunities to kiss somebody else before you even turn sixteen.”
“I don’t need a babysitter,” comes Castiel’s voice, dripping with annoyance. Dean grins anyway, and gently pushes past Jess to seek his alpha out.
Castiel opens his mouth to respond, but is distracted by the roar of an engine. Bela swears under her breath as they both turn to see a black behemoth of a car pulling into the parking lot. Castiel tilts his head, a thread of memory just out of reach, until he gets a glimpse of the driver.
“That’s my boy.” Dean winks at him, but there’s sadness behind it, and in the press of lips to Castiel’s forehead. “Okay. Do your homework, get good grades, win trophies, make me proud.”
Dean calls one more time, and leaves a brief voicemail asking if Cas wants to hang out and to call him back.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Dean asks, his voice low. “Shit, do you have no respect for privacy? I’m telling you about all the shit my mom goes through, and that’s not enough, you’ve gotta dig through-”
“I’ll be right there next to you the whole time,” Dean whispers, smiling. Castiel doesn’t smile back, but he nods slowly, and takes Dean’s hand when it’s offered. There’s a hint of sadness in his scent, rather than fear, but Dean figures they can come back to that after this fiasco is over; if the King scents fear, he’ll jump all over it, so anything is better than that.
On the other hand, it’s an entirely different thing to find out complete strangers have seen his work. It’s hard enough showing the people he’s close to. Dean realizes that he’d told Cas to go ahead and post the drawings he gave him up in his dorm room, but it still makes his skin crawl. He can’t even picture these people in his head, but they’ve seen his artwork. His pride. His soul.
“It’s been… tempestuous. Between us.” Castiel stares at the table, fidgeting with his fingers. “He hasn’t explained himself well, and I got tired of asking and not getting a satisfying answer.”
Cas blushes slightly, but he looks pleased that Dean remembered that much. “I roomed with some of my teammates, so they kept me pretty entertained. They loved your drawings, by the way.”
“Did you kiss somebody else?” She asks quietly, eyes searching Dean’s face. He’s a little surprised by how obviously hurt she is, just at the thought, but now that he knows for sure how she feels, he can’t keep lying to her.
Dean moves to mirror Cas’s position on his side, putting a little more space between them as he does so. “You got a girl you wanna date?”
“I know, I said I’m sorry.” Dean scuffs his toes through the gravel, shoves his hands in his pockets, and sighs. “Do you want a ride back?”
“Why can’t you?” Jo zips up another speaker, then leans over it to glare at Dean, who releases Cas’s wrist just to throw that arm around his shoulder.
“Then go to sleep. I’ll be in the bedroom if you need me.” After another hesitation, she awkwardly pets Dean’s head. He doesn’t wake, but Castiel feels his shoulders shift against him, and he nestles back into Dean without having to think about it, his arm still slung across Dean’s waist.
Naomi lifts an eyebrow, then shakes her head, tutting softly. “I can’t say he’s been a good influence on you, Castiel. Just look at your behavior as of late. Sneaking out, lying, asking Gabriel to lie for you… and Michael told me what you did last night.” She looks so genuinely disappointed that Castiel can’t help feeling guilty for what he’s done. Yes, Dean and Charlie and Jo are his friends, but they are not his family, and perhaps he has been neglecting his siblings. “I think Michael was right to tell you not to spend time with that boy anymore, and frankly, your brother’s decision should have been enough. You know he’s in charge while we’re gone, I shouldn’t have to worry about you kids like this when I’m already so busy with your uncle’s work.”
Castiel actually laughs at this, pleased not to be alone in this passive-aggressive battle against the king, but then they turn a corner, and Lisa stops climbing. Castiel nearly runs into her, and quickly peers up to see what’s wrong.
Honestly, Dean is happy to leave them thinking that that’s it. The whole point of his kiss with Cas was to take attention away from Charlie’s wish to kiss Jo, and if that means sticking with the scheme even at this point, if it means his friends look at him a little differently, then he’ll take it. For Charlie’s sake.
It’s a tragic, painful image. Castiel feels a surge of guilt and disgust, and has to close his eyes, to lean in and subtly scent Dean’s hair. Apples and cinnamon and the new, sweeter smell of the baby, it all comes together to soothe Castiel, to push away horrific memories and terrible what-ifs.
Dean blinks in surprise; he knew that Cas would still be mad at him, but it didn’t occur to him that Anna might still be angry too. She wasn’t the one he hurt, after all. Then, he figures he’d probably be pretty pissed if somebody hurt Sammy like that, so he scoots back a little, giving Anna some space.
“Can’t say.” Castiel scowls, preparing for some sort of punchline, but the look Gabriel gives him is void of any sort of amusement. “They check it to see if it’s still there, so you can’t steal it back. Not unless you plan on returning it before Michael gets home every day.”
“Northwestern,” rolls off his tongue, but it sounds strange, like he’s still getting used to saying it. “Near Chicago.”
Dean doesn’t know how he feels. Castiel can look at all those paintings and see how Dean sees him and
Her other very good point was that they wouldn’t even have beer in them until she filled them tomorrow morning. “So get movin’!”
“There’s a hundred bucks on there, just for you.” Sam sits up and pokes Dean’s shoulder. “And you can’t spend it on groceries for me and mom or whatever. Cas, Charlie and Jo all insisted. It has to be spent on you.”
Castiel blinks at them for a moment longer, contemplating this. Everyone at the resort pronounces the town’s name the same way he does, but considering so few of them actually go out and converse with the locals, there’s a definite chance that something has been missed along the way. “Oh. I apologize.”
“You’re not even dressed yet!” Bela scolds, stepping past Lucifer to approach a shell-shocked Castiel. “Did you forget?”
It’s Gabriel’s turn to raise an eyebrow, and he opens his mouth to say something, but Anna returns just then, and the opportunity is lost.
“If I may,” Jody says slowly, though she ignores the way Naomi’s eyebrow raises, signifying that she certainly may not. “I understand that Castiel has been out of line. Sneaking out, running off… I have a son too, and I would be just as angry if he were the one on trial here. But, out of curiosity… what did Dean do?”
To Castiel’s surprise, Mary emerges from the kitchen, rolling her eyes as she approaches with arms extended. “I said he could stay up until you got home,” she says, quickly hugging Dean, then reaching to do the same to Castiel. He’s still always surprised when she includes him in her affection, as if he’s one of her own.
While Castiel was busy panicking, all four doors of the car have sprung open. Dean, Sam, Charlie, Jo, and another boy that Castiel doesn’t recognize are all staring at him, and Castiel blushes, trying to get his wet hair out of his face. Maybe it
Lisa shifts next to him, and when Dean glances at her, she’s pulled the blanket up over her chest and is staring pointedly at the ceiling.
“I love you,” Castiel says, trailing kisses down Dean’s forehead to his nose, pleased when Dean shifts up the bed to kiss him properly. “I love you so much.”
Lisa picks up her purse from where she’d dropped it next to the stairs, then meets Dean’s gaze from across the room. “It’s Cas or me,” she says. “I’m sorry.”
To lighten things up, Charlie prompts Dean into a conversation about the new Batman movie, which leads to a discussion about who was the best Batman. Jo’s mother takes a break from book-balancing to make everyone milkshakes, and Castiel likes her immediately, even though she’s gruff and abrasive in a way he’s never seen from a woman before. Or, perhaps, that’s exactly why he likes her. Sam arrives an hour later, accompanied by an equally gruff man who Dean explains is his uncle Bobby, Ellen’s husband and Jo’s step-father. Regular customers are starting to come in too, and they want something stronger than milkshakes, so Bobby shoos the kids off to a corner booth. When Mary comes in for her shift, she stops by the table with burgers for everyone, and even takes a few moments to sit with her boys and try to keep up as they tell her what they’ve been up to today.
"Wait," Dean says, and if his cheeks start to turn pink he can pretend they don't. "Will you follow me out to the lobby?"
, and is struck with the memory of being in the car with Dean, playing songs that provide comfort when Castiel feels morose about the distance between them. Dean had understood what the songs meant, that they reflected Castiel’s feelings, and it was easier for Castiel to express and discuss them with that single degree of separation.
“Nope. Nothing. Mike thinks there might be something to all the times Luke threatened to go to San Francisco, but we don’t know for sure.” Gabe closes his eyes, then takes Anna’s hands in his own. “Annie, please don’t cry. We’re gonna be fine.”
“The stream,” Castiel answers. He has soap and clean cloths tucked away at a little embankment covered in flat stones, and a little cool water will probably do wonders beyond just cleanliness for Dean right now. “You’re covered in sweat and come, so a bath can’t be put off any longer.”
“For what,” Dean mutters, “for showing up here, with Bela? Not telling me about your dad? Not even trying to get in touch with me while you were on lockdown?"
It’s not that he doesn’t want to see Dean. Of course he does. He always misses Dean during the school year, even the year he shut him out. It feels like a part of him is missing, and the thought of being reunited with Dean is almost a relief.
It's flawed logic and a poor play on his emotions, Castiel knows, but he can't help panicking at the thought of not being allowed to run with his team next year. "No! No, that won't be necessary."
At this, Sam actually does glance at Castiel, a skeptical gleam in his eye. “You mean it’s not intentional? ‘Cause you might want to tell your dad to tone it down if it’s not.”
Jo slams a Dr. Pepper float in front of Dean, glaring at him as she makes her way around the table, dropping off other orders. Dean glares right back, tightening his jaw when she takes a seat next to Gilda.
“Didn’t anyone ever tell you it’s rude to stare?” She reaches over to turn the radio on, then switches to an oldies station. Normally, Dean doesn’t like anyone changing the music in his vehicle, but y’know, oldies aren’t so bad. Better than that emo shit Jo and Sam are so obsessed with. The Drifters are singing about romance by the sea, and Dean gently grips Lisa’s hand before she can pull back, and brings her knuckles to his lips. When he glances at her from under his lashes, she’s smiling widely, and leaning over to close the distance between them.
"So just... give us a year," Cas continues, and Dean grins outright when he hears the word 'us.' "We'll see what happens when I get back."
. Soap and laundry detergent and just a hint of peppermint. Dean hugs him back, clinging to his t-shirt, and lets that smell calm him.
“Required.” He can practically hear her smirk. “Meet us there at two. And before you ask, no, Dean won’t be there because he has to work.”
Dean rests his head against Jo’s and studies the cards again, before lifting his eyes to meet Pam’s. She’s smiling gently at him, like she knows something he doesn’t, and a shiver runs down Dean’s spine, forcing him to turn away, staring at the sky.
“Are you Charlie?” Castiel asks her, and she nods, smiling brightly as she pats the empty sand beside her. He takes the seat, carefully setting his shoes aside, and smiles back. “I’m sorry if I’m intruding on your party.”
He’s halfway to town when he realizes he’s laughing, infinitely pleased with himself. He’ll pay for his insubordination the next time he sees Michael, but for now, he’s free. And the people who truly care about him are waiting, just a few more minutes away.
had suggested Cas - if he’d just listened to Charlie and kissed Victor, maybe he and Lisa would be naked in the back of his truck by now.
Behind him, Anna sighs, and springs creak as she falls back onto her bed. “Are we gonna tell everybody we’re back and go party tonight, then?”
The drive is short, but Castiel’s heart is beating in odd, senseless rhythms as he pulls up in front of that old green house, and he fiddles with his tie all the way up the stairs. He takes a moment to try and compose himself before knocking on the door, and in the seconds that follow, he frantically tries to decide if he would be panicked or ecstatic if Dean should be the one to answer.
Dean groans again, pushing the plate away, but Mary just pushes it back, dropping a fork onto the porcelain. “It’ll help your stomach,” Mary says calmly, pulling up a stool to sit across from Dean with a plate of her own. “If I’m wrong, then maybe I’ll lighten your punishment a little bit.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “You’re such a chickenshit. I’ve only met her once, but I’m pretty sure when a girl wants to break up with a guy, she just does it. So you need to call her, before she gets fed up and calls you.”
for regular updates! and, if you like what you're reading, please send a message/leave a review, or rec it! i write much faster when i know i have an audience, and the bigger the audience, the faster i'll work! thanks for sticking with me and being so patient!
"I didn't-" Cas starts, but he stops himself, dropping his hands to his side. "Okay, I did, but it was for your own good!"
Dean is beaming when he sees Castiel, like all is right in the world, and for all he knows, it is. The last time they got together, Castiel had danced with him and tackled him during the frisbee game just to steal a kiss. Dean looks at Castiel like he’s the sun and moon and stars and the entire galaxy wrapped up in human form, and Castiel can’t take it.
Like their prom tales, how Dean took Jo and she was so excited she tripped on the stairs coming in and ripped her dress, but when Victor stole her for a dance, she was suddenly all smiles again. How Cas took Anna but after meeting up with Uriel, Balthazar, Meg, and a few other friends, they all ditched and took a night out in the city, sneaking into clubs and everyone but Castiel ended up having just a little too much to drink.
“It’s not that hard to figure out! I’m mad because he was supposed to wait for me, and he didn’t. It has nothing to do with what happened, or didn’t happen, on that date.”
“Of course we were.” Jo offers up an innocent smile, resting her chin on her hands. “Now go get some ice cream so we can get started on Operation: Deastiel.”
Lisa folds her hands behind her back, shrugging. “I’m glad you finally told me what your super-secret job is,” she says softly. “I’ve never really been to a party like this before.”
He heads down the hallway, past the basement stairs and through the dining room, towards an open pair of pocket doors near the back. Peering in, he can see Dean shuffling around by the fridge, digging groceries out of bags and putting them away. Mary is by the stove, pulling out a large pot and setting it up on one of the burners. She looks up and smiles when she sees Castiel.
“Will I still get to see you?” he asks softly. Dean blinks, then remembers he forgot to include some very important information.
Hannah hesitates, glancing around the room. There’s not much to look at, however, so she stares at the floor as she speaks, “I’m glad to finally have the opportunity to thank you for what you did.”
. “I don’t think he’d ever put me before you and Sam. At least, not right now, maybe not until Sam goes to college.” He shrugs, as if waiting that long is no big deal. “So, I never bothered to ask.”
This is what invisibility feels like. It’s choking and heavy and makes Dean feel itchy in his own skin, like if he doesn’t do something crazy and get a few eyes on him, then he’s going to collapse in on himself and nobody’s going to care. He thinks that maybe this is the kind of situation he should remove himself from, but he promised to help Ellen, and he can’t just run out on a promise.
Dean furrows his brow, then exhales and shoves his hands in his pockets. Bela is still grinning and Victor is still smirking and Dean feels like he’s missing the vital information required to be in on the joke. The joke is that Dean’s unlovable, isn’t it? At least in a romantic sense. They’re both laughing at him for thinking someone might be in love with him. Bela’s waiting for him to ask who she knows so she can laugh in his face.
“You should tell His Majesty, if you are,” Lisa continues, her tone a little more serious. “There’s a lot of…
Castiel shoves another handful of cereal in his mouth and thoughtfully swipes his thumb over the screen. Maybe Meg and Anna are right. He knows he’s afraid of how badly Dean could hurt him, but maybe keeping his distance isn’t the right way to handle it. Especially when he knows they’ll just end up back together anyway.
“Would it make a difference?” Dean pointedly refuses to look at Jo. “If he doesn’t want to hang out with nerds, then he doesn’t want to hang out with nerds.”
Gabriel shrugs, and they both wince at the sound of another smashed plate. “Anywhere but here. I’ll give you a ride into town, and then we can split up and do whatever.” In the kitchen, Michael is yelling about adulthood and responsibility, and Castiel cringes.
Still, he smiles and tucks a lock of hair behind Lisa’s ear before leaning in, attempting to kiss her, but Lisa jerks back. She’s frowning out towards the parking lot, so Dean follows her gaze, confused.
Naomi raises an eyebrow, then nods slowly. “I suppose that would allow me some time to settle in. Has one of you been sleeping in the bedroom?”
Dean thinks it looks like a canvas. If he had a big enough idea and a ton of paint, he could probably make something beautiful with all that empty space.
But this feels like a Dean thing. Gabriel’s pranks are much more subtle, and he likes to work alone. Also, Anna might have been mad enough at Castiel to give him the cold shoulder for a little while, but she seemed almost happy to be able to have a conversation with him again after Jo’s birthday party.
“She’s all right.” Ash shrugs, picking at his fingernails. “Better taste in music than some people we know.”
. Watching that movie had been Jo’s idea, and though Dean had made a big fuss, and made fun of the songs and characters throughout the film, Castiel had seen the drawing in Dean’s sketchbook: Danny Zuco with his pompadour and leather jacket, a cigarette between pouted lips. It was far too accurate and affectionate to be a joke, and Castiel smiles to himself, digging his toes in the sand. No, Dean’s not just a boy, and never just a memory.
Dean’s eyelids flutter, his lips parting in surprise, before he lets out a joyful noise and claps Castiel on the back. “Holy shit, Cas! Good for you!”
“Yes,” says Jo, and Castiel is absolutely unsurprised that she is unaffected by his sad eyes and over-dramatic frown. “Dean was really hurt that you didn’t come to the movie last night.”
“Michael,” she says, sharp and powerful and much more like the woman Castiel remembers from his childhood, “if you can’t handle this situation with poise and dignity, then maybe I should look into coming out of retirement.”
“You’re not supposed to have a sense of humor, kid,” though Gabriel smiles anyway. “Now get out of my car.”
Dean flips the paper over. That’s it. Whatever this was supposed to be, an unsent letter or a journal entry, it’s unfinished. Dean has more questions, though he supposes the big one was answered somewhere between the lines, but he’s still left confused.
Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand, drawing his attention, and tries to distract him. “I don’t even know how old you are.”
At first, Castiel is almost flattered. Nearly touched. Dean doesn’t talk about his father a lot, even though Castiel could tell from the record collection and the car that John is important to him, regardless of what happened when Dean was a child. So it does mean
Dean meets his gaze for a moment, then smiles and ruffles Cas’s hair. “Well, I’m here if you need me,” he says, stretching out on the couch. “So read away.”
Cas’s voice is soft and scratchy, weighted down with sleep, and Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel, hating the way it spreads over his shoulders like a security blanket. Tension starts to eke out of his muscles, and he takes a deep breath, but says nothing.
Dean watches Lisa, the wind casting stray locks of hair about her cheeks and ears, ruffling her bangs as she watches him back, her brown eyes wide. The light is starting to dim as the sun prepares to set, but Lisa is still glowing, and Dean sighs. He’d wanted to take her to the beach tonight, sit out on a towel under the stars until her curfew. He’d wanted to hold her close, feel her breath on his neck when she laughs, her warm skin buzzing underneath his hands.
It would be easy to open up now, as Castiel leans into him, pressing gentle kisses to his lips. To say that he’s a prince and he wants to keep Castiel, take him back to civilization and maybe make him royalty as well. But there are traditions to be followed, and maybe Castiel would prefer to stay here in the woods anyway, so Dean swallows the words and tears himself away, pulling himself onto Impala’s back before he can change his mind.
windy,” Sam adds. “Plus, no one is in town except Charlie. That kind of thing is only fun in a big group.”
Bela sighs and reaches over to put a hand on Dean’s knee. The touch is light, intended to keep his attention and comfort him, which again strikes Dean as odd. “Can I offer a bit of free advice?” Bela asks, then continues without waiting for Dean to respond: “Call Cas. You’re treating him like shit, and he deserves better than that.”
Dean shakes his head, but Cas keeps shuffling his feet, trying to keep up with the rhythm. He’s clearly trying to cheer Dean up after that phone call, and the terrible part is, it’s working.
They're quiet the whole journey up, until Castiel jiggles the rooftop door open and they step back into thick, humid air and angry skies. The wind is high and sharp against Castiel's skin, so he gestures for Dean to join him on the ground, their backs pressed against the little shed that houses the top of the stairs. This helps to block the wind, but Castiel smirks at Dean and says, "Still seem like a good idea?"
Meg snorts, ignoring his hand. “You too, Prince Charming,” she says dismissively, leaning into Cas’s chest. For all his staring at Meg, Cas doesn’t even seem to have noticed the way she just snubbed Dean. That, or he doesn’t care.
Castiel leans back against the arm of the couch, frowning at the ceiling. This is the fourth voicemail Jo has left, and those mixed in with the three from Charlie has been a wonderful juxtaposition, an expose on good cop-bad cop or war and peace. That’s always been Charlie and Jo, however: sugar and spice, and judging by Jo’s increasingly angry messages, apparently that spice is hot and lingering like cayenne.
“I don’t want to talk right now,” Castiel says stiffly, climbing to his feet. He takes a few deep breaths, settling that rising fury in his gut by watching the way Dean grabs Jo and spins her under his arm before passing her off to Victor, who grins like Prince Charming while Dean laughs. “I don’t want to ruin Jo’s party by fighting with Dean, and I know that’s what a conversation with you is going to lead to.”
“But it’s true.” Castiel barely suppresses his smile as she exasperatedly rolls her eyes. “I don’t need to call her. It’s fine.”
Not that she was around much for Gabriel and Lucifer when they were eighteen, but Castiel figures it’s a wasted argument. The only thing that could come from it is he’ll end up having to sleep out in the main room with Anna, and to be honest, with the way things have been going lately, a little place to escape to at the end of the day would be nice.
There’s noise on the other end, fabric rustling, doors closing, Cas swearing softly. “The elevator code is 6776. We’re in room 1268, meet me there.”
That’s so brightly lit and open, and there might be a lot of people wandering around that will see Castiel’s purchase and know exactly what he’s doing tonight.
“It started out a little rough,” he admits, and when Mary gives him a knowing look, he gestures in her direction. “We should have listened to your warning. But we figured it out.” He glances at Dean, who looks up just in time to catch his gaze. “I’m glad we did this.”
A hint of pink appears in Dean’s cheeks, and Castiel smiles to himself as he folds up the towel and shifts to slide it under himself, trying to protect the chair’s vinyl covering.
“Well, if it’s something new, we should have a conversation about it. Make sure we’re on the same page.”
“And here I thought that’s just how Dean greets his friends,” Castiel says drily, resting his chin in his hand. “Sorry if that bursts your bubble.”
Charlie scoffs. “Jeez, if this is the kind of miscommunication that happens in long distance relationships, I’m almost glad me and Gilda broke up.” She pauses for a tense second, then drops her shoulders with a sigh. “I’m not gonna sell you on Dean. I’m not going to defend his choices, and I don’t really want
“I don’t even want to know what that means,” Castiel mutters, though he’s pretty sure he already has a good idea - the portmanteau is pretty unique.
!” Bela yells over her shoulder, nudging Charlie until she joins in. Victor launches his foot out, aiming to kick Bela’s leg, but with Castiel between them, it’s he who gets the brunt of it, hissing in pain, and reaching down to rub at his shin. Beside him, Bela gasps dramatically.
“Dean,” and Cas sounds abnormally loud in his ear, his voice breaking over the single syllable, and Dean realizes he’s spoken all of this aloud.
“Yes. If you’re able to follow this discussion during your heat, then you must be a very strong-willed omega.”
He keeps pounding on the door, yelling at Cas to open up, that he wants to apologize, please hear him out. He doesn’t give up, even when nobody answers. Somewhere down the hall, a woman yells at him to shut up, but Dean ignores her, even when she threatens to call security. He just has to talk to Cas. Just one more chance to explain himself, just long enough to-
,” Cas insists. Dean lifts his eyebrows, surprised that not only would Cas defend him to his girlfriend, but that he would specifically recognize what makes Dean feel most vulnerable and attempt to protect him. Meg rolls her eyes, which just makes Cas sigh heavily. “And why are you calling him Napoleon?”
Dean is seriously considering going home by the time they arrive, exchanging pleasantries with the other occupants at the table, and honestly the fact that Dean is the only one who doesn’t like them just makes him feel worse. Bela scoots in next to Charlie, immediately engaging her and Gilda in a conversation about
Naomi’s lips tighten, but otherwise, nothing changes. Castiel carefully withdraws his hand and picks the cereal box back up, sliding off the bed to put it back in the kitchen.
Charlie sighs. “You’re right, Dean, I’m sorry. Coming out is tough, and you were good to me, so I shouldn’t make fun of you.” She pauses before continuing, “It’s a little funny, though. I kinda figured it out when you told me about the dreams.”
Another part thinks that Dean actually enjoys this. That Dean is secretly, deep down in his noble heart, a hopeless romantic looking for a soulmate. And Castiel hates that it’s both terrifying and comforting that Dean might think he’s the one.
John sends her a glare, but Castiel follows Dean’s lead, slipping into one of the ornate wooden chairs in front of him. He’s stuck next to the king, of course, but Dean is on his other side, and when Castiel takes a deep breath to center himself, he’s able to scent the prince, which brings him comfort and courage. There’s a thick, sweeter note to Dean’s scent now, thanks to the baby, and it reminds Castiel why he’s here, and why he wants to defend himself to King John.
Dean frowns, quickly averting his eyes as he tries to figure out what to tell Lisa and what not to tell her. Obviously he can’t tell her about all the weird dreams he’s been having, but maybe he won’t feel so guilty if he at least lets her know about the kiss.
,” Dean is singing under his breath when Castiel catches his gaze, and Castiel is pretty sure he saw something like this in a Disney movie once, but that thought is quickly dashed by the strange light in Dean’s eyes. Like the stars, like the galaxy of freckles dusted across his nose, focused and intense. Castiel’s heart skips a beat when Dean hums, “
“I’d like that,” Dean says, leaning in to ensure she hears him. She hides her face in her hands, and suddenly there’s an elbow digging into Dean’s ribs. He turns to see Cas frowning at him, shaking his head.
Like now. Like Dean only working a half day, and picking Castiel up and driving with the windows down to an empty park, to an empty parking lot overlooking the beach. Walking down wooden steps with their ears covered to protect from sharp winds, holding hands and leaving footprints in the sand as they explore shallow tide pools filled with rocks and shells. It’s cold and Dean’s nose is red when Castiel kisses it. They’re alone, and they’re not often alone, and Castiel is starting to recognize the way Dean looks at him sometimes, so he leads the way back to the car, piles Dean in the backseat, then crawls in his lap.
So Dean laughs. He can't help himself. It starts out as a soft little noise, but eventually erupts into a full out expression of his joy, and Cas's entire face contorts in confusion, but when Dean reaches over to pull him into a hug, Cas hesitantly returns it.
Castiel sighs and ignores his attempts to make light of the conversation. “They fell in love over the course of a summer, Dean.”
. You’re the only one who really tells me when I do and helps me dig myself out. And I…” He stops, his cheeks turning pink as he suddenly turns to look out the window. “I just wanted to try and capture that. When you stopped me from kissing you last year.”
Castiel thinks of the paintings under Dean’s bed, flowers drawn to center himself. He finally pulls out of Dean’s embrace, rubbing his eyes again before he croaks out, “Can I watch you draw?”
“Don’t listen to him,” Sam whispers as they pull onto the highway. “Dean doesn’t know what’s cool. I think you look awesome.”
“It totally matters. You can’t bitch about this shit unless he’s yours. And he’s not yours.” She gives a little sigh. “If you’d been like this with me, I probably would’ve slapped you.”
Dean pulls into a parking spot at the resort, but leaves the car idling. He fidgets in his seat, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel, and Castiel continues to sit still and stare out the window. Let him be anxious.
But Castiel doesn’t act like those bodice-ripping alphas. He’s sweet and quiet and conscious of Dean’s needs even when Dean isn’t able to articulate them. Dean glances over his shoulder to confirm that yes, even now, Castiel is looking away, giving him privacy. Dean’s thighs are still burning where Castiel’s cock had found friction between them, but even now Castiel will turn his head away as if he doesn’t have permission to look.
“If you keep your inane theories to yourself and play nice, maybe I’ll ask the birthday girl if you can join us.”
“Charlie! Not cool!” Dean runs a hand through his hair, lips pursed. “I’m kind of freaking out about it, I don’t deserve this.”
“Yeah,” Dean says conversationally, leaning back on his arms. He’s all on display again, and Castiel doesn’t even bother to hide his interest. Maybe he’s hoping for the same indulgent farewell that Dean is. “Plenty of time.”
There is a point to this, and the point is Dean. Castiel wants to get to know him, earn his love and his father’s respect. He can’t run, or else he proves John’s fears right, and resigns Dean to a future far away from his family and the kingdom he deserves. Castiel is Dean’s only chance. He may be the
“Sounds like a plan,” Lisa practically purrs. And Dean’s pretty sure this isn’t supposed to feel so fucking
Dean sighs. Considering how much Mary works, it would be easy to sneak around and do as he wished. As long as he avoids the Roadhouse and Mary’s jobs, he should be home free. But the fact remains that Dean is a screw-up who needs to do penance. So if this is what Mary wants, then fine. Dean will stick to it. “For how long?” he asks, and Mary takes a moment to think about it.
Sam fidgets awkwardly for a moment, but when Dean turns to look at him, Sam just waves and hurries out the door. Dean takes a breath and turns back to his phone, holding it up to his ear.
Castiel frowns, dropping the sketchbook to his lap. “No,” he says slowly, tilting his head. “Just the opposite, actually.” When Dean still looks confused, Castiel gestures to the book. “These are really good, Dean. Especially if you’ve never had any training.”
alpha. Dean has friends who are alphas, people he loves, but he wouldn’t necessarily say any of them are
Of course, there are groans and catcalls. This is what everyone has been waiting for, whether they knew it was going to happen or not. Victor pumps a fist in the air and exchanges a high five with Zeke, and Dean rolls his eyes at their celebration of his supposed misfortune. Ash and Garth just give him sympathetic looks.
He clears his throat and manages a few more bites of bacon before turning to the potatoes. He does so much of the cooking these days that he hadn’t realized how much he missed Mary’s meals. Even the simple ones, like this, are so much more robust than anything Dean can put together. Maybe if he asks her how she does it, what kind of spices or techniques she uses, she’ll move off this train of conversation.“Mom-”
And here’s the funny thing: if it had just been Meg making a snide comment, Dean could’ve brushed it off. Even with all the unacknowledged things going on in his head, the kisses, the dreams, the airy, happy feeling he gets when he and Cas really click, he could have just taken that comment and locked it away and refused to let it bother him. Jo has made similar jokes just recently, and Dean didn’t even think twice about it.
Dean hops up on a stool and taps his fingers on the bar, trying for a confident, careless smile. “I hear you’re in contact with Anna Milton.”
all night?” she says, and she sounds so logical for a twelve year-old that it’s almost funny. But then Dean remembers a clear night last June, with a drunken kiss that meant nothing, and yet he can feel his ears burning as his friends and his brother snicker at him.
“Not that he didn’t want to,” Castiel adds, grinning cheekily when Dean turns the scowl in his direction.
He aches all over, neck and shoulders and down his spine. Dean must have rearranged them after Castiel fell asleep, because now they’re laid out on the bed, though Castiel is still spooned up behind Dean, arms around his waist. It’s warm and the blankets around them are soft, but Castiel feels like a dried out sponge that got hit by a train, so he sits up and rubs futilely at his face.
But Lisa, she’s here on the ground. She’s just as guilty as Dean, in her drunkenness and her initiating sex in the back of his truck. Lisa is still too good for Dean, but at least she’s within reach.
The sky is dark with low-hanging rainclouds, and the humidity is threatening but hasn’t followed through yet. “Do you want to go get dinner?” Castiel asks, resting his cheek against Dean’s hair. “Before the rain starts?”
Dean takes advantage of Castiel’s distraction to pull him in, press a kiss to his temple, before announcing, “I’m gonna hit the head. Comin’ with?”
Naomi takes a step back, dropping her arms. She glances at Michael, before turning back to Castiel, eyes darting uncertainly around the room. “Castiel-”
“You had your brothers worried sick.” It’s only now that she seems to notice Jody, which is perhaps what helps Castiel to realize that Jody has placed a hand on his back. It’s comforting, supportive, and tension starts to slowly eke out of his muscles like the morning fog. “And you are?”
“I’m gonna….” Cas bites his lower lip, then straightens up, pushing away from the counter. “I’m gonna go.”
Dean sighs, grabbing Castiel’s wrist and dragging him up the dune. “It’s like 5am, there’s no one out right now, don’t be a pussy.” When they pass the others, Dean waves cheekily. “Jo, can your mom take Sam home?”
Sam bites his lower lip and takes a few more steps into the kitchen. He’s not even sixteen yet, but he’s stretched out like saltwater taffy, only an inch or two smaller than Dean. His knees and elbows get everywhere, accidentally digging into Dean’s ribs as he fills up the space next to him. “She saw the article in the paper, and hunted around to get our number to see if it was okay for her to come to the funeral.”
Anna has been bragging about her MySpace for a while, pushing Castiel to join her on the site and raise her friend count. If Dean has a MySpace, maybe that’s a way to keep in touch while Castiel is away at school, no parents or older siblings around to tell him no.
Cas runs a hand over his face, a gesture he had picked up from Dean somewhere along the way. "I'll let him know." No, he won't - Dean wouldn't appreciate pity or sorrow at this point. Maybe in a few months, once he's had time to cope and settle and not have family breathing down his neck. But not now. "Could you drop me off at the airport in the morning."
Panic explodes in his chest, but he quickly pushes it down. No. He can’t be gay. He had sex with Lisa, and he liked it. A lot, actually. And he’d like to do it again. Many, many times. He likes eating her out, likes the way she tastes and the noises she makes, and he likes touching her boobs. If he was gay, he wouldn’t like
“Does Dean need to call his mother?” Naomi asks, always practical. Castiel isn’t positive, but he knows that Mary usually works late, so he shakes his head, and Naomi smiles slightly before stroking his hair again.
When Castiel frowns, Jo immediately excuses herself and runs off to join the other kids, leaving Charlie to glare at her retreating form.
Dean takes a moment to digest this, tapping his pencil against the sketchpad. Castiel just stares at his lap. Echoing guitars and a soothing croon are the only other sounds in the room until Dean starts tapping his pencil against Castiel’s knee, laughing when Castiel jerks away in surprise.
“Sprite and Twizzlers, as requested,” Dean says, placing the soda in the cup-holder between them, and his unspoken understanding makes Castiel’s heart twist.
“Stop teasing me,” Castiel scolds, but when Dean turns to look at him, there’s amusement glinting in those blue eyes, and Dean can’t help smiling back.
“Not as gay as you,” Bela mumbles, turning her attention back to her phone. And yet, a few seconds later, she shifts and rests her head on Castiel’s shoulder. It’s a much less calculated move than some of her other attempts to touch him. It’s downright familiar, as she relaxes against his side with a little sigh, still focused on the tiny screen in front of her.
“She might as well be,” Dean spits. “Your family actually likes her, it’d be easier to spend as much time with her as you want. She dresses nicely, her clothes never have holes in them, so you don’t have to be embarrassed about who you’re hanging out with.”
Dean is stuck at the garage until three, doing menial jobs that no one else wants to do. Sam is at soccer practice for another half hour, so Meg and Cas are going to meet Dean here any time now. Dean is both dreading and looking forward to it: he’s missed spending time with Cas, and really wants a chance to apologize, but Meg will just end up putting a brick wall between them. That’s what she’s been doing so far, after all.
Castiel turns back to Dean, trying to quell his panic. Dean is finally looking at him, finally meeting his eyes, and Castiel sees hurt there, betrayal, and anger, before Dean turns back to the bottle in his lap, taking a long drink. The lines of his body are tense, his fingers fidgeting, and Castiel sighs.
Dean’s protectiveness makes sense now. The wild impulse to hug him takes over, but before Castiel can give in, Jody has come to join them, and Dean finally pulls away from Castiel’s grip. “Problem, boys?”
“I’m not going to sleep with Balthazar, or anyone else, ever again, if that’s what’s concerning you. No matter how angry you make me. I’ve learned my lesson.”
“Oh,” and Castiel isn’t very good at keeping the disappointment out of his voice. Which is strange, considering how long he put this off for. In fact, the disappointment
Dean takes a deep breath, and one last look at Sileas off in the distance. His head feels clear for the first time in ages, and he didn’t even have to resort to violence to get there. “I’m good,” Dean says. “You?”
“Oh.” Dean sits up and clears his throat. “Well. I thought you might have somebody you liked.” His laugh sounds tight, even to his own ears, and he’s not quite sure why there’s a sinking feeling in his chest. “Who’s the lucky lady?”
. This floaty sort of happiness in his chest, the smile that hurts his cheeks but won’t go away, that’s what True Love’s Kiss is about. It’s what all those love songs are about. His veins are thrumming and his stomach is swooping and he feels like he could do just about anything, and it’s like the whole world is clear in this moment, as he rides up the elevator to his hotel room and replays his date with Dean in his head.
“But if he decides to go. You’d let him spend an entire summer listening to your dad talk to him like that, with no one to defend him?”
Next chapter is mostly just tying up a few loose ends, so hopefully it won't take too long, and then it's time for part five. Can you believe it? We're halfway done! Part five will probably be a lot more like this chapter, lol, so even though I'm not the biggest fan of fluff, I am looking forward to a nice break before part six destroys everything. I hope you guys are too - it'll be a nice change, I think.
Dean sprawls out on his stomach as Castiel blinks, confused. “I thought we were going to read together.”
“You’re the one who refuses to see reason,” she says, cheerfully poking Bela’s upper arm. Bela jerks away and scowls.
Castiel closes the front door behind him, and can hear voices in the kitchen. Whispered words of contempt towards Jody, towards Castiel’s new friends; soft shock at the thought that Castiel chooses to spend time around these people,  and concern that they will corrupt him.
But Sam will be there, and when Lisa points that out, she’s already wiggling out of her skirt, looking like a bronze goddess in her pale pink underwear (her bra matches her panties, Christ, how do girls come up with this shit that’s so cute and sexy at the same time?), and Dean is willing to agree to anything she says, just to ensure this actually happens.
Bela huffs. “No. I’m not allowed to actually be friends with a boy and not want to fuck him or date him? That’s a particularly rank kind of bullshit coming from you, darling.”
She laughs and shakes her head, taking a deep breath. “I guess I’m angry at myself,” she admits. “I should have stopped him or made him cut back when he started buying the groceries, but then I was able to pay for Sam’s soccer league with the leftover money, and…” She exhales, closing her eyes. “I took the easy road. And now he thinks that’s what he has to do, and it’s going to end up ruining his life.”
The porch light is on, but there’s no car in the driveway when Chuck pulls up on the curb outside the Winchester’s home. This is when Castiel realizes that, for all he knows, Dean might be out at the beach, or at the arcade, or the movie theater. Still, since they’re already here, Castiel swallows, and steps out of the car.
Dean’s in the middle of making dinner when his phone goes off. He frowns to himself before leaning over to check the name on the screen.
“No. Just… time.” Castiel shrugs, the movement bringing him a little closer to Dean. “You can’t heal a broken arm in a day, y’know?”
“Don’t.” Castiel pushes his hair out of his face and takes a few deep breaths. This is too much. It’s unfair. And the worst part is, all he wants to do is run away and shut the world out for a few days, but he can’t do that anymore. He promised Dean he wouldn’t.
“We’re done talking about me, Castiel, don’t get distracted.” She waves her hand in the air, then uses it to try and get her hair under control. “You need to figure your shit out, or let that boy go.”
-” Dean cuts himself off with a sigh, running a hand through his hair. “Cas, aren’t we already fighting? Come on.”
Castiel smiles back, even as Michael yells, “He won’t!” from the kitchen. Dean leans in for a hug, and Castiel accepts, squeezing him tight. Their eyes meet as Dean pulls back, and Castiel is hit with the sudden fear that he won’t see Dean again this summer.
Mary walks in, rumpled but smiling, just as Dean is plating the last piece of bread. She greets each boy with a kiss to his cheek, then takes the plate piled high with Dean’s perfect toast to the table. Castiel swallows his embarrassment at first -- Dean shouldn’t have asked him to cook in the first place -- but then Dean nudges him with his hip to make sure Castiel sees when he picks up the plate with Castiel’s pieces and sets it on the table.
At least the road between Sileas and the resort is fairly flat, or else Castiel’s not sure how they would manage this. Dean might do this with Sam on a regular basis, but Sam is a skinny eleven year-old; Castiel is wiry but still mostly muscle, and a few months shy of sixteen. The bike is still faster than running, but only barely. “I’m heavier than Sam,” Castiel says quietly. “It’s okay, I can run.” Dean grunts.
Castiel’s head is spinning, trying to figure out what this all means. “Gabriel,” he says sharply, “what about Lucifer?”
The truth is, Dean’s pretty sure Sam would just be even more upset if he knew Dean was doing this for him. The same way Jo and Charlie and Pam and Lisa would be. That’s why Dean never told them.
,” he says, leaning back in his chair. “We got in a few weeks ago, the Lafitte family. My father thought this would be a good way to separate me from my girl Andrea, so that I could meet more people of our station.” He rolls his eyes. “Better people, he said.”
If you think about it, painting isn't all that different from cleaning or baking. It's something that takes time and effort and thought, something rhythmic and soothing, something Dean can lose himself in for hours at a time
That’s more than Castiel could say, and that stings. Quite a bit, actually. He tries not to let himself wonder if Jo was trying to fix Dean back up with Aaron, and clears his throat. “Then what can I do for you?”
Cas goes silent for a long moment. Dean wonders if it’s normal for this to feel like a rejection in slow-motion, or if that’s related to his feelings for Cas.
Dean smirks when Charlie glances at him, then rolls his eyes for Victor’s sake. “Yeah, yeah, Victor, whatever you say,” he snarks back, making a rude gesture with his fist. Charlie smiles shyly, then leans over to whisper something into Jo’s ear, a friendly hand on her knee. Satisfied that everything has gone to plan, Dean turns to Cas, ready to shake hands and laugh the whole thing off.
“ -but unfortunately this is the best we can do.” Michael pretends he never heard Castiel’s outburst, so Castiel swallows everything else he wants to say. There’s no point if he won’t be heard. “You don’t have to
The more Michael smiles, the more Castiel wants to knock his teeth out. “Are you, or are you not, dating your friend Dean Winchester?”
Cas says Meg’s name reproachfully, but Dean’s barely paying attention. He’s assaulted with mental images of Cas and Meg, tucked together in a bed, her wild hair spread everywhere while Cas presses kisses against her naked thighs. The clueless, innocent kisses Dean and Cas had exchanged are meaningless now, just like Dean had said they could be. Dean realized last year that those kisses had meant something to him, that his relationship with Cas wasn’t quite what it was supposed to be, but he’s still too afraid to examine why, let alone admit it aloud. Now, he realizes that he’d wanted those kisses to mean something to Cas too. And for a while, he had the distinction of being Cas’s first.
Dean chuckles softly, though he still looks hesitant. At least he’s in high enough spirits to tease: “Well, if you’re willing to come down and play in the mud with me, maybe it’s not such a stretch to think Lisa will.”
Castiel nods, but the gasping breath he takes gives him away. Dean finally extracts one of his hands, placing it on Castiel’s face until Castiel finally meets his eyes.
Jess grins outright, tucking her hands in the pockets of her apron. “Yeah, I seriously doubt either of those things are going to happen.” She winks before turning towards the door, “Good luck, you two. You’re gonna need it.”
Mary continues regardless, dropping tea bags into the mugs before pulling up the chair next to Castiel as they wait for the water to boil. “I never meant to imply that you should wait for marriage or anything, but I also wanted you both to be aware that there are other people in the house who don’t want to walk in on anything.”
Then, the house is quiet again, but before Castiel can let it sink in, Dean has his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, lips to his cheek, then leans back to guide him to the kitchen, where it’s time to start preparing their traditional Christmas Eve dinner.
“You’re hilarious,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. His arm drops to Lisa’s shoulders, pulling her in close to his side, and she smiles at him before taking a sip of her milkshake.
And before he can let that sink in, that maybe this is his own fault and maybe he doesn’t have a right to be angry, Castiel turns to leave, petulantly kicking the chair behind him as he storms towards the door.
“What?” Dean frowns. He’s not obsessed, he’s just worried. That’s not weird, right? He hasn’t spoken to his best friend in almost ten months, he’s allowed to worry.
That’s what spurs him back out to his truck and onto open highway. There’s a rift now, opened by that one secret, and filled with distrust, and wondering what there is that Cas could be hiding from Dean.
enough, but Castiel won’t knot him and there’s no one else around, so Dean repositions himself and starts massaging his own prostate. He’s making delirious, animalistic noises, and Castiel’s hands pause near his waist, before lifting themselves off his skin, but Dean whines so pitifully that soon Castiel’s touch has returned, firm and soothing. It’s not as good as it would be if Castiel would just fucking
Unfortunately, the way to achieve that is not through locking themselves away and having passionate sex until they pass out while tied together. Dean gently pushes Castiel away, but allows himself to take a deep breath, relishing the powerful scent of roses and daisies and honey. “You smell incredible,” he mumbles, taking a large step back in an attempt to discourage himself from taking what he wants. He’d
Concern flitters through Dean’s mind just then, something about pups, but it’s there and gone quicker than a fairy’s wing. This feels too good to ruin with things they can’t choose or change.
“It’s a short run, I’ll be fine.” Rain is still coming down in sheets while thunder rolls discontentedly overhead, but Castiel is too proud and stubborn to let Dean have this. Still, when Dean hesitates, Castiel breaks just enough to offer, “I’ll text you when I get back to the room.”
But he already has his cell in his other hand, and by the time he realizes he’s dialed Cas’s number, it’s too late to stop himself.
“You wanna watch gay porn, do it on your own time, Henriksen,” Dean shoots back, but Victor is just shaking his head.
As soon as the dishes are all clean and put away, Sam quickly thanks Dean for dinner and darts upstairs to his room to close the door. Dean frowns, debating the pros and cons of trying to figure out what Sam’s up to, but then his phone goes off, effectively distracting him.
Jo twists around to throw a few pieces of popcorn in Dean’s direction, and Dean flips her off, just as the front door opens and Sam traipses in, followed by a blonde woman weighted down with paper bags. Jo and Charlie almost harmonize their, “Hello, Mary”s, and Dean scowls, throwing a pencil at Sam as he passes.
Sam watches Dean closely, but Dean refuses to meet his gaze, and refuses to satisfy his curiosity. What happened with Lisa was a mess. A mess that’s entirely Dean’s fault, to the point that he’s not even sure if Cas has completely forgiven him for it. Considering Dean only spoke to Lisa once after it all went to hell, he’s surprised she wants to come to the funeral at all. Mom must have made a bigger impression on her than he thought.
Castiel wheezes and presses a hand against his chest, a futile attempt to expand his lungs and calm his heartbeat at the same time. His ears are burning.
So maybe he is keeping something from her. So what? A guy's allowed a little privacy, if he wants it.
Dean rolls his eyes, offering a stick to Castiel and winking when he takes it. “Don’t pester the kid, he’ll run away and never come back.”
Dean tries to bring his smile back. “That was Cas,” he offers. “He’s okay, but… well, he’s not okay. I have to go check on him.”
She’s right, and Dean knows she’s right, but he can’t. It’s more complicated than she thinks it is, and he’s frustrated enough by that to snap at her, “Mind your own damn business, Bradbury.”
“He’s not my-” Castiel begins, at the same time Dean blurts out, “I didn’t mean to-” and Missouri silences them both with a glare.
Mary playfully swats his shoulder, but says, “I’m starting to get what my son sees in you,” which can only be a compliment, and Castiel lets it warm him the entire ride back to Sileas.
“... Dean?” And Cas’s voice is always so comforting. That low, peaceful rumble, even over a cheap phone speaker, soothes all the angry rambling going on in Dean’s head. “Dean, are you okay?”
Surprised, Castiel laughs as well. He grinds up against Dean’s slick thighs until the omega groans again, then nibbles along the nape of Dean’s neck. “Dean,” he responds, voice low and rumbling. “Don’t tease.”
“Dean, do you remember after you and Lisa broke up, I told you something about going after the right people?”
Jess reaches over to pull Castiel’s hood up again, grinning, and Castiel realizes just how tall she is. She could easily pass for an alpha at this height, if it weren’t for her cream and snow scent. Betas always smell clean and subtle; an alpha would be muskier, an omega sweeter.
And Dean’s close. He’s so fucking close, with Cas making those noises around him, Cas’s hair so soft and wild beneath his fingertips, with Lisa laughing, low and pleased in his ear. Her lips pressed against his neck, Cas’s lips stretched around his dick, and fuck, fuck it, as soon as Dean’s done, he’s hauling Cas up and returning the favor, because nothing has ever felt this good, and-
God only knows how bad it will have to get before Castiel finally cuts all ties. He hopes he never has to find out.
with!” Castiel hisses, only just stopping himself from slamming his fist on the table. Sam makes a face and scoots away from the quiet conversation, closer to Benny, who looks like he’s just enjoying the show.
“You didn’t do much schoolwork either, according to Charlie.” Cas probably doesn’t mean for it to sound so accusatory, but Dean tenses anyway, finally turning to meet Cas’s eyes.
