“You’re joking,” Dean croaks, perplexed when that actually makes John crack a smile.
Cas follows Dean and Jo to the zombie shooting game, and Ash, Vic and Bella wander off to different parts of the arcade. Headshot isn’t Dean’s favorite game when it comes to the shooting ones, but Jo held the high score for six months a few years back and Dean felt like he had to get good at it so he could kick her ass. These days, they’re about equal, but he likes to insist that he’s better.
“I can see Sam thinking that was exciting,” Cas murmurs.
“What are you doing here?”
“There was an argument. It was the same one as always, but it escalated. It was about me, and my fascination with - with humans, and how they despised it.” Cas takes a deep breath. “Until I told them that I was leaving, I was going on land to see what it was truly like. And Zachariah, he - ”
But the time is approaching when he won’t have Cas there at all - tonight was just another confirmation of that - and he’s gonna be fine because he doesn’t need him. Might as well start now.
“Yeah, well, just quit waving it around,” Jo mutters. “Here, I got the papers.” She fishes them out of her own pocket and hands them over.
“That’s not exactly how I remember our last meeting,” Alastair snarls, and then Jo is there at Dean’s side and she tugs on his arm.
It was the corner of Brandywine and Harwich. Dean can recall learning to memorize it in the first grade. The house was tucked back into some trees and there was a screened-in porch in the back that faced east, and a narrow pebbled path that led from the side door all the way out to the backyard. His mom always hung these giant ferns on the front porch, and his dad parked the Impala in the garage.
“I don’t think you ever had to worry - ”
“Yeah, that’s good.” Dean purses his lips to keep from smiling, but when he glances up it’s to find Sam and Jo both smirking at him. He shoots them a glare and turns his back to them, ignoring their snickers. “Do you need to be picked up?”
“Hey!” A voice calls, and Dean turns to find the girl from the other team at his elbow. “Nice game, guys.”
. Fuck, the pool.
“Sorry,” Dean says, dropping his eyes back to the table. “Uh, no, I guess not.”
“That’s it,” Bobby says. “You’re doin’ great, kid.”
Naomi stares at him for one moment longer, as if to make sure he isn’t going to change his answer, until she finally nods curtly. Slightly behind her, Zachariah visibly relaxes. Naomi puffs her breath out through her nose and tugs at the bottom of her suit jacket as if to straighten it.
“Does it hurt? When you do that?”
“Yes,” Castiel says simply.
.” A laugh escapes through his lips, but it’s jagged and hard and devoid of any humor. “And on the back, in
“The next - ” Cas says, sounding frantic, but he’s cut off.
“Before I change my mind, yeah,” Dean says.
Dean frowns. “I thought you did.”
The words come out of his mouth sounding like Cas isn’t the only one he’s trying to convince, and Dean hates himself for it. Finally, he looks at Cas, who’s watching him somberly.
“I don’t know.”
With his boots on the floor, John’s knees come almost to this chin. He rubs his hands together  slowly in his lap, and Dean gapes at him. Seconds tick by, Dean holding his breath and his dad saying nothing, his jaw clenched as he stares at the carpet.
“Northside Park.” Sam slides the brochure across the table to his dad, who looks down at it but doesn’t make a move to take it.
“Still thirsty.”
The morning light slants in brightly as Dean stirs awake, and he squints his eyes against it. He lets himself breathe a while, eyelids drooped low as he becomes more conscious. When he finally blinks his eyes open, blearily, it’s to find himself looking at Cas’s sleeping face.
“What happened last time he was here?”
Sam’s eyes follow him as he works, but he doesn’t comment and he stays out of Dean’s way.
“This is his last week,” Dean swirls the last of his coke around in the bottom of the can.
to let me go, he won’t be able to say no - ”
Bobby grabs him by the shoulders from behind, gets his arms around him - “
“You came back,” Castiel says.
“What are you boys doin’ today?” John asks, his body a long line stretching diagonally across the doorway from where he leans a shoulder on the jamb.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees reluctantly. “He’s already told me his opinion, loud and clear.”
“Sure, Bobby, no problem,” Dean says. “Long as your redneck friend doesn’t shoot us.” He gives his most impish grin, just to see Bobby roll his eyes.
“I told Jo we’d meet her at nine, so pretty much, yeah.”
“You’re friends with Cas, yeah?”
“Are there other merpeople?”
“Dean?” Cas murmurs eventually.
“We’re out,” Dean says, and the two of them settle together at the little table in the corner.
Dean doesn’t hear from John until midday on Monday. He actually misses the call, because he goes on a run and leaves his phone at the apartment. There are thunderstorms in the forecast for the next couple of days, so he figured they should get one in while the sun was out.
“They feel like seaweed,” Cas says, and Dean smiles broadly, nudging him playfully with his shoulder.
“I’m leaving,” Dean finally says.
“Yes. You are.” Dean chuckles, and pokes at Cas’s side. He jerks with a grunt, and throws Dean an unconvincing glare.
Because he can’t help it, Dean pulls her to him. She squeezes him tight, arms around his middle, and they hug in the middle of the arcade with yelling kids ducking around them and Speed of Light at Dean’s back. He kisses the top of her head before pulling away.
“You get the pool done, too?”
,” he says, and Dean chuckles.
“I don’t know,” Dean says. “Maybe.”
Dean watches the waves, but he can feel Gabriel’s eyes on the side of his face. He fiddles with an empty candy wrapper between his hands and he doesn’t look over. Gabriel’s voice is quiet when he speaks again.
If John leaves tonight, like he said he plans to, he’d make it there with plenty of time to spare before the game.
Dean shushes him desperately.
“Are you serious?
Sam tiptoes around him for days.
“My dad and the kid’s mom… are they together?”
“It’s my dad.”
It’s dark, now, and Dean can’t tell which direction is which.
“Oh,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck a bit self-consciously. “I must’ve got a scented one by accident.”
“Oh, Benny, this is Castiel,” Dean introduces.
It’s nearing ten o’clock now and he’s elbow-deep in the engine of the Roadrunner and he doesn’t even hear the screen door slam as Bobby comes outside. It isn’t until a can of coke is slapped down on the roof of the car that Dean finally jumps, startled, and extricates himself from the car to stand upright.
“Alright,” Cas smiles softly.
Gabriel shoots him a sharp look. “What? Washing up, drying myself out?”
“Who’s hosting it?” Andy asks.
Dean frowns. “You’re not gonna get in trouble, are you?” He watches Castiel, who doesn’t reply for a long moment before he turns back to Dean.
The others all get pizza, but Dean just orders a side of fries. He hasn’t worked for Bobby in a while, and his wallet’s light to prove it.
“I’m gonna go see if there’s anyone here we know,” Jo calls into Dean’s ear, who nods at her before she slips off.
It feels like Dean’s holding his breath, waiting for it. His lungs are tight and his heart is constantly lodged in his throat as he anticipates the conversation - but days go by and still Cas says nothing. And each one that passes just serves to make Dean angrier.
“It was you.”
“Well,” he says, keeping his voice low but aware that Sam can hear every word. He glances away from Cas’s face, unable to hold his gaze. “Do - do you want to be?”
“Mm,” Cas says, and Dean swallows with a gulp. “It is good.”
Dean doesn’t have anything to say to that so he keeps quiet, but Bobby understands.
“I mean, he knows you’re a fucking hypocrite,” Dean says and he doesn’t know where this bravery is coming from but John just looks at him, his mouth set. “He just doesn’t know the extent of it.”
“Fractured Prune?” Sam asks dubiously, and takes the box from their dad.
He shoves the calendar away from him, the pages fluttering.
. Dean shakes his head at the very thought of that.
, okay - ”
Finally, Dean looks at him again.
John licks his lips and glances away, finally taking a step back until he’s leant against the counter. It’s defeat, and it makes Dean feel nauseous. He’s had nearly a year to reconcile with this, but seeing his father admit it in every line of his body has Dean’s stomach souring hot and angry.
“Hm,” Bobby grunts, and then is quiet. Dean suddenly feels wary, and he knows Bobby’s got something on his mind. “Everything okay over at the Bunker?”
Dean shrugs, a smile on his face and his hands in his pockets. “You’re the boss, little brother.”
“I don’t know what your day looks like tomorrow, but your paint came in today.”
“Cas what?” Dean asks.
Dean blinks down at him, rather dumbly, caught off guard by being derailed.
Throat sticking, Dean has to make two attempts to get the words out. “He washed up into my pool.”
Dean turns to see Jo standing over his shoulder. She glances behind him at what he was looking at, and he doesn’t even have the energy to feel embarrassed. Graciously, she doesn’t say anything about it.
Dean nods. “It was good.”
“Hm.” Castiel’s stomach rumbles loudly, and Dean can’t help but smile.
He’s choking - he can’t breathe. His knees buckle, and he feels the cement of the pool deck cool and rough under a palm, and he’s going to die. He’s going to die, his lungs strangled shut -
Dean just hums at that, watches Coral as she blinks slowly up at him.
She huffs, and takes a moment to glare at him. Finally, she looks him over.
With a shake of his head, Dean settles at the edge of the deep end where Cas's clothes are folded, letting his feet hang down into the water. He sets the towels beside him.
John shakes his head. “I already took a look at it. Looks like water damage.”
When John still doesn’t move, Dean bends through the open door.
Without warning, Dean reaches out and grasps one of Cas’s hands, squeezing it. He meets his eye.
Dean knows Cas hears the ‘
“You’re bleeding,” Cas says, and he reaches for Dean’s chin - he must’ve scraped it the first time he went down. Dean pushes his hand away before Cas can touch him.
Sam is pouty all throughout their late dinner, and while Dean does his best to ignore it, he’s never been very good at that when it comes to Sam. He’s not sure if Sam’s grouchy because they’re leaving him home alone to go to the boardwalk (but hell no is Dean bringing him along to do illegal drugs in public) or because he wants to bring up College Park again but knows Dean won’t talk about it (and yeah, hell no he won’t talk about it).
“Wha - no, Missouri, I can’t take anything from you - ”
He can see Cas frowning in his peripheral vision. He sighs.
job to get the pool covered in time. It was
“Look at all the lights,” Cas says, staring around in mezmeration.
“Oh, please,” Andy says, but he lowers it out of sight. “We’ve done this how many times? This shit’s gonna be legal soon anyway, what’s the big deal?”
“You sure you don’t want a shot?” Lisa says.
“Huh?”
Dean’s fingers are tangled with Cas’s on the seat between them and there’s a warm, unfamiliar feeling in his chest that he’s come to associate with moments like these, and Dean has to agree with him.
“Zonin’ out on us, man,” Andy says with a stilted chuckle.
“I’ll be back tonight. Wow, this is amazing. Bye, guys.
Dean had nodded, his throat tight, and had gripped Bobby’s shoulder rather than try and find any words to express his gratitude.
Cas’s eyebrows come together and his head tips to the side. Dean opens his mouth to make some excuse when Sam comes out of nowhere and snatches the envelope out of Dean’s grip.
There’s a whole room of different frog species, and Cas thinks they’re great. He says he never knew frogs came in different colors, or that they could be poisonous, and he stares at a dart frog with that intrigued tilt to his head and Dean struggles to bite back a smile.
“That’s a ridiculous rule,” Cas says with a roll of his eyes, and he doesn’t even lift a hand but a wave rises in the surface of the pool, a foot high, and comes down over Sam’s head.
Dean snaps back to the present, his hand stilled halfway to the fence, paint dripping from the brush onto the cement. He’s half-hard in his pants.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “He’s coming in, though.”
“Let’s get two boxes,” Sam says. “It’s gonna be like a thousand degrees the next couple days.”
He’s so close Dean can count his individual eyelashes as Cas blinks slow, his lips pink and slightly parted. Cas leans in as if to kiss him, but Dean clears his throat and steps away before he can try, dropping his eyes.
“You’ll need to tape up the windows and the chrome,” Bobby ultimately says, but Dean gets the feeling that’s not what he’d had on his mind. “How long you got today?”
Cas frowns, concern flitting across his brow. “What - ”
Cas gets his hand down the front of Dean’s pants and into his underwear, making Dean gasp as his fingers curl around his cock. Cas strokes him from base to tip with no hesitation, and Dean meets his eye, a question on his tongue.
“Ew, Cas.”
“No,” Cas says, and Dean feels like he can’t meet his gaze, shame keeping his eyes on the carpet. “Come with me,” Cas murmurs, and he tugs Dean towards the bed.
Dean doesn’t look at him, and he follows the others down.
Luckily for him, she doesn’t invite him inside. In fact, when she opens the door Missouri is rather flustered, and seems surprised to see him.
All of Dean’s friends know that he doesn’t go in the water, so they don’t nag him to join them when they go swimming. Luckily, they also don’t question it when Cas stays back, too, to “keep him company”.
“Yeah, you, kid. I figured you’d want to.”
Fish of all different colors and shades took an interest, swimming over in their schools to investigate, and Cas stood quietly as they came to peer out at him. As Dean watched, silent, he felt as though he was witnessing something private, intimate, the way Cas regarded the reef softly and it acknowledged him. The expression that came over Castiel’s face, in that moment as he stood with a shimmering halo of circling tropical fish, Dean didn’t recognize, but it gave him a familiar ache deep below his sternum.
Dean wants to scream, he wants to shake Sam and yell -
“Stay here,” Dean says with a staying hand to his shoulder.
He catches a bus home, and he prays for sleep.
“What do you say? You want to?”
“Let him look, he’s having fun,” Dean had muttered to Sam with a nudge, while Cas peered under some foliage a few yards ahead of them.
“Well, I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” Dean says with a smile, and he means it.
“I want to.”
Victor laughs, finishing the last of the first joint and flicking the burnt out stub over the side. He turns to Dean, who abruptly wishes he could jump out after it, knowing what’s coming.
Coughing violently, he’s resisting the urge to retch when a pair of bare feet come into view on the concrete before him and then Cas’s hands are on him - on his shoulders, on either side of his head, tipping up his face to get a look at him.
“Yeah?”
Dean tosses his jeans in the hamper. Cas’s are on the floor, of course, so Dean snatches them up and throws them in, too. He finds the socks Cas was wearing earlier beneath them, and grabs them up with a huff. They’re chucked in the hamper with maybe a little too much force.
Dean turns to glare at him, but he loses his resolve at the sight of Cas’s soft expression and gentle smile.
, he thinks, and grimaces. He drops the blinds back into place and turns away from the window. There’s no way he’s falling asleep again any time soon. He might as well go check out the damage.
Shaking his head but unable to hold back a smile at Sam’s apparent glee, Dean holds a finger to his lips to keep him quiet and ushers Sam to his room. Closing the door behind them, Dean turns to his brother and is met with the inevitable onslaught.
After quickly changing into shorts and tugging on his sneakers, Dean nods at Cas and Sam on his way out.
“Do you see now where interfering gets you?” She continues anyway. “Washed up, Castiel, due to that one moment of intervention. Inias warned you against it, and now look what it’s all led to - ”
“But, I uh - I’ve got your dad down here at the station. One of my officers picked him up near Harvelle’s, on 49th.”
From his tank on the desk, Bones peers out at them with wide, curious eyes. Very faintly, Dean’s stomach aches, but it’s easy to ignore.
Cas reaches out towards him, and Dean freezes. Cas brushes his fingertips over Dean’s shoulder and the smattering of freckles there, while Dean watches him in bewilderment.
Dean lets his breath out slow. “Yeah. Night, Cas.”
Bored and vaguely agitated, Dean wanders Ocean City for much of the afternoon. He makes it all the way down to the boardwalk, where crowds are weakening and the rides barely have any lines. On his way back north he walks the bay side, considers stopping into Benny’s but continues past. There’s only one family putting around Sam’s mini golf course, the viking statue gazing over the highway with an end-of-season tiredness.
“My dad, he - he used to have a boat,” Dean starts. “He loved that thing. He called her The Colt, and she was real pretty, and we used to go out on the water, all the time. Since before Sammy was born, even.”
Cas opens his mouth wordlessly, eyes wide and nervous.
Cas nods. “I also wouldn’t be opposed to trying some marijuana.”
“It broke?” He can hear the frown in Sam’s voice. “Wasn’t it working last night?”
Dean glances at him. “I didn’t say that.”
“It’s alright,” Cas murmurs with a soft smile, regarding Dean from beneath his lashes. “Would you like to put your feet in?”
“I’m not sure yet. Somewhere cheap.”
Cas’s feet step into his line of sight while he’s leaning over filling a drink. Straightening, Dean offers him the cup.
“Oh,” Dean grins. “He’s my kid brother. He’s probably home from school by now, you can meet him.”
But Cas gets his hands on either side of Dean’s neck, sliding them around so he’s almost cradling Dean’s head between them, and he’s impossibly gentle. The warmth comes again, and the dull glow, and Dean lets his eyes fall closed because it’s easier than looking at the soft, desperate expression Cas wears on his face.
“Well,” Bobby says, and Dean knows he’s refraining from saying more, from asking something that will make Dean’s stomach twist painfully - something like,
Jo answers within seconds.
“That’s not even the part we’re going for, Cas,” Dean says as they make their way in that direction. “Wait ‘till you see the fish.”
“Are you watching?” Dean asks more than once, and while Cas answers “Yes” each time, when Dean glances over to check, Cas is watching him, instead.
“I’ve never danced on legs before.”
Dean chuckles. “You’re not.”
Dean snorts. “That dog was never trained, Bobby, and you know it.” He takes the coke and cracks it open, giving Bobby a grateful nod before taking a swig.
Ellen pays for parking and they all unpack the car, each of them taking something to carry.
“We have stories about monsters, yes.”
Dean’s chewing stills as he freezes, and he looks up at his dad.
Dean snaps. “
to, he did. He wanted to, because he knew how much John wanted him to,
Understanding, Dean scoffs and shakes his head. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, Cas.”
“No,” Dean says shortly once he recovers. “He’s not.”
. How long is it?” Sam crouches down by the tub to get a closer look.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “A little. I’m gonna go sleep for a bit. I just wanted to check on you.”
Dean bursts out with a laugh and can’t stop, until he’s actually bent over and clutching at his side. He’s still chuckling as he straightens up, flicking a tear from under his eye.
Dean knows Sam’s not used to that - at least, he’s not used to hearing Dean yell back.
“Hello,” Cas murmurs, brushing his knuckles gently over the stingray’s back.
It’s not until they’re halfway there that Dean notices Sam fiddling with something in his lap.
“I can’t,” Cas erupts into another fit of amusement. “It
Bobby glances him over, then, his eyebrows slowly coming back down. “Where’d you get the shiner?”
For a few breaths longer Dean stands, feet bare on the carpet and thoughts and emotions swimming. Cas swallows, a crease between his eyebrows. Finally, Dean nods.
“Wait, but - ” Cas tries to argue.
Cas nods. “I’d like that.”
“Where’d Bobby find you?”
“It’s okay, Sammy.”
Jo looks up from her spot behind the counter and grins.
There’s a long moment where they regard one another, Naomi with her chin high and contempt in her eyes and Castiel breathing hard through his nose, hands clenched so fiercely at his sides the muscles of his forearms bulge.
He thinks about what Cassie said as he flips Sam’s grilled cheese on the stove. Salisbury orientation is at the end of next week, which means Jo’s leaving for school. Probably Ash, too, around the same time. No wonder they want to do a boardwalk blaze - it’s probably their last chance.
Cas stretches up and kisses him once more, a quick peck that Dean’s too slow to reciprocate.
“Cool.” Dean turns away. “I’ll go order it.”
“Dean,” he says sharply. “I’ve got your paycheck in the office. How ‘bout you come get it.”
Dean opens his mouth, a warning on his lips and a hand raising as if he could stop it from where he stands meters away as Azazel reaches Cas and throws an arm around his neck from behind.
“- wanna talk about it?” Dean scoffs bitterly. “Cas, you never wanna talk about it. You never wanna talk about anything.” He lifts his hands at Cas accusingly. His voice is rising in volume, but he can’t help it. “The amount of shit I’ve told you, man - shit I don’t tell
Dean hesitates. Jo makes a pouty face, shoving out her lower lip and batting her eyelashes. It’s not bad, but as far as puppy-dog eyes go, it’s nowhere near as good as Sam’s.
Feathers and string pool into his hand. He pulls the brown paper away completely, crumpling it into a ball against his thigh.
“How’s Coral?”
“It’s still there,” Dean assures.
They scuffle, grappling as Dean reaches for the buckle of the seatbelt, John shoving his arms away.
“Well,” Sam says, clapping his hands together. “Dairy Queen?”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “He doesn’t get it, though. I mean, I’m - I’m my dad’s go-to guy, you know? He depends on me to be there for him, so I gotta - I gotta be there.”
“For you,” he says unnecessarily, before stepping away and stalking back for the kitchen, where Dean now registers the sound of the coffeemaker percolating.
Fuck.
“What are we doing?” Cas whispers.
“I wasn’t using my gills, I was holding my breath!”
It’s about two o’clock when Dean picks Cas up from work. He climbs into the car with a grin and leans over to give Dean a peck on the cheek.
Dean had noticed it, too, about four days ago. He was planning on asking Bobby about it. Is that what this is about? John thinks Dean isn’t taking care of the car, and is gonna bitch at him about the rattle under the hood?
“‘Sup,” Jo nods from her perch on one of the spinny chairs. Sam’s on the other one, eyes glued to the desktop computer.
“Who?”
“Bobby.”
“Hello, Dean,” he says. He’s put the clothes back on that he was wearing the night before. And he’s got that stupid dolphin tucked under his arm.
“Well he was callin’ to tell me that the seats came in for the car that I’m fixin’ up, so I was gonna go by there today and put them in. You’re welcome to come, if - if you want to,” Dean tries not to look too hopeful.
Dean huffs his breath out through his nose, wanting nothing more than to sink through the sidewalk and avoid this conversation.
Stomach turning, Dean swallows. He shakes his head without saying anything, and inadvertently tightens his arms around himself.
Finally dragging his eyes back up to Dean’s face, Cas reaches up to bring his fingers to Dean’s lips. Dean takes them into his mouth immediately, swirling his tongue around them and coating them with his spit. He pulls back when they’re wet enough, and Cas is breathing just as heavily as he is when he reaches between Dean’s legs just like Dean had done and finds his hole.
Dean stared, and he couldn’t help but think that it was the closest he’d ever get to seeing Castiel in his home.
“I have something for you, as a matter of fact,” she says, and she stands.
“Yeah, me too.”
“No, yeah, of course - ” Dean says, nodding emphatically. “Weekends, for sure - I’ll be here.”
Finally, Dean turns.
It’s a Tuesday evening when Dean gets his first look at what Cas and Sam have been doing all this time on their own.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean yells back.
“No, it’s Jo.”
The three of them are quiet as John’s footsteps fade down the hall. His bedroom door snaps shut.
“We’re following you!” Ash yells back.
Dean actually chuckles but it’s humorless and out of control. It bursts out of him painfully and he’s so angry his hands shake - because he understands, completely, better than Cas knows he does, why Cas is saying what he is.
, Dean, you’re gonna give me a stomach ulcer.”
Castiel collapses onto it, immediately nesting into Dean’s many blankets and pillows. He groans, and the sound brings heat to Dean’s face.
“I don’t wanna hear…” Dean says with a shake of his head, his voice coming out desperate.
But John’s shaking his head, arms crossed over his knees and he raises one hand as if to wave Dean’s words away.
“No reason,” Jo says with a shrug. “We just know how well you get along with the guys from PG county.”
Dean finds underwear and jams a few pairs into the bag, along with socks. Sitting up in bed, Sam looks like a little kid as he rubs at his eyes, confused and half-asleep.
“I’m talking about you being a fucking dick for the past week.”
“What door?” The suspicion in Sam’s voice is obvious.
“No way,” Dean says to himself, pacing a few strides back and forth on the deck. “I’m seeing things… There’s nothing in the pool. I’m being crazy.”
Dean chuckles. “Maybe not tomorrow night. Some other time, though, you can.”
Cas blinks at him.
“I mean, I know she’s been yours for a while now,” John says with half a shrug, and he says it easily, as if this is something Dean should have known all this time. “But I’ll sign the title over to you, make it official.”
“I never wanted to live by the ocean. After my dad moved us back here, I wanted nothing to do with it. But now… with you, I just - it feels weird, leaving. It feels weird to be moving away from you - again. And I know this is dumb, I know you can’t hear a word I’m saying, but I couldn’t just go without saying goodbye. Not again.”
“He’s a boy who’s staying at the motel.” Cas sips from his jumbo sized water.
“Have you ever been to the boardwalk here, Castiel?” Sam asks.
“Sammy, don’t freak out,” Dean tries to sound reassuring.
“Race you to the end of the pier,” Dean says, and doesn’t give any more warning than that before he takes off sprinting. He vaguely hears Cas make a noise of protest behind him and he laughs as he speeds off.
“What’s that?” Dean asks, nodding his head to Sam’s hands in indication. Sam holds it up.
“Are you hurt?” she snaps.
As always, the kid is sleeping deeply, undisturbed. Not for the first time, Dean envies him for it. He stands in the door for a long moment, his heart pulsing in his rapidly swelling cheekbone and his breath dangerously shallow. Distantly, he registers that his hands are shaking.
Dean feels his eyebrows lift incredulously. “Wow. Big family.”
“It wasn’t that bad,” Jo says.
“Oh.” Dean says. Of course - he’d almost forgotten. “Right.”
Dean’s stomach pitches violently, and he says, quietly, “I know, sir. I’m sorry, sir. It’s my fault, I - ”
Instead, he keeps getting flashes of sensation that he can’t get out of his head - being dragged towards the pool, the water coming closer. Feeling himself tipping over the edge. The moment the ground dropped out from under him, and the splash of Alastair hitting the water that at the time Dean was convinced was from himself going under.
Inside, Bobby leads the way through the cluttered house to the kitchen. He’s got what looks like several days’ worth of mail spread across the table.
Dean breathes heavily, still coming down.
“Yeah,” he says, trying to focus on the image of his dad standing in his doorway. He has no idea what time it is.
“Thank you for lending me clothes,” Cas looks down at himself, at the new t-shirt and jeans Dean gave him. “Would you mind if I left Shelley here?”
“Yeah, she wants to find a party tonight.”
“It’s fine,” he ultimately chokes out, resolutely ignoring the blossom of pain below his sternum.
“What about you, Dean? How long have you lived here?”
After an awkward pause, Cassie nods. She picks up the peanut butter, scans it. “Gotcha. That’s cool.”
“Hello?”
Dean can’t take it anymore. The desperate feeling in his chest rises into his throat and when it does it has the bitter taste of anger, and it finally pushes his feet to move. He shoves off from the wall and drags the sliding door open all the way and steps out onto the pool deck.
Standing in the middle of the kitchen, paper towel still clutched in one hand, Dean looks at his little brother. Dean blinks.
“Is mom on her way?”
“What kinda chores?”
They watch the game, and Dean explains the rules to Cas as it finishes up. He nods along studiously, drinking his jungle juice with a look of concentration that Dean finds so charming it’s distracting.
Dean swallows, standing over his dad in the dark with his stomach twisting. He jams a thumb between his ribs, hard.
“Dad would never let us do anything like this,” Sam says, awe in his voice and a hero-worship in his eyes that Dean thought was long gone. “Thanks, Dean. This is great.”
“I didn’t understand, I thought - you told me you liked
He has to get out, but he can’t find the door. Each wall looks the same and he’s trying to keep his head above water, tipping his face upward but still getting a mouthful of it.
Dean stays quiet.
Dean glances over at him. Having undressed to just the blue swim trunks that are officially his by now, Cas watches Sam and Jo splash into the water. With him looking the other way, Dean lets his eyes linger.
Inside, they find that there are in fact two kegs, and the three of them fill up cups as high as they can. They pregamed a decent amount beforehand, but free alcohol is free alcohol. Dean downs three quarters of his beer before they even get back out to the patio. Cas must notice, because Dean meets his gaze to find him looking at him with his eyebrows quirked.
“Rub that in or it’ll just wash off,” Dean directs, snapping the cap closed and letting Sam run off towards the water with Jo, watching him hastily wipe the sunscreen over his face as he goes.
“And I know this sounds crazy, but I swear to you, Dean - there was this
Dean frowns. “What are you talking about? How could you have known?”
Sam huffs. “My feet hurt.”
Sam ambles off to do his nighttime routine, and Dean regards the pile of dishes that have been building up in the sink for a few days.
“You’re welcome,” Castiel says seriously, dropping his hands back into the water. Realizing he still has his own hands held out, Dean drops them back to his knees.
Dean feels the corners of his own mouth lift in response. “Okay. Good.”
She looks to Dean, who just stares at her.
Dean looks away.
Eventually, the ferris wheel starts to slow, but there’s a moment when it comes to a stop as the people on the opposite end are getting off, suspending them at the very top. The ride stills, and the three of them quiet, looking out over the horizon. The town below is bathed in a gilded light. Sounds are almost muffled there at the top, the music below them seeming far away. Dean’s eyes move to Cas again, and he finds him like he was earlier, in the car. Eyes closed, face tilted towards the sun, taking deep breaths of ocean air.
Silently, Dean watches Cas follow him into bed. He doesn’t lie down, instead kneeling next to Dean and sliding a hand over his hip.
Dean listens to them talk, and he resolutely keeps his eyes from wandering out over the water. He does his best to laugh when Ash cracks a joke, and he tries to pay attention when Andy starts talking about how stoked he is to get to smoke all he wants in his new apartment, but after the second joint comes around to him a second time Dean starts to pass it to Jo without taking a hit from it.
happening again,” Dean insists.
Dean lifts his gaze. Bobby levels him with a look that’s equal parts serious and cautious, pregnant with years of disapproval and waiting for something to condemn.
Cas is right where Dean left him when he goes back. He thanks Dean quietly for the towels and clothes, watching him carefully, and Dean nods. He leaves him again, giving him privacy, after telling him to come up to the Bunker when he’s ready.
Ducking his head, Cas lays a kiss on Dean’s pectoral muscle. His lips are dry and the kiss is firm, and then he moves downwards.
Straightening, Dean casts a glance around. When he finds no one else but him looking for a checkout, he exhales through his nose. He turns the cart around, and heads for Cassie’s register.
It could be the panic or the water filling them, but his lungs seize and scream for air and Dean can’t remember ever being this terrified in his life, but he must have been. The first time.
It’s here, like always. Dean stills.
“Sorry,” he says lamely.
Sam says his favorite part was the shark exhibit. It had been one of the last ones, as the ramps guided visitors back down towards the ground floor. The tank was built to surround them three-hundred and sixty degrees, so the sharks circled all the way around. Sam had pointed out that it seemed like the sharks were following them, spiraling lower and lower to keep level with them as they walked, and after that Dean couldn’t help but notice it, too. It made Dean’s stomach turn, just a little. It was like the sharks had their attention on the three of them.
“We’ve been watching you since the beginning, Castiel.” A second voice - it’s a man’s, and sounds even slimier than the first. Dean wracks his brain for the name that Cas had told him a while ago - Zachariah. “Don’t pretend you don’t know that.”
And then he was sinking. His arms and legs were being tugged by the current, tugged
“No,” Cas insists quickly. “I want to go to Bobby’s. We’re still going on a test drive, aren’t we?”
Bobby raps his knuckles on the hood. “Once you’ve finished up the body work, I’ll order the paint. So start thinkin’ about a color.”
His hand cups beneath Dean’s jaw, and Dean feels the heat, the backsides of his eyelids glowing red-orange from the light as Cas heals his chin where it had scabbed over, rough and itchy. Dean lets him.
,” Sam makes his best bitch face. “The holiday rush isn’t even here yet. Come on, I don’t wanna ride the bus - ”
“Yeah,” Dean says, nodding along. “Sure, that sounds fun.”
“Good. Look who I found on my way back from the bus stop,” Sam throws a thumb over his shoulder at Cas.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says with a shake of his head. Cas studies him from where he stands in the middle of Dean’s bedroom. “You scared the shit out of me.”
“Night, Sammy.”
“I’ve always been - fascinated with it. Much to the ire of my siblings, I was curious, interested. I wanted to know about humans, wanted to experience - ” Cas shakes his head, glances at Dean and then away again. “And then, there was the day Inias and I saw the burning boat.”
“Geez, man.”
Like neritic waters, it glimmers before him. On closer inspection the color has remarkable depth, the swirls created by Dean jostling it reminiscent of the current. He stares down into it. It’s just what he imagined when he ordered it - like hundreds of shades of scales, like every layer of the ocean, the color of his dreams for nearly as long as he can remember - impossibly blue and strikingly similar to a pair of eyes that he knows all too well.
“Sure,” John replies, and there’s something strange in his voice that catches Dean’s attention, making him glance up. “I’ll give you some money.”
“I don’t think I have a choice, Bobby.”
“Get - the fuck - off me - ” Dean grunts as he catches an elbow to the mouth, flooding his tongue with the taste of iron, as they wrestle on the cement.
Cas nods, and she beams at him.
“Dean,” Cas says softly as they pass the intersection of 20th street. “Can I hold your hand?”
Cas does, and then he does it again, and he pulls back to watch Dean’s face as he fails to bite back a whine and he comes so hard he shudders through it. Dean bites his lip hard, his t-shirt getting even more ruined but he doesn’t care. He strokes himself once or twice more before relaxing, letting his arm fall to the side.
Grabbing the soap from under the sink, Dean squirts a generous amount over the plates and bowls and gets to work. Beside him, Castiel hoists himself onto the counter and sits with his legs dangling, swinging gently against the cabinets.
Castiel’s hand finds Dean under the covers, and slides over his middle, trailing across his ribcage. Tensing, Dean resists the urge to flinch away and reaches up to tangle his fingers with Cas’s and move their hands down so they’re resting on his belly, instead. He’s not sure if Cas notices, but he doesn’t say anything.
“Yeah, I’m sure,” Dean says. “I’m gonna walk Cas out to the pool and then I’m going to bed.”
“You know, I used to hate sleeping by myself.”
The room has been completely rearranged. The mismatched couch and armchair have been pulled away from the walls and towards one another, and draped over them are more blankets than Dean even knew they owned.
Dean isn’t sure if the low occupancy is the only reason for his mood, because his dad seemed particularly sullen as soon as he pulled up in his truck Friday afternoon. He’s irritable and almost sulky, and maybe Dean’s imagining it but he seems to be avoiding everyone. Once, Dean walked past his dad’s bedroom to hear him arguing with someone over the phone. He couldn’t make out the words, but John had sounded pretty insistent about something.
Dean pulls his knees up to his chest and wraps his arms around them. “Did I wake you up?”
“You don’t like the water,” Cas says, as if just remembering.
Dean jolts awake, gasping for breath flat on his back and alone in his bed.
Back in the kitchen, Dean pulls eggs and cheese out of the fridge while Sam gets some toast started.
“No we’re not, Sam,” Dean says. “Quit complaining.”
, Sam?” Dean snaps, and they’re in an alley and the stars twinkle in the clear sky above them and he almost recognizes it.
Slipping inside and shutting the door quietly behind himself, Dean hesitates in the hallway. It’s dark and still, the only sound of Sam’s fish tank gurgling if he listens closely. He stands for a moment, listening to himself breathe.
A few minutes of peace.
Cutting his eyes back to him, Dean makes a disgusted face. “What?’
He removes his shoes at the apartment door, kicking them off with a squelch and leaving them beside the mat. Hesitating, he leans down and tears his socks off, too, and tucks them into his shoes. A glance around the corner shows the Impala parked neatly in her spot, but no truck - it must still be before two o’clock. Ellen was here tonight rather than at the Roadhouse, so it makes sense John is gone.
.” Dean throws up his hands and turns to leave. “We can drive. But if my baby gets scratched, I’m blaming you. Let’s go.”
“We didn’t think you’d last this long when you swam off, we’ll give you that,” Zachariah continues.
It’s always a rather melancholy time of year, the sun drawing nearer to the equator as the equinox becomes closer ahead than the solstice is behind. The angle of the sun changing and it’s something that can be felt viscerally, that gradual moving away. To be marked with a day of equality before the light is given to the south for its turn.
The deluge comes suddenly and fiercely, like buckets of water dumping from the heavens. Dean’s breathing hard, his heart still racing as water pounds down onto the car, almost deafening, and Castiel is laughing over the sound.
“In the door, Einstein.”
He holds them out.
“I’m, um,” Dean says. “I’m gonna go make sure Sammy’s brushed his teeth and stuff before bed, and then I’ll be back.”
“De’.”
“I guess so.”
“Castiel,” she says. “What a curious name.”
, are - ”
John hangs up. Dean stands there a minute before letting his breath out slow, not realizing he had been holding it. He shoves his phone back in his pocket, and then brings his hand up to push his thumb sharply into his side, in the spot between his ribs.
“That was cruel of you,” Cas growls.
Sam smiles and takes Dean’s hand, and Dean uses his grip on the kid to make him keep up as they continue.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and he offers him a smile. “I am feeling better.”
“That’s good.”
After crawling back out of the fort, Dean crosses the hall to the kitchen. He’d bought some frozen stir fry the last time he was at the grocery store, and he’s been saving it because he knows Sam likes it. Pulling it out of the freezer, he sets the bag on the counter and gets a pan from the bottom cabinet.
“Yes, sir,” Cas says with a nod. Dean thinks the words sound strange in his mouth, and he doesn’t like it.
Cas shakes his head. “I’m hungry.”
Though he scrutinizes Dean for a few seconds longer, Bobby seems to take his word for it. With a controlled sigh, he settles in the chair across the table.
“Hmm,” Cas says. “I guess.”
Jesus Christ.
Castiel looks away, out over the water. “It’s not ideal. Not preferred, I guess is a better word.”
“Her name’s Bela and she has a British accent,” Jo says with disgust. “What’s not to hate? Watch, she’s probably skinny and blond, too.”
“That’s okay,” Cas says.
“Uh, she just wants to hang out at the boardwalk tonight. I don’t know if I’ll go.”
Thank you Charli for being a wonderful beta for this chapter. xo
Dean’s flat on his back with his eyes closed against the sun, rays beating down on him with almost-July earnest. It feels good, the warm sand under him and the soft breeze making his hair tickle over his forehead. Castiel’s fingers dance over the inside of his wrist, where Dean has his palm turned up.
“Are you?”
“Oh,” Dean clears his throat. “Sorry. It’s, uh, it’s called Havre de Grace.”
“Yeah,” Dean says without looking at him. He tugs his shirt over his head by the back of the collar and tosses it on the floor.
washed into it with the tide?
They make it to Baltimore by mid-morning. The last hour of the drive follows the Chesapeake north, staying close enough to the water that Dean doesn’t worry too much about Cas.
“I’m feeling good,” Cas says, but he frowns. “I hope I do things properly. The owner of the store seemed very serious.”
Dean can’t help but laugh at that, despite knowing it’ll just piss Cas off more. Sure enough, Cas punches him on the shoulder as Dean puts the car in gear and drives off.
“I’m sorry to hear that. You two seemed really good together.”
“Yes,” Sam nods.
The place is trashed. The doors to the storage shed must have been blown open, because a stack of pool chairs lay toppled over in the doorway. An umbrella that he doesn’t think even belongs to them is broken and strewn across the deck among an unbelievable amount of seaweed. The fence that surrounds the area has boards missing on the side nearest to the ocean, and not just a few.
Cas shoots him a glare, offended for her. “She is
With that, Dean brushes by Bobby and out of the office.
. Wake up. Cas, wake him, would you?”
Stomach twisting, Dean resists the urge to jab his thumb between his ribs and he urges his feet forward. He makes for the door.
Shaking his head, Cas turns to Dean with an incredulous look on his face that just makes Dean laugh harder.
“Is that a promise?”
“You’re the one who wanted to go for a walk, Cas. Keep up.”
“Yeah,” Jo nods her head towards the door behind them which leads to the back room. “She’s workin’ on bills or something. You get the pool done?”
Cas smiles. “Yes. I was raised there.”
“You’re lookin’ at it,” she says with a wry smile, and Dean thinks she might be trying to avoid making eye contact with him, too. She looks to Cas, instead. “Hey. You new around here?”
“Can we get some water?” Castiel asks as they leave the rides behind, walking back up the boardwalk in the direction they came from.
“Good distraction,” he mutters, and Cas smiles.
It’s quite the display. It’s loud, probably way too loud to be doing behind this residential area, but Dean is grinning wide and doesn’t care. Firework after firework explodes high above to shower flickering stars around them. It’s not nearly as big as the show that Ocean City puts on over the beach, but they’re up close and personal with these and it’s a hundred times better.
“We built a fort!” Cas’s voice comes from inside.
“Did you catch any?” Cas asks with a nod at the bucket.
For a long moment, there’s no sound between them except for the crashing of the waves. They sit quietly, their shoulders brushing and their fingers overlapping between them as they lean back on their hands. Eventually, they lie back in the sand to watch the stars instead of the water and Dean slides his fingertips over the sensitive skin on the inside of Cas’s wrist. It makes Cas turn his head towards him, and they look at one another.
There’s a shuffling sound from beneath all the covers, and after a moment the blanket draped down the front is pulled aside. Sam’s grinning face turns up towards him.
Now, though, he could do it. He could pull back from this kiss, look down at Cas, and just ask him. Cas sucks his bottom lip into his mouth and Dean practices the words in his head -
“I know I put a lot on you,” John finally says, talking to the carpet in the hallway and Dean listens to his heart pounding in his ears. “For a long time, I have.”
Being careful with himself, Dean concentrates on his breathing. He counts until he gets to seven, but the air doesn’t come in and out any easier.
Cas waits in the yard to watch the chickens as Dean heaves the box of parts up to the front porch. The guy eyes him suspiciously when he answers the door, even though Dean knows Bobby told him he was coming, but he takes the box of parts with a grunt and a nod. Dean shakes his head as he walks off the porch as the guy closes the door. Bobby’s got weird friends.
“Only briefly. I hope you’re not upset. Your brother cares very deeply about you,” Cas says sincerely.
“Hey, Dad.”
“That was…” Cas says, still breathless.
“I like him,” Dean murmurs after a minute.
Though he tosses Cas a look, Dean mostly just does it just to be ornery. He pets her, and she chirps for him, too. He likes the way she stretches her neck out so he can scratch under her chin. She actually does seem pretty small under all that hair.
They lie next to each other, breathing in opposite rhythms, and though Dean usually finds comfort in the sound he can’t seem to keep his mind focused on anything.
“You gotta get out of here, Dean,” Bobby murmurs. Dean lifts his eyes to find Bobby looking at him imploringly.
“We’ll do as much as we can, Sammy. It depends on how much things cost.”
Her hand splayed across Dean’s stomach, Lisa bends over him and licks the salt off his chest, slowly, while the people crowding around cheer. Dean watches her tongue, his head spinning with alcohol. She sits back on her heels, tosses the shot back with a grimace, and leans back in. Dean meets her in the middle with the lime between his lips, and when she wraps her mouth around it and sucks the juice out of it, the room erupts in catcalls and jeers and Dean meets Cas’s eyes over her shoulder.
“We’re not
He had wanted to do it earlier that day, should have done it, during any of the opportunities that he’d had. But the drive back to Bobby’s from the wheat field had felt so short, Cas sitting close on the bench so their thighs were nearly touching, Dean's arm in his lap. And then they were dropping off the Roadrunner and getting in the Impala, and they were heading back to the apartment, and he even could have done it then. But he didn’t have the words - they were fluttering madly inside him, stuck in his twisting stomach and he couldn’t get them out.
They wander back to where the Impala was parked and clamber back in, and Dean makes for the Inner Harbor. He won’t tell Sam or Cas where they’re going, no matter how many times they ask. They find parking again and it isn’t until they walk around the corner on Pratt Street and the glass, triangular building comes into view that Sam gasps.
Naomi actually laughs at that, and Zachariah lets out an unpleasant snort.
Dean turns to find Cas behind him, watching him with a small smile. Dean shrugs.
“Okay,” Cas replies.
“Sammy.
“Wish you could join me,” Dean adds with a smirk, standing in close and sliding a hand over Cas’s hip.
He drives too fast down Bobby’s driveway, dirt and rocks getting kicked up by the tires and pinging off the undercarriage. The dog barks as Dean pulls up, probably alarmed by his abrupt approach.
“What I’ve told you before, it wasn’t a lie,” he says, quiet. “About - humanity.”
“Yeah?”
“No, we didn’t.”
Dean makes to stand, but Cas’s fingers tighten on his waist and he doesn’t let him.
“Dean - ” His dad tries to pry his fingers from the fabric, but there’s a splash from the tub and Dean just holds on tighter, terrified. How did his dad not see it?
“You judgin’ me?” John repeats.
“What am I s’posed to do with her? You take better care of her than I do, anyway.”
“You’re not appreciating this masterpiece, Cas.”
When he gets no response, Dean chews his lip.
“Yeah,” Dean scrubs a hand over the back of his head, still staring at the envelope. “I know.”
Neither says anything for a few stops, their knees touching between them.
“Yes you are! We said no using gills!” Sam splashes again, but is too far away to reach him.
Shutting the door behind them, he doesn’t bother turning on the light. It’s quiet, the night time noises muffled behind the window. Cas doesn’t move from where he stands in the middle of the room, but Dean can feel his presence, can see where his shadow creates an even darker splotch against the black. Dean finds him in the dark.
Dean’s just getting upright when Alastair’s hands are on him, yanking him all the way to his feet. As he’s getting dragged up from the ground, Dean hears a scuffle from nearby, Jo cursing, and a grunt that he’s positive comes from Cas. Dean swings.
Dean shakes his head and waves a hand at Cas, keeping his head bowed. “No, I’m okay.”
“I can offer a distraction for you,” Cas says with a smirk, and Dean finds himself smiling.
“Well, we can walk around for a bit in the morning,” Dean says. “If you want.”
“I think I’ve been in here long enough,” he says. “Can I come hang out with you in the lobby?”
He sweeps quickly, making a pile of wet sand and sodden junk. Vaguely, he hears the muted tones of Rufus and his dad from out of sight, but for the most part it feels isolated surrounded by the high concrete walls and the smell of ocean water mixed with chlorine. It makes him shiver.
Finally, Dean turns. “Yeah, thanks.”
“I do. Get out of the car, Dad.”
“Okay, watch Sammy,” Dean says.
“I still can’t believe this,” Sam shakes his head in wonder. “Wow, Cas, it makes so much more sense now - I couldn’t
“It was!”
“He came looking for me.”
“Uh,” Dean hands Cas the fourth bowl, who glances from John to Dean with a worried crease between his brow.
Dean spins back to Castiel and shoos frantically at him. “
“Castiel,” he corrects. “But Cas is fine.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, probably too quickly. “Yeah, I wanna help.”
Cas’s mouth twists, and he gives Dean his squintiest look. “Don’t tantalize me.”
Dean feels his mouth stretch into a smile. “You look cute when you’re thinking.”
“I like
“Leave it, Dean, let’s go.”
Sam coughs behind him, a wet noise that’s gotten worse the past few days and is just another thing Dean’s had to worry about. His stomach clenches painfully.
“You hug any?” Dean jokes.
” in a choked voice and Jesus, Dean’s so hard it hurts.
“Sam, I said shut it!” Dean unlocks the Impala as they come up to it.
Dean drops the lime from his mouth into his palm, leaving it on the coffee table and straightening up to put on his shirt.
“‘Sup, Jo,” Dean says as he approaches, taking a huge bite of his sandwich.
“Cas, what?”
Dean turns to find Cas looking at him carefully. His gaze flicks briefly over Cas’s face, his sedate expression and hopeful eyes.
Sam rolls his eyes.
“You’re still doing alright?” Cas asks.
And Cas presses his mouth to Dean’s, almost tenderly. When he kisses back, Dean feels Cas’s lips curve into a smile.
Obviously satisfied with himself, Cas tilts his head back and Dean tips the last of the chips into his mouth.
Dean can feel Cas pulsing inside him and it makes him groan, flushed warm and panting. Rolling his hips a few more times as he works himself through the last of his orgasm, Cas presses his mouth into Dean’s sweaty chest. He kisses him, then again, before he finally lets his arms fall away and he leans back against the seat, breathing heavy.
They break the surface, just as Dean thinks his lungs are going to collapse, and he heaves in air. He doesn’t know where they are, the dock may be above them but his head spins as he coughs and splutters, dizzy, and he doesn’t get much of a chance to recover. Cas’s face is close.
,” and shuffle anxiously, the only commotion still happening on the outskirts of the group. Where Cas is, and Jo.
He stops briefly at Sam’s door on his way out of their tiny apartment and peers in at his brother, who’s sleeping soundly, his fish tank bubbling faintly on his bedside table. He ignores his dad’s empty room as he walks by, and he lets himself out, choosing to leave through the door that leads outside as opposed to the one that opens into the lobby building.
“You don’t know how?”
“You’ve been missin’ out, man,” Sam says. From the front seat, Dean can hear him counting his quarters. “Wait ‘til you see this arcade, it’s awesome.”
Cas scoffs, and Dean nips at his earlobe with a smile.
“Listen,” Bobby murmurs, hands folded carefully in front of him. “I’m sure I don’t know the half of what went on those years your daddy had you boys on the road.”
John makes an angry noise in his throat, shakes his head. “Bobby Singer will not - ”
“Am I your boyfriend?” Cas asks again, as casual as anything. Dean can hear Sam failing to control his snickering to his right, and he resists to urge to stomp on his foot. “Todd asked me if I was, and I wasn’t sure.”
“Memorial Day is this weekend, and that pool needs to be ready. Jesus, Dean. You better not have any plans tomorrow, because Rufus and I aren’t gonna clean up after you by ourselves.”
At that, Dean can’t help but scoff in disbelief, almost humorously. “You’re a goddamn liar.”
“Can I ask why?”
“Anael, one of my sisters. She insists on going by Anna, much to the chagrin of many of our older siblings,” Cas says with a wry smile.
“Of course,” Dean says. “Yeah, I’ll - I’ll take really good care of her.”
“I have to send in the forms and stuff for my camp.” He shuts the drawer with a huff.
Castiel smiles and nods. “Yes,” he says awkwardly. Dean mentally smacks himself on the forehead.
The monster looks - well, actually, he looks like a dude. Like some shirtless, dark-haired, (good-looking, if Dean admits it to himself), guy, who doesn’t seem much older than Dean. And  who for whatever reason is swimming in the Bunker’s trashed pool at two-thirty in the morning, and now that Dean’s staring at him with wide, terrified eyes, he realizes that he’s
Cas turns back to him, and Dean resists the urge to cringe at how unconvincing he sounds.
Dean swallows.
“How ‘bout I ask you a question, instead?”
“I know you can’t really get in the water, but I’ll lend you some trunks to wear,” Dean says, shovelling the last of his handful of chips in his mouth and brushing the crumbs from his hands. “It’d look weird if you didn’t.”
Dean just listens, waiting for Cas to go on.
Finally, Cas turns to face Dean, and he glares. “It’s so fucking hot.”
“Yes.”
Dean tosses his phone onto the coffee table and leans back into the couch cushions, looking at the TV but not really watching.
“But then you were gone, I guess - I didn’t hear anything about you for years. You move away?”
“And save the blueberry one for Cas!” Dean calls over his shoulder, and he heads out of the door in a rush.
“Naomi and Zachariah.”
“I told him.”
“Yeah,” comes Sam’s reply, muffled by the food in his mouth. “We’re going kayaking up at Miller Creek.”
Dean composes himself and smiles.
He just gripped the steering wheel, taking comfort in the familiar rumble of the engine.
Dean laughs. “Yeah, I’ll bet you are. C’mon, you can get candy with your tickets.”
He’s just emptying the net of seaweed into a pile on the deck, his back partially turned to the deep end, when he hears a soft splash from behind him. Dean whirls around, his heart all of a sudden hammering in his chest, and he scans the surface of the pool with wide eyes.
“So what’s next?” he asks.
“Dean,” he says, and his voice is serious. “Are you sure you don’t mind me staying here?”
They all agree to go out again later in the week before they say their goodbyes and part ways. Ash, Andy and Jo head back towards the bus stop to go south and Dean and Cas start walking the other way up the sidewalk.
“Uh,” he clears his throat. “Well, my mom died. It was hard on my dad.” Understatement.
“Oh,” Cas says, and something odd in his voice catches Dean’s attention, and he raises his eyes. “Um, no, I don’t.”
There’s a tattoo over the side of Gabriel’s ribcage. Dean squints but in the fading light can’t really make sense of the strange symbols in four neat lines across his side. They remind him of hieroglyphs, but those left by something otherworldly. Looking at them makes him think, inexplicably, of being surrounded on all sides by floor-to-ceiling tanks; of a faraway look in ocean-blue eyes and the kind of heavy, muted silence that presses on the eardrums. It gives him goosebumps.
“That’s a lot of migrating,” Castiel says, and Dean nods. “I thought humans were much more prone to sedentary behavior. Why did your father feel he needed to do that?”
“Uh, thanks. Yeah, I don’t mind,” he says. “How long have you guys been under here?”
“We are
After a quick shower, Dean throws on clean clothes and spends some time straightening up his room. It’s never been this messy before Cas came around. But while he grumbles and rolls his eyes as he picks up a few t-shirts that he knows Cas wore last, he finds that he actually doesn’t mind too much.
“Let me,” Cas murmurs, and reaches for Dean’s face. “Please, let me help.”
Thrilled to be the one paying, Cas cashes in a couple of bills for quarters at the arcade and passes them around. They play until their coins run out.
“Um. I’m Dean.”
He doesn’t remember falling, or hitting the water. At first he was on the boat, and then he was sinking.
Cas tilts his head down the beach in indication, gives a tiny smile that’s equally cautious and hopeful.
“Quit lookin’ at me,” Dean says, his eyes jumping away from Cas’s face and his intense gaze.
“This is the
“Wait, so, I’m confused,” Sam says as they get on the sidewalk and start back towards the motel. “You got washed up in that big storm last week?”
“What is this?” Cas asks when he gets to the amulet resting over Dean’s sternum, fiddling with it gently.
“Good. I hope you didn’t get too high.”
“I’m glad.” Dean smiles as they walk. “I like having you with us.”
“Because you enjoyed getting your ass kicked so much the last time?” Dean knows that hits a nerve because Alastair’s face darkens, and while he still tries to keep up his cloyingly saccharine facade, his smile turns into more of a sneer.
Dean keeps the light off in the bathroom so it doesn’t disturb his brother and he splashes cold water on his face. Even in the dark, he can just make out his reflection in the cloudy mirror when he straightens up. His eyes look large and owlish and they stare back at him in a way that makes the hairs on his arms prickle. Uneasy, he shakes off the odd, familiar feeling of deja-vu and looks away. He leaves the bathroom.
“What?”
“Oh.”
“Sure, Jody,” he says. “Thanks.”
Cas is standing stock still, staring wide-eyed down the pier. His face has completely drained of color, and he looks like he’s seen a ghost. When Dean follows his gaze down the dock, he doesn’t see anything unusual - just tourists, a few other joggers, kids in strollers.
“Yeah,” Dean croaks, getting the message. “Yeah, take them off.”
“Dean, let me - ”
Dean avoids that stupid look on Cas’s face as he sets up the tub, the one that twists his stomach painfully tight and makes Dean want to scream at him. He leaves Cas in room one and heads back to the apartment, kneading his knuckles into the side of his ribcage as he goes.
Underwater, Dean pounds the walls and yells, but all that comes out are bubbles and he’s using up his oxygen. He thumps on the window with his fist. His lungs are burning.
Dean shakes his head. “Not really, no.”
Dean nods. Dropping his gaze, he turns to kick his shoes off in the corner. “Ellen came in early.”
Cas sits back on his heels with a frown.
“We’re going on a road trip,” Cas says, taking the backpack from Dean as he hands it to him. “Dean packed you a bag.”
Dean passes Castiel the bag of chips, but as Cas is taking them from him his eyes seem to catch on something.
Just then, the muffled sound of Ellen’s voice calls Sam’s name from somewhere outside.
“You just did.”
Dean’s gaze trails the rest of the way around the half-circle, until it finally lands on Cas. He’s on the other side of Jo, and he’s not paying the ponies any attention. His eyes are on Dean, and his expression is soft and it’s lost and it makes Dean’s stomach ache. He drops his eyes before Cas does.
“I don’t know yet.”
“C’mon, c’mon,” Dean‘s calves burn with the effort of sprinting flat-out. Jesus, they walked out far, how are they not back to the car yet? The rain starts to fall with increasing earnest and Dean’s breath catches in his throat with panic. Cas can’t get caught out here.
“You okay?” he asks, but Cas just nods. Dean presses his lips together, unconvinced. “We’re halfway to the Bay.”
“You hungry?” Dean asks.
Dean raises his hands placatingly. “I know, and I’m sorry, I should’ve - ”
At the inlet, he crosses to the bay side and changes direction, heading back north. The rain falls consistently, but just serves to keep him cool. Someone honks as he runs through the puddles on the sidewalk, and he ignores it.
Dean shrugs. “Few years younger than you.”
At that, Gabriel actually laughs. “Into your pool. The kid’s got good aim, I’ll give him that. And then he tells you that he happened to recognize you after he got here? That’s hilarious - no. No, nothing about that was an accident. Nothing about any of this was an accident.”
Cas blushes, and Dean thinks it’s the greatest thing ever.
“Yeah, it’s a lot better this time of year,” Sam adds. “There are a lot less lines.”
“I was just as surprised as you,” Sam says with a shrug.
Dean cuts his eyes to Cas sharply. His insides squeeze painfully and he finds himself feeling angry all of a sudden.
Dean flicks his gaze back to his dad, who doesn’t move until Sam’s door clicks shut down the hall. John takes a swig from his beer. His Adam’s apple bobs sharply as he swallows.
One drifts towards them from the right, and as it gets close Sam glances over his shoulder once more at Dean, as though making sure it was okay, before leaning over the glass to reach for it. He laughs as he touches it.
“Wait,” Cas says.
Cas climbs to his feet and Dean only hesitates a moment before he follows. The two of them trudge after Jo and Sam through the hot sand.
When he doesn’t answer, Cas says, “Dean.”
When it finally hits five-thirty on Tuesday morning, Dean never wants to work another night shift again. While it was nice that the motel had mostly cleared out by Monday afternoon, as everyone had to go back to work the next day, it made for an incredibly dull eight hours. There were no strange noises outside like the first night, though, and he’s grateful for that.
Bobby studies him from across the table as Dean drags out the chair closest to him and sinks into it. Gently, Bobby nudges the bowl of chili towards him.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Don’t mention it, Sammy.”
He only gives Dean’s dick a few strokes before taking his hand away, and Dean makes a desperate, needy noise that sounds pathetic to his ears but he doesn’t even care, and Cas shushes him. Grabbing the lotion again, Cas squirts a fair amount into his palm and when he takes Dean’s cock back into his hand it’s slick and tight and fast and perfect and Dean groans.
John grunts and nods once at him, unscrewing the cap of his beer and flicking it easily into the trash. “Be home before ten.”
, that mini golf place lets us play for free. Because of my picture,” he repeats.
, Dean? ” She shakes her head. “
“Had to?” Dean asks dubiously. Squatting near the opening, Dean tries to peer around Sam.
“Why are you doing that now?” Cas crosses his arms, leaning against the doorframe to watch him.
Dean hangs up.
“There,” Cas says when he’s finished, as he smiles down at Dean.
Castiel rests his forearms on the wood. His hair is spiky with water, the moonlight gleaming across his bare shoulders, and Dean doesn’t know why but it makes him uneasy to meet his gaze.
“What the fuck,” Sam whispers, and Dean elbows him sharply.
“What happened to Spongebob?” Dean asks as he returns to his spot on the couch. He draws his legs up so they’re criss-cross, and his knee rests a bit on the top of Cas’s thigh. It’s a small couch.
“Nah, don’t be intimidated by him, Cas,” Dean says with a shake of his head. “Frank Devereaux's a bit of a kook. I’ve never met him, but I’ve heard about him. Kind of crazy, keeps to himself and works in his pet store and that’s it. I’m sure you’ll do fine.”
The two of them have to skirt around a lot more people on the boardwalk, and though they get a few glares and indignant shouts they ignore them, too focused on outrunning one another. They hit the pier together and really kick it into gear, their elbows bumping as they jostle each other and laugh. They’re sprinting flat-out and Dean hopes he doesn’t fall on his face but he pushes himself faster, ignoring the burn in his calves.
Suddenly nervous, Dean leans away. “Uh, I’m okay.”
Cas gets the hint and takes a step back, and Dean’s stomach twists when he glances up and catches the look on Cas’s face - confused and a little hurt, and Dean feels like punching himself in the face.
“I thought I - last week, on our run, I thought I saw them on the pier.”
“I have to pick Sam up from Northside Park at three.”
“Oh, uh - and another thing.” Bobby points at the paper in Dean’s left hand - a form about commuter status. “It’s cheaper for you to be off campus. I’ve got a piece of property near Patuxent with a camper on it - it’s not fit for you to live there, but I used the address to apply for you to be able to commute. You could find an apartment somewhere cheap.”
People cheer, and the next thing Dean knows he’s being herded towards Lisa by who he assumes to be her friends. The crowd parts as he’s shuffled to the middle of the room until he’s standing before her.
“He hasn’t totally decided, but he’s been lookin’ at apartments there, so it seems likely,” Jo says.
Concentrating on that, Dean works on convincing himself that he doesn’t have anything to worry about at the moment. Sam is taken care of, he still has enough food in the fridge, and they’re all in bed, warm and safe.
“Yeah, man,” Dean says from where he’s bent over the refrigerator. He pulls out some old-looking leftovers and straightens to toss them in the trash.
Castiel begins tracing small patterns on Dean’s chest with his fingertips and Dean watches him, his own hand smoothing down Cas’s back.
The tension nearly palpable in the midnight air, Dean glances between Cas and Naomi with his stomach in knots, unsure of what’s happening.
“Yes, well… I have to go back,” He hesitates. “Eventually.”
“Dean, go back inside - ” Cas insists with an emphatic shake of his head and a point towards the motel.
When he turns away with a shake of his head, Dean catches Bobby’s scrutinizing look. He avoids his eye and heads for the house.
Dean’s gaze returns to it again.
John slumps against the door, elbow jammed against the window.
Biting back the bitterness in his throat, Dean watches Cas bend to pick his shirt and towel up off the ground for just a moment before he turns away and passes through the slider back into the lobby. He hears Cas pull the door carefully shut behind him but he doesn’t turn to look, pushing through the half-door behind the desk.
“It’s okay,” Dean reassures. He pulls back to see the familiar way Cas’s eyebrows have come down sharply in the middle, how his teeth bite into his lip. “God, Cas, you’re so beautiful - ”
“Like a dick?” Sam says.
Finally, the car appears in view up ahead and they burst through the edge of the crops to skid through the dirt smack into the drivers side door. Reaching around Cas, Dean wrenches the door open and shoves him unceremoniously inside. He follows, sliding into the bench seat and slamming the door hard behind them just as the sky opens up.
“But he is pretty. Shit, those blue eyes, man - ”
“MIT?” Jo says incredulously.
It’s dark inside, and Dean doesn’t remember if he saw John’s truck parked outside but his door is wide open and his room is empty. Hopefully he waited for Sam to fall asleep before he left. Dean has no idea what time it is.
he felt guilty for being the designated role model. They’re in love, and as happy as Dean is for them, his chest still clenches when he sees them trade soulful glances or gently touch when passing the syrup bottle across the breakfast table. That’s about all Dean sees, and he’s sure that’s intentional. He hates that they feel it has to be done, but he appreciates the effort.
Dean raised a brow. “‘Scuse me?”
“This is incredible, Dean. Thank you.”
“If you ask me if I’m okay, Cas, I swear to god-”
He’s coughing and sputtering whenever he does get air in but he doesn’t care because Cas is pushing in and pulling out of him with such concentration, the noises Dean’s pulling from his lips absolutely erotic, and he can’t even complain. Dean is sucking the cock of a fucking
“I can’t leave you here,” Dean whispered. “I won’t.”
“Dean.”
gonna die here, Cas.”
And that was where he’d gone wrong, wasn’t it? He’d given Chuck the real glimpse he needed to cut right to the heart of their story. He’d reminded him of the end he hadn’t yet wrapped up in an agonizing little bow.
Add this one to the scorebooks.
“And you love me. And that’s it.”
"Well, now...it hasn't taken yet." Lox smiled a feral smile, his thick dreadlocks falling haphazardly around his face.
, I guess I should say, forever asleep in the Empty.”
Cas shook his head before Dean could finish.
Cas nodded. “That's not the entire truth. I do have a gender, but not in the traditional sense. In the scope of your species, I present myself as male. In Heaven, I'm simply an Alpha.”
Cas looked down, clasping his hands in front of him. “I’m glad you...um. I’m glad that’s okay...with you.”
“Anyway, you are aware of the fact that technically, I do not have a gender. My ethereal being, my trueform...it is genderless.”
Dean paused momentarily before pressing his lips together and setting his jaw. Cas looked too exhausted to argue but shrank as far into his chair as he comfortably could as Dean approached, stiffening when he laid a hand on his arm.
"You're not making it out alive this time, Winchester," Lox growled, his hands making their way around Dean's neck, squeezing. Dean pulled an arm free and brought his elbow down hard on one of Lox's forearms, breaking his hold, and used the momentary unbalance to push him away, following up with a swift kick to the monster's stomach. Lox doubled over onto the ground, scrambling to quickly get back to his feet.
He barely gets time to recover before Cas lands another hit, this time on the other side, and he cries out around the cock in his mouth, followed by a long, low moan. The tears are falling openly now and he doesn’t care, because this is the most turned on he’s ever been and he needs this, he can’t explain how or why, all he knows is he just
“Cas, could you shut up a second?”
Dean hasn’t seen Cas for a while now. He’s using some weird combination of grace and invisibility to drive home his point, and damned if it isn’t working.
Dean scoffed and raised his arms, looking around the kitchen. “Oh, are we just ignoring the fucking mess in the kitchen now? Or the hallway? The library? Am I the only one seein’ it?”
Cas huffed. “Please don't pretend the tension between us is non-existent. Not right now. It's too difficult to be around you because I am attracted to you. With my rut triggered it's only increased my attraction to you ten-fold.”
Dean hadn’t realized how hard he was squeezing his eyes shut until he opened them, blinking away black spots. He didn’t meet Cas’s gaze though, swallowing hard.
“No. I would only get temporary relief from knotting someone. Preferably an Omega, but...” he trailed off, looking at the floor, over at the wall...anywhere but at Dean.
“How are you still here, then, Cas?”
Honestly, he’d stop trembling if he fucking could.
Dean looked down and cleared his throat. “So what happens if you don't, uh...y'know. Take the edge off.”
“I know, Cas,” Dean said, tonguing his cheek and nodding. “I already know. And I...I’ve just been trying to own my shit, you know? Cause I wasn’t...wasn’t ready to accept that yet. And...I dunno...after seein’ dad again, for some reason I feel like I can finally be all the things I told myself I never could. I feel like I can finally be happy. I feel like I finally deserve for someone to feel about me the way you do.”
“I feel like we’ve seen this before. Are we goin’ in circles? We’ve seen this before-”
God, his cock is so hard it’s painful, but he can feel Cas’s hold starting to slip a little, and so Dean grabs his hips with his hands and holds on for dear life, pushing Cas’s cock further into his throat of his own accord. His own cock is bobbling wildly between his legs and he just feels like if he can throw Cas off, just a bit more, just a little…
“Yeah, yeah, I heard you,” Dean interrupted, rolling his eyes. “But, uh...as someone who’s never done this before-” he swallowed hard, his throat dry, gesturing back and forth between them, “-ah. Seems kinda like a necessity.”
Cas stared after him, and as he heard Dean's voice down the hall filling Sam in on their run, blunt and authoritative, he began to smile.
Breathing hard, he lowered the blade, only remembering the third and final monster when he heard the sounds of a struggle.
“Or will you waste them?”
“How?”
” Cas said desperately, shaking his head, laying his hand over Dean’s to still it. “I, um...I’ve been…” he trailed off, frowning.
do, want you, that- what I meant was, I...if we were to...I wouldn’t want it to be forced. I want...with you, it’s different. I-”
“Dean,” Cas continued, dropping his hand. “They’ve been using it against us the whole time. Everything with Naomi, before...last time we escaped from here. When she worked to brainwash me. I never told you what she did. I never told you...what I had to do.”
His clothes were soaked through with sweat, dark nipples hard under his white shirt- not that Dean noticed- his hair wet and matted to his forehead, skin red, eyes bloodshot. It looked like every small movement hurt him, going by his wince as he shifted in his seat. His wings were only visible in Heaven, unless Castiel decided otherwise, which begged the question why his stupid feathers were all over the bunker, but Dean decided that was a question best saved for later.
Dean stared at him, looked back to the hall, back to Cas again. His eyebrow ticked upward another hair and he clicked his tongue. “It’s late. Why don’t you just meet me in my room in ten? We’ll get at this thing in the morning.”
So Dean has never been the best at gambling, and he mentally makes a note never to challenge Cas to anything ever again.
Somehow, Dean knew what Michael would say before he even said it. He’d known they’d end up back in Purgatory. Back where it all really began, officially, he supposed. Michael even smirked a little, like he knew all about it. He probably did. Demons were notorious gossipers.
“I know.”
“We could very well die here.”
Cas’s eyes snapped to Dean’s, expression unreadable.
pink lips and his
Dean took the opportunity to grab the back of Cas’s head and crush their lips together, licking at the seam of his lips until Cas finally opened for him. Cas hurriedly worked Dean’s pants open and down his thighs, and they dropped the rest of the way once they hit his knees. He stepped out of them and kicked them to the side, a hand on Cas’s waist guiding him toward the bed. They awkwardly tumbled to the bed when the backs of Dean’s knees hit the mattress, and Dean winced as their teeth clacked together.
Dean gritted his teeth. “You know I can’t do that, Cas.”
“Try me.”
“Great, so…are we just waiting for me to clean it up, or…?”
I am so sorry for not updating this sooner, I promise to be good and write the next part. So much has happened since I last updated and I feel like this needs to be put out so we can have some quality reconciliation between them. Also it's very short haha
He hated the rage that suddenly rose in his chest -- not to mention the sudden desire he had to grab the green eyed man before him and drag him into his house. But Cas wasn't stupid, he knew better than to give into his emotions -- there was no point in opening himself up to Dean like that again.
Dean gripped Cas by his wrists, holding them securely at his sides, "are we gonna just go for it, or would you like to discuss terms?" Cas let a low growl escape his throat as he glared at Dean, panting as he stared into those lustful green eyes, "really, what I want is, Dean, is to fuck you, until I can't feel the pain anymore."
John walked out of the room leaving the door wide open, Dean could hear them arguing as they retreated downstairs. He knew he couldn't just walk down the stairs and leave out the front door so Dean crawled out from under his bed and jumped from his window. It wasn't that far of a jump from the second floor and Dean had snuck out of the house many times before, so he mastered landing in the bushes without injuring himself.
Cas lifted the list, looking at it as he swallowed harshly and gently bit his bottom lip between his teeth as he looked up into Dean's eyes. "What?"
Dean cocked his head to the side, looking at Castiel curiously,
Dean woke up to the sound of frantic voices, his head hurt, and he couldn't see, "Michael I need more saline, stat."
Dean had decided that he would take a day off, he wanted to see his competition firsthand, so he cleared any and all meet ups, cam shows, and video chats for the next day. He hoped he would catch a casting so he could face his challenger, but without much to go on he didn't know where to start. There were no clues as to who this person was and it was really no help that there was no videos left up.
"Hi, I'm Dean, we chatted about this meet up last night." Finally the client stepped out more pulling the door open wider, "right, uh please come in. Please take off your shoes."
"Any time Cas,"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean dropped to his knees so he was eye level to Cas, reaching out to place his hands on either side of his face, "I'll make it stop." Cas shifted his eyes to look at Dean, rose to his knees, and Dean pulled their bodies against each other, then connected their lips together. Cas gripped Dean's sides, gently biting down on his lower lip, causing Dean to open his mouth as he gasped. Taking it as an invitation, Cas slid his tongue into Dean's mouth, fisting Dean's shirt in his hands, as they embraced each other. In one swift movement, Dean pulled Cas from the floor pushing his back to the other wall, pulling his shirt up over his head. Cas gasped softly breaking their kiss momentarily, to pull Dean's shirt up over his head, tossing it carelessly to the floor.
Lucifer felt the tug of pain in his heart before he truly understood what was happening. The anger that was building in his chest was something he couldn't control even if he wasn't the one feeling it. Castiel was angry at Lucifer for tempting Dean and Lucifer knew it. Dean's fingers were laced into the vessel's hair before Lucifer could react and his lips were pressed against Dean's. He felt the pain in his chest the second time more severely this time as he allowed the hunter to kiss him.
Time passed rather quickly, as Dean glanced at his phone noticing it was already 5:30 pm, so he gathered everything he thought he'd need and walked out of the motel room to his car. Tossing everything into the backseat Dean climbed into his car, then started up the navigation on his phone so that he could get directions to the clients house. Once he found the house he pulled up to the curb, looking out the window of his car at the small house. There was a car in the driveway and the lights inside the house were on.
"I do what I do because I enjoy the pleasure of it, both giving and receiving, it brings me a sense of accomplishment. If I can satisfy a client, make them feel desired, it makes me feel better about myself." Cas cleared his throat, nodding his head, as he turned around holding a plate in his hand. Slowly, he approached Dean placing the food in front of him before going back for his own and setting it across from Dean. "Oh crap I forgot utensils," Cas lightly smacked his hand against his forehead just as he had done earlier, then went over to grab a couple forks and knives. Cas returned shortly, sitting down across from Dean gesturing toward Dean's plate, "please, I insist...."
Well Dean was about to change all of that, by the time he is done with him, he will be an expert. Of course, no one could ever be as experienced as Dean, he considered himself slut royalty, an honorary whore, but still classy.
His name left Castiel's lips, leaving him slightly breathless as he gazed longingly into those green eyes. For a moment it was as if Dean standing here made everything alright again, like he hadn't just spent four months drowning himself in sex and alcohol.
Dean stared at the mysterious blue eyed boy curiously, "everyone just calls me Dean." A soft giggle came from the smaller boy as Dean moved to sit next to him.
Glancing back to Castiel, a small smile made its way to his face, "thanks, I....I like your name too." Dean could feel the slight flush of his cheeks as Cas continued staring at him.
. He hesitated before he clicked into the live, the announcement of his arrival appearing at the bottom of the screen.
Dean hurried to his car, pulled the door open and got in,
There, looking as lovely as he remembered, was Cas, his hair shorter now of course, with the sides shaved slightly, his face was clean shaven. Dean plopped down on the bed, slowly stuffing his face. Reaching out Dean clicked into the live, the announcement of his arrival appearing at the top right hand corner. Dean took a deep breath then he bit down into his sandwich.
"Cas....you bit me." Lucifer cleared his throat and backed up slowly attempting to make a run for it. "I....I'm sorry.....I should go." He needed to get away, the air in the room at the moment was very thick and full of a whole lot of awkward and it made Lucifer uncomfortable. Once Lucifer was by the door of the bunker, he turned on his heel and sprinted out of the bunker so fast, Dean didn't even have time to process what had just happened. Once he was in the clear Lucifer whisked off to his domain and plopped down onto his throne.
Sighing heavily Dean got up and grabbed his bag, he needed to find something decent to wear out, surely he couldn't look like a complete slut, he was going out with Cas and that actually meant more to him than he liked to admit. Dean slumped his shoulders and leaned over the dresser on his elbows
He couldn't move, he couldn't think, and instantly the tears poured from his eyes when his dad kicked down the door and rushed into the room. "Come out from where you're hiding you little freak or it'll be worse for you than it already is." Still Dean remained under the bed, by this point he was shaking. His father began trashing his room, throwing photos from the walls, tossing clothing everything, he even broke Dean's favorite Red Hood figure -something that was special to him from his grandfather, Henry.
Cas stared at the screen in complete shock, how could he act that way towards Cas? They had a moment didn't they? Cas sighed heavily as he continued to stare at the message, Dean was still online so Cas decided to shoot him a message. Opening up his private chat, and selecting Dean's name, he then typed
"Like on a date?" Cas raised his eyebrow slightly then Dean had to chuckle, he was not one to go out on dates, let alone ask to take a client out somewhere.
Dean growled softly, a sound that came from deep within in his chest, as he pulled the laptop closed, pushing it off the bed. He heard it thump lightly against the floor, taking a deep breath as he ran his fingers through his hair. Dean got off of the bed grabbing up his laptop, throwing it onto his bed, before he grabbed his keys, and quickly walked out of his room to his car. He knew where he was headed, he hated to leave things unfinished, hated to feel as though his client wasn't satisfied, even if the only thing the client wanted was dinner. He didn't need his navigation to get to the house, and once he showed up he began to panic.
"I know that I said-- that I made it clear that what we were doing wasn't meant to be anything more than what it was, I failed my own code, I fell for you and it scared me man."
"I thought-- .... well I thought maybe I could explain myself." Again Dean's voice was soft, nearly a whisper as he keeps his eyes away. He wanted to reach out, to gently caress that cheek he knew was soft, to pull Cas into his arms and never let go, but he couldn't bring himself to move. Call it what you will, remorse or regret, but the heaviness in Dean's chest kept him still. Even knowing the reason he decided to come, Dean couldn't find the words that he wanted to say -- he knew he fell for Cas, which was something he never did as it was against his own code, at least at that time.
Cas smiled as he looked down at his hands then looked up into Dean's eyes, "I know it's a strange request, especially for someone in your line of work. Trust me I've tried to get people to come over, with those dating sites but no one would. I got lucky with you."
He had found the bathroom easy enough as it was just outside the door, which he soon noticed the door that led into the bedroom once he finished his business. Cas hadn't moved from where was laying, instead he watched Dean as he came back into the room a slight smirk on his lips. Dean caught his expression, raising his eyebrow curiously, "what's that look for?" Cas sat up slightly, propping himself up on his elbow, he looked disheveled. His hair was slightly messy and the light stubble on his chin had made Dean chuckle softly as he stepped forward to sit on the bed.
for you. It's just for fun that's it." Dean shrugged his shoulders, licking his now dry lips
"No, I mean-- I had no idea what to expect. I only know that.... once I saw you on that screen, I had this strong desire to make sure you were okay."
Cas was a mess when Dean up and left, he blamed himself for being too clingy and overbearing. But that changed when he decided to do his first broadcast, just to feel something, anything. Inexperienced as he was, his follower count grew increasingly large within the first month and it never stopped. A small town boy, who lost his husband, was all these sex hungry fiends needed to latch on and it was all downhill from there.
He sat back slightly watching the screen, waiting for it to show Dean typing, but it never came. After a while Dean went offline and Cas felt the hurt in his chest,
A small whimper escaped him again as he shifted a bit, "I was running, from my dad...he found out that....." he trailed off with his words as he looked away, he could feel the tears before they pricked on the side of his eyes, falling down his small cheeks before a soft sob escaped his lips.
Castiel could feel everything Lucifer was doing to Crowley, from the endless amounts of torture, to the making of the demon lick the floors beneath the throne. It made Castiel feel dirty and in a way he felt like he wanted to make it stop, but Lucifer was overly powerful and nothing Castiel did could stop him.
Of course Mary had known of her son's choice to love boys, she had accepted it long ago. Her worry now was only what her husband would think, him being on the road as often as he was made it easier but when he was home, the way he treated Dean was already bad enough; she could only imagine how much worse it could get with something such as this.
Suddenly a bright light shined into his eyes, causing him to wince a small whimper escaping his lips, "please I'm sorry." Still his hands remained bound, held securely by safety straps that were attached to the bed.
"I need payment Mr. Winchester."
The look on Mary's face, devastation, betrayal, and slight anger with her son for choosing to live the way he did.
"But.....w-why? I love you dad please don't make me leave. I....I'm sorry." Chuck grabbed Castiel by his arm rather tightly, which made him cry out as his dad dragged him toward the front door. "No......no please I'm just a kid .....dad ....please ......no....." His father wasn't listening as he pulled the front door open, shoving Cas out the door and slamming it shut. Cas turned and knocked at the door screaming for his father to let him in but all the lights started turning off and Cas fell to his knees, curling up against the door. Pulling his knees up to his chest, Cas allowed the tears to fall and small sobs ripped through his chest as he sat there all night.
Their lips connected once more, as Cas pulled Dean against him, running his fingers along the back lining of Dean's jeans and growled into his ear, "these need to be gone, like 5 minutes ago," Cas pulled away looking into Dean's eyes, hands steady as he unbuttoned Dean's jeans, all while keeping direct eye contact. Once he got them unbuttoned, Cas practically ripped them from Dean's hips and they hit the ground,
feel desired, he wanted to make
"Castiel, what are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be in class?" Anna spoke to him with an authority that even made Dean straighten up.
"My liege."
********************
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's okay you don't need to talk about it hon, Michael can you get me some water please?"
Dean could roll with that, he wasn't afraid to try any kink at least one time so it wasn't that odd of a request. Sighing heavily, he logged out of his chat, shut down his computer, then sprawled himself out onto the bed. Covering his face with his hands, Dean sat up slowly so he could pull off his pants. He decided that he wouldn't do a show tonight, he was far too exhausted and he didn't want to risk having to accept anymore clients at the moment. Once his head hit the pillow, Dean was out like a light, waking up only once to use the bathroom then he was right back in bed until the sun broke through the closed curtains.
Dean jutted his jaw out slightly, scoffed lightly then reached into his back pocket pulling out some money that he had put there a few days ago, "here, $500 bucks, now can ya leave me alone." Bianca glared at Dean, grunted softly then turned away from him, walking back toward her office.
"Please say something,"
Cas was staring at Dean in surprise, when suddenly Dean had his lips against Cas' mouth and his hands against his cheeks, nudging his lips softly, "mmm....okay we can." Cas gripped Dean's hips with his hands as they kissed for a few moments, a soft moan escaping his lips, "Cas...." A soft chuckle escaped Cas after Dean said his name, "hm?" Dean pulled away from Cas, standing in front of him as he pulled on his hand, "let's go to bed." Cas stood in front of Dean as he held onto his hand, then they walked hand in hand up to the bedroom, stripped down, and Cas ravaged Dean passionately until they both tired out, Dean falling asleep tangled in Cas' embrace. After a few minutes Cas allowed himself to lull off into a peaceful sleep, his mind content, and his heart almost whole.
They had decided to become best friends, helping each other when one was feeling sad, doing chores around campus together, and sitting next to each other during their studies. They were practically inseparable, joined at the hip, except of course at night where they'd be in their own rooms thinking about what fun shenanigans they'd be getting into the next day.
He sent the message and sat back resting his arm along the back of the couch, while holding his beer. It seemed like ages before the reply came but once it did, Cas was to the point.
abandoned Cas during a very vulnerable time, so it wasn't as if Dean was innocent. But Cas knew what this was, Dean had made that very clear from the beginning, so it wasn't his fault right?
"Castiel?" The man smiled an evil smile shaking his head then spoke his voice a higher pitch that Crowley expected, "guess again." Realization hit and Crowley began backing slowly toward the wall, "Lucifer." Crowley quickly turned to see his mother stood behind him, her dress was slightly torn, possibly from falling over something while trying to escape.
"I think it's time to sleep Cas," Dean mumbled softly against Cas' lips pulling back slightly, and Cas took a deep breath, releasing it into a soft sigh, "you're right. I'm gone go ahead and assume that you'll be staying here for the night?" Dean chuckled softly, then leaned forward pressing his lips gently to Cas' forehead. He didn't reply he just laid his head down on the pillow with his arm draped over Cas, who had rolled over on his side to get comfortable, with his back to Dean.
"Cassie, I'm gonna set you down for a minute okay?" The whimpering child gripped Gabriel tighter.
"I'm gonna count to 5, then I'm getting my gun."
Cas laughed softly to himself, standing up and walking over to his desk which was behind the couch, grabbing something from inside the drawer, and walking back to Dean. Cas reaches out handing Dean a wad of money, "I'll give you $500 to have dinner with me." Dean glanced down at the money then back up at Cas, "what?" Cas lowered his hand, gently biting his lip as he looked away from Dean, "I...uhm....I'm making dinner and I would like it if you would...have dinner with me." Cas got quiet toward the end of what he was saying, which was fine because Dean was still looking at him as if he had two heads.
Cas couldn't lie, he too developed feelings even just slightly, but he would never think of abandoning anyone over that. Dean finally mustered up the courage and stepped closer to Cas, their chests nearly touching. This was it, either Cas would tell him to leave, or they would talk it out and things would progress from there, possibly.
"Get out of my house Castiel. You are no longer my child. You're no longer a member of this family." Castiel looked up at his dad with a look of hurt in his eyes, and the tears fell instantly down his cheeks.
Cas had to smile at this point as he looked away from Dean, "terms? Huh..." Cas jutted his jaw out, then turned his gaze back toward Dean, "alright, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. If it doesn't work, I want a refund." Dean angled his head to the side then held his hand out, "then it's a deal?" Cas' looked down at his hand then reached out taking it into his own and pulled him close, reaching up to touch Dean's cheek softly, "don't disappoint me, Dean. I feel I've had enough of that to last a lifetime."
Huffing softly, Cas stared at Dean a few seconds longer and sprinted off. Dean looked back to Anna, she was smiling at him, "feeling better?"
Cas." Dean thrust his hips forward, until he felt Cas gag slightly against him, and he let out a shaky breath, "oh wow." Dean allowed his head to fall back slightly, he was definitely enjoying every second of this, as was Cas.
Cas stared at this man stood on his porch, Dean that had caused so much havoc in his heart -- but rather than feel hatred towards him for his abandonment, Cas felt nothing. Even if he had but for a moment felt a twinge of sadness, it was gone within seconds. He had decided two months was enough time to get over their little escapade -- or whatever you would like to call it anyway.
He turns to face the front of the room and slowly he sits down on the throne crossing his leg over the other. Lucifer is very pleased with himself and although he would never admit it aloud, he was grateful to Castiel for allowing him to enter his vessel, even if it were for selfish reasons. Yes he did say he'd help defeat Amara, but really he just wanted to be free and now he's got that.
Cas turned away from Dean, slowly making his way back to the couch, falling against the couch once before he sat down. "Cas are you drunk?" Dean took a few steps toward the couch as Cas turned to look at him, "I don't have to explain myself to you, Dean. Just leave." Cas turned to grab the bottle from the table, but before he could drink from it, Dean was there and had gripped his wrist practically ripping the bottle from his hand, "I won't let you go down this path." Cas snapped his head in Dean's direction and furrowed his eyebrows, anger in his tone, "who the hell do you think you are? You don't own me." Dean looked at Cas, his eyes wide in surprise, and he shook his head, "yeah that may be true Cas, but if something happened that I could have prevented I wouldn't be able to live with myself."
Once Dean arrived at the location where the first client wanted to meet, he felt a deep sense of dread. He wasn't fully able to enjoy himself as he went to work on the client, but the client hadn't really noticed in that Dean was able to successfully mask his feelings with his dominance and quick thinking. They finished within the hour and Dean was off to the next client, ending with the same result as the last, the client had been given pleasure but Dean was left unfulfilled. As he drove back to the motel his thoughts drifted to soft lips, and rough hands, with Cas restraining his hands as he kissed every inch of Dean's body.
Dean pulled back from Cas after he released his hold, his face was full of amusement as he stared at the strange man in front of him.
Cas picked up his glass, drinking it down in one go, no hesitation, which caused Dean to gasp softly, surprised that he would just shoot it like whiskey, "I'm a mess, Dean..." he shrugs his shoulders at Dean, who still hadn't drank his wine yet, "are you gonna drink that?" Dean glanced down at his glass, shook his head, then handed it to Cas, "no. Uh I am so sorry about that Cas, I honestly feel that I am the lucky one here." Cas shrugged after he drank the wine setting his cup down on his coffee table, "how is that?" Dean inched a little closer to Cas so that their legs were practically touching, "I am known the provide excellent services, call it a cure for a broken heart, if you will, but I think we can help each other." Cas narrowed his eyes, looking at Dean from the corner of his eye, "and what makes you think I need your help."
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean for a brief moment, Dean could feel the piercing glare down his spine, but he still remained so perhaps that meant that he hadn't given up just yet; or maybe it was because Cas wanted to see what bullshit Dean spewed before slamming the door in his face for good, who knows?
Anna had been so kind to Dean, showing him around the campus of what he discovered used to be a private school, complete with dorms and everything. He didn't end up starting classes today, which was a concern he had made known to Anna as she showed him to his room.
Cas took a sharp breath, stepping slightly away from Dean, "what do you mean? Do you-" A small look of confusion formed on Cas face as he cocked his head to the side, and narrowed his eyes at Dean, "you feel something, something that you've never felt before."
He had been at a sleepover at a friend's house when the kid's mom caught them sleeping in the same bed, snuggled up to each other. They had removed their pajamas because it got too hot in the night and when the mom found them she screamed and called Chuck instantly. It was late in the night and Chuck was furious when he arrived. Cas sat in the backseat of the car silently the whole car ride home, too scared of what his father would say. Once they arrived home however, Chuck released his anger upon Cas repeatedly. Cas became very familiar with the closet, sat in the dark confined space screaming for his dad to let him out. When Chuck did let him out finally it had already been 3 hours and Cas was exhausted. Chuck stared at Cas the anger was still evident on his face and he shook his head.
you to die here. But he doesn’t get to make that choice, Cas.
"I'm losing my powers," Cas said bluntly, and until then Dean never realized before how much those powers really meant to Cas- not even after he'd admitted to Dean how often he'd kept trying to raise the issue, despite the indifference Dean seemed to display. How much he felt those powers defined who he was, and how little he felt he was worth without them. Not that either Sam or Dean cared if Cas had powers; after all, neither of them did.
“The monumental meaning your friendship has to me is exactly why I haven’t expanded your knowledge of this situation, Dean,” Cas ground out, closing his eyes as another shiver wracked his body and he clutched his trench tighter around him.
…was his cock even
Purgatory gave him a sort of hunger for Cas he’d never felt before. An artful lust, where Dean thinks perhaps for the first time he may have taken part in what Cas called “a bonding of souls”.
, snapping his hips, sharp hip bones bruising Dean’s backside. He set a rough pace, way rougher than Dean was expecting from the usually composed and gentle Cas. It was primal and intense and fucking incredible, even though Dean didn’t have anything similar to compare it to. He’d never been without another man before- unless you count the time he jerked a guy off once when he was nineteen for an extra twenty- and he’d definitely never imagined this. Definitely not with his best friend. Nevermind that he was pretty sure he’d been in love with him for years now.
It pulls back again.
“My happiness.”
“Come on,” Dean said gruffly, gesturing him forward, rolling his shoulders back to brace himself. “Before I lose my nerve.”
“C’mon, Cas,” he mumbled half-heartedly, pushing his door shut behind him and taking a look around the room. He huffed and rolled his eyes, shaking his head slightly before closing them all the way. “Heya, Cas…been hearin’ you’re havin’ a hard time and I just…I guess I’m just wonderin’ if there’s anything I can do to help.”
Without moving, Dean felt gentle tickling at his sides. His gut reaction was to jerk away, but Cas shushed him, and the tickling turned to a caress, then a full embrace. And Dean knew it then, as he was shrouded in a cocoon of safety and warmth.
“I love you,” Cas said, as if it was the next logical thing to say. But he seemed so sure of it, Dean didn’t argue.
“Cas, you fucking-“
“Before you say anything else,” Cas interrupted, casting him a serious look, “there’s something you have to know. Something else I should have told you.” He swallowed, cleared his throat. “When I went to Heaven, when I found Jack… the Empty found us. It wanted to take Jack, claim him for his angel side. I stopped it.”
The hold releases at the same time as Cas’s hand makes contact with Dean’s cheek again and he chokes and
Dean recognized the voice. They were Leviathan, all three of them, and Cas and Dean had spent a year fighting them off in Purgatory all those years ago.
Cas cut his eyes up at him. “I have the strong desire to mate with you, so...yes.”
Dean chewed the inside of his lip, huffing a laugh. “Guess you could say I caught you when you fell.”
Dean should be embarrassed by the whine that escapes his throat, but Cas stands in front of him again and all he can focus on is the massive tent in the front of his own pants, a couple of dark spots littered there and
before? It couldn’t possibly have been compared to now. Cas lets one hand rest on the back of Dean’s head as the other soothingly rubs his face, the heat leaving slowly.
Dean paused for a long time with his mouth in a small “o”, his brow furrowed.
“Why didn't you come to me, man? I could've found you somebody. Not like, an Omega, but I coulda got you a chick-”
. Okay,” he scrubbed his hands up through his hair. “Let's do this.”
Dean snorted. “I feel like you’re making excuses.”
“What did you expect, Cas?!” Dean said finally, a little louder than he intended. Loud enough that Cas snapped his own mouth closed. “For me to just accept it and move on? When have you ever known me to do that?”
Cas comes with a choked sound, ropes in Dean’s mouth, coating his cheeks, his hair, a few droplets dripping into his dark eyelashes as Cas watches in absolute awe. If Cas thought Dean looked beautiful with his lips around his cock, he looked exquisite covered in his come.
Dean held Lox at bay with both hands, unable to see what was going on behind him with Cas, though he could hear him artfully swinging his blade. Occasionally one of the leviathans cried out, which Dean took as a good sign, even as he struggled against his own aggressor.
Dean swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing under his stubbled neck. Cas moves his hand, giving Dean a nod, permission to speak.
“Mmm.”
“Waiting for what?”
“Pent up?” Dean offered, hiding a smile.
” but of course he can’t, so he prays it, prays it as loud as he can as he looks up at Cas with tear-filled eyes as Cas soothes and rubs that side of his face and rubs a finger over Dean’s spit-slicked lips that are wrapped so beautifully around his girth.
Cas spun on his heel. “So you’ll take me back, knowing what will?”
“-so I guess I’m just wondering why you won’t tell me what’s really goin’ on. Seein’ as I’m supposedly your best friend.” Dean shrugged, looking smug, as Cas rolled his eyes.
Dean scoffed. “We don’t have time for this.”
“It’s okay if you don’t want to...do this. I didn’t expect...you to…” he paused, clearing his throat. “I’m aware of your preferences, Dean, and I don’t wish to force you into a sexual encounter with which you are uncomfortable-”
“Don’t.”
“It’s done. So how are you going to handle it? Will you leave this place feeling good about our last moments together?”
They didn’t speak again until they were nearly there, when Dean began to recognize their surroundings again. He tugged at the arm of Cas’s trench coat.
Dean whipped around and grabbed Cas’s collar, just holding him there, grip tight, forearm stiff. Cas didn’t react.
And then...
seen Sammy this happy, if he’s being honest with himself- and who is he to mock what they have anyway? It wasn’t as if he wouldn’t trade his life where he stood for Cas’s right now.
is he breathtaking and
with you. I didn’t even think it possible, but…” he huffed a laugh, shaking his head, “I suppose each year I remain on this Earth I become a bit more human. And that affords me the opportunity to love you more and more each passing day.”
It definitely didn’t feel the same as it did when Cas healed him, but the first thing he registered was warmth, the only thing that gave away the fact that Cas was using grace. He shivered against the contrast of the cool air, gasped softly when he felt tingling low in his belly. Cas opened his eyes and looked up at him expectantly, his hands still firmly in place on his knees, his grace still hard at work.
- ” Dean’s mouth falls open. “There’s like - twenty of them.”
The words are jagged and barbed inside him, in his lungs and in his gut and he almost can’t breathe around them but he can’t say them aloud and letting them drown him is easier.
Or it downpours, and the water comes rushing down the incline to where he stands at the deepest point?
“You can’t stay here. You’re wasted hangin’ around that motel, kid.”
“Okay… it’s just,” Cas seems to choose his words deliberately. “You seemed - distant. Tonight.”
“Her,” Cas says.
Cas’s quiet voice comes from close to his right. Not knowing what he’s talking about, Dean turns  and finds Cas’s eyes cast downward, to where Dean is jabbing a thumb between his ribs. He drops his hand.
(he was right all along, there was a freaking
Dean strips down and he gets in the shower. The water is scalding hot but he doesn’t care, just lets his head hang so it beats down on his shoulders until the tension seeps away.
Mouth twisting, Dean turns away.
“Is it fun?”
“Because it’s fun. And you get to see things.” Dean doesn’t know what made him come up with this out of nowhere, but now that he has he can’t think of a better thing for them to do.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “So. Now you know.”
“Your paint. For the car. It came in this morning.”
“Alright, Sam,” Dean says, flicking on the light in the kitchen. “I’ll give you the choice. It’s eleven o’clock. You can either help me do the dishes, or you can get ready for bed. Your call.”
“So we can do more of this?” Cas’s fingers comb through Dean’s hair, his eyes soft.
“Oh, you’re going down, Joanna Beth.”
“You applied? You told me you weren’t gonna.”
“Hold your breath.”
“I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
Standing where the sand is wet, packed down by the weight of the surf but not quite where the water can reach him, Dean digs his toes in. His hands are still shoved in his pockets, and he squints out towards where the sun reflects off the horizon. The currents churn before him and inside him.
He counts his breaths, and resists the urge to wrap his arms around his middle. His stomach starts to loosen from the knot it had worked itself into, and he can finally take in a breath that actually feels like air filling his lungs, and not ice water.
“That would be nice,” Cas smiles back at him. “Thank you. How long do you work tonight?”
Dean nods.
“Do you need me to do anything else, Dad?” Dean keeps his voice as level as possible.
“Dean?”
” He yells.
It’s everywhere and he’s swallowing it, and it’s so salty that he chokes. As hard as he tries, he’s struggling to keep his face above the surface, he’s gulping for air but just getting mouthful after mouthful of the ocean and the current is dragging at his limbs until he’s surrounded.
Dean turns back. “Yeah?”
- !” Dean doesn’t even know what he’s shouting anymore, he’s just yelling until his throat feels raw and he’s halfway over the edge and he’s clutching at Alastair with one hand and the cement with the other, anything he can do to keep himself from going over.
And he leans in again, sliding a hand around the back of Cas’s neck to pull him in for another kiss. He catches Cas’s laugh in his mouth as their lips meet, and feels Cas’s hand come to rest on the side of his jaw.
Maybe he does want to get high. There’s always the chance smoking will make him more uneasy, but there’s also the possibility it’ll chill him out, which would be a relief. He was planning on going for a run, but maybe he’ll do both. Maybe then he’ll sleep better.
This is the best opportunity, right here where it’s just the two of them. It’s the middle of the night beside the pool, and Dean needs to quit being such a baby and just ask the question.
“A road trip. It’s when you get in the car and you drive somewhere far away.”
“A couple hours,” Sam says. He crawls past Dean to resume his spot next to the puzzle.
When he feels he’s given him enough time to cover up, Dean turns back around. “They fit okay?”
Eventually, they make it to the water. The three of them stand where the footpath meets the short grassy hill that leads down to the bay, where an old woman throws bread to some ducks.
“Yeah, you know how I thought they were fat? Well, apparently they’re not.”
Cas came on land on purpose.
He checks on Sam, who he finds sleeping comfortably in his bed with his blankets up around his ears.
Cas shrugs, a small movement hardly perceptible in the dark. “There was only one of us who had ever tried it.”
He panics. He can’t get away.
They find a cheesy sci-fi movie about aliens and Dean leaves the TV on that, tossing the remote away. The light from the screen illuminates the fort dimly, the blankets making it feel hushed and subdued underneath. Dean blinks slowly at the TV.
Knuckles white with his death grip on the net, Dean sets his jaw and huffs a frustrated breath through his nose. He’s being ridiculous. What could possibly be in the pool? What, a
“Hey, Cas,” Dean smiles and enters the bathroom, settling on the floor next to the tub.
He turns to where he saw Sam disappear between the crowds, reaching a hand behind him towards Cas as he goes so as not to lose him, too. Cas hooks a finger absently over Dean’s pinky and follows.
, he thinks, the sting registering sharply, and instinct has him scrambling to get his feet under him before he even knows he’s doing it.
“Every so often.”
By Friday evening, he doesn’t know what to do with all this pent-up restless energy. To make matters worse, it’s been raining non-stop since Thursday morning. Cas can’t go outside, obviously, and Dean’s been staying in with him to keep him company. But by Friday afternoon, he’s climbing the walls.
Dean finally lifts his eyes back to Cas’s, who to his credit does a pretty good job of hiding his disappointment. Even so, Dean’s stomach twists with guilt.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “A lot of schools in Maryland and some other close states have this thing called senior week. After a class graduates, all the seniors come down here for a week and rent places and basically just get shitfaced every night. The first week of June is the busiest.”
“Nope,” says the girl closest to him. She’s slim, with long dark hair and tan skin. “You want it?”
“Alastair,” he croaks. “Please - ”
He steels himself, swipes back and taps the one from his dad.
“For the record,” Cas says, getting himself under control again, “it takes a fair amount of concentration. So I’d prefer to not be in the rain, but in a case of emergency I could do it.”
Seconds tick by as he stares at it, lit up on the floor beside his mattress, before he comes to his senses enough to figure out what’s going on. He reaches for it.
“Eat your food,” Dean says, gesturing to Sam’s plate of green beans and chicken tenders. Dinner of champions in the Winchester household.
They sit around one of the tables outside for a while, eating and people-watching. The fries seem to wake Dean’s appetite, because he wolfs them down in record time. Jo watches him finish them out of the corner of her eye and slides her second slice of pizza towards him. He shoots her a sheepishly grateful smile and accepts it appreciatively.
“Do you want to try?”
The plants are dry, just ready to harvest, golden even with the sun creeping behind clouds. Cas walks for quite a while, until they’re nothing but surrounded, and then he stills. Looking out over the field is like looking at something far-reaching and alive, the way the breeze travels across and the whole thing sways together. Dean studies the side of Cas’s face.
“What!” Dean says indignantly. “We didn’t even bet!”
“Oh, please,” Gabriel says with a roll of his eyes, as though he’s ridiculous for asking, and it pisses Dean off.
Cas drags himself up from where he’s taking up the entire front bench. Settling in behind the steering wheel, Dean has to agree that the seats are quite comfortable. He’ll have to let Bobby know he picked good ones. A glance at Cas shows him slouched in the passenger seat, head tipped back against the headrest and face tilted towards Dean. He’s got his feet up on the dashboard, but since he’s just in his socks, Dean lets it slide.
Throughout the entire first half of the movie, it’s obvious that Dean’s the only one that appreciates the humor. He’s nearly tearing up with suppressed laughter, while Cas doesn’t even seem to be paying attention at all.
“Cas,” Dean admonishes, shaking his head. “People drive like dipshits around here. You have to use the crosswalks. If Jody had seen you do that, she woulda arrested your ass, man.”
Dean laughs out loud, but is quick to muffle it. He glances towards the motel, but there’s no movement behind the slider. “That’s not what I meant, Cas.”
,” John barks, making Dean jump and look up at him. His dad’s standing with his arms outstretched incredulously, and Dean realizes he has yet to make a move.
Weirded out by his behavior, Dean keeps a wary eye on his dad as he climbs from the car and shuts the door. John just stands there a moment, and Dean’s fingers twitch.
He wraps his arms around himself tight and counts his breaths until he falls asleep. He gets to three hundred and ninety-three.
“Get that bitchy look off your face, Sam.” Dean turns and walks away before he can see Sam’s face get bitchier. “It was my job, and I didn’t get it done.”
The Bunker stays rather crowded, tourists and regulars alike lounging by the pool and tracking sand through the lobby. Due to the high occupancy, John has Dean on call near constantly in case a renter needs something, and it gets old pretty fast. He repairs Mrs. Tran’s sink again, explains to the mom in room six that the AC does work and she just needs to smack the side of the unit when it makes that noise, and he repaints the “Please rinse sandy feet before swimming in pool” sign twice because some kid keeps ripping it down and keeping it. He’s convinced it’s the same brat that also stands soaking wet and dripping on the lobby floor to stare whenever Jo’s working behind the desk. After Dean rehangs the sign higher than he thinks the kid could reach, it stays put.
There’s a splash from his right and Dean twists just in time to see a face emerging from the water. Though he knew it was coming, and that it’s only Cas, Dean still startles when Cas breaks the surface. He jolts a little, a hand going out to steady himself on the planks of the dock, and his heart kicks up in his ears.
“Ash got it all for me. I know you guys wanted to see the ones on the beach, but I thought maybe you’d like to light some off yourselves - ”
