"It's potato soup," Castiel said, deciding that the proper French name would probably scare her off.
loves for something higher paying that wouldn't make him happy."
Castiel smiled and let Dean undress him. He didn't look away when Dean discovered the tiny, perfectly round scars of cigarette burns on his chest and stomach, the layered scars on his thighs made by his own hand in his dark teenage years. He had long ago come to terms with these things. They weren't pretty, but they didn't make him ugly either. They were only a small part of him, and they didn't define how he saw himself. He wouldn't let them. Besides, he already knew Dean wouldn't care.
At that moment, the door opened and Cas came in. He took one look at Dean, and Dean immediately knew that there would be no point in claiming to be fine.
Castiel and Dean exchanged a look.
She held out two full grocery bags. "There's bread, peanut butter, lunch meat, some fruit and cookies. It should be enough for a few days. If you run out, just text me."
She shook her head again.
Castiel opened his mouth to reassure him that it was all right, but what came out was, "I will happily accept your apology when it is delivered in person. Naked." He considered for a moment and added, "Getting down on your knees couldn't hurt."
Cas's eyes fluttered open, and Dean's breath caught in his chest when he saw the love and trust and naked, unguarded desire in those blue depths. "Hello," Cas said, his voice impossibly deep and rough from sleep.
Most people would be alarmed to come home and see a police car in their driveway. Dean just thought,
Dean rested his forehead against Castiel's, and they sat quietly for a few moments. Both of their scents were happy and content. Castiel wanted to just curl up in Dean's arms, put on a movie, and make out until their lips were sore, but they still had things to discuss.
"What about Sam?"
"Mmm. Good point." Cas's teeth grazed the back of Dean's neck, and Dean's breath came faster. And then Cas abruptly straightened up and said, "But if this morning is anything to go by, then delayed gratification is very good for our sex life."
"Fuck," Dean managed to say before he lost his tenuous hold on coherent thought and drowned in the ecstasy of making love to his mate for the first time.
Castiel had been prepared to take pleasure in his alpha's pleasure and not worry about how much attention Dean was paying to his prostate or his cock. He should have guessed that even in the throes of rut Dean would be a considerate, attentive lover. With a shameless exploitation of alpha strength he dragged Castiel up onto his knees, the omega's back pressed flush against a hard, fever hot chest. This changed the angle of the alpha's thrusts so that he was hitting the sweet spot almost every time, making Castiel gasp and moan wordlessly. At the same time a sweat damp, burning hot hand wrapped around the omega's aching cock, jacking him roughly while a calloused thumb toyed with his nipples.
Castiel closed his eyes, an indescribable feeling, not quite happy and not quite sad, filling his chest. "I'm sure. It's just… not how I imagined it. You know?"
She cheered up a little when the boxes containing her toys arrived by FedEx in the late afternoon. Castiel left her to arrange her room (formerly his guest room although it hadn't been used often) while he made dinner. He didn't have much in the way of fresh ingredients. He should take Claire with him to Chelsea Market tomorrow. She might enjoy that. But for tonight …
of letting out a warning.
"Exactly." Those piercing blue eyes bored into Sam, and he found it impossible to look away. "You love Dean. Therefore you want him to be happy, and if I make him happy, then my gender is irrelevant. To you it really is that simple. To me the very simplicity of your acceptance is …" Cas seemed to search for the right word and settled on "… miraculous. So thank you for making this so easy for us, Sam. You will never know how much that means to me."
can't have a secret relationship. I did my time in the closet, thanks, and it was hell. I won't live like that again. I can't. I'm sorry if that's a deal breaker."
Castiel nodded numbly. He supposed two years was better than never getting to see his son again.
"I'm fine," he said, snatching his hand away. "Make sure that sauce doesn't scorch." He went over to the sinks to run cold water on the burn. He could feel Dean's eyes following him, still concerned but also a little hurt now, and that made him even angrier at Naomi and at himself. And of course she chose that moment to poke her head into the kitchen and say the very last thing he wanted to hear.
Cas's eyebrows rose at that last one, and he made a mental note to buy extra Hershey's syrup the next time he went grocery shopping, but he didn't interrupt. Judging by the shade of red in Dean's cheeks, he was getting to the good part. And sure enough …
actually
"Please don't ask me that," Castiel said, his voice coming out tight and strained as he fought back tears again. "I can… I can be not okay later. Now I have to be," he trailed off.
, Dean:
Dean flinched, but he tried to keep the hurt out of his scent. He knew from many long years of experience that if he smelled too upset, John would taunt him about being 'so sensitive'. "I'm not—," he started to say, but he felt Sam's hand clamp down on his arm, and when he looked at his brother, Sam was shaking his head and mouthing,
"That was beautiful, my love," Cas said, putting his arm around Dean's shoulders.
Dean was sitting on the bed when Castiel came in, a pillow in his lap hiding his erection but not his arousal. That was still evident in his pink cheeks, dilated pupils, and not least his scent which was so thick with musk that Castiel could feel himself getting harder and wetter with every breath.
Instead he gathered some of his own slick on his fingers and reached down to circle Dean's hole, massaging the outer muscles and gently encouraging Dean to relax before he attempted to fit even one finger inside. Just because he wasn't Domming tonight didn't mean he would risk hurting Dean to satisfy his own needs a little quicker.
Dean almost choked on his soda. "Cas!"
Cas), but if she found out what he and Cas were planning, she would definitely have something to say about it. She liked Cas, but she wouldn't tolerate him breaking her best friend's heart, even unintentionally.
Cas's mouth opened in a little o of surprise, the same face he'd made when Dean first asked him out, and just like then, Dean was suddenly sure that he'd made a terrible mistake. But then a smile spread over Cas's face like a sunrise, and he said the five most beautiful words Dean had ever heard. "I love you too, Dean."
~o0o~
Castiel watched him closely. "That scene was more intense than I anticipated. How are you feeling?"
"Quick question," Sam said, his hands still moving, translating his own words now. "Did you ever put this agreement in writing?"
Dean held Castiel's uninjured hand tightly while the beta doctor set his broken wrist, and Castiel managed to only whimper a little. Fortunately it was a clean break. A couple months in a cast and it would be good as new, or so the doctor assured him. Castiel knew he should be grateful that it wasn't worse. Hell, after going up against an insane Rit Zien, he was lucky to not be dead. But he couldn't help thinking glumly that since becoming human he had spent more time sick or injured than he had healthy.
Cas knew he should be focused on Dean right now, being a good listener and a supportive husband, but he found the image of young Dean discovering his very first kink incredibly erotic. He wished it had been him instead of Rhonda Hurley who'd gotten to share that moment with Dean. He would have made sure Dean felt completely safe and free to love every second of it without shame.
"Somehow that doesn't surprise me. You're devastatingly handsome, you like kids, and you can cook. You're every single mother's dream guy."
"Yes, I don't see much of Luc in there," Castiel agreed. "For which I'm grateful."
"I understand," Cas said softly. He leaned down and kissed Dean, an added reassurance that they were okay and would continue to be okay as they navigated the challenges of incorporating another omega into their family dynamic. It wouldn't be easy for either of them, but they would figure it out. Together.
"Ornery as ever, but in a good mood. For him anyway. He's in the day room."
His orgasm broke over him in gentle waves. It seemed to go on and on for an eternity, and the final wave pulled him down into sleep.
Dean frowned. “Why would I break up with you? Because of last night? I told you, I don’t scare that easy.”
~o0o~
"Then yeah, I'm good. There's nothing I really want."
“No, I just have to wait for it to pass.”
“Yes, it was nothing serious. Just a small scratch that got infected. She’s feeling much better now. In fact, I was planning to take her to the park tomorrow, and I was wondering if you’d like to join us.”
"It's not. I told you, Dean. I want to meet your family, and a small, informal gathering like this seems like the perfect oppor—"
"I'll be careful. And Sam's here. I'll be fine." When the door had closed behind Dean and Grace, Cas looked at Sam whose puzzlement must have showed on his face. "I have an inner ear problem," he explained with only a slight trace of awkwardness. "I get vertigo and fainting spells." His mouth quirked in a wry smile. "You didn't find it odd that Grace follows me absolutely everywhere?"
"I doubt Charlie would even notice. She's neck deep in that computer and happy as a clam."
"Good. I want to make sure he's good enough for my only son."
"I know. Why do you think I do it?"
Dean smiled. "Well, if you insist on drinking leaf water, I'm damn well gonna make sure it's the best leaf water I can afford to buy for you."
Cas felt the other man stiffen in shock when he said after only a moment's thought, "Yeah. Okay."
"Dean," Cas rasped right next to his ear. "Look at me."
"Of course." Castiel helped her lever herself up off the soft mattress and made sure she was steady on her feet before he let go. He was relieved that she had accepted his offer so easily. She was a grown woman, and he was pretty sure that no one had ever stopped her from doing exactly what she wanted to do, but even so he would never have forgiven himself if she'd driven off half asleep and gotten into an accident.
"I love you," Dean murmured against Cas's lips. It was getting easier, more natural every time he said it.
"Dude," the man said, "are you … You're a genie."
"You're still in your pajamas, buddy," Dean pointed out. "How about you clean up this wrapping paper and eat a bowl of cereal or something while your dad drinks his coffee, and then we can get bundled up and play in the snow." He handed Cas the coffee with the cream in it, and sat down next to him on the couch.
in favor of conversing with said child, but Castiel really couldn't care. His attention was fixed on Jack's bright, happy face as the little alpha looked at Dean.
"I am."
"Me?! He's the one who just—" Dean broke off with a chuckle and leaned his head into Cas' hand while still breathing deeply. "I'll never get used to the way kids can do that, almost break their little necks and then run off to play like nothing happened."
Cas sat quietly on the toilet lid and let his husband fuss over him. He didn't push or tease anymore. Dean would talk if and when he was good and ready and that was all there was to it.
Her eyes widened as she chewed her first bite. "This is delicious, Castiel. Is that rosemary I can taste?"
Dean smiled. "Guess we'll have to make each one count."
It only took a dozen or so strokes before Dean was gasping and groaning into Castiel's mouth as he came too, which made Castiel feel better about his own quick orgasm.
"Always," Dean repeated without hesitation, his arms wrapping tighter around Castiel.
Then Jodi called that the food was ready and anyone who wanted to eat had better get their butt in the dining room. "That means you, Dean Winchester."
Less than a minute had passed since their lips first met, and Cas was already half hard, straining uncomfortably against his zipper. He rocked his hips experimentally, and Dean gave a strangled groan, confirming that he was in pretty much the same situation.
Cas was very quiet on the drive home, and Dean didn't try to make him talk. He did hold the omega's hand though, and Cas squeezed back in gratitude even as he stared blankly out the window at the passing buildings.
Michael made a noncommittal humming sound and sipped his drink. "And you're really willing to take another alpha's child into your home? Raise him as your own?"
"Are you sure it's safe for me to …"
"Castiel, the McLeods —"
"No." Castiel stood up. "I politely decline your offer. I would like to go home now." It didn't matter that he'd gone to sleep in a motel room. Home was his mate. Home was Dean's arms and Dean's scent wrapping around him, making him feel safe and loved.
"Sure thing," she said brightly, moving to clear away their empty plates. "Special tonight's chocolate cream pie with a scoop of house-made ice cream."
"I'm sorry. I didn't think it would be —" And that was as far as he got because he was suddenly being crushed breathless in Dean's arms. It took him a moment to realize that this was a hug. He had never been hugged before, but he'd seen humans do it enough to know what the appropriate response was. He tentatively wrapped his arms around Dean and patted his back.
It was difficult to say who initiated the kiss. They were so close together already, it just seemed like the natural thing to do. It started off sweet, tender, and almost (but not quite) chaste. Cas was cautious, letting Dean take the lead, unsure what he was in the mood for after that emotionally draining conversation. But when Dean suddenly tumbled them over into the grass, pinning Cas beneath him and kissing like he was drowning and Cas was oxygen, it took exactly zero seconds for Cas to get with the program.
Castiel sighed. So that was it. The end of their friendship. Of course they would still have to see each other at work, at least until Anna came back, but it would be awkward and tense much like it was right now, and there would be no more consultations about kid food and no more basking in the warmth of Dean's smile. Dean would go back to calling him chef instead of Cas.
“No. I grew up in Boston, but I left home at seventeen, and I’ve never been back. My family and I are not on speaking terms except for one brother who unfortunately lives in Europe. I don’t get to see him much.”
"No," Cas said flatly. "I don't much care what God thinks anymore. I just don't want …" He sighed, his shoulders slumping in defeat. "I don't want professionalism, Dean. I don't want the first person who touches me that way to be just doing their job. I want someone who knows me, who cares about me, who …" His voice dropped to a whisper. "Who loves me." A few more tears trickled silently down his cheeks. "And now the opportunity to find that has been stolen from me, and my only choices are to give my first time to a stranger or to die. It's unfair, but it is still my choice. My free will." He smiled sadly through his tears and reached out to caress Dean's cheek, but the mask was in the way, so he ended up touching Dean's temple like some strange attempt at a Vulcan mind meld. "I'm glad I got to see you again," he said. "One last time."
Relief flooded through Castiel, and he surged forward to capture Dean's lips in a clumsy, uncoordinated kiss, mumbling, "Thank you, thank you."
to call you?” Dean couldn’t resist asking.
"How's your dad?"
Dean huffed a laugh into Castiel's shoulder. "You don't have to thank me for sex, Cas."
to the alpha, and Dean would never be allowed to touch him again, not even to just put an arm around him while they watched
"It's all right," Cas said. "She seems to think you need her more than I do right now, and I agree."
"Mmmm. What was that for?" Dean whispered into the scant space between their mouths.
He wasn't scared. Oh, he was scared of doing it wrong, of hurting Cas. But the being mated part, only sleeping with one person for the rest of his life? Didn't scare him at all. Not as long as that one person was Cas.
When Cas was clean, Dean disposed of the condom and used a tissue to clean himself. Then he laid down and gathered the omega into his arms again, tugging the blankets up over them to preserve the warmth of their lovemaking. The chilly bunker made sleeping naked a bit tricky, but through trial and error they had found the exact number of blankets that would keep them comfortable but not sweltering.
"It's okay, Cas." Dean crossed the room and cradled Castiel's face between his hands, smiling fondly. "You don't have to explain. You're a parent. Worrying is in the job description, but I got this. You go cook for the staff meeting. Claire and I will be just fine."
Dean opened his mouth to apologize too, but at that moment his phone rang.
“Where’s the Sasquatch?” Dean said, standing up.
Speaking of Sam, there was a knock at the door, and his brother's voice called, "Dean? You in there?"
I trust completely. But I need to make sure we're on the same page here. When Sam is free, I will want to meet him on neutral ground, and then I will decide if I'm comfortable allowing him near Claire. I may need more than one meeting to reach a decision, and whatever that decision is, both you and he will have to respect it. Is that clear?"
Even after long months cooped up together in quarantine, they still enjoyed each other's company as much as they always had, and Cas was more convinced than ever before that they were going to last.
Castiel realized.
. He leaned across the table to give Cas a lingering kiss.
"I know. But you did it anyway. For Sam. I'm so proud of you."
"Dean," Sam said as they walked to their cars, "I'm really glad that things are going so well with this new boyfriend. I was starting to worry that you were gonna spend the rest of your life pining for Cas."
Dean considered for a moment, then decided, "None at all. At least for now. Maybe once we've, you know, gotten this out of our systems" — Translation: had sex a few times — "we can risk it. Right now we're clearly wound way too tight."
Some of the tightness in Dean's jaw relaxed, and he dropped one hand off the wheel to lay over Castiel's. "I know. I just wish…"
Dean couldn't argue with that, so he just groaned defeatedly and let his head flop back against Cas's chest.
"It wasn't all bad. I had Jimmy. We were very close back then. And Babi, our grandmother, did her best to give us a normal childhood whenever she got the chance. I think she would have fought for custody of us, but her health was poor. She had arthritis and diabetes. She couldn't keep up with two little kids on her own, and she was afraid that if she reported Mama to CPS, we'd get taken away and she'd never see us again. Which is, of course, exactly what happened when Mama died."
"He didn't know. I mean, he knew about Jess, but after the funeral I basically dropped off the face of the Earth. I stopped answering his calls. I moved without giving him my new address. He called the university office and found out that I'd quit school. At that point he didn't even know if I was alive. I put him through hell, but at the time I told myself I was protecting him. If he knew how bad things were, he'd sacrifice everything to help me. He'd spend all the money he'd saved for his restaurant on rehab for me. That's just who he is. He takes care of the people he loves. I told myself that this way at least one of us would get to live his dream, but the truth was I didn't want to be saved. I just hadn't worked up the nerve to do what Brady did, so in the meantime I was doing every stupid, reckless, self destructive thing I could think of.
Dr. Bradbury smiled reassuringly. "Does he live with you?" she asked, no judgment in her tone, just trying to get the lay of the land.
Claire was disappointed that she wouldn't get to go to the restaurant every night, and since it was the only thing she'd shown enthusiasm for in weeks, Castiel relented a little and promised she could still come with him on weekends provided she behaved for Missouri and went to bed on time every school night.
"Yeah. Maybe." Castiel rubbed a hand over his face. "I'm scared, Dean," he admitted in a small voice. "This is how it started with me."
"No, decidedly not. He took a job at a restaurant in London and left without even saying goodbye. I think he was disturbed by how infatuated I'd become, and he wanted to avoid the inevitable tears. He … wasn't a man who was at home with emotional outbursts."
He nodded.
"You weren't physically attracted to her."
"Neither did I," Castiel chuckled. His ears were still ringing, and his own voice sounded a little muffled. "I propose we stay right here for the rest of the day and see just how good it can get."
The nasal spray felt cold and tingly, and it made the back of his throat itch. The mask's straps pinched his ears, and the way his breath collected inside it quickly made the lower half of his face feel gross and damp. All in all, he was extremely uncomfortable both physically and emotionally even before Nurse Andrews turned to him outside Cas's door and said gently, "If you change your mind and decide to stay, press the red button just inside the door. No one will disturb you."
, our sex life is none of your business, nor does it have any bearing on my fitness as a parent."
Dean looked at Castiel with something like awe. "You really think we could make that work?"
"The kid's a goddamn lawyer! And an amazing one at that! Most parents would be bragging to the whole fucking nursing home about that, not pretending he didn't even exist."
Cas nodded, his stubble rubbing distractingly against Dean's neck. "I know. Let's just… get through tomorrow and then we'll decide on the next step."
Dean breathed again. “Okay. So what is it? Talk to me, babe. Please.”
Cas suddenly took one hand off Dean's hip, stuck his finger in his own mouth, and sucked it until it was glistening wet. Dean's momentary confusion was quickly dispelled as Cas wrapped his arm around Dean's waist and slipped the wet finger into the cleft of his ass, teasing his entrance. But he didn't push inside. It took Dean a minute to realize he was waiting for permission.
Castiel groggily half surfaced from sleep and automatically reached for Dean.
omega now; they weren't just dating or sleeping together or whatever) almost made Dean come right then. He rolled them onto their sides so he could take Cas's cock in hand, hoping he could get his mate to climax before he blacked out. To his surprise Cas was already soft and sticky with fresh come.
He was feeling quite proud of himself as he dished out the food. His first week of parenting had involved a lot of pizza and fries, and he'd been uncomfortably reminded of the meals his mother used to put on the table when she happened to remember that she had two children who needed to eat. But there was just so much to do, the funeral to arrange and the house to pack up and put on the market, so he'd promised himself that as soon as he was back on familiar ground, he would do better. And he had. Their first day back he had produced a wholesome, filling dinner practically out of thin air.
Dean almost choked, and once he'd recovered and swallowed, he retaliated by dabbing whipped cream on Castiel's nose and then leaning over and licking it off which had Claire in fits of giggles. Castiel was about to give Dean a whipped cream facial of his own when someone cleared their throat pointedly nearby.
"Nonsense, sugar." Missouri sat up, quickly regaining her usual brisk manner. "Little boo just needed some extra comfort tonight. It was nothing I couldn't handle. Don't you try to move her now. One night on the floor won't hurt her like it would you or me."
Castiel sighed. He'd done it again. "I'm sorry. I keep trying to pick a lighter topic, and I keep accidentally bringing up painful subjects."
"It couldn't hurt. I can give you a name if you want."
After round three, they napped for an hour, then showered together and managed one more orgasm each before admitting defeat. Now they were watching a mindless sitcom while a frozen pizza warmed up in the oven. Grace was laying at their feet, sulking because she’d been shut out of the bedroom all afternoon and now there was no space for her on the couch. Cas tried to win her forgiveness by rubbing her head with his foot which she usually liked, but she was steadfastly ignoring him, and honestly he was more worried about Dean’s mood.
“Gabriel’s in California on a business trip, so he’s offered to pick us up on his way to Boston. I know you dislike flying, but we can’t drive the distance in time, and if we have to fly, I figure a private jet is the most comfortable way to do it.”
"I take it this was your family emergency," Naomi said when he joined her.
, not even his own father. He was what people settled for when there were no better options.
"Huh. Neat trick," the man said. "Can you, um …" His eyes skated over the tattoos that wrapped around Castiel's arms and chest, words of power and protection in the ancient language of the djinn. "Could you conjure yourself up a shirt? Maybe?"
"I'm not blaming you. Anna told me you had a family emergency, and I won't ask for details. Lord knows you hardly ever take time off. All I'm saying is a decision had to be made quickly, and you weren't available to consult."
The song mentioned is "Into My Arms" by Nick Cave.
win. He couldn't even entertain the thought of losing his son for good.
"What do you mean?" Charlie said, avoiding Dean's eyes by focusing intently on the plate she was drying.
that I might like boys."
"Not just for the sex. For everything. For helping me get my son back. For being…" His heart broke a little to say it, but he knew it was the truth. "For being a good friend."
"Fair point," Dean conceded. "But couldn't you do it on the side for a while and keep your day job until you're set up?"
"Yeah. I think I almost popped a knot that time."
After such a stressful day, Castiel was expecting it to be a difficult night, but it turned out to be the easiest he'd had in a while. The McLeods didn't come in, Naomi left him alone, and he was able to settle into the familiar, almost meditative, rhythm of the kitchen and forget the hateful words that were still ringing in his ears. 'Peaceful' wasn't a word many people would use to describe a restaurant kitchen, but Castiel had always found a kind of peace there.
"And as to the former, if you're not sure what you're going to be comfortable with, we can play it by ear. How about this? From here on out, we don't sleep with other people without discussing it with each other first. If we are not both one-hundred percent comfortable, then nothing happens. No dating, no kissing, no sex without each other's
to be his dad. I just don't want to overstep. I will not be another Michael. He's
Claire peeled away the paper to reveal a book with the words
"Can we go home?" Cas said hoarsely. "I really want to be alone with you right now."
Cas was murmuring something over and over in Dean's ear. At first it sounded like just "alpha" with an occasional grunt of pleasure between the words, but then Dean realized he was saying, "My alpha. Mine, mine." Dean's hips stuttered, losing the rhythm, and he came so suddenly that it was over almost before he realized it was happening. Fortunately he had the presence of mind not to catch Cas on his knot. In this position there was no way for them to comfortably come down without Cas getting crushed.
Dean chuckled and rocked back against him. "Feels pretty good, doesn't it? The silk."
He definitely did
Dean nodded quickly. "Yeah. Of course, Cas. It's totally your call. You're … you're really not breaking up with me?"
Dean paused with a piece of bacon halfway to his mouth. "O…kay."
"Yeah. After my mom died, I didn't speak a word for almost a year. I guess I felt like that was something I could control." Dean said it casually, not like he was sharing a secret, but Castiel still felt like he'd been offered something private, a glimpse behind the mask of charm and easy humor that Dean showed the rest of the world. Before he could think of an appropriate reply, Dean said, "What about grilled cheese? I never met a kid who didn't like grilled cheese."
Claire saw the strangers approaching and quickly slid off Castiel's lap, darting to hide behind Dean's broad back as Dean and Castiel stood up. Dean chuckled and patted her shoulder reassuringly. "You're okay, kiddo. I'm sure they don't bite."
Dean had been more than a little surprised when Cas left too. Being civil to Charlie was one thing. Leaving her alone with his alpha was something else entirely. But he didn't even kiss Dean senseless before leaving, making an exaggerated show of staking his claim. He just murmured in Dean's ear too low for anyone else to hear, "I'll be in our room. Take your time," then kissed him chastely on the cheek. And damned if that wasn't hotter than any over the top display of possessiveness. Cas trusted him. The knowledge sat warm and comfortable in Dean's heart, and his inner alpha purred contentedly.
Dean's pants were getting painfully tight. "Yes, please, Omega," he said, his voice squeaking a little.
Something bright and hopeful flared up in Dean's eyes, but then it was stifled, and he said, "That's okay. I don't want to intrude."
A lot of this was nonsense to Castiel, but one thing registered. "You
"Of course it's alright," Cas said, reaching out to shake the other omega's hand. He made sure to face her fully and speak clearly but normally. "Thank you both so much for helping me. I can't tell you how much this means to me. I wish you would let me pay you."
“I said I’d pick you up, so I’m gonna pick you up,” Dean said a little waspishly. This was the fifth time Sam had reminded him, and the trip was only three days long.
"By all means," Cas said, voice hoarse and eyes dark with want.
to shut him up."
“You know you’ve already got me in bed, Cas,” Dean chuckled. “You don’t have to keep sweet talking me.”
Castiel glanced at Claire. She was busy decorating her paper placemat with the crayons the restaurant provided for that purpose, but he knew that didn't mean she wasn't listening to every word. "We can discuss it later," he said, "while we're working off the pancakes." He scraped his fingers lightly along the inseam of Dean's jeans, watching Dean's pupils dilate, but withdrawing his hand before he could get the man  unfairly worked up in a situation where they couldn't do anything about it.
Dean took his hands, lacing their fingers together. “You do realize we’re not actually making out yet.”
Dean had to drive Sam home, so Castiel got to the restaurant ahead of him. Naomi was waiting.
"Happy Everything!" Cas agreed. "We got through this year together, and we didn't kill each other or get a divorce, and
to tell me about it, I'm happy to listen, but it won't change things between us. And if you'd rather leave it in the past, that's your right." He gently lifted Dean's chin and looked him in the eye. "I don't need to know everything about you to know that I love you and I trust you. Whatever you decide, we'll be okay."
Dean let go of Cas's hand and dug in his pocket, pulling out a business card. "My number and the address of the gym is on there. Whenever you've got some free time."
"Enjoy. Let me know if you need anything."
"You don't have to get up yet, Dean," Cas said. He was pulling on the t-shirt and sweatpants he had neglected to wear to bed last night. His hair was a wild mess like it always was in the mornings, and his jaw looked deliciously scruffy.
Castiel hid his smile in Dean's shirt. "You're the best man I've ever known," he murmured.
Cas had an urge to check his brother’s fingers for buzzers or glitter glue or something, but Dean shook the offered hand with no regard for personal safety, and after only a moment his own hand was returned to him, clean and undamaged. “And you’re the infamous Gabriel,” he said with a charming smile that almost concealed his natural shyness. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
"Very well. Nevertheless your behavior was inexcusable. What if Claire had woken up and found you as I found you? Did you think of that?"
No, he couldn't do it. He would just have to tell Dean he'd changed his mind…
"I own a gym. Not a stay fit, lose weight kind of gym, although I guess the stuff I do can help with that. I teach martial arts. Karate, judo, krav maga. That kind of thing. I mostly get kids, but not exclusively. The world is a scary place these days. I had this little old lady come in yesterday, probably in her seventies." A shadow passed over Dean's face. "She was mugged outside the grocery store in broad daylight, and now she's afraid to go anywhere without her grandson with her. And he's happy to help, but he's got a job and a pregnant wife, and she feels bad taking up so much of his time. Plus she wants to be self sufficient, you know? She's in pretty good health for her age, but she feels like an invalid needing help all the time."
"So where am I going, Cas?"
~o0o~
~o0o~
"The claiming bite," Cas said quietly, and he sounded almost embarrassed.
She let him go, pointed at him, then pointed emphatically at the floor.
, and
He looked down at his own hands, curled around his half finished mug of cocoa. He tried to take comfort in the lingering warmth, but like the rest of this wonderful day, it was fading fast, soon to be gone for good. "Yes," he said quietly. "Yes, I'm gay, and yes, I find you extremely attractive. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable. Please believe me when I say that I would never have acted on my feelings without your express permission. I would have been content to have your friendship."
Dean went very still and muttered, “Jesus.”
?" he said when he had managed to safely swallow.
Two big hands settled on his hips, and a firm chest pressed against his back. "What's that?" Dean asked, looking over his shoulder at the album.
Cas tensed and pushed himself up on his good arm, peering at Dean through the darkness. His scent was confused, fearful, and too late Dean realized how that had sounded. "You don't want —" Cas started to say, his voice trembling a little.
omega, and Dean loved that about him.
"Well, I've already met most of your family, so first impressions are no longer an issue. And Sam and Jess have both been so nice to me. I'd like to celebrate their happiness."
terms?” Cas’s voice was perfectly steady, but where their shoulders touched Dean could feel him trembling. “I don’t need your permission to be here, Michael, and neither does Dean. He is as much a part of this family as your wife or Hannah’s husband or Asriel’s girlfriend. How long have they been living together out of wedlock by the way? Isn’t
She shook her head.
He shrugged as best he could in his prone position. "Not with you. I trust you." He'd had a few boyfriends who he would allow to fuck him only when hell froze over. Patience wasn't just a virtue in a top. It was a necessity. At least it was if you wanted both parties to actually enjoy the experience.
~o0o~
"Hands on your thighs. No moving them. No touching myself. Double tap for safeword," Dean recited dutifully, as he tapped the floor beside his left leg. "May I use either hand for that, Omega?"
"Fuck, yes," Dean moaned, already lifting his head toward Cas's silk covered groin and licking his lips. Cas cupped the back of Dean's neck, supporting him. They'd done this plenty of times before, and they each knew exactly how long the other one could take it before the position got uncomfortable. Cas was so on edge right now, he was going to come long before Dean's neck started to hurt.
"It is tonight. I'm still way too close thanks to your un-fucking-believable mouth. I'll last longer this way."
"I'm gonna remind you of this the next time you feel inclined to make me beg," Dean chuckled.
Cas twisted around and sat up, his tears ceasing all at once in his shock. "Dean," he said, his voice even rougher than usual. "You came."
can tell that she's hot, you know she is really smokin' hot."
The mingled scents of hearth fires and thunderstorms filled the air between them and around them. It smelled like
He felt a squeezing in his chest, an iron band tightening around his lungs, and he realized he was on the verge of a panic attack. He had to get out of there. He couldn't start hyperventilating in front of Michael. That would conclusively prove he was a weak, pathetic excuse for an alpha, and a man completely unworthy of Cas.
Dean's lips twitched with a suppressed smile.
Cas smiled faintly. “Yes, it was pretty humiliating, but in retrospect it was a necessary experience which helped me understand myself better. Dean, I flirt a lot because social situations make me anxious, and flirting helps me feel more … in control, but I don’t let it go beyond flirting unless the other person is willing to give me a certain level of commitment. I don’t do casual sex.”
Cas pulled away, but only so that he could get out of his seat, circle the table, and plop himself down in Dean's lap. Dean's momentary look of dismay vanished as Cas pressed himself up against Dean from chest to hips and joined their mouths again. Dean tasted like coffee with a faint undertone of beer from earlier in the evening, and his arms wrapped around Cas's waist, holding him in place with just the right balance of strength and gentleness.
"Everyone keeps their clothes on until the kid's asleep. I know the drill," Dean said. "You're not the first single parent I've dated."
Well, it could certainly give pie some stiff competition.
"Dean," Sam said quietly while Charlie and Kevin were distracted by a particularly fascinating bundle of wires that looked to Dean like every other bundle of wires in the room. "You need to talk to Cas."
Ever on the side of customer satisfaction, Naomi said, "Let me get you a new appetizer, sir. On the house."
Castiel wasn't sure when he started to cry. It began gently, a few silent tears trickling down his cheeks, but then the dam broke and he was sobbing, trying to muffle the noise in Dean's shirt. Dean didn't shush him, or tell him not to cry, or offer empty platitudes about how it would be okay and they would figure it out. He just held Castiel tight, his warm maple scent wrapping around the omega as surely as his strong arms, and let him get it all out. When he ran out of tears, Castiel felt spent. He was exhausted both physically and emotionally, but he also felt clearheaded.
"Of course," Dean said immediately. "I get it. It must have been pretty draining talking about all that stuff with Claire."
"Okay, then."
"I'm not." To prove it, Cas shoved Dean onto his back and straddled his hips, grinding his own erection against the already sizable lump in Dean's boxers. "I'm being selfish. Want you, Dean. Need you. Please."
"Really. Personally, I am neither firmly monogamous nor polyamorous by nature. As long as my partner or partners are happy and satisfied, so am I. So tell me what would make you happy."
Jess looked down into the depths of her tea for a moment, then said, "Do you have any advice for dealing with disapproving parents?"
Warning: Discussion of child abuse.
A huge Christmas tree glowed with lights in one corner of the living room, and a stocking with
Dean didn't seem at all surprised. "Omega instincts," he explained while he chewed the mouthful. "Gotta make sure the alpha is strong to protect your pups." He swallowed, took Castiel's hand, and gently licked his fingers clean which made Castiel's inner omega squirm with delight.
in the player, Sam asked Cas to help him make more popcorn. Since it really wasn’t a two person job, Cas knew what was coming, and he was grateful when Sam didn’t waste time with pointless small talk.
found out today that
remember, not dimly, half dream remember), and a selfish part of him never wanted it to end.
"Will do."
Dean was already awake, and he smiled at Castiel, a lazy, sleepy smile that made a bittersweet pang of emotion rise up in Castiel's chest. He was relieved to be free of pain and in control of himself again, but oh he was going to miss waking up in Dean's arms, the alpha's scent mingling with his own and making him feel safe and cared for.
"Who's there?" Castiel played along even though his cock felt like it might explode if he didn't move soon.
"Because he's been staring at the same pair of boots for the past ten minutes. Only women are that indecisive about shoes. And I think I remember seeing him at the gas station earlier too. Could be nothing. Could be something."
Cas gave his address with only the slightest hesitation, and Dean nodded and said he knew how to get there. As they pulled out onto the road, Cas glanced at the dashboard clock and discovered that barely fifteen minutes had passed since Bartholomew ditched him. It felt more like fifteen years.
"You're right. That
Castiel felt tears sting his eyes. "Always?" he asked softly.
"Oh my God, it's you," he exclaimed as though Castiel was some kind of celebrity. "You're … You're you."
He settled into a more comfortable position, tucked Cas snugly into his arms, and rocked him gently while he cried. He didn’t say anything. There was nothing to say. His own father had been a drunken, abusive asshole, and it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Dean had hated him. It had been a shock when he died, but also a relief. Sam wasn’t eighteen yet at the time, and for years Dean had been living with the fear that John would find some way to get them back, to take them away from the safe, normal life they had finally built. So Dean had no idea what Cas was going through right now, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t help. He held Cas tight and stroked his hair.
"Fine," he conceded, "but I'm back now, and until Anna actually has the baby, I don't see that I really need two sous chefs."
"Good." Castiel jotted down a note next to '
yours!" This time a growl did break through the words.
Now on with the idiots in love. Oh, yeah, I added that tag too. Can't believe I forgot it.
Cas climbed into the bed with Dean and spread himself out on top of the alpha. Just that little bit of friction against Cas' stomach was almost enough to make Dean come. He moaned and spread his legs for Cas to settle more comfortably between them. Yes, that felt right. He wanted Cas to fuck him from the other end too, but he was still just lucid enough to know that he wouldn't last through the required prep.
Dean fingering himself open in Castiel's bed, filling the room with the smoky, spicy scent of alpha arousal. Castiel's cock quickly grew heavy at the thought, and slick began to trickle from his ass only to be washed away by the water, but he didn't touch himself beyond what was necessary to get clean. He wanted to be able to take his time with Dean, give him as much pleasure as he could stand before finally allowing them both to come.
They waited some more. Suddenly they heard the crunch of feet on gravel. Coming from behind them. They both spun around, Dean's gun seeming to appear in his hand by magic, the process of drawing it happening too fast to follow. Castiel let his angel blade slide out of the rip in the lining of his hoodie where he had hidden it. It felt good in his hand, the metal solid and slightly warm from proximity to his body heat. A reminder that even without his grace or his wings, he wasn't completely powerless. He could still fight, and he had Dean. It was two against one.
It didn't. The cord had been torn cleanly in two, probably the result of a bar fight. This time Cas said it out loud albeit quietly enough not to draw attention. "Fuck." He rested his head against the wall, a wave of fatigue washing over him. He'd had two beers and a shot of whiskey, hoping the alcohol would loosen him up enough to make the conversation flow easily. It hadn't, and now he was drowsy and lightheaded and so desperately homesick that he thought he might cry.
"No, but I know." She stood on tiptoe and kissed his cheek, her enormous belly bumping his hip. "Go home, chef. I'll keep things running until you get back."
A soft snort eloquently expressed Dean's opinion of the alpha who had knocked Castiel up and then refused to take any responsibility unless Castiel agreed to mate him, which Castiel emphatically did
Cas blinked back. “No, I’m not. I’m —”
Monday afternoon found Castiel slumped on the couch, watching Julia Child reruns while flipping through old
, only you, so whatever you need from me, I’m happy to give it, even if it’s a white lie.”
"I hope I didn't overstep," Dean said quietly, keeping one eye on Claire and the pancakes while he poured Castiel a cup of coffee. "She wandered in while I was mixing up the batter, and I figured I'd keep her entertained so you could sleep a little longer."
"If I was straight, would I do this?" And Dean leaned forward and kissed Castiel full on the lips.
“You didn’t,” Dean said a little too quickly. “I get it, Cas, and I don’t want to push you into anything you’re not ready for.” He was lying about not being hurt, but the rest of it was genuine.
"He's not going for it, Cas."
Dean blushed a little deeper and said, “Cas, this is my sister Charlie. Charlie, this is Castiel Novak.”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas said, and nothing in his voice made Dean feel stupid for asking. “Are
was going to raise his sweet little boy and teach him what it really meant to be a good man.
The noise level in the restaurant was still muted, but at least people were trying not to stare. The employee who'd made the homophobic customer leave was a plump, motherly woman. Her name tag said Doris. "I am so sorry," she said sincerely.
Dean swallowed hard. "Yeah. Go ahead."
"Cas?"
Castiel smiled. He knew Dean wasn't as certain as he sounded, but the fact that they both wanted it to be true was a hopeful sign.
Dean's eyes widened. "Here?"
still
“No, it’s not. Whatever it is, it’s clearly making you unhappy, therefore it’s not stupid, and I want to know about it.”
They got in the Impala and pulled out of the parking lot. Dean didn't turn on the radio or talk, a sure sign that he still thought they might be in danger. Behind the wheel of his Baby, Dean was usually more relaxed than he was anywhere else, laughing and singing, loud and deliberately off key, playing what Sam called "the dashboard drums". Now his mouth was set in a grim line, and his eyes were fixed on the road except when they darted to the rearview mirror where a gray pickup was visible. Keeping its distance for now, but definitely following them.
The rest of the conversation wasn't very informative. Dean said, "When?" and "Holy shit," and "Yeah, of course you can." And then, after a slightly longer pause, he looked at Castiel and said, still talking to Sam, "I'll ask him."
"You don't have to go," he said, or rather blurted. "I mean …" He made a conscious effort to sound hospitable rather than clingy. "You can stay a while longer. If you want to. We could watch something a bit more adult."
His throat got painfully tight, and his eyes stung. He kissed the top of her head and let a few tears trickle out. He felt Dean reach over Claire to rub his shoulders and remembered that Dean too had lost his mother at a young age. They were all three of them orphans.
"… boy will never learn to be a proper alpha with everyone coddling him." The alpha sounded just as disgusted as he had last night when he accused Dean of letting Cas keep Dean's knot in his pocket.
It was true that Castiel hadn't had much appetite at their usual dinnertime, and it was technically part of the sous chef's job to make sure the chef took a break when he needed one. If Dean's motives were less those of a conscientious assistant and more those of a concerned boyfriend, well, the end result was the same.
going to love you.”
He was scared. Of the hoards of angry angels intent on killing him obviously, but also of the humans, of the whole confusing world full of pitfalls he had never had to worry about as an angel. Out there no one would patiently explain to him the thousand and one things he didn't understand. At best they would give him that look, the one he had become so familiar with, the one that said,
Dean couldn't help noticing the way Sam's hand lingered on his colleague's arm, or the way her summer meadow scent intensified at his touch. His first instinct was to tease his brother mercilessly, but he ruthlessly squashed it. He was here to support Cas. Plus, he knew that dating wasn't easy for guys like Sam. Too many alphas and omegas were only interested in betas for casual sex because of the 'built-in birth control'. If Sam really liked this woman and she liked him back, as appeared to be the case here, Dean would
Dean nodded, his attention fully on his Dom.
Finally Dean pulled his fingers out, added a little more lube to them, and took Castiel in hand. The contact after going untouched for so long was electric. He couldn't have controlled his reaction if he'd tried. His ass left the bed as he thrust up into Dean's slick fingers. They were hot from being deep inside Dean's body where Castiel so desperately needed to be. "Please. Oh, fuck. Please, Dean." Later he would be duly impressed that Dean had indeed made him beg and had done it with just one touch. Right now complex thoughts like that were a bit beyond him.
When it came time to clean up, Kevin of course disappeared back to his room with almost magical speed, and when Sam tried to get up to help he almost collapsed again, so Dean sent him to bed. But despite how exhausted his body was, his brain refused to shut down. He kept replaying every interaction he had witnessed between Dean and Cas in the past few hours, trying to figure out if this development in their relationship was a good thing or not. Finally he dragged his leaden limbs out of bed and went looking for his brother.
“That sounds perfect. With ice cream?”
didn’t need to hide your boyfriend from
Cas laughed humorlessly, still refusing to look at Dean. "We both know I've made more than that. This is only my latest screw up. I'm hated, hunted by my own kind, and even if I manage to evade them, even if I survive, this is what I have to look forward to. Year after year of hunger and thirst and cold and
Castiel closed the door and turned to find Dean sprawled across the entire couch, languid and golden as a drowsy lion. He had clearly watched the entire exchange, but where Castiel had expected to see smug pride, there was something else. Something much softer. "What?" Castiel asked, moving the food to the coffee table. "What's that look for?"
Castiel's knees were starting to hurt, but the pain was distant and mostly drowned out by overwhelming pleasure and powerful need. He fumbled his own cock out of his pants and began absently stroking it while he continued bobbing up and down on Dean's, but coordinating the two while also trying to keep Dean's hips still with one hand proved too complicated. He pulled off and looked up at Dean. "Fuck my mouth," he commanded hoarsely.
"You mean you'll train me?" Charlie squeaked. "I'll get to live in the Batcave, and you'll teach me to fight evil? I'll be Batgirl?!"
“Does it seem like I’m regretting this?” Dean said, and Cas had to shake his head. “Exactly, cause I’m not. I am right where I want to be, and that’s wherever you are.”
John picked up the classic car magazine and smiled for the first time. "Thanks, son."
Dean blew the air out between his lips, and Castiel steadfastly ignored the giddy rush he got from the alpha obeying him so readily.
"I've decided to make a will, and with your permission, I'd like to name you Claire's legal guardian if something were to happen to me before she turns eighteen."
He wracked his brain for his most recent memory, trying to figure out how he'd gotten here, wherever here was. He'd been on a hunt with Dean somewhere in Utah. A vampire that was for some reason only preying on omegas. Castiel had suggested using himself as bait to lure it out. Dean had rejected the idea vehemently. The ensuing argument had gotten rather heated, and then …
Dean's heart skipped a beat. "R-really? You want," Dean's breath hitched, "you want to…"
Speaking of wet, Castiel's ass was leaking like a tap, and there was no point letting good slick go to waste just because he wasn't the one getting fucked. Even though Dean had never explicitly said so, Castiel had noticed that the alpha really liked using Castiel's slick in place of artificial lube. He reached back and gathered some on his fingers before testing Dean's entrance.
When he'd caught his breath a bit, he reached over to finish Cas and found him already soft and wet with his own release. Cas grinned lazily at him and taking Dean's hand, pressed the alpha's fingers into the still warm mess on his stomach, then coaxed the fingers up to Dean's mouth.
Dean froze in the kitchen door like a deer in the headlights. “Who?”
"Hey." Dean reached out and gently tipped the omega's chin up until their eyes met. "You got no competition, sweetheart. From anyone. You're the only one I want."
for lunch."
"When I was in college," Sam started, "I met this girl. Jessica. She was …" His face got a look halfway between joy and pain. "She was perfect. Gorgeous, kind, smart, and for some bizarre reason, into me. I fell so hard and fast, and I never looked back."
"No. No, we had sex. And we agreed that we're both open to the idea of having sex again. There's a world of difference between that and a real relationship. Even
Dean sat up and kicked off the blankets. No. He was not gonna lay here making himself crazy with maybes and what ifs. He was gonna take a shower, drink some coffee, and then go over to the store and talk to Cas. That was what healthy couples did. They talked about shit. It was probably nothing anyway. Cas had probably just wanted to be nice and let Dean sleep in.
Before Cas could process this horrific turn of events, a heavy hand was shoving him onto his knees and rough fingers were grabbing his jaw, forcing his mouth open. He would have screamed then if he could, but all he could get out was a tiny whimper. He was literally paralyzed with fear. There was a clinking noise as the man fumbled one handed with his belt, and Cas used the last of his muscle control to close his eyes. Maybe if he didn't watch it wouldn't be so bad. Maybe it would be over quickly and then the man would leave him alone.
As Jack's footsteps receded up the stairs, Michael went over to the carved rosewood liquor cabinet. "What's your poison?"
“Of course I do,” Cas said, infuriatingly calm even though the evidence suggested that his own need was just as urgent. “But I want to hear you say it.” He leaned down and put his mouth right up against Dean’s ear. “Tell me what you want, Dean,” he breathed. “I’ll do anything you want, but you have to say it out loud.”
“Not at all,” Cas assured him. “I didn’t understand most of it, but I like listening to you talk. Has anyone ever told you what a beautiful voice you have?”
He moved to see Dean's face. "This morning when we were talking to Max and Aaron, you seemed a little uncomfortable. Why was that?"
"My mother was seventeen when she got pregnant with me and Jimmy," he began with no preamble, ripping off the band-aid. "We never knew who our father was. I don't know if he didn't want to be part of our lives or if she never told him about us, but his name isn't even listed on our birth certificates.
"No, you don't," he said quietly, still compulsively rubbing his leg. He really wished Dean was sitting next to him right now. He closed his eyes and imagined Dean taking his hand, squeezing it tight, and giving him a warm, one-hundred-percent-genuine-Dean smile. No charm, just love. He opened his eyes, feeling at least somewhat grounded again. "What do you recommend I do? Get her professional help?"
"Fergus sings your praises constantly," Mrs. McLeod said, laying her perfectly manicured hand on Castiel's arm and gazing coyly up at him through spiky, mascara coated lashes. "Honestly it's difficult not to get jealous. I think he'd rather eat your food than make love to me."
Face burning, Dean managed to mumble, “Fuck me on your cock. I want … want you to come inside me.”
The pancakes were good even if some of them were oddly shaped and a little burnt around the edges. Dean took Castiel's hand where it rested invitingly between their plates and stroked the back with his thumb. Castiel darted a glance at Claire, gaging her reaction. She'd accepted the idea of him having a boyfriend very easily in theory, but when it came to actually sharing his attention she might feel differently. However she was currently devouring her handiwork and seemed completely oblivious to what the adults were doing. Castiel decided to take that as a good sign.
Castiel blinked, not a magical blink this time, just a normal one. "Yes," he said. "It does. Thank you."
Dean turned, still holding Cas' hand, and winked at them. "She's not wrong," he said.
this. I missed other stuff too. I didn't just come over for sex. I —"
Dean tilted his head so that it rested against Castiel's. "I know. I don't want to hurt you either. I'm sorry if I sounded pushy. I had a really good time today, and I want to do it again soon even if the next time doesn't end with sex either. I don't want you to think I'm just spending time with you to get in your pants."
need it tonight?"
Cas stared blankly at the phone in his hand for a long time. He hadn't lied about the things that had kept him busy all week, but he had also been using the busyness as an excuse to avoid calling Dean. Not because he didn't want to. He wanted to hear Dean's voice again. Way too much.
It wasn't the three classic words, but it was much closer than he'd expected Dean to get this soon. "I feel the same," he said. "I think I started falling for you as soon as I met you, and the more I got to know you, the more I wanted to keep you forever. Even if Naomi's motives really are as altruistic as she claims, which I seriously doubt, the fact is that my heart's already a lost cause. Leaving you now would cause me more pain than it would spare me."
"Dean." Castiel waited for the other man to meet his eyes before he continued. "You made her happy. And that is no small thing these days. Shut up and take the compliment."
"That's why I got this," Dean said, pulling a bottle of Tylenol from one of the plastic bags he had set down when he rushed to Castiel's side. He also pulled out a bottle of water and made Castiel drink the whole thing even after the pills were washed down. Only then would he give Castiel the bacon cheeseburger and fries that were in the other bag.
"We are not like that. We are wise and powerful and —"
She rolled her eyes. "I know, I know. Bad idea according to the Supernatural books."
Since they were supposed to be a couple, naturally the guest room they were shown to had only one king-sized bed. When Hannah and Jack left them alone to unpack and settle in (Jack was persuaded to leave his father's side with the promise that he could 'help' mash the potatoes for dinner), Castiel looked sidelong at Dean. "I guess it's a good thing we actually do share a bed sometimes," he said in an attempt to lighten the mood, "or this would be
Dean stared at him. The innuendo was obviously deliberate, and for a moment Cas was worried that it had come off as coarse or creepy. But then Dean put a fry in his mouth, his lips pursing around it in a very sensual manner, and said with his mouth still full, “Me too.”
“Cas.” Dean sounded a little frustrated. “You told me about this on the first date, remember? It didn’t bother me then, and it still doesn’t now. What can I do to prove it to you?”
Cas shook his head fondly.
Castiel had no idea what his face looked like right now, but he knew Dean well enough to know that he'd better set his boyfriend's mind at ease about the reception of his little surprise as quickly as possible. He licked his dry lips and leaned even closer, his lips brushing the shell of Dean's ear before whispering, "Dean Winchester, are you wearing red panties? Red… lace," Dean's breath hitched as Castiel's tongue flicked his ear on the
Sam opened the door and immediately screwed his eyes shut, clapping a hand over them for good measure. "Dude! You could have told me to come back later."
Food was left in the anteroom five times a day because not only did an omega's metabolism speed up considerably during heat, but an alpha who was knotting ten or twelve times a day needed to keep his blood sugar up too. It was mostly finger food which Castiel had at first thought was to minimize the number of dishes that the clinic's no doubt busy kitchen staff had to wash. He found out the real reason when he reflexively reached out to pop a bite size beef dumpling into Dean's mouth before he'd thought about what he was doing.
He stared at her in confusion for a moment before noticing that his face was wet. Grace nuzzled him worriedly and gave Jess a reproachful look. "It's okay," he said, raising a hand to wipe away the tears. "You didn't. I'm just … happy. Really happy. It's … It's been a long time since I had a family."
“Two months, give or take.”
“Mmm. Honeybees are essential to the ecosystem. If they go extinct, humans won’t be far behind. Plus, they’re just fascinating creatures. No one tells the bee which flowers to pollinate, and yet its path is anything but random. There’s an underlying structure to nature just like one of your engines, only far more complex. It’s beyond human comprehension, and yet the bee, whose brain is smaller than the tip of a baby’s pinky finger, understands it instinctively.” He noticed a slightly glazed look in Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m boring you. I should have warned you that once you get me started on this subject, I can talk your ear off.”
"I don't know, and I can't exactly ask her."
“Yes, and it’s a bad one.”
for helping me figure out how to make a particularly irksome part flow nicely.
Dean’s house was perfect. Not too big, not too small. The furnishings were mismatched, but somehow they all seemed to belong together even if that wasn’t what their designers had intended. There was just enough mess to make it clear that people actually lived here, but it didn’t feel slobby or dirty. The whole place seemed to sigh, “
Dean's confusion cleared. "Hey, that's great. That's, like, three jobs this month alone. You're really taking off."
sex. He loved the way Cas smelled period. Sweet like honey, but also raw and wild like a thunderstorm.
“I understand, Dean,” Cas said without hesitation. “There’s no rush. And like I said, if I do anything you’re not comfortable with, tell me and I’ll stop immediately. Okay?”
Dean gave a deep groan of agreement. "Oh, I am so on board with that."
"A thing? What kind of thing?" John demanded. His smoke and whiskey scent grew sharper with suspicion, and Dean tried not to breathe the heavy scent too deeply. He vaguely remembered a time when he'd found his father's scent comforting, but for most of his life it had just turned his stomach.
After his last comment, the words were like salt in the wound, and Dean was unable to even fake a smile of his own. "Got you a year's subscription," he muttered.
“Fuck, yes. Do it. Want you inside me.”
"Neither did I. Didn't even know it was recorded." In contrast to the voice on the tape, Dean's real voice was small and soft. "Cas, I —"
The outpouring of love in the comments on the last chapter was extremely humbling. Thank you all for your kind, supportive words. They meant the world to me.
“So your parents had
"Dude! It's not a sex tape!" Sam snapped as Cas's eyebrows rose. "I'll prove it." He snatched the tape from his brother and stuck it in the VCR slot of the old TV on top of the dresser.
This chapter contains a brief reference to child abuse. Go down to the end notes if you need spoilers before you feel comfortable reading.
"Oh."
Castiel's face was burning now. He wasn't the least bit ashamed of what he and Dean were obviously planning to do as soon as they were alone, but no one wanted their grandmother to know the intimate details of their love life. "Thank you, Missouri. We'll see you tomorrow night."
"Castiel Novak," Castiel said, shaking first Max's hand, then Aaron's. "This is my boyfriend, Dean, and," he paused slightly, not wanting to get into the whole complicated story of their family dynamic, continuing with, "this is Claire."
Jack raised his hand in a shy wave. "Hello."
"Knock knock."
As he brushed past Cas, Grace made a rumbling noise deep in her throat, but Nick ignored her. He slung an arm over Michael’s shoulders and said, “Okay, here’s the deal, bro. You and I both know that I am not tactless enough to show up drunk to my own father’s funeral, but I’m a pretty good actor, and most of the people in there” — he tipped his head toward the church — “think I’m capable of anything. So either Cassie’s friend stays, or I go make an ass of myself in front of half of Boston. Your choice.”
She held up her hands, conceding the decision to him. "Very well. If you think it's necessary. Gabe, you'll draw up a list of who will wait on the private party and have it on my desk by Tuesday night."
"Not sure. Gotta find an isolated spot where no civilians will get caught in the crossfire. Do me a favor and text Sam. Don't tell him what's going on, just that we're gonna be late getting back."
Cas elected to sleep in just a pair of Dean's sweatpants rather than trying to maneuver his freshly stitched arm into a shirt, and normally Dean would have been thrilled to have all that gorgeous skin on display, but there were livid black and blue marks spreading over Cas's ribs (nothing was broken thankfully), and the sight of them was driving Dean's inner alpha — and the rest of him too if he was being honest — nuts with helpless protective rage. He wanted to kill the ones responsible, but he had already done that, and he wanted to take Cas's pain away with a touch like he had during the heat, but he
That got through to Dean, and he put Castiel down again and let himself be dragged into the bedroom. Once the door was shut and locked, Castiel leaned back against it seductively. Dean needed no more encouragement than that. He caged Castiel against the door with his body and breathed in his ear, voice low and rough with want, "Right here?"
"Because I thought you were this nice to all your friends, and I didn't want to make things uncomfortable between us. What was your excuse?"
Claire gave Castiel a questioning look.
“No, I, um …” Sam took a deep breath. Now was as good a time as any to tell him. “I’ve actually been seeing a therapist.” He plowed on before Dean could say anything. “Please don’t go all Winchester on me about this, okay? I was skeptical at first, but Jess talked me into it, and it’s actually really helping.”
Cas opened one eye. "You mean me fuck you?"
"I snuck a peek at your driver's license one day while you were in the shower."
Castiel gently cupped Dean's cheek, suddenly overwhelmed with so much love for this man. "My good Alpha," he murmured, and Dean shivered under him at the praise. "Test that binding for me."
The thought of strangers poking and prodding him made Cas shiver harder. He huddled in on himself and shook his head. "N-n-n-no," he forced out past his tense jaw muscles. "J-j-just t-t-t-take m-me home."
"You're not?" Castiel's brain was scrambling to catch up.
"You sure? Cause you don't have to. You don't owe me for Boston if that's what you're thinking."
The very last picture was obviously taken in a hospital room. Jimmy's eyes were red rimmed. He'd lost his wife less than twenty four hours ago, but he was looking at the baby cradled in his arms like he'd found something worth living for. Claire touched the picture with her fingertip, but Castiel knew she didn't need it explained that the baby was her.
Ohhh, yeah. Now they were cooking with gas. Cas hiked Dean's legs up around his waist, shoved a spare pillow under his lower back, and then practically dragged Dean onto his cock in one smooth thrust. Dean groaned, rolling his hips to help Cas along. The stretch and burn was toeing the line between pleasure and pain, but Cas had prepped him well enough that he wasn't worried about injuring himself. Dean always did it a little rougher when he wasn't subbing. It helped distract him from all those pesky insecurities about bottoming.
"Yeah, no," Dean agreed. "I don't think I could get off right now even if I was getting paid for it."
“It’s late,” Cas said. “We should both get some sleep. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
"Including your face?" That would give them away for sure. Touching someone's face was pretty much universally considered intimate, particularly between two men.
Dean bit his lip nervously, and Castiel had to make an effort to maintain eye contact and not stare at the other man's mouth. "Okay, if I'm completely off base here, just tell me and we'll say no more about it. Do you … like me?"
He blinked. "How did you know …"
As he started to come to his senses, he had a momentary disorienting sensation of falling. He clung on to Dean tighter, but then he heard a rough voice murmuring, "I've got you, babe. Just lay down, and I'll get something to clean you up." He realized that there was a soft mattress at his back now instead of the hard door, and he gratefully sank into the pillows.
"He's not rich," Jess explained in a flat voice, "and he's never going to be. I don't care obviously. In fact, I love that he would rather take lots of pro bono cases helping abuse victims and foster kids than make partner at some big name law firm. But I can't get my parents to see it that way. And lately it seems like they'll use any excuse they can find to accuse him of not treating me right. We
"Hey, hey, hey. Not like
Cas was still giving him that uncertain, searching look, and Dean just wanted to wrap the omega up in a hug and kiss those frown lines off his forehead, but they were at work. "You're sure you don't mind missing Christmas with your family?"
"Thank you," Castiel said, tucking the paper in his pocket. "Dean, I feel I owe you an apology. For last night. I was annoyed with Naomi really, but you got caught in the crossfire which you did not deserve. I'd like it if we could start over. As friends this time."
"Yeah, yeah. That's your story."
asked
"Happy to be of service," chuckled a voice right behind Castiel.
“It’s fine. You don’t have to —”
He wasn’t worried when he first woke up alone in Cas’s bed. The clock said 7:24 a.m., and he knew it was a Saturday which meant that once Grace and Claire had been fed, Cas would bring Dean coffee in bed and they would cuddle for a while, then have slow, lazy morning sex before showering together and finally getting ready to start the day. It had become a tradition. So Dean just rolled over into the warm space Cas had left behind, breathed in the faint, earthy garden scent that always clung to Cas even when he’d just showered, and dozed off again.
"We… we should talk about things," Dean said even as he mouthed at the claiming bite on Cas' neck.
Finally, after several increasingly awkward seconds, Hannah cleared her throat. "Alpha?" she said demurely, lightly touching Michael's hand. "Could we please discuss something else?" She tilted her head meaningfully in Jack's direction.
“Only the really scandalous stuff I hope,” Gabriel said with a wink, but a second later he added in a more serious tone, or at least as close to serious as Gabriel ever got, “You know you’re walking into the lion’s den here, right? Our family makes the Mansons look like the Bradys.”
"Cas? Earth to Cas."
“Please.”
pheromones as it finally sensed a willing alpha nearby. Cas's hips rolled and jerked mindlessly against the mattress, but that wasn't going to do anything for the crippling cramps that Dean knew must be like knives tearing at his insides. Dean had never helped an omega through heat before, but he knew the basics. Only knotting could take away the pain entirely although other kinds of stimulation could take the edge off for a few minutes at a time.
It was worth a try, but apparently the man wasn't
He shook his head and said the same words he had said to Dean a few months ago. "That's not what I'm afraid of." He put down the bags and sat on the edge of the bed, the memory foam yielding to him with the easy familiarity of a long time lover. In his time as a human this was the only bed he had slept peacefully in. "He was perfect, Charlie," he said quietly. "During my heat he was … He was everything I needed and wanted, and I want to do the same for him, but I don't know if I can. I'm nowhere near as experienced as him."
"He's only five," came Hannah's soft, placating voice. "He'll grow out of it once he starts school."
In that moment Sam kind of fell in love with Cas a little bit too.
Dr. Bradbury was not what Castiel expected. For one thing she wore a t-shirt with Bugs Bunny on it. "It makes the kids more comfortable," she explained when she saw his bemused look. "Business casual just screams 'judgey adult who is reporting everything I say back to my parents'." Then she added with a conspiratorial wink, "Besides, I'm the boss, so I set the dress code, and I really like this shirt."
He didn't really. It was gaudy and attention grabbing. He would have preferred something plain, something that would blend into a crowd, but the sooner he picked five shirts and three pairs of pants, the sooner they could go home. He didn't like this place with its echoing ceilings that amplified every little sound and towering shelves that blocked lines of sight, making it much too easy for someone to sneak up on them. He didn't much like the people either with their strange scents and their staring eyes.
"No. Just … I want … I want to try something new."
There was a picture of Castiel and Jimmy with their faces and hands covered in chocolate as they licked a mixing bowl. Claire giggled at that one. A picture of them unwrapping presents on Christmas morning. He didn't tell her that the presents had probably been disappointing. The picture had captured that moment of hopeful anticipation when it truly seemed like the beautiful wrapping paper could contain anything in the whole world, and maybe this was the year all their dreams came true. They looked happy because they were. For just a moment, they were.
fundamentally alter who you are, and I could never regret being mated to the man you are. But if you are at all afraid or uncertain, we don't have to do that. There are plenty of couples who never mate just like there are plenty of couples who never legally marry."
Dean's eyes lit up. "Yeah? Where do you want to go?"
, he reminded himself.
"Okay, good. Let me know immediately if that changes. I'll order food. Pizza or Thai?"
Dean knew there were people, and plenty of his coworkers were among them, who thought this was a strange career choice for an alpha. Alphas might become high school teachers or college professors, but chasing after little kids, preventing them from eating things they shouldn't, wiping their noses, and patiently cleaning up their accidents was 'an omega job'. However, Dean didn't care if they laughed behind his back. Screw them. He loved his job, he loved his kids, and since the only omega he ever wanted to mate only saw him as a friend, this was probably the closest he'd ever get to being a dad.
"Oh, Dean," Castiel murmured, pressing a tender kiss to his lover's stomach right above the red lace. "You're gorgeous. How did I get so lucky?"
"An' Dean too?"
"Oh, I was fully prepared to resort to bribery."
Jimmy had given it to him for their birthday one year, a peace offering after a big fight. Castiel had been seriously dating Bart for almost a year at the time, and he'd foolishly hoped that if he explained to Jimmy that it wasn't a casual fling, that he thought he might be in love with this man, then Jimmy would soften up and allow him to bring his boyfriend to Christmas dinner. When Jimmy flatly refused, Castiel hadn't spoken to him for months. He didn't even go to Illinois for Christmas that year. After dozens of ignored calls and emails deleted unread, a package arrived at Castiel's door in early March containing a photo album full of pictures from their childhood. Castiel hadn't even known that many pictures existed.
He made it from scratch of course and took his time, resisting the urge to check on her. On an impulse he added a swirl of caramel and a pinch of salt, only realizing after he'd done it that it was a Jimmy thing. Jimmy had been addicted to salted caramel anything. Castiel had teased him that he would eat dirt if it was salted caramel flavored. Again the memory didn't hurt as much as he'd expected, and he didn't feel the need to throw out the cocoa and start again. He poured it into two mugs, topped both with a generous amount of whipped cream, and took them back to the living room.
“Here’s the deal,” Sam said, looming over Cas in the little kitchen while the microwave hummed and the popcorn popped. “Dean is my big brother, and he has always protected me as much as he could no matter what it cost him. He says he told you about our dad, so you have an idea of what I mean by that. The thing is, Dean doesn’t realize that it goes both ways. He thinks that he’s the protector and I’m the protected, and that’s the end of it, but he’s wrong.” Sam took a step forward, and Cas just barely resisted the urge to step back. “You hurt him, you mislead him about your feelings or betray his trust in any way, and I’ll make you wish you were dead. Got it?”
Dean took the offered seat, trying his best not to show how small and cowed, and frankly inferior, he felt in the other alpha's presence. Judging by the gleam in Michael's eyes, he failed miserably.
Dean pulled him into a hug, the rotten stench of the omega's fear triggering every protective instinct he had. "Of course I will. We're in this together. I won't leave you. Not ever." It was dangerously honest, but it calmed Cas, and that was all that mattered right now.
Castiel resisted the urge to laugh because not only would Dean certainly take it the wrong way, but he was obviously concerned about the issue and Castiel would never belittle his emotions. Instead, he tossed the list and pen onto the coffee table, climbed into Dean's lap, and kissed him. Dean gave a grunt of surprise but quickly responded in kind, gripping Castiel's hips to pull him closer.
"But …" The visible half of Cas's face creased in a puzzled frown. "You're not … built for that. You don't …"
The ER staff made no attempt to remove Dean from Castiel's side. They had plenty of experience with protective alphas. Castiel noticed several of the omega nurses giving his big, handsome alpha admiring (and in one case outright covetous) looks, but with Dean nuzzling his neck, murmuring soothing words in his ear, and generally treating him like the only person in the universe, he had less than no reason to feel jealous.
Jack, however, did not look as happy as he had when he was jumping on the bed. He looked like he was struggling to hide his disappointment. It was a strangely grown-up expression, and it looked out of place on his soft, round little face. Dean looked around at the presents, all of them obviously chosen with an eye towards what would be considered appropriate for an alpha child, and his heart went out to the little boy.
"He's going to Saint Bartholomew's just like you and I did," Michael said, his tone making it clear that the alpha had decided and the matter was settled as far as he was concerned. He switched his attention back to Dean ignoring Jack and the omegas. "That's a rather unusual career choice for an alpha, isn't it?"
"It's okay, baby," Dean panted. "You come whenever you're ready. You don't have to wait for me."
"That's awful," Dean said with genuine sympathy. "I mean, to go from having the whole universe at your fingertips to being … a slave with about four inches of living space. That's … That sucks, man. I'm sorry."
There was a semi-official seating order at staff lunches. Naomi sat at one head of the table and Castiel at the other, though this had less to do with restaurant hierarchy and more to do with keeping a safe distance between them in case an argument broke out as it always did sooner or later. The seat to Castiel's immediate right was reserved for the sous chef, and everyone else sat wherever they liked. (There was always a discrete race to get the seats farther away from Naomi, but despite Castiel's own fearsome reputation, no one seemed to mind sitting at his end of the table. If Naomi had ever noticed this, she made no comment.) Today Anna happily relinquished her favored place to Dean and sat between two of the waitresses who were delighted at the opportunity to coo over the baby.
Castiel looked at the screen and realized he couldn't remember what the story was supposed to be about or the names of any of the characters. "Can we just go to bed?"
"Oh."
"Claire. That's a beautiful name. Do you like milkshakes, Claire?"
He was transferring Dean’s number from the napkin to his own phone when Pam came back. “Did he ditch you?” she said with a thunderous expression when she saw Dean’s empty seat. “Oh, I’m going to kick his pretty little ass.”
Sam's discovery had turned out to be a computer. An ancient computer that occupied an entire room in a dusty, disused corner of the bunker. It had no visible power source, but it was warm and humming with activity nevertheless. Sam was pretty sure it had triggered the lockdown when the angels fell, and he had a theory that they could hotwire it to track individual angels and maybe avoid any more surprises like the one that had nearly gotten Dean and Cas killed. But the machine was an incomprehensible mess of wires, plugs, and switches, and of course the Men of Letters had never bothered to write a user's manual for their semi-magical computer. Thus the one woman geek squad.
"If I hurt him, I'm a dead man," he finished for her. "I know."
Dean winced. “Sorry.”
"Because we're two guys, and it's kind of obvious that we're a little more than friends." Dean stared pointedly back at the woman until she looked away.
Dean was sitting on the bed, wearing nothing but his glasses, trying unsuccessfully to loop one of Castiel's neckties around his own wrists. "Son of a bitch," he muttered as the slippery silk got away from him, probably not for the first time.
"Okay, okay," Dean chuckled. "I stand corrected. The list was a great idea.
"Because I'm bored." Metatron slouched back against the cushions and pouted, his demeanor going from benevolent parent to sulky toddler in a moment. "I thought having Heaven all to myself would be fun. The only kid on the playground, no line for the slide. But I forgot the most important part of any story. Conflict. And yeah, I know it's a bit of a retcon, and it undoes your whole arc, but just work with me for a second." He leaned forward again, a manic, not entirely sane gleam in his eyes. "You recover your grace, rally the angels against me. Big epic showdown. Obviously we'll edit out all this meta stuff. I can't set up my own antagonist. That's stupid. And we'll have to find a way to make the angels like you again, but we'll hash out the details later. Right now we're just brainstorming. What do you think?"
could have happened. I could have been …" He shivered, and Cas held him as tight as was possible without hurting him.
Dean's brow furrowed right where Castiel's lips had touched it.
"Yeah, he's told me."
Dean made a frustrated huffing sound. "I'm not sure
"I told Sam about you," Dean said out of the blue. "Not your name or anything, but I told him I was seeing someone and it was serious."
, which he had found via Google so that was a little stalkerish already.
"You did, and you'll remember why as soon as you've had a minute to get the blood flowing in the right direction again." Dean pressed a chaste kiss to Castiel's temple and stroked his hair. "I want you like crazy, Cas, but I also want you to still like me after."
, and I don't want to pressure you into saying it if it's too soon, but … She got inside my head. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. You deserve better. You've never given me any reason to distrust you, and I have no right to ask —"
“Yeah. You’re having that now?”
"Hola, bitches. Your queen is here."
"Pretty good," Castiel finished for him. He had never considered that. His mind raced through the list of everyone he knew and trusted. Of course Missouri was the first one who sprang to mind, but she was older. If her health suddenly started going downhill, Claire could end up in foster care anyway.
Dean didn’t bother to offer his hand or even say anything. He knew it would be ignored.
Dean kissed him. Not a quick kiss, but a deep, thorough expression of joy, gratitude, and love.
"So when Sam first introduced me to Jess, my first thought was, 'Holy hell, this girl is so far out of my brother's league.' And I'm gay, so if
"We were running out of time. Anna could pop any day now, and then you suddenly disappear with no warning."
"After … after my mother died, after Jimmy and I went into foster care, I started getting into trouble at school. Then, when I realized I was only making life harder for myself, I tried other things. Things that didn't draw attention."
Cas almost choked on the first bite of his fish and had to take a hasty gulp of water. "I'll hold you to that," he said darkly once he caught his breath.
When they pulled up outside his building, the absolute last thing Castiel wanted to do was get out of the car and watch Dean drive away. Clearly thinking along the same lines, Dean said, "So that two dates thing you mentioned. Is that really a rule for you?"
"Careful. Your ice cream is about to drip on your shirt," Cas said with a smirk.
before they were allowed to be a family again?
“Oh, I’m pretty sure I would have noticed you.”
Castiel had privately hoped that as soon as it was just him and Claire back home, she would magically feel safe enough to open up and explain what had happened. That fantasy was quickly dashed. She still declined to write anything down, and his attempt at twenty questions was met with a stony stare, not even a nod or a head shake to point him in the right direction. Not wanting her to feel hounded or think he was mad at her for not being able to just talk, he finally let it go and sent her off to play until dinner time.
He smiled. "I haven't believed in God for a very long time, but I take your meaning, and I'll try to remember."
"No. I was teasing on the phone." Castiel shifted the leg that was slung over Dean's hip so Dean could go a little deeper. "I was fine until today, and I want you to spend time with your brother and whoever else you want to spend time with. I know I'm not the only person in your life."
“He told me some stuff about himself. Stuff you don’t tell someone you’re not serious about. And I wanted him to know that I was serious too, and that I got it, you know? That my life wasn’t perfect either.”
Castiel laughed. "I wish you could, but tomorrow's Friday."
To his relief Dean changed the subject. "Do you like pizza?"
~o0o~
sounded presumptuous at this stage so he went with, "Involved."
"No, nothing special. My brother was gonna come visit, but he, um … He can't make it, so I'll probably just cook something for myself and have a
Despite the tension still hanging heavy in the air and the anger burning like a coal in his chest, Castiel managed a real smile when Jack turned on the puppy eyes and Dean promised to build a snowman with them tomorrow.
"It seems so." As Castiel stretched languidly, he caught a whiff of his own armpit and wrinkled his nose. "I need a shower."
"Hey, Dad," Dean said brightly, clapping John on the shoulder.
smug as Robyn directed a now slightly disappointed smile at him. He gave the menu one last glance, mentally said
"Hey, I, uh… I got you something," Sam said, digging in his pocket.
“Already asked her,” he said. “She’s planning on moving in with Jo when her lease is up next month. Sounds like they’re getting pretty serious.”
Dean laughed. "Happy Everything?" he suggested.
"Oh." Castiel did his best to keep the sinking disappointment out of his scent, but he clearly failed dismally because Dean immediately reached out to gather him up, the list falling forgotten between the sofa cushions.
son. Obviously, whether or not calls you Dad too will be up to him, but," he raised his head, "as far as I'm concerned, you would be his father just as much as I am. If you want to be."
"Hey," said a gruff voice from the doorway. "Hands off my man."
The living room was a scene of carnage, scraps of bright red wrapping paper strewn everywhere like blood spatter, and in the center of it all Jack sat surrounded by new toys still in their packaging. There was a GI Joe action figure, a Lego set with a picture of a battleship on the box, a remote control fighter plane, and the crowning glory, a motorized tricycle designed to look like a Harley Davidson. More goodies spilled out of his stocking which had been taken down from the mantle — matchbox cars, little green army men, and those pellets that you soaked in water and they turned into dinosaur shaped sponges.
Castiel looked into those green eyes and saw absolute honesty, and he suddenly felt warm for a very different reason. He put his arms around Dean's neck and drew the man into a kiss. There was no teasing this time, and if Dean had been a good kisser before, it was nothing compared to the way he kissed when he wasn't holding back.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"Okay," Dean said at last, his voice trembling just a little. "You can look."
Castiel grabbed his phone off the nightstand to place the order.
"Glad to hear it," Dean said, laying a light kiss behind his ear. "Sleep now, omega." He couldn't resist adding with a smirk, "I'll watch over you."
"What is going on here?" Castiel's voice cut through the noise like a sharp knife through tender meat. Everyone turned to look at him. The music played on, seeming louder in the sudden silence. At least his staff had the grace to look guilty. The stranger did not.
Michael laughed, a soft, sarcastic, pitying sound. "Please, Dean. Don't pretend you care about Jack. This is about Castiel. Anyone can see he's got your knot in his pocket. He probably told you he wouldn't go through with the mating unless you adopt Jack. Am I right?"
"Well, I certainly won't say no to that." He kissed Dean again. It was meant to be a quick peck, but once he started, it was difficult to stop.
"Well, I've got a gun and you've got your angel blade. No matter what he is, one of those will work." Dean took a step back, and Castiel had to quell another surge of bitter disappointment. Dean retrieved the clothes Castiel had picked, leaving the cart where it was, and then he held up the snow leopard t-shirt and gave Castiel a skeptical look. "You sure about this  one? Doesn't really seem like your style."
“I am perfectly reasonable. Give me one good
He realized he was staring blankly at a black t-shirt with a picture of a snow leopard on it, his scent getting more and more distressed as his thoughts spiraled out of control. "No, that's not … I like this one," he said, adding it to the small pile in their cart.
"Hold that thought," Dean said, and he climbed off the bed and almost ran across the room to press the red button. When he turned back around, Cas had already shed his sweat soaked shirt and was struggling out of his pants, no trace of shyness. While Dean hurried to catch up, the omega flipped ungracefully onto his stomach, exposing his wet, dilated entrance to Dean. Dean swallowed, his cock throbbing in his jeans.
"Hey. No, it's not." Dean's hand squeezed the back of Castiel's neck. The alpha had never before exerted any of his powers of control over his omega. He never spoke with alpha voice or anything close to it, and he never pinched or bit the pressure point on Castiel's neck that would make the omega go limp and pliant. And he wasn't doing that now. He massaged the spot just firmly enough that Castiel felt his muscles loosen and relax instinctively, but not hard enough to make his brain relinquish control of his body, surrendering to his alpha whether he wanted to or not. Dean's voice too was insistent but soft, willing Castiel to listen but not forcing him to. "This is on Metatron, not you. Do you hear me?"
"Thank you, Jack," Castiel said, pointedly ignoring the second comment. "Tell your aunt we'll be down in a minute." Jack ran back downstairs, and Castiel turned as the scent of embarrassment rose in the air to see Dean flushed bright red. He reached out to hold Dean's hand, stroking lightly while Dean regained his calm. When Dean's scent had settled and he was once again composed, they headed to join Castiel's family.
HAPPY ENDING TAG, REMEMBER?!
"Well, you'll have to ask Dean."
Dean held up his hands. "Look, you can try to pay him, but knowing him, if he does take your money, he'll just donate it to some charity for homeless kids or something. You might as well skip the middle man and donate the money yourself."
"Oh, I remember it. Hell, I jumped off the roof of the shed when I was eight and barely got a scratch. Didn't understand why my dad was so mad about it. Now I get it."
And he highly doubted that any alpha chosen by Michael would appreciate or accommodate Cas' particular preferences in the bedroom. No, they would want him to meekly present for them every night or else lie docilely on his back like a dog showing its belly. Cas would spend the rest of his life miserable and unsatisfied, but he'd endure it. For Jack he would do anything.
He opened his eyes reluctantly. Sleep seemed like a much better idea than waking right now. He wished he could say that it took him a minute to remember where he was and what had happened, but he wasn't granted even one blessed minute of ignorance. His stomach roiled uncomfortably as he recalled the pressure of hands forcing him onto his knees and the humiliating, paralyzing terror that had made him just take it, not even trying to fight back. He pushed open the car door just in time and vomited into the gutter. The smell reminded him of the drunk man which made him heave again, but his stomach was empty now so he just gagged on bile.
"I—" Cas clutched at Dean's shirt as though afraid he might vanish. "On the one hand, I've wanted you for my mate since before Jack was born, but on the other, I don't think we should rush into anything. If this is going to work, and I want so badly for this to work, Dean… there are things we need to talk about first."
Dean looked up, warily hopeful. "Really?"
Dean rolled over and snuggled into Castiel's chest, his fingers absently tracing the tattoos that he had become intimately familiar with last night. "You know, there's something I never asked you."
“Sam, stop right there.”
Castiel's heart stuttered. There it was. Dean didn't want to be around him anymore. It was too awkward, or Dean was just tired of his company. After everything their friendship had survived, that this was what broke them was so … unfair. Tired and overwrought as he was, Castiel couldn't keep the hurt out of his scent or suppress the tears that stung his eyes. Damn human hormones.
Castiel couldn't help tensing up a little. The alpha he was desperately in love with offering to claim him while they were laying in bed together, sweaty and satisfied and covered in each other's scent? Yeah, no amount of logic would convince his inner omega that that was just Dean being a good friend.
Cas realized that Dean was still holding all his packages. Not that the weight seemed to be bothering his big, strong boyfriend at all. Cas took a second to admire the way Dean's tattoos moved as the muscles rippled beneath, the birds and flowers almost seeming to come alive. Then he said, "In the studio please."
Castiel woke an indeterminable amount of time later, disoriented and alone. "Dean?" he called. There was no answer. Fighting down panic, Castiel fumbled for his phone, momentarily forgetting about his broken wrist. He remembered abruptly and painfully as his cast collided with the corner of the bedside table.
"Is it about Jess?" Sam pressed when Dean was silent for too long. "You two have always gotten along really well. Is it this thing with her parents? You're afraid that I'll get caught in the crossfire?"
"It's a recent development," Castiel said, "but yes, we're dating."
“Nice to meet you, Dean Winchester.” A shiver went down Dean’s spine at the sound of his name spoken in that gravelly voice. He wanted to hear that again … and again and again and … “I’m Castiel Novak, but most people call me Cas.”
"No, I don't need a minute. Fuck. Move. Please move."
"Well, that's friggin' adorable," Dean said from behind him, and that pretty much summed it up. Castiel let out the breath he had been holding and relaxed into Dean as they both took in the room. A blanket fort had been constructed in the middle of the room with two dining room chairs for support. Inside it, Claire was fast asleep with all her stuffed animals, including her beloved cat which was doing double duty as a pillow. Missouri was passed out in Claire's bed, snoring softly.
"It's okay, baby," Dean said, rubbing Cas's thigh. "You can tell me." He leaned in closer and whispered in Cas's ear. "I'll do whatever you want, but you have to say it out loud."
Part of him did want to, but ever since he was a child he'd had this vague superstition that putting nightmares into words made them more real, gave them the power to reach into the waking world and hurt him. He knew it wasn't rational or healthy, but he couldn't get past it. So instead of answering, he kissed Dean.
"What's wrong?" Cas asked as soon as Dean hung up. "What did Michael say to you?"
~o0o~
And then it finally clicked in Dean's head, and he groaned. "Oh, God. I'm an idiot."
! We can build the most humongoustest snowman!"
"Okay," he said with a smile. At least he'd gotten one thing right tonight. "Try to sleep now. I'll be right here if you have any more bad dreams."
He squeaked in surprise as Castiel bit him sharply on the hip, and Castiel felt the lace beneath his cheek twitch as Dean's cock jumped. "You love it," he purred smugly and gently soothed the bite with his tongue.
She smiled and nodded an enthusiastic yes. Then, to Castiel's delight, she made the signs for 'eat' and 'please' that she'd just learned.
“So we’re in agreement. From here on out, we are an exclusive couple until one of us says otherwise.”
"You wanna see the ormanent I made in playgroup?" asked Jack who had trailed after the two adult alphas like a puppy.
"Mmm. Okay."
As though reading his mind, Dean mumbled, "Gon' fall sleep inna min't."
"For being you," Dean said with a dopey smile of his own. "Don't ever change."
"Hmm," Cas said thoughtfully. "I'll keep that in mind, but I doubt it would work right now." From anyone else that would have sounded dryly ironic, but Cas was just stating a fact.
He could hear the rising panic in his own voice, so it was no surprise when Dean took one hand off the wheel and laced their fingers together, squeezing reassuringly. "Hey, hey, hey. You're not going to. Nobody's losing anybody. Even if you and Sam don't get along, I can still spend time with both of you, just not together. That's what you would have had to do with me and Jimmy, right? We'll make it work."
Cas just shook his head right back and leaned down to capture Dean's lips in a soft, warm kiss. Dean hummed happily, his hands reaching out of their own volition to caress Cas' hips, drawing the omega closer. Cas planted one knee on the edge of the bed for balance and tipped Dean's head back so he could plunder the alpha's mouth properly.
"Don't get used to it," the omega warned before turning face down again, exposing his vulnerable neck to the alpha.
Castiel could already tell that this story did not end with 'happily ever after'.
Castiel looked up from a quiet conversation with Dean about which movie they should go see Monday night. "What?"
Castiel looked at him steadily, trying to decide if he was sucking up, but there was only sincerity there. Castiel rewarded it with a truth of his own. "You're an important part of Dean's life, and Dean is an important part of mine. Whether we can all be part of each other's lives remains to be seen, but I owe it to him to at least try. I want to be perfectly clear on one thing though. Even if I decide to trust you, that trust can still be broken. If I ever feel you're a danger to my daughter in any way, it's over. There will be no second chances." He didn't insult Sam's intelligence by asking if he understood.
I'm hoping you all are enjoying this Christmas world TCU has been writing for you! *glances at her calendar* I want to apologize to everyone for the long waits in between updates. It has taken far longer than the original planned timeline to release this. I am completely to blame for this. *hangs head* Due to some medical issues compounded by the quarantine, I had to pause editing for everyone because I wasn't able to give works their due, and TCU patiently waited for me to get better to tackle this project. This chapter was a lot of fun to 'beat into submission' (yes, I saw that!), so get comfy and enjoy!
Castiel's heart dropped into his stomach. Perhaps Dean didn't mean this the way it sounded either. It was a slim hope, but he clung to it. "You mean as a friend?"
Cas looked up at his husband, grinning from ear to ear, his smarting backside now the farthest thing from his mind. "I certainly hope so because this" — he looked from Dean to the red silk panties and back to Dean — "is a story I definitely want to hear."
Dean jumped at the sound of that gravelly voice. Cas was standing in the doorway of the kitchen, somehow managing to look just as hot in scrubs with little bumblebees all over them as he looked in everything else (or nothing at all). He had originally applied for the school nurse job because Dean was able to put in a good word for him, and because it would provide a steady paycheck and health insurance, both prerequisites of proving to Michael that he was a fit parent for Jack. But it turned out that he liked working with kids just as much as Dean did, which ended up being a bonus.
The computer, with such perversely bad timing that it could only be deliberate in Dean’s opinion, chimed cheerfully to let him know it had the requested information. A blue 2013 Prius belonging to one Castiel Novak was sitting in the finished lot out back.
"Mmm. I'm good," Cas mumbled. "Felt really good."
Dean nodded and squeezed Castiel's leg under the table, his hand a reassuring touch more than a sensual one.
. A few sticky moments aside, this was unquestionably the most fun he'd ever had on a first date. And even the sticky moments had played a part in the overall success of the afternoon. They'd actually gotten to know each other on more than just a superficial level.
"Mmhmm. Green lace embroidered with red rosebuds and a large red rose on each hip. You're going to look so pretty in them. I'll wrap the ropes around your torso to make a matching harness." Castiel traced the shape of it with his fingers as he spoke, imagining how the intricate braid of the ropes would crisscross Dean's chest, ribs, and stomach, how they would move with his every breath, how they would strain as he writhed with pleasure under Castiel. "And I'll finish it all off with a pretty bow around your pretty neck."
"I still don't understand why you find it so amusing. Shouldn't you be jealous?"
"Fuck, I love you," Dean said when he could speak again.
"Yes," Castiel chuckled. "That would probably be a good idea." He glanced sideways at the frozen movie. "What are the odds that we'll make it through another hour without having sex on the couch?"
Castiel tensed. "I … don't. I know that's probably not healthy, and I don't want her to forget him, but …" He rubbed a hand over his face and sighed. "I'm not sure anything I could tell her would make her feel better. My brother and I weren't close. We spent time in foster care, not always in the same home, and as we got older we just drifted farther and farther apart. And after I came out, it got worse. He couldn't understand it, didn't
Dean took a condom from the open box on the bedside table and rolled it on just in case he wasn't in a frame of mind to remember later. Then he joined Cas on the bed, but he didn't settle on top of him just yet. Once he was inside his omega, the rut instincts would take over, and he wouldn't have the control to make sure he didn't do more damage than necessary.
"March eighth," Castiel said, but a dark cloud had suddenly intruded on his sex high, and he felt a lump rise in his throat. "I'm not sure I want to celebrate it this year though."
~o0o~
He followed the man back through the bar where it seemed that no one had noticed a thing. Maybe this kind of thing happened every Friday night, Cas thought bitterly. To his relief he saw no sign of his attacker either in the bar or the parking lot.
"I'm sensing a but."
"It's okay," Dean said, quickly returning his attention to Cas's face. "Not your fault."
He opened his mouth but found himself unable to actually say the words,
When they finished eating, Cas insisted on doing the dishes. When Dean protested that he'd had a hard day and should rest, Cas shut him up with a thorough kiss, then murmured in his ear, "How about while I'm cleaning up here, you start moving your stuff into my room? You may reorganize my drawers as much as you need to make space."
They had been wandering around the men's clothing section of Target for half an hour and had only found two shirts that met with Castiel's grudging approval. Dean insisted that he needed at least five and three pairs of pants. Castiel would have happily continued to wear Dean's clothes. They were soft on his skin, worn in by years of use, and Dean's scent permeated the fabric so thoroughly that the laundry could never completely wash it out. But Dean felt it was important for Castiel to have his own stuff. Stuff that fit him properly and didn't make him smell like … well, like he belonged to Dean.
He desperately wanted to believe it. They both looked genuinely horrified by what he was implying, and logically he doubted Claire would be sleeping peacefully if she had recently been … Especially if the person who'd done it was still in the house. Either way he wasn't going to become any more certain by interrogating them until dawn.
." The noises on the other side of the door were getting progressively louder with every passing second.
"No," Cas said, though Dean's brave attempt at tact made him smile. "It isn't. It's as boring as it sounds, and I only took the job to get some experience with managing a business. And because "marketing director" looks good on a resume. What I really wanted to do was event photography. Weddings and babies and families. I wanted to capture the happiest moments of people's lives so they could look back on them when things got tough."
"It's all right, omega," Dean murmured. "I got you." He entered Cas in one smooth thrust, making sure to tag his prostate on the way in and give him a jolt of pleasure to distract from the pain.
had to remind me. God, he must have thought I was a total idiot, but somehow I got up the nerve to ask him out before he left, and for some reason he said yes, and … Well, that was about two weeks ago.” Dean trailed off, a smile still on his face.
Castiel ignored this. "Naomi wants to go over the menu before opening."
Dean nodded.
raising Claire
It wasn't a sex tape. In hindsight Sam almost wished it had been. It was a video of his eighteenth birthday party. They spent an enjoyable fifteen minutes pointing out who was who for Cas's benefit and laughing at Charlie's wildlife-documentary-style narration. At one point the camera had been left on the kitchen counter for a while, and they were staring at an empty room. Sam was trying to convince the temperamental remote to fast forward when there were voices from off screen. He instantly recognized the warm baritone with the Southern accent, smooth as good whiskey, and he felt Dean stiffen beside him.
sure. I can't see the future, Cas. I'm not psychic. But you want to know what I
It was out.
“No,” Cas said immediately. He twisted around and buried his face in Dean’s shoulder as though to prove it. “No,” he repeated, a little muffled. “We’re fine.”
Dean was in control this time. He undressed Cas and pressed him down into the tangled blankets, slowly sucked him to full hardness, then straddled his hips and rode him in a gentle rocking motion while holding his hands above his head.
Cas nodded approvingly. He wondered why that hadn't occurred to him. Bite the guy's dick as soon as it was in his mouth.
"No, Dean," Cas cut him off. "I mean what if … What if I don't want you to stop next time?"
"Fuck, that's hot." Only when Cas's smile turned into a smirk did Dean realize he had said that out loud.
In the first round they actually skipped the dice and started with Charlie’s choice — an old fantasy movie called
"Will you stay?" Cas whispered, laying his head on Dean's chest right over his heart. "Will you be here when I wake up?" There was something almost childish in the question, as though he was afraid that Dean was a dream and would cease to exist come the daylight.
Every trace of self consciousness was gone from Dean. He was looking at Cas with the same shameless, unrestrained desire that Cas had seen in those beautiful eyes the very first time they made love and every one of the countless times since. And there was something extra this time. A soul deep relief and gratitude that they could share this too. In that moment Cas resolved that Dean's pantie collection was never going back into that shoe box. It would go in their underwear drawer, neatly folded as befitted such beautiful things, and he would add to it on every anniversary and Valentine's Day and just whenever he saw something that made him think of Dean.
of Cas fucking him, tattooed biceps flexing as he pulled Dean down on his cock again and again. The way that those black feathers moved as Cas moved, Dean could easily imagine the ink wings coming alive, lifting from Cas' shoulders and spreading out behind him. Castiel, an avenging angel with flashing blue lightning eyes. It was definitely sacrilegious how hot Dean found that image.
The snow showed no sign of slowing as the day went on. Instead, it fell thicker and faster, and the temperature dipped so low that both Cas and Hannah agreed that even bundled up, it was no longer safe for Jack to play outside. Instead, Cas spread newspapers on the dining room table, and Hannah got some blank printer paper and one of Michael's old shirts to serve as a smock so Jack could try out his new paints. The little alpha spent the next several hours happily creating masterpiece after masterpiece, his other new toys sitting neglected, still in their packaging. Even when Hannah said he could ride his new tricycle in the house if he wanted, he merely shook his head distractedly and said, "No, thank you", not even looking up from his painting.
Naomi didn't need to call for their attention. She always had it like the cat has the attention of the mouse. She began speaking and everyone else fell silent. "Before we begin, I have a short announcement to make. I'm sorry to say that Anna will not be returning at the end of this month as we expected. She has found her calling elsewhere, and I'm sure you'll all join me in wishing her well. Fortunately Dean has agreed to stay on permanently in the position of sous chef, so this should cause no disruption, and our service will remain up to the high standard our customers have come to expect."
"Yeah, but we're talking about you right now. You can tell me how awesome I am later."
"Great. I'm Dean. Come on in the kitchen. Tea's almost ready. You hungry? I'm not much of a cook, but I think I've got some hummus in the fridge, and I know there are crackers around here somewhere."
The hot water helped calm him, and Cas had a really awesome shower, so it was almost noon by the time he dried off and put on jeans and a clean t-shirt. He kept a few changes of clothes at Cas’s place now since he slept there at least twice a week (usually more), and Ash and Andy teased him mercilessly if he showed up to work in the same clothes he’d been wearing the day before.
When Sam took a break from cleaning and went in search of food, he found Grace laying in the hall outside Dean's door. "Did they mean to lock you out?" he wondered aloud.
get the blue next! I asked first!"
Dean held him tighter, and Castiel burrowed into his shoulder, muffling the words a little as though that would make the memory any less painful. "She overdosed on sleeping pills. It was ruled an accident since there was no note, but I've always wondered if maybe she did it on purpose."
Dean smiled sheepishly. "Well, when you put it like that."
. The assholes who'd painted 'WHORE' and 'OMEGA SLUT' on both his car and the door of his dorm room didn't care about his reasonings though. And then there was Dean, who sat next to him and talked to him like a person, like he was just another guy.
Dean grinned, poured some lube onto his hand, and reached behind himself.
“He’s smart enough to keep the details to himself. They think he makes obscure art films. They also don’t know that he’s bisexual, or that he married his wife in a Hindu ceremony. Gabriel is a much better liar than me.”
“Fuck. Holy fucking shit. Cas!”
They settled into a comfortable routine. Castiel cooked dinner and Dean washed the dishes. Then they would watch a movie or read together on the couch until Dean started yawning and headed off to bed. One night Dean fell asleep with his head on Castiel's shoulder. When he woke up and Castiel was still there, he blushed and stammered an apology. Castiel assured him that it was quite all right, and after that they sat a little closer together, let their hands brush casually across the dinner table, but they didn't talk about what was happening between them. Perhaps they were both afraid to examine it too closely in case it turned out to be a mirage.
He planted a kiss on Castiel's forehead, and Castiel leaned into his chest, allowing himself one more moment of selfish indulgence.
They kissed for what felt like an eternity, letting the heat build slowly, but finally Dean pushed himself up on his hands and looked down at Castiel with dark, lustful eyes. "Can I …" His voice was rough, and it vibrated through Castiel where their chests were pressed together. "Cas, can I take you to bed?"
"Hmmm. You like the sound of that?" Castiel murmured, lifting Dean's hands over his head and beginning to bind them with the necktie, keeping his movements deliberately slow so that Dean could savor the feeling of the silk gliding over his skin.
So Castiel was doing his best not to push, but it made it very difficult to bond with her when anything other than simple yes or no questions got only a blank look in reply. He hadn't seen her in almost a year. Even without the trauma of losing her father, she would be a different person now with different interests and probably a new favorite color.
“I was about to say the same to you,” Cas chuckled. “How is it we’ve never been here at the same time?”
Cas chuckled as his husband predictably lit up at her words. "Actually, forget the menu. We'll just take two pieces of pie."
Dean preened at the praise. He placed his hands very deliberately on Cas' thighs. It was a form of binding really, but more indulgent than ropes, allowing him to touch Cas even as it restricted him from alleviating the increasingly uncomfortable situation in his pants.
The weeks blurred into one another, and before Dean knew it, he had been with Cas for more than two months. There was no longer any doubt in his mind that he was really in love. Maybe for the first time in his life.
He and Dean had barely touched each other in the past couple days and hadn't scented each other at all until that impulsive moment in Michael and Hannah's guest room when Castiel hadn't been able to hold back anymore. His eyes widened as he realized he'd been so busy trying to hide his feelings from Dean, so terrified that Dean would somehow read in his scent how much he wanted this to be real, that it hadn't occurred to him how neglected his inner omega would feel without any intimate physical contact with the alpha it believed had claimed it. If he wasn't more careful, he'd bring on that pining sickness even faster than he'd feared, and that would be really difficult to explain to Michael. He could ruin their whole plan if he didn't get his act together.
~o0o~
"You understand this is completely against the rules," Nurse Andrews said, fixing Dean with a calculating stare. "We're only supposed to allow mates and beta relatives inside, but …" She twisted her hands, and Dean knew that if she hadn't been a beta she would have smelled desperate. "I don't know what else to do. He refuses to see a companion. He won't even use the toys we provided. We've given him as many hormone suppressants as we safely can. They're not working. I've never seen such an intense heat. The doctor says if he doesn't get some relief soon, he'll probably die, or at least sustain permanent organ damage."
Very few people even had his work number, but the voice on the other end of the call was a stranger's. "Is this Castiel Novak?"
Dean’s eyes followed the piece of potato all the way from the plate to Cas’s mouth. He didn’t complain. “Honeybees?” he said.
here. He has friends. He has a place waiting for him at Saint Bart's. But you want to take him away from the only home he's ever known, and for what? Your own selfish pride?!"
"I promise."
Castiel took his hand away from Dean's mouth and stroked it down his sternum. "And let it out."
"I saw that," Dean said.
There were suddenly several different kinds of pain in various parts of his body, and he couldn't separate one from another to tell how badly he was injured. He somehow managed to roll on top of his opponent, literally gaining the upper hand, and before he could think about what he was doing, he sank his angel blade into the soft, yielding flesh of the man's belly.  The man made no sound although his mouth opened in a pantomime of a scream as the angel inside him flared bright and died.
“So how was your week?” Cas asked. “Get any interesting puzzles to work on?”
They were made for a man. Even with Dean almost fully hard, they cradled his cock and balls comfortably. The cut of them was deliberately designed to not just accommodate, but to complement and accentuate the shape and size of an erection. Whoever had designed them was a true artist who knew how to balance functionality and beauty without sacrificing either.
"Right on schedule. 'Come hell or high water' were Sam's exact words."
"It's okay," Dean said with a reassuring smile. "At least you didn't do it in the car. Come on. Let's get you inside."
was implied both by the matching rings on their hands and the love and trust in Dean's eyes.
"So are you gonna fuck me or what?" he said, nibbling teasingly on Cas' lower lip.
"You can ask," Castiel said noncommittally.
Naomi was on the phone handling reservations when Castiel walked in with Claire, so he managed to slip past her and into the kitchen before she could say anything.
Dean looked mollified, but his arms were still wrapped tightly around Castiel's waist, and he was radiating protectiveness. "I just hate the thought of anyone making you uncomfortable," he said quietly, pressing their foreheads together, "even if it's within legal boundaries."
"Another six months maybe." Cas shamelessly admired the curve of his boyfriend's ass, already thinking longingly of "dessert". They had those scented candles left over from Valentine's Day. He loved the way Dean's tattoos looked in candlelight. "And you know once we're both self employed," he went on, watching Dean dish the delicious looking food onto two plates, "we'll have a lot more freedom. I think we should take a vacation. Take Baby on a nice long road trip."
Castiel chuckled, already feeling like a weight had lifted from his chest. "Well, try not to cuddle
“And miss a chance to piss off you
"No," he blurted out. "I mean, no, I don't want you to leave," he clarified a little more calmly.
"Yeah. With a little help from my awkward moose of a brother."
your car? Are you one of those guys who talks to his car like it's a person?"
"No, you're not alright, or no, you don't need a minute? I need you to be clear." Dean would have been more annoyed if it hadn't sounded like Cas was really struggling to keep still long enough to check in with Dean.
“My mother’s favorite song was
Recognizing that she'd pushed him too far, Naomi held up her hands in surrender. "Perhaps not. And perhaps it is, as you said, none of my business. But may I show you something before you dismiss my opinions entirely?"
"It's fine," she rushed on before he could say more than that. "I'm fine. Between my last few corporate gigs and my … less than legal work, I've got enough saved up that I can pretty much do whatever I want for the next thirty years provided I don't go crazy and buy an island." She gave him a reassuring smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. "Honestly, I haven't really been trying to find a new job. I needed a break from the rat race."
After a few more moments, Cas' scent calmed, and they untangled themselves and sat back down. This time Cas dug into his food, moaning a little as the first bite reminded him that he hadn't eaten all day. Hannah had not offered them breakfast before they left.
Cas conceded the point with an amused huff that breezed across Dean's scent gland and made him shiver, but if Cas had noticed the arousal in Dean's scent, he didn't act on it, so Dean figured he wasn't in the mood.
"You never told me how you got this car," Castiel said once they were driving. "It can't have been easy to find a model this old in such good condition."
"Should I be at this meeting?" Dean asked, directing the question to Castiel.
"How did you do that?" Cas whispered, leaning into Dean's side.
Castiel's heart twisted with such a strange mix of emotions that he couldn't even put a name to most of them. "Y-yes. He's my alpha."
When he drew a nipple into his mouth, Dean groaned. He experimentally bit it a little harder, and Dean convulsed, pushing his chest into Castiel's face and tangling his fingers in Castiel's hair, an inarticulate moaning whine issuing from his throat. Castiel grinned. He had found his first sweet spot, and he hoarded the information greedily, determined to learn every inch of Dean's body by heart until he could reduce the man to a moaning, writhing, needy mess in seconds if he wanted to.
"Well, maybe I deserve to." It was said very quietly, but Dean heard every word as clearly as if Cas had shouted it in his face.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I know that, and no, I’m still definitely gay.”
He had "met" Dean's car several times now. Dean had taken to driving him home from the restaurant every night so they could have a little time to talk and just be together without anything else competing for their attention. But this was the first time he'd seen it in daylight. It — she, he mentally corrected himself — was beautiful in a way that modern cars never were. There was grace and power in every sleek line of her, and Dean took such good care of her that you would never know she was over half a century old. She was indeed a lady, dignified and timeless.
"Would you prefer I tie your hands behind your back or above your head?"
Cas laughed along with everyone else. Dean was clearly uncomfortable with being the center of attention, but he was powering through it like a champ, and
"Yeah. I, um … I kind of already asked her." He watched Cas closely for any sign of displeasure, but the omega's scent remained sweet and clear, and his eyes held nothing but curiosity and the ever present love. Still Dean felt compelled to explain. "She's all alone, Cas. She needs a home, a family."
Dean grimaced. He still hadn't forgiven Naomi for trying to make Castiel break up with him, and things had been very chilly (figuratively speaking anyway) whenever the two of them were in the kitchen at the same time. She wasn't stupid. She had to know why he was giving her the cold shoulder, but she hadn't confronted him about it or made any more attempts to drive the two men apart, confining herself to sour looks whenever they showed the least sign of affection in her presence.
"It's a food. I was thinking of ordering some for dinner."
Castiel smiled and rewarded him with a lick to his scent gland. When he was sure that Dean wasn't on the edge anymore, he added more slick and pushed inside again. Shallow, gentle thrusts at first, working up to a faster rhythm, and stopping as soon as the tension in Dean's muscles and the strength of Dean's scent let him know the alpha was close.
He felt Dean tense a little in his arms. "That's why you wanted the meeting to be here and to have me there."
"Okay. I'll stop and we can trade places."
"Dean?"
Things had been so simple when he was in heat. His body knew what it needed, and all he had to do was stop fighting it. What if it wasn't the same this time? What if he didn't know what to do, how to satisfy Dean? What if he did it wrong?
"Dean, can I ask your opinion on something?" Castiel said during a quiet moment after closing one night when they were the last ones left in the kitchen.
“Yes.” The word was half sobbed. “God, yes. Please, please come with me. I can’t face them on my own.”
“Don’t mention it. Always a pleasure to put Michael in his place. You.” Nick pointed a finger at Dean. “You hurt my baby brother and I’ll kill you.” It was a statement of fact, not a threat, and he didn’t bother to ask if Dean understood before he followed Michael inside.
Dean insisted on helping with the clean up, and Castiel didn't actually protest too much.
Cas laughed, and even distorted by the phone, it was one of the top five most beautiful sounds Dean had ever heard. “Believe it or not, I actually wear them. They were a gift from my brother, and they’re the most comfortable shoes I’ve ever owned. Also completely waterproof which is very important in my line of work.”
Dean froze. He couldn't possibly mean …
"No," he said in answer to Benny's question. "We're, um… we're actually spending the night at Cas' brother's house."
"Something wrong?" Dean asked as he joined Cas on the bed again. (Grace had long since moved to the floor, annoyed with the way the humans kept jiggling the mattress.)
The hand Dean wasn't holding balled into a fist on Cas' thigh, nails digging neat little crescents into his palm. "That it's 'better for a child to grow up in a two parent home with both alpha and omega role models'," Cas parroted bitterly. "So until I'm mated, they feel that it's in Jack's 'best interest' to remain with them."
Dean suddenly sat up and caught his hands. "Hey. Fair's fair. It's my turn."
Cas did his best to hide his disappointment. It didn’t sound like Dean was making this up, but obviously the evening wasn’t going to end with ill advised first date sex.
Dean rubbed a hand over his face, wiping away a few tears. Cas thought that was the end of the story, but again he was wrong. "That was the last time we talked for a while," Dean went on, his voice steadier but his expression still pained. "Benny left, and I started dating this guy, Aaron, but that only lasted about a month. I was still hung up on Benny, and Aaron … He was a really sweet guy. He deserved to be more than somebody's rebound. And then …" Dean gave a short, huffing laugh that didn't sound remotely happy. "Then Benny came home on leave, and damned if I didn't jump right back in bed with him. Didn't even need to get drunk first."
? Jesus, that must have been …"
"I'm Cas," he said.
wasn’t nervous at all), and rang the doorbell. Almost immediately he heard thumping footsteps running towards him and the door was flung open by a petite young woman with flaming red hair and a t-shirt that declared,
Dean could always lose himself in kissing Cas no matter what else was on his mind. Even the very first time, which had been messy and semi-drunk and involved more horny enthusiasm than technique, it had still felt like the world stopped spinning and nothing existed but the two of them, tongues and scents intertwining like they were made for each other. It had never felt so right with anyone else.
He pulled back and cupped Castiel's cheek. "Oh, baby," he said softly. "That's not true. Please tell me you know that's not true."
Dean held him tightly and rubbed his back. "I think your tea got cold."
Normally Castiel would have told him to take a message. He never took calls, personal or otherwise, while he was working. But his focus was already thoroughly broken, and he wanted to get away from Naomi (he had an uncomfortable suspicion that she wasn't entirely in the wrong here), so he called back, "I'm coming."
Dean snorted. "Pretty sure it was my idea, Cas."
"Okay." Sam nodded. "Seriously, no pressure. When you're both ready."
Cas was looking down at his phone. "Um… Hannah texted me. She wants to know if I'm bringing my alpha to Christmas dinner. What should I tell her?" He looked up at Dean again, his brow furrowed and his posture uncertain in a way it never was when he was Doming.
with an arrow connecting back to the Castiel figure. The figures were holding hands and were surrounded by lopsided hearts as though some deranged cupid had thrown confetti at them. He smiled and tucked the picture in his pocket to show Dean.
“Yes, please. And —”
Castiel blinked. Still half lost in his own thoughts, it took him a second to figure out who Dean was talking about.
"Claire," Castiel answered for her.
She pulled back to look at him, her scent both hopeful and suspicious. "Really?"
Dean yanked himself back as if Castiel's skin had burned him. "What? Did I hurt—"
still love me, right?”
As Dean shrugged out of his coat before sitting down, Castiel's mouth went dry. Dean had dressed casual too, brown jeans and a dark green henley that showed off his broad chest and muscular arms to perfection.
The unspeakable relief of finally sinking into his omega (and Cas was really
“Cas? You okay?”
"Why don't you do that? I'm not telling you to quit your job," Dean hurriedly added. "I mean, you barely know me, and you didn't ask for my advice. I'm just curious. What's stopping you from going out and doing what you really want to do?"
Dean was clearly on board with the pace Castiel was setting. Castiel could feel how hard he was already, but once he succeeded in getting the belt unbuckled, Castiel decided to slow things down. He wanted to savor this next part. After all, when you're presented with a rare delicacy to taste for the first time, you don't just wolf it down, no matter how hungry you are. You roll it around on your tongue, try to identify each flavor, and imprint the moment in your memory with as much detail as you can.
The townhouse they rented together had three bedrooms. One was Dean's, one was Cas', and one was Jack's when he spent the weekend with Cas. Hopefully, one day soon, Jack would live there full time. Dean wasn't sure how having a kid in the house would affect their arrangement, but even if Cas didn't want to scene anymore, Dean could live with that. It would be a small price to pay for Cas to be able to tuck his kid in and read him a bedtime story every night. The sadness in Cas' eyes every time Jack went back to Michael and Hannah's after a visit just killed Dean.
When Castiel came down, it was to Dean's lips already moving on his in a sweet afterglow kiss. He was more than happy to join in. Through a team effort they managed to get cleaned up and under the blankets without leaving each other's arms and seamlessly transitioned from sex to snuggling.
He grimaced and did not look up from the creme brulee he was finishing. If even one spot got burnt instead of lightly caramelized, he would have to toss it and start over, and if the customer complained about slow service, Naomi would reprimand the entire kitchen staff regardless of the fact that it was her fault for distracting him. "Tell them thank you but brilliant chefs belong in the kitchen."
Cas took a step back, acutely aware that he only had two or three steps before he was well and truly cornered. He wondered if he should scream or something, but the bar was crowded and noisy, and even if someone heard him, he honestly wasn't sure if they would help or join in.
Jack danced around in his Olaf pajamas, and for his bedtime story he chose a book about a boy who built a snowman that came to life and played with him. Castiel sensed a theme here, and sure enough, even as Jack was nodding off, he sleepily murmured, "You're gonna build a snowman with me tomorrow, right, Daddy?" The last two words got swallowed up in an enormous yawn.
John harrumphed in approval, his scent mellowing out. "Well, sounds serious if you're already meeting the family. Bout time you settled down. When do I get to meet this omega of yours?"
Castiel stood up too. "Do you think … Maybe we could risk one goodnight kiss?"
“No, it’s fine.” Dean closed his bedroom door for some privacy. He hadn’t told Sam or anyone else about Cas yet. They would be so happy that he was finally “moving on”, and if things didn’t work out they would immediately smother him in comfort. He didn’t want to deal with that. “How’ve you been?”
"It's a story. About a genie and this kid who … You know what? It's probably easier to just show you."
to understand it. And I don't want her to think her father was a bad person. He wasn't. He had his flaws like everybody, but he was a good man and a wonderful father. But Claire worships Dean. She loves him almost as much as I do. How do I tell her that if her father was still alive, Dean wouldn't even have been allowed to meet her, let alone read her bedtime stories and teach her to make pancakes?"
“I was just gonna get something to clean us up,” Dean said.
“And is that Baby Cassie? My God, you got tall. And good looking.”
He was about to knock when he heard a ragged moan overlapping with a hoarse cry of "Dean. Oh, fuck, Dean." He snatched his hand back.
Cas pushed himself up on his elbows, his mouth falling open. He wasn't sure how he'd expected the story to end, but that definitely wasn't it. "He was killed in action?" he asked.
Castiel sighed and ignored the vote from his dick. "Yes, it is."
A live tree was out of the question. Most apartment buildings in New York banned them because of the risk of bugs and vermin, but Claire helped him pick out a decent size fake that actually smelled like pine, and some lights and other decorations. In fact she practically skipped around the store, running back to him now and then and holding out an ornament with a pleading look. It was the first thing she'd gotten excited about that wasn't connected to the restaurant, and because of that he probably spent more than he should, but he couldn't bring himself to feel guilty. Christmas was made for spoiling kids, and it was so good to see her smile.
"So what are you making?" Dean asked as they reluctantly separated.
"Hey. What's wrong?" A warm hand pressed between his shoulder blades, a calloused thumb caressing his neck just above the collar of his borrowed shirt. "You don't have to get that one if you don't like it."
"Dude, you didn't —"
She picked up her spoon and swirled it around a few times. Then she gave him a look that said quite clearly without words,
"Hey. Calling to wish your big brother a happy birthday?"
"It's a good school, Castiel."
"You mean why would I give that kind of power to someone who hates me as much as you do?"
One day about a week after Charlie moved in, Castiel was in the library helping Kevin with the angel tablet translations. He couldn't read the tablet himself of course, but they had found an ancient codex written by some long forgotten prophet that translated fragments of tablet language into Elimite which Castiel could read. Sort of. Elimite was a very abstract language with each pictograph having hundreds of possible meanings depending on the context. It was slow going, and when Dean came in and started talking about a potential case, three people missing in a small town in Idaho and a strange substance found at all the crime scenes, Castiel was grateful for the distraction. Until he realized what Dean wanted from him.
"The other day, when you called him and you were upset, and he dropped everything to be there for you? That's what he would have done for me. That's what he does for family. I've never seen him act that way with anyone he's dated, and that's why …" He looked at Castiel again. "That's why I'm going to tell you the whole story. I don't like talking about it, so this is a one time deal, but if Dean says you're family, then you deserve the whole truth, so here goes."
Dean looked very tempted, but he still hesitated. It was Castiel's turn to reach out and touch the other man's arm.
"Good," Sam said with relief. "Okay. Well, Dean's texts last night were a bit vague, and Eileen isn't as familiar with your history as I am, Cas. Would you mind walking us through how the custody arrangement with your brother and sister-in-law came to be and what made you decide to pursue legal action now?"
"Jimmy made Claire his whole world. He somehow managed to dote on her without spoiling her, and she adored him just as much. He was her best friend."
He would have laughed except Dean punctuated the last word with a roll of his hips and a hard clench, and all he could do was moan, "Dean."
"Yeah, I figured you would, nerd," Dean said, ruffling his brother's hair.
"Wow." Dean laughed suddenly, a surprised, delighted sound. "You actually have a little bit of a possessive streak, don't you?"
"Mmm. I like the sound of that," Dean agreed, nestling his head in the curve of Castiel's neck and shoulder with a contented sigh as though he intended to stay there all day.
"And you have a sponsor? Someone besides Dean you can talk to if you feel like you're in danger of slipping?"
Dean remembered what it had felt like when he first presented. Like there was a wild animal inside him trying to claw its way out. "I know," he said. "It'll get easier with practice, Cas. And you gotta talk to me. I can help you figure this stuff out, but I can't read your mind."
"Would you rather just play until bedtime?"
Caught out, the couple looked embarrassed; faces burning bright red. "S-sorry," the guy stammered.
Hannah ducked her head and hurried away towards the kitchen, refusing to make eye contact with either Castiel or Dean. Castiel wasn't sure if that was because she felt guilty for ratting them out or because she was embarrassed about what she had seen them doing. Likely it was a bit of both.
"Why not?" Dean asked in surprise.
I knew how to make a mess like a normal person.” Before the conversation could turn morbid again, he added, “You really like Vonnegut, huh?” The author had almost a whole shelf to dedicated to him.
A smile was finally,
He hastily derailed that train of thought. That was a bad idea for so many reasons. Dean was his subordinate. If he made a move and it turned out that his interest was unreciprocated, he could find himself sued for sexual harassment. And even if Dean was gay, single, and interested in Castiel, there was still Claire to think about. He couldn't just bring strange men home anymore. (Not that he had really done that before, but it had at least been an option.) Even dating was going to be more complicated from now on.
“Afternoon actually. It’s about twelve.”
Castiel hummed against Dean's neck. "That's all right. I appreciate the thought anyway."
"Not that I recall," Castiel said, staring intently at the texture of Dean's jeans. "I suppose it could have happened when I was too young to remember it, or I blocked it out. But I think I prefer not knowing. I
Dean was quiet for what felt like an eternity but was probably only about six seconds. Finally he said, "Yes."
"Where have you been all my life?" Dean groaned as Castiel collapsed beside him. "I had no idea sex could be this good."
That reminded him that they were still in the hallway, and he broke away from the kiss to gasp, "Not… not here, Dean. Claire or Missouri might wake up."
"Love you too."
Dean shrugged the shoulder that Cas wasn't leaning on. "I've never been a traditional kind of alpha."
"I was. I didn't want to come yet." Cas pushed at the waist of the panties. He wanted to do this before they got cool and tacky.
Dean raised his eyes to meet Castiel's. "He made parole. They're letting him out tomorrow." He sounded as though he didn't quite believe it, and he suddenly grabbed Castiel and hugged him tight. Castiel felt warm tears dripping on his neck as Dean whispered, still in that half joyful, half disbelieving voice, "He's coming home. My little brother's coming home."
A small smile quirked Cas’s mouth, the first of the day. “Oh, no. That’s just Gabriel. Our father is … was” — the smile faded — “moderately wealthy, but Gabriel refused to touch a penny of his money. Instead he went out and made ten times as much all on his own, thus making disinheritance an empty threat and freeing him to live his life however he chose.”
"I can do a load of laundry for you if you don't have enough clothes," Hannah offered.
The conversation flowed easily while they ate. They talked about the upcoming Moondoor event on Fourth of July weekend, the first in-person LARP Charlie had been able to arrange since before Covid. They reminisced about the virtual Pride events they had attended last summer, and talked about how much they were looking forward to real parades this year.
Nick’s calculating gaze lingered silently on Dean a moment longer than was polite, and Dean got the distinct impression that he was figuring out how to get rid of the body. Then he looked down at Dean and Cas’s joined hands, and a mischievous smile spread over his face without ever touching his cold eyes. “Ah,” he said softly. “I see.”
Claire shook her head and held up three fingers again.
On an impulse he asked, "How would you like to come to the restaurant with me tomorrow after school?" If she got tired she could nap on the couch in Naomi's office, and tomorrow was  Friday, so he could let her sleep in Saturday morning.
Dean typed it into Bobby’s dinosaur of a computer and waited while the machine grudgingly searched its memory. “Pretty dog,” he said, nodding at the black Labrador sitting patiently by the man’s feet. Its eyes were the exact same color as its master’s. “Is he friendly?”
"It's amazing how much noise one small child can make, isn't it? But this is probably nothing compared to what you deal with at work every day. How many children are in your class?"
“Really?” Dean said skeptically. “Cause your place is —”
Sam grabbed his brother in a crushing hug. Dean was startled, but he recovered quickly and hugged back. "I'm happy for you," Sam said. "For both of you. He's really good for you, Dean, and I'm so glad you found him and that you're happy. I love you."
Cas snorted. "Dinner was fine, Hannah's cooking notwithstanding. It was after dinner that things went to hell. Once Jack was in bed, I showed Michael the bank statements like you suggested. The numbers speak for themselves. I am more than ready to provide a stable home for Jack. They
She handed him a sheet of printer paper with two vaguely humanoid figures drawn on it. It was difficult to tell their gender, but they were helpfully labeled
"Oh, thank God." Gabe somehow managed to theatrically sag with relief while still holding his tray perfectly steady. "If I had to spend one more night trying to keep a straight face while you two eye fucked each other from across the kitchen, I was gonna quit."
"Let go, Dean," Cas panted, picking up on it in Dean's scent and quickening the pace of his thrusts. "Let it happen, and then you can finish me with your mouth."
“Fair enough.”
Then he met a man with crystal blue eyes and a voice like the purr of a well made engine, and he realized how much happier he could be.
"Cas," he gasped, breaking away from the kiss. "Cas, we, uh …" He made a visible effort to wrangle his brain cells into working order, and Cas was smugly pleased with the effect his kissing had on the man. He'd been told by more than one person that he was a good kisser, but he'd never gotten such an immediate and intense reaction before. "Not that I don't want to," Dean finally managed to say, "but we don't have to do this right now. I mean, after what happened to you tonight, I understand if you need some time. I'll still be interested in a few days."
"I … don't know what that is."
“All too easily. God, there might be no survivors. Oh, speaking of wedding planning, do you want a plus one?”
"Then no one else's opinion matters. I hope your parents will come around someday, but they may not. Try not to let them get inside your head. He's a good man. You've chosen well."
"What book?"
"Well, I'd say that ship has sailed." Castiel reached under the table and dipped two fingers into Dean's waistband until he could feel the rough texture of the lace, a beautiful contrast to Dean's smooth skin. "Will you show me now?"
There was a light knock on the door, and they jumped apart a second before Jack poked his head into the room. "Uncle Michael's home, and Aunt Hannah says dinner's ready," he informed them. Still holding onto the doorknob, Jack tilted his head and wrinkled his nose. "It smells funny in here."
They settled in with some old rom-com, but Castiel quickly lost the thread of the plot. He seemed to be very bad at watching movies with Dean. He always got distracted by something. Usually it was Dean, but this time, it was the unspoken other half of the story sitting in his chest like a stone. He had come very close to telling Dean everything the day Claire got sent home for fighting, but in the end he had wanted to make love more than he had wanted to talk, and afterward he had been reluctant to ruin the post-coital bliss. Now though…
"Oh, yeah," Dean said with a smirk, leaning in close to Castiel and lowering his voice. "A man who can bake a good pie
“Thanks,” Cas said, still in that soft, barely there voice. He sounded like he was about to cry, and he wouldn’t look directly at Dean.
"Cas, you okay?" Dean reached for his hand, trying to assess how much medical attention was required. Normally the concern would have made Castiel's heart do some pretty interesting acrobatics. And it did, but tonight he couldn't enjoy it. He wasn't mad at Dean. If his anger was directed at anyone, it was Naomi. But when Castiel was angry, he tended to revert to his teenage self which was twice as prickly as a cactus.
The kind beta nurse who had contacted Dean on Castiel's behalf gave Castiel a thorough evaluation before discharging him to make sure he hadn't suffered any injuries or infections during his heat. When she explained this, Dean gave an involuntary growl at the implication that he would hurt his omega or fail to notice that his omega was hurt, but the nurse was not intimidated, or at least didn't show it. She calmly elaborated. "Accidents happen even during ordinary sex, and the heat hormones can cover up the pain so you don't notice it until later. We have to be thorough. Our first priority is the patient's health and safety."
sense. I meant …
"It was … good." Castiel felt his cheeks warm under her knowing gaze. Truthfully he couldn't have explained the plot if his life depended on it. They hadn't fooled around in the dark theater, hadn't even kissed, but about halfway through the previews Dean had put his head on Castiel's shoulder, and after that it was all a happy blur. He'd never thought of cuddling as a form of foreplay, but the citrus scent of Dean's shampoo and the warm, reassuring weight of the other man overwhelmed his senses as thoroughly as a passionate kiss. "Is Claire asleep?"
"Speaking of the wedding," Cas said when Pam left to take care of her other customers, "is it too late to change my mind?"
~o0o~
"Chocolate, vanilla, or strawberry?"
"Hey, I got you something too," Dean said, taking a square package from his coat pocket.
Dean’s nickname for his “little” brother was certainly accurate. Cas was not a short man, but Dean was a couple inches taller than him, and Sam was a good three inches taller than Dean. Cas had to tilt his head back a little to make eye contact which was probably why he immediately remembered exactly where he had seen Sam Winchester before. You didn’t meet too many six foot four men with a passionate interest in organic honey.
"Yeah. And I already kind of felt that way with Sam leaving for college, and I couldn't … It was just too much all at once. I couldn't process it. So when he asked me to wait for him, I said … Well, you heard most of what I said."
Yes, to an alpha like Michael that would be the ultimate insult, a constant reminder of his failings. Raising Cas' child though? Well, that was his duty as the head of the family, just as it had been his duty to raise Cas after their parents had died. That soothed his ego. He wasn't a failure in that scenario. He was the family hero, a savior of abandoned omegas and orphaned children.
~o0o~
"What do you want us to be, Cas?" Dean asked. "You pick any label you like. You make up the rules and I'll follow them."
“Jesus Christ, I won’t forget!”
Dean sat up, seriously freaked out. “Cas, you’re scaring me. What’s wrong?”
"Alrighty. Here we go, guys." Their bubbly waitress chose that exact moment to return with their food. "Ribeye and garlic mashed potatoes for you," she set Dean's plate in front of him, "and branzino with summer squash for the blue-eyed stud." She winked at Cas above her black mask.
Cas had definitely closed it behind him when he came in, but he must not have locked it because it was open now, and there was a laundry basket laying on its side just inside the doorway, clean clothes spilling out of it, and there were footsteps retreating quickly down the stairs.
He could almost hear Dean wince guiltily. "I know. I'm sorry about that, babe."
for those who would prefer spoilers before reading. Be safe.
"Yes, of course, Omega," Michael said.
"I knew it!" Charlie squealed loud enough to make Dean wince. "You
“No, it’s fine,” Dean started to say. “It’s—” And then he was interrupted by a tinny electric guitar riff coming from his pocket. He pulled out his phone, and his eyes widened when he saw the screen. Cas could see the name of the caller — Sammy. “Oh, crap,” Dean muttered under his breath. He answered the call, and instead of hello, he said, “Sorry, sorry, sorry.”
Claire seemed to relax a little too. Then Ms. Mills said, "Claire, could you wait outside please while I have a quick word with your uncle? It won't take long and then you can go home." Claire immediately stiffened and gave both the principal and Castiel a narrow eyed glare before picking up her school bag and flouncing out of the office, conveying wordlessly that she knew full well they were going to talk about her behind her back and she didn't like it.
Dean snorted. "It would be easier to tell you where I
"I love you too."
The irony of it was that Naomi's meddling actually did more to put him off his game than his attraction to Dean ever had. As the night went on, he was distracted, short tempered, and worst of all, clumsy. He dropped a plate, an empty one thankfully, and burned his wrist stirring a sauce a little too vigorously in a futile attempt to alleviate his anger and frustration.
"I don't know," Castiel admitted. "This has never happened before."
Michael, however, looked anything but pleased. His mouth pressed into a thin, hard line, and Castiel knew what that was about. He, an omega, had dared to insert himself into a conversation between two alphas. Michael glanced at Dean, clearly expecting him to reprimand Castiel to remember his place, and when Dean did no such thing, only gazing at Castiel with gratitude and soft, warm affection in his eyes, Michael's mouth got even thinner.
