“Everyone get, in the car!” Dean ordered.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “What about?”
“Ermm, it’s ok, he told me he was going out for drinks I just forgot. Sorry to bother you.”
……………………
“Not that I’m trying to talk you out of this baby bro, but why me and not Dean?” Gabriel asked, sitting by his brother’s bed, keeping a firm grip on his hand. The forensic examiner was on their way, Cas had agreed to the exam giving evidence and then all being well they’d be able to take him home.
“I am not well Dean, but I don’t think I’m dying anymore.”
He hadn’t bothered packing a suitcase. He wouldn’t be needing it where he was going.
“Go ahead.” The voice on the radio replied.
“Why?”
“It’s no good, he could have never walked this far out!” Dean yelled punching the steering wheel.
“Of course, I’m not saying its Cas’ fault Gabe, he was scared and upset, but you heard what he told Dean, anyone would have made the same assumption.”
“Cas honey, you can’t work seven days a week!” Dean raised his eyebrow. Cas’ job was long hours and tough work as it was and he knew his partners affinity for completely overworking himself.
“Sorry, Sam I should have called. Dean is home?” Cas asked curiously.
“It’s ok.” Dean soothed, rubbing gentle circles into his back. “I’ve got you.”
“You did what you thought was right against a stubborn frightened man, who is our family. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“I never told anyone. I’m deeply ashamed about it. I never considered how much it would hurt Gabriel, it was incredibly selfish.” Dean cringed about how clinically Cas talked about it, if anything he sounded angry at himself.
“I always thought you were the one with pretty eyes Cas.” Dean sighed. “They’re like staring at the ocean. I’m no poet like you Cas, but the moment I saw your eyes it was like they were seared into mind. Everywhere I looked was blue, it took me a while to realise how I felt about you, but those eyes of yours, they would never let me escape.”
‘It’ll grow back.’ He had shrugged and Dean loved him all the more for it.
“I wanted to talk to you about it first, since I knew what we agreed the first time.”
“Castiel Winchester… that would be more than ok.” Dean said with finality.
Cas chuckled sadly. “It’s nothing Sam. I’m fine.” He ensured.
“What’s the prognosis.” Gabriel asked. Hugging his shocked and trembling brother tightly.
“You need to tell me when you make decisions that involve money. I have to sort out the budget!”
“Oh yeah like that’s going to make it all better.” Dean hissed.
“I’m not going to tell anyone until you want me to.” Gabriel cut him off. “You heard what the doctor said. It’s all going to be fine. We’re going to get you through this. It’s all going to be fine.”
There was a beat of silence on the end of the line. “So, this is all one big misunderstanding?” Sam asked, confused.
Sam was ringing again. He knew the kid never gave up so decided it was best to answer and get it over with.
“No, no its not… they, they ruined everything Dean, they ruined me… I, I’m disgusting.” Cas voice broke, but he wasn’t finished. “I waited and waited for you and I know you hated waiting and now they took that away and I…” He buried his face in Dean’s shoulder, unable to say anymore.
“Dean relax, just be a little mindful of the stitches.”
They had been together for over 5 years when he’d proposed and three months ago they’d tied the knot, quietly, no fuss. His brother Sam had been annoyed they’d not invited guests, but Cas had disowned almost all his family and he didn’t need the reminder of what he’d run away from.
“Dean, I’m yours. I was always yours and will never be anything else.”
“I know brother. But will you at least try some soup?”
That accusation hurt Dean more than anything had hurt him before. “You know that’s not what I’m saying!” Dean roared. “How can you even suggest that of me?”
…………………
“Why did you marry me Cas?” Dean asked, voice quiet and raw. “How could someone as wonderful as you fall for such a colossal fuck up like me?” He said bitterly.
“It’s not the same Cas.” Jody tried to reason with him, but Cas just shook his head frantically.
He wouldn’t have even bothered fighting this disease if it wasn’t for his sweet toothed, dirty minded older brother. He knew how much Gabriel cared about family. When Lucifer and Dad had started fighting and then Lucifer and Michael, and then Raphael started bullying Cas, Gabriel had just left. Cas had been mad at first, but he knew Gabe couldn’t bear to watch his family tearing themselves apart, he loved them too much. If Cas died, it would kill Gabriel. He knew that. He had to survive this for his brother, even if he didn’t want to live without Dean.
“For our Wedding!” Dean realised. “If you want August, August it is.” He smiled broadly.
“No, Gabriel, no of course he isn’t.”
“Dean…” Cas closed his eyes and sighed, so many emotions flooded across his face and he buried his face in his hands. “Dean if you hate it you should have told me. I never want you to be unhappy Dean. I did all this, so you could be happy.”
“That’s not how it works Dean!”
“Then how did you get these?” He pointed to the injuries. Bruises on one arm and an angry cut on his head.
So, he just kept walking as the rain started falling, as it soaked through his clothes and into his skin. And as he turned from cold, to freezing, to numb he didn’t make a move to address it. He walked until his legs gave out and his back was screaming, then settled under a tree and stared into the rain as the clouds above darkened.
“Hey baby bro.” Gabriel. Cas offered a smile, God he was glad to hear his voice. “How you doing?”
“Babe, what difference of about what, $150 a week going to make? You don’t need to, your salary is already double mine. If anyone should be getting a second job its me.”
“No, God, No. Cas would be furious if you did that.”
……………………………………………………….
“I know. Could you contact Pam for me? It’s a bit too much right now.”
“And…” Sam asked.
“Flu apparently. I have a prescription.” Sam looked at it questioningly.
Dean chuckled and “Cas, I’ll give you anything you want.”
…………………………….
“OK.”
“No problem Jerk.”
I realise I have left this very open ending, with everything on the way to being ok, but nothing resolved and this is for a reason. I wanted to leave this fic open to a sequel, and also to a prequel explaining how Cas and Dean got together and all the history behind that.
“Anyway, I have to get back to work.” Sam announced and headed towards the door. “You look after our Castiel, Dean. Or else.”
‘Here we go’ Dean thought.
“I don’t know, it must have been when I fell it wasn’t there this morning.” Gabriel looked unconvinced. “Honest Gabriel.” Cas implored.
“You’re going to be working at the gas station?” Dean said with a smirk. “You’re a bit overqualified.”
Cas was largely himself; he still groaned at Gabriel’s jokes, was kind and thoughtful and always considerate of them all. He was even still rather bright and cheery... around them anyway. Sam had a feeling it was only Dean that got to deal with him in his darker moments, and Sam had no doubt there were some. They all knew that he would wake up screaming every now and then, waking the rest of the house up with him much to his embarrassment and he was also very jumpy if taken by surprise. He didn’t drink anything that was given to him either, unless it was Dean giving it to him. Sometimes he waited till everyone else had started their meal before he did. It hurt a little, to see he had such a lack of trust in those close to him, but Sam knew it was more than justified. Cas had been through hell and was somehow holding it all together.
“It’s Cas. He’s cheating on me.”
Ok, so the final chapter of this journey... But Subscribe if you want to see more because once I've finished all my other fics there may well be both prequels and sequels to this story to come.
“It’s fine. I need to do this alone” Cas said quietly, but at this stage, she wasn’t sure he was ever going to find the courage to get out the car and go up to the front door.
“Yeah?” Cas hummed.
“Thank you, Gabriel.”
Dean did a double take. “Oh God Cas…”
“Gabriel.” Sam walked up behind his brother in law who was stood outside Cas and Dean’s apartment. It was Friday night. Dean hadn’t been home since he’d walked out on Cas. He’d been staying with Sam.
“Well that was very romantic, thank you Dean.”
“Gabe, that’s as good as telling Dean!”
“Gabriel, I couldn’t ask you to.”
He knew he looked like crap when Sam knocked at the door, but his friend didn’t say anything and he appreciated it. He’d seen the vein start pulsing in Sam’s throat when he’d made Cas confess that Dean hadn’t come home that night, but again, Sam didn’t do anything just yet.
Dean blushed bright red and moved off Cas’ bed, to his husband’s fond chuckle as the honey blond stepped into the room, arms folded and wearing a frown.
“Jerk.”
“Are you ok Cas?” Sam asked, sliding a hand on his brother in law’s shoulder. He’d notice Cas pull himself away from the ‘party’ if you could call it that. In reality it was a just a small gathering of their closest friends and he has been as surprised and overjoyed as the rest of them when Cas had announced he and Dean would marry next August. Gabriel was currently giving Dean the ‘you hurt my brother again and I’ll feed you your own balls fried’ speech and Dean did right to look intimidated by the 5 ft 8 ball of righteous fury. Short or not, Gabriel was scary and Sam had no doubt he would follow through on his promise. Neither did Dean judging by the sudden pale tinge to his face.
“I don’t know, I’m really tired can I just… please can we do this some other time?”
Sam pressed it to his ear curiously. “Jody?” Gabriel heard him ask as Dean climbed into the car.
“Damn!” Sam inhaled sharply.
“Excuse me?”
“I’m so sorry Gabriel. You can count on my discretion, attorney-client’s brother privilege after all.”
“Huh?” Dean asked. “Why not?”
…………………..
It had been two years since the accident. The accident that destroyed his old life and simultaneously created a new one, a better one.
“You really need to go to hospital Cas.” She tried to make him see sense, but all that seemed to be flashing through his eyes was pain and panic.
Sorry for the late update here. Got exams coming so no guarantees when I will get the last chapter up, but it will come eventually, you have my word. I don't abandon fics.
“Of course, Angel.” Dean smiled, wiping the tears from his face. “Could you try to eat something for me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“O’Malley’s? What was the Idjit thinking?”
“Home?” Cas stepped out the car when Dean opened the door and looked up at the house in confusion. There was a for sale sign with a big Sold sticker covering it. Did that mean. “Dean…”
………………………………………….
“Touché.” Sam agreed. “See you in Atlanta then.”
Cas let go of the desk for a moment and took a step back. Jake looked at him with concern.
“What’s going on?” Anna stepped out of the back room at the ruckus.
“Can you come home please Sammy?”
“Well that settles it. I’ll be there.” Cas smiled. “You might want to swing round and ask Dean yourself though. He’s doesn’t pick up the phone at work and our shifts don’t coincide for the next few days so I won’t see him to talk to him.”
“I’ll skin the filthy swine.”
“Cas, you hear me?” Dean tried, but there was no response. Cas’ pupils were too blown for the harsh light of the room.
“You’re upset… your voice, why are you upset?” Jody asked.
“Sam, you don’t have to.” Cas looked almost horrified at the notion of being an inconvenience.
“Right….” Gabriel sighed.
“Are you sure Cas? I mean, with everything you’re going through are you sure it’s a good idea?” Dean hated to say it, knowing how happy it made him to see a genuine smile on Cas’ face for the first time all day and how much he wanted this himself. After everything that happened he knew he never wanted to let Cas go again.
Dean was different. He drove over every weekend to look after his best friend, but it didn’t feel like that. He took him out to eat, or cooked, but didn’t hover over him checking he ate everything and never said a word if he didn’t finish the plate. There was no pressure, it was easy and he felt safe.
“Yep, 103.2, you have a slight fever. Please lift your shirt.” Cas felt the cold metal of a stethoscope press against the back of his ribs.
“No, I just assumed he’d be asleep.”
“Dean?” Cas asked, worry crossing his features.
“I’m wondering why I’ve not heard from my little brother and there is no one at his house. Has your brother stolen him away without my permission or something else hopelessly romantic?”
“Ok.” Cas nodded.
“Look, Cas, I know this has been hard on you recently, but things are going to get better now I promise. I came with news.”
He was helpless and all he could do was let it happen.
“Yeah, really good. The best. They caught them Sam… well some of them anyway. The DNA evidence helped them track down 3 guys who they think were involved in… in what happened to Cas and they’re in custody.” Dean said excitedly.
about letting you get a cat.”
“Gabriel?” Dean asked as Sam and Jody went to ask at another homeless shelter.
Cas’ face darkened at the words and he shuffled to sit up. “I want to go home.”
“Let me finish Bobby, it’s hard enough…” Jody choked back a sob remembering the state she had found Cas in and the heart-breaking look in his eyes. “Dean and Cas had, had a fight. Cas walked out and I don’t know how he ended up there, but… someone in O’Malley’s spiked his drink and…” Jody took a shaky breath. “They raped him Bobby.”
Jody had found Cas at 7pm, but he didn’t wake up till the early hours of the morning. Jody hadn’t slept, she couldn’t. It was almost as if she had to stand guard over the form sleeping on the sofa, to stop anything else horrible from happening to him. She gave him a few moments when he started waking up to gain his surroundings, but as she turned on the light she could see the panic and confusion in his face so moved a little closer to calm him.
“Says the guy who only turns up to class when the mood strikes him.” Cas said with disdain.
Even in the dead heat they had porridge for breakfast, a banana, slice of toast and some coffee. He brought his commissary cherry jam with him, it helped with the blandness.
Also, as usual, more fluff and finally some smut. YAY, phone sex...kinda?
Castiel’ story wasn’t as obvious as the truth. His story told the tale of two angels, trapped in heaven for over a millennium to slowly find out it was hell all along. Gabriel wanted to change the ending, wanted them to escape, free all the other angels trapped in there, make them heroes.
“Then I want you to suck mine.” His whisper almost inaudible, eyes moving to look up at Cas. Heat rose up his neck and onto his cheeks under the watchful gaze. Time ticked on and he wasn’t entirely sure how long they stayed there like that, eyes locked and Cas’ firm grip on Dean’s wrist. He found himself slipping under. The room closing in to just them.
He eats his burrito in silence, enjoying the conversations the other three are having. They talk so freely, teasing one another and joking about anything and everything from Dean’s obsession with his car, to Sam’s old haircut when they couldn’t see his face and he was going through his emo stage as Jessica refers it to. Its light and full of energy, that similar energy that Dean emulates. Childish, carefree and unashamed.
“Yes Dean.” Cas replied. Voice wrecked. Dean smiled at that, liked to know Cas wasn’t as cool and collected as he tended to be in these situations, that it wasn’t just Dean who was falling apart. The times he had thought about doing this to Cas, to imagine what Cas would look like was nothing compared to the real thing. Cas’ blissed out face, his mouth open and slack, teeth and tongue on show as he let Dean jack him off, giving himself over like it was as easy as breathing.
So, they were both in agreement.
“Cas?” Dean asked, momentarily pulling Cas from his fantasies.
“So, whaddya say?” His friend turned his head to look at him, confused. Dean pointed at the screen defiantly. “Audio Cas, a video with me being all loud and dirty and…anyway you know what I mean. Let’s give the people what they want! More views, more money,” He nudged his friend with his elbow. “You in or what?”
"Apparently so." Cas replied, taking the opportunity to put his hands on Dean's face. Dean turned as always, kissing his palm.
“You won’t,” Dean replied. “This aint my first rodeo.” He slid his own finger into his mouth, then joined Cas in opening him up. He hissed through his teeth at the pain. It burned a little but a good kind of burn, like whiskey or Cuban cigars.
“Yes, I have eyes Cas.” Dean sassed. Cas nudged him with his foot for the comment. This was clearly their new thing, the nudges, not that Dean was complaining, he started them. Instead of taking his foot back, he let it drop, leaving it balanced against Dean’s boot.
“How come you don’t share with the other Russians?” Cas pulled his hands off of his face to look at Dean. His blue eyes squinted. “If you don’t mind me asking.” Dean added.
Dean ran his hands through his hair. Don’t fight, don’t provoke, don’t piss off the new head of the Russian gang on day one.
“Hey dude, can I pay for this?” the customer asks. He’s tall, very tall with long brown hair tucked behind his ears and two pies in his hands holding them out to Castiel to pay for.
He couldn’t respond. Too wrecked from what Cas was doing to him, always turning to putty in those attentive hands, knowing exactly how to tear Dean down even after their time apart. He was holding onto the pillow like his life depended on it, tethering him to their cell.
“Have fun.” Cas said and watched Sam run over to a pinball machine before he got up from the booth making a beeline for the bathroom, hoping he’d be able to have some fun of his own.
WARNINGS!
He took his hand back, shoving it into his front pocket jean and waited for Dean to freak out or give him a black eye. This time instead of volatile words, Dean just zipped himself back up and stormed off left in silence.
Totally normal to get a hand job from your best friend to put up on an amateur porn site.
People’s orgasms faces shouldn’t look that delicate. They shouldn’t. Cas shouldn’t be reacting to the ways he was either. It wasn’t like him. This wasn’t like him. He was going into unchartered territory and it scared him. He needed this to be over. He needed to get what he wanted and get out before Cas found himself drawing heart eyes and etching their names into desks at school.
Pushing those thoughts away, Dean scrunched up the letter and flung it into the bin. He missed. Reaching down to grab it his lower back twisted, and an instant pain emerged. He shot back up. His hand reached around to where the pain surged.
The word friendship plucked a sore spot in Dean’s chest.
“No surprise there.” Dean stacked the dishes on the dryer. Cas came into view beside him, leaning against the countertop, arms folded over his chest. He was wearing what looked like an old college jumper, worn out to a dull navy. The words Stanford across the front of it.
.” Balthazar said. They left.
“You make it sound so easy.”
“No, I haven’t told Gabriel.” They don’t share things like that. Their friendship doesn’t involve that kind of conversations unless Gabriel specifically asks which is rare. Gabriel gave up on asking about Castiel’s crushes some time ago, if Castiel wants to call Dean that. It seems a bit juvenile for what he really feels for his neighbor.
“Ya ne ubival yego.” Cas said entering the cell.
“I can see why you thought Gabriel and I were together. He is very touchy feely.” He uses Dean’s words. They feel strange on his tongue, like they don’t belong to him. He can see Dean smile, its half hidden in the arms he’s resting his face on. Castiel wants to reach out, run his hand through his hair to tell him its ok, that really Castiel is fine. After everything Dean had said the only words that are clinging to him were that Dean said he liked him.
“How about we meet for lunch tomorrow?”
We're nearing the end folks... *sobs*
“Cas?”
Perhaps this conversation wouldn’t be as easy as Cas initially thought. He’d have to pick his moment. A moment void of everything except Cas and Dean couldn’t think of anything else except how he felt about him.
When Cas got to his room, he had to stop to admire the beauty that was Dean, strung out on his bed, cock hard and heavy lying on his stomach. Dean even had his hands above his head like before and Cas hadn’t even asked him to do it. His inner need to show Cas how good he’d good be again knowing no bounds. It ached him to his soul.
A slide show of their bodies pressed close in the lift. Dean with a fistful of Castiel’s hair as he pushes Castiel’s mouth further into the joint of his neck and shoulder, asking for it to be marked, asking to make it last a week.
“Go after him.” Balthazar said to Dean, gesturing his head into the kitchen.
He could play off the silent treatment over still being pissed when really, he was reciting in his mind what spirits were on the back line of the bar at the Roadhouse he could remember in order to will his hard on away.
It was a difficult situation. On one hand Dean was glad Cas had saved him from the Nazi, that he didn’t have to experience what they were going to do to him, if he even survived it. On the other, the display Cas did of his power over the Nazi for the sake of Dean was never going to go unnoticed. Dean wasn’t part of the Russian gang, the only logical reason why Cas intervened at all was because he owned Dean.
She wriggled under his arm. “But I wanna build a snowman!”
“Yes, each drop is an inmate. You want little Winchester to be added to it?” he threatened Sam. If Dean didn’t do it, Balthazar was going to kill his brother. He had no choice.
Dean scoffed. “I’m not four Cas, wait – you mean…” Dean bounced his brows hopefully insinuating what Cas was insinuating. Cas nodded, tongue poking out to lick his plump bottom lip. They had already made the most of rec-time earlier, but Cas had an insatiable appetite, even more so that Dean was no longer holding back. It seemed to have unleashed ridiculously high levels of arousal in the Russian. Levels that had Dean walking around more bow legged than usual, not that he minded. The mark of Cas on him, inside of him throughout the day kept him going.
The Russian tilted his head at the order.
Then the siren started going off around them. The group fell to the floor, hands behind their heads. Guards barged their way through the breakup the fight. Sam and the other Russian were still going at it. Cas crouched down to wrap his hands around Dean’s neck.
He heard footsteps go to the other side of the bed and the removing of fabric. The bed dipped, covers lifted and cold air escaped from the warmth Dean had created. It caused a shiver to run down his spine. The empty cold space quickly replaced with a hot body, bare chest to Dean’s clothed back. The faint smell of smoke roamed his nose.
The lift is small, three people max could fit in or two Sam’s if you’re being technical. He presses 3 and the doors close. Him and the guy ride the lift in silence. It’s awkward, super awkward, like being in the dentist waiting room and your phone battery dies awkward. Dean wants to talk to the guy, he’s chatty, he doesn’t do well in silences, but something tells him this guy aint so chatty. Or maybe aint so chatty to people like Dean. Dick.
Dean turned to Sam to tell him the code.
“Yes.”
“You want red or blue.” Claire said. “You can pick.”
Cas chuckled, like somehow this conversation was fucking funny. “I like to think so.”
That thought should have terrified Dean, given other circumstances he might have. Thankful his sated state let him not freak out. Tomorrow was for freaking out, tonight he could have those thoughts. Thoughts about love, about letting someone like Cas into his life completely. Great friend, great Dad, great lay, great all round, he ticked every box he could think of when he thought about a life partner.
“You heading up?” Dean points to the lift as he walks towards it to press the button. Castiel follows pleased that his stalling as created this situation. He hasn’t spoken to Dean since they said goodbye after eating the cherry pie on his sofa. They’ve exchanged hellos in passing, Dean heading out for his second job while Castiel is coming home from his only one.
It was a fight to the finish line after that. Both of them speechless and breathless, the smacking beneath them the only sound in the cell. The longer it played out the more Dean was losing that competitive streak of his because as per usual Cas pulled out all the stops. His free hand roaming around Dean’s body, sneaking up his shirt to rake down his chest and moving to grip his hair and yank it back. His breath coming in hot and heavy on Dean’s neck.
“Thank you for the summer.”
“Would you like me to kiss it better for you?”
This was just for them.
“We can eat it while we keep an eye on the girls.”
Someone asked about a schedule, I don't have one, just writing as I go :)
Balthazar replied in more mumbling Russian Dean didn’t understand and went back inside.
Gabriel leaned into Sam. “Moy krasiveye.”
“Meg knows!” Dean shouted not answering Cas’ questions. His hands in the air, flailing them around unsure what to do with them as he paced up and down the space at the end of Cas’ bed.
“Dean, I need for us to put this behind us, I can’t stand it when you are hurting and your capacity to blame and punish yourself is unprecedented. I’m going to say this once and I need you to accept it and believe it.” Cas said, forcing Dean to look hi in the eye. “I forgive you Dean and I want you to forgive yourself. We need to put these last few months behind us and move on. You need to move on Dean, because I need you right now. I really need you.”
“You keep saying that, you keep saying I’m the best thing that happened to you but how am I supposed to believe that when you won’t even let me touch you?”
“A tall order, but achievable. Who are we up against?” The bearded man had a British accent, smooth as silk.
“Go wait in the car.” Sam said firmly.
“Anna.” She offered.
“We’re just overworked that’s all. It’ll get better soon.” Cas said sadly. It had nearly been half a year. They’d been saying soon for a long time.
“He could be lying.” Gabriel said, narrowing his eyes at Dean.
“Thank you, Sam thank you for everything.”
“And…”
His love had been raped. He’d been broken and desperate and he had come home for help, to the one person who should have understood and cared for him and Dean had told him… he’d told him he was disgusting.
Gabriel looked up after ending the call and was met by Balthazar’s quizzical face.
“Oh hell.”
“Ermm, not enough. 4 hours on a good night. 2 hours normally.”
“Well, I’m not sure to be honest. I’ll ask him when he’s a little better. If it was up to me I’d take that cheating arsehole for everything he was worth.”
“Of course, it’s my fault!”
He undid his shoes to ease the ache in his feet and ankles. He rubbed them curiously, they felt numb and a little swollen, but he’d been on his feet all day. Traipsing round the offices of senior agents dealing with their shit, he’d barely touched his on stack of work and knew he’d be working late tonight to catch up. He swung his feet up on the couch, laying back into the pillows and setting his alarm for 20minutes time.
“Yes.” Cas sniffled. “I rang the office up one day to talk to Dean… when I found out I had the flu which well, wasn’t flu as we now know…”
“I capisce.” Cas nodded. “Dean would you hold me please?” Cas asked, and Dean smiled, squeezing back onto the small bed.
“Looks like I’m making burgers then.” Dean smiled.
“Every time I eat I just throw it up again and I’m sick of it.”
“No.” Gabriel said hesitantly, it was technically true after all, but Cas wasn’t going to like his answer.
“What do you mean?”
“Err, Castiel, I’m sorry but Dean doesn’t work on a Sunday anymore.”
“Dean we’ll find him” Sam put a hand on his brother’s shoulder and glanced back at Gabriel who was glaring at the older Winchester like he could physically smite him out of existence. “We will find him.”
“August.” Cas said randomly when they were finally both downstairs. Gabriel had gone out grocery shopping with Sam leaving Dean and Cas alone watching Dr. Sexy re-runs on TV.
Sam couldn’t believe it when Dean had told him, and he was nearly as angry and heartbroken as his brother. Cas was his best friend. He felt betrayed, angry, sick… but it didn’t matter what he felt right now because Dean needed him. He had never seen his brother so broken, not even after Lisa. Dean didn’t cry, but he had sobbed for hours last night before he’d drunk himself into oblivion and passed out on the sofa. It was nearly 2pm and he wasn’t showing much sign of waking up yet.
“Right. Fine. I’m driving you home and making you a doctor’s appointment in the morning.” Sam said firmly.
So that’s what he’d been doing. Instead of going home to Cas, he went down the garage. His old friends, the smell’s and the sounds, it made him happy again. Made him able to get through the day. He didn’t think about Cas at all.
Balthazar. Cas had chosen Balthazar over him. He should have seen it coming from the moment they had met.
“I’m going to Sammy’s. I can’t even look at you Cas. I’d kick
He looked worse when they pulled up outside, almost like he was going to be sick with anxiety.
“But you’re not hungry, are you?”
“Oh relax, it’s just the flu. But it could have been worse.”
Cas hung up. So, he hadn’t seen Dean for week, despite the fact he was on normal hours. And if he wasn’t working today then where the hell was he?
“Sammy, what do you mean, he’s sick… what’s wrong with my angel?”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “Ermm... We are?”
“You know you said if you were him…” Dean started, pulling his coat tighter around him in the cold air.
“Cassie? You awake?”
“Well, Cas will be happy to hear that, he really will.”
“Sam are you at home?” It had taken 2 hours to make the 3-hour journey to Sam’s house. It was a damn good Job Dean hadn’t seen a cop car., though at this stage he would hardly mind spending his night in a cell. He also knew for a fact that Sam and Jess weren’t home. He was sat outside their house, which was completely dark and lifeless as thunder cracked in the air and the rain fell.
They didn’t say anything else as they ate in silence. Cas made the phone call to his best friend, it had been emotional and now he on the next flight to Atlanta. Then looked at Dean’s name in the contacts list. He had to let the love of his life go if he was going to move on. He deleted the number.
“No, I can’t stress him right now.” Gabriel said firmly. Sam’s heart dropped. This was bad, whatever Cas was going through, it was very bad.
“Agreed.”
“I know sweetheart I know. How you doing Hun?”
“I’m going to ring Bobby, see about that phone trace and then I’ll ring the station, see if my APB brought up anything.”
………………………..
“Well, according to Gabriel, Cas rang the office one day and Garth told him that you weren’t working that day. That you’d reduced your hours a while ago, but you hadn’t been coming home.”
“It makes no sense Cas; how can you believe in all that crap when you’re as bent as a slinky! How can you believe in something that hates people like us?”
Gabriel sat next to Balthazar in the waiting room rubbing his face in anguish.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas said, rolling over gingerly. “That smells nice.” He tried a weak smile, but his eyes weren’t behind it. Dean still appreciated the effort. To Sam and Gabe, it looked like he was doing really well, but mornings and evenings were tough for Cas. When they were alone it was like he couldn’t hold up the mask of positivity any more and Dean could see the real effect of the trauma Cas had been through.
“Welcome home Cas.”
“The garage.”
“Hmm.” Cas mumbled uncertainly.
“Hmm.” The British man considered.
“You mentioned you would talk to him when he was better. Is there something I should know regarding your brother’s health? It is a dirty tactic to use in court, but it can prove rather effective in gaining the judges sympathy.”
“Love sucks. But I know a few people in here who would happily help you take your mind off it.”
The doctor didn’t even look up from the screen.
“He’s not here. We need to keep moving.” Dean swallowed, wiping underneath his eyes.
“Hello Cas’ phone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure.” Cas said, but there was nothing genuine about his tone. He sounded defeated and sad every time he talked about Dean and that was the complete opposite of what Gabriel usually expected from his brother. Cas could wax lyrical on the tiniest things that Dean had done whenever Gabriel asked, but now he brushed aside talking about his ‘soulmate’ every time his name was brought up.
Cas grabbed the phone and put his hand over the receiver to block out the noise. “Gabriel, don’t you dare say anything.”
“Yes, why?”
“Mr. Novak.” The doctor addressed Gabriel this time, firmly. He knew the relatives often took control while the patient crumbled and that is exactly what was happening now. Castiel wasn’t in the room, not really. His head was somewhere else entirely and by the shocked and gaunt look on his face the doctor knew, he needed time and not to be bombarded with information.
“What was that about?”
“And a garden?” Cas asked hopefully.
“Well he did after his fight with Dean.”
“I don’t deserve you.” Cas startled when he realised he wasn’t alone. He startled again when he realised who was in the room.
When Benny and the lads asked him out for a beer after their shift he went. But he didn’t call Cas along like he used to before. Guy was so whacked he’d just say no anyway. He was probably already asleep. Dean was doing him a favour.
“Exactly.” Gabriel said.
And Cas just let it happen. They told him it was for the best. And he believed them, he knew what he was, was wrong and shameful, so much so that he hadn’t told another living soul. Not his friends, nor his brothers. Michael, Raphael and Lucifer certainly would not understand, but he had been close to Balthazar and Gabriel, he was tempted to tell them, but never did. They were all much older than him and had left home long ago, so Castiel was alone in his misery.
“Well, no... want is a strong word, but I think I need this Cas, and I think you need it to and I’m willing to do it if it means I can be better for you.”
“Dean?”
“Really?” Cas looked at him in honest curiosity.
……………………………..
They sat silent for a moment just enjoying the closeness between them and watching contentedly as their friends and family conversed happily.
“I can very much appreciate that Gabriel; however, I really must discuss this with the man himself.”
“Of course, Cas. I hadn’t intended to load it all on you in one go. We’ll just be outside if you want us.” Gabriel said, planting a kiss on Cas’ head gently. “Get some rest baby bro.”
“What? Cas you’re dying?” Dean’s face turned a deathly shade of white. He had known things were bad, by the look on Gabriel and Balthazar’s faces, by the sunken eye sockets and masses of weight his husband had lost but he couldn’t be dying. He couldn’t
………………..
“Dean, none of this is your fault. I’m worried about you too.”
“And?” Gabriel asked.
“Sunday." Sam corrected. "Great, don’t work too hard.”
“It just doesn’t really. Yes I want them in prison so they can’t ever do this again, but their incarceration does not change the fact that what happened, happened and it happened to me. I still have to live with it. I don't care what happens to them.”
“Ok. Call me if you find anything.”
“Thank you, Jody, that’s great news.” “Yeah, he’s having a bad day today, but I’m sure he’d love to see you.”  Dean hummed an affirmative and nodded his head. “Yeah, I’ll ask him and text you. Bye Jody.”
“Ok.”
Finally, after a month Cas was confident enough in the books that they could afford to hire a few more hands to help with the running of things and take the workload off Dean.
“Apparently renal failure runs in my family, and it can lead to renal cancer. Both my kidneys were affected, one severely. It progressed a lot before we caught it. I knew I was ill, but Sam took me to the doctor who just thought it was flu and prescribed me antivirals.”
……………………………….
“Why not Cas? He cares about you.” Eileen implored him.
“Both? I’m not going… the sessions will be private, right?”
“Guy’s please this isn’t helping us find Cas. If it’s anyone’s fault its mine! I should have taken him straight to the hospital, then none of this would ever have happened.”
“Consider it done.” Sam smiled.
“No, nothing like that.” Cas sighed. “He just…”
“Dean!”
“No. Please Jody. Please.”
“The one who wouldn’t stop slapping Sam’s backside?” Cas asked with a frown of thought.
“I mean, I’m worried he’s going to do something very stupid.”
After their conversation, some pancakes and a nap, Cas was feeling better and more ready to face the day. Dean let him know that Jody was planning to visit them after her shift which made Cas cheer up no end.
Everyone was busy talking so it took a while, but Charlie noticed. When they started clearing the plates she pulled Sam aside.
But Dean didn’t come home for lunch like he’d expected. After some deliberation and wading through a tonne of guilt for disturbing his husband, he did pick up the phone. Sam would only check up later and he wasn’t going to break his promise to his best friend.
“Ermm, you are Cas’ Husband, right?” She asked, turning to Dean.
Stanford was how they’d all met. Sam and Cas had met in the library while Sam was studying for his exams and Cas working on his thesis, being a few years ahead and into his PhD. It hadn’t taken long to be introduced to older brother Dean. Cas had been smitten with him from the off, but Dean had played his feelings out into hostility, which made their relationship difficult for the first few weeks. It hadn’t taken long for Cas and Dean to have a far more profound bond than Cas did with Sam, but it wasn’t until after he had finished his Phd that Dean had finally made the move.
“Me and Eileen will talk to him.” Sam said firmly. “Don’t worry Charlie.”
“Trust you to be frank.” Cas offered a small smile.
……………….
“Thank you, Sammy.” Dean pulled his little brother into a hug and sniffled into Sam’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not calm Dean, I hate this too, I just don’t deal with things the same way you do.” Sam sighed. “And it can take a couple of hours Dean, they have to be thorough.”
Sam slammed his fist on the lift doors when they closed before he could get to Gabriel. He ran down the stairs, but Gabriel’s car, Cas riding shotgun, had already pulled away.
Cas chuckled and shook his head. “Meat is expensive, Veg is cheap and you ate the pie this morning for breakfast, which was gross by the way.”
But this was so unlike Cas, Lisa he had kind of seen it coming but Cas?
He soon started running better than ever and with 2 weeks to go till the Olympic selection he could see his dream coming into place. And then the car hit him on a training run, going 20 over the speed limit. It was a miracle he had survived.
“When am I on dialysis again?”
“I overheard him on the phone. He said he loved them. Then he lied to me. To my face. They are going away together this weekend.”
“Yeah, he’s in a lot of pain. His back was bad last night and its no better this morning. He says he wants to stay in bed, but I think its something more than that, its like… His back never stopped him before, you know how stubborn he is, but honestly this morning it’s like he doesn’t want to face the world.”
“Dean…” Cas protested next to him.
Don’t get me wrong, not everything was perfect, nothing ever is, but as far as life went for Dean and Cas, it didn’t get much better than this.
“It’s… it’s nothing. We’ll talk about it over the weekend.”
“Oh, you are, are you?” Dean said with raised eyebrow.
“I was wondering, maybe if we could invite more people tonight?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, you’re back?” Cas asked confused, snapping Dean out of it as he stepped into the kitchen. They hadn’t actually been stood in the same room as each other for months and now it was stifling.
“Are you calling me old?” Dean huffed.
“Are you sure he’s up to it? I don’t want to risk his health…”
“So what do we do about this?”
“So, when will the next course start, do we need to continue with dialysis?” The unusually organised Gabriel started firing off the questions.
Gabriel and Sam sat in the corridor outside Cas’ room waiting for their turn to see him. Jody and Dean were in there with him right now and as much as Gabriel was itching to be in there, he knew he wasn’t what his little brother needed right now.
“No, we’re out why?”
“August.” Cas nodded firmly. “Not too hot, not too cold, not too much rain.”
It was 10am by the time Dean had breakfast ready for Cas. As he trotted back up the stairs wearily there was no sign of Gabriel waking up. If the older Novak’s sleeping pattern was anything to go by, then he wouldn’t arise for maybe another 2 hours.
Jody had searched the house top to bottom, but as expected Cas wasn’t there. She’d asked all the neighbours to call her if they saw him come back, and since then they had been driving for hours, checking bars, motels, taxicab and bus stations.
……………………………
Dean sat in the car, engine running, his hands clenching on the steering wheel. He watched the emotions run across first his brother’s face and then Gabriel’s as they filled in by Jody.
“It’s too much.”
When Dean returned 5 minutes later he had a suitcase in his hand and was marching towards the door.
When he’d gone into a brief period of remission they’d gone back to dating until they settled back together as a couple. Dean was no longer managing the garage, it had nearly killed him to do it, but, well… Balthazar turned out to be a great manager and Dean could go back to being a great Mechanic. The business was thriving, Dean and Cas were happy again for the first time in forever, but of course it couldn’t last.
Dean is not supposed to be the bad guy in this chapter... It's more Cas been utterly useless at communicating and Jody certainly makes an error of judgement in this situation. Sorry guys but this is about to be pretty heart wrenching.
“I didn’t want to worry you.”
When he’d hired a few hands to pick up the extra work, Dean realised he could finally go back to normal hours. He could go home… Or, he could do the thing he’d been missing all this time. His old job. He could come in earlier, help the guys out and then pop down again until close up.
“I didn’t want to worry him.”
“Pie, for breakfast is not gross, its perfect.” Dean protested. “No eating out, no pie, no bacon. If I didn’t know you loved me I would think you were trying to kill me.”
“Well he did Gabriel. Why would Dean lie?”
“Cassie, darling, you can’t live like this not knowing.” Zar said, wrapping his fingers around Cas’. “As much as I hope to God, this was all some big misunderstanding and my little power couple can get back to normal, even if it isn’t you need to know so when you’re better you can move on with your life.”
“Shhh. It’s ok sweetheart, I know, I know you didn’t.” Dean soothed, pulling the blanket tighter around the desperate man and rocking him gently.
ill. Very ill. But you already know that much.” Gabriel said with a sigh. “Me and Balthazar are looking after him. The DOD training weekend
“Your eyes are very pretty Dean. I don’t tell you that nearly enough.” Cas muttered.
“I’ll be damned and the asshole is divorcing Cas when he’s got bloody cancer.”
“Is he ok? I mean… none of us had heard from him since he collapsed on his shift. Did the Doctors tell you what’s wrong? I don’t mean to pry but we all miss him and…”
“I don’t want the treatment Gabriel.”
Gabriel sighed, but conceded. “Thanks, Balthy.”
…………………………………
“What are you on about?” Dean asked, confused at the anger directed towards him. “Come in and sit down, I think I’m missing something here.”
“Cas!” Dean pawed him, lightly, over the back of the head.
Sam shook his head.
“Yes, you need to sack that accountant.”
At breakfast word had spread to the rest of his friends that his new celly was Castiel. They wanted to know everything. Dean had some questions of his own too. He had been too scared to even attempt to start a conversation with Castiel on his own after barking orders at him. He was surprised he still had all his finger nails and teeth.
He wanted it. He wanted Cas to ruin him in so many ways he knew and probably ways he never even thought of. Dean felt his orgasm building in the pit of his stomach, bit his lips so hard he could taste the copper. Cas didn’t ease up once he caught on, pushing Dean over the edge with one last sentence,
“You have done that Gabriel, more than once.”
I want your mouth in my ass.” He replied completely submitting to the Russian and whatever the hell he wanted as long as Dean got to cum and Cas’ mouth was the reason for it. He was aching for this all the way in his freakin’ bone marrow at this stage.
They filled their summer on the road in Dean’s car. Most people got summer jobs, earning money to tie them over and sustain them for the next academic year. Cas and Dean had a different plan, re-opening their str8laced_unlaced account and reaping it for all its worth. After buying a new couch, second hand from a charity shop they saved every dollar that wasn’t spent on paying for cheap motel rooms and gas. They sub-let their apartment so that was taken care of which meant the only thing they had to worry about was about the content of their next video.
“Touch me Dean, I want you to,” he slips out pressing his mouth into Dean’s neck before he says something stupid to possibly ruin this.
“Listen here assbut,” he pokes Dean in the chest, hard. Did he just call Dean an assbut? He can tell he’s angry. His voice is deeper however humanly possible. “almost every night since you’ve moved in here, I’ve had to suffer through your incessant music. Do you have any idea what time it is?”
His words were sweet, but his deliver was anything but, laced in venom, frustrated with Dean.
The next passing was like the others. Dean with Charlie, playing cards with Charlie’s new deck. He had been learning black jack from the boys, picking it up too easily. Being good at math lent itself well to counting cards. If they were allowed to gamble, Charlie would be raking in the money by now.
Play. Dean couldn’t help the flush spreading over his chest and up his neck. They hadn’t played in a couple of days, between driving and exhaustion, the most they could manage was quick blowjobs and frantic frottage. It took Cas a week into their road trip to set up some ground rules for this part of their relationship, the side that put Cas in control. Boundaries were important, to stop the lines blurring between them. It made it safe.
He stared up at the ceiling, counting the seconds after the lightening to see how close it was. It was what he and Sam used to do as kids. Count the seconds till the thunder came and that was how far away the lightening was to them. This was close, Dean only managing to count to five or six at most before another loud rumble of thunder rolled in.
He could just leave Cas in there. They’re at least twenty miles from their homes. He could just walk to his car, get in and drive off. That’ll show Cas. To hell with Cas and everything about him.
They eat in silence. It’s not widely uncomfortable, a little awkward when they both reach for the onion rings or chili cheese fries. Jessica had warned Castiel not to try to talk to Dean until he had finished eating.
He worked in silence, could feel Cas’ eyes on him as he dapped the cuts on his knuckles with anti-septic, took out some dirt that was in there. He remembered Sam doing this for him, in Purgatory and out. His fists bloody from fights. That anger getting him into trouble constantly. Revenge fueled rage that permeated his very being. They spent most of their life seeking it, the rush when they got it, the finality of it all. They knew chances where they’d land themselves in prison, they didn’t care. It was everything to them. Now when someone wronged Dean, wronged someone he gave a shit about he had to do something about it. It was inked into him like Cas’ tattoos, a permanent fixture.
Anna slings back the shot. “Can we not go down memory lane
Cas pumped him slowly, watching as Dean’s cock slipped in and out of his fist. He was torn from looking at his cock or looking at Cas. His friend looked entranced at what he was doing to Dean, his tongue peeking out of his parted lips, brows furrowed and pupil starting to take up more space in his eye. Cas was turned on, seriously turned on.
“Let me guess, you’ll kill me?” Cas interrupted him, eyes fixated on Dean, not one bit intimidated by the bad boy attitude that seemed to have resurfaced. Cas knew now what Dean looked like, what he sounded like, what he tasted like. He licked his lips, catching the lasting pieces of Dean’s cum, making sure Dean saw it before he left, slamming Cas’ door behind him that it shook a picture frame.
When they got to the dining room there was a gathering of shouting and roaring inmates. They pushed their way through to get to the front to see what was going on. Once Dean got a view, he could see it was Cas and Gabriel going at it behind where they serve the food.
“Plan on being any less of a goat this week.” Cas mumbled under his breath.
Castiel has done enough of talking to strangers for one day. Deciding to grab his headphones, play an old audiobook of his to help drown out the music, it works. He eats the cookies and gives himself a food coma from it. Just about managing to crawl into his bed across the room and drifting off to sleep.
“You want to watch it on the bed?” he asked.
Balthazar chuckled. “
When he feels Cas drop his head on top of Dean’s he sinks further into the side of Cas’ body and is out like a light.
“Not bad at all.” There was surprise in his tone.
They went into the kitchen, Dean leaned against the counter as Cas brought down the whiskey from up above the fridge Gabriel had been looking for at Claire’s birthday party.
He didn’t see the sleaze ball encroaching from behind, but Crowley sat down on their table.
“What in God’s name did you say to her?”
“You left your door open.” Dean replied, eyes fixated on the ground.
“Hey sweetheart.” Dean put his hand over his kid’s hair. The hair-tie was gone, mane loose and to the wind. That was going to be a pain to untangle later. He just hoped she took it out recently and not actually during class hours. Dean couldn’t cope with another letter in her bag.
Dean is still, dry mouth parted in a state of slight shock. His hand holding where Castiel has pinched him under his flannelled shirt.
“Work with me here.” Dean huffs as he shimmies Cas’ jeans down, taking his socks with him. Cas grumbles again, this time he hears it.
“Yeah Dean is home, he’s right here. Why didn’t you tell him you were sick?”
Cas nodded his understanding, but his eyes didn’t move from the spot on the wall. It was over. He’d ruined everything, lost everything. It was all his fault and worst of all he’d hurt Dean.
………………………..
Anna giggled. “Probably slept in. He was so happy when you took on the morning shifts that he nearly threw a party.”
“I agree Cas, I'm not going to keep things from you, but just know that if you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to.”
“Anna.” Sam smiled. “As you can see my brother and brother in law have been having some communication issues of late. Would you mind explaining to me what happened again in full?”
“No quite the opposite. I was just surprised. I’m sorry do continue.”
He picked up the phone. No answer.
Dean looked horrified and opened the fridge. “Why is there so little meat?” He protested. Then his voice dropped an octave. “Why is there so much veg?” finally he turned around eyes wide. “Where’s the pie!”
“I suppose I just finally opened my eyes and realised that the perfect little thing we had going was all a lie.”
“Dean, why are you here?”
“I don’t know. I ran away when I was 14. Gabriel?”
“We’ll go home Cas, soon but we’re going to the hospital first.” Cas tensed in Dean’s arms. “Don’t worry I’m coming with you, I’m not leaving you, not for a second.”
“You’re still letting your parents brainwash you with that shit.”
“I know Gabriel. I know Cas wouldn’t lie! I love him and I’m not trying to upset him, but he needed to say it. He needed to admit it to himself and to me, ok?” Dean grunted back. “It’s the only way things are going to get better.”
“No, not yet.”
Cas sighed angrily and started to calculate how much this overdraft was going to cost them in interest and then emailed his boss pleading for more hours.
“Cas would never cheat on Dean.” Gabriel scoffed. “You have met the 40-year-old virgin right?”
“I… Yes, I think so.” Gabriel said shakily. Dean growled, but not at the older Novak, it wasn’t his fault.
“That’s my boy. Now let’s see those gorgeous eyes of yours, don’t let them close.” Dean said lifting Cas’ chin so they were staring at each other’s faces.
“I know you will Sam, thank you.” Dean smiled broadly. Cas could have no one better fighting his case if he wasn't family, the fact that he was only meant Sam would fight more fiercely than he ever had done for any client.
“Atlanta?” How was he going to get to Atlanta, it was at least 9 hours away?
“Castiel. I need you to tell me the truth now.” Dean said seriously. “Did someone at O’Malley’s have sex with you against your will, without your consent?”
“I can’t Jody, please, please don’t make me. I just want to go home, Dean has to hear it from me.”
“It’s ok. If he calls back just leave it. Don’t call him again.”
“What do you mean?”
Sam did so and sat on the sofa.
…………………….
So, he asked him as much. “Why are you crying?”
Cas looked up at their new home in awe. It was, in a word, perfect. It had a little bit of both of them in the layout; the modern, airy, open plan that Cas loved with just enough rustic to make Dean feel at home.
His eyes slipped shut but was quickly jerked back by a knock on the door.
“Bobby, Cas is missing.”
Cas cried himself to sleep on that night, alone in the apartment, lying awake well into the early hours. Then his alarm went off and he realised, that he hadn’t actually slept at all.
“He begged me not to take him to the hospital, so I let him sleep it off at mine and then took him home in the morning, I thought Dean would look after him, convince him to go to the hospital, but well, I doubt Cas expressed himself very well and Dean assumed Cas had cheated and think you can guess the rest.”
“Jesus Christ, Cas!” Jake hopped over the desk and knelt down by Castiel. “Castiel!” Cas was grey and a little yellowish, unmoving and breathing heavily, skin sheened in sweat.
“Yeah, I know, I’ve been wearing myself a bit thin and got the flu. I’m going to go home and rest till I’m recovered. Can I go now?”
“I’m going to kill that doctor.” Dean growled. “After I throttle myself everyday for the rest of entirety for not being tehre for you. I can’t believe Sam and Eileen noticed before I did.”
Maybe Dean would have better luck getting him to come to his senses. Dean had some sort of power over Cas and visa versa that no one else could achieve. They’d do nearly anything the other said. Hopefully that would mean Dean could get him to go to the hospital, get treated and most importantly give evidence.
“Its ok Cas.”
“How Cas is coping?” Dean repeated in disbelief.
“I would like to change my name… to Winchester.”
“Don’t remind me.”
“If Gabriel’s right, I think I know where he might have gone.”
“Of course, Cassie, what is it? What did it say?”
“I understand thank you.” Castiel said before his brother could say any more.
“Please don’t Jody.”
“I know.” Gabriel sighed. “So, this weekend I booked you in at the clinic. What time should I get you?”
“And you’re usually the sceptic.” Cas huffed.
“Ok.”
“If you wanted, I mean if we both wanted…”
“Thank you, Jody.”
Dean smiled softly. There was no point starting an argument but there was no way he wasn’t going to pay Cas back. They’d needed every penny they had for the mortgage deposit, which had come out of Cas’ considerable savings. His family had been rich after all. The issue was the repayments, it was really going to cripple them until the business got back on its feet.
“What’s going on here.” Jake said walking in finally to see what the disturbance was.
“How long till we’ll know for certain?” Dean asked.
“Dean!” Sam demanded, and Dean thrust a phone into his hands.
"Nope."
“Yeah?”
She could almost see in his eyes the moment in which the memories came flooding back and his face filled with barely concealed emotions.
“Well then you can share mine!” Dean smiled, rubbing his nose against Cas’ in an eskimo kiss.
Dean chuckled, pulling away from his brother. “Ok, understood.”
“Then what’s wrong? Why don’t you want him to know?” Gabriel demanded.
“Dean what is it?” Gabriel asked, trying not to hope.
“I know, but I need you Gabriel.”
“I love you more.” Cas said with a mischievous smile.
“I’ll try.” Cas nodded, allowing Dean to gently help him sit up. “For you.”
But when he arrived home, Cas wasn’t there. It was lunchtime, he should have finished his shift at the gas and sip. Of course, he’s have gone back to bed. Dean smiled as he opened the fridge and saw his lunch was there, readymade, just like every day. He sat down to eat. Cas would be exhausted at the end of a long week, he could wait till he woke up to share the news.
Cas grasped the letter nervously. Opening it slowly and reading it twice before putting it away again. His face was blank and his shoulders sagged, a tear tracked down his cheek.
“Again.” The voice asked gently.
“Hey Cassie, stop that.” Zar walked back in. “You know that’s not true, your friends love you. And regards that divorce, it might not be even happening.”
“Is everything alright in here?” One of them asked, then noticed the phone. “You can’t use that in here I’m afraid Sir.”
Jody sighed and thought through the options. Cas needed hospital, they needed evidence to find the scum that did this… but Castiel was out of it, he was scared and confused, and she could only think of one person who would be able to get him to do anything right now and that was Dean.
Cas nodded weakly.
“… I have to go away this weekend… It’s a compulsory training thing.” Cas said, but Dean could see it. Even if he hadn’t heard the phone call earlier he knew when Cas was lying.
“Anytime Cas.”
“Dean, our apartment is 40 minutes from here… Is that Sam’s car?” He asked in confusion as they pulled into the driveway of a house Cas had never seen before.
“Gabriel stop it.” Cas yelled at the other end of the phone and suddenly everyone was silent. Dean heard angry whispers, but couldn’t make out the words.
“Sam this is Cas we are talking about, he doesn’t go on benders…”
Dean had, had a good day. The business was running well and now he reckoned he could work regular hours even including those extra he put in in the garage. Ok, more than a few more hours in the garage, but he’d missed it so much and it had really brought his head back into a good place. Now he felt better and he missed Cas so much.
Cas sighed and pushed his last quarter around the bar. He
“Ok, stay on the line Dean, I’m in the car on the way to Cas’ right now. Go find Sam then put me on so I can explain to him.”
All he wanted, all he needed was this, to be touched by Cas, coaxing him back to some kind of reality that wasn’t darkness and nothingness. Cas was going to resurrect him tonight.
It wasn’t painfully awkward being in silence with Dean, probably helped Dean was pre-occupied with smoking. At least one of them was doing something. Dean had an oddly calming presence when he wasn’t two seconds away from giving Cas a black eye. He was leaning back, one leg outstretched and appeared not to have a care in the world. Cas wondered how true that was though.
He was still unsure on how much he could trust Cas with that part of himself yet, to let Cas in on his sexuality and more importantly his feelings for the man who was looking up at him with what Dean could only describe as regret.
Benny lifted the canister, rested it on the ground carefully. “I don’t ask questions.”
Sam scurried off to his bedroom. A wide smile on his face and warm fuzzy feelings inside of him. His brother had someone after all. He had Cas.
“You wanted
“I need to anoint you before you can see my castle.” Charlie told them. She ran inside to grab her foam sword. Cas tilted his head at Dean unsure what was happening.
Step four, talk to Dean. Jessica didn’t give much direction on this part, so he’s left to his own devices on how to communicate, which was not one of his strong suits. He joins Dean on looking at the floor instead of him hoping that helps.
“Maybe.” He lets a small smile out careful not to give straight answers even if straight answers were Castiel’s default. Dean sighs and grabs his keys for his front door. Castiel walks back to his opened apartment door with Dean in tow. Step one, getting Dean out of his apartment and into his, complete.
A silence fell, followed by a sharp gasp from Cas as Dean’s mouth wrapped around the head of his cock. Heat swarmed him. He looked down, not able to help himself, drawn into his friend’s pouted pink lips around his cock. A hum vibrated from Dean, shaking Cas to his core. “Oh—” he cut out before he said Dean’s name.
“Wait, you knew?”
“Yes,” Cas answered. His hand reached down to touch the wound. “A long time ago.”
“Was my Dad’s.”
Cas moved himself off of Dean, resting to the side of him with his good hand free to do what it wished. He ran it over Dean’s body gently. Ghost like touches over his chest and stomach making Dean squirm a little, so responsive to his fingers. Cas stored away spots that Dean found ticklish, that made his cock twitch, that gave him sinful whispers of moans. He took his time. Memorizing each one for a later date. He shifted his attention to under Dean’s naval, he rested his hand there, an inch from Dean’s erection and spoke,
“You’re welcome.” Cas smirked, slightly chuffed with himself for parenting Dean. He put on the black one, tied it around his back and then around the front in a double knot. Dean mimicked it then went back to his phone to retrieve the recipe. He discarded the notifications from Bumble.
“Whatever you say Cassie.” He took a sip of the shimmering drink then joined Cas in leaning against the countertop.
“Can we talk?” Dean asked. He pulled up the chair from the desk, turned it around to straddle it. Now a bit closer to the guy he can see some of his tattoos. A rose wrapped in barbed wire was the nearest one too him. The hand he lifted up to Zachariah had a skull on it with sharp canines. Prison tattoos.
It looked like heated words were exchanged between the two and that was enough to get Cas moving. Whatever he had interrupted he didn’t mean to, though seeing Dean outside of school was rare, considering he had been away all week. There was relief Dean at least still existed on this plain. He was past the diner, about the turn left when Dean called out to him.
Unless…
“No,” Dean shook his head, walking out, “No, not a chance Cas, this is not happening.”
“Yeah, well if you get these damn pajamas on I can burrito you with that duvet of yours.” He throws the top over Cas’ face. Cas pulls it off, suddenly alert.
“Sleep on me.” Nope, he heard it right.
“That sounds a bit on the light side,” Gabriel places his card over the machine to pay. “You trying to swing for a free cherry pie, is that it?”
He picked up another donut, shoved it into his mouth whole.
“Looks terrifying.” Sam replied.
Appreciate the surge of love for this AU, getting notifications while at work is honestly the best feeling. Sorry its a bit of a waiting game with the updates. You're a patient bunch haha x
It made sense to Dean now. The way Cas looked at him, that confusion plastering his face when Dean mentioned his brother and Balthazar. Cas had no clue, assumed Dean did it because he wanted to not because he was made to do it. A part of him did want it though.
“I know,” Dean interrupted him, hands taking Cas’ face just for this one moment before they continued.  “I trust you man.”
“Depends on how I’m feeling.” Cas replied casually and left, not wanting to be late for art.
He blinked back whatever was happening to his eyes. Keep it together Winchester.
The pet name coming from his lips seemed to stir something in Dean. His eyes opening up to look at Cas, glassy and green, completely earnest and longing. It pulled at Cas heart strings, how unfamiliar Dean was to hearing people calling him beautiful or claiming ownership of him. Who wouldn’t want to own him? Cherish him and all his spectacularly submissions. He was such a beautiful boy and Cas wanted nothing more than for Dean to be his. The moment he had been waiting for arrived.
The first being spending the majority of the day with old memories. It’s hard for Castiel not to associate the adults in front of him with the children they used to be. The years had changed them all and yet seeing Anna’s red hair, hearing Balthazar call him Cassie and he’s ten years old again, broken and frightened and clinging to dreams that never came true.
When they eventually pulled away Dean opened his eyes up to see Cas staring at him, bright blue eyes filled with such affection he never saw before in him. Affection for Dean.
“Keep moving Winchester, I don’t gots all day.” Another shove from the guard.
“Yeah I wanted to say sorry you know for Wednesday when I…” Dean trails off. He’s not good with words, meaningful words anyway.
He buried his head in his pillow, trying to figure out how the hell he was supposed to act like Cas’ friend when he knew what he sounded like when he comes. He needed to forget about Cas, had to for his own sake if he was ever going to keep him as a friend. If Cas just wanted friendship, he’d have to replace his fantasies and quick. To get over someone, he needed to get under someone else.
give you, do you understand?”
“It was unspecified.” He drags the word out on an exhale. Again, tipsy or not, hard to tell.
His voice started to crack as the thoughts of what they’d do to him if his truth came out made their way to the front of his brain. If Alastair knew he was attracted to men, if anyone knew he was. They’d destroy him. There would be nothing left of him. The thought of them knowing terrified Dean to his very core. Cas shushed him, thumbs soothing around his face sensing his growing anxiety.
“Daddy! Let’s go, let’s go!” Charlie bounced up and down in her spot. Claire joined in, reaching for Cas’ hand and yanking it towards the back garden. He went, stumbling a little, jolting him back to reality.
He stirs awake again, this time in the morning, sun coming in lighting up his apartment. His hangover is brewing under the surface. Dean’s breath is slow and steady on his hair, still asleep or dosing Castiel can’t be certain. He tries not to move, enjoying the closeness.
“I’m good,” Sam stepped to the side of Masters. “Thanks.” Ever the polite brother.
He brought his hands up, one foot in front of the other, ready. “I’m gonna fight.”
This time when he answers the door, he’s ready.
“C’mon then sweetheart.” He replied, whisking her petite body towards the sitting room.
“So am I.” He tried to push again. This time Dean wrapped a hand around Cas wrist, hard.
He didn’t wait for a response, just licked a wet strip up Dean’s shaft and lapped at his head. A moan escaped him when he tasted pre-cum already. For someone who got blow jobs weekly Dean sure did look like he was close to cumming already. It only spurred Cas on, knowing Dean was as turned as he was.
With a sigh, Cas obeys, sitting on his ends and before he can really register what is happening, Dean’s got his legs over Cas’ legs, locking him in place. His arms and legs completely restrained by Dean.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas’ breath heated up his face.
“M’close.”
“Dean-o!” Gabriel called out. “Was wondering when you’d show up, I was starting to get worried. I’ve been standing here with Cas for half an hour already.”
“Yes, I think so. I didn’t mean to hurt you Dean. I would never want to do that, intentionally. I may, however, still insult you by accident.”
He reaches for Cas’ shirt and pulls him closer to Dean so he can hear this loud and clear. “You’ve been with Gabriel the entire time we’ve been - whatever the hell we’ve been doing, and you never told me Cas,” his grip in Cas’ shirt is starting to loosen as he speaks. “I don’t know – fuck – I like you Cas and I thought maybe you liked me or something, then I see you with him, all touchy feely and…” He begins angry, then it falters into sadness. The more the words come out, the more Cas’ eyes are on him he feels smaller and smaller. He can’t even finish what he was going to say.
“Details
“What did I do?” he asks, like he doesn’t even know. Cas doesn’t reply, just starts to walk down the hall but is stopped by Dean’s strong grip. He pushes Cas into the wall and Cas starts to fight against it. It’s no use. “Tell me.” Dean insists.
“We can’t do it here.”
Growing up in the orphanage he had learned a few other tricks, he cranes higher to reach for the phone, distracting Dean enough to pinch Dean just below his armpit with his other hand. It isn’t hard, just enough to shock Dean and it works.
I seriously need to stop with the cliffhangers...or do I? ;)
“Don’t tempt me Dean.” Cas warned with slight playfulness.
“It’s tomorrow, short notice I know but…” Cas looked through Dean, trailing off in what looked like an unpleasant memory.
“Cas…” Dean sounded small.
Cas hitched his breath on the impact. Hot slicked tongue ran along his shaft causing him to take a fist of the comforter beside him to hold onto something that wasn’t Dean. He held that hitched breath till Dean started his descend back down bringing his tongue to the base of his cock. It was slow, tentative. He could sense Dean taking his time, making sure he did it right, listening to the order perfectly.
“I can gag it, if you want.” He replied.
I tried to save it at the end but who the hell knows. This chapter was an emotional rollercoaster. Me and this chapter were not friends but we made it through and on the home stretch for an adorable smutty finish, stay tuned x
“Do me a favour
His other hand released as his orgasm built inside of him. He grabbed a handful of Dean’s hair, soft just as he suspected. Dean did too, tugged on Cas’ black mess and Cas cursed aloud. He was becoming a lost cause.
It was good though Cas’ coffee still won that round.
God, Cas’ hand looked seriously good over his boxers, the low light made it even hotter, like they were doing something in secret, that no one was supposed to see.
Cas turned to look at him, anger returning to his eyes. Dean had overstepped the mark again. That was pretty clear as Cas descended onto him, hand reaching for Dean’s chest to shove him back into the metal shelf. Dean went with it, not putting up a fight with the Russian. He knew enough to know that he had to just go with whatever Cas wanted if he wanted to get out of this storeroom alive.
He dropped Benny back to the Roadhouse after that. They kissed goodbye, the slight taste of cum still on both their lips and Benny said he hoped Dean would call on him again if he was up for some fun or just a friend to watch a game with.
in any other way than he thought? That when Dean was around Cas, he found it hard to concentrate, and all the times Dean had been around Cas at that point he managed to be the flirty little shit he tended to be around people he wanted to bone.
As the time passes it becomes harder to not let the coldness come back into him.
“Well,” Dean gulped, his voice slightly cracking, confidence fading, something more vulnerable growing, “Let me do it my way, ok?”
Dean decided to play along, nudged Cas with his shoulder. “He has you there, buddy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You tell anyone about this I’ll…”
It didn’t take long for Cas to come up behind him. Russian inked arms wrapped around his waist, pulling him into his chest. This was it. Cas claiming Dean, a display to show Gordon he wasn’t allowed touch Dean if he knew what was good for him.
“What?” Dean took his eyes off the tattoos, missing the question. “Am I…?”
When the cold water hit him, he welcomed it. It helped distract him from yet another mind-blowing orgasm curtesy of his best friend. His best friend who was a dude, a gay dude. Thing was though everything about Cas had started to change in Dean's mind,
Dean just hushes him, clearly in no rush and Cas regrets ever letting Dean Winchester into his life because he’s a tyrant and Cas doesn’t do small and precious, he doesn’t but then Dean licks the shell of his ear and he whispers, “Be good for me angel.”
“Lemme see.” Ash reaches for Dean’s wrist.
Cas nods. “Yes, I’m asking you. Will you kiss me Dean?”
Cas noticed what he was doing, eyes blown watching as he took in Dean digging in deep to the bruises. He moved Dean’s hand away and all Dean wanted to do was complain. He glared at Cas for not letting him do what he wanted but Cas shook his head like he wasn’t allowed to do that. There were no rules about touching yourself. There were no rules at all really, except first one to make a noise loses and winner gets whatever he wanted.
Cas put his hand back in his hair, this time soft and placid. Dean sighed into it, happy and sated. His hand reached up to give his own touch to the Russian, deciding to trace his finger over the outline of the Madonna holding a baby. Cas relaxed into it eventually. Something told Dean he wasn’t used to these kinds of touches.
Zachariah chuckled enjoying this mute Dean that wasn’t going to react to being provoked even if his blood was starting to boil.
He was totally
The Russian nodded. He noticed Dean had yet to take his hat and coat off and put his cup on Dean’s tray. Black coffee he could smell, steam still rising from it. “To warm you up.”
“Sure sweetheart.” Dean released her from his grip. Bella walked back towards the stairs to attend to her friend who Cas had made up. “Cas what was—”
. It’s over.” The last thing he remembered seeing was cold blue then fade to black.
“Oh, I don’t know, he says that sometimes.” Dean shrugged. He never paid much attention to it probably because he had other things on his mind, a shiv to his throat, an erection to hide. Sam nodded. No doubt his little brother would find out exactly what it meant.
“Come in Jessica.” He stands up from behind his desk. She comes in, bag on her shoulder, blonde hair tied back off her face. Jessica sits on the chair opposite him about to take out her notebook to listen to the notes Castiel has made on part of her draft. She knows he isn’t one for idle chat, likes to get to the point of the meeting and not waste time. This time was going to be different, awkward, for both of them.
Dean starts to lean into it, chasing Castiel’s thumb. He’s enjoying it. Castiel is too, such a small touch, their first touch and its sending Castiel’s mind into overdrive.
He followed after a moment to see his friend splayed out on the couch. Hair more of a mess than usual, navy soft bottoms and a white t-shirt. It had riled up a bit, letting some skin show above the waistband, dark hairs that had Dean’s fingers itching to touch. It would be easy for Dean to climb on top of him, rest his head on Cas’ chest. He wondered if maybe Cas would play with his hair. He liked when he did it before, more so than when other people had done it.
Cas is pulling and he’s going with him. Dammit he’s totally going to hell for this, solely based on the fact that Cas is too drunk to register the significance of what he’s asking.
His brother started to usher him towards the door to leave.
Cas.” He groaned when Cas pressed his palm to his groin. “If you wanna hear me cum, you might wanna get this show on the road.”
“Jesus Cas,” He gasps. “You gotta stop doing that.” Castiel debates telling him his name is Castiel, not Cas but he doesn’t. It sounds nice the way Dean says it. Others had attempted to call him Cas in the past and were unsuccessful. Someone at the orphanage tried to make Cassie a thing, it lasted a day. Dean’s got his clothes in his hands looking at Castiel like a deer in headlights. He realises he’s doing the staring thing again and moves to a free washing machine. The less he stares at Dean, the better.
after all. Might as well check up on how well its performing, comments, suggestions, the advert in the beginning of it and well Cas’ hand on his dick too, he supposed he should check that out too. For future possible porn videos of course.
Dean gave up being normal and winked at his friend, hoping that would send the message.
“I would like to talk to you about something, about someone, my neighbor.” He stutters out ineloquently. Even talking about Dean makes him flustered. Jessica snaps her head up to him and crosses and uncrosses her legs. She wasn’t expecting this.
The Impala is parked on a dirt track off the road. He can’t drive when he’s angry and he’s angry. His hands grip right onto the steering wheel to ground him but it’s no use. Cas keeps going and going.
“You got shot.”
. That’s a name he hadn’t heard in a while. One of the only serious relationships Dean had when he tried to have an apple pie life. He wasn’t built for that kind of life and it didn’t last, obviously.
Dean shrugged like it was no big deal. “I can handle…”
I’m so close.” He stuttered out, head sliding from his elbow due to hanging low between his shoulders. Cas reached out to get a hold of Dean’s aching cock that had been neglected for far too long. He whined at the touch, at how there was so much Cas he couldn’t really keep up with it. He let himself open an eye to see Cas’ hand around his cock, like it was made for the man.
“Hit me.” Charlie said to Dean.
When he’d milked Cas for all he had, Dean climbed up Cas’ body to settle on top of him.
The tension eased up some more. That was the main thing that Dean had been concerned about. He had also been concerned his want in keeping it somewhat a secret wasn’t a sign that he didn’t want Cas. Cas made no sign that that was the case. After that it was smooth sailing. Cas and he agreed on pretty much everything. They’d continue as they always had, friends, and keeping their daughter’s friendship blossoming, then whenever the opportunity for more adult related things arose, they’d take advantage of it. It all seemed pretty simple and they were in the same boat about not looking for anything serious at the moment, their priorities were on raising their kids. This was merely a scratch they could both itch together, a scratch they wanted to itch together more importantly.
“Really?”
Dean groaned. “Oh, that’s not playing fair!”
Cas looked up into worried green eyes as he was pulled in close, a kiss pressed into his hair and a blanket was wrapped tightly around him. Those beautiful eyes, shining and green and as deep as the forest he was laid in… He’d never thought he’d see them again.
“I can’t remember the last time I was ok Dean." Cas admitted sadly. "Between my parents, coming out, my accident and then this… I think you’re right, I haven’t been ok since I was a child and you, you are the light in my life, enough for me to feel like all my problems were solved, but really they are were just buried. They were always there even when I thought I was fine and the moment I lost you I lost my reason to live.”
“He’s struggling too, there’s no point worrying him with it and we haven’t actually seen each other face to face for a few weeks. I go to bed before he gets home and one of us always leaves before the other wakes up…”
While Dean filled up Baby, Sam gathered all of Dean’s usual junk food into a basket along with some slightly less fattening food for himself. He’d had made it to the checkout where there was a pretty red headed girl behind the counter by the time Dean made it inside. She started scanning the items and packing them into a carrier, while Dean inspected Sam’s choices with scrutiny.
Gabriel paused a second, trying to hold back a tear. “Yeah Dean, I do.”
“Sorry Cassie.”
“No of course, I understand, do you want me to go round to his?”
“Thank you for the other day, I’d really missed you Gabe.”
“Err yeah.”
“Can we call Bobby, ping his cell?”
“Sam was there when I picked up your bag. He gave me this, to give to you, from Dean.” Gabriel said with trepidation. After hearing Cas’ story, he had no idea what could be in that envelope. He just hoped whatever it was it would confirm things either way and stopped the worry.
“Cas, you can ask me anything?”
Cas shook his head.
“Do you need a kidney transplant? You can have mine, you can have both of mine.” Den said, getting up and moving close to his husband, warping him in strong arms.
“Yes quite.”
“Dean, how could you let him go back to work? It’s barely been a week!”
……………………………
“You are the official owner.” Cas corrected, pulling him into a hug.
“I’m… ss.” Cas started. “Sssorry ssssir.” Cas slurred, his mouth felt heavy and numb, he could barely keep his eyes open. What was happening? His vision faded in and out.
“See, stop worrying.” Dean said, clearly in a rush to get off the phone. There was the sound of whirring machinery in background.
“None of this was your fault Dean.”
“Dean?”
“He doesn’t know. Cas doesn’t want to tell him.”
“Don’t tell Dean.” It was his first thought. Dean couldn’t know.
“Honey you were raped.” Jody’s voice broke through his addled mind.
“I’m your brother
Gabe was on food run when his phone rang. If Cas had to stay in hospital for the foreseeable furture then he was sure as hell going to make sure his brother was well fed.
“No.”
“Where you heading?” The driver asked.
Cas blushed before he continued. “He finally told me he could work regular hours when I came home from hospital. Told me, that I could quit at the gas and sip and He even asked me to dinner this weekend. It made me think that maybe I was wrong, maybe he did still love me, but then he got mad at me when I said I had DOD training this weekend and left. He didn’t come home again after that. He must be with him… or her. Probably her.”
“I’m calling an ambulance.” Anna said, phone pressed shakily to her ear.
The cold wasn’t a comfort anymore. The sun had set long ago and the dark and the cold of the night had sucked him away from his pain and his torment. It had been nice at first. He certainly hadn’t expected to wake up, but something gentle, something warm and soft, yet a little rough at the same time brushed repeatedly across his cheek pulled him out of the dark.
“Let’s wait for the doctor and then I’ll get you discharged.”
……………………………………….
Dean looked shocked and hurt in equal measure. “Cas, if were to tell you right now that I cheated on you, that I loved someone else, you would honestly consider staying with me?”
“Cas…”
“What about Charlie and Kevin?”
“Thank you. And you will you stop trying to hide your bloody tissues in the trash, the doctor told me you were coughing up blood.”
“Hey! No falling asleep on me ok? I need you to stay awake, can you do that please? For me?” Dean soothed.
“Hi Baby bro.” Cas heard his brother’s voice as he picked up the phone.
“If you want me to be here, I’ll be here Cas. If you need me to leave, I’ll do that too and if you at any point feel you need to stop, we’ll stop. Ok? You’re in control, you just need to talk to us.”
“Breathing sounds fine. I’ll prescribe you some antivirals, your symptoms are fairly obvious. Make sure you are eating and drinking enough and come back if it continues for more than a week.”
“I understand Cas, I do. I just hate that you’re hurt, and I hate that it is at least partially my fault.”
Cas woke up from his slumber feeling somehow more tired than before. The surgery had been successful, the doctor was optimistic, but there was still this massive hole inside of him that could only be filled by one thing… one person.
“We need a Cat Dean!” Cas wined, in fun.
……………………………..
“What? She cheat on you or something?”
“So, Cas isn’t cheating on me?”
“It’s worth a shot, but I imagine the… the people at the bar took all his valuables. But I never checked, so he may still have it.”
“You are getting treatment. I’m paying. That’s final.”
“You hungry Cas?” Dean asked.
I hope this answers some questions.
“I’m not sure I will allow that. The whole reason I am doing this on my brother’s behalf is that he cannot deal with the stress right now.”
“What have you told Dean?”
“Nothing?” Sam asked, but Gabriel’s tense and worried face told him exactly what he needed to know.
“Hell, yes I am. Not leaving you alone with the Winchesters until your 200%.”
“Get in line.”
“You’ll stay?” Cas gulped.
“I still think you should tell him Cas. He’s your husband and he loves you.”
One line in the comments box guys, I takes a few seconds and would make my day.
“It’s my faith Dean!” He growled back.
He closed his eyes and shivered as the sun began to set and the chill of the night drew in like a blanket and it somehow offered him comfort. He was tired, cold and his back burned like it had been set alight. He doubted anything could give him the strength to stand right now, his legs were numb and unyielding. Despite all this he felt at peace, he rested his weight heavily into the tree and sighed, wondering whether or not he would get to see the sunrise.
