It was a better place.  Underground—literally—an old speakeasy, updated and full of fresh, futurian faces.  The music was not bad.  Still rankled like it was supposed to, attention-getting, noisy, nothing like anything that came before it.  Fast blues—with a bit of that growly bite that reminded Steve they were not in the deep South but Chicago, where Chicago blues were born.
Tony looked at her.  Lieutenant Romanova bowed her head in mute acknowledgement, looking between him and Stovok with an unreadable look.  Concern?  Relief?  It unnerved Tony, to see her both quiet and attentive.
Shaking his head in mute anguish, Dr. Banner stepped aside to snarl at the oddly-colored vegetation.  “Any idea where we are?” Tony asked the half-Vulcan, who stood slightly apart from them, looking out over the cliffside at the ocean.
Stovok offered tamely, “I do not presume to know their fates.  But I can make an educated guess.”
,” Tony complained loudly.  Curium let go, apparently in surprise.  “Yeah, you
Steve shifted his unamused look to Thor.  Tony flicked the bowl of blueberries back to Bruce, who mindlessly took one.  “Nothing personal, pal, but I court everyone.  And I don’t do doves.”
Happy didn’t take the bait, instead latching onto the forced silence Tony gave him: “You know, they downplayed it all, at first, on the news.  Not the aliens—no way around that, everything was ‘Aliens invade Manhattan’ for the first twenty-four hours.  It was impossible to get a flight in or out of LaGuardia, everything was shut down by the
“I don’t have to!”
“Two of my finest officers are missing in Klingon territory, and none of my remaining officers can tell me how it happened,” Captain Carter said, standing in the war room with Romanova, Barton, and Tony seated in a semi-circle before her.  “Is it reasonable to assume that they have been taken hostage?”
“Sojef,” Anij whispered.
“Yes.”  Scooping up an armful of snow, Steve crumpled it into a ball and forcefully shooed Tony behind himself.  “
Clint introduced himself under his given name, as did, “Thor, firstborn son of Odin, future King of Asgard, guardian of the Nine Realms.”
“Hush,” Thor quelled, “I have not spoken of the cow.”
“I’ve got you,” Steve said.  Tony wanted to look at him, confirm it was not a dream, but his eyelids were too heavy.  He squeezed weakly at the hand.  It squeezed back.  “I’m right here, Tony.”
“What, six-foot-two, looks like a Labrador Retriever got lost in a Honda dealership?” Tony said around a mouthful of mints.  He offered the box to Steve.  Steve took it, then set the telephone pointedly on Tony’s open palm.  Tony rolled his eyes but held onto it.
Cap sighed.  It seemed almost mournful.  “Be a lot easier if you’d
“I love nature,” Bruce observed placidly at their feet.
and Cap could
Trapped but not down, not at all bested, Iron Man seethed wordlessly, twisting in Steve’s hold in a last-ditch-effort to cut loose.  Steve held on, and when Iron Man tripped, Steve went down with him, helped cushion the fall.
“Well done, Commander.  Mr. Stark.”
Bruce approached the base, picked up the ball, and glanced fearfully at Thor.  When Thor stood his ground by home, Bruce walked the ball over to Steve and Clint.  Gently, he touched the ball to Clint’s shoulder.  “You’re out,” Bruce said, very politely.
“Go back to
Even with the assurance that Steve was fine, Tony could hardly contain his worry.  He had managed to corral the dragons back into the garage, using some tactical slabs of meat and a few coaxing whistles.  Marker, a foodie, had trotted gleefully into the garage after him; Snow, who preferred the cool indoors, had also followed without protest.  One short head count of the hatchlings later, Tony had located Thallium, who had made herself comfortable on his bed, and Actinium, who was still sniffing around the blood-spattered kitchen.  He had lured them both with another slab of meat and placed the garage on full lockdown.
Quick warning: here there be alcohol. No shenanigans beyond the usual tomfoolery--so, a bit of drunken silliness, but nothing particularly scandalous--and alcoholism will not be a major plot, but I felt I had to mention it.
Tony grumbled but yanked the wheel, parking on the curb.  Clint snored on.  Bruce jerked awake, staring at them as Tony turned fully in his seat to glare at Steve.  “Now what?”
Steve said neutrally, “I’ll consider it.”
Even Marker, who had been warbling in amusement, abruptly ceased, standing up and making himself scarcer in the lab, retreating to the far corner.  Nobody, not even a powerful male dragon like Marker, wanted to mess with an angry mother.  Snow’s clicks decreased in pitch but increased in volume.
Steve should’a known, really.
Without thinking, Steve drawled, “What, were ‘Pointy’ and ‘Horny’ already taken?”
“The Romulans seek war.  War, they have.  Why should we intrude upon it?” interjected the first Councilman.
“That’s impossible,” Steve said dryly.
He breathed.  Thinly.  Desperately.
“Wait a minute, you want us to go sniffing around an irradiated bathhouse for unidentified Klingon sympathizers?  Isn’t that what unarmed patrols are for?”
Natasha did not get the purely inspirational memo.
Steve nodded once.  That seemed fair.
, in quick succession.  Then he looked around the blue-lit room, really looked, and remembered: he was in a hotel room, in Chicago, with Stark’s son—in the year Twenty-Twelve.
Tony hesitated.
“You want to go back to Terra Incognita?”
“So, you
“Nah, we’re fine,” Clint said.  “You the owner?”
“Cave exploration.”  Shuddering at the memory, Tony said seriously, “Maybe we can end up on a tropical island next time.  That would be nice.”
. o .
. o .
Two floors up, the elevator stopped to let a cart-bearing hotel worker on board.  She did not board.  After a long moment, Steve tapped the correct floor once more.  “It’s all right.  I got it,” Steve assured.  The woman blinked at them in bewilderment, standing by her cart.  “Have a good night,” Steve added.
Steve sighed.
that salmon shortage to consider. . . .
Tony said, “Oh, yeah, this is all the rage nowadays,” with a convincing poker face, but the way his hand shook with repressed laughter as he reached for the dial gave him away.  To Steve’s chagrin, Tony turned the dial up to an insufferable volume.  “Doesn’t it just
The clerk took him back to a room.  “This is nice,” Steve said, having never seen twenty cats in the same room before.
“I don’t think it’s the Ba’ku,” Romanova interjected.  “I think it’s the planet.”  She thumbed the sky.  “I’d like to know what’s in those ‘ice crystals.’  And how a Class M planet can survive in a nova cloud.”
Carefully, Tony stepped away, backing out of the room.
Iron Man asked, “She turn you down or just never show?”
Tony impressed, “We can talk about it.  Not now.”
“This is the path they have chosen,” hear-heared a fourth Council member.
Easter Eggs:
A man across the room also stood up, and began moving towards them.
“Right back,” Tony echoed stoutly.
Rolling over, he looked at Stovok, lying on the floor, hands folded meditatively on his chest.
“Spunk up,” Tony told him.  “Don’t be pathetic.”
“Good girl,” Tony reflected.  He could not bring himself to let go of Steve.  “I’m sorry,” he managed.
Seventy-proof liquor went right up Steve’s sinuses.  “Awh,
The dragon was not evil for trying to kill and eat him.  The dragon was simply feral.
He had the sudden, impressive feeling of spiders crawling all over him.  Little pinprick legs skittering right by.  He curled up tighter, fearful and nauseous.  He felt like he was going to die.
They fed and watered the strangers in their midst, which was more than Steve had come to expect from the future.  Sure, the city had always been a hard place to make friends, but it still surprised him that people could be decent to each other, without provocation or incentive.  Perhaps he had simply come to expect the opposite: the dog-eat-dog world of growing up in New York City, ravaged by Prohibition, by the Depression, by the second Great War.
“I like to come up here,” greeted a sonorous voice, “and watch the city sleep under the stars.”
“What
,” Tony emphasized.  “It’s about
“There you are,” Steve greeted.  Entering the room, Steve added, “I brought home something.”
Tony took no chances.  “If you bite me, I will bite you back,” he told her as she approached.  She even paused to look up at him, heart-meltingly sweet.  Some of his own anger cooled at the sight.
, all right?  Stop bunching up.”
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for your support for this story.
Chin in bored palm and gaze affixed on the road, Steve complained, “Don’t you people have
“Home?” Bruce asked hopefully.
Iron Man pushed him away.
“I like Wisconsin,” Steve offered.  That got Tony to look up.  Steve met his eyes in the rearview mirror.  “I’ve been around,” he defended.
Thor said brightly, “Is this a game?”
“Oh, no,” Juliet laughed.  “That’s Maku and Kapuki.”
“I choose to take that as a compliment,” Tony replied.  “At least it’s not bingo,” he prodded.
He hadn’t had any trouble with the underlings since he had kicked Kevin out of power—Kevin is Dead; Long Live Kevin—and aside from the whole eternal darkness and periodic earthquakes, Hell wasn’t
“You wouldn’t,” Tony said.
“To be ignored.  Ridiculed.”  Tony said the word quietly, so it lacked fangs, but he felt the sting of it, the way it cut his skin.  To be disbelieved by others.  “Seen as incapable of surviving on your own.”
in his step.
been?” Tony demanded, running a towel over his damp hair.
Steve drew in a breath, sighed it out through his nose, and acknowledged, “They ain’t so bad.”
lying low?”
, Tony,” he rebuked, pinching his nose, trying to manually cut off the static foaming up his skull.
Blinking at him, Tony felt the heaviness in his chest, the thump of his own heart hard, the warm vibe in the room lazy as they sank into stupefied quiet, and replied, “Already have.”
Rhodey looked right at him through the opaque mask.  “Usually is.”
Steve looked at him for a moment, as if to say,
.  Everything besides getting Tony's shirt loose, finding the fucking bleed evaporated.  Steve tore off the shirt, to fucking
sing-song.  His heart was pounding.  He could not believe they were having this talk.  It all felt wrong inside him.
. o .
“All right,” Steve interjected, when Tony looked thoughtful for a little too long.  “We’re not vigilantes.”
of my
Which was a dumb thought.  He had had a hole the size of Texas in his side.  And while the food had smelled promising, his appetite had been annihilated by the dust caked on his tongue, the exhaustion gluing his eyelids shut.  If a Chitauri soldier had busted down the door, he might not have been able to pick himself up and soldier on.
Sighing tolerantly, Steve stepped onto Iron Man’s wide boots and slid his arms around his waist.  “You like making me need you,” Steve accused.
“Oh, good, he’s getting a vibe,” Barton drawled.
Tony just grumbled wordlessly in disagreement before chucking his shoe at Steve.  This worked out poorly for him: Steve caught the shoe midair and chucked it far afield.
“I know I need my suit.  I’m not an idiot.”
"Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto" is Latin for "I am human, and I think nothing human is alien to me." It is from the play
He could practically hear the delicate hopefulness in Stovok’s voice as he disagreed, “Premature surrender.”
Bruce shrank.  “Not—not important.”
“What cigarettes?” Bruce asked, still listening to Beethoven as fireworks pop-popped in the distance.
He had intended to make a brief pit stop at the Retreat before carrying on his way to rediscover America.  It had seemed like a healthy way to cope with his circumstances.
“Accident, mostly,” Sojef admitted.  “We first looked for uninhabited worlds with Earthlike properties, but few were so isolated they would not be found.  We began to look for an unlikely home.”
with jazz?”
Steve asked, pressing but still out of arm’s reach, “There’s gotta be something, Tony.”
In the very, very, very great distance, Steve heard a tell-tale
care if Captain America went missing?
Tony wanted to scream at them.  He wanted to show them what monsters they were, underneath their promises of kindness and compassion.  They could not
“No.”  With his eyes closed, he only heard Steve shuffle close, rest his forehead against Tony’s temple for a lingering moment, near enough to feel, close enough to ache for more.  “You know you deserved better.”
“I told Pepper she couldn’t put me on a missing persons’ list for at least a week,” Tony interjected.  He reached for the radio dial.  The news of the day was about a salmon shortage.
,” and then flopped forward.  “That was such a journey.”
“Right,” Steve said, attempting to surreptitiously pry Peter off him.  “That’s—”  He sighed when Peter began sobbing again, switching to patting him on the back.  “It’s all right, son.”
Steve shut the door on him.  Standing immediately on the other side, Bruce blinked up at Steve hopefully.  “What?” Steve snapped.
“Weathervane.”
.  I picked up your distress signal—”
Reassuringly, Steve said, “You won’t be disappointed.”
Tony tossed back his second cup of coffee, then set the glass down firmly.  “
slaughtering Ginger.  Nothing needed to be
Steve stared him down.
“They’re also kind of hellbent on keeping the Fountain of Youth away from the Federation,” Tony finished.
“Of you, trusting us.”
Steve broke away from the pack, approaching Coleman and his hounds.  One of them stood up and toddled over, tail swinging back and forth.  “They’re not usually much for strangers,” Coleman mused.  Steve stroked the sunbaked copper fur, unable to keep a smile off his face.  “Where did you say you’re from, again?”
.  Like unzipping the human body.  Layer by layer.”
Tony didn’t even know the automated doors
They proceeded with such unerring ease that he did not expect resist when the elevator doors closed.  “You do not have security clearance to access this floor,” a disembodied voice—what else was new?—announced.  “Please make another selection.”
“They’re not going to let me go home,” he said out loud, stilling Tony’s hand.  He was testing the idea more than securing its truth, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he knew they were true.
as he pulled out a second knife.  “I got th—
In the present, Tony stared at a glass of amber liquid, swirling it around a bit.
, that Stovok could be dead, no matter the odds stacked against him, but Klingons had killed more than their fair share of Starfleet officers.  It could happen to anyway.  Even Stovok.
(See the end of the chapter for
Grumbling, Tony retreated to his own lab, then gave up on it, too sore to sit at the bench.  That was the price he paid for being with dragons, he thought, shaking his head.
“At least,” Steve replied grimly.  He would not kick up a fuss.  If he wanted to avoid the cold shock of being out in the real world, he should have stayed home.
And come morning, Tony awoke alone on the couch, blanket draped neatly over him.
Tony closed his eyes with a heartfelt smile.
“You are weird,” Rhodes confirmed.
Clint saluted.  Bruce gulped.
. o .
He waited for Natasha to carry on, urging her to catch up,
big bird, who looked dire despite his own colorful mask, and said, “All right, fine.  But I want props.”
“Tony,” Steve scolded, returning to his seat as Tony used a knife to carve off a small piece of cake from his slice.  “Be nice.”
.  “I thought you knew all about me,” he evaded.
Gaze focused on the room’s prehistoric occupants, Steve did not notice how his own breathing shallowed.  He also did not notice his vision tunneling in the dim lighting.
Nodding seriously, Thor confided, “I share this burden.”
An impalpable layer of ice clung to Steve Rogers’ skin, but even it felt more removable than the armor Iron Man wore, breathed, walked in, inhabited.
“Probably do him some good,” Steve said aloud.
The clerk gave him a look caught between pity and astonishment.
Poor kids from Brooklyn did not have much opportunity to get up close and personal with the celestial.
“No.  My second wind hasn’t kicked in,” Tony grumbled back.  “Need I remind you, this trip is a
Steve scowled.  His eye still throbbed a little, but he could see just fine.  When Thor lobbed the tennis ball in the air, Steve knew with a certainty bordering on premonition where it was going.
Good morning, champions!
” Tony said, horrified, as Steve peeled more of the splint off.  “
The world of the rich and famous, Steve mused, watching the ghost disappear into the park, warmly dressed for the evening but not eye-catchingly assisting a billionaire.  Tony did not seem bothered by the behavior, and Clint was too busy hopping gleefully into the front passenger seat to inquire about the disappearing driver.  With Tony behind the wheel and Thor climbing into the backseat, Steve opted to be a good hitchhiker and sit sideways in the open trunk, leaving Natasha plenty of room alongside Thor.
“Let’s go kill a Gorn,” Tony ordered.  Thor slurped at a replicated beverage, looking over Tony’s shoulder briefly, but Tony just pointed towards the transporter bay and insisted, “
Tony shook his head mutely.
“Scram.”
Tony awoke abruptly, gripping his cane, ready to fight for his life.
“He is pretty indestructible,” Steve agreed.
Three-quarters of an hour later:
Defensively, Steve asked, “What’s wrong with jazz?”
The door opened.  Natasha greeted, “Heard you boys getting sappy again.”
Easing the door open, Steve used his palm to suppress the natural creakiness of the wood.  He surveyed the rest of the room briefly.  Even with the lights off, there was more than enough moonlight drifting in beneath the drawn curtains to illuminate Clint and Bruce on the sole bed.  Bruce had hidden his head underneath a pillow, while Clint had sprawled on top of the covers, both arms outstretched in a territorial claim.  Clint made no sound, but Bruce snored into the mattress.
in the head.”  He yanked off the tape.  “
“Extremis,” was all Rhodey said.
But as it petered off into hiccupping sobs, and as even those finally quieted into sniffles, and as even those, at last, died down, Steve looked into the room again, his own heart in hanging tatters, and saw Tony on his belly, one arm crooked over Rico, who was lying next to him.
Tony’s breath wheezed in his chest in terror, and he thought for a moment of having to file the report alone,
falling to his death.
“Hm?”
Typical Tony.
“I mean, we
S’too early, was Steve’s first heroic thought of the day.  Followed by:
Captain Panda
(See the end of the chapter for
Narrowing his eyes, Stovok said, “It is not something we discuss with outsiders.”  Then he looked back down into the pit of hell, frozen over.
What a wonderful, strange, terrible world, Tony thought, slipping gratefully into unconsciousness.
. o .
They got rid of polio.  He felt a wave of relief so pronounced it was like shedding weight.
Stovok blinked once, slowly, and then the furrow deepened.  “I have been kissed.  That is not a kiss.”
. o .
“Your confidence inspires,” Carter said dryly.  “But the problem remains.  How to retrieve them?”
She tapped a point low on her hip.  “
,” he insisted.
“See you’ve got your ears back,” Tony told him.
“Fine,” Tony said.  Turning to the camera, he added, “Got Kevin?  Then call 1-800-I-Am-Not-Kidding, and I will fly to your home and punch the ever-loving
“Have my ways,” Natasha replied mysteriously.
. o .
“Whose fa-fault is th-th-that?” Tony demanded, pointing upwards.  “I said,
Steve caught him by a shoulder.  “
The cashier said faintly, “Anything else I can do for you, Captain America, sir?”
Bruce let out an audible sigh of relief.  Tony looked at him in the mirror and reminded him, “You
Tony had.
kid,” Tony began, already steaming, pointing a finger at him accusingly, attached to an IV.  He reached for it.
With a huff, Tellurium moved off again, this time for good.
For fuck’s sake.  He was a
One last shallow breath.  Steve let the shield slide down, slip free.  Tony continued to grip his wrist, a stabilizing force.
younger than Earth—billions of years younger, which would make its population’s early emergence more than impressive.  Sure, they did not have
Steve looked at Clint, lying on the floor, hands folded over his chest and a concentrating frown on his face, and then the others, all piled around Thor, all watching the tiny telephone intently.
“Okay,” Tony said, breathing through the discomfort in his back.  “You ready?”
,” Natasha replied.  Looking at Steve, she said, “I am not afraid of wolves,” and nodded her chin at the door.  “He is.  There is your answer.”
“I would,” Dr. Banner said begrudgingly, then held out a hypospray like a Taser.  “Now, scram, before I use this.”
survive on toasted bread alone?” Tony asked.
Natasha waited.  Steve swallowed hard, made himself be still, and quiet, and miserable.  At last, he said, “There is no going back.  Is there?”
“Yup,” Tony said.  “You’re
Steve did not rise to the bait, sitting on the sand, blue Actinium half-buried next to him, luxuriating in the warmth.
“All right, losers,” Tony began, swinging a baseball bat in a loose arc, standing in a semi-lit baseball field.  “Let’s—”
Tony shakes his head. “I’m good. Thank you.”
Tony’s jaw snaps shut and his eyes widen. He edges back, bringing his hands up to the sides of his head with a soft whimper.
“Thanks for coming. It meant a lot to Peter.”
Steve clenches his fists and tightens his jaw. Peter must have seen, because he moved closer to May and whispers to her. May glances at Steve once, then nods and stands. They leave the room with not a word spoken. Steve turned back to Tony.
Thor makes a humming noise, but jumps when ‘Hey Stephen’ started to blare from Tony’s phone. Tony jerks up and reaches for it. That was the ringtone he had set for Stephen after what had happened last night.
Tony notices that Stephen’s expression hardens at the mention of Steve’s name.
“What is it? Describe it to me.”
“Yes, I got that.” Stephen smiles. “You going to tell me what about?”
"Stephen?"
“Answer it. Could be work.”
“You should be.” Bucky gasped. “I was going crazy.”
“Right. Is there somewhere else we can talk? Privately?” The man-Edwin- asked.
“He really is.” Tony nods and looks up at the taller man. “You are a great person Stephen.”
“I’m afraid not.” Pepper says, making her way over. “How are you feeling?”
“What can I say? My lover is used to a life of luxury.”
The nurse takes the coin with a confused look and hurried away.
Steve, to his surprise, didn’t look angry. Just stunned. He cocked an eyebrow and smirked. “Did you like that?” He stands and makes his way over slowly. “Do you like the way it feels to snap and let it all out?”
“That’s all you have to say?”
“We’ll be there.”
Steve opens his mouth to respond but Bucky cuts him off. “No. You don’t get to speak here. I am a doctor. My life’s work is making sure people are healthy and healed and safe.” He turns around, rubbing the bridge of his nose.
“Well get in then.”
“Shiny. I think they’re...Manolo Blahnik?”
Sorry this took so long. I started college so I'm a bit slow
Shuri laughs, then gives Peter a bemused look. “Mister Doctor?”
“Peter is the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” Tony rolls his shoulders. “Ah.” He exhales. “Mm. That’s amazing.”
Steve gives a flirty smile. “What do you have in mind Dr. Barnes?”
“Not yet. My name is Peggy Carter and we need to talk.”
Steve noticed one last picture that had seen over and gently picked it up. This picture took Steve's breath away. It was Tony, about eighteen, dancing with Ana. Well Tony was more hugging her than dancing but it was beautiful nonetheless. Tony gazes down at her with nothing but love and respect in his face.
When he returns to the couch to take Tony to bed, he finds his husband sitting up and looking at a picture with a scratched silver frame.
“Yeah. Of course.” Tony moves over on the swing, drawing his legs under him. “Something on your mind?”
“What kind of movies do you like?”
“Pepper’s shoes.” He starts. “I gave them to her for christmas because she had her eye on them since forever.”
“Yes I gathered from caller ID.”
“Well it’s a good thing you offer insurance.”
“Out back taking a break.” The nurse says, shrinking away.
“Don’t you want me Stephen?” Tony’s voice was soft and low and made all of Stephen’s blood run south. “You do!” He rolls his hips back with a moan.
“He doesn't love you. Not really.” Stephen says, darting forward and hitting him again
“May.” Steve says sharply.
“No, its fine. I said tonight so tonight it is.” Stephen smiles. “Just give me a moment to change okay?”
“I missed you.” Steve murmurs, pressing a kiss to Bucky’s neck.
“Tony Rogers-Stark.”
“Tony. You aren’t ruined.” Stephen reaches over and tilts Tony’s chin up, using two hooked fingers. “And like I said, I’ll wait for as long as it takes. I waited eight years. What’s another fifty?” He smiles gently.
“Of course. A doctor is always prepared.”
“What's going on?”
“Are you okay Mister Doctor?” Peter asked, coming forward.
“Tony!”
“Yes yes I know.” Thor laughs. He presses into a knot in Tony’s back and slowly worked it loose.
“You aren’t deaf.” Tony grins. “Hey thanks for doing this.”
“Okay, ready to get started?”
“Hey Thor. How's it going?”
“I’ll see you tonight.”
?” Bucky’s voice was a bit gruff and it drove Steve crazy.
“It’s an ‘I’m going to operate and call Wong’. We’ll need his help.”
“He has a concussion and will likely be sick from sitting out in the rain.”
“Hey Tony. Go on back “
Tony makes his way into Thor's studio and greets Bruce who is sitting behind the front desk. Hs looks up as Tony comes near.
“Well...what did he say...exactly?”
Tony looked up and Steve realizes the picture was the one of him and Ana dancing. Tony's eyes shone with unshead tears. Steve moves closer, sitting down and pulling Steve close.
“Please.” Tony looked up and cracked a smile. “Its long overdue.”
“Well yeah. .Unless you don’t want to.”
“God Seve…”
“S-Steve?”
“Anthony Stark?” She asked in a thick British accent.
“Can we operate?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Call me if you need anything, alright?”
“Just Stephen is fine.” Stephen says, getting that look he had when he was confused. His head tilted a little and his lips parted just slightly. A wisp of hair fell onto his forehead.
“Hello?”
Behind him, Tony feels Stephen wrap his fingers around his wrist. The action was oddly comforting. Tony clenches his jaw and stared up at Steve.
Tony turns his head and his heart dropped to his stomach.
People around them were starting to take notice when Stephen stepped in. He wrapped his long nimble fingers around Steve’s wrist and digging one into the pressure point just blow his hand. Steve’s hand opens automatically and he yelps, jerking back.
-----.-----
“I'm fine Peter. Just a long day.”
“Woah. Easy tiger.” Stephen puts his hands up in surrender.
“I miss them so much.” Tony whispers.
“I’m already on my way.” Steve says, pulling his jacket back on. Might as well make something out of tonight, since he already got dressed up and all.
“Tony..shit...I’m sorry. I didn’t mean-I didn’t mean to yell.” Stephen leans over a little, keeping his voice soft as he reaches over. The way Tony flinches away breaks Stephen’s heart. “Tony?”
“I know. So do I.”
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Tony asks softly.
“God I love you” He murmurs.
“What the fuck was that?” He demanded.
“You had a panic attack. Steve probably caused it.”
“Okay show off.” He sticks his hand in Bucky’s jacket pocket and pulls out the bottle of lube. “You bought the expensive stuff?” He quirked an eyebrow.
“Hm?”
“Please….Stephen
“Oh you big baby.” Steve laughs, pulling back a little before tugging Bucky towards one of the beds. “I’ll make it up to you, I promise.”
Tony frames Stephen's face with his hands, kneeling down. “Try for Crystal.”
Tony stared up at Steve, with his mouth open a little.  Steve stared down at him with the ‘Steve Rogers Stare of Disappointment’.
The slap came out of nowhere and surprised Bucky himself when it happened. He stared at his hand in shock. Hurting people is not something he did. He is a doctor.
Stephen starts to respond, but doesn’t. He  just looks away. They finally made it to the car and Stephen leans against it. He looks over at Tony with a soft smile. “I enjoyed this. Y'know minus the whole Steve thing.”
“We need to talk Steve.”
“Oh thanks Mr. Stark.”
“Stay safe. Have a good day.”
“Yeah, well I wanted to go out tonight but when we did, Tony did nothing but make eyes at Stephen Strange.”
“You look pretty amazing yourself.” Stephen smiles and offers his hand. “Dance with me?”
"What for?"
“You found this, you get to help.” Stephen started out the door. He pauses and turns back. “What is your name?”
Stephen gasped in shock and gently shook Tony’s shoulders. “Tony.” He whispers. “Wake up. Please.” This was driving him crazy but the situation was wrong. Tony pushes against him again and Stephen bites back a moan. “Tony!” He hisses. He pushes against Tony's shoulders and the smaller man jerks awake.
“Uh...A internship program. Wavers and such. Keep the kids away from the window.”
“Of course. Anything for you.” Steve says with a smirk as Bucky takes his hand and tugs him toward an on-call room. Steve pushes Bucky against the door, reaching over and turning the lock.
Before Tony could answer, Peter came barreling over, Shuri behind him. Both teens were pink cheeked and bright eyed from performing.
“Which story would you like?”
“Oh? Is that so?” Tony feels the corners of his lips turn up.
“You aren't much better.” Steve sneered. “How long have you been screwing Stephen Strange?”
“....
“I can’t wait.” Tony smiles.
“You’re such a sap.”
“You okay there Strange? You look like that guy in John Wick when he was about to go on a murder spree when his dog got killed.”
“Is he okay?” He asked.
“That sounds good.” Tony replied nonchalantly.
“FInally got himself a girlfriend. She’s a good kid.”
“You love it.” Steve says, before taking his dick into his mouth all at once, cutting off whatever he was about to say. Bucky gives a deep moan, bucking his hips up. Steve presses his hips down to keep from gagging. He bobs his head, winding hs tongue with practiced skill.
“Two sparrows in a hurricane, trying to find there way...the world says they’ll never make it, but love says they will.”
At least until Peter turned eighteen. In just three years, Steve would have no use for the smaller man. Steve had found out six years ago that if anything happened to Tony, all of his assets would belong to Peter but would be frozen until he was of age. It was originally just a college fund but recently Tony felt it was safer to lock it from Steve's greedy hands.
Stephen looked up and cleared his throat. “Hey Tony. Is something wrong?” He asked.
https://youtu.be/IUsyHVjacJ0
“You have no idea how pissed I am.” Steve growls. “Ruined a perfectly good night. I can't punish you here but when we get home you are in trouble.”
“Anthony, Dr. Strange, these are my partners Edwin and Ana Jarvis.”
“You will not walk away when I’m talking to you.”
“If you want, I can go with you.” Stephen offers. He even offered to call in but Tony wouldn’t allow that.
"Oka-" before Stephen could get the word out, Tony's lips were on his. Stephen's eyes widen before closing and he puts one hand on Tony's cheek. Tony pulls away slowly.
“That’s a difficult place. We’d have to be extremely careful. One nick in the wrong place and we could change her entire personality or she could never speak again.”
Stephen knew he could lie and tell Tony he was fine but it wasn't the right thing to do.
Stephen narrowed his eyes and shrugged off his white coat. “You’re screwing Steve Rogers. Tony Stark's husband.”
“Where is my husband?” He asked a nurse.
“I talked to Tony earlier.”
Steve was there already and so was Pepper. Tony hugs Pepper and takes a breath before nodding. “I’m ready.” He says.
“Thank you.” He whispers.
“I’ll deal with it later.” He murmurs, taking the phone and tossing it to another bed. He begins to moving his hips, changing his angle so he hit that bundle of nerves that drove Bucky crazy. The dark haired man absolutely fell apart after that. He grips Steve’s shoulders, moaning and rolling his hips up to meet Steve thrust for thrust.
“I don’t have a lot to say to you.” James starts.
"I'm going to do something that's probably stupid."
“Fine. Ask away.” Tony waves his hand before crossing his arms.
“Hey buddy.” Steve says softly. “What’s wrong?”
“WellI haven’t seen you in  week. As your husband, I was concerned.”
“There was this girl today.” He clears his throat. “She was sixteen, her whole life ahead of her. She had a huge tumor and we had to operate.” His voice cracks. “We were to late. I couldn't save her.” He ends with a whisper. “Her mother is all alone now.”
“I mean it Tony.”
“Okay okay. Someone’s impatient.” Steve chuckles and kisses him once more before pulling away and pulling his belt off. He tosses it to the floor along with his pants.
“I have nothing to say to you.” Tony moves to shove past him but Steve catches his wrist in a tight grip, making Tony gasp loudly as that arm was finally starting to heal.
Tony sheepishly walks into the room and hugs his father. That's when Steve sees it. Tony will always be Edwin's little boy. His pride and joy. Steve didn't deserve this at all. But he was lucky enough to experience it.
knew how long.  He should never have sent Steve away, even if he had nothing on hand to treat an arterial bleed.  He
Steve kissed the side of his head, and Tony melted a little, leaning into him instead of away from him.  “You are so damn lovable, who wouldn’t love you?  Why shouldn’t they get to?  Why should I?  See,
He skittered back a step.  Tony pinched his brow.  Happy gritted out, “He’s—” but Tony cut off viciously,
Gotta love that picture-perfect memory.  Steve sighed.  “. . . You’re not gonna let that one go.”
Smoothing a hand over his own sternum, Tony shuddered at the unexpected feeling.  It was disarming, like having his kidneys stolen would be disarming.  Yet he did not feel like he had been recently sedated.  He felt good—
Steve sighed.  “Don’t be,” he murmured, kissing Tony’s temple.  “Got every right to be angry, Tony.”
Clint looked thoughtfully at Thor, who said gravely, “With or without their attachments?”
the boss.”
,” Tony informed him.
Hugging back, Tony felt very loved.
Thor beamed.  Bruce gripped Tony for dear life.  Steve sighed, already knowing if it came down to picking straws who would bravely volunteer as tribute, but Clint said loudly: “What?”
“No,” Tony said.  “No, who told you that?  I’m going to punch them in the face.”  Feeling emboldened by Stovok’s lack of resistance, Tony grasped him by both sides of his face, felt the mixture of mixed emotions, like paint splatter on a canvas, red for heat, blue for intrigue, yellow for invitation—and risked pressing a smacking kiss against his cheek.
There was a way the man said his
“We made the news,” Steve explained grimly.
Tony left the bar, the door pinging shut behind him.  It even
“This may come as a surprise, but I like my head on my shoulders, Tony.”
gotta
Steve slid it back to him.  “I’m not that stupid.  And I can’t get drunk.”
Almost gently, Stovok laid a hand on his knee, keeping the touch oddly delicate, not gripping so much as resting there, and explained patiently, “Kissing is only on the mouth.”
“Captain Amer—
to kill Ginger.  He even found himself leaping through the mental loop of
“Tempting as it is to make this Risa Two,” Tony began conversationally, but Romanova stepped on his insole, hard enough he wheezed, “can’t beat the original.”
“Haven’t seen me in action.  I’m a master of my craft,” Tony whispered, holding out a palm.  Steve warily handed a couple over; Tony swallowed them dry.  “Ta-da.”
” Steve asked, as the sound became even more entangled than before.
The others rose and placed their hands on one another’s shoulders, on Stovok, and Tony, and Bruce, who was red as a tomato.
Rhodes and Clint both looked at Tony, who cleared his throat and said, “That’s dragon for
Tony’s growling belly said
. o .
“. . . Portland.”
“Fuck you,” Tony replied.
Tony narrowed his eyes at him.  “How do
Captain Panda
He took a chance, instead.
,” Steve insisted.  “We’re all on the same—”
Steve managed to persuade Tony through sheer force of will not to be sick.  Then he confronted a more serious problem.  “Tony, there’s no beds,” he seethed, realizing belatedly that all three bedroom doors were firmly shut.  “You’ll just have to sleep on the floor.”
Then he noticed an easel tucked away in the corner of the attic, covered in layers of cobwebs. It looked like it had been there even longer than the storage boxes. He got curious and moved closer to check it out.
“I think Buck developed a sixth sense for when I was about to get my ass kicked.” Steve’s expression was full of warmth and happiness, and Tony was relieved the man was able to think of his friend without being weighed down by guilt anymore. “He used to say that he never had to throw the first punch ‘cuz by the time he’d get there, I’d have already thrown at least three.”
that? Those couldn’t possibly have been memories.” Then he added, “Not… ours at least.”
I’ve had my coffee. I feel like this has been established multiple times.”
“Oh, hell no. Get me out of this Hallmark movie town.” Then Tony hesitated even though Steve laughed at him. “I mean, that is… if that’s alright with you.”
One evening they somehow all had managed to be around for dinner, so Steve helped Bruce throw something together for a rare team meal. Orion was perched on Tony’s chair when the man found his way to the kitchen, already doing his Puss in Boots impersonation and begging for handouts.
“Speak of the devils,” Steve muttered as he hurriedly tugged his boots on.
As Tony closed the door with a soft click behind him, he could have sworn he saw a flash of movement through the front window. Without a second thought, he sprinted outside, bare feet be damned as he threw open the front door and stepped out into the cold.
Tony pondered what Phil had said for a moment. “Okay, so,
Yeah, things were going pretty well until the next stray Steve brought home.
And who else would be so full of energy and… morning person-ness before the sun was even fully up? It was wearing Tony out just to watch him.
and it has been so many times before).
“And well...” He shifted his weight back and forth for a second, awkwardly scratching the back of his neck before he continued. “With it being illegal and all, there weren’t really a whole lotta guys who would take their chances just to be with me.”
Tony jumped at Steve’s sudden intrusion into the conversation. “God, you have
Steve had left before Tony could say a single word to him about what had happened, but Tony didn’t even know what he would have even begun to say to the man if he had been given a chance. Hours later, his mind was still reeling from everything he had seen, trying to parse any kind of coherent narrative to it all.
think they are?” Tony insisted. “Come on, I know you graduated at the top of your cadet class, don’t hold back.”
“Nope, I’ve been told it’s an endearing character flaw.”
Though really, isn’t this kind of craziness just par for the course at this point?
He doesn’t really listen as Thor and Steve are catching up, though he thinks he hears the god congratulate the two of them on finally pulling their heads out of their asses. Tony’s too busy running back through his moment with Steve repeatedly, feeling entirely too much like he’s dreaming.
“...Thanks, Pep.”
“You were never in the scouts.”
Pepper laughed and said she would, then ended the call. Tony just laid there for a while, his phone still in hand, staring up at the ceiling.
Taken aback, Tony shook his head at the unbidden thought, his chest suddenly tight with anger and grief. Where did that even come from?
“Hey, Pepper-pot,” Tony greeted her when she answered the phone.
A heavy sigh escaped Steve as he sat down on the edge of his bed, shoulders slumping as he ran a hand through his hair before answering. “It usually doesn’t, but I was… having a bad day. Sometimes it feels like I slip back… there. I catch bits and pieces of it occasionally; the cold, sometimes I feel like I can’t breathe.”
He could hear some faint noises coming from further inside the house, so carefully, he made his way in that direction, much to the dismay of Happy’s voice yelling inside his head for Tony to turn around and go back outside. He probably should’ve brought his security guard with him, but what was going to get him in this Santa Claus town? Ghosts?? Happy deserved some time off, anyway.
“No.”
Tony shared some stories about the bots back home, and Dum-E’s increasingly tragic attempts at making smoothies (“One of these days he’s going to poison me, I swear.”), and also fondly recalled some wild tales of the shit he and Rhodey got up to at MIT.
Steve gave him a small smile, but he remained quiet and let Tony continue. He wasn’t really certain why Tony was sharing this information with him, but he absolutely was not going to take such a moment for granted.
“One time that I unfortunately will not be forgetting, despite my best efforts,” Rhodey added, pointedly, before getting back to the main issue. “So, how friendly are we talking?”
Confused, Steve had just kinda scrunched his face at that one (and Tony shouldn’t have found it as endearing as he did, oh boy, when he wasn’t scowling he was unfortunately cute).
I get murdered?? I’m starting to question your motives for sending me here.” Tony took a moment to be a little indignant before he quietly crept out of the room. He grabbed the long metal poker from beside the fireplace on the way. “No, it’s fine. I’ve got a... sharp, pokey thing.”
“I was wondering if you were gonna pretend not to like him as long as you’ve been pretending with Steve,” Bruce mentioned as the elevator headed for the common floor.
“JARVIS, how the fuck did a cat get inside?”
“I asked Coulson about you the other day.”
Steve spoke up, “What if we keep him in my room? It’ll be fine.”
“Well, I stripped down to my boxers to express my feelings, so I’d say we’re in the same boat here at least.” Tony let out a chuckle at how ridiculous both of them were.
Tony’s head jerked up when the realization hit him, and he looked up at Steve, who had an absolutely blinding smile on his face.
Steve huffed a laugh against the back of Tony’s neck. “I’m not… great at these things, so I thought I’d let my drawings speak for me.”
“Oh.” Then it dawned on him. “You
“You can’t take our baby.” Clint pointed a fork threateningly in his direction.
Steve pulled up into the tower’s garage and parked his motorcycle in its spot amongst all of Tony’s cars. He grimaced at the salt splattered on the sides but decided it could wait until he’d warmed back up.
The cat wandered around getting to know all the interesting new people as they showed up. Orion somehow wasn’t fazed by Thor’s booming voice, nor Natasha’s generally intense presence, though Steve noticed her posture immediately softened when the cat approached her. Instead of returning to Steve to settle back down, he curled up in Bruce’s lap and promptly fell asleep, and Steve tried not to feel disappointed about it.
“It’s a curse.”
Tony was quiet for a moment after that, seeming lost in his own thoughts.
“You fell asleep?” Tony asked, teasingly. “And somehow everyone claims
The ghost agreed, seeming a bit hesitant, but half an hour later he was trudging alongside Tony into the attic. It was disgustingly dusty upstairs, as if the stacks of boxes hadn’t been disturbed in decades. Belatedly, Tony wished he had a mask to wear so his allergies didn’t kill him the next day.
Oops.
Tony recalled how much he had been drawn to Steve Rogers; keeping track of the pilot’s encounters with Kaiju, perhaps more so than was strictly necessary from a Jaeger engineering standpoint, and that was before he had even met the man. After Steve had arrived at the Shatterdome, Tony had only gravitated towards him even more, but maybe there was more to it than the “crush” Carol and Rhodey had teased him about.
Things were relatively… normal after that. Well, at least Steve was acting like they were.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at his antics. “About as close to one as you might get right now.”
Oh. He must’ve said that out loud.
“I thought birds and cats didn’t get along,” Tony continued. “Watch out, Tweety Bird, he might try to eat you.”
He tried to avoid all of it for a while, just waiting for the initial excitement and fuss about the new fluffy resident to pass like it inevitably would. Eventually the ball would drop, so Tony waited, and he waited, but it never did. Seemingly, all of the Avengers were incredibly fond of the adorable little cat.
“Oh, the usual old historic building complaints. Creaky floors, locks getting stuck, unexplainable slamming of doors in rooms where no one is.” She waved it off nonchalantly. “Lots of them try to blame it on ghosts.”
“Did you piss off a witch?”
Yeah, whatever was going on between them was pretty nice.
“Don’t do anything too demanding for the pose the first time. You’ll probably regret it.” Steve commented as he got settled with his sketchpad and waited for Tony to do something.
“Gotta test a hypothesis multiple times,” Tony justified his behavior.
“What? ...What?! Are you like— oh my god. Steve.” Tony’s hand flew to Steve’s neck as he checked for a pulse. “You… you have a pulse. How—”
“You don’t care at all, you can’t wait to be rid of me. I’m nothing but an obstacle keeping you from selling this place,” Steve continued, taking another step towards him. Tony could feel a chill creeping up his spine as Steve came closer.
Steve frowned, as if personally insulted by the lack of happy childhood memories Tony had to share, or maybe he could sense Tony’s contempt towards his father.
“Who’s going to make sure it’s up on its shots? Make sure it doesn’t wander somewhere dangerous? Feed it regularly? Empty its litterbox? You sure as hell won’t catch me—“
“That, is by far the worst analogy you have ever come up with, platypus.”
? There was no way. “Yeah, okay, sure. Give me a sec, Cap.”
in the U.S. now.” He figured Steve probably didn’t get the news in the afterlife.
“Why not? Isn’t that how all the masters do it? I’m no Greek god, or Norse god for that matter.” He paused, suddenly feeling more self conscious. “Actually, let’s not bring up Thor’s muscles right now.”
Tony rolled his eyes at the AI’s response and stared at the cat who was pawing gently at the door now that he had Tony’s attention.
“Do you believe me now?” A voice called from the house behind Tony. He whipped around to find Steve waving at him from the doorstep.
“Oh, you do?” He finally looked up from his drawing to find Tony with the utmost serious expression on his face.
“Do you know where Orion is?”
And that was when everything started going to hell in a handbasket.
“Dum-E’s a pretty good model.” Steve reached out and patted the bot that had been posing for him for the past few hours of the early afternoon. “He holds a pose very well, dontcha, boy?”
Tony spent the rest of the day following Steve around the house and asking him various questions, trying to get a feel for the situation the man was in. It wasn’t like he had anything better to do until Pepper found another appraiser, and technically he was on “vacation” anyway. The only problem was that he wasn’t really getting very helpful answers from Steve.
When it came time to knead the dough (apparently that was a thing that had to be done with gingerbread, Tony was learning), Steve rolled up his sleeves, and Tony did his absolute best to not drool over the man’s forearms. It was… quite a sight. Steve shot him an amused look when he noticed that Tony hadn’t been able to pull his eyes away.
“‘Morning, Sleeping Beauty.” Well, he might as well just jump right in. “Sorry if I wasn’t supposed to look at these, but I did, so.”
“Oh,” Tony said, dumbly.
Tony felt his heart sink as the smile vanished from Steve’s face and his brow furrowed. His gaze lost that twinkle Tony was starting to get used to seeing when they were together. “Could what be guilt?”
There was some sort of cruel irony that cleaning up his act had been what finally pushed her away, even though Tony knew it was more the whole “you could literally die any time you put on that suit” thing. Which he couldn’t really blame her for since his near-death experiences had multiplied at least tenfold after he became Iron Man.
Steve had seemed a little different since their conversation that morning, too. He wasn’t holding himself as stiffly as before, like the tension had faded from his shoulders. He was also starting to relax more around Tony and show what was apparently his true self — a smartass with the driest sense of humor. Tony was absolutely living for it.
It seemed that in the months following the Chitauri invasion and the Avengers moving into Stark Tower, Steve had been spending more and more time in the workshop lately. Tony hadn’t quite figured out the reason behind it yet, but he certainly wasn’t going to complain about having company. But drawing the bots and all of the other mechanical equipment had to get old after a while. Wouldn’t a more… organic subject be more Steve’s cup of tea? Like some trees or some shit. They totally had trees in the 40’s.
Whenever Sam would drop by the Tower when he was in from DC, Orion would follow him around and sat next to him wherever he landed. Steve would admit it was pretty stinkin’ adorable to watch their cat act like a little host whenever their friends visited.
all things considered. But essentially, yeah.”
“Damn. I think he’s a bit out of my weight class,” Steve commented distractedly, his focus now on his sketchbook and a drawing of Tony he had started on.
“I didn’t want to see him mope around; it’s bad for the country’s morale,” Tony muttered before he left the room without so much as glancing at Steve.
“Hey, did you know they made movies for the other books?”
“Oh, what was it that you said? That I was a puzzle to solve?” Tony reflexively stepped back away from Steve.
As Tony blearily blinked his eyes open, his surroundings finally swam into view through the blinding morning light coming in through the windows. He was laid out on the couch in the living room of the house with a blanket thrown over him. Oh, and a killer headache.
He shrugged lightly and tried to play it off while he went to get whatever it was. “Well, it’s not like I get much sleep.”
“Who?”
“It isn’t,” he calmly answered, face giving Tony no hints as to what the man was feeling. “I know that much.”
Tony had been in the command center dozens upon dozens of times when pilots were preparing to drift for the first time, and the words coming across the speaker system were familiar as they went through procedures ingrained in his memory. The pilots’ suits were hooked into the Jaeger’s system, and Tony took a deep breath as the officer in mission control began a countdown until the drift was initiated.
The two were inseparable, Rogers and his grumpy cat, and it would have potentially made Tony maybe just a little bit jealous if he wasn’t ninety-percent sure Barnes was in a relationship with one half of the Black Hawk team (Tony just wasn’t certain
“Well, you probably don’t want to hear this—” Rhodey started.
Steve didn’t call him out on it, and he did his best to bite back a smile at it.
“I got a tree.”
Rogers didn’t dignify Tony’s comment with a verbal response, but he could see the man’s jaw get visibly tighter as Tony continued talking. Geez, how much stiffer could a dead guy get?
Tony looked a little dazed before he turned back to his worktable, and Steve was almost certain his own face was red as he made his way over to the couch in the corner, where he’d left behind a sketchbook the last time he visited Tony. Orion followed him and hopped up onto the couch beside him, suddenly transfixed by the pencil moving as he drew, swatting at it occasionally.
Later that night, Steve found himself spending time with Tony in his workshop yet again. He was watching Dum-E wheel around the room, “cleaning” while Orion was riding on the bot’s base.
“Just leave it,” Steve took on a commanding tone as he advanced on Tony.
Tony pondered it for a second before answering.
“Sounds very Hallmark-y, gross.” He made a face. “If it’s that much trouble, you can just have it, I don’t care. Merry Christmas.”
For a brief moment, Tony was terrified (though wasn’t it supposed to be a good thing if Steve crossed over?), but then he whipped around and saw Steve on the porch of the house, face ashen.
“Hey, Tony.” Steve greeted him as he got out the ingredients for his hot chocolate. “I didn’t know you had a cat.”
This was it.
All Steve could do was shrug. “I thought he was yours.”
“Then find some lonely grandmother to adopt it. I don’t care, just get it out of my tower.” He was getting fidgety as their conversation turned more into an argument. “We’ve taken in enough strays as it is.”
“That’s… great, Pep,” he answered, definitely failing to mask his hesitation.
Sometimes it’d just be him and Tony, and he’d still find himself sketching the genius hard at work, grease and oil smears on his face, hair sticking up where he’d ran his hands through it.
“Oh shush, I’m Fury’s favorite, even more so after I tell him about the breach.”
It was still a little weird whenever their hands made contact, or rather… didn’t make contact. Although it wasn’t nearly as cold as that night Tony had found him in front of the fireplace, it was an unwelcome reminder of Steve’s circumstances, so Tony tried to hand him the ornaments in a way that kept it from happening.
It’s like Tony can finally breathe again with Steve beside him. Ironic, since they’re about to suffocate. But even with impending death looming, it feels as though a weight has been lifted off of him.
“Hey, honeybuns.”
“Wow, Rogers, was that almost an apology?” Tony put his hand on his chest, faking shock.
“Eh, that’s still debatable.”
“Maybe I’d have a cheeseburger. Actually, no, I’d
“A cat.”
“Are you sure you’re okay? Phil said you hit your head hard enough to black out. Do I need to send Rhodey your way? I think he’s in town for the holidays.”
“I think you need to leave,” he gritted out.
The line was silent for a moment.
“Right. Well, that’s significantly less nice.” Tony pulled himself away from Steve a bit reluctantly, taking time to admire how red Steve’s lips were now. “Come on, let’s get suited up.”
He should have known his day was about to get a lot worse when Pepper came into his office with coffee and doughnuts from his favorite bakery a few blocks away.
“I’ll see what I can do to get the team to delay things.”
Steve actually laughed at that, the light returning to his eyes as his posture straightened a bit, too. Tony felt like he could breathe a bit easier now that some of the tension had faded from his copilot. He rested his chin on his hand, listening intently as the man began to explain more freely.
He took in the way that Steve was looking at him, so openly adoring, and finally leaned forward to close that gap and bring their lips together in a soft kiss.
As he gingerly turned back the cover, Tony heard the bed creak as Steve stood up and came to stand next to him, watching over his shoulder with a melancholic smile. It dawned on him that Steve probably hadn’t seen his own drawings in…
And then Tony was offering before he even actually considered what he was saying.
There was already a burning strain settling into Tony’s calves the longer he stood like that. Maybe sticking his feet that far apart hadn’t been the best idea, but he couldn’t back down now. He could totally do this. Then a weird twitch started in his torso that he tried his damnedest to ignore, but it became way too much in a matter of maybe thirty seconds.
“There’s a really hot ghost here.”
Tony was sure he had the most petulant look on his face, but he was really starting to regret hiring someone who actually made him do his work and was entirely immune to his puppy-dog eyes. Pepper’s resistance hadn’t weakened over the years, either.
“Tony,” she started. “I know you say you want to help him break whatever this— this curse is, but… are
“Are you?” Those beautiful blue eyes bore into Tony’s, like his soul was being laid bare before they even began. “What you’re about to see… it’s a lot.”
out of his reach. Tony couldn’t help but grin at the sight of the two of them.
“I presumed you were all aware,” he answered.
“Fine by me. I think I’ve had enough of this place after seventy years.” He playfully grimaced at the house.
It felt as though Barnes didn’t leave any room there for a comeback, so Tony nodded. At this point, he couldn’t avoid the conversation any longer, and neither of them were going to feel any better until he talked to Steve about it. Tony left the mess hall with only his barely warm coffee in hand; he didn’t have much of an appetite right now anyway.
“If you were truly suffering, you wouldn’t have been quiet about it,” Steve shot back with a grin.
“You deserved to know what you were getting into, but I was afraid to tell you the truth.” The look of resignation on his face was ill-fitting of a man like Steve, and Tony didn’t like it. “What happened yesterday is on me.”
“It’s almost four in the afternoon,” Steve tried to reason with him. “You should give sleeping like a normal human a chance for once tonight.”
“What?” Tony wasn’t sure what had prompted that.
“Hey Buck, come over here. I have an idea.”
“Nope, take it all back, Pep.” He interrupted, putting down the doughnut. “I don’t want bribery doughnuts, it ruins the taste.”
Of course Tony expected that Rogers would bring memories of his final mission with Barnes into the drift, but the man’s tone seemed to imply more than that. It left Tony feeling a bit unsteady under Rogers’s gaze, unable to even begin to parse what he could mean by his statement.
“I’d be more concerned if you didn’t have any problems, Tony.” The exasperation in her tone bled more into fondness than irritation. “Also, you’re lucky that Phil let me know you were okay otherwise I really was going to call the police. I thought I was going to be responsible for sending you to your death!”
It was just the two of them for dinnertime that evening, as Coulson had left at some point after the debacle at breakfast. Before making his own food, Tony watched as the ghost somehow was able to interact with almost everything in the kitchen. It was fascinating to watch, and not entirely just because Rogers happened to be a bit easy on the eyes.
,” added Tony.
Steve crossed the workshop to stand next to the table Orion was sitting on and reached out to get a better look at the orb-shaped pendant dangling from his collar. Upon closer inspection, Steve realized it must be some sort of replica of the galaxy from the Men in Black movie he’d watched with Clint. The detail was amazingly intricate, and it was actually smaller than what he remembered from the movie’s version of it.
“No.” Tony lied, taking a gulp of coffee. “I didn’t want to hear any overcompensation jokes.”
“Aw, come here, sore loser. I’ll get it off,” Tony offered, holding out his icing-free hand. Steve eyed him cautiously before stepping closer to him, probably trying to gauge if Tony was plotting against him.
“And this just so happens to be an easy loose end to cut,” Steve added, sounding relatively calm, which surprised Tony a bit.
“No, no, it’s fine. I just heard something downstairs.” And then he could hear the sound of heavy footsteps on the creaky floorboards in the hallway. “Okay, maybe I should go check it out.”
“And so you call him ‘platypus’ because of that?” Steve hadn’t stopped laughing through Tony’s entire story, and his own cheeks were hurting from smiling so hard.
“Hm?”
at him, and it felt like he’d accidentally kicked a puppy.
At one point Steve picked up a little feathery bird toy he thought he saw the cat eyeing on the shelf, and Clint let out a dramatic gasp, “Are you trying to turn our child against me?”
,’” argued Tony.
“Not that I’m not eternally grateful for the save, big guy,” Tony grumbles. “But couldn’t you have taken a few more minutes to find us?” He can hear Thor’s booming laughter outside the pod.
“It was the 1940’s, not the 1800’s,” Steve finally answered as he stood up from the table, patience wearing thin.
Despite the rapidly growing uneasiness, Tony continued forward until he came to the source of the noise, and there was that hot-rod red armor again at the center of it. Whoever was in the armor this time was… fighting two other people, a man with dark, messy hair and a metal arm, and… the star spangled man from the other memories. Tony felt as if he were frozen in place as he watched the violent struggle, unable to tear his eyes away from the scene playing out before him.
Tony let out a painfully bitter laugh at the realization. What was this, some kind of fairy tale bullshit? Had the curse on the handsome prince been broken by true love’s kiss?
“It sure is great,” Tony agreed, way too amused at the way Steve was blushing and pointedly not making eye contact with him. The man hadn’t tensed up, and he hadn’t rushed to put any distance between them, so Tony figured he could take that as a good sign.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. Can you repeat that first part?” Tony held his hand up to stop Steve and gave him a crooked grin. “I need to get ‘Tony, you were right’ on recording, I wanna set it as my ringtone.”
That seemed to have brought Steve back to reality, at least. He could have sworn he almost saw a smile on his face as he finally turned away from the window.
Tony swallowed down the lump in his throat. “Steve? What was it that you told me,
The little guy was given a clean bill of health, but the vet wasn’t able to find a microchip. Steve thought he caught the vet offhandedly insinuating the cat was probably dumped by someone who didn’t want him anymore or couldn’t take care of him. Apparently that was a frequent occurrence after Christmastime. He definitely caught Clint visibly stiffen in his peripheral at that.
Tony thought his unspoken words would die with him. What does he have to lose at this point? Well,
“What makes you think I have a cat?”
He was answered by Thor’s deep, rumbling laughter. “He has expressed that the infantile voices you use while speaking to him are quite amusing.”
Apparently Tony hesitated for a beat too long before answering because Rhodey continued. “Tony, I know how you get. You see a sad puppy and you want to fix all its sad puppy problems without any regard for yourself. But what’s gonna happen when this puppy isn’t sad anymore and finally crosses over into the big dog park in the sky?”
At some point while they were icing the cookies, the two men had devolved into randomly smearing the colorful icing on whatever part of each other they could reach. It was becoming something of a competition to see who could one-up the other. There were smudges of icing all across their faces; Tony could feel some of it drying in his facial hair, but he had retaliated for that one with a nice red glob on Steve’s cheek. At one point, they had pretty much forgotten about icing the gingerbread cookies entirely, and it had turned into some sort of playful tussling match.
Back in the sitting room, he found plastic totes of ornaments stacked near the tree. Tony peeked out the window, but he didn’t see Coulson’s truck, so he must have left while Tony was talking to Steve. Which, really, was fine by him because he didn’t particularly want a third wheel during the tree decorating. Phil must’ve gathered from their conversation at the tree lot that Tony was doing this all for Steve.
“Need a blanket,” he murmured into his cup of coffee.
“For science,” Steve let out a low chuckle, his breath ghosting over Tony’s lips as he reached out and tilted Tony’s jaw up.
He let out a long sigh before answering the question. “Actually, I already knew they had never found… my body. Bucky had said there wasn’t a funeral, and that there wasn’t… a gravesite to visit, or anything.” Tony tensed at that.
“I found him in the garage!” Steve defended himself. “And then he followed me up the elevator, acting like he knew where he was going, so I just assumed he lived here.”
Tony had finally dragged himself out of his workshop after hours and hours of working on gear upgrades for nearly every member of the team. Their last mission had revealed a few weaknesses, and he needed to work to make sure they couldn’t be taken advantage of in the future. But he also needed to refuel, and Steve had taken the coffee maker out of the workshop in an attempt to force him to leave occasionally and possibly interact with others. Tony hated that it worked.
“Probably.” There was a hint of ruefulness in his expression, his brow furrowed. Tony wanted to reach out to Steve and gently smooth out the lines.
“Why are you here anyway? Thought you said you were gonna be avoiding this place like the plague,” Tony asked after draining half of his cup. Oh, sweet caffeine.
“How reassuring.” He could practically hear Pepper roll her eyes. Maybe he really should work on more self-defense stuff like Happy kept bugging him about.
He felt arms wrap around his back as Steve clung to him, not saying anything.
Steve leaned back heavily in his chair and dragged his hands down his face, concealing it from Tony.
“If you want information like that, you’d probably be more likely to find it at the town’s library.”
Tony had collapsed onto the nearest couch as soon as the tree was stable. “Think I found my New Year’s resolution: no carrying trees, of any sort.”
About that time, though, Clint appeared seemingly out of nowhere and started petting the cat. “Hey, when’d we get a cat?”
Suddenly drained of his energy, Tony dramatically flopped onto the couch and poked at Steve’s leg with his foot. “Were you just going to let me suffer in silence?”
“What…? Steve, I—” The emotions he had managed to keep at bay break loose at that. “I love you so much, I shouldn’t have given up so easily. But you— you’d been my rock for so long that I was lost without you.”
It was starting to snow, big flakes slowly drifting from grey clouds above the city, and the brisk winter air whipped against his jacket as he turned down the avenue leading back to the tower. It was a little too cold to be out, but according to the forecast it was only going to get worse for the next week, and Steve had been getting a bit stir-crazy in the tower. No supervillains or criminal organizations had tried to take over or destroy the city in the week since Christmas, and quite frankly he had been getting bored going through the same routine day in and day out while it seemed too cold for bad guys to even bother going outside.
“Just testing my hypothesis again,” explained Tony as Steve shook his head at him.
“And that’s supposed to be a bad thing?” Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “I’ve only known you for a little over a week, and you’ve already done so much to try and help me. From what you’ve told me, it sounds like you really care about how your decisions impact others, too.”
“You’re lying.”
“Because I’m going to solve this,” Tony stated, matter-of-factly.
“Actually, I did try asking her out years ago,” Tony laughed, remembering it fondly. “She printed out the company’s sexual harassment policies and left it on my desk the next morning.”
They had found themselves in a stalemate; Tony almost had managed to wiggle through to smear more icing across Steve’s face, but the man’s muscles were definitely not just for show. He’d managed to hold Tony back for a while, but they’d somehow become twisted together, faces close with Tony’s right arm trapped between them.
“Hey, Rogers. Check this out.” He motioned for Steve to come over. When Steve saw what Tony was investigating, he tensed up immediately.
“Do I need to call the cops?”
“Aww, but it’s cold as balls out. His li’l beans might get frostbite.” The archer protested as he continued to pay attention to the feline intruder. “I can see the headlines now: ‘Heartless Billionaire Kicks Helpless Stray Cat Out in the Middle of a Snowstorm.’”
Tony turned over the card a few times, as if to check its authenticity, then said carefully, “I’ve known that man for
all the way down.
Clint asked, “How much?”
“No.  This is my choice.”
He took a chance, rolling into the cover of a densely packed thicket and squeezing his eyes shut automatically as the hoard thundered by.  They whooped, they shouted, they flung spears, but they did not once stop to acknowledge him.
Do you trust me? 🐼❤️
created an "
“You are a
“Uh-huh.”
Thor threw both arms into the arm.  “Yes!”  Steve frowned and looked down at his hands—one gripping Clint by the back of the shirt, the other
, but I also wouldn’t turn down a—”
“That looks uncomfortable,” Tony noted.
“. . . What?”
“I have not forgotten our objective,” Stovok interrupted smoothly.  “They are anxious.”
“. . . What?”
Then he took off at a loping stride, needing to steer the course of history back on track as much as he could with the possibility of
“Thor’s specialty is hand-to-hand combat,” Stovok reminded patiently.  “I believe it would be an insult to his race to intrude upon his glory.”
Steve nobly resisted the urge to gag.
“I’ll suck the venom out, it’s fine,” Tony insisted, clunking off the vessel.  The heat was intense, but he still stuck two fingers in his mouth and whistled loudly.  Three of the Gorn looked over immediately.  Tony stomped his feet at them.  They stomped over.
“Nay,” Thor assured.  “You are not the only realm with dragons.”  He resumed his narrative, ignoring the flabbergasted looks around the room.  Tony and Clint shared one that said,
“Juliet, the pleasure is all mine,” Tony said, with enough patented Stark sincerity that Juliet actually flustered.
“They’d rather keep the whole pot,” Barton agreed.
. o .
, with more strength that he was expecting.  He went with it, escorted by Tony Stark and their two security guards.
.  TOTO meant OHIO.  “Now I get it.”
Tony gripped his shirt in both hands.  “Please don’t.”
“What d’ya mean, it
“How many candles are on that thing?” Steve asked, quite reasonably.
Clint rose from his perch and greeted Steve with an embrace.  Steve’s skin crawled with the urge to push him away.  He did not want anyone near him.
“Why is it always
“It’s twenty-twelve,” Tony said flatly.  “Give it a fighting chance, I bet twenty-eighty-eight will be—”
me?” Tony protested, already following him.  “You get back here with my
They found Clint sitting cross-legged in a fake igloo.
Stovok stood before Admiral Pierce in an unspecified war room.
“Tony?”
Hello again, my friends.
, but Steve decided not to push it.  He was the stranger, after all—if anyone knew what etiquette was in the future, it was not him.
him eat when he was not hungry?
“Just be quiet, Tony,” Steve told him.
,” Tony said.  “You risked the entire Universe for me, you idiot.”
“Something like,” Steve said vaguely, not quite rising to the bait.
It was a beautiful privilege.
“Would you like a piece?” Steve replied, breaking off a piece for him.
For the sake of completion,
, he thought, gripping the edge as she flew away into the night.
us,” Tony reminded patiently.  “We can’t be target practice one moment and friends the next.
on the soft sand.  “Should we help?  I feel like we’re not being team players,” Tony said.
Tony clicked off the call before the static could give him a headache, then glared down into the muddy abyss.
“Yeah, that checks out.”
Gratified, Steve replied neutrally, “You’re welcome, Tony.”
—chanted, pushing and shoving at him urgently.
. o .
Steve liked him a lot, but he was a bit worried about Tony, who had “eccentric tastes.”  He had no trouble shooing Steve out of his lab if he was “in the middle of something,” even if said “something” was staring blankly at a wall for several hours.  After the—the thing-they-did-not-talk-about, Tony seemed particularly persnickety.  Rico might not go over so well with him.  But that was all right.
“I vote we take our ch-chances with the n-natives,” Tony submitted, arms folded furiously across his chest, wishing desperately he had a parka.  His all-black uniform was only thick enough in the ambient coolness of the starship; on warm planets, it sufficed, but on colder ones, it failed to retain much body heat.
“Tough sonuvabitch.  Nobody . . . gets through that shell.  But they do.  Don’t they?”  It was hard to hear him, from such a distance, at such a low volume, but Tony did not budge.  Let him try.  Let him
“What?  No, no, I would never ask you to—”
“Don’t be gross,” Steve told him.  Tony leaned up and kissed him on the cheek.  Steve
“You have
Tony frowned, looking genuinely put out.  “Yes, I did.”
with them, and the need to be careful.  The
The grin fell off Thor’s face.
“I wouldn’t try it,” Tony warned.  “We were within the ice belt’s dispersion zone when we sent Thor down.  Much farther out, we’d have a very sunburnt Hirogen.”
Unraveling his jacket, Steve tugged it back over his shoulders.
“Thor!” Steve barked.  “Get out of there!”
“Wow,” Steve deadpanned.  “How’d you figure?”
“Didn’t try it.”
Then it was off to the gardens.  The rest of the party was waiting for him, including the President’s own
.  “You can’t, there’s no—”  There were words, but Steve was too focused on,
“I wanna see if Barton will go over them,” Tony went on, speaking more to himself than Steve.
Steve turned to Thor, who asked politely, “Shall we use spear or sword to slay the beasts?”
.  “Marker,” he said out loud, affirming it.  His vision seemed to tunnel, and for a moment, he saw Marker sitting by the grave of his own father, tail wrapped around the stone, abandoned.  He saw himself from a third-person perspective, younger and almost gaunt with his own grief, approaching the dragon, swaying with intoxication.
“Can I post this on my Facebook?” ice cream man interjected, emptying a second jar of sprinkles onto Clint’s ice cream bowl without sign of intermission.  “It’s super good for business.  Celebrity endorsements.  We’re a young startup, you know.”
“I wasn’t serious,” Tony said, then fell silent for a while, following the Nibirans up the trail.  “Are
“I promise.  It’s gonna be okay.”
She had it all: hundreds of cozy beach villas, a statistically higher-than-average number of beach bars, and an equally improbable number of pristine white beaches.  With a year-round temperature of twenty-eight degrees Celsius and the highly desirable ability to produce rain only on command, Risa attracted more than her fair share of tourists, including countless Starfleet officers in need of some good old-fashioned R&R.
Tony paused to give Steve a genuinely perplexed look, reminded for the umpteenth time that he was talking to a person that pre-dated the nineteen-fifties, before shaking his head and returning to his own diagram.  “Don’t you
“Yeah, well, it doesn’t. So it’s gotta go.”
, he thought before continuing forward.
Thankfully, his words finally started working again, and he cleared his throat. “Yeah, I went into town and got a tree, you know, to decorate. So put on some clothes and come help me with it. Or not, we can do shirtless tree decorating, too, though it might be a bit prickly.”
“That’s why I hole myself up down here so often.” He dragged a hand down his face as he looked around at his ongoing projects around the workshop. “I can make gear that’ll keep the team safer out on missions. If you were to get hurt when I could’ve done something to prevent it, that’s on me.”
As the images around him slowly began dissipating into ambiguous blurs of blue again, Tony looked up to see who had been calling out to him. It was Steve again, but instead of that unfamiliar uniform, his copilot was back in his drive suit, hand outstretched in Tony’s direction. It wasn’t some strange doppelganger this time, it was his Steve. He looked… shaken in a way Tony had never seen from him before, a mix of desperation and horror clouding Steve’s clear blue eyes. Finally, the cold that had tried to settle itself in Tony’s bones faded away, something that tasted like shame bubbling up within him as he came back to reality.
Tony ducked his head and pretended to be extremely interested in the box of ornaments in his hands. “Most people just find me to be… a lot.”
—away.
“Great,” Tony said, getting to his feet.  “Let’s go.”
was like, after—how many hours ago had they had landed in Juneau?
are its
“2:47 a.m.,” J.A.R.V.I.S. replied.  “Merry Christmas, sir.”
“This is no place for fear,” Stovok replied, which sounded as close to,
“All right,” Steve said neutrally.  “We’ll be back up in three hours.”
,” he added, as Steve cuffed him lightly on the back of the head.
Tony folded his arms across his chest and leaned a shoulder against the wall.
“Poison.  It’s in your drinking water.”
Tony nodded, then tripped over his feet a second time.  Stovok caught him by the front of his tunic, held him in place.  They looked into each other’s eyes for a moment, and Tony could almost see the earthy brown dirt, the white ocean waves, the strange longing for greenery reflected in fathomless blue.  “Why would you not inform them of our dilemma?” Stovok asked him, an audible hint of accusation in his tone.
Besides: Tony would not have brought them to a death trap.
At last: “It’s a national treasure,” Tony said seriously.
Still: “Thank you,” Stovok said politely,
Rico purred in agreement.  Steve thought it was gratitude as well.
“TOTO means Ohio,” Clint explained.
No, no,
hatchlings.”
Steve fished out some slimy fruit slices and tossed them down.  The hogs immediately hoovered them up.  “This is exactly how I thought my evening would go,” he said, “when you said we’d see some flowers.”  He scooped up some more apple slices before the hogs could settle on his pant legs, again tossing them to the dirt.
About halfway through the movie, Peter is put like a light. Tony looks at his sleeping son with a soft smile. Stephen thought he looked so beautiful when no one was looking. Stephen smiles to himself and looked down.
Stephen sighs a little and doesn’t push the subject anymore. He stands and walks to the closet and looks through his shirts.
“Right. Well thanks anyway.”
“Woah Peter. Slow your roll.” Stephen puts his hand out. Peter slides to a stop with a smile.
“Stephen?” He asked groggily.
“Steve!” Bucky gasped, arching his back. Steve pushes through the high before he was reaching his own climax. Steve finally stilled and laid his forehead against Bucky’s, with his eyes closed He slowly catches his breath, pressing a gentle kiss to the older man’s forehead.
“Steven.” Edwin greets.
That’s Stephen’s voice.
Tony turns around quickly to find Stephen behind him. He wasn’t aware that Stephen had seen him. He looks back at Peggy to find her smiling a little at Stephen. “Ah. Dr. Strange I presume. You both should come with me.”
“Look at the size of this thing.”
Tony blushes and hangs up, just laying there for a moment before sitting up. He looked up at Natasha.
“Are they shiny or leather?”
Tony nearly drops his cup out of shock. “Are-are you sure?”
“Hey. Are we interrupting?” He cocks his head.
Tony fells his heart drop as he turned around. He knew that voice, even if it’s been fifteen years since he heard it.
-----.-----
“If you have time.” Tony felt himself smile.
"I needed courage." Tony explains, reaching for his phone and unlocking it.
“Dr. Strange? I need your help. It’s Hayley…”
“He nearly knocked himself out a window.”
“I was worried about you earlier.” Stephen murmurs.
Tony looks down at the warm liquid in his hand. “Stephen…”
“Peter has been calling me that for at least five years.” Stephen laughs and shrugs. “I’ve gotten used to it.”
“So is that a no?”
“You mean it?” Peter’s eyes go wide.
“Faster!” He begged. Steve, of course, complied. Bucky’s head tilted back, his bark hair spread across the pillow. Steve though he looked absolutely angelic. He leans down and nuzzles Bucky’s neck.
“I’m sure.” Shuri leans against his shoulder, smoothing down her skirt. She pecked his cheek and looked at the scoreboard. “Peter we gotta get back. You know Mr. Lee hates it when you’re late back from break.”
Steve lifts his head as Bucky hung up. “What was that about?”
“Don’t touch me Steve Rogers.”
“Mmm.” Steve smiles and crawls over him, straddling his lap and sliding his hands up under the scrub top. His fingers spread out over the muscle of Bucky’s chest and he pushes the shirt up. Bucky took a hint and pulls the shirt up and off. Steve then leaned down and begins to bite and kiss at the newly exposed skin. He wanted to take his time and draw this out as he knew Tony wouldn’t be looking for him. He ran his teeth over Bucky’s nipples,the most sensitive part on his body-which Steve discovered by accident. Bucky whines,arching his back.
“Better. Much better now.”
“Hello May.” He says dryly.
“Well you should be. I'm not going to let you die because you're more useful alive.”
“Excellent.” She turns on her heel and leads them away from a crowd to a hallway where two other people were waiting. One was a tall man withwiht lightish hair and dressed in an impeccable suit and the other was a woman with light red curly hair.
“I’m sorry I didn’t come sooner.” Steve says, running his teeth over the curve of Bucky’ neck. He feels Bucky shiver beneath him before he bit down and sucked a mark into the hard muscle.
Peter follows wirelessly as they enter the room. Tony was asleep on the bed and My was sitting beside him, reading.
“Stephen-” He was kinda drowned out by the sound of loud cheering.
“I'm sorry.” Came the soft whisper.
“Of course. Whenever you are ready.” Stephen says, brushing the hair off of Tony’s forehead.
“They could be self inflicted.” James’ argumentt was starting to crack. He didn’t even sound convinced himself anymore.
“You don't know what love is “ James retorts, knocking Stephen back into the wall. He tastes blood. Must be where he bit his tongue.
“Do I know you?” Tony asked, confused.
“Tony?”
Tony leans his head against Stephen’s shoulder and closes his eyes as they swayed slowly.
“You’ve been cheating on me for ten years!”
The drive to the hospital was short and Steve was already in a better mood. He parked in his usual spot and gets out, finding Bucky waiting for him in the lobby.
Tony smiles and nods in response. He glances around his his eyes fall on an all too familiar face. Steve. What is he doing here? Tony takes a step back.
“May, why don't you take Peter home? Its late.”
“Pretty damn close.” Bucky pushed himself up to look at Steve as he coats his fingers with lube and rubs them together to warm it up. He runs his fingers down the swell of Bucky’s ass before pulling the soft flesh apart. He runs his finger around the warm puckered flesh and before pushing one finger in. Bucky inhales sharply and slowly relaxes. After a few moment, a second finger joined the first then another. Once satisfied, Steve pulls his fingers out and reaches down to coat his own cock with the lube.
“I’m not done speaking to you.”
“Oh? Why the window?”
“I am here to support my son. What’s your excuse? You never come to the games or competitions. So what gives?”
Stephen looks over at Tony but Tony just nods. “Go help Stephen. I’ll be here when you get back.”
“Oh?”
Stephen leans over the desk, looking at the monitor. “It’s a tumor on the frontal lobe. It’s growing.”
Bucky shakes his head to clear it as he makes his way back into the building and looks for Steve. Tony’s words echoed in his head. He needed to know. He needed to talk to Steve. Finally spotting the blonde, he starts to make his way over. He is greeted by variousvaripus co-workers, who he smiles and greets back. He finally gets back to Steve and is swept up in his arms.
“And what’s that?”
“Mr. Jarvis.” Steve smiles nervously.
“Bucky-”
“I'm sorry. You startled me.” Steve stuttered.
.” There was a whimper before Tony’s hips pushed forward.
“Okay.” He whispers.
“Oh.” Tony relaxes. “Sorry. You look great.”
“Anthony! Stop talking for two seconds!” Stephen’s snapped before slapping his hand over his mouth. He didn’t mean to raise his voice.
Monday morning brought the first meeting of working toward the divorce. Tony dreaded seeing Steve again. He wasn’t sure what to expect or how Steve would react. He was a bit afraid to get cornered by Steve. It was unlikely but still very possible.
“I’m not because unlike you I took my fucking vows seriously!” Tony snaps, feeling his heart start to beat faster. His vision started to spot and his breath was ragged.
“I’m doing my best!”
“We’ll meet you at the car.” Tony answers with a wave.
“The cokiest bastard in the state.” Bucky rolls his eyes and pulls Steve into a deep kiss. “I like you all dressed up, but next time, wear your uniform?”
Stephen groans. “Tony are you sure you want to do this?”
“Stephen I want you to listen to me.” Tony begins. “Some things happen for a reason. I don't know why and I suppose we'll never know but you are only human. Even Superman can't save everyone.” He pauses. “I'm not going to lie and say I understand kr that it'll be okay but you can't let this destroy you. You use this to remind yourself to always try. Even when it seems hopeless. Try for her. For- what was her name?”
“I wouldn’t have too if he just stopped being an idiot.” Steve retorts.
“I know just the place.”  Pepper smiles and offers her hand to help Tony up.
“You are a strange one, Peter. It’s a good thing you’re cute.”  Shuri kisses his cheek.
“I get it now.’ He whispers, standing carefully and taking Peter to bed.
“That's terrible!”
Tony gives a nod and Peggy sits forward a little.
“It’s okay Tony.” Stephen reaches for him. Tony flinches away and Stephen drew his hand away.
In this universe Edwin Jarvis did not work for the Starks so Tony has never met him before.
Tony hangs up with a soft smile before laying back down.
“I can’t sleep. Tell me a story?”
“Stephen, I’ll be fine. Natasha will be there and Pepper will be out in lobby. I’ll be protected.” He says, putting his good hand on Stephen’s arm gently. “You have lives to save, remember? For Crystal.”
“Ana was teaching him how to dance before prom.”  A voice said behind Steve, making him startle and drop the picture. Edwin catches it easily and sets it on the mantle. “Please refrain from breaking the pictures Mr. Rogers.”
Stephen laughs a little. “I’m sure she will. She’s a bit terrifying and by that I mean very.”
“Of course. And then I’ll pick up the kids for tonight?”
“So are you.”
“You were dreaming I think.”
“I’d hope so.” Bucky retorts. “Since your dick is still in my ass.”
“Hey dad! Mister Doctor!” Peter calls, waving and dragging Shuri behind him.
Stephen nods, wiping his face. “I will.” He promises.
“Yeah. I just...I’m going to go get some air.” Tony swallows.
Dinner went off without a hitch and as the night drew to an end, Tony sat on the back patio, nursing a hot tea. He looks up as the door slides open and Stephen slips out.
“I’m the abusive-I-I’m the abuser?!?” Tony nearly screeched. “Do you want to know why I’ve been in this god forsaken place at least twice a month for the last fifteen years?” He flung his hand towards the building.
The next picture was Tony and Edwin. Tony was maybe eight. He was perched on a bike with Edwin beside him. They both smiled brightly in the summer sun. This picture was one of the few times Steve had seen Edwin not in a suit and tie. He wore jeans and a soft looking purple t-shirt that Steve recognized as Tony's favorite. Now he knew why.
One of Edwin's eyebrows raise and he sighs softly, gesturing the younger man inside. “I suppose I knew this conversation would be coming soon. Wait here while I get Ana.” He says, turning on his heel and leaving Steve alone in the living room.
“Tony calm down.” Stephen pleads.
Tony moves and hovers his lips just over Stephen’s before pulling away. “I-I can’t. I’m sorry.” He scrambles back, off of Stephen’s lap. Stephen sits up.
I am aware that RDJ/Tony Stark may not wear prescription glasses but I think he would look sexy in glasses.
“I have to go now but I’ll call you at lunch?”
“He was being dumb.” Tony pauses. “Stephen?”
“You can stop lurking in the corridor Anthony. You have my blessing.”
“Tony, I will help you in anyway now that I can.” Stephen says, moving close to him, before carefully hugging him. He stayed like that for a few moments before letting him go. “I will do my best to see that you are never hurt again.”
“The famous Tony Stark. So we finally meet.”
“I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Stephen promises.
Stephen looked back up. "Yes?"..
“Come see me soon babe.” He says, reaching for a box of wet wipes and hands some over.
“I think,” He leaned down, mouthing at Stephen’s neck. “You know exactly what I’m talking about.”
“I don’t want to drag this out but I don’t have a choice do I?”
“Literally, yes,” Barton said.
.  Not much happened, hour-to-hour.  It took a
“We don’t have to talk about it.”  Tony held his ground stiffly, torn between retreating to patch himself up and swallowing his
Then Admiral Fury said dryly, “Perhaps next time, Stark will write for flying monkeys.  Might shave off some time from our rescue.”
Tony said, “Well, that was exhausting,” and maintained his vigil near third base.  Bruce stood in the outfield, as far from the action as the fencing would allow, still shaking slightly from his close encounter with Thor.
, Steve wanted to tell him, but he let Bruce hold on.  He had dealt with more than one frightened soldier, more than one Captain America fanatic.
Thumping his own bare chest with a fist, Tony wheezed, “Trying to kill me over a rounding error, Captain Obvious?” and twisted around to look at him.
Barely conscious from the latest batch of morphine but pleasantly numb to everything, like he had plugged a listening device into the room next door, Tony listened to Rogers say, “Just don’t get any crumbs on the bed.”
He did know.  If the teleportation room had not been a strong indication of loyalty, the red shirt certainly was.  Red shirts worked in engineering and security.  Blue shirts worked in medicine and science.  And gold shirts were ship operations and command.
“Dams,” Tony repeated seriously.  “Write that down, it’s a whole—thing.  Got a bit dam-happy.  Ruined more than the salmon runs.  We’re working on it.  Kind of.”
“Human,” Tony said.  Stovok looked at him sharply, like he was being mocking, but softened when he saw that Tony was not.  “People do like you.  Not
“Five,” Tony corrected, because Tellurium—Vættr—was Thor’s, now.
Stiffly, Steve said, “I read what was relevant.”  He did not want to talk about it, how he had not touched his
Steve and Tony exchanged a brief look.
Tony nodded slowly in agreement.  Folding was what it sounded like: if the Universe was a sheet of paper—and for most purposes, it was—folds brought two points, far apart on the arch, very close together in a linear direction.  And if Nibiru truly was in a pocket dimension—then it was no surprise that its cozy home in the center of the fold could go overlooked by starships zipping over the hill.
“If I throw up, will you hold my hair back?”
“No,” Steve insisted.  “You are not helping anymore.”
“You, too.”
He parked his feet wide as two red river hogs immediately approached, snuffling around him.  “They’re hungry,” the keeper explained, tossing some apple slices at his feet.  Snuffling snouts immediately scooped them up.  “Here,” she added, handing over a silver dish, “don’t let them tip you.  They’re stronger than they look.”
Radiation: the Great Equalizer.
other songs?” Steve sighed, as a hotel clerk gave Steve big eyes that said,
Steve did not disappoint: “Purple’s gone.”
Steve cracked a bone between his teeth.  Tony whacked him over the head with a menu, hard enough to make a statement.  “Don’t.
Steve stared at him.  Looking down at his hands for a moment, Tony was silent, almost casually interrupted by his own thoughts.  Then he met Steve’s eye earnestly and said, “I’m saying there are more options than here or a padded cell.”  Then, gingerly cupping a hand over his left eye, he added, “Although, if you ever wake me up before seven again, I will personally priority-mail you to Nick to do with as he sees fit.”  He lowered his hand, looked at Steve dead in the eye, and said seriously, “He’s a nice
Tony waited until he heard the door shut firmly before he took a seat.
“Please shut up, Tony.”
“No.”
“That’s really the sticking point.”  Tony dug his feet into the grass.  “That, and the four years of training.”  Looking around, Tony said, “I think we deserve a reward for this one, Stovok.”
“Uncle!  Uncle!”
: he scrambled downward, into the wider section of the cave, because Cap was
“You taste like dog,” Tony complained.
“Can we keep him?” Clint asked the round table.
“Undocumented technology,” Tony repeated.  “Like, big guns.  This is. . . .”  He shook his head.  “Mind control.  Is it the goddamn Talosians?” he blurted out, ignoring three rebuking glares.  Stovok would have had an even stronger rebuke about his use of foul language, but Tony blazed on, “They’ve been on a tear.  Am I the only one who remembers Nibiru?”
He left it at that.  Natasha did not push.
“Hello,” Stovok replied calmly.
Steve growled, a wordless protest, like he wanted to hurt Tony just for the chance to hurt himself.  Exercising his compassion muscles, Tony squeezed his hand hard and said, “Look at me.”  Steve did, gaze flicking up without lifting his head.  His eyes were incredibly blue.  They had an almost iridescent quality to them, at night, that made them hard to look away from, especially since he blinked less often than the average person, but:
, those soulless black eyes said, before at last she turned away, releasing him.
Shaking his head, Steve thought about calling out to him—but Thor seemed to have the situation under control.  “I got nothin’,” he said quietly.
It was all very . . . surreal.
“If you two’re the trouble type, trouble’ll find you,” the stranger said sagely.
,” Tony whined, loudly enough Steve listened.
Back to the wall, Thor snored, gripping the smaller and less intimidating version of Ol’ Pokey in a bear hug.  “Damn bear,” Tony grunted.  “Bet you ten bucks Romanoff got it off the plane.”
Rico yowled inquisitively.  “Wait five minutes,” Steve instructed.
Shaking his head, Steve strolled to first base, resting one foot against the very edge of it.  “Having fun?” he asked Natasha, who had wisely held her ground.
Steve hummed, like he might make a rebuke—
. o .
. . .
Tony did, then looked out at the town brawl.  He laughed at the sheer absurdity of it.  There had to be a hundred Gorn, all circling Thor, politely awaiting their turn to fight, occasionally pausing to pummel each other a little.  They seemed very respectable about it, undaunted no matter how many times Thor picked one up and bodily ejected it from the center of the fighting ring.  Nightfall seemed a distant thing, and Tony thought, “You think the whole village will show up?”
Stovok nodded once, then looked at Dr. Banner expectantly.  “Have you—”
to the hunt,” he insisted, almost sullenly.
“Would you rather be bar crawling?” Natasha drawled.
