“I dunno. What usually happens after an alien invasion? Life went on.”
There’s a brief pause on the other end of the line, and then Tony says, “Always, Cap,” in such a familiar, fond tone that Steve wonders if he hasn’t been imagining the strain between them after all.
. Of course Rogers wears socks – must logically have been wearing them every time he and Tony ever spoke. But even faced with this very concrete evidence of socks, Tony is struggling to wrap his mind around the sight of them.
“Yeah, because I was the one pulling—you know what, it doesn’t matter. It’s fine.”
, they just…came that way.”
“Finish your coffee, Tony,” Natasha said kindly, which – okay, fair enough.
“I didn’t mean to,” he explains immediately. “I know it’s invasive, but the apartment is quiet, and the serum— Anyway. The point is, I can hear it when you start to panic. I thought maybe I could distract you, but that hasn’t really worked. So. Do you want to maybe…talk? Um. About it?”
have written that essay already, and
“Pepper says the statement released by SI emphasized our desire for privacy, and so when we walk the red carpet into the event, we’re not supposed to stop to talk to the media. Oh, but we’re also not supposed to talk to anyone from the media who’s a guest at the gala. Actually, Pepper just put “IN GENERAL, TONY SHOULD SPEAK AS LITTLE AS POSSIBLE” in all caps. It had its own subsection and everything.”
Steve paused again. Tony hadn’t heard this many unfinished sentences out of him since he’d gotten choked by a Doombot last summer. And maybe it was that – or maybe it was the slight flush that was creeping up his neck, or the way his hands were fidgeting in front of him in a totally un-Steve-like way, or maybe it was Tony himself, and his giddy certainty that what he was feeling now was
“Can’t you just fucking—” Tony’s voice cracks, and it’s like all the kinetic energy drains right out of it. “Can you just…answer the question? Just this one—this one question?”
And yet here they were, two days after the swap, hidden from Madam Pince’s suspicious glare by a bookshelf, a bust of Bridget Wenlock the Arithmancer, and nine books on cleaning spells stacked precariously in front of their table. They were looking over Stark’s Transfiguration notes for the five hundredth time, trying to figure out why his “temporary” spell hadn’t already worn off.
robotic—”
Rogers’ hand spasms in his, but when Tony glances at his face, he’s just frowning that familiar frown-of-vague-disapproval.
“If I was being held for ransom, wouldn’t I have
have a company to run, plus a whole superhero side-gig, and as much fun as it’s been to sit here and watch you talk to your outerwear…”
“Nope!” Tony gives him a wide grin. “Too late; I know your secret now. Your first act after being introduced to the wonders of 21st century technology was to take a Buzzfeed Sorting Hat Quiz. Classic Gryffindor.”
Steve opened his eyes. The two sets of footprints were still there. One had a short, neat stride – indentations sunk at precise intervals into the snow – while the other was more like two jagged lines, as though their creator had been dragging their feet the whole way. Steve sighed, cast a Warming Charm on himself to forestall the shiver he could already feel at being outside in just his school robes, and followed them.
“Right,” Tony said faintly, still blinking too quickly.
“No.” Tony laughs, but there’s still something
And it’s not like Tony didn’t know that Rogers was using him. They were never
He yelped and fell out of his chair with a crash.
as a Head Boy have I seen such behavior.”
“Steve? Seriously, are you OK?”
So they eat cheesesteaks one-handed amidst their rumpled sheets. Steve licks his fingers and pretends to listen to Tony’s rambling story about a Senator, a missing zoo penguin, and a misunderstanding with the DC Park Police, and thinks that love could be a lot worse.
) asked worriedly, speaking to someone over Tony’s head. Who turned out to be Bruce wringing his hands and looking like he was either about to, or just had, vomited.
Tony had a vague memory of Natasha turning up the volume on the TV higher and higher, which of course only forced Tony and Bruce to talk louder. You’d think a super-spy trained in manipulation would’ve anticipated that outcome.
worn off by now, and I can’t figure out why it
“Please. Even in this body, you
“What rules?”
“Not at all. It was…what did you call him? ‘Stranger Things’? Cute.”
a genius. So it only takes him a few seconds to infer that Rogers has made some sort of promise to check in with Wilson if he’s likely to be hurt on a solo mission. Furthermore, Rogers has broken that promise with impunity. And in conclusion, he asks for Tony’s help rather than SHIELD’s whenever he doesn’t want Wilson to catch him doing it. QED.
“Relax, Cap. I’m an expert at taking people to bed. There’s really nothing to it,” Tony says, and thoroughly enjoys watching Rogers’ discomfort deepen.
exceed the professor’s expectations, but not rise too far above them. It took a constant and exhausting amount of focus, but Tony was determined to manage it for the sake of Steve’s marks.
So it’s with a strange sinking feeling in the hollow of his stomach that Tony watches Steve wake up enough to come to the same realization that Tony’d had, about the cuddling.
As he takes further stock of his body’s orientation in time and space, he realizes that not only is his face smushed against Steve’s shirtless chest, but that, in fact, his whole body is draped (quite artfully for an unconscious person) across Steve’s, while Steve’s free hand is tangled in the curls at the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony has no memory of how either of them got this way.
, Steve, all I did was say, ‘Call me tomorrow.’”
“He’s messing with you,” he explains to her.
“Wha—
Tony moonwalked out of the hallway as quietly as possible, and then hurried down to his lab to think.
“Uh, incidentally, in addition to sci-fi movies from the ‘30s, I also may’ve gone through a
And then Tony remembers – stupid – that he’s
“I hate to say it,” and Pepper actually
, obviously, but some sort of statement. Would’ve done it sooner, honestly, but SHIELD’s whole PR team turned out to be Nazis, so. It got put on the backburner.”
useless Steve would surely be at the magical theory. And Stark had given in, finally, with a groan that Steve had serenely pretended not to hear.
. Wow. He blinks several times.
for this—“
the one who photoshopped our heads onto the movie poster and then made that the binder’s cover art.”
, that is the second warning sign of Pepper’s Intense Stress and Misery.
“Yeah, I definitely need coffee,” he says, but he squeezes Rogers’ hand just a bit as he says it. The tension in Rogers’ expression and in his grip eases slightly. His lips quirk up into a small smile.
ring the doorbell anymore?”
Alternate Strange for casting a spell specifically designed to make Steve Rogers walk around shirtless, but did he really have to drag
“Stark,” Rogers interrupted, and sat down heavily next to him in the snow. It was
Steve can’t help but roll his eyes.
. He pulls a bookmark out from the middle of the book and rests his feet against a battered coffee table so that he can prop the book up against his knees and turn the pages one-handed.
wished he could see Steve’s face, and on the other hand, was desperately glad he couldn’t.
“Sure was.”
“Look, can you come back in a minute?” He tries to keep his voice sounding even and trustworthy, rather than deeply annoyed. “I’m not gonna dine and ditch, honest.”
” Tony hissed, one eye on their professor, who was now frowning over at them near-continuously.
“Not from a magical perspective,” Strange says cheerily. “The theory is actually fascinating—”
“JARVIS,” Tony sighed, squelching over to inspect the damage. “Start a column in the spreadsheet for “Interests and Hobbies.””
“How’d you know that?”
Steve’s only reply was to grin. It didn’t surprise
Steve wakes up the next morning with the kind of headache he hasn’t felt in seventy years, and an odd sense of something out-of-balance, like he’s only wearing one sock and his body is still waiting for his mind to notice it.
“No spoilers. I wanted the unvarnished performance, baby.” Tony waggles his eyebrows. Steve groans and bumps his forehead several times against the car window.
“Great!” Tony blurted out cheerfully. He shot up from the bench and stuffed three more pieces of toast, a sausage, and the remnants of a jar of marmalade into his satchel. “I’m really, really great!” He gave them both a slightly manic grin and made for the doors to the Great Hall, marmalade squelching the whole way.
All right. Maybe it was a
They fly up to the roof of Philadelphia Museum of Art and eat cheesesteaks as the sun sets over West Philly. As Steve licks his fingers and pretends to listen to Tony’s rambling monologue about someone named Rocky, he decides that seeing America could look a lot worse.
“You think I didn’t trust you with Bucky?” Steve blurts out, and then winces, because blunt statements tend to send Tony into a full-blown deflection spiral.
Tony him off before he can walk back his own suggestion. “You got it. One hot shower, coming up. Let’s just go into the living room so I can grab something sharp enough to cut through your uniform. You OK with that?”
are important thoughts that he needs to communicate, preferably out loud, so that Tony will agree to kiss him some more. “I want to.”
“You’re asking
, he thought miserably, before finally saying: “Look, about what Thor said…”
“I’m fine,” Tony retorted, before he continued taking notes on the ingredients for Wound Cleaning Potion with uncharacteristic studiousness.
There was a pointed cough from the front of the room.
, and Rogers had rolled his eyes like he thought Tony was an idiot. But not the charming kind of idiot who did impulsive things like decide on a whim to bring his friend biscuits and library books, and more like the kind of idiot who was making up an unbelievable story about bringing his friend biscuits and books in order to cover for some nefarious sexual escapade.
“Steve,” Tony repeats. And for once, his name in Tony’s mouth doesn’t sound dangerous. “Nobody is worried you’d be dividing your loyalty. Not even Fury has that illusion – I’d bet the suit on it. The minute we can’t work with SHIELD anymore, we start coloring outside the lines again.”
wasn’t skilled enough to get out of a conversation after that). But Rogers just gives the gauntlet a considering look.
,” Rogers repeats Tony’s own words from last night, giving Tony a slow, steady look, the kind that always seems to pierce right through him. Usually, this kind of look presages Rogers saying something devastatingly accurate about Tony’s general lack of moral character, and Tony waits for whatever judgment Rogers is about to dispense.
doing a rubbish job—“
“Sir, I’m afraid Ms. Potts is becoming quite insistent. She is also threatening to bring out her set of lock picks.”
“I don’t hate having people in my space,” Rogers says evenly, and Tony might’ve even believed it, if not for the fact that Rogers’ right hand is apparently as good as a lie detector; it twitches every time. “I’ll clear the table off for you later, but can’t we take a minute to sit before we start rushing everywhere? The spell’s not gonna go anywhere. Are you hungry?”
needs to stop using Tony’s first name, because it is
“Nuh uh. As the official arbiter of all things 21st century – your words, not mine – I’ve gotta tell you, it’s considered very bad form to lie to your midnight coffee buddy. Big 21st century party foul.”
“I’m not sure we really have a choice.” Tony raises their clasped hands significantly. “Unless you’re
Steve just grins at him, like the utter monster he is, and then says: “I’m more surprised that
“She’s in Portugal for the next several weeks, very hush-hush, absolutely
a stupid idea. It’s…
you know to
“In truth, the house was chosen for its connection to mystical energies, which are not beholden to human concepts like street names and numbers,” Strange continues. “Mr. Stark. Captain Rogers.” He nods at them both. “How can I help you?”
someone,” Tony clarifies hastily. “It’s a good place for a quick break. But it’s definitely a lot smaller than I remember it being. Sorry.”
The door swung open easily to reveal a low, stone passageway extending into the darkness.
“That’s…a surprisingly adequate idea, Barton. What d’you need from me, then? Some extra pocket money? JARVIS, transfer—”
But, unfortunately for Rogers, Tony
So he’d burst into the Great Hall late, a bit windblown from a hasty Drying Charm, and still knotting up his red and gold tie. Everyone had turned to look at him, including the professors at the Head Table, and a sudden burst of self-consciousness had caused Tony to stumble. He
like Stark.”
“Doubtful. Last I checked, Bucky’d challenged Thor to a drinking contest, Scott had a betting pool going, and I think Natasha was offering to, quote, “be his muscle?” Actually, come to think of it, they might all be dead.”
“Not to mention?” Sam adds, now ignoring Steve entirely. “Cheating some dudes out of their money with trickery and superior force is pretty much the
says “boat,” somehow
“Hey, do you wanna maybe sit down? Also, is something wrong with your cape?”
First: Bruce started the incantation, his usually quiet voice strong and sure as he pronounced the Latin syllables.
in the slightest.
worried about how he was going to make it through Stark’s lessons without giving the whole game away. Surely, Steve would say or do something so staggeringly
we had going on: Steve Rogers charges into trouble, and Tony Stark gets him out of it. But Steve, the things I’ve done – the things
He presents his tablet screen to Rogers with a flourish. Rogers scans the list, his eyebrows steadily rising.
. Pepper had been ill. Tony hadn’t seen her in lessons or at meals for days, and he knew she’d be worried about her Arithmancy essay, and probably hungry for more than the Madame Pomfrey-approved foods that the House Elves had been instructed to bring her. But when Tony had tried to explain this all to Rogers, he’d been incredulous.
Tony had been resting his chin in his hands, but at that pronouncement, he twisted just enough to regard Steve with one suspicious blue eye.
. I stand for truth…” He dips down again to press a light kiss to the tip of Tony’s cock.
“I was insanely hard. On C-SPAN. Low blow, Rogers.”
And then Rogers became Head Boy, and it was like he was
He suddenly began attending to the signals of his own body, which had been practically shouting that it was painfully trapped in robes that were several sizes too small for it. Tony had at first attributed that sense of tight discomfort to the residual effects of the spell, but no –-
“Mm,” Tony agrees, leaning in to kiss Steve once more. “Close enough.”
been jumpy and irritable – he suppresses a shudder as his attention slides back to the gentle but unequivocal confinement of his left hand – but he’s not sure why Rogers has been so touchy. Maybe he’s just permanently like this.
“Maybe it was in Chapter Two,” Tony murmured. He prodded absently at the pages with his wand, biting his teeth with his tongue, and Steve had just enough time to cast
They crash together in a tangle of mouths and hands, Tony only half-on the bed and Steve falling half-off it. Tony’s thigh is pressed hot against Steve’s, and his fingers are rough on Steve’s cheeks, holding him still for a kiss in a nonverbal assertion of control that prompts Steve to tug at a curl of Tony’s hair in retaliation. Tony moans and then immediately slurs “shuttup” against Steve’s mouth. Steve starts to grin, and Tony pulls back to give him a dire glare.
Steve’s got his head tipped back against a brick wall, the phone on speaker in his lap, and in some distant, fuzzy way, he’s impressed that he managed to make his phone work at all. It’s still only about a fifty-fifty success rate while he’s
, of all people, and that somehow that will
Tony stares at him. “Unlike you, who’s found being forced to hold hands with me a total joy?”
Just like the night before, Tony wakes up suddenly, with only a hazy sense of the noise or motion that had disturbed him. This time, when he glances over at the other side of the bed, it’s to find Steve still asleep. And yet, somehow, Tony is certain that it had been Steve who’d woken him. He watches quietly for a few more moments, and then –
felt as himself.
“Right, that.”
“I’m not bothered,” Rogers says quickly. His hand twitches again.
“Can’t believe they thought you were
Tony hits the balcony outside their bedroom with a thump and a stumble, and Steve can’t help but feel smug at the tell. He can’t remember the last time Tony botched a landing quite that badly. Before the armor has even finished folding off his body, Tony is making for Steve on the bed, a dangerous gleam in his dark eyes that has Steve shivering in anticipation.
“Sam gave me an address for Strange. He lives in the Village.”
“What’re you doing here, anyway?” Tony asked. “Did you need to get into Gryffindor?”
But it’s also true that what he and Rogers are planning to do with this bed – namely, sleep – is something with which Tony does
Strange blinks at him like Tony had started speaking a different language.
“Huh, sounds to me like you’ve been exploiting Avengers resources, Iron Man.”
with Captain Rogers in the middle of a city street? And then promptly disappeared to parts unknown?”
“If you’re fine, I’m fine.” Tony can’t help that his tone comes out vaguely sarcastic.
Tony isn’t even really certain why he’s pushing this – whether it’s the vague hurt he feels that Steve won’t use the thing they just spent the whole day building together, or whether it’s frustration with the fact that Steve seems so resigned to being uncomfortable.
“…Thank…you?”
Maybe there’s not exactly a word for it, when you’re mutually using each other, long-term. Heroing-with-benefits? In any case, it’s one thing to know that, and quite another thing to learn that Rogers only calls him when he feels he has
“Thank y--”
“—With the
“I do like it,” continued Steve.
Tony swallowed and forced his hands still. From the corner of his eye, Tony could see that Thor looked attentive but not overly so, as if this was merely an interesting story that Tony was telling him.
“I’m sorry, it
?” Just because I’m naturally suspicious, controlling, don’t respect authority—”
“D’you think there are still Acromantulas in here?” Bruce asked, peering around nervously at the surrounding trees.
Have his eyes always been so
going to talk to the media?”
But Strange was too busy muttering frantically to himself to care about Tony’s wounded feelings.
“So that’s how I knew they were cheating, at the bar today. It’s not like hustling’s changed much in the last seventy years. And if they challenged me to a game…what was I supposed to do?”
, if Tony hadn’t been there to catch him at it.
were more careful about striking up conversations with strangers…”
was looking over Stark’s Transfiguration notes and trying to decipher his shorthand.
to panic very often, because there are few problems that couldn’t be solved with either money or processing power, and Tony had plenty of both.
His statement is both the obvious truth, and also, in a sense, a lie. Tony is indeed very good at sex. It’s not a boast if it’s true. Even more than the mechanics of it, Tony’s good at performing the dances that happen
scientist, and not a magician with delusions of grandeur, I am perfectly willing to revise my hypotheses in the face of new evidence. Not to mention, this totally feels like one of those climactic moments where the music swells, and we’ve all gained new self-knowledge, and a certain curse is lifted. So...”
So Tony was now at the point where all he could do is wait for the situation to resolve itself, one way or another. And since Tony was spectacularly awful at waiting, as a rule, he was instead passing the time before Christmas Day by dismantling something festive in the TV room.
, not disappointed
it would work, he could
“So…what would you say if I asked you for another loan?”
Rogers gives him a strange look, and Tony thinks he’s totally busted, but instead Rogers just says: “You know, if we really think we’ll be stuck like this for days, maybe we should talk about what’ll happen if we have to fight like this.”
Pepper also sends Tony’s tailor over to Steve apartment to sew them both into their formalwear.
been what Steve wanted, and how could Tony doubt it? He knew how Steve felt, he
managed to lie successfully to Pepper, and her slightly concerned expression was giving him the Pavlovian urge to start spilling secrets.
Which was why it was so baffling that Rogers was willing to make any kind of effort to protect him now.
“Stopped in Philly on my way home from DC,” Tony says, in a familiar, pseudo-casual tone. Steve looks up from the slightly squashed cheesesteak in his lap to Tony, bright-eyed and grinning like he can’t contain it. Steve stuffs a bite of cheesesteak into his mouth so he doesn’t say something
Admittedly, Rogers’ apartment isn’t as horrific as Tony had feared. Not that Tony will ever concede that point,
Tony’s confession didn’t really seem worth the amount of miserable fidgeting it was being given, and Steve felt like he was missing something.
And Happy had said, “You got it,” emphatically, before directing a pointed glare Rogers’ way. Rogers had made that face again, like he was getting a headache, and hadn’t made any further effort to intervene.
It had all been…less illuminating than Tony’d hoped. He sighed, tossed the notes and one of the spreadsheets into his virtual trashcan, and dragged himself in the direction of fresh coffee.
a fantastic influence on the youth of today,” Tony allowed.
“Why?” Some of his bafflement makes its way into his tone, and Rogers tenses, like maybe he’s realized he revealed more than he meant to.
Despite the warmth and comfort of the Gryffindor common room, then, Tony was almost relieved that Steve’s assigned nighttime patrol shift gave him an excuse to leave. He ducked out of the portrait hole and almost immediately ran into a
with you?”
any explosions. This one’s…“ Rogers shoots Tony an unreadable glance. “…personal.”
“Wait, Natasha, what about Steve? I
Natasha said something sharp in Russian, and when they all turned to Clint, he translated serenely: “She says she loves you all, and she’s so grateful that we’re all here together for Christmas, and if you could please pass her a present…What? It’s not
“Can’t you stay still for five minutes?” A harsh voice breaks into his rhythm, and it’s so close to what he himself was thinking that at first, he worries that he’s the one who’d spoken. But when he glances around, it’s to find Rogers frowning at him from his side of the sofa.
“Hey.” Tony presses his finger against Steve’s bottom lip, and Steve’s eyes cross adorably as he tries to look down at it. “We can save the world later. Tonight, I think we should savor our epiphany.”
“Wait,” Rogers says. “I think I might have another idea we can try. I have a contact in SHIELD—”
“Um.” Tony decided that, under the circumstances, silence was probably his best bet.
. I was clearly lying to spare you the humiliation because I’m a
I missed you.” Tony suddenly sounds exhausted. Steve turns his head. Tony’s eyes are closed, and the smudges underneath might be shadows or might be a result of too many sleepless nights. Steve doesn’t need to be a genius to know which is the more likely option. But Tony’s mouth is soft and relaxed – parted a bit as he breathes steadily – and Steve thinks that’s a start. He reaches out to brush against Tony’s fingers with his own, and Tony’s lips tilt up into a smile.
“Of course, Tony. But there is one other thing.” Pepper winces. “The Maria Stark Foundation charity gala is on Friday night.”
“What?”
,” Tony repeats, like someone just gave him a shipment of Vibranium for Christmas. “Don’t go
would make it past the post inspectors.
“I didn’t know— Sam and I ran into him a few times as we were trying to figure out what had happened to Fury, but he always had a mask on. He, uh, blew up my old apartment, you know. In DC. Everything was gone. That’s actually how I ended up at Sam’s in the first place.”
“Sorry if you have a deep attachment to the left side of your bed, or something,” he says.
A nearby printer whirred to life, and when Tony went to retrieve the pages, found that JARVIS had taken it upon himself to illuminate them like medieval manuscripts.
paid attention in lessons. He never voluntarily spoke in class, but if a professor asked him a direct question, he always gave the correct answer in a quiet, even tone.
, sex was just a way to pass the time;” “two words: zombie fish”). He awards himself a point every time he gets Steve to crack in front of a New York socialite.
to stay out of trouble,” Tony grumbled. Feels wrong somehow.”
“And how do you know so much about gullible Americans?” Steve asked, his mouth twitching with the effort not to smile.
“It is a noble name,” said Thor, seated cross-legged on the floor.
this hurts to hear. The plaintiveness in Tony’s voice, as much as the words themselves, because that
“Doctor Strange,” Tony concludes triumphantly. “Nice of you to Apparate in.”
have the energy to grapple with just how attractive he finds Cap swearing – deadpan and a little cheeky as he infuses Tony’s thoughtless use of a commonplace curse word with renewed, filthy meaning.
“Grey is still watching you,” Steve murmurs. It takes Tony several dazed moments to process the words, let alone remember that other people exist in the world besides them, let alone find the wherewithal to care about
a screwdriver. Onto the
“You get that these little things are
of what Steve’s just confessed, but before he can, Steve says in a breezy, horrible tone: “But that’s fine—“
Instead, he’d been doing what he usually did on Monday and Thursday nights: removing either snogging couples from empty classrooms, or mischievous first-years from the Trophy Room (and, on one horrific and
Tony flips up his faceplate and beams at him.
But confusingly, Damian also seems to believe that if he can just get Tony into bed again, the sex will be…mindblowing enough? Blackmail material? (The logic of the plan is
of it wasn’t also about Pepper wanting a boyfriend who could let her sleep a solid eight hours uninterrupted.
“My condition,” Tony said cryptically. “Come on.”
“That was the pure and honest truth,” Steve insists, doing the best version of the Virtuous Patriot look a man can do when his boyfriend is ruthlessly divesting him of his pants. “And
,” Tony snorts. He slides gracefully into a jump seat directly across from Steve. There’s not quite enough room between them to prevent their legs from tangling together, and Steve’s every attempt to extricate himself only seems to entwine them further. He’s mortified to feel his face going red.
“Oh! Really?” Tony glanced at him, surprised and pleased in equal measure. “Alright.”
Steve didn’t seem bothered enough by the accusation to stir from his casual slouch against the corridor wall.
, and I would never—”
“Yeah but I’m not
fault?” Tony squawks, and even over the phone, Steve can picture vividly the face he’s making, all wide eyes and wounded dignity. Steve smiles and shifts into a more comfortable position on his sofa.
“Um? I called you, and I think I asked you to send a car? I dunno, Tony. It was a while ago, and I was pretty drunk. Can we just—”
Tony was a bit mad, Steve reflected happily. He was likely to do himself permanent damage, flinging his wand about as thought it were an extension of himself. He was also impatient, forgetful, and liable to ignore Steve right up until he needed something from him.
happened here?” Doctor Strange says, and it occurs to Tony that what he’d thought was a menacing silence had actually been what Doctor Strange looks like when he’s at a total loss for words.
. He had a sneaking suspicion that this was one of those Raised by Gilded Wolves situations, where Tony would say something that seemed entirely obvious to
Steve looked suddenly unsure, and Tony blurted out: “No, stay! I was just, uh,
Rogers carefully moves all the random detritus from his dining table to various other places in the room as though they were un-defused bombs rather than, like, three identical takeout menus from the Thai place down the street.
Christmas morning dawned crisp and cold, with slivers of pale winter sunlight filtering through the gaps in Tony’s scarlet bed curtains.
concerned to hear that Captain America and Iron Man were cozying up together on some random street in the middle of the Village because they were
into an adventure. He led Steve on a ridiculously convoluted route to the kitchens, all the while spouting nonsense about having done “Arithmantic calculations to
“Oh really?” said Clint. “I hadn’t noticed.” He winked at Tony from where he was sprawled across three desks, which he’d pushed together to make a kind of scholastic chaise longue.
By Christmas Eve, Tony had tried everything that might solve the mystery of Steve’s gift. He’d made and discarded seven more spreadsheets, and reams of half-written equations. He’d bullied JARVIS into trawling the internet for gift suggestions – JARVIS was still refusing to speak to him for that one – and he’d even tracked down Natasha and tried the begging thing again, but the only result of that was that she disappeared so entirely that nobody has seen her in three days, and it’s only the facts that her tea mugs are piling up in the dishwasher and the TV is always turned to the Hallmark Channel that inform them she’s still in residence in the Tower at all.
fanfiction phase as a teenager. Don’t worry about it.”
“They were cheating!” Steve feels compelled to remind them both.
They were approaching the edge of the Forbidden Forest now. Tony glanced behind him, back toward Hogwarts. At this time of night, only a few windows shone with candlelight, but the familiar shape of the castle rising through the snow was still a comfort at his back.
want to explain to McGonagall why Ravenclaw Tower has a hole blasted through the side?”
“This is…very thorough. When did you have time to do this?”
Tony put out a hand to stop Bruce from stomping through the clearing. Bruce blinked, glanced around them, and then nodded back.
Before Steve can figure out whether it’s better to keep Tony on the phone or let him go, Tony decides for them both by saying, “Sure thing, Cap” almost absently, like his mind’s already jumped to something else. And then the line goes dead.
“Well, what are we waiting for!” Tony said brightly. His face was bright red and he was staring intently at an empty corner of the classroom. “To the Forbidden Forest we go!”
“I guess it’s back to the Tower, Happy,” Tony says as he ducks into the back seat.
with anger, and now he wishes he didn’t have to know how it sounded. “I’m calling about
“Are you…angry with me then?“
“Give me a little credit for self-preservation,” Steve retorts dryly, which only makes Tony start laughing again. Steve pouts and sinks lower into his seat. He doesn’t feel at all guilty when Tony’s shin gets kicked in the process.
“Oh my
“I do if it’s stupid,” Tony retorts, which admittedly is not his most brilliant comeback, but he’s already feeling a familiar shortness of breath even
what I promised, but there aren’t going to
. Tony had forgotten –
? Who the hell is—“
“You’re telling me you can’t sneak
“I’m standing in a HYDRA base that’s set to blow in thirty seconds. I didn’t call you for your
“It was a cash-free restaurant! Can you believe that? Imagine being kicked out of a restaurant just because you don’t have a credit card! And as more things go cashless, it’ll just get easier to track people through their purchases—”
“No!” Tony said, so loudly that the professor paused her lecture to shoot them a quelling look. “Why would I be
Rogers glances up from the tablet, and Tony could swear there’s a hint of a smile quirking up the corner of his mouth.
“I mean,” Tony continues, in an effort to reintroduce sanity to these proceedings, “the Internet has known I was bisexual since before there was an Internet, but
super rich, remember?” he drawls in a passable imitation of Tony at his most arrogant. “You gonna help me, or do I have to call Natasha?”
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. “Yeah, I know you did. It was a stupid idea. But if I’d told him about the party ahead of time, he’d have found some way to avoid it altogether. And it could’ve been worse – he could’ve picked one of the windows that doesn’t open.”
understand.
expected was for Rogers to sound like he’d
the best approach to breaking the spell. He’d had a
“…Because I’m
There’s a sound outside – an achingly familiar one – and Steve stumbles out the door of their safe house to see Iron Man alighting on the front lawn, his helmet already retracting. Tony’s face looks thinner and too pale, and his dark curls are wilder than usual, but Steve could draw the shape of that grin in his sleep.
“You trapped me in a car for
“Student out of bed!” Tony gasped, pointing at Steve dramatically. “
“I…know you were? But I wanted to give you…” Steve paused, and for a second Tony thought he looked almost
“Uh, Stark?”
“Tony? Are you alright?”
, since by the time he’d hit the thirtieth floor, the Iron Man suit had molded around him exactly as it was supposed to do, so
, he thinks ruefully.
. At lessons. With friends. Steve, are you
“Okay, well now it seems even stupider…” Steve swallowed and bit his lip.
“Well, what about you? Were you planning to spend Christmas with your Aunt Peggy?”
“What?” said his evil twin. Tony was just assuming that
. Jesus Christ, Stark, if I find out you’ve put a single finger on that bike--”
“Can you maybe send a car?” Steve does manage to say, and hates his own voice for how small it suddenly sounds.
“So when you said ‘pick me up…’” Steve begins slowly.
in general.”
The even more secret reason that Steve agreed to help Stark – secret enough that he could barely admit it to himself, and then, only after he’d let Banner guide him back to Ravenclaw Tower and had pulled Tony Stark’s deep blue bedcurtains tightly around himself, with only the darkness and the snuffling sounds of Tony Stark’s sleeping friends as witnesses – the
to spend time together. Somehow, in his mind, this is the best way to defeat…what did you call him? Thanos? Hm. If this ‘Thanos’ is as big a threat as my counterpart seems to believe, I will need to do some research. Unless you have any further questions?”
“Um, Cap? You’re very sweet, but I’m not actually a Victorian maiden succumbing to consumption.”
It takes him a few moments to register that the room isn’t just quiet, it’s
“The BUTTS bylaws.” Steve took great pleasure in unrolling a lengthy scroll of parchment with a flourish and presenting it to Tony, who stared at it like it was a Howler about to go off. “We’ve all agreed to abide by them, like a contract.”
. I think I…” his voice goes so low, almost a whisper, that Tony strains to hear it over the sound of the shower. “I think I lost my
“Why should I?”
Tony’s honestly skeptical, but Steve is giving him such a hopeful, earnest look, and he’s being so nice about Tony’s weird neuroses, that Tony finds himself sighing and saying “why not?”
By the time patrol ended and they separated to return to Gryffindor and Ravenclaw Towers, Tony realized he’d entirely forgotten to look for any students out of bed.
, can’t forget that part – is queer. Cool. This information will in no way cause Tony any additional problems or stress.
clear,” Tony teases, as his hand sets a tight, merciless pace. Steve groans and – judging by the faint tearing sound -- disembowels a pillow.
Tony figures out quickly that with their hands trapped together, they can’t actually change out of their shirts and into pajamas.
“It means ‘to refuse to agree to,’” Natasha explained. She was perched on one of the desks in the empty Transfiguration classroom they’d all commandeered for what Tony was calling an “inter-house strategy meeting” and what Clint had dubbed the “Brazenly Unauthorized Transfiguration Testing Society.”
Steve glanced over at Tony, sprawled out on the floor of the corridor with all the sodden, offended dignity of a Kneazle who’d fallen into a bathtub. He couldn’t help it – he started to laugh. Alarm flashed across Tony’s face, and then he seemed to relax, grinning up at the ceiling as all their belongings clattered around them courtesy of one of Madam Pince’s Banishing Charms.
“Nope! My turn to talk now!” Tony makes a sharp gesture with his free hand, and Steve shuts his mouth, looking mutinous.
“No, you can’t!” Tony blurted out. “It has to stay there; it’s optimized for, um, maximum Christmas cheer. JARVIS ran a simulation.”
“Does that mean we…
A group of Third Years immediately started giggling, and Tony sent them a very un-Steve-like glower.
“Of course, how could I ever forget,” he bites out. His hand is clenched around Tony’s. Not tightly enough to hurt. Even when he’s clearly furious – and not paying the slightest bit of attention to their clasped hands, Tony would put money on it – Rogers doesn’t use any more strength than a regular human would. “You’ve certainly never hid the fact that you think I’m an idiot.”
turn of events, because Tony had
glad to be able to shut up again. “And I was planning on doing this anyway. Not
“Right.” Rogers presses his lips into a sad line. “I just thought maybe working on the armor would help. Give you something to focus on aside from—” he tugs at their hands. “Since it’s clear how much you hate it.”
“From what you’ve told me, my counterpart seemed very concerned that the Avengers don’t exist. Perhaps he was trying to force that team to re-form. There
, he orders himself, and forces his hand to stay loose and still in Rogers’ grip. He focuses on the count of his breath, in and out, and nothing else.
“Classic Hufflepuff, actually,” Rogers grumbles, clearly giving up on all pretenses. “And you can’t find Strange yourself? You can’t do your…“ Rogers makes a hand gesture that could mean anything from “impressively complex feat of programming” to “inappropriate violation of civil liberties,” although Tony assumes that with Rogers, it’s more likely to be the latter.
“Well I’m not letting you drag me around my own apartment just because you want to pace,” Rogers says flatly.
be touched by strangers, it’s just that he has a
He refuses to be disappointed that their short-lived collaboration is over.
Tony resigns himself to worrying all night about what Rogers was going to say, probably while also redesigning the Iron Man armor in his head, one of his go-to insomnia aids.
Steve did not look convinced, but before he could say anything else, Natasha and Clint invaded the stretch of bench across from them, talking loudly and cheerfully about tonight’s “Meeting of the BUTTS,” while several nearby Second Years listened in open-mouthed fascination, and from the Head Table, McGonagall looked like she was weighing which choice she’d ultimately regret more: intervening or feigning ignorance.
Tony ruthlessly suppressed the throat-tightening, stomach-wobbling feeling of hearing Steve’s name, which was – clearly, unequivocally – anxiety about the present thing and definitely no other reason.
about this would’ve been easier if you were just
“That’s funny, I didn’t take you for someone who’d dismiss a workable solution before he’s even tried it,” Rogers says. Tony narrows his eyes at the studied placidity of his tone.
“Yeah, well, the old-fashioned futurism was kind of its appeal, at the time. I was really into old sci-fi when I was younger,” Tony confesses. “I’m not sure exactly what I was looking for. Models for a better world, maybe? But they all felt so hopelessly
“Yeah,
They do the same shuffle-clambering move from last night, made easier by the fact that they’ve practiced it once before, and made much harder by the fact that Steve still refuses to look directly at Tony. But they figure it out eventually, and Tony isn’t even surprised this time to find himself falling asleep right away.
“You said you were being invaded, and then your comms cut out. Why do you think I’m here? I rushed back to New York to make sure you weren’t dead,” Rogers says, his tone implying heavily that he wishes Tony were.
“At least one thing. In the library,” Steve had retorted. “But you really don’t care that I’d be missing one of your classes? Won’t Babbling be angry?”
“…It spells BUTTS.”
“Okay, so I thought, maybe we could figure out a way to give him a real challenge. Like, some kind of god-level obstacle course?”
“Just glad we both got some sleep,” Steve coughs, and then changes the subject. Masterfully. “Ah, should we find out what Ms. Potts wants? It probably wouldn’t be great for my reputation in the building if my neighbors caught her breaking into my apartment.”
“Why are you adding the porcupine quills now?” she asked curiously. “The book says we’re meant to do the Sopophorous beans next.”
Bruce grumbled something about “the effects of precipitation on charmwork,” but otherwise subsided.
who’s touching him and not some nebulous danger – which goes a long way toward quieting the mental alarms clamoring for his attention. It’s easier, now, to slide into an engineering rhythm, directing Steve the way he would JARVIS, or even DUM-E (although Tony will give Steve the credit of being a much more competent assistant than DUM-E).
“Petition denied,” said Bruce.
“Tony—” Damian says with a bad imitation at charm, and then does a theatrical double-take at Steve’s presence by his side. “Oh, I’m so sorry, I didn’t realize you were in the middle of a conversation. Hello. Damian Grey. I’m a business associate of Tony’s. And you are?”
“Roll with it? What d’you mean, ‘roll with it’?” Tony demands. “You cannot possibly be suggesting what I
“Nope,” Steve says firmly.
Tony felt himself going a little cross-eyed as he tried to parse his way through that sentence.
alcohol is supposed to cause you to hallucinate, but it’s not like he’s been drunk in the 21
The gesture, intimate and already familiar, nearly
“’Approximate’ doesn’t matter much if people are panicking,” Pepper explains, almost gently, like Rogers needs to be guided through the concept of “social media,” or possibly “lying.” Rogers stares at her in polite confusion, and as much as Tony would love to sit back and let this game play out, he doesn’t want Pepper any more irritated than she already is.
“Y’know, on the phone, I was told very clearly that there would be no clothes. And then, what do I find when I get home?
“Why would anyone ever
The vibrating phone had woken Steve from a dead sleep, but he’d pulled it out from under his pillow and had it pressed to his ear before he’d even realized it was ringing. He’d
said about Rogers implied that he’d be a perfect fit for SHIELD. A superhuman company man.
“Steve,
“I have a—” Tony blurted out, over the low murmur of Avengers playing with new toys. “For Steve, it’s just—” He made a gesture that hopefully indicated “in the workshop” rather than “in the depths of hell,” and then booked it out of there as fast as he could. Okay, so that brilliant stalling tactic gave him maybe ten minutes to come up with something brilliant that he could pretend he’d had all along. Tony had worked under worse pressure.
“Stark?” Rogers prompts.
? Modernity truly has failed you.”
right now,” Tony shoots back. “And being stuck in Feelings Jail with you is already bad enough; like hell I’m
And with that, Steve kisses him.
sex. He’s had enough sex with strangers that he’s learned how to defuse the awkwardness that tends to arise during these kinds of moments of transition: a first kiss, moving to the bedroom, taking off clothes, getting into bed (or elsewhere. When applicable).
the caster!” Tony practically shouts.
to a song on the Wireless? What about that time in fifth year-“
“A what?” Steve asks, wide-eyed.
“Okay, so head’s up, when we get back to the compound, we’re staying in bed for a week. That’s the plan, it’s an inspired plan, and any budding supervillians will just have to learn to play with the B Team until I get tired of eating all my meals off your body. I’ve already put in an order with FRIDAY – we’re talking
“Um. You have a brother?” was all Tony could think to ask.
“Tony. Don’t be crass,” Steve cuts in. Doctor Strange looks deeply thankful for his intervention, but Steve’s eyes are sliding to the side in a way that Tony is coming to recognize means trouble. “You said it yourself. The spell lifted when we kissed. So it was really just a Sleeping Beauty spell all along.”
“ I really didn’t think it would take this long,” Tony blurted out almost before Steve had finished asking the question, as though the words had been building behind his tongue, just waiting for the right spell to release them.
why you have eight hundred of these,” he slurs. He tugs dizzily at Tony, who tips onto Steve’s chest and lets Steve maneuver them both until their cocks are aligned and one of Steve’s hands is wrapped around them. Tony’s body is pure heat against him. His hips are picking up Steve’s rhythm, a little shuddery like he’s already starting to lose control. He tucks his face into Steve’s neck so that his beard scratches the sensitive skin at Steve’s throat, and mumbles something that might be Italian or might be math.
, he can’t.
The barest touch of Rogers’ skin against his, those hints of pressure, the scrape of their palms…it all makes Tony want to twitch away. His skin is crawling with the need to move.
as a solution for horrible holidays with his parents. “And it was an
Steve laughs and moves to kiss him again, cradling Tony’s face in both his hands.
, because my bank account literally contains five dollars and a pizza coupon, but actually, I could use your help coming up with some obstacles fit for a god. Designing ways to piss off a superhuman seems like the kinda thing you’d be into. The gift could be from both of us.”
McGonagall had not been amused either. Hagrid, however, had been
Tony lets out a strangled laugh. “Can you blame me for believing that one?”
“I know what ‘denied’ means, thanks, but I do feel strongly that the name needs a second pass.”
Tony blinks and wrenches his eyes back to his tablet. He seriously needs to pull himself together. He’s glad Rogers is distracted enough by his book that he hasn’t caught Tony staring at his feet like some kind of weirdo.
you’re suggesting. Which is that Captain America should pretend to be gay, and in a relationship with
And then he’d whirled on Tony and done something complicated with his hands, and the next thing Tony knows, Strange is gone and Steve
“She’ll never forgive me for that.” Steve shook his head ruefully. Pince liked him about as well as she liked any student, which is to say that she
He’s desperately grateful that Pepper returns just then, lugging another color-coded binder that she’s titled
Ah. So that probably meant that this
was why Tony kept dragging Bruce on adventures, no matter how much Bruce complained or worried beforehand. When the fun started, Bruce matched Tony’s own reckless thirst for knowledge step-for-step.
complex math in the universe – Tony’s pretty sure there’s a theorem to that effect, or there would be once Tony got around to writing it – Steve was lucky enough to have a
He may not have been
after much prodding, which raises about a thousand questions that Tony categorically refuses to ask), they haven’t gotten any closer to breaking the spell.
If Clint kept being this unfairly smart, Tony would be forced to drop him in something slimy next time he’s up in the suit, just to restore balance to the Force, but let it never be said that Tony is good at holding grudges when there’s science to do, and this project was shaping up to involve some
He wrenches his attention back to Steve’s face, and tries very hard to pretend he wasn’t ogling a man who’d just confessed his deepest traumas.
There was a small pile of gifts at the foot of his bed. They were actually
“How do things look from
. But there was a tiny flaw in your logic, Cap. Actually, no. Your logic
thing Steve wants, so the clear solution is to lean forward and kiss him.
was a great time to curse you.”
you spent it. Come find me when you’re ready to talk about Thanos. You know, the universe-ending threat that my other self risked his life to warn you about?”
you being held for ransom?”
, Steve insists to himself, trying to regulate the sudden racing of his heart through pure stubbornness alone. He busies himself with sketching in Tony’s face.
Oh, his
doing is lying on our bed, completely naked, and trying not to –
. It was unprincipled. It was--” Tony’s complaints stutter to a halt as Steve obliges him by pulling his shirt off and tossing it onto the floor.
here.”
The upshot of Pepper’s visit, therefore, is that Tony and Steve have a binder’s worth of material to memorize, and that Steve can drink a ton of coffee when he’s stressed.
? Unless you’re being held for ransom somewhere, I’m just not convinced you’re a sound investment.
“Alright, Stark?” Tony had been forced to throw out casually, as though that brilliant conversational salvo had been his reason for approaching Ravenclaw table all along. If any student in the Great Hall
“Uh huh?”
Tony blinked at Natasha. Then his gaze swung to Steve, who was staring evenly back at him.
dinner jacket for Steve. Tony’s jaw drops.
“What does that even mean, is this another Tumblr thing? I’m having FRIDAY revoke your Internet privileges. How do you even know how to use Tumblr when I’ve had to explain the autocorrect on your phone
to keep his hands free (he barely even wears gloves in the winter, much to Pepper’s chagrin. They’ve argued endlessly over the fact that the Iron Man gauntlets are
That was all she managed to say before the rest of the class had poured out of the classroom after them, as the toxic smoke produced by their potion had proven itself remarkably resilient.
It technically had been Tony’s fault, but Steve shook his head anyway. “I can handle a few lectures.”
Unspeakable business, just can’t confirm or deny her precise location, you know how it is. So no, I was going to stay here anyway, and
been a hardship, Tony, but like I said last night, I’m pretty sure I’ve worn the suit through worse.”
Steve huffed. “I always meant to apologize for your birthday, you know. It wasn’t fair to—I mean, I just wanted you to
. Again. He could still be alive now, or he could have died in the water, and this time, I really would’ve been the one to kill him. So. Now you know what I dream about. Bucky falling.”
Damian visibly grits his teeth before changing tactics. “Tony, I actually wanted to follow up on the proposal I submitted to SI last month. It’s terribly technical; I wouldn’t want to bore your friend.”
“It’s fine. Already forgotten.” Tony’s quiet voice interrupts his increasingly panicked monologue.
. Instead of installing bookshelves, for instance, Rogers has stacked his enormous collection of books on the floor in the corner. Instead of using his desk for work, Rogers has spread what looks like half of SHIELD’s archives across the dining table. His desk, in turn, is covered in a collection of crumpled receipts, flyers, and junk mail. There’s a stack of canvases near the easel, and battered sketchpads piled next to those, but the walls themselves are bare.
, how long have you been Tony Stark?”
ideas, Clint.”
“Oh loads,” he said confidently. “For instance, they’ll barely question you when you lead them down a dark and creepy passage. Not a second of hesitation. Zero survival instincts.”
“I fear it would make for a very confusing experience,” Thor added earnestly.
But that’s fine, that’s no problem, it just means that this Christmas, Tony needs to find Steve the perfect present to make up for the Birthday Debacle. And, possibly, stay in his presence long enough to bestow it.
“Sixteen dollars. And thirteen cents,” Steve grinds out, hating his life, hating modernity, hating
“Am I calling about--” Steve wouldn’t have thought Tony Stark could actually be
so much to you, I didn’t
“You kind of showed up from another universe and cursed me,” Tony interrupts. Strange’s diatribe cuts off instantly.
“What about clothes and all that?” Rogers had asked, and Tony and Happy had shared a look of mutual bafflement. Tony couldn’t remember ever in his life coordinating the packing of his clothes – which
“I dunno …”
The rest of the day is spent equally quietly: tinkering with some more of Tony’s more urgent engineering projects, bickering over the best ways to fight off an assailant with their hands linked, and eating Chinese takeout on the sofa while Steve finishes his book. That evening, they fall asleep easily, and also manage to stay asleep through the whole night.
“Now you can move around, and I can be along for the ride,” Rogers finally explains.
Meanwhile, the server’s eyes are widening in alarm at the turn this conversation has taken, and Steve has finally had enough.
, that probably meant that Tony was the evil one after all), his eyes and mouth widening into circles of confusion.
, had an entire wall of windows. So instead, he crammed a Christmas tree into one corner of the TV room, which had zero windows and only two doors. Tony, always the futurist, was not content to leave this problem half-solved.
“Yeah, that seems like tomorrow’s problem,” Tony decides.
“Oh, you mean that climactic moment where the music swells, and we’ve all gained some self-knowledge, and the curse is lifted?” Steve teases.
“Well. You do,” he mumbled finally. “Why couldn’t we just…pretend? Until the spell wears off. If it’s anything like even the strongest Polyjuice, it’ll only be a few hours. So I’ll go up to Ravenclaw Tower, and you can sleep in Gryffindor, and at breakfast, we’ll reassess.”
lost to every pool player in that bar until he’d caught their attention. It was like an extremely determined, muscular honeypot.”
, he wasn’t a
So it swiftly becomes clear that what Pepper
Rogers continues: “Does SHIELD have any records on the whereabouts of a Doctor Stephen Strange? Possibly located in or around New York?”
“Well that’s good, right?” Tony said brightly, never one to look a gift wizard in the mouth. “Means all your dire predictions of world-ending doom and gloom no longer apply. Maybe Thanos or whoever isn’t coming.”
“My brother is a Metamorphmagus.” Odinson emphasized each word like it was a royal pronouncement.
“You know, that’s a good point.” Tony peers at Sam as though seeing him for the first time. He turns to Steve and points his thumb in Sam’s direction. “I like him, why don’t you ever let us hang out?”
I didn’t Sort Slytherin. She might genuinely be colorblind. It’s never been confirmed.”
The first thing Tony saw when he regained consciousness was himself.
The cape (or the cloak, whatever) interjected with little rustlings and nudges, all of which Strange seemed to find totally comprehensible.
“Can I talk to you? Er, alone?” Tony mumbled.
, but it’s fine.” Tony sighs dismally and starts to turn back toward the pile of flashcards that Pepper had included with the binder.
“You couldn’t have given your Arithmancy notes to another Gryffindor girl to bring up?” he’d pointed out, and Tony had insisted that he
, so before you go all “Occupy” on Saigon Garden, maybe consider the value of diplomacy.” Tony pauses, suddenly distracted by something out the car window, and Steve realizes with an uncomfortable lurch in the pit of his stomach that Tony had been genuinely hurt by the joke. It’s easy to spot when you’re looking for it – the sidelong way that Tony has of approaching his own emotions.
, actually. How do you think she got her job? Most fun interview by far.” Tony cranes his neck so that he can see Steve’s face as his eyes drift open. Steve notices him looking and gives him a lazy smile – the kind of smile that makes Tony realize he has no hope in hell of purging any of this from his brain, no matter how desperately he tries.
They both lit their wands and started down it. Tony cursed several times along the way as he hit his head on a low-hanging bit of the ceiling, because apparently, “I’m usually shorter when I’m walking down here.”
.” Tony saluted Bruce with his wand. “I petition to change that ridiculous name.”
, of course, but there’s a split-second of stillness – like a record skipping on a turntable – as Tony re-syncs his thoughts to his words. “I gotta say, I didn’t anticipate
“Burns and Allen? I used to listen to their radio show,” Steve says absently, mind still on his sketch, but Tony's amused little huff of breath calls his attention back. Steve wonders if Tony had known about Burns and Allen before he met Steve, or if he’d deliberately searched out cultural references from the thirties and forties. He almost resents the rush of strange, desperate gratitude he feels at the thought of either possibility being true.
“We don’t have to keep doing this if you don’t want to.” His shoulders are slumped, like he’s already blaming himself for somehow not doing things to Tony’s exacting standards, when it should be obvious to everyone that the problem here is that Tony’s lost his goddamn mind.
Everyone else’d had years to get to know each other, years that Steve had spent across an ocean, being tutored in magic by his mother.
, if he’d
“…Anyway, like I said, I’ve still got a friend on the inside,” Rogers says, ignoring Tony’s question with a brittle smile.
it. He’d been researching and testing and double-checking for weeks now. At a certain point, it was time to take a leap of faith.
“I don’t mind.” Steve’s eyes still look puffy and red, but the smile he directs at Tony is genuine.
Steve forces himself to look away from the mouthwatering outline of Tony’s cock in a pair of scarlet silk boxers, since he needs to make sure Tony understands how thoroughly affronted he is. “I’m Captain America, I don’t
Steve lifts his head off Tony’s shoulder, the better to enjoy the shock in Tony’s wide dark eyes.
a werewolf.”
Tony himself was only saved serious injury by Romanoff’s quick reflexes. She pulled him away from the cauldron and practically hauled him, coughing, into the corridor. And then she rather ruined the gesture by shoving him into a wall and saying, in a perfectly even tone of voice that nevertheless promised
His eyes dart down to their clasped hands, and then back up again. He raises one amused eyebrow. Trust this guy to be a dick in any universe.
for creating this spell. For you and your, y’know...” Tony made a pair of fangs with his fingers. “…murder friend.”
“Yeah, but I mean, you
“I was just wondering if you had, um, a preference for which side.” Rogers doesn’t quite meet Tony’s eyes as he says it.
of Stranges,” he says, and Strange rolls his eyes.
“Tony’s introduced me to a lot of wonderful people tonight,” Steve agrees placidly, somehow managing to convey with his tone that he highly doubts Damian is one of those people, and with his posture, that nothing short of a HYDRA attack on the ballroom will induce him to leave Tony’s side.
“Tony,” Steve insists, halting him with one hand on his shoulder and staring directly into his eyes. “I mean it. You look like…an old-fashioned future.”
“Well, that’s alright,” Steve said slowly. “It’s not like I blame you for getting it wrong, you told me from the start that you weren’t sure.”
“Can’t,” Tony lies. “Did you sleep at all? Is this whole thing—“ he tugs at Rogers’ hand “—keeping you up?”
And the pace of his words starts to speed up, as if, now that he’s said this much, he can’t stop until it’s all out:
? What the hell even
more flexible than I’ve given you credit for.”
“…a loan,” Steve finally repeats, once it’s become clear that he has no other choice. “I’ll pay it back, really--”
“Oh trust me, Cap, I’m about to exploit them
“No, but “holiday kindness” could clearly use an update.”
Bruce frowned and peered through the moonlight at Tony’s face, as though some incriminating evidence would be written there. “Tony, I know all this already – are you having second thoughts or something? Because we can always wait…”
“Well--” Sam begins with great relish, but Tony makes such a violent shushing gesture that he promptly snaps his mouth shut again. Tony then proceeds to conjure a tumbler, a bottle of whiskey, and two perfectly formed ice cubes from somewhere in the depths of the car, juggling all of them until he’s got a drink in his hand. And then he leans back in his seat, closes his eyes, and lets an expression of pure bliss settle over his face.
“Cutting-edge nanotechnology is
to say they
,” Tony drawled, like he thought Steve was being obtuse on purpose. “The
“First of all, it was my alternate universe
“You think anyone going off-the-grid is buying $15 pho in Hell’s Kitchen?” Tony interrupts dryly. Steve falters.
And so he also put large poinsettia displays by both doorways, to thwart quick exits.
, judging by the cover – out from under a pile of bills, smudged pencil sketches on napkins, and a manila folder filled with ancient back-issues of
“You got me nothing,” Tony concluded, a grin spreading slowly over his face. “You know how much I hate gifts, and so you got me nothing.”
In any event, in the time that Tony and Pepper spend shouting at each other about SI’s paid leave policies for some reason, Steve actually
part of Tony’s consciousness would
They end up in the kitchen, the coffee maker gurgling happily in the background. Steve has switched his uniform out for a pair of dark jeans that sit low on his hips and – in a turn of events specifically designed to drive Tony crazy – no shirt. And it’s not like Tony can exactly
“Okay, except I’m certain that I never agreed to
“Columbia Medical School,” Strange points out.
“It’s fine if you don’t--” Tony begins, squaring his jaw, looking simultaneously so delighted to see him, and also so miserable, that Steve can’t help the small noise of frustration he makes, nor the way he stalks over to Tony and grips his head firmly in both hands, his palms sliding against Tony’s jaw.
It wasn’t that Steve was
“Really?
Rogers turned horribly pale and looked like he was about to interject, so Tony added hurriedly: “It should wear off on its own.”
“What?” said Rogers.
He slid into a free seat at the end of Gryffindor table, feeling like
“You--”
Steve strongly considers ditching the motorcycle and walking back to Manhattan.
Tony had made the mistake of sleeping with him once, years ago, and then had made the further mistake of not realizing that Damian expected Tony to pay him back for that blowjob with an investment in his new company.
— I was
ago – Tony hadn’t actually
“Fair warning? I’m about to change the plan.”
supposed to be the one with all the bad ideas in this partnership.”
Steve frowns. He’d been expecting at least ten obscure cultural references and innuendos right off the bat, and had certainly
responsible thing the Head Boy could possibly say in this situation, but he’d already taken House Points, so his official duty was
,” is all Tony can think to say, which, judging by Pepper’s patronizing look, was not a constructive suggestion. Rogers, meanwhile, has gone very stiff and silent and wide-eyed in his chair, so it doesn’t look like Tony’s about to get help from that quarter any time soon.
Steve frowns and opens his mouth to argue the point.
“I just meant…do you really think breaking the spell will take so long?” Rogers clarifies.
“What?” Rogers asks distantly as his eyes dart around the workshop, scanning for threats. Tony tugs at his hand meaningfully.
“So, short-term, what should we do?” Bruce asked. “While we wait for this to wear off. Unless Tony decides to just
And when he’d talked to her yesterday, before the whole spell debacle, she’d assigned him a fairly long to-do list of boring SI tasks, but she hadn’t mentioned that any of them were terribly urgent. Plus, she usually gives Tony at least a 48-hour window to ignore and/or forget about urgent things before she makes any effort to track him down.
embarrassing on the phone last night, like rant about partisan gerrymandering or, or…
to look like a futuristic airplane from the movie
to me, especially when my real life felt so clear. I always had a path forward, even when I didn’t like it. But after I built the Iron Man armor, I started thinking more and more about all the science fiction stuff I’d used to love as a kid.”
, I did exactly what I’d wanted to do before. I dove into the Potomac after him, but I never found— He was just
“I don’t hate your couch or anything,” he explains. Rogers raises his eyebrows, gently quizzical.
“He doesn’t know he wants them yet. Best kind of Christmas gift.” The “you dumbass” was unstated but strongly implied. “Also, Bruce wants a new centrifuge. And I know
Strange doesn’t actually wait for either of them to respond, before they’re both unceremoniously dumped back on the sidewalk in front of his house.
“You think you’re the only observant person at Hogwarts?” Tony continued. “And as you’ve so astutely pointed out, I
Punching Rogers in the face.
Tony walked straight past the Three Broomsticks and only slowed down as they approached the Owl Post Office, with Honeydukes across the street.
me to leave you in the evil science basement to die?”
He gives Steve an insincere smile and starts to tug on Tony’s arm. And Tony knows there’s an easy way to get himself out of this situation – has in fact gotten himself out of thousands of similar situations before – but when he searches his mind for the familiar script that will detach him from Damian, the words are all missing, replaced with a kind of buzzing static.
“You’re telling me Captain America
Sam, who’s now openly laughing, finally manages to say: “So Steve got into a bar fight…”
“Well…yes?”
“It’s really not a big deal. I just wondered if, um, if there’s any way I could take a shower? Hot water helps sometimes. I know it won’t be easy, with—“
you to!”
The sun had gone down by the time they emerged from the Post Office, and the glow of the Christmas lights was even lovelier in the half-dark. With the snow muffling voices and footsteps alike, the entire village felt soft and quiet. Steve and Tony still had a little while before they had to be back at the castle for dinner, and Steve found himself reluctant to allow this afternoon to end. Even though they still had another week remaining in the term,
“Um, well, okay, stay there.” Steve rushed over to Dummy, and when he returned, Tony could see that he’d affixed a Santa hat to the top of Dummy’s claw. Dummy whirred in delight at this new game, while Steve continued to look five seconds from passing out.
Really, Steve reflects, his first mistake had been getting into the car at all.
know that was a gay bar, right?”
And now that Tony’s not in a state of active psychological crisis, he finds himself at more leisure to admire what he’d only been able to notice before: Steve’s clever, capable hands, and his instinctive eye for detail work. Tony defies anyone to spend their formative teen years at MIT without developing a total kink for elegant soldering. Plus, now that Tony’s looking directly at him, he has the chance to witness the adorable little crinkle that Steve gets between his eyes when he’s concentrating on a project.
, because
“That’s actually a common misconception,” notes a voice from behind them. They both try to whirl around to face the newcomer, and then have to spend the next several moments untangling themselves from their own arms, all under the amused gaze of Stephen Strange.
“I meant we could get up and
Rogers is standing now, tugging Tony gently to his feet as well.
And Tony realizes that in some distant, unexamined part of his mind, he
forget the Great Duplication Debacle of fourth year. Not to mention, that befuddled look paired with Tony’s features? Made him look like Bambi had just hit a sliding glass door. And Tony refused to believe that he’d
“No! It’ll work, I know it will, it’s just…maybe
plan,” Tony retorts grimly. “And everyone in there’d probably be
“Well sorry for having such a crap universe, I guess…”
“What!” Tony yelped, at which point their professor asked them in exasperation to please share their insights on Wound Cleaning with the whole class.
Now, safely ensconced in the Potions dungeon that afternoon – with Bruce and Rogers sat behind him, and Natasha Romanoff (Rogers’ Potions partner) serenely stirring their Elixir to Induce Euphoria – Tony felt like it might finally be safe to breathe a bit.
Twenty minutes later, he was bounding through the doors of the Great Hall, where the four House tables had disappeared to make way for one smaller table, just big enough for all the students staying at Hogwarts over the holidays to gather. Tony shoved his way between Bruce and Thor and immediately started piling his plate high with breakfast. A few moments later, Steve appeared as well, looking pink and uncomfortable and determined as he marched toward their end of the table. He squeezed in between Tony and Bruce, who made an annoyed sound at being displaced a second time, but Thor didn’t miss a beat before continuing their conversation, just more loudly and over Steve and Tony’s heads.
“What?” Steve slurs. Then he blinks, and his blue eyes regain some of their usual sharpness. “Oh!”
Tony stares at him.
“What--?”
Steve is staring into his eyes like he’s longing to move closer, and Tony can barely stop himself from bridging that tiny space that separates them, in order to learn Steve’s body so much more thoroughly than he can from a dance.
“It makes sense,” Tony insisted, starting another circuit so as to avoid having to argue face-to-face. “I’m like…a baseline test. We can see if it works on a non-werewolf, and then try it on you next.”
“What happened, Cap, gambling debts finally caught up with you?” Tony asks, and even through the phone, Steve can tell he’s only barely managing to contain his laughter.
“Exactly,” Tony said grandly. “So let’s go buy some Chocolate Cauldrons that you can tell Bucky are really made by Cadburys.”
Steve ponders all this for a very long time before saying (quite cunningly he thinks): “Maybe?”
Tony brightened instantly. “It’s actually an interesting bit of magical theory…”
Natasha gave him her best
“What’s up, buddy? You need help with a gift for someone?”
know what it’s like to dread going home.”
. You sound like Natasha. I don’t just want
“Well…who are
Pines liked new magic. He and Bruce couldn’t have picked a better place to try an experimental spell for the first time.
Steve waits, but Tony doesn’t seem inclined to say anything else. Either he’s planning to draw this out, or something in his workshop has just rendered him unconscious. Steve sets his jaw and presses on.
it’s simple – but he’s trying to run the mental calculations and all he can think about is the fact that he’s stuck on this stupid couch until Rogers decides otherwise.
standards, thanks.” Tony grinned and shoved Steve’s shoulder in return.
, it only serves to worry Rogers, who crosses the room in a few quick strides to reach for Tony’s hand.
“It’s not fine, Steve! Jesus Christ,” Tony says firmly. “And it’s not true, either.”
“You don’t have to come. Really. I’ll get more done on my own,” Stark had said flippantly, when Steve had offered to join him.
Tony stares at him, mouth hanging slightly open. Steve shifts in his seat. And then, very deliberately, Tony throws back his entire tumbler of whiskey, sets it into the cup-holder at his elbow, and begins to laugh.
. He can definitely face a mocking Tony Stark head-on. He gives Tony his best Virtuous Patriot chin-tilt, an expression that once intimidated a four-star general into fetching him coffee.
And it wasn’t that he was surprised,
He considered the problem as he crunched, and Pepper winced, and Rhodey went back to his eggs. What did Rhodey, Pepper, and Steve Rogers possibly have to say to each other in the mornings? They must talk – they’d shared a common room for several years. Then again, Rhodey had always participated cheerfully enough in Tony’s various rants about Rogers, so maybe they really weren’t friends.
“Oh no, I suppose I’ll just have to give myself detention,” Steve retorted in a monotone. “I’m sure a nighttime patrol with the Head Boy will teach me a valuable lesson.”
there was an attack. Aliens invaded, blew up my building, it was a whole thing. Maybe you saw it on the news. ‘Battle of New York’ ring any bells?”
“Never for you, O Captain, My Captain,” Tony replies. Steve’s familiar with the Whitman poem, although something about Tony’s inflection suggests there’s a contemporary nuance he’s still missing. “What’s up?”
“You think I’m not independent enough?” Steve interrupts, hurt.
Tony kind of assumes, based on his anxious binder-reading, the Steve is going to freeze up the moment they exit the limo into the noise of the crowd of journalists, paparazzi, and fans. Not to mention the flashing lights of the cameras. In the tiny part of his mind that Tony had assigned to care about this gala – leaving the majority of his brain to focus on more interesting things – he’d basically planned on having to shepherd Steve through it. Which is fine; Tony’s done it enough times himself that it’s pretty easy for him at this point.
“Has something happened?”
makes the Muggle technology situation at Hogwarts seem very dire, but
“We’re both staying at Hogwarts for Christmas,” Tony hissed back, vaguely irked that he hadn’t thought of the body-swap option
“Planted a tracker on your uniform back in the bunker, when it looked like things were going south for us. Who did you think you were
Steve glances down at his completed sketch of Tony in the Iron Man armor, staring steadily out at him from the page: head tilted in clear challenge, mouth quirked into a sarcastic shape, suit brimming with power and light.
He seemed to fit in well at Gryffindor. He immediately made the House Quidditch team as a Keeper, and became team captain by his sixth year. He always seemed to be talking to someone at mealtimes.
might have somehow escaped Steve’s attention.
“Okay,” Tony started, once he’d confirmed that the ward was holding. He felt restless, jittery in the way he always did before trying out a spell he’d invented. He found himself pacing around the clearing, double-checking the ward again. “So this is a tricky bit of Transfiguration, but in
for another fire, but if it made him happy…). Steve, as mentioned, was facing the goats with a funny expression on his face – which, if Tony didn’t know better, he might even call
“Pretty sure you already agreed.”
“Yes, Professor,” Tony said in a low voice. Steve frowned and tried to get his attention with a gentle nudge, but Tony didn’t look up.
“Yeah? Sounds a lot like Christmas in my mid-20s.”
“If you’ve finished arguing with a magical phenomenon, can I maybe get out of the shower now?”
Tony held eye contact for a few long seconds, until he finally sighed and dropped his gaze. Steve tried not to gloat too visibly about winning this argument, but from the way Tony narrowed his eyes at him, he was pretty sure he’d failed.
“Can I go back to prison? Is that an option?” Sam mumbles, probably too quietly for Tony to hear, but Steve’s serum-enhanced hearing picks it up just
Clint it made tactical sense to keep the phone so close while he slept, and now he’s being proven right. It definitely had nothing to do with the strange tendrils of anxiety that keep him awake unless he can feel the phone with his own hands.
Tony rapped a brisk knock against the door in the tapestry with his wand, and the entire tapestry vanished to reveal a door identical to its woven counterpart.
“…What?”
“CliffsNotes, please,” Pepper demands crisply.
did,” Tony couldn’t help but point out, before remembering that he’d meant to shut up and not incriminate himself.
“Tony? Are you on fire right now?”
you could just…come pick me up, like my bike’s broken down again.”
, in fact, hate him, he would have laughed at the expression on Tony’s face. It looked rather like his cauldron had exploded again, but like…in an emotional sense.
Tony, distracted by Steve mentioning his own ass for any reason, blurts out: “You’ve seen
Tony had known from their afternoon in the library that Steve was a good study partner (an honor previously reserved only for Bruce). He had an oddly calming presence, and he listened intently to everything Tony said, no matter how esoteric or disjointed.
And lastly, Pepper wants to confirm that they haven’t successfully broken the hand-binding spell yet. Which Tony points out she could have easily determined with a simple phone call.
“Tony?” Steve asks, and Tony realizes abruptly that his half-conscious verbal stream of instructions, explanations, and encouragement related to the gauntlet has slowed to a halt.
?’” Rogers repeats incredulously.
“Well, I have an IQ of 205 and a SHIELD file with “keep out of reach of children” stamped in big red letters on the cover. I’m kind of a special case. Seriously, Cap. As much as it pains me to quash anyone’s teenage rebellion, I think we need you there to keep an eye on things. You might be the only one who can.”
, but he gets the sense that Steve, once interrupted, may not open up about this again.
Tony smiled faintly and traced his finger over the  “C” in “Christmas” before re-folding the parchment and sliding it into his pocket.
itself into compliance. Somehow – Steve doesn’t entirely follow the trick, because he’s too busy trying to resist its pull himself – Tony teases the angry server until she’s giggling into her card reader, and coaxes all the iPhone-holders into deleting their videos. He manages it all so deftly that the entire restaurant actually
Now, as they wandered through the dark and silent corridors of the sleeping castle, sipping their chocolate, Tony learned that Steve could be quite talkative if given a chance. Tony had asked Steve about his plans for Christmas, and he’d launched into an animated story about his Muggle neighbor and best friend Bucky, with whom he usually spent vacations. Bucky was apparently convinced that Hogwarts was some oppressive institution straight out of a Victorian novel, after Steve had explained that students couldn’t use cell phones or access email during the term. Steve also told stories about his mother – haltingly at first, and then more eagerly – stories about the Christmas decorations that used to fill their small Brooklyn flat to bursting, and how his mother would charm the Nativity figures to each sing different Christmas carols in wildly different keys, while she stood in front of the manger directing the ensuing cacophony with her wand.
“I’ll confess to McGonagall,” Tony said abruptly, tugging at the sleeve of his robe and staring at Steve’s shoes. “She might even be able to fix it—“
“She taught
“Again? I don’t think you’ve ever colored inside a line in your life,” Steve retorts.
, Rogers
“What Steve fails to disclose is that he systematically and
“Exactly,” Tony retorts. “At 4am, you have exactly two choices: sleep or coffee. Trust me, this is a hypothesis I’ve tested extensively.”
“Steve,” Tony mumbles dizzily. “I think we just had our epiphany.”
Steve’s eyes are still closed, but he manages a pretty good wince nevertheless.
Rogers The Overachiever wouldn’t complain about homework. And
“Okay,” Steve starts, after taking a deep breath for courage. “I don’t know exactly what I said that night on the phone, but—”
“My mother’d never forgive me if I wasn’t.”
“Y’know, I was held captive in a cave for months, but all the indignities I suffered at the hands of terrorists still take a
“Actually,” Tony cuts in. “I should really get back to some tests I have running. Those flux capacitors, you know, not very stable. Can’t leave them alone for too long.”
Tony whirled around, trying vainly to cover the multiple glowing screens of calculations from Steve’s view.
“Tony, I’m hours from New York and I have no idea where I am,” Steve reminds him, suddenly irked that Tony’s not taking this more seriously, even though this reaction had been exactly what he’d expected when he dialed the phone. “How could you possibly ‘pick me up’?”
century before. Maybe this is another fun modernization that nobody thought to clue Steve in on.
information had
“Wait. This isn’t the right book, where’s the one—“ he mumbled.
“Nailed it,” Tony murmured under his breath as he dragged Steve away by the arm. The Third Years meanwhile had gone suspiciously silent behind them. “Who knows what rumors those little monsters will start spreading now.”
Several days after his and Steve’s Hogsmeade trip, and a few days before the end of term, Tony was forced once again to endure Potions with his terrifying Slytherin partner. He’d become more careful since that first day about paying attention in lessons he would usually ignore. He learned to calibrate his own work to
Rogers sways a little closer to Tony’s body to get a better look at the housing unit, and Tony thinks “
“If you’re sure,” Tony says doubtfully. He himself is only wearing a regular t-shirt that he’s perfectly fine with destroying, but he feels like it would be weird for him to be shirtless while Rogers is in full Captain America uniform. At least Tony can trade his jeans for a pair of flannel pants.
“Oh, she’ll get over it.” Tony smiled at him, a quick, nervous expression that looked strange on Steve’s face. “It’s not as though she saw what happened. Just tell her it was my fault. She’ll believe
“Steve was just explaining that it was the Shrivelfigs that give the Wound Cleaning Potion its distinctive color,” Tony lied smoothly. “I was very surprised; I always thought it had more to do with the purple dead-nettle.”
in it, am I.”
“Oh,” Tony said again. He seemed to deflate slightly, and he began attacking his Potions notes with renewed determination. “Yeah. Friends.”
“You’re not gonna be terrible about this, right?” Steve asks, trying to get a good look at Tony’s face. It’s difficult because he’s still tucked into Tony’s side, so all he can really see of Tony’s face is his chin, and as Steve is coming to realize, a chin is just not an effective signal of someone’s levels of homophobic panic.
Tony was so great at fake parties, it took him living with the Avengers to realize how bad he was at real ones.
Tony spins himself once around on his lab’s rolling stool, and then – because it’s not like there’s anybody around to see him – he spins around again.
“O-kay?” It’s very possible that Tony hasn’t slept since he made Happy go retrieve Steve. Either that, or he’s accidentally discovered time travel and thinks Steve will disapprove. Maybe both. “Just don’t use yourself as a test subject again, please.”
believed Tony would – and his free hand slides up to cup the base of Tony’s skull in an echo of the way he’d been touching Tony this morning.
right now involves sitting on this goddamn couch and marking up R&D’s proposal.
The morning had not started out auspiciously.
“I dragged you into this, and once you were out of it, it’s not like I was going to keep imposing…”
that) looked nothing like the real Tony! He was fully in-uniform, for Merlin’s sake! It was like Rogers was
They didn’t need to say a word now. Together, like partners in a familiar dance, they both pulled out their wands and began circling the clearing, casting a standard safety ward that would contain any magical accidents from spreading past the clearing. It shimmered in the shape of a blue net crisscrossing the space before fading from their view.
wear his uniform while he sits on his couch and reads books in the early evening, like he’d done tonight. At the time, the sight hadn’t struck Tony as strange at all. Tony has never seen Rogers out of his uniform, and so, like a child who lacks object permanence, he’d subconsciously believed that Rogers-in-normal-clothes just didn’t exist. Kind of like his socks.
“Clint wants these,” Natasha said, breezing into the kitchen at 4:30am. Tony cursed and caught his coffee mug right before it tipped, and then had to juggle both the mug and the piece of paper that Natasha had just shoved into his hands.
“I just got used to it. You know? The whole
Two hours, twenty trips around the block because “we need a few more minutes, Hap,” and one extremely effective sit-in protest later, Tony finds himself standing in yet another brownstone, this time in Brooklyn.
“Professor, are we in trouble?” Bruce asked, clutching a Cauldron Cake as though ready to launch it and make a quick getaway. McGonagall paused, her sharp gaze sweeping over them, and Steve didn’t think any of them were fully immune to its power. He found himself holding his breath, even as he also found himself uncaring about the specifics of whatever punishment she would assign. He looked around at the six of them, newly united by pilfered chocolate and by guilt, and decided that whatever McGonagall did to them now, it had been worth it.
“Look, I know it might
“Thanks for um, trusting me with—“ (Oh,
“I’m gonna need more details than that. Talk to me, J – is Stark Tower under attack?”
Evil twins, Tony felt equipped to handle.
“Please tell me we’re gonna talk about this.” His tone may be casual, but the look he slants over at Steve contains nothing less than unadulterated glee. Steve closes his eyes and groans.
Tony waves him on, like this much is obvious.
“Is there
trying, Rogers, but you keep getting drowned out by this loud whining noise. You might wanna upgrade your comms,” Tony retorts mildly, and is gratified to hear a growl of irritation in response.
“Maybe
Steve gives him a rueful smile – the one that means Steve feels bad that he’s being forced to reject another one of someone’s terrible ideas – and shakes his head.
“The HYDRA assassin?”
“Thanks,” Steve said drily. He pushed off the wall and fell into step beside Tony.
“They do Muggle post here. So you could write to your friend, if you wanted. We could send him some chocolate from Honeydukes, and just say it’s a common British brand. Americans will accept a
“And justice…” He pushes Tony’s pants and boxers down, and then moves to the spot just under the head of Tony’s cock that always makes him gasp, quietly, like he’s still vaguely shocked by his own reactions. Tonight is no exception, and Steve grins to himself before taking Tony properly into his mouth.
; Rogers: finally names
“Weird? What’s wrong with – I mean,
. Tony and Rogers’ mutual dislike was well-known, and everyone was clearly hoping for a bit of gossip to brighten up the morning.
. Who knew Captain America had such a filthy mind.”
“Okay,” Tony announces. He experiences a brief pang of annoyance that he can’t clap his hands together the way that he wants to, but hopefully soon he won’t have to worry about that anymore. “Doctor Strange was charmingly nonspecific about what might actually break the spell, but he did say it was used for teambuilding. And, incidentally? Is there actually a market for magical corporate retreat facilitators? Should SI be planning a spell for HR’s next team picnic? Has Apple been doing this the whole time?”
Steve had continued to believe that he could brazen it all out and have Bucky exonerated before anything happened between him and Tony that was truly unforgivable. And he knows, too late, he’d been as naïve as Tony’d once accused him of being. Steve had assumed that Tony’s acceptance of the Accords and wariness about Bucky had been his need for control manifesting itself once again, just another one of those moments where Tony overdoes things. Steve had missed the real emotional sleight of hand at work. Tony had been scared. And in his own Tonyish way, he’d been trying his best to let Steve see it.
“Not just in the biblical sense.” Tony smirks at him, and Steve doesn’t even bother trying to disentangle that innuendo. “You comin’ or what, Mad Max?”
Well. Almost fine.
to change back. You’ve barely scraped the
He really hopes he’s not still talking out loud.
It was a puzzle now, and Tony was determined to solve it. Because if there was one thing – okay, six things – Tony was uniquely unsuited for, it was letting a puzzle go once he’d decided to solve it.
car trip through New York City traffic to figure that out, so he knows his reasoning is sound. But Rogers has never let Tony’s
dangerous!” Tony insisted. “…Especially now that we’re outside.”
Hogsmeade was already decorated for the holiday. The entire High Street was covered in garlands and colored lights that stood out brilliantly against the snow still covering the ground. Some of them looked almost identical to Muggle fairy lights, although some of them…Steve did a double-take. A glittering illusion of a dragon wearing reindeer antlers was slithering sinuously across the roof of Scrivenshaft’s Quill Shop. Well, that was one interpretation of the legend, Steve supposed.
“Yeah. Thanks, Tony,” Steve says quietly.
“I’m just glad you didn’t ditch any of your stars or stripes along the way,” Tony mutters, and then winces at the slightly bitter way it comes out. It’s enough to sober Steve immediately.
Damian sticks his other hand out for Steve to shake, which Steve of course cannot do, since his right hand is permanently attached to Tony’s. But Steve, who has been kindly and charmingly evading handshakes all night long, very pointedly ignores Damian’s outstretched hand, in favor of giving the one on Tony’s arm a look of pure murder.
“Thank goodness Pepper’s your CEO.”
“Oh.”
“Whatever it is, I think it might be having a panic attack.”
“It’s not fair for you to do all the work, not when the spell’s affecting both of us,” Steve had insisted. “You’ll just have to wait until I’m done pretending I know anything about Ancient Runes.”
“What? Are you joking? You wouldn’t even have designed this if it weren’t for me! There’s no way!”
Who knew what havoc the younger students could be wreaking at night in the pumpkin patch? Or on the Quidditch pitch. Or any number of places where he’d be able to feel the cold sting of winter air on his face. Steve was only being thorough!
“Alright, Rogers. I have about a million questions, but let’s start with: how are you drunk right now?”
“Tony,” Steve murmured, barely audible over what sounded like an argument about the proper care of nifflers. “You shouldn’t have—“
“Well good, because I wouldn’t have answered them. Did you have a reason for coming down here, aside from judging my choices and seducing my bots?”
He grinned at Bruce. Bruce rolled his eyes.
“You need
The bathroom falls silent, except for the hiss of the shower. Tony is reeling in the face of everything Steve’s just told him. He opens his mouth to say something – probably stupid and inadequate – to address at least
“Do you want to try to sleep more?” Tony offers, and curses himself when Steve’s smile promptly disappears.
“Can you visit? Y’know, take the Rainbow, uh, Connection—”
fault that neither of them can get any privacy from the other.
person into the Tower? Or into Hufflepuff, for that matter? I know you did Disillusionment in Charms last week.” Steve raised his eyebrows at Ellen and her girlfriend, who averted her eyes, looking mortified to be addressed directly.
would I say the word “fire,” goddamn it, Stark,” Tony finished as Dummy sprayed a distant and very much not-on-fire workbench that Tony hoped hadn’t contained anything important, but suspected had in fact been a set of nearly completed blueprints that Pepper had wanted done weeks ago.
“Tony, I literally have superhuman hand-eye coordination, of course I’m good at pool.” Steve pauses to allow for Tony’s anticipated eye-roll, before adding with a slight smirk: “Also, back in Brooklyn, nobody really expected a sickly kid like me to know how to play. So when Buck ‘n’ I needed a quarter for the movies, we’d go down to the pool hall and take bets.”
--” Steve makes a little noise of outrage, and Tony rushes on: “C’mon, do you really think you could stand it? Knowing that SHIELD was out there, playing their war games on the world stage, and you
?” Rogers swivels his head quickly enough to give an ordinary human whiplash, his eyes wide. Tony frowns and runs back through his own words. And of course, the
is that what you want?”
, “but I think our best bet for preventing mass chaos and plummeting SI stocks is to, uh…roll with it?”
“Stark, listen, you need to – oh
hoped to avoid hearing for at least another month. It sounds like Tony’s in the middle of a party, something electronic thumping through the phone. Steve winces.
The passage went on for about fifteen minutes, first sloping gradually downwards and then leveling off, until finally the passageway was blocked by a large slab of stone. Tony murmured a spell to shift the stone to the side, and Steve emerged, blinking in the daylight, to find himself looking down at the roofs of Hogsmeade. They were standing at the top of a small hill that Steve recognized as being a few yards from the path connecting Hogwarts to the village. He turned to Tony, who was waiting for Steve to catch up with an extremely self-satisfied expression on his face.
“It’s a common enough form of psychic magic, although generally, it’s used for, well…” Strange regards them with a gleam in his eyes that cannot mean anything good.
And like,
“Oh,” Steve says, very quietly. Tony’s expression transitions rapidly from desire, through hasty repression, and directly into alarm. He starts to pull back, presumably to place some distance between them, but that is literally the
SHIELD. I specifically said:
spectacularly unfair! Massimiliano has known Tony since he was six years old, and yet in all that time, Tony has
to hover, and he thought he was covering it fairly well from everyone except Natasha, but he would just…really,
“But how did you know I’m bisexual when
“No, I like you here, you live here now” Steve replied petulantly staring at Tony’s face and tony huffed out an amused laugh, his lashes were so long and beautiful, especially framing those sparkling expressive eyes, “You have pretty eyes”.
Everything was pleasant haze after that, Steve felt warmed, basking in his friend’s happiness and just drifted as they talked and played board games around him.
He wished he could just move on as quickly, or better yet never realise he was in love with Tony but dwelling on those things was literally no help so the next best thing was getting wasted.
Sam spotted him first and called to him, he called back brightly feeling better every minute with the delightful buzz of Loki’s alcohol.
Sam gave him a dubious look that told him he didn’t believe him even for a second. Steve sighed and looked around. Clint was now enthusiastically playing darts with his new friends while Bucky was flirting with the pretty blonde bartender. Steve snorted, Natasha was going to have Bucky by the balls tomorrow. She had an eerie way of knowing whenever he was fucking around, Steve honestly didn’t understand their relationship.
“Don’t worry Romanov, I was just talking to Tony about some
On Monday, Steve dragged himself to class even though he really wanted to roll into a blanket burrito and sleep the whole damn week away.
If it wasn’t for the way Steve felt completely changed by Tony’s confession it would seem like any other day. Tony probably sensing Steve’s mood (he always did, he just knew him too well) looked at him, intensely with a little furrow between his brows (which Steve really want to smooth out with his hands) and Steve tried not to fidget.
He found them all lounging in Thor’s game room/home gym away from the general crowd, Thor’s family were even more loaded than Tony’s and their house was honestly something college students shouldn’t be able to rent, let alone buy.
Clint snorted disbelievingly at that and didn’t even deign it with a response. Steve had to agree with Clint on this one, all evidence from the past two months pointed to the fact that Tony was clearly very much still dating Lehnsherr. And Steve was so tired, he felt strung out with all the emotions that had bombarded him ever since he realised his feelings for Tony.
“I’m not- Tony, just listen to me-”
“Sit” he demanded and Steve obediently compiled
He had also started paying close attention to the kind of people he find attractive. It was actually Sam’s advice, telling him to think about why he found those people attractive and not just because he wanted to draw them.
Before Bucky could come up with any response Sam said, “You know it’s completely fine if you are or aren’t bisexual Steve. None of us are gonna look at you any different. It would be completely hypocritical for most of us too”
To top off the worst day ever, he didn’t see Tony all day and didn’t even get texts from him, not even the weird cat memes that he loved to send at random times of the day.
seat goddammit.
Steve narrowed his eyes, “Well, maybe I’m just tired”
Well, clearly, he was wrong.
“No matter” Thor boomed cheerfully, making Steve jump a little from his morose musings. “The vital question is: will he be attending my weekend party?”.
Tony raised an eyebrow, clearly unimpressed. Steve scrambled to explain himself more.
“They’re not even really dating anymore” Pepper mumbled, uncharacteristically contrite as she was usually so outspoken and fondly exasperated when it comes to Tony.
Steve about his algorithms and codes.
He had never really dated anyone after that, he went out with Billie, a girl from her Art history class on a date once in his first year, Natasha’s matchmaking was relentless when she thought you needed a date.
Okay there was no need to panic, he wanted to talk to Tony as soon as possible anyway and have things cleared up. There was no cause for panic but why was he sweating, oh god, his heart started hammering. Steve swallowed his coffee down in two great gulps, feeling the headache alleviate some.
“Did you think saying ‘No’ like a normal fucking person would not be enough to fend me off? Did you think that lowly of me?! I thought I was your friend Steve, What the fuck is your reason for that?”
He was too late and Tony had a boyfriend who he was obviously smitten with, seeing as he introduced him to his friends (and Steve) which he never bother to. Lehnsherr was obviously not just a one-night stand, Steve was such an idiot. He wanted to cry, he wanted to curse and punch something. He wanted the weather to get a hint and not be so fucking bright and cheery, he would love to get soaked right now, even if it was just to be dramatic.
He had been inordinately happy at finally solving his problem and extremely giddy thinking about being Tony’s boyfriend.
He had to be hundred percent sure that he wanted to have a relationship with him, Tony deserved that much.
“He has this experiment he’s been doing with all sorts of alcohol, probably not even legal. He perfected this one a few days ago and most of us from the study group passed out after two shots. He was completely annoyed when only Thor seemed less affected and kept complaining about wanting more subjects to test it on” Tony recalled, his voice familiar and calming and Steve felt content and happy.
There was one time when a lesbian couple had moved in below their apartment and the little old ladies were properly appalled and scandalized.
"Hmm... well, then would you like to come over and see my painting collection?" he peered up at him, everything from his tone to his expression deceptively innocent.
“I had it all planned out, I was gonna- well, it doesn’t matter anymore because I was too late and you were already with Erik, clearly over your crush on me”
Tony grinned into the kiss and Steve was helplessly doing the same, he was so fucking happy.
“And why are you so generously offering me this?” Steve retorted, he didn’t even want to know how Loki had figured that out.
It made his heart race and palms sweaty just imagining what it would be like, it would be amazing, he’d probably taste like the toffee candy that he always munched on non-stop and Steve was infinitely tempted to find out personally.
Clint crowed in delight and started tapping happily away on his phone while Bucky face-palmed and groaned into his hands. Steve blinked and Tony was slapping his back excitedly (the contact tingled).
“I thought I was straight when you asked me out-” Tony snorted in disbelief, “No, I promise you Tony. I genuinely didn’t know I liked guys as well, I never thought about it. It was actually because of you that I started to realise I wasn’t quite as straight as I thought I was”
He didn’t want to mingle yet so he stayed in the kitchen while Bucky went to find Natasha and their other friends. A few people came in and out but no one bothered him.
And he had always thought Tony felt the same way about that too.
He had been a little late because Rumlow had stopped him on his way to ask some stupid questions about substituting for one of the player in the college football team, he had turned it down firmly, he hadn’t played football since high school, not properly anyway. What was Rumlow even thinking asking Steve when there were probably so many others who were interested.
Nat just rolled her eyes and gestured at him to stop standing like an idiot and walk to their table.
It had been a great feeling, getting it off his chest and Bucky had called him an idiot but crushed him with the fiercest hug afterwards.
“I mean you’re obviously my best friend and I love you but I don’t like you like that?” He rushed out to say.
He had watched the video avidly at first, curious about how things were with two men and had drifted off into his imagination after a few minutes.
Beside them Rhodey muttered “Oh my god I’m leaving” and promptly left, probably to join the others who had moved on to a game of twister.
“You’re trying to get drunk before Stark arrive no? I guarantee this will help”
He spotted Natasha’s red hair first, she was perched on the table with one foot on a chair talking quietly with someone. Steve’s breath caught when he finally saw who she was talking to, Tony was standing near the counter, disheveled and soft, looking weary and sad.
Steve felt electrified at the touch, it was even more perfect than he had imagined. Now that he wasn’t caught off guard or frozen in shock, he gave as good as he got. And it was glorious, the slide of Tony’s plump lips over his and the electrified feeling as Tony darted out his tongue to lick over Steve's lips.
“I love you” Steve breathed out.
And he was surprised to find that thinking about making out with a random attractive man was as appealing as an attractive woman. But still, he wanted to be sure so he put those thoughts on the back burner for a while because it was taking up too much of his head space.
"If you two don't stop necking at the breakfast table right the fuck now, I'm gonna burn both your eggs"
“Are you allowed to go back to your house now?” Pepper asked.
“Holy shit! Wait, okay wait. When?”
with full Brooklyn accent that showed how seriously irritated he was and Steve had told him everything.
Steve, for the third time in twenty-four hours, was again in complete shock. He gaped at Bucky and then spluttered “I looked up to him! It was admiration” he insisted even though he already knew it had probably been more than that.
have time to hang out with him and made him a priority. “You always leave me alone to go with the shark”, he mumbled miserably.
Only Janet looked sympathetic and Steve instantly liked the woman, he didn’t know her very well, she was Tony’s friend from another high socialite family and was a fashion designing major, Steve had always thought her clothes were very beautiful and he told her so.
He sighed again and turned to Sam who was looking at him expectantly, “I think I might be bisexual” he blurted out.
Steve went back to the dorm, returning greetings here and there, not really seeing who they were and not stopping for any conversation along the way. He didn’t know why the confession shocked him so much, wait scratch that, he knew why he was shocked, he just didn’t know why he was so affected by it.
The guy, Lehnsherr or something, had been at his seat when Steve reached their table a little later than usual and he was now talking quietly to Tony who looked quite agitated, their conversation was too low for Steve to hear from his seat.
He had spent all his weekend catching up on his assignments and working overtime at his weekend job at Phil’s restaurant to keep himself busy and not brood over The Tony Situation as he dubbed it in his head. He was sore from lifting all those boxes and cleaning up after Peter, the new waiter who was so nervous that he actually broke four plates.
✪✪✪                                                            ✪✪✪                                                             ✪✪✪
“Oh my god, shut up Steve! I am fucking in love with you”
“Steve?” Tony sounded very confused and a little strangled as he looked up at Steve from his sprawled position.
“Okay Steve, I want you to listen to me carefully and not interrupt me while I talk alright?”
Steve went through his morning classes morosely, even the fine art class couldn’t cheer him up. He hoped Tony would talk to him soon, he truly wanted to give him space but maybe it won’t hurt to send just one text to see if he was okay.
In his haste, he forgot all about the coffee table and he tripped, stumbled and flailed trying to balance himself but his limbs were not cooperating, he promptly fell face down on the floor with a thump. He wanted to get up but his limbs were jelly, not doing what he desperately wanted them to do. He turned on his side with difficultly and he saw Tony pause with his hands on the door knob looking back at him.
“Well, I-um- I- Tony, I’m straight”
They both stopped talking at once and whipped their heads towards him at the sounds of his approaching footsteps.
He was grinning from ear to ear, feeling so much better after talking to them. Maybe he’d drink a little more, he just loved his friends
Steve didn’t know how much time passed before Tony finally showed up with Lehnsherr and his group of friends. His world immediately brightened and darkened at the same time, it was a complicated feeling and Steve was too relaxed to even analyse it.
Tony immediately came to view and was smiling at Steve, he was so beautiful in his leather jacket and skinny jeans with wind tousled hair. Steve could only stare in wonder at how he had never noticed the fluttery feeling in his stomach every time Tony smiled at him.
He leaned down with his lips just shy of touching Tony's sensitive ears, "Yes, I'll come to your place and admire your art collection all day long, over and over again" He rumbled and felt extremely smug when Tony shuddered full-bodied with a tight grip on Steve's arm, squirming a little in his lap.
Clint and Rhodey started making gagging sounds, loudly protesting the PDA. "There are children in here!" Clint exclaimed.
Sure, he flirted around but he was never really serious, he flirted with everyone, even the vending machine sometimes. It was amusing to watch most of the time and that was Tony just being Tony, Steve never thought twice about it even when Tony flirted with him.
✪✪✪                                                            ✪✪✪                                                             ✪✪✪
Things had been quite normal for a few days after Tony’s announcement in the cafeteria, Pepper had told the others that Erik and Tony had been messing around for a few days and had apparently decided to be in a relationship the night of Janet’s party. (Steve had been so close it hurts).
“I-well, Charles is really smart, you know” Tony said sheepishly while Steve squinted not really seeing the correlation, “He’s smart and he and Erik had fascinating theories about genetics and mutation which is really interesting if I can incorporate the theories for my AI projects but- well the point is Charles is smart and we had a lot of things we wanted to research together”, he sighed and darted his eyes away.
Rogers shoots him a startled glance, and then his mouth twitches up into another one of those small, slightly wry smiles. It’s there for an instant, and then gone again by the time he turns back to Pepper.
, Natasha?” Tony wiggled his eyebrows. Romanoff looked deeply unimpressed.
Tony is suddenly, viscerally aware of their respective positions: they’d both turned to face the other, and even inched closer to see better in the dark, so that now there’s only maybe a foot of space between them. Their hands are still clasped, and as much as Tony knows they have no choice about that, it suddenly feels like such an
“I’ll go to McGonagall quietly,” Tony said morosely, before Rogers had the opportunity to demand it like the Auror he would probably one day become.
“How strange,” Natasha said sweetly. “Isn’t that your signature at the bottom of this parchment? And if we performed a notary charm, I’m
“Well,” Steve huffs. “It was an act of protest, of course.”
“Oh, Tony, you don’t understand.” Pepper lets out a sharp giggle. Then she pulls her hair out of its ponytail, runs her hand through it, and ties it back again. And oh
“Do you think the spell did something to his brain?” Good Twin Tony (ugh, fine,
“Um, are you…okay?” continued his evil twin (and
. At first I thought it was me, but um,” Rogers looks awkward. “I can hear your breathing,” he rushes out in a low tone, face flushing.
But maybe it was still obvious in some way. Maybe there was some glaring tell in the way that he moved, or sat, or…inhabited space. Maybe everyone had immediately seen how Steve felt. Oh God, maybe
restraint right now; this is me
“That,” said a sharp voice from the doorway, “would be unwise.”
“When you say it like that, it just sounds stupid,” he mumbles.
you going to say, then?”
They stay like that for a few moments, with Tony leaning his head against the bathroom wall, mind drifting, trying not to fall asleep completely to the soothing white noise of the shower.
“Oh. Um.” Steve says, totally undoing Tony’s masterful performance of chillness by angling himself away. A faint blush has risen to his cheeks, and his eyes dart to Tony’s chest and away again. The blush deepens.
Several hours and one bottle of bourbon later, Tony and Thor were still in the TV room, doing unspeakable things to the Christmas decorations in the service of a traditional Asgardian Yule. Thor, who’d been supplementing his glasses of bourbon with something from a flask that shimmered oddly in the light and that he hadn’t allowed Tony to touch, was looking remarkably unsteady as he and Tony rewired a light-up reindeer into the shape of a goat.
“If you know what spell it is, does that mean you can undo it?”
?” If Steve wasn’t quite so drunk, he’d think Tony sounded hurt, but that doesn’t make any sense. The alcohol must be muddling things up.
, this was the textbook definition of an epiphany! What more do you
Twenty minutes later, Steve Rogers bursts into Tony’s workshop in all his shield-wielding glory to find Tony gazing at the empty space where a wizard from another universe – apparently – had just disappeared in a gratifyingly cinematic puff of smoke.
“Yes, thank God you’ve avoided that trap,” Rogers says, utterly deadpan.
, Tony thinks hysterically. After all of Pepper’s meticulous preparation for every awkward eventuality they might encounter at this gala, perhaps the one scenario she
was flipping through reference books on the Animagus transformation and mumbling to himself.
successfully that the first time Steve saw more than a glimpse of his unruly curls hurrying the other way down a corridor, it was their first Potions lesson of the new year.
should be the one to cast it on
,” and decides that smothering himself with coffee beans might be the better part of valor.
“It’s fine,” Rogers interrupts whatever horrifying thing Tony was about to say, and Tony is
keep the coms clear, and this will only spur him to greater, more embarrassing heights – Steve presses redial and waits for death to take him.
Tony was used to waking up to strange things. It was one of the more common side-effects of his inventions, along with minor injuries to his hands, his friends refusing to eat anything he handed them, and slime.
“…Because he was hustling pool,” Sam continues, and
“It’s
a big deal it would be for Steve to change out of his own uniform. So Tony suppresses his instinct to flinch, or to angle his chest away from Steve, and instead acts like absolutely nothing out of the ordinary is happening. Which it isn’t.
read through the Proposal Protocol binder.
is the worst thing I’ve ever made you do? Just on balance of probability, I feel like that can’t be true. What about that time we tried to dye the Fat Friar’s ectoplasm? What about that time we snuck into McGonagall’s office and found her
“I guess it does make sense,” Steve muses. “Like,
of defeating Thanos is one where the Avengers remain whole and undivided. Do you understand? No matter what else happens, it’s
Steve glanced sidelong at him; Tony was refusing to meet his eye.
. Rogers is definitely weird about his apartment, and hiding it. He’d grabbed on to that excuse too quickly for it to be the whole story. And five minutes ago, he’d been just as desperate as Tony for the spell to be broken. Tony had perfected the art of misdirection by the age of 18. Does Rogers really think he can fool him?
And Tony just does
on the Bruce Banner Rubric.
Happy’s appearance forces Tony to grapple with the very real possibility that they
“You know, I’ve always wondered: there must’ve been a moment when you were holding all of SHIELD’s secrets in your hands, right? Everything HYDRA had done in their name. Weren’t you tempted to expose them completely? I mean, if a design’s not coming together, sometimes the only option is to tear it apart and start all over again. Like SHIELD Mark 2. But you didn’t do that.”
know that, because neither of you could shut up about rotation speeds the whole time I was trying to watch
,” Steve insists, trying to push past the floaty sensations in his brain to catch what he
Meanwhile, Rogers looks determined, and still a little angry, and like he has no idea that Tony’s real name has just slipped out of his mouth for perhaps the first time.
A few seconds later, Pepper’s irate face appears on the screen of Tony’s tablet.
“Mm, that’s me. The figure of authority in this relationship.” Tony rolls toward Steve with a grin, giving him a slightly off-target kiss and then staying there, head resting against Steve’s shoulder. “What’re they up to, anyway? They asleep?”
“What’re you doing up so late?”
“I still don’t see why we had to come
Rogers is flinging himself through Tony’s doorway like a silent film star gearing up to untie his sweetheart from the train tracks.
“Oh no, I missed my chance, remember? Your photos made that
“Uh, Tony, you’re supposed to petition the chairman if you have a motion,” Steve said seriously.
Which means Steve’s weird Tony Sense had actually been
“Hiding out from assholes, just another perk of fake-dating Tony Stark,” Tony says flippantly.
By the time Happy arrives, Tony has learned that if Rogers were a tree, he would be “um…an oak? I guess,” that his favorite ice cream flavor is vanilla (
“No.” The sound is stifled, more like a gasp than a word. Steve’s jaw clenches in his sleep, and his fingers twitch in Tony’s hand. His eyes are still closed, but his brow is furrowed like he’s in pain. “Please. Buck—“ The rest of the name is swallowed down as Steve’s eyes fly open.
“It’s amazing,” Steve breathed out.
“We tacticians prefer to call it
Steve’s not even sure what to do next. How do you summon help for a possibly-on-fire motorcycle in this century? He may have navigated the forests of Italy without a second thought, but it had never felt as much like hostile territory as his single foray into a rest stop Panera.
I’ll agree to this under
So the painfully attractive man that Tony is forced to sleep with for the foreseeable future – and who is also
But Rogers doesn’t need to know that.
like a villain Tony’s fought…did they
easier to endure someone else’s family than your own.”
“Tony.”
The time they’ve spent stuck together has taken on a stretched, enduring quality in Tony’s mind. Maybe because they’ve been trapped in the same space, alone together, like Steve’s apartment is a little pocket universe away from their real lives, but it definitely feels like Doctor Strange’s appearance in Tony’s lab happened weeks ago, rather than only a handful of days. So much has changed since then.
, despite what Rhodey had always claimed. Seven years of friendship and Rhodey can’t even forgive Tony for a mere
What Tony doesn’t say – but assumes they already know – is that the information that he and Rogers are both down a hand would be like catnip to evildoers.
“Nah. Sleep or coffee, remember? I don’t remember ‘brooding silently in the dark’ being on that list, do you?”
“I’ve been monitoring your spell from afar. I could sense that it had lifted,” Strange says briskly.
“Yeah, I realized that,” Rogers says ruefully when Tony points it out. “It’s not a big deal. I’ve had to keep the uniform on for longer, and under worse conditions. At least we’re not in a swamp.”
“Oh, sorry, I’d really hate for my presence to disrupt the aesthetic you’ve cultivated here, between the piles of water-stained paperbacks and that entire shelf of chipped mugs over there.”
“Superhero, super genius,
And yeah, Steve probably
“Oh come
). The red and gold of Gryffindor flashed across his field of view, and Tony was forced to come to several unfortunate realizations.
By the second hour of the same interminable conversation repeated
retorted, even though he’d wanted to).
“Tony Stark, nice to meet you.” Tony offers his hand and another one of those devastating grins.
that flickers across Tony’s face then, like it doesn’t quite know where to land.
“This might sound a little strange…” Rogers begins, and with an opening like that, how could Tony possibly resist?
“Well, yeah, I know I acted like an idiot – figured I’d give you a free chance to make fun of me. Call it a ‘thank you’ for getting me home.”
feels worse than being used.
“Am I Sandra Bullock or Ryan Reynolds in this scenario?” Tony asks when he sees the name. “I mean, Pepper’s obviously Betty White. How about you, Steve? Sandra or Ryan? Thoughts?”
When they finally make it to Rogers’ bedroom, Tony finds it just as cluttered as the rest of his apartment. Thankfully, the neatly made, queen-sized bed is mostly clear of the odds-and-ends that cover every other surface in the room.
“Stark! Are you even listening to me?” a sharp voice sounds through his lab speakers.
“Could do with an extraction any time, Iron Man.”
me to!”
“Yes, that must suck,” Thor said gravely, and Tony burst into laughter.
HYDRA’s security protocols resetting to know that they are. “And also this—" a last flourish with the keyboard, and Tony would give almost anything to see Rogers’ face right now, as a hidden door swings open right beside him. Not hidden enough from Tony, once he started poking around in the guts of HYDRA’s system “But you gotta admit, the jokes did keep you busy long enough for me to get some actual work done.”
saw it. A little old-fashioned for a futurist, don’t you think?”
“Stephen Strange, you dirty man.” Tony shakes his head in delight.
“Rainbow Bridge.”
into his phone. His eyes slide around the packed pho restaurant -- he clocks at least seven iPhones taking surreptitious video – and back up to his server. She looms over him and his empty bowl of noodles, and huffs theatrically.
“Human
“Therapy.” And that gleam transforms into outright laughter.
build this yourself, didn’t you?” Rogers turns his head slowly, away from the coffee maker and toward Tony.
“I know,” Steve answers. He’s momentarily shocked by the sincerity in his own voice, but then, he’s never been much for stealth himself. He reaches out to tap Tony briefly on the knee, to call his attention back from the window. Tony’s head whips around, looking startled and oddly caught-out, and Steve gives him what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “Thank you.”
Steve wasn’t sure what he’d expected pretending to be Tony Stark would be like, but “skiving off lessons to work in the library instead” was definitely not part of it.
“Okay, so there was this wizard from another dimension, and in conclusion, me’n’Rogers are cursed to hold hands until we break a magic spell.”
, Tony thinks.
“I’m an adult, I can wait,” Bruce said, already tearing at the wrapping paper. “Ooh, a centrifuge! Is this the one—”
been playing with nanotechnology lately,” he muses. “I’ve been thinking about ways I might incorporate it into the suit. There’s a preliminary prototype I’ve been tinkering with in my spare time. It’s possible that a gauntlet made out of nanoparticles could adjust itself to form around both our hands. We’d still have to seriously coordinate our fighting styles, but the main snag to this plan is that I’d have to finish the prototype for the housing unit by hand.”
He wasn’t normally good at these sorts of conversations, but this one hadn’t been so bad.
, or I’ll charge you five million percent interest. On your
“JARVIS?”
words, about
Tony glances over at him in shock, certain for a moment that he’d said what he was thinking out loud without noticing – it happens more often that he’d like – but then he remembers what they’d been talking about.
— and do you realize how
wrong. About me. At least. Even if the details were…ambitious.”
“You said the spell can’t be removed until the terms are fulfilled?” Rogers muses, getting them all back on track. “What exactly are the terms?”
“Wait, no, that isn’t--” he rushes to say, before he stalls, and has to take a deep breath to start again. “I keep trying to…do the right thing, with you, but somehow I keep screwing it up. I only meant. I wanted you to be safe, and I wanted you to keep the Avengers, and it seemed like I was just making that harder for you. I couldn’t have left for anything less. That’s all I—um.”
“Pep! To what do I owe this arson?”
?” Tony had laughed. “I mean, sure, sometimes, when he
“I hated being a soldier,” Steve finally blurts out, and waits for Tony’s inevitable shock and horror. But Tony just hums lightly under his breath and waits. Steve considers that maybe the only person that admission had shocked had been himself.
“Why I am I even explaining this to you? This is still
Romanoff shrugged. She’d gone very quickly from threats to offers of help, Tony reflected. Maybe to Slytherins, mutually assured blackmail was some sort of declaration of undying friendship.
“It wasn’t,” Tony said awkwardly. He pressed against his pocket to feel the crinkle of parchment safely stowed there.
also staying at Hogwarts for Christmas,” Tony murmured, leaning closer under the cover of stirring his now-ruined potion. Romanoff went pale with shock, swiftly followed by murderous fury.
your way out of trouble—”
—” Tony groans. He thinks he knocked his head against his desk because it’s suddenly killing him, and he can feel several scrapes and bruises forming from where he hit the floor, and if
, to make sure he didn’t cause any more trouble,” then moved seamlessly into what Steve was pretty sure was a quote from Winston Churchill’s “finest hour” speech, before ending with a stirring pronouncement that “no good deed is too small.”
Tony lifts their clasped hands meaningfully.
ever concede that he lost a negotiation to a man with three hoodies in slightly different shades of blue hanging on his coatrack. But whoever chose this apartment for Rogers had done a good job. It’s beautiful, simple, and classic. The living room in which they’re standing has hardwood floors and high ceilings; the glimpse of the kitchen visible through the wide doorway suggests that it’s been recently renovated; and on the other side of the room is a small window nook. Instead of a loveseat, a small easel has been set up to face the window, while a collection of art supplies spills across the floor.
“Right,” Tony says, and hopes the bitterness he’s feeling doesn’t come through in his tone, or that if it does, Steve attributes it to annoyance about Grey. “Well, we’re right on schedule for our daring escape.”
Steve sighs and slumps down against his table to wait.
). “I think better on my feet” (
“And I am a being from beyond this world, who appears when you have most need, yes?” Thor was starting to look rather hurt at Tony’s lack of enthusiasm.
together? Wait, no! It’s that hipster wizard from the last time Doombots attacked New York.
“Fucking
Steve makes it all the way to Ohio before conceding that the post-Chitauri road trip might’ve been a mistake.
“I have gathered that Ms. Potts was not pleased to hear that I have been screening her calls. I attempted to explain to her that your Smart House Protocols prevent her from contacting you, except in cases of harm or immediate peril. Ms. Potts seems to have…taken that as a challenge. I am very sorry, sir, I can assure you I did not intend—”
if I saw a sci-fi movie from 1936, which had some of its effects designed by Moholy-Nagy?”
He tried to stand up, pushing away Rogers’ concerned hands as they moved to steady him, toppled back into the snow again, and resigned himself to staying there at least until he got more comfortable in this new body.
“Fine,” Rogers is grumbling. “
“…Oh. Well. Alright.” Steve can’t tell if he should be grateful or tremendously hurt by the easy way that Tony dismisses what was presumably a very heartfelt confession of Steve's feelings for him. Especially considering that Tony is usually so unwilling to drop an issue, he'd once monologued for forty-five minutes about all the scientific inconsistencies in
“But that’s
trapped.”
century when your motorcycle breaks down?”
like the words have to be physically dragged out of him.
“You…
Tony begs so rarely that it must also be one of those things he’s bad at – or at least very out of practice with – because it had absolutely no effect on Natasha whatsoever, who gave him a fluttering little wave of her fingers before disappearing entirely.
—just a hint? I’ll owe you? Natasha!”
“I have an idea.”
“Stark!” Thor boomed, and didn’t so much
But to his shock, Steve exits the limo gracefully, leading Tony out by the hand and managing to make it look chivalrous rather than magically-induced. He doesn’t squint or panic in the face of all the cameras pointed his way. Instead, he gives them a wide, Captain America smile before ducking his head toward Tony’s in a move designed to look intimate from a distance.
Steve had spent a week planning this moment, and so it was with some satisfaction that he watched Bruce (bribed with more Cauldron Cakes and a solemn promise
"Ah, the wheels of justice," sighed Clint as he wiped an imaginary tear from his eye.
“Um.” For the first time in Tony’s considerable memory, he sees Rogers falter in the face of an obstacle.
And to his vast surprise, he finds that Steve was right – it’s somehow
“And Rogers? I just had JARVIS access your phone remotely, so my number’s set in your speed dial. Natasha can show you how it works. Call if you ever need a ride, okay?”
The silence on the other end of the line is so acute, Steve briefly worries that Tony really
“Maybe he’s finally taking his education seriously,” Tony tried. “Seventh year can do that to you, you know. It’s like an existential crisis where you wake up one day and realize you’re—“
competent mathematician as a friend.
“You…got me math for Christmas?” Steve asked slowly.
to…” Steve trailed off, but Natasha seemed to know what he meant, because she nodded sympathetically.
“Hold on,” Rogers interjects. “Why are you assuming we’ll go back to Stark Tower? I have an apartment in New York, too. I even live there most of the year. And all of its walls are still intact.”
“Your encyclopedic knowledge of rom-coms from the mid-aughts is starting to concern me.”
. Nobody could fake his kind of talent.
in all my
But sometimes Tony wondered if
“Uh, I don’t really want get into it now,” Rogers is saying into the phone. He shoots Tony another sidelong look, like it’s
Steve had waylaid him just before lunch, dragging him behind a suit of armor to have a whispered argument about what to do about the spell next. Stark had promised to work on it during the gap in Steve’s afternoon schedule (Stark had been a model student, if a bit subdued, ever since the debacle in Potions the day before).
Steve gives Tony a soft smile.
“I wonder if that one has us photoshopped as Jennifer Aniston and Vince Vaughn?”
“Don’t be. It was a good idea.” Steve gives him a warm smile.
“Shall I add that definition to my system dictionary?”
,” he says, opening his eyes into slits to glare up at Tony. “That was the whole
“We’re in different Houses, though,” said Ellen Cartwright – a fellow Gryffindor, who still looked a little mournful about the interruption to her evening. “Come on, Steve…”
“Well played, and fuck you too,” Tony retorts pleasantly. “What
covered in the BUTTS Bylaws. And if you’d like to make an amendment, first you have to petition the chairman.”
“I don’t know why
, not a—“ Tony tries to throw up his hands in frustration, but Rogers doesn’t move along with him, so instead it just comes out as a stifled shake of his fist. Trust Rogers not to appreciate the communicative panache of well-executed hand gesture. He’d probably keep his hands clasped behind his back at all times, if given the choice. No emoting allowed.
,” Sam marvels, following Steve into the backseat.
, so--”
. I can’t believe it!”
was you spending Christmas with your
, Steve. And a phone call that I’m pretty sure violated several FAA regulations.” Tony’s expression has gone smug, and it should be supremely irritating – Tony is always at his most irritating when he’s right – but now, Steve can’t help but return Tony’s smile.
“Behold the suit that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs!” he laughs, unconcerned as usual that Steve understood only half those words. “Incidentally, I might’ve added some stuff last night. I’ve been looking at footage of the Invasion, thinking about changes.” Something odd happens to Tony’s face then. Nothing so obvious as an actual
“I’m sorry, sir, but it seems as though something has magically interfered with Doctor Strange’s digital footprint. I have not been successful at tracking him.”
“Not your turn to talk, Shawshank.”
“Sorry. Is this a bad time?”
“I didn’t mean tonight!” Steve yelped. “Give me some plausible deniability.
“…And really she
“What?” Tony gasps (
– that is a true and unbiased account of what Tony has done – and Rogers is still treating him like he’s the Comcast help line.
But the thing is, Tony
“I hereby call this meeting of the Brazenly Unauthorized Transfiguration Testing Society to order.” Bruce tapped his wand against his desk like a gavel. It emitted an attention-grabbing jet of silver sparks.
“Prob’ly the patriarchy,” he concludes with a satisfied yawn against Tony’s collarbone. The last thirty seconds of this conversation wend their way slowly through his brain. “And I wasn’t
Steve wonders whether the theatrical sex noises are a bit too obvious, but Tony just mumbles “Jesus Christ” and proceeds to have a whispered but intense argument with FRIDAY. Steve can only hear about one out of every four words of it, but he’s fully capable of inferring the rest.
“Delighted to meet you,” Damian lies. Transparently. Tony is
“I get claustrophobic, alright?” he finally manages to choke out.
He has a vague memory of calling Tony the night before – a fact that his cellphone confirms – and he winces with a combination of the sunlight, and anticipation of the intense bout of teasing he’s probably doomed to endure. He wishes he could even remember what he’d said, so he’d have
Ellen, meanwhile, had brightened considerably at his suggestion. “Oh! Right. Thanks, Steve, you’re the best.” She shot him a sunny grin and began dragging her pink-faced Hufflepuff in the direction of Gryffindor Tower.
expected to do something, the professors seemed to
“I mean, I’m a control freak, sure,” Tony continues. “But put me alone in a lab with a soldering iron? And I’m happy to be the god of that little world until the power runs out. But
still a hole or two blasted through the walls, but it’s just some
– just to keep you out of trouble? They’re…not good things. And I know you can handle trouble yourself,
“It was like he was falling off that train, all over again. Except
“That’s funny, cuz we liars prefer to call a
the way Tony says his name, he
And then paused with a frown. “Although it
it.” Wow, he’s already struggling to articulate it properly. “But anything worthwhile I did in the war, it always took two battles: felt like I had to fight through the entire US Army just to reach HYDRA. It was better once I had the Commandos.” Steve swallows, and concentrates on shadowing in Tony’s jaw. “Less complicated, I guess. We had each other, and that—that came first.”
The upshot being that in trying to protect Bruce by forcing him to cast the spell first, Tony had practically ensured Bruce would be expelled. And possibly arrested. Once Rogers told McGonagall who’d cast an experimental, unregistered spell on him, it would all be over. And even though there was probably
with Steve Rogers. And
“You said it yourself: it’s tricky, and I don’t know it as well as you. I’m more likely to screw it up.”
“Hey!”
They both realize simultaneously that they have to somehow climb into bed with only one free hand apiece. Maybe they’ll both just stand here, holding hands and staring blankly at the bed in front of them, until the sun rises. At least that would solve Tony’s sleeping problems.
“OK, look—”
“Well, like I said, this particular spell is often used in interpersonal therapy situations, or even teambuilding retreats. Think of it like…a magical icebreaker exercise.”
, but—” Tony cut himself off before he could explain the clear difference between a normal thing you buy for a person, and a
Tony doesn’t think Steve would know an innuendo if it appeared in front of him festooned with eggplant emojis.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony hissed in exactly the same tone as the potion.
“Fine,
“Happy Christmas,” Steve whispered to Tony as he slid a new, perfectly made cup of tea over to him. And while it might technically have been Tony’s own face that was smiling at him now, the warmth of it was 100% Steve Rogers.
that the Avengers stay together.”
And suddenly it’s like Steve has finally woken up. It’s like the sun breaking through the clouds of this conversation, and Steve thanks God for all the past phone calls that have trained him in Tony Stark’s stupid way of talking about feelings, because with a flash of brilliant insight, Steve
He gives Steve a slow, filthy (utterly false) grin, before towing him off the dance floor and then out of the ballroom entirely.
“I think I can do that.”
one super-soldier, of course.
, so it’s not like it was— But. I don’t want to add more pressure on the team right now, we’re still figuring out how things’ll work with Vision and Wanda, and I’m not saying
“According to Earth’s holiday customs, those who live in New York and are successful at their jobs must find The Christmas Spirit. Is that not true?”
“Ugh, they're totally gonna blame me, and do you know how much money I've already lost to Bruce's Destruction of Property Jar? A lot, Cap, it's-”
“Well, you don’t know me that well,” Rogers retorts evenly, but Tony doesn’t miss the hint of tension in his expression.
“Steve
Although his own nightmares have subsided a lot in the years since Afghanistan, he still doesn’t love things or people touching him when he sleeps, as a rule. But instead of the panic he would expect to feel upon waking with his skull practically being
“And so I understand it to be my duty to bring you The Christmas Spirit. Behold my offering!” With a magnificent flourish, Thor held out a large bottle of bourbon, a jaunty red ribbon affixed to its neck. Tony’s mouth snapped shut mid-objection.
“Hm?” Tony asks, distracted by trying to put some distance between his and Steve’s bodies without making it
Steve hadn’t asked Tony to explain himself earlier, and so Tony doesn’t ask him now. He just lies there and lets Steve watch him. After a few long minutes, Steve opens his mouth, and says three words that honestly were
“What’s this?”
, maybe there
“I can’t feel my legs,” Bruce’s grumpy voice cut into Tony’s thoughts. “Or my nose. Or my –“
Because Tony is a mature adult who can acknowledge his own flaws, he could admit that now, in the light of the TV room, the wreaths looked like a reindeer festively trampled a bowler hat.
“Well, fucking tell them we’re
“Oh.” For the first time in this entire strange conversation, Odinson looked mildly discomposed. “Was it meant to be a secret?”
There’s something Tony hasn’t been telling him. Steve can hear the strange ambiguity in moments like this: moments where Tony hesitates, tempering his reactions when he used to barrel through them full speed ahead. Steve wonders if it has to do with Ultron, but whatever it is, Tony has refused to talk about it, exhibiting levels of avoidance that would almost be impressive -- if they didn’t give Steve such vivid flashbacks of himself, right after the Battle of New York, stuck in Ohio and watching his best chance of running from his problems
“Really? That’s great, Tony!” Steve beams at him, and yeah, Tony is so,
“Well, actually,” Rogers coughs. “As it happens, I wouldn’t be lying. Uh. Approximately.”
“Well, that’s OK. I’m sure someone on Reddit got it right,” Tony tries to reassure her.
– come before you get here. Oh
“I feel like I shouldn’t be encouraging this behavior,” Tony points out as they’re (finally!) waiting for their drinks at the bar. “I think you’re becoming a bad influence on me.”
“—But that’s the one thing I don’t get.”
But when Tony blinks the sparks out of his eyes enough to check around, it doesn’t seem like there’s anybody else in the workshop besides him and Rogers, who is…still holding his hand.
“He attends Beauxbatons, and he has been researching his identity since he was a child. He discovered much about Metamorphmagi that you will not find in your books. Perhaps, armed with this knowledge, you will be able to reverse the spell that has trapped you and Steve Rogers in the wrong forms.”
Tony is expecting Rogers to argue. Pepper had been equally skeptical when he’d tried to explain this to her (under serious duress, and then only because he’d had a panic attack in Pepper’s immediate presence. Even
get dates?” and staring at the questioner until they stammer out an excuse to leave the conversation.
“Okay, well, then we should probably. Bed,” Steve announces, gesturing awkwardly toward it, as though to demonstrate that yes, there is indeed a bed in front of them.
, the wards have been updated since then. When the new edition comes out next year, there’ll be a whole revised section on—“
Not that Tony noticed, or anything.
“Wha—” Tony yelped as he was hit directly in the face with the spray of a fire extinguisher. The victim of his tinkering gave off a loud sizzle and some horrible-smelling smoke, which finally cleared enough for Tony to see Dummy, extinguisher-in-claw, whirring eagerly.
getting all up in his space. It’s completely normal to dislike people grabbing onto his hands, and not at all a cause for concern, and if Rogers is pulling a prank based on some
