As always, please comment your thoughts. :) I may not respond to them all bc it would probably get tired of me to continually thank everyone for your kind words, but I read and appreciate them all. So, as a blanket statement that doesn't truly divulge the depth of my gratitude for all ~ Thank you :)
Cas takes a shaky breath, settled in place, his exhale hitting against Dean’s lips- cause they’re just that close. Not quite forehead to forehead but it might as well look that way.
Eileen facetimes him today. She's beautiful and optimistic, and he's not sure why she even called but he starts to get the sense it's just to check on him. Which is nice. It's so very human.
"That... sucked." She chokes out, doubled over, gulping in air. Sam pulls her against his chest and she falls to him easily, his arms wrapping solidly around her.
He knows it's bad. He knows he's making the other two worry, and that he should try harder for Jack and for Sam, but after all of it... he just can't.
It's only different because Dean trusts Cas far too much for his own good. Far more than Cas has ever proven to deserve.
Dean stares up at the vampire, seeing red. He's going to kill him. He's going to kill them all. He will slaughter every last living monster on this earth and every single thing any of them ever loved.
Dean deliberately avoids looking anywhere near John for now. Outbursts like that aren't making it any easier to getting Cas winning the man's favor.
"Not funny." Sam huffs. A mixture of relief, blinding anger, and even more relief all slipping out through a series of shaky exhales. Cas lofts off the wall behind him, and he, too, frowns up at Dean like he's five seconds away from throttling the man to death himself.
Cas turns cold, exuding any ounce of restraint he has in not snapping the steering wheel in half. He tries to adjust naturally in his seat but it definitely looks anything but.
They circle to the trunk and stop there, the man dropping his hand and turning to face him direct instead. Dean blinks, getting a full view of him now, face only in half shadow, blue eyes striking against the new patch of light.
He frowns over at him, pausing with another chunk of waffle halfway to his mouth- and there's Sam with his hands clasped on the table with the face of judgment- a clear
"We've gotten off on the wrong foot. That is precisely what I intended upon my approach-" Mick holds up his hands even higher, as though in emphasis, and Cas lowers him back to sure footing without releasing his grip, "Allow me to power down the wards, and then we'll talk, yes?"
They haven’t done that since Lucifer took Cas. Knowing Dean, he probably hasn't been back there at all.
Cas limps his way to the library without a word, leaving Sam and Dean in his wake. Dean heads first to the kitchen, pulling a beer from the fridge and gulping down a few sips before realizing Sam had followed him in there- so he hands off a beer to his brother, too.
Cas can’t read his mind but he might as well be able to. Hell, some of those prayers he sent out the last six weeks were borderline love letters from no man’s land.
"I mean, he basically killed her dad and took his face. And she's hanging out with the guy." She shakes her head incredulously, pops a fry in her mouth, crunches it, "Trippy."
"What's wrong with you?" He places a firm hand on the center of Dean's forehead, then turns to Rowena, who's still straightening out her dress, "What's wrong with him?"
The drive takes a little over thirty minutes flat, and through all that time he manages to talk himself down to a mild panic. One he can easily shift onto the backburner because he's still focusing on action. Just action.
"No." He admits it knowing his emotions are getting the better of him, and shakes his head, shuffling in place. "No, Benjamin and I, we fought together. He was... he was a gifted soldier, I don't know how this could've happened."
... maybe he could have that. Maybe that's the best way to keep that John Winchester side at bay... live the life he's always wanted. The type of life John led before he, too, turned into a monster.
Maybe that's the gist of it, really, the great lie being told that angels cannot fall in love- because really, they can- they just fall so completely and so entirely that their beings are forever marked with it.
"But humans form negative prejudices against one another even within their own species..." He turns to Dean, no judgement there- just pure curiosity, "Does it makes sense to you, Dean?"
"Dude!" His tone completely changes, switching gears immediately to all-too concerned little brother, "Where the hell have you been?"
All the same, Dean is the one standing in front of him now, nearly cornering an all-powerful angel against a pickup truck in rural Kansas, staring into his eyes, “It’s good to have you back, man." He mumbles, voice dripping with earnestness, warmth, love, "It hasn’t been the same without you.” Dean pulls him in abruptly, gripping the folds of the coat on Cas’ back, chin dipped against his shoulder.
"No, I get it." He takes another bite, swallows it, then wipes his hands together over his plate, "Small fish, big pond. That whole thing. When you're..." He waves a hand up and down Cas' figure sitting here, now the one unable to come up with the right word, "
He looks over his shoulder at Dean by his car, watching him a moment. When he turns back, John is staring at him, seeming to deliberate on something. Cas stares back.
Pretty much everyone is wasted, swaying back and forth around the fire bellowing old rock songs alongside the stereo as if they're pirates chanting sea shanties. Dean finds himself singing along loudly to a couple songs, passing a bottle of whiskey between himself and Sam. They both sing along to an old AC/DC song at some point, Dean swaying back and forth with his arm draped over his little brother who's even farther gone than he is. Dean didn't mean to get here, but he's
Part of him wants to go the rest of the way- forgive his dad for all that shit growing up and everything in between. Mostly because he wishes they'd be those type of people that could.
It's John who speaks up first, taking a seat on the arm of Dean's chair, forcing Dean into the corner of it and glaring up at his dad in annoyance, "Wait by the police scanners."
Being in Magda's situation, who knows? He could've killed those people, too. He could've killed more. If he didn't have Dean, if he didn't have Bobby and Cas and everyone else looking out for him, having his back instead of turning on him... this could've been him, too.
Cas comes up behind Ishim- and the angel doesn't see, doesn't have time to react before the blade is plunged through his spine into the depth of his chest.
"You’re one of them." Cas says bluntly, sidestepping any pleasantries. He regards the man with a wary curiosity, squinting to eye him up and down.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Sam holds up a hand, and everyone stills. Bucky- his knife half-raised, John- slowly reaching around to his back for his gun, Dean- standing in the middle of it all without a clue what to do or who to believe. "Wait. Hold on a second."
He was a little worried sometimes that Cas didn’t seem to get that. Or maybe he’d just learned his self-worth from Dean too, and didn’t see that the people he cared for so damn much also gave a crap about him.
Dean holds up a finger, "Just, um..." he turns around, Sam turning with him, and lowers his voice, "Are you buying any of this?"
"Education would be a noble pursuit." He considers, trying to imagine a human future where he's able to help people but forgo the greater risk of bodily harm and perishing on the job. "A way to keep helping people, even if in a different way. I like that."
"Music is important to you." Cas tilts his head, and Dean fixes him with a look that definitely translates to a wordless
Their steps slow, coming up to the front few steps, carefully placing their feet as to not make any noise. Dean follows the other man's lead in this way-
"So it's all very simple, really. Mick Davies asked you to join our effort, which we're taking international. My instructions are to strongly encourage a 'yes.'" Ketch stands beside his own trunk, hands clasped in front of him.
Dean smiles, hands twitching nervously inside of his pockets, and lets out a breathy laugh, "That's- don't do that."
"Are you asking me to be your boyfriend, Dean?" The corner of Cas' mouth quirks in a suppressed smile, his voice even.
"Sorry." he spins in place, setting down the device in his hand and picking up one of the vials instead.
This should make him less anxious, but somehow he's even more worried. Every time things seem calm in their lives, there's something brewing around the next bend. Someone or
Small fish, big pond. Cas doesn't feel like such a big fish anymore, but he supposes he is. Just a big fish squeezed inside of a tiny aquarium pretending to be small.
Maybe it's that thought that worms into the back of his mind and that annoyance turns right back into worry. Especially after the morgue.
Dean and Sam move the same time as the three others, ducking in different directions and stumbling over feet. The blast shatters the rear glass of the SUV and not a moment later the vehicle erupts in flames from the inside, blasting outwards in a fiery cloud of orange and smoke.
Not that this doesn't mean he's not still fucking repressed as hell- actually, if anything, this probably
He looks between them, as if expecting an answer. When he doesn't get one, he continues, "No more orders. No more punching each other. No more pushing each other away. We either work as a unit, or not at all!" Sam huffs out a breath, a hand running through his hair. He spreads out his arms, "So what's it gonna be?"
"I don't think my story is a great one to tell." He shifts uneasily, poking a carrot in his bowl, "I've made far more mistakes getting here than I'd care to admit."
“You want me to be your shoulder to cry on? You want me to spoon feed you every damn little thing you need to hear to stroke your
It's not like Cas has never been one to stand up for himself. Sure, he can be a little more hesitant when it comes to other angels rather than, say, Sam and Dean- but still. Just folding over and taking the belt hasn't been Cas' style in nearly a decade.
about things more. We kill demons... angels... without even hoping to save the people stuck inside them. Maybe he’s
And that's the thing. Cas is it. But he can't half-ass it or keep waiting around for something to happen. He can't let Cas go around thinking that this is anything less than what it is, because Cas deserves better than that. Maybe Dean does too, but Jury's still out on that one... and while Dean might be a man of action, Cas needs more than that...
Sure, that sounds boring as all hell, but Sam doesn't have to act like Dean's got no interest in these things at all, or assume he won't know the gist of it. He's not the smart alec that Sam is, apparently listening to scholarly dissertations in his free time for kicks... but he could surprise him.
"Never seen him such a mess," Crowley continues, putting a hand to his heart in feigned suffrage, "Had him nearly crying on my shoulder."
"Yeah, but still..." Dean looks around at Sam and John, feeling like the only one in the room who's thinking this makes zero sense at all, "I mean, what the hell?"
"Yeah, except when you're not." Dean sighs, running a hand down his face. He considers a moment. He thinks about what Sam said. And what Kaia said. And Jack. What everyone in their damn lives seems to be saying. And he tries to let himself believe for a second that this is something that he can
"Little a’ both. Going three for three- booze, burgers, and beautiful women." He nods her way, handing back the menu, but she's less than impressed.
the backup. If I get caught scoping out the joint, I'm the only player on the board they know about aside from Cas. And they locked
He parks the truck at the edge of the tree line, far enough from the house that maybe in a lucky universe and on slim chance, Lucifer won't be warned of their arrival.
Do I not help? How high up is this bar to get in any of your good graces?" She tsks, turning towards the door, "I risk my own safety and well-being, travel
He gave the angel on his shoulder a conscience, and now it was gonna be Dean’s fault if it got him killed.
Cas looks down at the awkward movement, frowning down at his chest, signature pucker between his brows.
"Look at you, the social butterfly." He says, right as Sam heads the opposite direction with a parting glower.
The father and son wear polos, and mother a hot pink button-down with a sweater tied across her shoulders. The daughter, of course, stands out the most- because the new versions of the rest of these people killed her.
They don't have all the rings for the key to the cage, nor a way to weaken Lucifer and get him in again even if they did. They don't have an archangel blade- nor an archangel to wield it. Rowena
All these people he's fooling into believing he's a good person, and he's done bad things as an excuse to do something good. He really- he just did them so they'd stay. Stay with him. Cause he's a selfish bastard.
Dean can feel the beat of the angel's heart beneath his own clenched fist. He releases the fabric of his shirt and flattens his hand on Cas' chest
It's not like Cas is where he is anyway. Cas doesn't love Dean the same way Dean does him. For all he knows, the guy isn't even capable of it. Not fully.
"You think he's pissed?" Sam's brows shoot up, and he outright laughs, "Because I called him while you were
"What's going on?" She says more firmly, standing her ground. And damn if Dean doesn't like her a little more for it.
"Sorry boys, you two get to pull straws for couch and floor." She grins as she hands off the pile to Dean.
He won't age with them, or have his own family, and he won't be able to die and find his loved ones in heaven waiting. There'll come a day when he must watch those he loves grow old and die, and he can't do it with them.
He's angry with Cas about the leaving. Saying yes without talking it out. It's fading, but that's not a trust that will be won back with a single conversation, or overnight.
Cas stops himself from falling back completely, one arm already braced on the log to stop him from tumbling backwards. Maybe he expected Dean to push him away the whole time, but just took whatever Dean would give him. That's just... entirely too sad to think about.
No one said a word when they got back to the bunker, either. The echo of their footsteps entering the empty hall, deafening. They were drained. Sam mumbled a goodnight and headed straight to his room. Mom didn’t show, she probably wouldn’t either.
He's often thought that some of the angels may have been right- laying his hand on Dean in the pits of Hell changed him irreversibly in a way that's never happened to any angel in all of time before. He touched the painting, just as Eve ate the apple. But hadn't she, too, merely been wanting for the great promise- free will?
Cas doesn't say anything at that. He's not wrong. What’s uncertain is, is this part of himself an inherent Winchester trait rubbed off or simply another mechanism in the design flaw that marks his existence? Crowley, however, is a bit more of a question there.
that'd be okay. You know that right? We're not under Chuck's thumb anymore, but we're also not under
of shoving it down his throat that he had to take care of me. 'Take care of Sammy. Look after your little brother.'... How about that? You know how bad that fucked him up? All of it?"
It just wasn't much, and it took him a lot longer than it should've to realize that the not much was a whole lot better than nothing at all. And that it was all because of Dean.
"Singer Salvage and Roadhouse" is a pitstop for any wayward soul who needs it. There's a jukebox of "only the classics," a couple of grumpy old regulars Cas or Dean have to kick out at the end of every night, karaoke every Thursday, and a "burger of the week" every week. Dean forms the recipe for each one himself and names them after a different supernatural creature. This week it's a Rugarou Burger- several mixed meats, a surprise sauce (A1 mixed with BBQ), pepper-jack, grilled jalapenos and onions, topped with spicy sausage and the works, only served bloody. Since Cas became fully human, he's enjoyed trying every single one of Dean's newest experiments. The only burger recipes Dean ever repeats on the menu are the ones Cas likes.
Human, normal Dean would never go for Crowley again- if he ever really had. And he most certainly wouldn't go for any man now at all. Least of all Castiel. Someone he trusts not to think of him that way.
There's an unmeant harshness behind those hard hands. Always happens when the man's more than half a bottle deep.
He holds John's eyes just a second more, then turns on his heel, far too aware of every movement in his body. He shakes out his shoulders, straightening up, wiping a hand down his face as though doing that will wipe the uneasiness straight off.
"Sam didn't kill anybody, dad." He yells back, slapping a hand on the wheel, foot pressing down a little too aggressively on the gas. He eases back up, collecting himself, breathing in, lowering his voice to an even tone, "Nobody that didn't deserve it."
Dean slams the trunk and just looks at him. Jack grins like he finally figured out this conversation and is silently happy with the results, while Dean feels like he was just brain-picked by a four year old and has even less understanding of what to do.
Cas grins, watching the two bicker back and forth. They're both entirely too similar for their own right. Eventually she gets Dean up and he follows her outside, but not before giving Cas a swift peck on the cheek and disappearing out the door with a grin.
Dean snorts, turning back to Cas. His head is propped in his hand, eyes screwed shut. There's still bruising blossoming high on his cheek, the swelling reaching up to his eyelid on the left half of his face. In any normal person, taking a beating like the one he had, their brain probably would've started bleeding and they'd look a lot worse than that. On Cas, if he were of any sort of juiced up, those flesh wounds would've tempered down to nothing hours ago.
"Kelly." He listens, but there's no shuffling on the other side. Another few raps, "Kelly, are you alright? Kelly?"
The front door bangs loudly just outside, and Claire's voice carries out louder than it needs to, "You both better zip up, I'm coming back there!"
He shakes his head, breathing out a sigh and looking between the three men in front of him with a kind of pained grief that hadn't been there at the beginning of the night. Or maybe it had, and he's just doing less to hide it now.
He settles on a couple bottles that smell like different flowers, washes up, then hops out feeling more refreshed than he has in months. The kids are still downstairs, but everyone else is settled around the dining table when he walks out. It kind of reminds him of BBQs with Lisa back in the day. Ben and his friends separating off at the end of the night while the adults wind down somewhere else. It’s all very... domestic.
He doesn't wanna get whiskey-dick but at this point he's already got it, so maybe he should just go all in and grab the bottle from the trunk and down the rest of it before she’s off work.
"No," Cas rolls his eyes with an exasperated breath, taking a moment to compose himself and his unwarranted annoyance at such inane stupidity, "How far am I from Lebanon, Kansas?"
When Cas had his wings, popping in the impala beside Dean was some of the most personal time the two of them would share. Still near strangers at some points, but closer each time. Dean opening up in ways he’d only ever done with his closest kin. Cas opening up in ways Dean came to gather the angel hadn’t ever done with anyone at all.
"I am." Dean answers absently and continues rolling down the last aisle slowly, keeping an eye out for the final couple of items.
When he raises his brows, she looks down at the family portrait, taking it from his hand, "The father was working 80 hours a week to barely pay the mortgage. And what little time he
Crowley reaches out a hand and caresses the side of Cas’ face, met with a confused glare from the angel.
A dark haired man steps out, dressed 'sharp' in a casual suit and sporting a deep 5 o'clock shadow. He grins at Castiel, approaching with a hand out as if to shake in greeting.
It’s all fucking complicated. The whole thing. When do Winchesters ever get simple? Just about the only simple thing they ever get is the certainty that
He disappears, leaving Cas on the porch alone for only a moment before he's opening the door from the opposite side, his conversation carrying through.
Teeth gritted behind thin lips, he's unable to peel his blurring eyes from the body, "You didn't have to do that."
"That in the cards for the 'legendary Dean Winchester'?" Claire mocks, framing the end in air quotes.
"Let me ask you a question," Sam cuts in, his exhaustion clearly starting to hit, his stance wavering just slightly, "Uh, Mick is it? Why would we believe
They take awhile stacking the bodies in a small pile in the grass. Dean takes a jug of gasoline from the backseat and spreads it over the mass, pulls out a lighter, flicks it, tosses it to blaze up. He just stares at the fire a minute, thinking of the murderous rampage he nearly went on because of these few stupid vampires and their attempt on Cas' life. The person he turns into in those times is when he most sees John in himself. It's those times where he most understands his father, too, and what that type of loss does to a person. He gets it because as much as he'd like to think otherwise, the man Dean turns into when he loses Cas or loses Sam, isn't Dean anymore. Just like the John Winchester that raised this kid into a man far too young, wasn't the real John Winchester.
Dean glances over at Cas, the glance ending up locking their gazes on one another when Cas look up at the movement.
"It was hard going for awhile there. She's a strong kid. Both of you are." Dean looks back at the two, each trying to mess up one another's shots into the baskets, hitting arms and laughing. He can't help but smile, too. "Cas is a hard guy to hate once you get to know him."
This shot is muffled only a small amount by this own shirt, echoing through the library the same as the last. He doesn't flinch.
Ishim was right about weakness. They’re too soft for each other. Look at where it’s gotten Cas already.
Dean flinches back, eyes softening like it’s still somehow shocking for him when someone stands up for him. Or puts him in his place.
“I know you don’t sleep but, uh, might wanna at least take the night, get a load off. Have a binge sesh.”
It's not like this should be breaking news. It probably started way back with the apocalypse if he really thinks back and wants to put a date on it.
Dean looks down at the wine in his glass, the deep red of it, bitter and looking like blood. He has the handle fisted in one hand and suddenly wonders where all these glasses even came from. Maybe Sam's got a hidden stash of them somewhere for occasions similar to this.
In each and every conversation they’ve had so far about John, Cas seems to be pushing this broken little family together at the expense of his part in it. But there's nothing replaceable in this angel in the least. The fact that Cas so clearly thinks otherwise twists a thorn in Dean's gut.
All those times Dean came home from a hunt busted up, or from the bar with new bruises, or even just at the end of a regular day having freshly purpled skin... how many of those times had been because of John? What else would he hit him for? The guy from school was just one instance... but the rest?
"I- I guess I blacked out." He shrugs nonchalant, and Sam scoffs- cause isn’t that just like Dean. "And judging from this hangover, it was epic."
"Hey, hey, Dean-" Firm hands press into his shoulders, shaking his body, head bobbing with the movement.
Nothing graphic, just a couple passing mentions. Tbh I don't know what constitutes a TW but I always figure better safe than sorry.
Even the bar he found to disappear into the glass was a little too expected to the old Dean- the place crawling with all the energy of a scummy roadhouse, cowboy edition.
"No." He shakes his head, swallowing another and staring down at the plate, "I miss food. There are so many... small aspects of humanity that are much more...
"Well there was no arguing with your long-suffering boy-toy on it." Crowley sighs, exaggerated, in mock sympathies, "The poor man was a wreck. Really, Cas, you'll be the death of-"
Cas enters last, taking in the scene. Clothing, empty bottles, and discarded food containers lay strewn about the white leather furniture, some having been tossed aside to the ground or shoved there as bodies were tossed about the area.
His eyes flicker back and forth, struggling to grip onto those few little things. The important things. People he loves.
It's dumb they never celebrated any holidays with Mary resurrected in the actual season 12. Kinda makes no sense that they didn't. So, I figured out the timeline of when certain holidays would've taken place and between which episodes. Thanksgiving fell between this episode and the last, that's where it fits in here.
Dean pulls a small flask from inside his jacket pocket, unscrewing the lid, "The deal you made for me went down in 2006. You came to see me in the hospital right after, when I was all healed up. So you gotta know at least that much is true. You told me that stuff about Sammy..." Dean splashes a portion of the liquid in the flask on his face then tosses it to John who simply squints at him, but doesn't interrupt. He splashes the water on himself, too, pocketing the flask.
"Ishim…" Cas sighs wearily, settling down to sit on the opposite corner of the couch, "How is she still alive?"
So, no, Dean's not gonna talk about it. He's not gonna mention it. He's gonna pretend it never fucking happened, because it didn't. It was Dean being weak, and Cas being weak, in all the worst ways- nearly ensuring both their cold, dead fates.
"Is it-" Cas stumbles to his feet, nearly losing his balance. Dean catches him around the bicep to keep him standing, but keeps his eyes on Ishim, "Is it true, Ishim?"
It started slow... his first year on earth incredibly confusing, especially where Dean was concerned. Prior to him, Cas had been educated enough to
Cas stops by the driver's side, expecting Crowley to be through the window on the other end. When he's not, he moves back to the hood of the truck.
Ishim rolls his eyes, but doesn't comment, still breathing haggardly like maybe he's only got one lung in there that's actually working at all. Clearly knowing he's in no position to make calls.
"Comes by once a week. Brings us things we can't grow ourselves." Gail sits with her back ramrod straight, eyes wide and doe-like, but he gets the sense there's little innocence behind them. "Why?"
However, true to his word, it only takes a minute for Mick to lower the warding on the house. Cas feels it immediately- like the pressure from a migraine finally easing up on his skull. He proceeds to lead Cas inside, paced leisurely even as the sounds of combat carry up through the thin floorboards.
Cas takes back Dean's hand with both of his own, tracing his finger across the lines of his palm. "Where are we going?"
His body tells him to flee. It tells him to take his hand back. He looks down at their hands entwined, Dean so stiffly just letting it happen when he could-
John doesn't comment, shaking his head and seeming to get lost in thought again, watching the trees pass by the window. The sun is starting to rise from behind them, small pinpricks of light shafting through into their eyes.
John is leaning back tensely, hands clasped stiff on the tabletop, and he peers around at the multitude of faces in the crowd around them. This inspection is less analytical than usual, more like a simple curiosity at the changed world he's been thrust back into.
He downs a glass, passing the second across the table to his son, then pouring a second for himself.
Especially because Cas doesn’t just talk to him like that, he also has to bring a shaky hand up to his face, too. Fingertips just barely grazing his jaw.
All of these what ifs just swirling around his head all the time, and he's felt guilty as hell for thinking them. These what ifs, like they're proof he's shit and doesn't deserve to have his family back in one piece.
Sam grabs back the glass when he's done, crouching down to sit on the edge of the bathtub, mirroring Dean's position.
His voice cracks at the end and he lets out a sharp huff through his nose, peering at his father who stares patiently. Emotionless.
will. But then again, he has plenty of moments like this with Cas filed away for when he needs them most. Some days these little moments feel more important than anything else cause they're glimpses of what a happy life
It's framed like a question but isn't. Not really. Dean chuckles at the oversimplicity of it, "Yeah, guess I'm fuckin' burdened."
That's something he's never been able to get over- just how differently something inhabiting another person can take that skin and make it their own... make it inhuman and stiff and evil in a way that the true owner never has. He's seen it with far too many people he loves- how the monsters mutate their faces from inside their bodies. They make them nothing more than a shell... like that's all any human has ever been- just a bunch of empty vessels waiting to be filled and taken.
"Okay, listen to me." He speaks slowly, one hand still on the phone and the other flat out, "I can help your sister, okay? I just need you to trust me here."
Still staring down into the swirling liquid, freshly brewed and mixed with a few drops of honey- just how he likes it, Cas swallows and nods. But his smile starts to fade to something far more somber pretty quickly.
”Alright,” Dean claps his hands once loudly before crossing his arms and settling in, looking down at the laptop between them, “Start her up- wait, what is it? Clint Eastwood?”
It was fascinating to me how one man could have threat of death carried upon him nearly every day, yet still fight as hard as you did.
“I can feel it.” Dean murmurs, as though saying the words too loud might make them true if they're not already, "Only way we've ever worked... stay in line and follow orders." He swipes a finalizing hand through the air.
He knows Sam's gonna try and take the bullet for the two of them, but there's no way in Hell that's happening. Why Sam would ever think it was an option in the first place is insane.
Sam half-smiles, shrugging, but she just looks at him, tone flat again, regurgitating the same thing her family has been saying to her for months- years, "Then you are evil."
His brain nearly short-circuits looking at the damned thing, and he's got to manually force himself to keep his eyes on the road to take that last turn into the lot of the diner- shifting into park.
Probably a far too murderous thought for a man simply doing his job, but at this point if Cas found the building holding these brothers he’d be inclined to kill everyone inside just for having any part in this at all. He wouldn’t, of course. But the desire is there.
If they don't, should he leave a message with Wendy for them if they arrive, and go check on the Impala? If it's still where they'd parked it, what would that mean? If it's
Turns out, Dean's still pretty predictable. He's changed, but at the same time- hasn't at all- falling back on drunken hookups as a means to solve his own problems. Or create new ones. Trying to fill a role he's lying to himself he even fits in anymore.
He thinks about just dropping the subject, but something in Cas' face makes him sigh in admission, dropping his gaze again to the bottle on the table. He chugs the last bit, turns it on its side and spins it.
No wonder the kid wanted out. Dean's never been much of a role model, but he should've tried a little harder than whatever the hell all
for help and then he just stopped." Cas says, taking a breath and holding up his chin, "I need to know if he's still alive."
, Dean found a small wrapped package in the angel’s room, Claire's name as the intended recipient- He hadn't had a chance to send it yet.
"Aw, a shy one." Donna watches with a small smile, and blows on her coffee before taking a sip, "Thanks for the joe, sweetie."
Dean spends the rest of the drive trying not to think about the moments before the vamps showed up. He especially doesn't think about how what happened
"Oh! Dean!" He breathes with a smile, eyes flicking behind Dean and scanning the area. "I don't believe there's any more in the immediate area-"
A half-open door to his right catches his eye, so he taps the door with one finger hard enough it swings open the rest of the way and he can peer inside. It's a cluttered up office strewn with
"Hey," He slaps him in the chest with the back of his hand, and Sam starts, pulling out one earbud, "Tryin' to talk to you here."
It's a messy kind of caring that he's doing, he knows that. But, end of the day, if this car wrecked right now in some supernatural angel-fight and Cas needed a new vessel, Dean wouldn't even hesitate. Cause Cas always has Dean's trust where it counts. And as for body? Well, sure, he's given it away for a lot less, right?
"Thank you, Dean." He plucks the card from his grip and and slips it into the front tab, tucking the entire wallet back in his suit.
The plan itself is so primitive it's barely even a plan to begin with. But it doesn't help any of them at this point to voice such a concern. In the end, regardless of any shortcomings, the mission must be attempted either way.
The girl from the waffle house- Elka- clearly had good reason for smacking Dean upside the head this morning. Not that he hadn't already figured she did, but still.
“Go back to sleep,” the angel presses his palm on Dean’s chest, flat, pressing down just slightly like that’s a thing they do now. Maybe it is.
Part of him is desperate for the answer. Mostly he’s terrified of it. Cause if he starts letting himself view Cas’ care for him as anything more than friends, family,
He gets to have this. Even before he bargained away his happiness with the empty, he never thought any point of his life would end up this way. Making a home with Dean Winchester.
Sam's eyes shine, and he looks over at Eileen a few booths over. Dean pats his brother on the back and leaves him to join his girlfriend, while Dean finally makes his way back to Cas' company before this turns into too big of a chick flick moment. He realizes he and Cas have spent mostly the whole day together, while everyone else has kind of split off into different groups throughout the day. He had fun with the others too, but he just wanted to be around Cas. He hadn't even thought about it. Didn't seem like Cas had either.
Sam just looks at him- with his face blank, overly stiff, voice hard- he's doing that angel thing. The thing where he shuts it all off so no one can read him...
The answer should be their father, of course. Father trumps best friend, he'll have to be okay with that for their sake.
, or some filthy ape?" Ishim waves a hand passively at Dean, "Who's always talking down to you, always mocking you..."
Moments later she's in the doorway, arms crossed and leaning on the threshold, glaring at Dean, "You said my car was fine! Tell me why it stopped moving
Ishim tries holding his hand out flat over the wound, clearly trying to heal himself but not having the juice.
"NO!" He finds himself screaming, just as the light fades out. Just like the last time. And just like the last time that'll be the last thing Cas hears...
Dean can't get in the middle of that fight- Ishim's too strong. He'll either send Dean reeling back against another wall- knocking him out, or he'll manage to get his hands on the angel blade. And Dean can't risk that. Cas is already too weak.
Turns out the Petersons had been knocked around enough to stay conked out. But they tie them up too, just in case. And Dean pulls out one of the spare burners from the trunk and puts in the call as they pile wordlessly into the car.
Ishim? He can't talk about Cas like that. Cause Dean knows damn well that he means every word. That he's dripping with contempt and arrogance and ego. Cause this guy's still waving around that same damn heavenly flag that deems things like Sam and Dean "mud-monkeys." Lesser beings.
Cas stays silent, eyes solid on the side of Sam's face- he can feel them there. But he’s also palming his own chest, hand slipping in his trenchcoat's inner breast pocket- maybe for his phone. Well, if he's looking for an escape, he's not getting one just yet. There's a reason Sam saves these talks of his for when he has his target cornered in the car.
He resists the urge to check his own phone again, eyes zeroing in on Crowley's screen. But he's too fast and tilts it away with a taunting smile.
He pockets his phone, taking a tentative step forward with both hands outstretched flat in placation and hoping John takes that as the peace offering it is, while knowing that that's simply a hope.
"I thought you were dead today. Again. Could've been an hour, could've been thirty seconds, I don't know how long it was. But every time I lose you like that, or think that I do, it hurts the same. Like I'm collapsing in on myself and... it's the worst feeling. My first thought- well, no, my first thought is always that I'm gonna kill every living thing that had any part of it- but my second is always
The simplicity of the life here is alluring in it's own way. It's not even all that different from he and his dad working together on the Impala when he was Elijah's age.
"What are you doing, Lucifer?" Crowley asks, pure loathing seeping into his every word. It's a stark difference to how he speaks to Cas, or even the brothers- with them it’s almost always with a sort of amused camaraderie. "You mean nothing to those kids out there. You think they'd draw blood for
Dean stuffs the key in the ignition, turning it. The engine sparks to life, and he turns over his shoulder- hits the gas-
The woman's flat on her back in the dirt, but flails to her feet, stumbling forward- Red hair swings from her face, revealing a single wide eye, the other covered in a thick black eyepatch.
Instead, he sets the needle in place and listens while the second half of the album starts up. Dean dives onto the bed facedown, arms curling into the pillow. A little awkwardly, a lot tentatively, Cas sits beside him.
"Shut up." Dean clears his throat, "Yeah, so, if you wanna punch someone again, go find Sam. He makes those calls."
"And this..." She continues, face contorting with disgust as she claws emphatically at her own face, "meatsuit you all seem to care so much about... she actually fantasized about a life with Asa. Can you believe that? Like that worthless man-"
Meanwhile here Cas is, getting a red stain on his folder up home, being hunted by his own people and saving the little people down here while he's at it.
A fierce air of protectiveness shifts through his veins at the sight, furthered by the bloodied streaks painted across the red-haired woman's face-
"I think you should let Sam introduce you to some podcasts-" Cas says, turning, dipping his hip against the counter.
"Family is more than I ever thought I'd have. To have more- it- it's not a requirement. I welcome anything that's given to me."
“And we will stop him.” Dean says, resolute, like the only one in the crowd with any faith anymore. “We will.”
"There are no angels like me." He sighs, taking great care to watch every sway of a branch or flicker of grass in sign of Dean's approach.
He collapsed completely clothed on top of his bed last night, boots still on and shirt still drenched in the smell of fire.
Odds are this is nothing in any lore book. The weird ones like this- Vegas money's on witches or ghosts. So it's likely his dad is right- it's the 'Wiccan' of CPS.
Ishim turns to her, his voice as steely and even as hers, "Check outside to see if there are others."
He shoves John against the side of the truck, the impact of his body clanging a sharp echo through the lot- and prods a finger in his father's face, "You are
Cas nods along to him in agreement, getting them absolutely nowhere with someone as sanely bound as Kelly.
"Um..." his brows come together as he mentally shuffles into the info, "The accountant. Barry Gilman."
"And you're not gonna like all of it." He continues, gripping a hand around his mug, flexing fingers, "but you need to hear it. So you know- this is why things are... the way they are."
That sparked Dean’s attention, even more than what he was already supplying me with, and he threw out a volley of words almost faster than I could process.
“They would just scream at each other, not agreeing about anything. He had plans, places to go, but my dad was so adamant in staying together, ya know? We were a family, we stuck together, and leaving for ‘fucking college’ was the same as abandoning your family in his eyes. But Sammy had worked his ass off for it, and wasn’t about to let it all go to waste, so he left. Hasn’t looked back since.”
The sincerity dripping like ooze off of each syllable she spoke was making it increasingly difficult to shut her out and not feel rude in doing so. She couldn’t know the truth of the matter though, no matter how caring she came across as, for I had little chance of surviving the swell of embarrassment.
“Law. Gonna be some lawyer one of these days...the next Judge Judy is what I told him,” Dean answered. “He gets mad at me when I say that.”
“I have no idea what it’s like? Okay, fine!” Sam interrupted and I knew the arguments were already lined up in the back of his mind like lambs to the slaughter, ready to serve their purpose without so much as a batted eyelash. It wasn’t their compliance or their magnitude that bothered me, because I’d known Sam had a lawyer’s mind, it was their content. Upon hearing his final syllable, chills erupted across the outskirts of my arms and up and down my spine as the ghost of my own name danced around Sam’s tongue, daring to be said.
“What, just can’t let me tip you? Came to hand over the excess cash?” he teased, laughing at his own nagging joke while still maintaining the desire to know what in the world had possessed me to brave the cold and speak to him. I didn’t even have a good answer myself, so I settled on the first emotion to cross my mind:
Before answering, Dean chewed on his lip again like he was searching for the right way to phrase the reply that had popped into his head, or perhaps looking for one that he deemed suitable. I knew the majority of him didn’t want to tell me anything, that part of him wanted me to leave him in peace, but that was impossible, given how intrigued I was. Besides, if he didn’t let me converse with him, I wouldn’t be doing my job right. Bartending was an occupation that thrived on social interaction and communication, of course.
“What’s got you up at night then? This is highly out of character for you, don’t cha think?” Charlie continued as she cocked her head to the left in interrogation, and I wished her concern would leave so she would too and so I could get on with my day. I wasn’t excited to slave through a Friday night shift and deal with so many predictables at once when my mind was clearly and entirely elsewhere, and other people’s pestering was certainly not making it any easier, even though it was Charlie and I knew I owed her several benefit-of-the-doubts.
A rule in bartending that I tried to uphold very strongly was that the newcomers must be served before the older ones were refilled, and often times it was difficult to follow such a ruling since my goal for each night was getting to know at least three people, and that required long periods of uninterrupted attention, but that night was already shaping up to be drastically different. I had little to no trouble abandoning the storyteller, whose hip I felt painfully attached to, and exchanging him for the familiar face at the end of the bar. It felt as though a strange sense of obligation was pulling me towards him, towards whatever clouds of whatever was plaguing his life were hanging over his drooping head, and I was in no position to resist. I didn’t want to resist.
“Oh...t-thanks…” I stuttered, feeling as though my own senses were failing me, but I had much less valid of an excuse.
While his current response to the ordeal told me otherwise, what I knew about Dean and how the two brothers had grown up lead me to believe that he wasn’t dreading the visit in that he couldn’t stand to see his younger sibling, but instead, he was scared of what would come of it. Terrified even, since nothing else I could think of would drive him to come to a crowded bar on a Friday night. I needed to play my next few responses carefully.
“C’mon, you know exactly what I’m getting at. Why all the interest in him? And don’t deny it like last time! I’m not fooling around here.”
“Sammy and I have always been different, really, really different,” he started to explain, a distant, nostalgic gleam glowing along his face, before it converted back into the darkness. “He was about schoolwork, books, gettin’ those straight A’s and being the best kid he could possibly be. He was entirely self-driven, did all the work for himself, no one told ‘em to. I, well, I wasn’t like that.”
“Some, but not enough,” I admitted to my wide-eyed interviewer, who had ceased her scrubbing to send me an inquisitive yet mostly concerned stare.
I agreed, strongly, though was marveling at his insight. “Yes, very. There aren’t many new faces that show up on Friday nights. It’s mostly just college students, the standard drunkards, a few women with said college students at their tails...nothing too exciting or unusual.”
“Raphael was the hard-nosed one of the group, and I believe it is appropriate to deem him the ‘asshole.’”
Dean swallowed and, suddenly, pushed his now empty glass forward, nearly sending it off the edge of the bar closest to me and I scrambled to catch it before it plummeted downward. After placing the glass in a safer position to be washed the next morning, I saw my companion begin digging through the inside pockets of his hefty jacket, his hands shuffling back and forth clumsily until they landed upon his wallet.
“Am I really that predictable?” He sighed, finally, and I felt like a balloon being deflated and all the worry blew into the wind.
“And...Gabriel is the closest in age to me. He’s also the one that drives me the most crazy. He’s very loud, very rude, and has no filter. Somehow he landed a job as a radio personality and he’s living in Boston right now, with one of however many girlfriends he’s had over the years.”
Within a few minutes she’d finished her piece and I left her to dwell in her own thoughts with another glass of wine. The look of exhaustion gave me reason to believe she was through telling the “stranger bartender” her “life’s problems.” I suppose she wasn’t much of a stranger to me, at that point in time, though my identity and life still eluded her. I liked to keep it that way.
The sentence wasn’t meant to be harsh, but I nearly took it as much after its presence startled me so much. Dean’s smile reappeared just in time and convinced me that his question was sincere, free of any negative emotion, to be taken with a hint of sweetness, even, though I was still at a loss as to what it could mean. He would have to elaborate.
I could not pinpoint a location from which his interest was coming from, nor could I find a reason for his curiosity and inquisition, so my mind flatlined and settled on staring at him, wide-eyed and open-mouthed, until I should’ve weirded him out. It should’ve caused him to fade back into a reclusive silence, regretting even bothering to give me a chance, and he should’ve never flashed me his distracting grins or his forest-like stares.
“It’s nothing new,” He grumbled, pausing from his drink, taking his free hand and wiping the side of his face. With the streak came off a wall of his defenses; I watched as his eyes grew sadder.
My dad’s eyes were red and a watery, foreign substance was pooling around his lower eyelids, and no one in the world could convince me of what I was truly seeing.
“I am not into him, Charlie!” I exclaimed, a little too loudly. The moment the words passed my lips, every muscle in my body seemed to tense in fear of the conversation catching the subject’s attention, but with a millisecond glance in his direction, I saw him still in his painful silence, scrolling through his cellphone. I knew I needed to go and get him a drink, be a courteous bartender and do my job, but Charlie was being much too persistent and the beating in my chest made so much noise he was sure to hear it if I approached him.
I thought my description of my job and why I enjoyed it was adequate and that it would be good enough for Dean, but he shook his head no, a sign of dissatisfaction that I didn’t comprehend.
The leather of my jacket touched down on my shoulders before I even knew I’d picked it up in the first place. It’s touch startled me into sudden awareness of my audience and their gobsmacked expressions, as well as my Dad’s version of a reply that I would be lying, again, if I said I didn’t expect.
“I’m proud of him though, really. He and my dad were always fighting, bitchin’ to one another about something someone said, or did, or didn’t do...the whole nine yards. I guess it was good for him to get away from an environment like that.”
“Well, he obviously didn’t do the best job, hm? I mean you left right when you got the chance, and here you are right now bad-mouthing your own damn father. That’s not how I raised Dean and you sure all hell didn’t turn out right,” my dad spat, never taking his unquivering eyes off of my own, eyes that could barely contain a steady, stable line of vision.
After a few torturous hours of guesswork, half-hearted conversations with people of all shapes, sizes, and stories, and several glasses of scotch without any ice, I glanced at the clock hanging just above the bar’s back wall to see that it was just about closing time. After bidding Charlie farewell, telling her I would do the honors of closing up again, I made my tentative way back over the Dean to bring him the news. We needed to close up shop and, yet again, he was the last person in the now dimly lit and nearly silent pub. The only noises to be heard were the faint sipping of Dean’s lips along the the rim of his glass and the minute clinking of the dishes I was putting away against each other. The sounds were so solitary and singular that they were enough to discomfort my ears.
“Dean...if you don’t mind me asking,” I began, trying my absolute hardest to be as polite and estranged as possible. If I came across as too personable, too concerned, I feared he would retract back into the shell of silence I’d only recently convinced him to emerge from.
I nodded my head in a false sense of appreciation, not because the car wasn’t something to be proud of, but because I was lost as to what he was describing to me. The words sounded nice, the car sounded nice, and the way Dean was daydreaming of the vehicle parked just outside was nice too.
“Listen man, I can tell you’re just tryna do your job here…” He began, rubbing a strong hand along the back of his neck and avoiding eye contact at all costs. There wasn’t much else to look at but his eyes trained themselves on whatever was not my face, whatever was not the face of the annoying pestering he was being forced to endure.
Cas sighed after his piece, and had it been any other time of day I would’ve felt concern over his aggravation, because usually he was “employee of the century” at all times and wouldn’t have complained about the salad dressing fiasco much at all, but he hated mornings like I hated the cold, and they brought out the worst in him. It was funny to me, though, because the worst wasn’t even that bad, and while he helped me stay warm in the winter I only proceeded to intentionally piss him off during his least favorite couple of hours.
“Be my guest,” my dad spat. Sam took every liberty available to him, exhausted my dad’s hospitality, and certainly was his guest in every sense of the damn word.
“Nothing of any import, she was just asking me about someone I’d met on Thursday,” I said. I wasn’t lying, and that served as a comfort.
He smiled a smile that brought an equal amount of relief to myself, but instead of pride at my ability to ease his tension, I felt nothing but a strong mix of sympathy and anxiousness. Most people, or those who had specific days during which they made their rounds at their favorites pubs and beer houses, never typically strayed from their schedules unless something dreadful had happened or they needed the aid of alcohol to alleviate whatever new struggler or stressor had come up in their lives. So, in an attempt to find out, I went to work scanning Dean’s facial features even more closely than before.
“Well, if you’re really interested, 'friend',” he began, the amount of intrigue pumping through my veins almost enough to combat the adrenaline and utter confusion at what in the world had possessed Dean to say such a thing?
“N-no, nothing like that…” I whimpered. It was like being cornered by two equally as impending and strong foes: one being Charlie knowing what had really deprived me of my sleep, and my denial making her frustrated and angry with me.
I didn’t even bother turning to reply, for there were no words left to be spoken, and instead focused on the next task at hand: navigating through the winter-wonderland in an attempt to find Dean Winchester. The snow was just starting to pick up, its dusty white substance layering thin on the leafless trees around me and crunching minutely under each step I took. It was utterly freezing though and I could sense the feeling in my fingers and other extremities begin to drain, much like my patience was, but my attention dropped them instantly once I heard the loud roar of an engine trying to start.
I clamped Cas hard on his back, the sound echoing throughout the room, dismissing his troubles and silently thanking Charlie for letting me in on Cas’s little description of me so many months back. It served as a great bargaining chip and annoyance to hang over my rather poetic companion’s head, though it didn’t seem to be quite as effective that morning since he was still willing to pull me in closer one last time and lock lips, deeper than I’d expected, with his top lip slotting between both of mine and threatening to pry them open, and I began to doubt my previous statement about him being the one to pull me from such distractions like the one we were presently caught in the middle. That would have to be my job then, but I let it continue a little longer than my counterpart would’ve had it been any other, more typical day.
All I could do was send him an awkward look of apology, for we both knew neither of us would survive without the impeccable guidance of Charlie Bradbury, no matter how subpar her table-cleaning skills were. I watched as my other, less laidback yet apparently much more hygienic companion rolled his dark eyes and went back to worth, muttering,
“Let’s just be happy he’s payin’ us a visit now, okay?” I suggested. Despite the poor quality of the response, it beat whatever Sam would’ve thrown into the flame, and I couldn’t leave him there, hung out to dry.
“Oh...that’s great to hear…” I murmured, exasperation evident in my voice. Evidently, that false closure I’d gotten hold of the night before had come far too late, and by the time I had to start my day, I’d gotten merely half the appropriate amount of sleep and the side effects of such a change were making themselves evident in my features. I’d realized the state I was in just before leaving for work that afternoon, but my foolish and apparently selective optimism had managed to convince me that it wasn’t all that bad, that it wasn’t too noticeable. At that point, the only thing frustrating me more than the frequent interruptions was my own stupidity and my one-night stand with insomnia.
Dean’s fingers drummed along the edge of his now vacant glass, as if considering a very basic question like he was making a bet, before pushing the glass forward and nearly into my hands. Slowly his head followed, and I couldn’t bring myself to fulfill his request until I was formally and truly meant with another head-on, green gaze.
I’d touched down on his figure within seconds, tuning out the rest of the hustle and bustle around me, and watched him navigate through the large expanse of people and drink, making his way for the bar like he had exactly one week ago. It had been a torturous week, to say the least, full of tense waiting to see if the illusive Dean Winchester would show, mixed with an impending doubt that I was simply blowing his oddity and unusualness way out of proportion. But seeing him make his heavy, weighted way across the hardwood floor and flop himself into the barstool quickly eliminated those doubts and refueled that old sense of excitement that the seven days of wait had almost diminished entirely.
Charlie sent me a beaming grin, just before flinging her head back in a laugh so pure and uplifting that I fought the urge to do the same. There was that part of me still, so heavily distracted and distant from reality, so obsessive and illogical and a little compulsive, that wouldn’t allow me to do so, however, and no matter how hard I tried to hide its existence, my coworker and so-happened-to-be best friend picked up on the presence and sighed. It really did feel as though the walls of my head were windows and she was peering directly inside.
“Of-of course not, I was just listening to her story, that’s all,” I answered honestly. Charlie didn’t seem to buy it.
Again, my choice of reply was an abrupt dip of my head, but I wasn’t able to carry out the simple action without some sort of distraction that resulted in fault: as Charlie padded delicately away, making sure to weave in and around me to further the scene she’d just made, she threw me a swift wink, and I nearly blew my cover. It was all I could do to not burst at the seams, berate her for her ignominious tirade, but I was not known for my public outbursts of anger, or for my anger at all, so I found myself chewing on the inside of my lip instead, panicking over the damage she and my distracted nature had caused.
Dean swallowed and his throat stretched, contracted, and ceased movement, but not before I’d memorized each fluctuation and each step in the process. He blinked twice and then stared, but not before I could paint a mental picture of the long lashes on each of his eyes. And his lips moved to speak, parting slightly before retreating back as if lost on words to say, but not before I could trace the ridges on their surface with my eyes.
“Not really. I was just the average one of the group, which is fine by me. My brothers are all so different that it made life rather awkward. I like just being me, no matter how normal I am. It’s easier that way.”
“Ask Dean what it’s been like all these years. You’re right, I barely have a clue. Everything was already laid out for me when I was old enough because Dean put it all there for me. I’ve seen what you’ve done to him, Dad, and-”
I did need someone to start it with, though, and even though the sleeping figure next me had only arrived there a good six hours prior, I was lonely and still a little irritated over the my lost two minutes of rest, so I was selfish and leaned in closer, kissing the sleeping pout off their face for it only to be replaced by a more intense, conscious one.
So I let Dean ramble about whatever else he wanted to talk about. At some point in the night we moved back to the subject of cars, and he told me the long history that him and his prized vehicle had together, and I listened to every word like a test on his speech was coming at the end of the piece. I let his voice leak into my head and got lost in it. As long as Dean was less anxious about the reuniting of his family, I could breathe easy, and I could listen for hours upon hours with the same expression plastered on my face: carefreeness and a mixture of adoration.
I had little time to dwell on our odd friendship though, because I had a job to do and I felt guilty for ignoring Dean for so long. For what is was worth, however, he probably wouldn’t have been very happy to hear our conversation if it had continued on while I served him, so I’d chosen the best of a bad situation. But now there were no more reasons to avoid him, no more secret opportunities to gaze at and analyze him from afar, and no more time to busy myself with other mindless activities. I needed to truly interact with Dean Winchester, and once the decade long walk to where he was seated ended, I forced a few words of apology and politeness from my throat.
“Do you really want me to go there? Do you really?” Sam snarled. I watched his knuckles tighten and turn white around the neck of his beer bottle until I was sure it would shatter and slice into his skin at the force of it all. None of us wanted him to go there, not even my father who often times was simply looking for a reason to scream, but Sam seemed to be indulging himself after not seeing our father for those two long, desolate years.
“All the more mysterious! He’s living up to his nickname now!” She exclaimed, but paused for a moment before dropping her voice and leaning in towards me, standing on the opposite end of the bar where our topic of conversation had laid his heavy arms just minutes earlier, while I busied myself with wiping the beer dispensers down with what I hoped was a clean cloth. Had it been my turn to do the laundry?
And then I blinked, and it was over. He fell away, after lingering for but a second to touch down, rather clumsily, on my upper lip, and then stood back in his original stance, a few inches away with his hand still in mine and his eyes still locked onto my own. I was far too high in the ghostly, snow-filled clouds to see that it was my turn to say something, to make some sort of move, because I had promised him a ride, but Dean Winchester knew me well enough at that point to tell that I would need a little push to reconnect with reality.
“Well yeah, chick-flicks butcher it,” she agreed, rolling her eyes. “but there is some truth to the idea, at least I think so. I like to think that we all have someone waiting out there. Even the whole meeting by chance, like in the rain, in a cab, and- hell, even in a bar!” She spread her arms open wide and motioned toward the scenery around us. It hardly seemed like the place for two people destined for love to meet for the first time; it could take a large amount of the dramatic effect away.
We were the same in one aspect, however: we both tended to use people. My dad had used me to dump his responsibilities and stressors onto, and now I was about to dump all my worries, pieces, and fragments onto Cas’s undeserving shoulders. I just hoped that Cas wouldn’t leave me like I’d just walked out on my dad, quickly realized how unfair that was, and as I pulled into the pub’s parking lot, I wiped away the last of those insistent tears.
“Dad...Dad’s just at work. He works a lot, ya see…” I pieced together, like a thin thread sewn in shakily through fabric. “But he comes home a lot. Remember the other day when we all went out to breakfast? He was home then!”
“Like I said, it’s part of my job. What better person to vent to than the bartender? They know that I won’t remember much of them, anyways.”
“Fuck…” I murmured, running my fingers up and down my face so they couldn’t see its redness. “I...Dad, I know I screwed up. Sammy left and you got worse and I’m so fuckin’ sorry.”
“Why is it so damn impossible to have a civil conversation with you, huh?” Sam demanded. He arose from his seat, arms spread wide with his drink still clutched within his powerful fingers, and challenged my dad to do the same, who followed with about half as much grace.
“I’m meeting the boys at their dad’s house tomorrow...and that’s sure to be exciting. Not the good kind, either.”
Thankfully, Charlie caught on and backed away, hands raised in, still, a rather amused form of surrender.
The familiarity of his voice, echoing the fading memory of what it sounded like exactly one week ago, was enough to blow me backwards and lose my voice, but it persisted as the curiosity outweighed the minor terror, and I nodded my head.
“Oh, ha, that’s good,” I murmured, unsure of how to phrase my answer without sounding weird to both Sam and my father. They weren’t aware of the situation at all, they had no clue who Castiel was, and while I’d intended to keep Bobby’s nose out of it as well, I should’ve known that such a feat was next to impossible. He had a knack for reading me straight through, like a book from cover, and the only person I could think of who matched this ability was, well, the very same person I’d failed in concealing.
“Nah, you strike me as the person that remembers things, remembers people. You wouldn’t enjoy listening to them so much if you didn’t.”
Castiel doesn’t move. He stands like a monument, like a statue, like a deity, because he is one, and watches Dean work through the muck of his own depressing story of never giving in, never having, never living, never enjoying. And it’s in Castiel’s stillness that he delivers the conclusion of his manifesto:
Everything was background noise apart from my words of departure, which I mumbled in a tone so shaky and trembling so intensely that I barely recognized it as my own. It didn’t seem to do much to calm the storm my weak and somewhat vain attempt at a confession to my father had started. I doubt still that anyone else in the room, even Sam, had heard it, but it flew into the electric-infused space air around us that was being sucked in by angry lungs and returned with the fiery aftertaste of hurtful, long suppressed words. I even watched it fizzle out, just like the last of my spirits had the moment it crawled past my lips.
What was most shocking, however, was his instantaneous eye contact with me. There was a rush of forest hazel and amber specks that met me head on, shooting into my own gaze that was a good twenty-five feet away from him with surprising accuracy, that nearly caught me by surprise. But I remained still and held my ground, halfway bent over, in the middle of placing the shot glasses underneath the bar where they belonged. Regardless of his unusual behavior, nothing was entirely unusual on Thursday nights, so I chalked the incident up as another thing to remember, expect, and analyze.
Another thing that seemed to be becoming habitual, regardless of whether it was intentional or not, was my lack of a voice when forced into conversation with the illusive man leaning with shoulders hunched and breathing heavy just a foot of bar in front of me.
I was so caught up in the magnitude of Dean Winchester’s changed appearance that I nearly missed his response as he called out to me, the syllable of his one word response fading into a murmur and accompanied by a small wave of the hand,
“Heh, really? Well I see him every time I got to that pub, gettin’ to know him pretty well I guess,” is what I replied with, a flimsy answer to say after a sentence of such implied, unspoken worth had been thrown into the already heated atmosphere. I wished Bobby would get the hint that perhaps my dad’s house was not the most opportune of locations to talk about whoever Castiel Novak was, or whatever it was that I meant to him, but if there’s one thing above all others that my dad could sense, it was hostility. He would catch the look I fighted sending Bobby before I could even blink the expression onto my face.
I was a mess, nothing more than one of the regular messes that came through to pester Cas. Why was I at all special?
I wondered when my knees would give out for good, or when the wiring in my head that kept me sane and socially able would permanently fry up, or when the flushing of my neck and cheeks would completely blow my cover, the cover that I still wasn’t ready to admit to myself all the way. I knew that if Dean kept saying things of that caliber, regardless if he was serious in his words or not, the end would be fast approaching. Hopefully he didn’t notice the way my fingers were digging into the bar’s edge for support until my knuckles were white with the pressure.
To continue the story that Dean seemed sadly intent on ending early, there had to be some moment of “start.” Something had to set the rest of the saga in motion, something monumental. Someone had to make a discovery, uncover a mystery, have some life-changing revelation, or, in simpler, more doable terms…
Charlie nudged me from behind, her beam gone and replaced with a raised eyebrow and an inquisitive look, and I made a mental note to be more inconspicuous about my own inquiries.
or, when those times were spent in my favorite way, wrapped up in the sheets I had to so sadly leave earlier with legs intertwined in the way they had been that morning with that same bartender I’d come to know and love so much. Those occasions were still mind-blowing, over a year later, and I just couldn’t seem to wrap my head around the fact that he was mine, and vice versa, and that I was happy in a way that I still cannot even begin to describe.
“Goodness, I’d really appreciate it if you’d stop bringing that up,” he groaned, the articulateness of his sentence a great contrast to how much I was bugging him. “I’d made Charlie swear not to tell you about that.”
“Y-yeah...we’re ready,” I whispered, drawing my fingers slowly out of his, though no sense of loss came with the departure this time, and waited until he was just about seated within the passenger’s seat to enter the vehicle myself. My vision darted toward the pub one last time, perhaps to see if I could catch a glimpse of Charlie, since I owed her the biggest of thank yous, but the pub was dark and the parking lot was barren and empty. She’d left, probably giggling about whatever she thought would occur between me and Dean in the minutes and hours that followed her invigorating speech about my stupidity and my destiny, and I hoped she was having as good of a night as I was.
“Never thought priests would come and hang at local pubs…” Kevin murmured to me as he entered behind the bar with a damp, darkened towel in his hand and a line of sweat across his brow.
“You’re not gonna let this go, are you?” he finally asked. His eyes were so glossed over that I could see my reflection in their green, but that also prompted me to realize just how close I was leaning into him.
There’s not enough time to say what he needs to. Sam is closing the trunk and sprinting to them now, another spare Henley shirt balled up in his trembling fist. And Dean’s mouth is sewing itself shut. The sensation tells Dean that a large part of him wants to lie, wants to retreat behind those defenses he’s been taught to construct and maintain, but the other voice rings true. The other voice convinces Dean to take this moment of cosmic fairness in stride.
“Because, Cas, we have some very important business to discuss, you and I, and privacy is essential.”
Finally, abandoning my efforts and pulling away from my sleep-deprived partner and rolling my eyes in defeat, I answered, glumly,
It only took about another month to realize my less aged yet painfully more logical brother was right, and only another week after that to take his advice in full and build that wall of separation between father and son. I suppose a key piece in realizing there wasn’t much left to salvage between the two of us was his utter disgust and appallment at the fact that I was seeing someone, someone that he did not approve of in the least, and, much like Sam had given his ultimatum, my father gave me his. It consisted of many slurs and phrases I dare not repeat, and the stench of liquor rumbling deep within his throat. And, for the first time in my life, I truly got sick off the smell and decided to not put myself through it anymore.
For the first time in as many Thursday nights that I could remember, I could not bring myself to ask him any of those questions.
“That probably sounded a bit creepy,” he confessed, rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment. Habit.
She was right, I had plenty. I’d been fostering them for weeks now and they were at their height in that moment, that moment where Dean’s staring suddenly made sense and I could translate the unspoken words between us into the same exact thing: a “yes.” Every sentence of sincerity, laugh, confession, act of kindness, touching of knuckles, and whatever else had transpired between us had built up to that singular yes, and while I felt beyond ridiculous for needing an outside source to point this revelation out to me, the stupidity’s mild burn was nothing compared to the adrenaline and excitement inside of me, almost causing me to burst open.
Positivity and lightheartedness was not the correct route to take, I believe. Dean’s eyebrows raised far into his head and he smiled that same, misleading smirk before shaking his head no, the gesture full of dread and submission. It was broken.
"Yes, of course," I answered. He gave me a grateful nod and a smile and launched the keys into the air, a sight that caused more anxiety to well up in my chest than what I assumed would be the normal amount. I had to focus my eyes and the rest of my senses tightly on the object flying across the short distance between me and my boss and will my hands upward, following the silvery metal pieces until they were close enough to capture between my fingers.
“Yeah, we went. Found our way to his latest dump of a house. He moves once every two months, for Christ’s sake.”
In my habitual way of reacting to anything remotely out of the norm, I nearly tossed the bundles of glasses I was carrying in between my fingers in shock at her ludicrous statement. What in the world was she talking about?
His voice wasn’t far away anymore. If anything, he was speaking directly into my ear with no space between us, with no filter or obstructions. It was the purest exchange we’d had yet, and perhaps that was why my knees had grown weak once more, my fingers wrapped mercilessly around the bar’s edge, and why I was silently thanking whatever power there was above me, the power that had given my long gone parents the crazy, out-of-the-box notion that naming their children after angels was a good idea, that there was no one to witness my moment of undeniable faltering.
Kevin gulped before replying with a shaking tone, “It wasn’t anything about that Dean guy, was it? Cuz if so, I’m sorry man. I didn’t think it really mattered, or else I wouldn’t have brought it up.”
“Yes, Charlie, I’m alright,” I replied, sending the source of the voice the most sincere of smiles and head-nods.
It was the simple joy of assurance, of safety, of just be able to be and live in peace and enjoy all the little things that came with that. Sometimes it was a Hallmark kind of life, like our beach adventures and all the meals Cas liked to have outside, perched on a sheet under a tree, sometimes it was something far more racy and intense than that, and sometimes just the chance to look at Castiel at work was enough to turn my insides to mush and my head go blank with love that 13 months, two weeks, six days, and a good twenty minutes past seven hours ago I would’ve told you didn’t exist. That’s what Castiel Novak could do to a person, I suppose.
After Dean had paid me his odd compliment, calling me both a good bartender and “not that bad of a listener,” and after I’d repaid him by ignoring the usual price of his beverage, we somehow fell onto the topic of Dean’s own brother, Sam Winchester. I’d gotten the general, overall picture of who Sam was during Dean’s previous visit, but it proved to be very beneficial to hear the less intoxicated version of things.
“And just look at me now! I’m ranting off to nobody bartenders at deadbeat pubs, doin’ the same shit my dad did and complaining like I got any fuckin’ right to.”
Some sort of godsend occurred, however, in the seconds that followed. Dean must’ve sensed my gaze and turned his own head upwards. I sent him a sorrowful look, trying to convey my apologies and that I had to serve other people for the time being to prevent another interruption, and to my literal euphoria, he dipped his head in a much more courteous nod than I’d given Charlie, followed by a slightly gauche pursing of his lips and a thumbs-up. It was his own, ridiculous way of letting me know he understood, even egging me on to do my job before singling him out. It was an understatement to say that it gave me great joy to be served with such a friendly gesture, and an implication that we’d be able to “discuss later.” Filled with a new determination, I went to work.
I scrawled those words down in my mind and stored them away to be reviewed at a later time, because I’d decided to invade my notes’ subject’s walls and sneak a peek at just what was the matter.
It was a strangely thoughtful question, one that I’d never considered before, though the answer that popped into my head, “no,” didn’t seem nearly as odd as Dean was implying. They weren’t obligated to ask about me; they weren’t obligated to do anything. And even if they had inquired about my personal life or asked questions about how my mental state was, I wouldn’t have much of an answer for them. I was fine. I wanted to listen to what they had to say, and that was all I’d be able to think of.
-I’ve literally been obsessing over you and your situation since the day you walked into this pub and I want to make sure you’re happy and well because there’s never been a person on this Earth that has earned such a reaction out of me like you have, and I don’t understand where those annoying feelings Charlie keeps talking about are coming from, but they’re there, and I can only hope that they’re somewhere inside you as well.-
It was Dean and I was about to approach his car. With him in it. After we’d just shared whatever it was we’d done earlier.
“I-I just tend to pay attention,” were my choice words, and they got the job done. Dean nodded his head and watched as I poured the liquid, like he was relishing in the way it sloshed against the glass, and I couldn’t help but notice that the color of the beverage matched the flecks surrounding his pupils.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean mumbled suddenly. It was so strange to see him so talkative, the new personality brought on by his choice of beverages, but I appreciated it then. It made his persona and general makeup much easier to decipher in that time of urgency.
“Charlie told me she’d clean the tables that were especially soiled before she left last night…” I replied, slightly embarrassed as I quickly realized that it was another task that I should’ve performed on my own.
And that’s where I found myself now: sitting in my apartment and debating whether or not I had the energy to shower that night while my insides were still mildly frozen from the rainstorm, or wait until tomorrow morning in fear of the warm water droplets drifting me off into sleep while I was in the middle of bathing. Eventually I did choose the latter and changed out of my day clothes in a sleepy sort of fashion, and the only part of me that seemed to be awake and functioning was my mind, and it was busy replaying the scenes from that night.
Kevin did not look consoled, not in the least, but I couldn’t be bothered with any of the formalities of friendship and “healthy work relationships,” and besides, I could see the first wave of customers rise over the distance, and I needed to focus. I needed to rid myself of distractions, and keep the farthest away from Charlie as possible. While I hated ignoring her, I wasn’t able to take her stares and her raised eyebrows and just the simple, plain fact that she knew. She always knew, but it felt like, on that occasion, rubbing salt in an old wound.
Once the clock struck ten-thirty, I’d conversed with two nuns who’d ordered coffee, nothing more, and spoke to me about the fate of the world, how God was about to strike down and “zap away the human race, just like that!” “Just like that!”, and their humorous take on an otherwise morbid and grave topic almost made my smile real, almost took away the new undertone of stress that’d followed me around the rest of the night.
“Okay, okay, I won’t bother you anymore,” She replied, earning a sigh of relief from my own mouth. Swiftly and with ease she adjusted the apron tied around her waist, fixed the few strands of fallen hair, and began approaching the door to the kitchen, though I couldn’t help but notice her slowed pace and grin. She wasn’t totally through.
Dean’s stomach is still turning even once he’s on his feet, and the events of the last three days are spinning like a rewinding VHS tape. Empty. Nothingness. Nobody. Jack is God. Cas is gone. Miracle the dog is at the bunker. Sam stares at photographs on his cellphone that he won’t let Dean see. Cas is gone. Dean hyperventilates at night until the dizziness puts him to sleep. Sam makes bacon in the morning. Dean realizes that Cas probably can’t hear his prayers anymore. Cas is gone.
“I do!” I shouted suddenly, snatching my coat from her extended hands and flinging it onto my shoulders in a movement much more graceful than Dean’s earlier attempt.
And Dean glanced upwards, right at me, for the first time all night, and smiled an unsure grin of disbelief and amusement, and I quickly decided to pretend that my statement was supposed to be amusing.
My head shifted sharply to the right, where I saw two off-yellow headlights shine their beacons of now fleeting hope into the snow globe outside of the pub, and treated it as my final destination. It was him, it had to be. I felt my legs switch into high gear and dash in that light’s direction, moving at a pace I didn’t know they were capable of achieving, and nearly slipping on the slick sidewalk with every step, but I never took my eyes off the vehicle about to depart from the parking lot until I could see the driver in the front window and wave to tell him to stop. As if by some God-send, the driver saw me, recognized me, and ceased revving his engine.
There was nothing said in response to that and I filled the gap in communication by placing his drink in front of his wavering vision, and he took it upon impact, throwing it back and downing at least half of the contents in one go while I did my best to mask my shock and worry at just what had driven him to this state.
God, a man’s last thoughts were loud, only broken by Sam’s clammy palm reaching for Dean’s fully numb hand. Dean blinked at the touch. His eyelids were on fire. He smelled flesh and iron, somewhere faraway.
“I don’t know...you just make it so easy to talk to you about my ‘feelings’ ‘n stuff,” Dean confessed. “I’ve only known you for a couple ‘a weeks and you know more about me than my damn family does. How do you do that?”
Secondarily, there were the ever present middle aged men with uncomfortable neck-beards and unnerving dark eyes, forever cast down at the amber liquid in their glasses or bottles not out of shame or any true emotion, but simply because they were much too drunk to raise their line of vision any higher. To accompany them were the forty year old "failures,” as my co-workers referred to them as, while I simply called them misguided souls. They often times were women, with cheap makeup plastering their eyelids and cheeks while lipstick colored their lips in like a child doodling in their coloring books, and they hung around those middle aged men, who had no sense of time or self control, until they accomplished something and whoever was bartending on that unfortunate evening was left to pick up the spewed contents of their insides and clean up their dirty bottles.
“I had to let him go. I had to let him move on, or he’d be wasting all that craziness he has in his head. I had to give him the chance that I never had. Hell, I wanted him to go so badly for himself that I couldn’t stand it and for once in my goddamn life I didn’t think about what you would say. I thought about Sammy, entirely.”
I shrugged my shoulders without meeting his gaze, but I felt it remain on me, a stare that was heated and intrigued, desperate to know more for reasons that continuously evaded me. Was this Dean Winchester only slightly buzzed, and interested?
I swallowed hard, my eyes falling to some unidentifiable place on the floor as to avoid anymore staring. Was I really that transparent?
After pausing for a moment to consider what the rest of my answer would be, I made a rather split-second decision and decided to follow the advice I’d begged Dean himself to follow: confide in someone. Confide in a source you knew you could trust, one that was unbiased, and I knew if I was serious enough, Charlie would suffice just fine.
“No...no...just got in a run this morning, that’s all.” It seemed believable until I said it and I was immediately wincing at my diminished lying skills. I blamed Cas and his forever innocent ways for corrupting me, and yes I realize how little sense that makes.
“Oh, Dean, I went to that bar ya told me about,” Bobby suddenly chimed in, as though my mind were a telescope, free to look into, and after recovering from the statement’s irony, I could help but smile at the thought of it.
I didn’t dwell on that last feeling for very long though, in fear of unlocking or realizing something that I intuitively knew I was avoiding. My mind wasn’t ready to face what it had created for itself just yet, it wasn’t prepared to confront the emotions it had strategically placed in the back of its mind. Besides, I wouldn’t have had time to think or obsess about its presence too much, because it was well past two-thirty in the morning when I finally arrived home, eyes blurry with exhaustion and excitement and my heart fluttering as fast as a hummingbird’s wing, words and phrases and looks and sentimental value flooding every corner and every square inch of space in my brain.
“I KNOW! That’s why you need to go out there and show him, ya freakin’ idiot!” she shouted, more aggressively than I’d ever known her to be. I was milliseconds away from following her orders, about to dash in and around the bar and towards the door Dean had exited out of, when I felt myself freeze. I couldn’t plan ahead. I didn’t know what to do.
“If anything, I think God would be more upset with the amount of marriages that end in bitter, financially driven divorce. I don’t think the gender of the participants concerns him, nor has it ever.”
I swallowed deeply, my fingers gripping the bar’s edge until my knuckles turned white, a pitiful attempt at stabilizing myself, and I hoped Charlie wasn’t lying in wait.
“He really seemed to trust you! Nice work. Have you got him all figured out yet?” Charlie continued after a moment’s silence when she realized that I wasn’t exactly keen on being sociable and keeping the conversation alive. Not only was I trying my best to avoid the questions and inquiries that were sure to be brought up, I felt as though I was betraying that trust Dean had handed to me after being so reluctant to do so earlier, no matter how flimsy or circumstantial that trust may be.
Kevin’s head extended outward, just so I could see his long black bangs shield the tops of his eyebrows, which I was sure were furrowed in disgust and his permanent annoyance.
But the most important point of the lesson she’d taught me, or, more rather, the point that I’d drawn myself, was that the idea of soulmates was entirely, totally, completely, and wholesomely fictional.
He rolled his now sparkling eyes as he dug into his jacket for his wallet, most likely removing way too much money for the amount of drinks he ordered, and answered with,
And they ached, too. Dean was no longer sure of just where the rusty nail in the dingy, battered barn’s wooden beam had pierced him. The pain radiated in dull, humming throbs, tendrils that spread like spiders across his back. Sam’s fingers returned dripping red when he pulled away from his back, but the hurt was everywhere: his spine, his gut, his ribs, his neck, his knees, his jaw, and his goddamn teeth.
“Oh, well if you’re too busy, perhaps I could help out back here? I’m sure Kevin would be fine with waiting tables...if he doesn’t embarrass himself too badly within the first fifteen seconds, of course…” She suggested, with an innocent voice but stingingly devilish intentions. I nearly had to shove both my hands into my pockets to prevent them from quaking with nerves and a frustration I’d never felt towards Charlie, of all people.
It wasn’t until the chime of the doorbell had long since ceased and Dean Winchester had seated himself in front of me that my eyes regained their full vision and I was able to physically respond to the new party of one. He looked up at me with the same ironic, fake smile and sparkling eyes full of more stories to tell, and that alone was enough to spark energy within me, set my interest and deadly curiosity ablaze, and I fought hard to ignore Charlie’s earlier remarks that were singing their tune of accuracy in the back of my mind like an ear worm. She wasn’t right, she was only pulling my leg like she always did.
In no time at all Dean had put the glass to his lips and was letting the slightly-less-than-deadly poison into his system, and I was left to observe in a tense, solitary silence. Often times I’d wondered what it’d be like to have just one singular customer on a Thursday night, but my curiosity had not been so daring as to ask for that lone soul, the one that just happened to be the epicenter of my current turmoil, frustration and fascination, to appear seated before me, oddly sociable and friendlier than usual. It proved to be a much too intense situation for me to enjoy and I was torn between wanting him to speak again, just so his low voice could fill in the quiet that had settled like dust, and knowing that I wouldn’t be able to handle it for very long.
Dean was really dying now. His hands were drooping away from Sam’s, who was trying to cry out to him, but Dean knew the fib had landed well enough. It was written all over his face like answers to an A+ test. So Dean turned his attention to a new pressure in his chest in between the broken ribs and rickety lungs. And it was familiar. It was tight and snug and precise. It reached for his throat and burned his eyelashes.
“My dad took it, I guess. If I wasn’t fuckin’ around, I was being told that I wasn’t good enough for Sammy, wasn’t good enough for the family, wasn’t good enough for him...the works.”
“Unfortunately,” I muttered, heart breaking over the longer of the two hand’s position over the “one” on the clock’s face. I wish I could push it backwards a good two hours so we could resume without much worry, but I could hear my long-forgotten coworker begin to shuffle tiredly out of the kitchen and knew it was too late.
“No, not really. All while he was telling me about his childhood and his family he made it very clear that he was okay, that he was only concerned with how their homelife had ‘screwed up’ Sam.”
“It’s always been here. Before you, even, back when it was an even bigger secret. Always something I couldn’t have, so eventually I…I just told myself that I
That day in particular was sure to be a good one. I could tell by the shimmering light bouncing off the snow blanketing the window sill and into the room, touching down on my face and waking me up in a way I thought was only possible in the movies: nicely. It couldn’t be any later than eight in the morning, and with one blurry glance towards the clock perched on my nightstand, I saw the sun had woken me up a whole two minutes before my alarm, and I frowned. Then, groaning in annoyance and stretching my arms into the air, pushing my body deepers into the covers as I did so, I felt the form of another press further against me, legs entangled with mine, arm wrapped haphazardly around my middle, and grinned sleepily, clumsily. The old expression of grumpiness had vacated my face, and it was definitely going to be a good day.
“Damn it Castiel...go!” she shrieked, expression so exasperated now a smile of disbelief and internal agony painted itself across her face. “I’m not about to let my best friend in the world miss out on such a great guy and a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”
“Is that the mystery dude?” She mouthed, but it felt as though she’d screamed the statement through a megaphone.
“Shit, you’re the little kid of the bunch then?” He exclaimed, the sound of his jubilant voice reverberating off of the quiet and darkened walls surrounding us.
I was getting better at picking up on his jokes and humor, and I heard myself utter what sounded similar to a laugh, the noise so foreign to me that I felt as though it had come from somewhere outside of myself.
“It’s not annoying,” I managed to croak out, and with each syllable came a drift of relief from the load I was struggling to carry. “It’s part of my job...to listen to strangers ramble on and on about their lives and their issues. I enjoy it, really.”
was okay. There was someone missing here. There was an absence so palpable that it halted the tingling, halted Dean’s demise for agonizing, painful seconds.
The amount of self-sacrifice Dean Winchester had gotten himself obsessed with was sickening in the most depressed, aching way possible, to the point where I could nearly feel secondhand the emptiness that had to be eating away at his mind at that very moment and at all hours of the day. The dependency he had on his little brother, who was now living miles upon miles away without any clue about just how much his brother is torturing himself and missing him, while Dean was left behind to sit within his own turmoil without any resources to help him pull him from it. I couldn’t understand how his family could’ve left him like they did, it was a concept beyond my comprehension, any possible reasons they had out of my reach.
“I don’t know what the hell you are talking about. Dean...Dean was...he was being your brother, it wasn’t-”
“Sam and Dean Winchester...has a good ring to it,” she remarked, her voice faraway and distant as though she in the middle of a daydream.
“Gotta keep up that Thursday tradition, right?” I suggested with a raise of my eyebrows. I’d made my way over to his side of the bed after buttoning the last of my shirt and stuffed it as neatly as I could into my pants, feeling satisfied enough with my appearance and knowing Bobby, basically my family member made boss, wouldn’t even notice the degree of orderliness in which my shirt was tucked.
It was certainly stretching things, but I needed an unbiased listener. I needed someone to tell me I wasn’t being selfish and that maybe I deserved to take just one day off from the rampage of chaos I called my life. I needed to listen to the shitty jukebox in the corner, I needed to marvel at the oddities that passed on through, I needed to lean lazily against the bar’s old, weathered surface, I needed to drink scotch without any aggravating ice cubes, and I needed to hear the rough around the edges yet soothing voice of the only person in my life who was totally on my side.
Sam sighed with defeat upon realizing he wasn’t going to get much of a reply out of me, the one soul in the room that could successfully prove every single one of his points to be true, and his burning glare only increased my own grip along the back of my neck, where my spinal cord jetted outward of my skin. It was all I could do to trace the outlines they made and wait for my brother to speak, which he did, and upon doing so I felt goosebumps light up the very surface my fingers were grazing across.
“Bobby stopped by, right?” he added suddenly, after taking a smaller, shyer sip of his drink and I denied the fact that I watched his neck contract as he swallowed.
No amount of plans to become a cosmetologist or complements on my apparently commendable hairstyling skills could make me feel better or less guilty about lying. I hated lying to Sam about where our father was and what he was truly doing, or that he’d rather be here with us eating pancakes at backwater restaurants we found on the way from motel to motel. Dad told me his work traveled. By age eleven, I knew for sure that his spirit, attention span, and slim chances at being happy again were the things that traveled, and Sam knew this by age eight.
And it was in that period of time, the time that I spent staring at something hopelessly unimportant, that I missed something with a monstrous amount of importance. My vision had not only strayed from the terrified and smashed frat boy, but from the door itself, which I’d promised to keep an eye on just for the slim amount of entertainment it provided. I did not believe in ghosts, something that the horrified college boy did not grasp nor even attempt to understand, so his tale had little to no effect on me, and catching glimpses of all the faces that arrived served as something to do, a passtime.
I swallowed the hodgepodge of emotions that accumulated somewhere just below the curve of my own throat and nodded my head rather gravely.
“It’s the bartender. I guess I looked especially depressed the other night and he was askin’ me if I was alright ‘n stuff. You know, the typical bartender stuff,” I explained. “It’s a pretty nice place, has some damn good scotch, so I kept goin’ back and running into him. Nothing weird.”
I waited until Charlie had disappeared behind the kitchen doors, sending me a few winks as she did so that I did my best to deflect and ignore, before turning cautiously back to the subject of Charlie and I’s heated exchange. He hadn’t moved much, aside from his hand and his lips as they curled forcefully around his glass’s rim, and eventually I got tired of the silence and decided to try my luck once more. He didn’t seem entirely opposed to talking, and four days ago I’d gotten more sentences out of him than I’d ever hoped, so my odds weren’t awful.
And just like the the journey to his now silent vehicle had transpired, I blinked and he was there, lips moving slowly against my own in a way so tantalizing I felt like I’d blown away in the wind. I believe he attempted to be soft, but there still was substance in his veins, and as a result the whole exchange turned out to be very tenth grade, but I might as well have marked it down as the single best instance of my life.
“Is...is this a common occurrence?” I inquired. I was on thin ice, but I spied an opening in the distance and I had to act upon it.
“Well, I wasn’t sure that you came on Friday nights. I guess this situation could be called rather unusual.”
My hopes, as well as my defenses, shattered on the spot. He would know I was a fraud, giving up truthfulness for the sake of being relatable, creating conversation. I could feel my throat tighten with the embarrassment, my cheeks flush, and heard some distant voice I believed to be my own speak in a pitiful kind of redemption, but it was just a bunch of stammers and barely there syllables.
Had I been holding something, I would’ve launched it clean out of my grasp and thrown it at the source of the new voice in the room. Instead, I turned around sharply and saw Charlie there, hair now tied in a bun atop her head, with the angriest and most frustrated expression drawn into her typically relaxed and calm face. It was irking, to say the least, and the fact that its severity was directed at me was certainly unnerving. Could she tell me what I had done wrong?
I couldn’t deny the logic in his deduction, of course, and scratched the back of my head in a habitual manner oddly similar to my companion’s and was honest. It was beginning to tingle within me.
I shivered with the effects of her ominous statement, and couldn’t help but gulp heavily as she looked around, rapidly, left and right, as to make sure we were entirely alone. I often found myself to be an enjoyer of lonesomeness, but in that moment never had I wanted someone else’s company more. The light of excitement and the need to know came over her and it was all I could to brace myself for the oncoming storm of questions with answers that I wasn’t able to vocalize.
And there is so much to look forward to now, all because of that one person giving me the necessary edge to get up and make something of myself. All because the soft around the edges, light-speaking, gentle, sometimes gauche yet always inexplicably intuitive man behind the bar had taken an interest in me. All because seeing his smiling, easy going, and forever soothing face was expected, normal, and I could look forward to it at end of each day without fail, without any screaming matches or nerves or anxieties of any sort. No strings attached; he was a different kind of family.
Using Dean’s name was purposeful. I wanted to get a reaction, at least some spark of interest and excite the jumpstart his system and not only give me the acknowledgement I so oddly wanted of the broken man, but to judge the state of his mind in full. His defenses had been so airtight and tall a few hours ago, but if he failed to notice the mention of his own name, a detail Dean Winchester had intentionally hidden under lock and key from me, then I would have true reason to be concerned.
Maybe it was the way he still refrained from making anymore eye contact with me after that initial moment of arrival, or the way he was simply wolfing down frightening amounts of burning alcohol without so much as a single flinch, the only movement being his throat as it contracted along with the liquid it pushed into his damaged system, or perhaps it was just the way he carried himself, and how I watched the walls he had around him crumble with every sip and with every breath in between. I was used to watching the process, I was accustomed to seeing the barriers and layers of every kind of person under the sun being peeled back, but there was certainly something different in this one. There was something else trapped within and behind those layers that even me, the Thursday night bartender, had never experienced before.
There was supposed to be a head of dark hair and huge, concerned eyes and hands that dealt Dean’s drug of choice – that fucking
I watched Charlie’s already large, glittering eyes grow wide with surprise, a surprise that I myself was shocked to see illuminate her irises since she had been the one so adamant in proving that I was “into Dean Winchester,” and not in the platonically curious way, and I was the one who was supposed to be the most surprised. I was admitting a huge, massive revelation to myself out loud for the first time ever, correct?
More milestones had come to pass in my life since gaining my best friend within those strange, strange circumstances: I’d gotten a job at Bobby’s, a real one this time. To bring in some extra cash, Bobby had begun advertising his mechanic skills throughout town and, shockingly, people flooded his near-hut of a garage, plowing through the overgrown plant life surrounding the structure because apparently his prices were significantly lower than the average mechanic’s, but he didn’t bother finding a basis for comparison. We both enjoyed the chance to do something with our hands and I had money in my pockets and something solid to stand on underneath my feet. I can’t even begin to describe the feeling of reassurance it supplied.
“Was it...okay? Were things well?” It was a waste of words, but I hoped it would convey that I cared.
Feeling the moment, feeling the butterflies, and no longer really feeling all that cold, I went along with his little game, knowing that Charlie would be proud.
“Pfft...cleaning to Charlie is putting water on a paper towel and wiping the top of a table once or twice. Not exactly thorough.”
It was nothing short of a difficult task, trying to pass off the sentence as nothing more than common courtesy. There was just an unidentifiable something about Dean Winchester that lead me to believe he wasn’t one for saying thank you often, and there was no denying the warmth it brought. I had a hard time picturing the feeling being purely one-sided.
Cas’s grip is beneath Dean’s right shoulder, Sam’s beneath his left, and they’re carrying him to the car even though he’s in a fully stable condition. He lets it happen and realizes that he’s still crying; is
“It’s not your fault, Cas. I got my hopes up. Thought maybe things woulda been different, that we had some kinda chance at fixin’ things,” he said, deflecting my consolation.
The two of us laughed at the amusement and accuracy in his depiction of the bar crowd that evening, probably picking it up from Charlie’s merciless discrimination of them or my annoyance towards the lot, but I was a little too distracted to let the moment fill me to the brim like Dean seemed to be doing. It was more than slightly embarrassing to know that even he could sense that he really was my favorite-favorite regular, favorite train wreck, favorite drunk, favorite broken soul, whatever he wanted to label himself as that night-and I did have another one of his touchy, sensitive questions to answer. It was an easy decision to keep the trend of daring honesty going, too, once I saw where it was taking us.
He nodded once more, mouthed nothing and spoke not a word, and I pretended like my guilt had diminished for the time-being.
The words haunted me. They echoed in my ears, like faraway calls for help, whenever I fell into moments of silence. They blew past me, reminding me of their incurable pain and sadness whenever I got a second of relief. They knocked on the walls of my head and demanded acknowledgement, demanded thought, demanded consideration, even when the source was nowhere to be found.
Charlie Bradbury really was impossible, but not necessarily in the way that I was implying. She was impossibly clever, thoughtful, and very intuitive. Her way of observation varied greatly from mine, though I wished mine could span across text messages in the same way her’s could. She also proved to be much better at digital communication than I, because already I had run out of sufficient replies.
Of course, Kevin’s main concern was whether or not his work practices had been done in the right, but with one glance in my direction, his face fell with dawning realization that he’d said something of worth, yet had done so unknowingly. I watched as the confusion envelop his expression, slowly but surely.
That was it: the million dollar question, and the correct response attached to it like a pricetag was one that pained me to read aloud.
He paused and rubbed the backside of his head again and I heard a sort-of laugh emerge from his lips this time, and it sounded just as far away, if not even more distant, than mine had.
Wow...did I actually finish something? All 141 pages of it? It truly is an accomplishment for me to have done so, since it's been so long since any of my projects have been completed, fanfiction or not. I owe it to everyone who's read, left kudos, or commented, of course; remember that this would not have happened without you! I hope you all found the end to be satisfying enough, thank you for all the support, and check back soon for more potential Destiel stories! I can never get tired writing about Dean and Cas's "profound bond." :)
My voice sounded louder than I’d expected it to, and I suddenly felt rude and intrusive for even making a noise. Dean jumped at the sound, his shoulders tensing with the fright and his fingers wrapping even tighter around his glass lifeline, a lifeline that was ironically extremely breakable.
“He went on to Harvard to study law and become an attorney soon after, and he’s living in New York at the moment, alone I believe, but sitting atop a large stack of money. My parents always bragged about him.”
I hoped that I didn't look too strange when I watched those seated at the bar, their elbows pressed up against the black countered surface and eyes scanning the massive selection of drink that was carved out of the extensive woodwork on the wall behind me. I liked to analyze their body language, their movement, their personality based on the way they ate, drank, spoke, and looked at that oddly captivating wall of alcohol. It was a skill that had become highly developed the longer that I worked at the pub, and there had never been a person I couldn't figure out. I turned everyone who took a seat and ordered a drink from me in my hand, felt their ridges and learned their oddities, and stored the information like codes in my mind. It was a wondrously rewarding process.
Dean sighed and pushed his plate aside, stepping over to find Cas. "Cas, I wasn't judging you, I was just surprised.”
“Who is he? What’s his name? What is he like?” He mom blabbered excitedly. His Dad just rolled his eyes.
“I think so…yeah, if he wants to try again, id like that. Especially if what you say is true and that I’d understand why he ran like he did, once he explains myself.”
“Its me. I just need s-some space. P-please.” He felt a tear drop down his cheek and he turned so Dean wouldn’t see.
Dean grinned, licking a drop of syrup off of his lips seductively. "I've been waiting for you to ask.”
it hurt, but Cas went slow, only pushing in a little at a time to let Dean adjust to the intense feeling of being stretched open around a cock for the first time.
"Dean love, please calm down. If we don't have a rational calm conversation about this, it's not going to work. And I really want this to work, and I thought you did too." Cas tried to calm Dean down. He was pretty sure now that Dean's idea of being with a Dom was not a healthy one. And that would not do.
“You sure? I Know its soon and everything. But I let it slip that I had a boyfriend, so they started asking all about you and everything and saying they want to meet you- “
“Y-yeah, I mean…why not?” Dean shrugged before clearing his throat. “If you’re okay with that. I uh, wasn’t sure what you prefer, like what…um…position.” He whispered, clearly uncomfortable talking about it.
“You too Castiel. And don’t worry, I’m sure you will be pleasantly surprised when you pick your daughter up.” Charlie said mysteriously, with a suspicious glint in her eye that confused the hell out of him. He left the store and shook off the weird interaction, as he started his car and made his way to the school a couple of blocks north.
Dean shivered, shaking his head, "Never, sir." He blushed pink at the pet name, biting his lip and wiggling again
"Hey. You just got all tense. Are you okay?" Dean pulled back to look at him, worry written all over his face.
Bobby was just staring dumbfounded, not knowing what to do. He definitely did not expect to see this man his boy was dating cry. He just sat there staring until Cas calmed down.
Cas knew he was being a coward. So, eventually he went back into the kitchen where Dean was still eating and sat next to him as he cleared his throat.
“Papa! Papa!” she yelled excitedly. “Look who's here! It's the man from the dunk take, Mr. Winchester.” Cas was confused for a second, before he looked up from his daughter's face, and that's when he saw him; The gorgeous, green-eyed twink that had captured his breath over the summer. He was so speechless from the surprise of seeing the young man again, that he just stared slack-jawed like an idiot before the man
"Good I'm glad. You were so beautiful when you whimpered and moaned. And when you thrashed around. And especially when you cried. So beautiful" he said as he kissed Dean again.
He could see Dean stroking his hard length from the corner of his eye and Cas couldn't help but glance over at the man’s lap, watching Dean's cock disappear in his fist, as he moved his hand up and down. His own cock leaked as he stared at the other man's. He itched to reach over and replace Dean’s hand with his own, or even with his mouth. He was so lost in thought he didn't hear Dean until he yelled his name.
Over the last four months, Cas and Mary had become very friendly. Once she had realized that Cas’ own mother had disowned him, she made it her mission to treat him like a son, and invited him and Bee over for dinner at least once a week. She had told him that it broke her heart that Bianca never got to experience having a grandma to love her, so she went out of her way to spoil his little girl. Bianca, of course, ate up all the attention she was now getting, and Cas had never seen her so happy. He felt so lucky that Dean had come into his life.
He stood on his front porch until he saw an old Lincoln Continental pull up to the front of his house, and who he assumed was Cas in the driver’s seat. He made his way to the vehicle and climbed in the passenger seat.
They ate their food and then he dropped her off before making his way home. He walked inside and said hello to his parents, who were watching a movie in the living room, before making his way up to his room. He was exhausted after the long day at the Carnival so he quickly got ready for bed and slipped under his sheets. He drifted to sleep with thoughts of blue eyes and full lips.
His mood didn’t fare any better the next day either, as he worked a shift in Bobb’s garage. The old man called him an ‘idjit’ a few times and told him ‘get his head out of his ass and get to work’ when he became distracted by his own brooding, and bumped his head on the undercarriage of the car he was changing the oil on.
“Oh, that’s…that’s too bad. I’m sorry to hear that.” Dean was surprised to see that Cas actually did seem genuinely sorry too, and was that disappointment in his voice? No, Dean had to be reading that wrong. He was probably just projecting his own feelings onto the older man. There was no way he was actually sad about Dean leaving. He wasn’t crushing on Dean like Dean was to him, no matter how much Dean wished he was.
“Oh, um, right. Yeah I didn’t think of that.” He shrugged. His face had to be the color of a tomato at this point.
“Guess we both thought wrong huh?” Dean joked, and Cas joined in as they both just stood there awkwardly, not knowing what else to say. Luckily, they were saved by Charlie coming back from the bathroom.
“Long enough. Did you mean it Cas? Are you really in love with me?” Fuck. Dean wasn’t supposed to find out; not like this. He hadn’t even been sure he wanted to tell Dean, but unfortunately the cat was out of the bag.
When he got home, he greeted his parents who asked how his day went. He talked to them for a bit, before retiring to his room for the night, ready to sleep after the exhaustion of his day. But as he slipped under the covers, his mind couldn't help but picture blue eyes and plush lips, and before he knew it, his hand was wrapped around his dick. It took no time at all for him to come, Castiel's name on his lips, as he painted his stomach white with his release. This semester was definitely going to suck. How was he going to be able to look at Cas every day, pining after the man that wouldn't ever even
“I’ll take the bacon cheeseburger with a Coke please.” He stated as he looked over at Dean for his order.
“Fuck Cas. I love you too.” Dean whispered and Cas could hardly believe his ears. He pulled back to look Dean in the eye.
“Dude! Right?” Dean exclaimed in agreement. “I don’t get how everyone always says that one wrong. Its not
Charlie left soon after and Dean sat there, trying to work up enough courage to place the call he knew he needed to make. He finally hit dial and listened to the phone ring.
"Fuck. Um. I was going to let you take charge tonight. You know, do anything you wanted. Even fuck me if you wanted." Cas basically whispered.
He took a few deep breaths before texting Cas that he was ready. He waited with baited breath, until he heard the bedroom door open and Cas let out a gasp. He turned his head and saw his boyfriend’s slack jaw.
“Yes. It’s not like fucking a vagina. It can get messy. Which is why anal usually isn’t done spur of the moment. I’ll be quick though. Just make yourself comfortable until I get back.” Cas winked at him, before he left the room.
Cas watched for a reaction from his sub. Pleased by what he saw, he pushed his pants down further and pulled his cock back a little, before shoving it deeper and hitting Dean in the back of his mouth where his throat began. He did this a few more times before he slowly fed more of his cock into Dean and felt it slide down his throat slightly. He planned on being rough but he wanted to test the waters a little before he started really fucking Dean's throat.
“Fuck yeah Cas. Come on me.” He goaded his boyfriend. Cas groaned and then spilled his release all over Dean’s ass before collapsing on the bed too, half laying on Deans back.
“He should be here any minute Gabe.” Cas sighed before looking at his brother sternly. “And you will not embarrass me or I’ll tell Kali about that weekend in Reno.” He threatened the shorter man.
“Okay, what’s a secret of yours that I’d be surprised to find out?” He asked his friend, who started to blush. ‘Hm, interesting’. Cas though as he waited for Dean’s answer.
Dean had cooked them a nice dinner, even lighting candles to try and fancy it up. Cas had just smiled that adorable gummy smile of his and told Dean he loved him before they began eating. As he finished chewing the last bite of his meal, he pushed his plate away.
“Oh, I…uh…I didn’t know that.” His shoulders hunched in shame at his own stupidity. He always thought anal was just something every gay guy did.
“Shit. Shit shit shit…” He mumbled to himself, face red. He frantically tried to figure out how to fix this, but came up blank. He must have been silent to long because Sam just cleared his throat, causing Dean to finally look up and see the smirk on his little brother’s face.
That night, Dean still couldn’t believe the whole exchange happened. He went through the bag the man Cas put his purchases in when all of a sudden, a piece of paper fell out. He lifted it and began to read.
"That's my good boy. If you can be good the whole time, I promise, when I do let you come, it will all be worth it." Cas said as he started running his hands up and down Dean's bowed legs.
Cas finished cooking and set both plates of food down for them to eat. He made himself comfortable in front of Dean and watched his boy start eating, even though he couldn't make himself eat. He was too nervous.
Anyway, back to Dean and his secretiveness. Cas was determined to figure out what was up with the other man. He thought about Charlie’s upcoming party and figured that maybe he could get the truth out of Dean when their friends were there. It would be a lot harder for him to lie with multiple witnesses.
"It'll just mix perfectly with the tears you will cry as you are choking on my big cock." He purred as he ran his thumb over Dean's perfect lips.
Castiel laid one hand across Dean's neck to hold him down. He used his other hand to pull Dean's panties down so they were resting just below his ass. And was a great perky ass it was. "Before I start, I want you to tell me what you are being punished for boy."
“Yo Cassie!” His brother answered in his typical jovial tone. “How is the moving going? You settle in all right?”
“Mine too!” Cas replied excitedly. He didn’t have many friends, and the few he did have, did not share his taste in movies or tv shows at all. And for Dean, of all people, to share his interests? Damn, this was going to be even harder to reel in his crush now.
How hard is it to get it right?” he waved his hands around in a clearly annoyed gesture. Cas was a bit stunned. He’d never met someone as passionate as he was about that particular thing.
They disconnected the call and Cas waited anxiously until he heard a knock on his front door. He let Dean in and they made their way to the couch, leaving space between them. Cas watched Dean wring his hands together, looking uncomfortable, but he didn’t want to push him. He waited the younger man out until he finally seemed ready to talk.
"I suppose I can be convinced by that." Dean's fingers ran up and down his chest. "Now let's get clean.
“Your ass feels so fucking good Dean.” Cas growled in his ear, sending shivers of lust down Dean’s spine. He turned his head enough to capture Cas’ lips in his as the other man fucked into him harder.
“Yeah bro! He’s probably anxious about the auction ya know? The vibrators will help him relieve some stress and relax.” He could hear Gabe trying to hold back his laughter, but he didn’t think much of it. His brother was rather immature after all. “Just go online and have a few sent to him. Trust me he will be so grateful.”
When Cas walked back to his bed, he was shocked to find Dean in the position he was. He didn't tell him to hold his cheeks open, but that's exactly what he had been planning on telling him to do. A part of his heart warmed up thinking that Dean was absolutely perfect for him. He settled himself behind Dean and ran his finger down Dean's crack. "Have you ever been hit with a riding crop Dean? " He asked as he dragged said crop between Dean's cheeks.
“He doesn’t...he won’t even say anything. He doesn’t even know how to face you, Dad,” Sam exclaimed, leaning forward and throwing his hands into the air with the intensity and heat of his words, though the severity was completely void and depleted from my dad’s face, and to be quite frank, it didn’t seem like he could care any less.
“No, you said nothing, Kev, nothing of import,” she announced, voice hurried and rushed as if to shoo him off. In my mind, I begged him to stay, because at that moment, he was the only thing standing between Charlie’s temporary silence and the confrontation I so desperately did not want to have. I tried to grab his attention once more, but he was too captivated by Charlie’s alleviation of his guilt or worry of what his words had meant.
Judging by the way he was teasing me, he wouldn’t be mourning the loss much and would probably be spending the hours of my absence in pajamas and in and out of naps. Soon my free hand found its way into his hair, but he knew better. I was distracted too easily, got carried away at the drop of a pin, at the brief press of lips, and he was right: work existed and needed me there at the top of the next hour.
But, damn it to hell or wherever he was being fast-tracked to, he’d snuck glances. He’d ventured beyond the walls. He’d let the warmth linger, the kind you can’t find elsewhere, the kind they manufacture “upstairs” but, even then, a special kind of it. He’d peered in between the windowpanes and stuck his fingers out between the cracks, pining until he remembered his job. His duty. His lies.
“Yeah, sure thing. What do you need?” He replied. I wanted to shake him and scream at him to deny the offer, reject the question, though I bit my tongue instead. Quite literally.
I did mean it. I meant in every possible way, truth, context, and situation, but it suddenly became six times more difficult to admit out loud again once my intuition told me the identity of the newest customer. Yet, perhaps it was the tightened grip on my shoulder accompanied by several heavy, distressed, and achingly familiar footsteps that snapped me back into my train of thought, back into reality, and back into my ability to speak.
My rather draining thoughts and theories were temporarily cut short, however, when my boss appeared from somewhere in the kitchen and walked behind the bar, face a little sweaty and an apron spotted with brown and an unsettling yellow tied around his waist, and signaled to me with a wave of his hand.
“You guys talked forever. I would’ve offered to close up, but I didn’t want to interrupt anything...hope that’s alright?”
“I mean, I know Sammy’s happy, so I couldn’t have screwed up too badly, but...shit, I don’t know,” he breathed. The color across his cheeks had deepened as the amount of alcohol he consumed increased, and each time he spoke he revealed more and more until he really was becoming the open book every other person I served was, the open book I’d wished he’d been upon meeting him for the first time, but now I couldn’t ignore the gratification that came with earning his trust over time.
Their legs rubbed against mine, just now noting the awkward and very much inconvenient position we’d fallen into the night before, and tried to draw away from my grasp in a fit of mumbles and moans of disruption. I should’ve felt guilty for being such an asshole, for they needed the rest far more than I did, but it was so warm in the heap of flannel sheets and skin and foggy memories of whatever we’d done in the earlier morning hours that I held them still and planted another press of my lips just below their ear. It didn’t do much to ease the aggravation.
“That’s not –” except that’s exactly what it is, that and ten thousand more things. “You weren’t happy. Because of me. Don’t twist it. Don’t lie. For…God, for fuck’s sake, don’t lie to me anymore…”
There were so many possible buts. There were so many scenarios that could play out, so many things that could end his sentence, so many possible sources of his intensified anger, and so little time for me to choose an option and form a strategy around it. All I could was stand, lean forward, and stare at his castaway eyes and make note of the freckles dotting the bridge of his nose and the pink skin just underneath his cheeks, wonder what the source was, and feel my curiosity boil over into something I could no longer contain.
He looked absolutely miserable, as if all the spark and intoxicating energy he’d possessed less than twenty-four hours before had abandoned him, and it worried me. It worried me sick, rendered me shaking to the point where the walk to his end of the pub was much more laborious than it should’ve been, and cut off my imperative ability to speak. So, as a consequence, I found myself standing, board-like, with my hands pinned at my sides and my mouth slightly parted with unspoken words and beads of embarrassment, now turned into sweat, running down my forehead. It was the first time all night that the enclosed space, mass amounts of people, and increased body heat had started getting to me.
“I’ve been shitty to you. I’ve been…unsure. And I didn’t mean for it to screw you over. I never meant that. It was
It wasn’t that what she was saying didn’t make sense to me. It did. I totally understood what she meant in her blunt, expletive description of Dean Winchester’s eyes and the way they sunk into avoidance whenever he was confronted in a way he couldn’t combat, or the way they got darker and darker as the moon hung higher and higher in the sky. I knew what she meant by his jawline, and the way he clenched it tight every time a question he deemed unanswerable was directed at him, or how it tensed just before he was about to deliver a particularly rude response.
“I mean, straight-A, willpower of a machine, golden study habits, and teachers’-pet but-in-a-cool-way kind of genius. I used to just kinda stare at him and wonder ‘how?’ ya know? I was never like that, but it was sure awesome as hell to watch him grow up and become it.”
And I would’ve socked him right there, given him a piece of my mind, but I happened to care very deeply for the blue-eyed, slim-toned, eternally awkward yet now slightly more socially able, gentle, and simply kind bartender and goddamn angel lying pretty underneath me, so I settled on ruffling his hair and releasing him from my death grip. It was ten minutes past eight now, and I needed to get going.
Among the things that I was struggling to handle was the way Dean’s throat was flexed upward as he downed the remains of his drink, and how his adam’s-apple bobbed upwards as he swallowed, and how I wasn’t able to watch without splotches of red appearing on my cheeks to complement the purple and blue circles under my eyes.
Dean smiled in that way I’d watched him do before, one that could be misleading to some, but I had it mapped out. It was a smile full of awkwardness, the inability to truly admit to accept any form of complement or sentiment, but it let me know my concluding statements had been acknowledged, and that alone brought a smile all my own to my face, though it was one that I tried my hardest to conceal. He didn’t need to be aware of the way my heart’s pulse had increased, or the way I could hear the blood pounding in my ears, or the dampness within the palms of my hands, or even the thoughts running through my oxygen-deprived head.
“Perhaps a little bit of both…?” I suggested with mostly sarcasm, and the joke was well-received. I soon corrected myself by saying, “No, nothing like that. I’m just able to tell when a friend appears to be sad.”
She turned around on her heels suddenly, now standing next to me and facing in the same direction, and flung her thin arm around both of my shoulders, pulling me in close. Placing her head next to mine, she extended her hand outward and waved it across the pub like a tour guide showing off a particularly beautiful patch of scenery. I was struggling to find the beauty in a vacant pub though, besides the shine of the tables that Kevin had just cleaned.
“Before you ask, you can keep the change. Take it as all the tips I’ve been cheatin’ you out of,” he said with a sly wink and a smirk, yet the usual grace he possessed in doing so faltered due to the substance running through his system. And before I could register was what occurring before my eyes, let alone ask like Dean had said, there was the adrenaline rush of hands running against my arms, barely there but the light touch so intensely present, and Dean was rising up from his seat and flinging his jacket onto his shoulders. He almost missed the left arm hole, and I grew concerned as to how impaired his vision was.
lied to him. But, shit…I…I still wanted it. All the time. When we were together. Apart. When I wanted to kick in your goddamn shins. When I wanted to…to search the damn planet for you. It was still there, but I can’t have it. So I push it down. And I thought that the longer it stayed down, the less it…the less
That ghost didn’t depart for hours on end, not until the moonlight was seeping silver through the window panes, purple had painted itself under my eyes, and the golf team was stumbling out of the door with their green-and-brown stained white pants brushing loudly together. I watched them go through long, heavy yawns and through squinted eyes. Energy was not something that I had an abundance of at that point, but seeing that the time was only minutes before eleven sent a wave of dread through the drowsy parts of me. I still had hours to go, but no sign of my expected visitor. The dread was accompanied by a doubtful heart, one that felt weighted and unwanted in my chest, and I hoped that the dreadlocks girl was okay.
“He’s very troubled, really,” I replied, being perfectly honest and wishing she wouldn’t dwell further.
“I work down at our good friend Bobby’s auto shop now, fixing deadbeat cars and makin’ phone calls,” He said quickly after, as if attempting to defend himself in fear of making it look like he wasn’t all that important. I, in contrast to his belief, was utterly fascinated with his life and his life’s choices, as well as the fact that I’d been indisputably right.
“Your brother seems to have faith that it will turn out well. I doubt he would come otherwise, right?” I suggested in sad, pitiful attempt to amend his negative outlook on the idea.
Dean looked at me with the purest of stares, the kind in which I could pick out no ulterior motives or any hidden drawbacks, and he was just being nice. Simply, kindly, completely, and naturally nice, and it wasn’t registering with me. What did his offer mean, was there truth to any of it, or was it his desire to keep creating small-talk kicking in, combined with the intoxicating side effects of his beverage? Regardless of the cause, I myself felt a strange sense to comply and accept, even though the mechanics of cars was not something I cared about in the least. It was like an abnormal pull forward that I was finding difficulty in resisting, yet there were so many signals going off in my mind that I had to stop and think.
“Eh, I don’t know...I just haven’t seen the guy in a while. He’s probably changed a ton, gotten into different stuff, the works,” he admitted, slowly but surely, similar to an animal being gingerly let out of a cage. I was just weary of the instant where he decided to snap at me. In hopes of preventing such an event, I refrained my speaking anymore, and let Dean continue at his own pace. I watched his face darken at its own pace, as well, and the swell in my chest grew deeper.
“And it certainly is not my fault that you decided to keep me up even later than usual, you know,” he added with a devilish twinge to his tone that I only heard during the most compromising of times, and it earned a hearty laugh from within my chest, a laugh that was free of all traces of guilt.
“It’s definitely easier to pronounce,” I remarked to myself as I turned the sign on the pub’s door from its harsh “closed” to the more warm, inviting word “welcome,” as if the action was ceremonial in some way.
but break the shape when Cas turns his head to the left – always the fucking left – and drags his hand down to Dean’s shoulder.
The way Dean’s face had fallen after hearing me say that send stabs of guilt into my stomach, as well as the feeling that there was far more to the story of Sam and Dean than he’d previously told me. The desire to know eventually beat out whatever guilt I had, anyways.
All traces of familiarity were gone in an instant, blown out like a candle, along with my doubt and whatever kind of gameplan I had. I almost couldn’t bring myself to look at Dean as he spoke, but there was no way I’d be physically able to look away. He’d caught me with his words and kept me with his green and brown hues and his, still present, brokenness. It wasn’t as strong then, seeing as though the night had begun, but I could still hear it rumble, its tremble. Though maybe that was just my shaking hands distracting me.
Dean simply shook his head no, further embedding his request for me to keep the excess money, and arose from the barstool he'd been practically glued to all night. Upon rising up and standing in his full height, I realized just how massive and intimidating his form truly was. Dean was well over six foot, with shoulders broad and clad in what I was beginning to wonder was an irremovable leather jacket, and his brow was cast in the dark shadows from the dimmed lights above. I measured a measly five-foot-ten-inches, and my shoulders' width was hardly comparable to his literal wingspan.
I’d often imagined what I would do if I ever lost, who would bring the loss upon me, and what I would do to redeem myself. The situation at hand was not one that I expected, of course, and as I grabbed my coat from the hanger nearby the back exit, draping its khaki length across my shoulders, I made an important decision. I would not feel bad about the defeat, but I would embrace it. I would challenge it, and, in doing so, I would challenge Dean Winchester in the longest game yet.
“N’ugh…” was my choice of grumbles as I pried myself out of the soothing solace of sheets and the familiar grasp of Cas’s arms and legs. In a few painful moments I’d emerged in full and was stretching my arms upward once more, causing my back to give a loud crack and creak of bones being dislodged from the night’s position, when I heard a snicker from behind me and turned around on a shaky heel.
A sound did cut through the almost-silence, however, and it was that damned door bell once more. Yet instead of immediately flinging my head and vision upwards to see who’d entered, I just averted my eyes slightly to get at least a sideways glance at who’d waltzed in at twenty one minutes past eleven, and was met with a pleasing sight, full of red hair, giggles, and skipping steps.
But, again, that was later. The only thing I had to routinely stare at while I was at work was the rusted hands on the clock which seemed to drag on agonizingly slow, and around ten-forty-nine I could’ve sworn that they’d frozen in place. I was in the middle of a particularly long and dreadful story, told to me through the lips of a college junior, consisting of his promise to me that he’d seen a ghost routinely for three weeks now, telling him to breakup with his girlfriend because in the distant future she would cheat on him with his uncle, of all people. I was asking for the ghost’s appearance, as if the shade of dead that her eyes possessed would make the tale any more bearable, when I wondered if the clock had stopped at the odd, unspecific time, staring at it for a good twenty seconds while the storyteller went on about her unruly hair, and let my mind wander.
The door gave a ding and his hefty, tall, and dark form had disappeared into the very same rain before I could blink and think of a decent response, and when my vision focused to see him gone, the swoop of energy that had come over me upon Dean’s arrival vanished. I found myself gripping the bar’s edge for support, scanning the seat Dean had been sitting moments before over and over, and wondering just what I’d been through. It took me a great deal of time to actually get moving, close down the pub, and enter into the dismal, dreary rain myself. It’s cold sheets served as a rude, less welcomed form of energy than what my usual yet still elusive regular had supplied me with.
“Sam’s off at fuckin’ Stanford now though. I haven’t talked to him in over two years, but it seems like life is pretty fine ‘n dandy for him. Good. I’m glad.”
“Sounds a little weird if you ask me!” my dad decided to roar, and I realized with an instantly heavy heart that he was the only one in the fastly shrinking room that did so. Eyes flicking back and forth between the other two occupants within those four walls, I searched for some form of ignorance, for some sign that told me they didn’t know me as well as they seemed to, but my search proved to be fruitless. The tension in the air was burning away at what little defenses I had left and I was left to wait anxiously for someone to change the subject away from a topic that I didn’t even understand myself.
Every topic of conversation that could be brought up had to be condensed or watered down around my father. He simply felt so strongly about so many things, and his strong feelings often translated into shouts of anger, fits of rage, and would surely cause the departure of my younger brother for the next two years. Sam and I had gone over what was to be mentioned and what was to be kept in the dark, and Sam’s college life was one filed away into the latter category. Bobby had not been there for such a discussion, however, and every nerve in my brain was screaming in both tension and anxiety over the unknown.
There was no sense in lying: the fact that he was right was evident all over my face and in my mannerisms. His appearance had blown be backwards, thrown off my entire night, and yet, somehow, I managed to devote its remainder to him. It was funny to me how it all worked out.
Castiel has two big blue eyes. The first time Dean ever saw them they were framed in sparks and starlight and shotgun residue. But now, as he gazes upon them, there’s nothing more. There’s nothing else. They’re all he needs. They’re good, and real, and true, and fair.
“Oh, hey Cas,” he murmured, rubbing the back of his neck in the oh-so predictable way he did. “Wasn’t sure if you worked Fridays.”
Thankfully, the blush that accumulated along my cheeks and the bridge of my nose had mostly dissipated by the time Cas had reached whatever it was he’d been looking for and had turned around.
He walked into the room and took the loveseat across from them. His heart was racing and his palms were sweating. His head was down, eyes staring at the carpet and he couldn’t bring himself to look into their faces just yet.
Now Castiel felt bad. He moved over so Dean would come on. " I'm sorry. I didn't need to leave you hanging.”  Castiel supplied, still confused.
Dean clambered to the middle of the bed, wiggling impatiently, his ass a bright cherry red from the spankings, breathing harshly whenever fabric touched them
“Very nice Amanda. Ok, now you child.” She pointed to the next kid. They went around the room and all introduced themselves and were excited to talk about their summers. Eventually it was the last kid’s turn and Dean turned to face her. She looked familiar to him, but he couldn’t place where he knew her from.
“You…uh…you don’t think I’m a freak?” Dean managed to squeak out unsurely, still disbelieving he wasn’t being subjected to a brutal teasing right now.
“Ugh Charlie, I’ve been trying. You saw me, right?” his daughter responded. He had to hold back his chuckle. This was too cute of an exchange.
"Cum whenever you can love." Cas replied as he continued to fuck his fist in Dean's ass. Dean cried out as he finally came with a brush of Castiel’s fingers, shuddering over and over, hole clenched tight around his wrist. Cas felt Dean cum and it felt amazing on his hand as Dean's hole tightened around his wrist. He slowly worked his hand out of Dean and laid down beside him and pulled Dean on top of his chest. "How do you feel love?" He asked.
“Y-yeah Cas. I wanna feel you inside me.” He pleaded and then he felt it; the head of Cas’ cock pushed in, breaching the tight ring. His eyes clenched tight as he tried to relax around the large girth stretching him open.
"You are so sexy, love." Cas said as his hands washed Dean. His sub sank back against his body and smiled, enjoying the touches. Cas finished washing Dean and began washing himself quickly before the water got cold. Once they were finished in the bath, Cas dried both of them off and dragged Dean into bed with him.
Another school in the district had offered him a position though, and Dean had jumped at the chance. Come September, he would be teaching Kindergarten at South Bay Elementary School. Bianca had been disappointed that he wasn’t going to be teaching at her school, but seeing as Dean was over their house almost every other night, she saw him enough to keep her happy.
Dean had just gotten home from work and stopped at the front desk of his apartment building to grab his mail. He was handed a package along with a few envelopes. He walked up the stairs to his apartment confused since he didn’t remember ordering anything recently. He threw his keys on the kitchen table along with the mail, before grabbing a kitchen knife to open the package. He cut through the tape and opened the flaps of the cardboard box, and before looking inside to see what it was. He froze in shock when he realized what he was looking at, not really believing what he was seeing; Three vibrators were staring back at him.
When Dean got back to his own room, he sat on his bed with his head in his hands. He had no idea what the fuck just happened. They had been having sex-
The kiss started off slow but quickly heated, both men groaning as they got lost in the moment. Cas could feel his cock harden in his pants but he didn’t want to push for more and have a repeat of last week. Dean seemed to have other ideas. Cas felt him reach a tentative hand up his thigh and Cas pulled back from his mouth. “Dean, we don’t have to do anything besides kissing.”
Cas turned around and hugged Dean. "Go sit down love. I’m cooking breakfast." Cas said as he turned back to the stove to finish cooking. Dean nodded and plopped on the kitchen chair, smiling. He listened to the music, bobbing his head.
After he got dressed, he poured himself coffee in his travel mug and went to leave the house, but his car keys were not on the hook by the door where he put them. He pulled at his hair in frustration before spending the next fifteen minutes searching for the damn keys which he eventually found in the freezer of all places. The universe had to be fucking with him, it just had to be.
"Because we always meet here since you live alone." Dean said matter of factly as he stretched his slender body, spine arching.
“I really like him too Gabe.” He agreed softly, feeling happier than he had felt in a long long time.
"Why don’t we get dressed and I’ll take you out to the Diner up the road for brunch. And then if you don't have any plans today, we can explore this a bit more." Cas suggested.
Dean gasped, realizing what was coming and having to force himself to stay still, occasionally moaning and his hole loosening easily for Castiel.
"Fuck Dean. You love it when I shove my cock in your ass don't you?" Cas asked as he thrusted hard and deep into his boy.
He sighed as he poured the coffee into his mug once it was finally done brewing. The first sip was always the best. It was probably all in his head, but once he took that first sip of his morning coffee, he always felt a little more awake; like he could take on the day. And this morning he desperately needed it, because he already could not wait to go to bed.
“Huh…” They both just stood there, before Gabe shook himself out of it. “Well, I’m still not convinced it’s a ghost. But if you didn’t write that, someone did…” He mused before pushing Cas out of the bathroom so he could get dressed.
Dean grunted, almost immediately shoving back into him. "Fuck me hard, its valentine’s day." Dean said breathlessly.
Fuck. That's all Castiel could think. He thought he would at least have a day to feel ready. But apparently Dean was a needy sub.
“I wanna see your face.” He explained and then he was pushing in again. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s back as the other man bottomed out. “Fuck you’re so fucking tight Cas.” He said through gritted teeth.
It wasn’t freaking easy planning an anniversary during a pandemic either. It’s not like he could go out and get anything, or send Cas away to set anything up, so he had to be sneaky about the whole thing. He’d spent the last week ordering a few things online, and hiding the packages in the closet of his old room as they came. Cas had been suspicious but then Dean distracted him with a blow job and all was forgotten. That was definitely a perk of them dating now. It was easy to distract Cas with sexual favors, or persuade him. And Cas didn’t seem to be complaining either.
“I’m glad you liked it Sunshine.” He smiled, lazily playing with the smattering of hair on his boyfriend’s chest. Cas kissed the side of his head.
Castiel woke up slowly. The first thing he noticed was that he had a warm body in his arms. He slowly opened his eyes to see Dean awake, and looking at him. "Hey love" he said smiling.
He reached for the bottle of lube of his dresser and drizzled some on his fingers. He reached between Dean's parted legs and pressed two fingers into his sub's hole. It was already pretty loose. Cas knew it wouldn't take much more to get Dean ready to take his cock.”
Cas reached out and took Dean’s hand in his. “I like you Dean, a lot, and I’m willing to go at whatever pace is good for you. I’m sorry I made you uncomfortable before.”
As Dean pulled away from the curb after fleeing from Cas’ house in a panic, his emotions were all over the place. Panic, fear, mortification, disappointment; you name it, he was feeling it. Things had been going so well too, he thought bitterly, before everything came crashing down because of his own inexperience. The kiss had been good, great even. And the bit of making out on the couch had been awesome at first, until Dean had to go and ruin it all. The second Cas touched Dean’s dick through his jeans, he had come in his underwear like the virgin he was.  He did the only thing he could, and fled before Cas could realize what happened. It was bad enough that Dean knew what a loser he really was; he didn’t need Cas knowing it too.
, he was in a pair of cut-off daisy dukes, as he bent over the hood to wash the car windows. He had backed away slowly, so as not to draw attention to himself, and made his was back to his bedroom to take care of the little
Dean smiled at him, a genuine smile without a smirk. "Officer, if you'd have me, I'd be the luckiest guy on earth."
It had been a full week since he ran out of Cas’ house and Dean was moping in bed, when his bedroom door suddenly flung open. Charlie barged in and shut the door behind her before she plopped down on the bed next to him and leveled him with a stern look.
"I know. That's okay, Cas. Being a Dom doesn’t need to carry into everything about your personality. I like my dorky, shy boyfriend too." Dean kissed his cheek.
Dean coughed and gave one small gag at the first time down his throat but otherwise took it like a pro, giving Cas a bored look and rolling his eyes.
There were no fireworks, or sparks, or any of that stuff he read in the romance novels he would never admit out loud to reading. Instead, there was warmth and contentment rushing through his body as Cas brushed his hand up to cradle Dean’s jaw. Their lips fit together perfectly and Dean sighed as he sank into the kiss. It was over quick-too quick if you ask him- but Dean had never felt happier in his life. As far as first kisses go, he was pretty sure his was one of the best.
“Oh…ok.” Dean said as he came closer to the shelf. His eye caught on one of the toys on the second shelf down toward the right. Most of the toys seemed exotic to him, but this toy seemed closest to the real deal. He grabbed for it and pulled it off the shelf to examine it closer.
“Right there!” Cas called out, and Dean sped up hitting it over and over again. He reached up and grabbed Dean’s short locks in his fist, their eyes locked together and then Cas was coming, harder than he ever had before. In a moment of weakness, he pulled Dean’s head down and crashed their lips together in a heated kiss. He felt Dean moan into his mouth and then Dean’s thrust faltered as he coated Cas’ insides with his release. The kiss lasted minutes, or maybe seconds, he couldn’t tell; But when he realized what he did, it felt like a bucket of ice-cold water was thrown on his face. He began to panic, pushing Dean off of him as he scrambled to get up.
“Promise. I know I got cock-sucking lips man, but yours was definitely the first I ever sucked. Fuck that was hot. My jaw is killing me.” He said as he wiggled his jaw side-to-side, rubbing it with the hand not covered in come.
He saw his daughter’s eyes light up mischievously, and then she ran as hard as she could and smacked her ball right on the target which dumped Dean into the tank. Dean spluttered before he came up.
“Oh…” Cas said in surprise. He wasn’t expecting to have to meet the parent’s so soon. But since Dean had met Gabe, he guessed it was only fair. “Okay, we’ll be there.”
Dean eyed him as if deciding if he was serious and finally nodded. "You're going to be late for work if you don’t get ready. I'll put my address on the fridge and cook some breakfast. Now go." He smiled a little and shoved at him playfully.
Cas was so perplexed at what had just happened. He though everything had been going so well. He didn’t know why Dean had acted weird all of a sudden. Had Cas pushed too far? Why didn’t Dean say anything? He tried to call Dean a few more times that night, up until he went to bed himself, but every time he did, the call went straight to voicemail. He left a message asking Dean to please call him back. But as he lay in bed, he had a sinking feeling that his call would not be returned.
