“This is about being happy to be alive,” Cas agreed. He met Dean’s gaze steadily. “It is also about letting go of fear. Dean Winchester, you deserve to know how much you have come to mean to me. It is selfish to keep that from you on the chance I am not quite as important to you.”
“Yes. Yes.” Castiel stood up, again, and brushed the dust from his trousers. Familiars in their animal forms were more powerful conduits. Dean in human form knocked him on his ass, in Familiar form, he would likely have lost consciousness. “You are significantly larger than Nora was.” Which shouldn’t really have an impact on power. In theory. “This is why we are practicing. There’s no reason to mention this to Gabriel and Charlie, right?”
That… he had never thought of it quite that way before. “There is probably some truth to that. It also helps me to center myself when I am feeling unsettled.”
The sun was just starting to rise, painting the sky orange. Dean sat on the river bank, watching the water flow over barely submerged stones. It swirled, sometimes catching a leaf and making it dance, sometimes pooling and foaming, sometimes getting caught behind branches and twigs before falling over in miniature waterfalls. While he watched the water, Charlie came up beside him, seating herself and wrapping her arms around her knees.
Cas snorted, then winced at the indelicacy of his reaction. That was hardly respectful of the deceased. “No. We were not suited for a permanent bond. Both of us knew it. We were friends, though, and neither of us had another partner to work with. Working out here on the frontier, we weren’t likely to meet anyone else for the near term, but we both expected, one day, to return to more civilized parts of the world and perhaps we would terminate our contract at that point.”
“Go ahead, testing our range is a good idea. And yes, we need to start the partnering exercises to learn each other’s paths and methods, but I agree it should wait until we make camp.”
“Thanks.” Dean poured a dollop of the heavy cream into his coffee and stirred it in before taking a sip. “So good,” he moaned. “So, so good.”
His tail whipped once, twice, before he controlled it. In this form he couldn’t talk, not to her. Only to Cas.
“Included amongst which are the ability to sweet-talk Bobby Singer into doing the construction,” Charlie said with a grin.
They headed farther in, following a rough trail of packed earth. Unlike Rockville, the buildings in Willow River were mostly wood rather than baked clay. Made sense, he supposed, when they had easy access to trees growing on the river banks. People were resourceful. Whatever materials were around, those were what they’d use to make their dwellings.
“Gone.” Dean cleared his throat. “Spooked by something. I’m sure he ran back to Willow River. With most of our supplies. I got a few things off the ground from where we left him. That canteen. Not much else. When you’re feeling well enough, we’re going to have to walk back. Nothing for it.”
That was when Gabe had suggested writing to Balthazar to place the ad for a new Familiar. “Not to replace Nora,” he’d said. “She can never be replaced. She can, however, be succeeded. You need a Familiar, not just for your magic but for
As they approached Willow River, the pure wilderness started to give way to ever growing signs of habitation. Trails too clumsy to have been left by wildlife. Snags of thread left on branches. The scent of woodfire in the distance.
Dean opened his eyes, blinked a couple times to focus them. He was human again, and Sam was sitting cross-legged at his side.
“It’s dangerous, I get it. I do. I would rather live my life on my own terms out there than by Samuel Campbell’s terms here.”
“You got to stay with me, okay? Come on, Cas.” This wasn’t going to be pleasant, but he wasn’t about to leave his Witch out here, not when this was his fault. He kept to a steady pace, retracing their path in.
Cas shrugged one shoulder. “It’s at times a benefit, at times… less so. In any event, my focus on learning magic meant that I really wasn’t paying attention to current events, politics, or even what other members of my family were up to.”
“Thought about it. Wasn’t much opportunity back east. We live in the city. Training a horse requires more space.”
Dean hesitated a long moment before responding. He wanted to ask more about this other Witch/Familiar pair, but this wasn't the time or place. He opted for going back to the topic of desserts. “What about seeds? Would take a while, but you’d eventually have the fruit. Weather seems like it would handle it okay. Sugar might be more difficult. Guess your job isn’t to actually settle the place, but make sure people can.”
“Now I feel a little bad for not paying more attention to everything happening back home,” Winchester commented as they finally made their way back out to the street, comfortably full. He stretched and rubbed his stomach. “You get a lot of news from your cousin Balthazar? Maybe I’ll ask my mom to fill me in on as many topics as she can fit in one letter. We going to be coming back here often?”
Cas paused in pulling a clean shirt on. “Thank you, Garth. You’re right, I would have been even more of a grumpy gus had no one come to let me know.” He clasped Garth’s shoulder in thanks, and finished getting dressed.
Still, not everything about returning to Willow River promised to be welcoming. Cas shifted uncomfortably.
“Thought you were smarter than that, boy,” Bobby said from his seat at the head of the table. “Chasing off after something dangerous like that? Pure stupidity.” The man was wan and hunched a bit as though sitting upright was too much a challenge. He was, however, gloriously alive.
“Yeah, okay. I can’t really argue with you about that.” Dean inhaled sharply. He let go his uncertainty on a shaky exhale. “How is this for something I wouldn’t do for anyone else?”
“Nah,” Bobby disagreed. “The worst is when the pulsing black vein things burst and spray crap all over.”
“Not at the moment, no,” Dean agreed with a grin, rubbing his hands together. “I know who my new favorite person is, though. Tell me more about this honey apple pie.”
“Not that likely to run into things Eastward,” Charlie commented with a shrug. “But still. Not impossible, either. So seems like a smart move.”
“Rise and shine, boys!” Gabe called out in a sing-song voice. “Breakfast’s on the table, get it while it’s hot!”
Gabe poured a ladle of the liquid into his mug, then defiantly took a sip. His golden-green eyes sparked and snapped with pent-up energy. Even his hair wasn’t lying flat, with the occasional sharp zap flaring around his scalp.
“Not personally,” Gabe answered. “Even if they knew, they would send agents out. Too much dust, you know? Zar won’t tell them. He knows how to skate around the family drama. That’s why we chose him to handle the contracts in the first place. Besides being a lawyer, of course.”
“Nora would appreciate your using them. She would have approved of you, I believe. And she would have been pleased that you and I are working together as well as we are. She was very generous and caring. That, I believe, was her primary motivation in coming to the frontier with us. She knew she could be of assistance, and that the work was important, and that she would have a place here. Having a place was important to her. Remembering her is important, too. Have you been to the memorial garden, yet?”
As soon as Cas and Dean’s attention was elsewhere, Charlie took off after Gabe. Her message was delivered, she could be more help elsewhere.
He shook his head. "No. No." He took one step back and shifted mid-leap back towards Cas. She screamed curses at him in the background, but he ignored her.
“Keeping the settlement safe. By going out and finding corruption and dealing with it. Not by taking so long to learn the basics that we’re hobbling one of the Witches.”
After a moment’s silence, Bobby cleared his throat and started speaking. “All right then. Tell us everything you remember about the place you found her, and that encounter,” he directed. “And get yourselves something to drink. This is going to take some time.”
There was still a lot of uncertainty into just what the future held, but that was true of everyone. Dean had Cas, now, and that was all he really needed to meet it head on.
Thinking back to the shipping dilemma, maybe it wouldn’t be so hard to send some out after all. The dime novels were small, hardly that much thicker than a long letter, especially as the paper wasn’t as nice.
“That’s why Castiel was the one helping, mostly. Gabe ain’t so bad, though. We wouldn’t be nearly as settled as we are without him. Don’t tell him I said that. Hand me that saw?”
“No, Dean. I’ve got this.” He set his trunk in the bed of the wagon, then hopped up to bring it to the front where Dean’s was sitting.
Despite all of the training exercises, Dean made sure to pay attention to his surroundings. The landscape here was vastly different from the east coast—wild and untamed. The animals were leaner, stronger, and more suspicious. He never saw another person, or even much evidence of other people. The trail Cas rode was clearly originally a game trail, though here and there Dean could see evidence of wagon wheels marring the earth. It was strangely exhilarating, being here.
“Look at me,” Cas repeated. “I am neither polished like Michael and Lucifer, nor outgoing like Gabriel. I prefer books and study to people. Generally speaking.” Dean could be an exception. “I am not fond of flaunting the Angelus wealth, either.”
Dean shrugged. “Just… shit, man. What even is the point? There’s so much. So. Much. There’s no way we can heal all of that.”
“Sure looks it, sweetie,” she answered, resting her arms on the railing and leaning over to look down at him. “You waiting on anything in particular? That why you’re out here rather than all cuddled up with your Witch?”
“It wouldn’t be just the two of you,” Gabe said. “You may be the strongest pair, and Dean is what, who, she wants, but she’s going to have to deal with the rest of us, too. With me and Charlie. And I’m guessing Sam and Jess.”
Cas swallowed. “In some respects, yes. In others... I should have foreseen it. You are a man with... healthy appetites. Gabriel would likely be a better person to ask than me. I have never... casual...” He cleared his throat, knowing that his face was burning. “I have always required some sort of a relationship with another before I felt any... desires, of a carnal nature.”
Pamela was an experienced scout. She knew better than to take extra time to question Dean, not when he snapped instantly on alert the way that he had. She dropped down off of the lookout tower and made a run for it towards the Peppermint house.
At the confirmation that he was indeed the man Winchester was to meet, the younger man relaxed, his mouth curving into a smile as bright as daybreak. “Pleasure to meet you, sir.” He rolled his shoulders after a brief yet firm handshake, tensed and released various muscle groups as inconspicuously as he could.
Cas’ eyes went wide. He wasn’t very sober, but he wasn’t so drunk that he didn’t realize that was a dangerous, dangerous path to go down.
“Hey, boy,” Dean greeted Smoky. “You made it back after all. I’m happy to see you.” He grabbed a curry brush and stepped into the stall. The roan stomped his hoof in nerves, but settled down soon enough. He didn’t relax entirely, kept an ear rotated in Dean’s direction the entire time, but he stood still for Dean to brush him.
She opened the connection between them wide and unfettered, prepared to pull the greatest amount of magic possible from him. He could taste the ozone taint of her power, twisted and dark. It was terrifying.
“I have been through all of the traditional Familiar training, Cas. That includes temporary bonding. I worked with my dad on a few cases, then Sammy and I worked together all the time before he pair-bonded with Jess. Don’t worry about me, I can handle whatever you want to throw at me.”
Smoky followed after Dean easily enough, once Cas loosened his hold on the reins. Not fifteen minutes later, he dismounted and hobbled the horse within easy distance of both fresh water and grass. Wordlessly, he pulled some clothes out of the saddlebags and set them down near the base of an aspen tree barely clinging to the banks of the stream. By the time he turned around again from unpacking whatever lunch Ellen had seen fit to make for them, Dean was shifted and dressed. He squatted down and rinsed his hands off in the water. These were not his city clothes, but rough spun and more suitable for the rigors of the frontier. Normally, the trousers hung a little loose around Dean’s frame. At the moment the fabric clung to his thighs and highlighted every shift in muscle as he effortlessly maintained his balance.
“Horses generally take a little time to get used to me. They don’t react all that well to having a predator riding on their backs, though some can get used to it in time. So if it works better, could use two as pack animals and I could shift and keep pace far enough away that they can relax.”
He flexed his fingers into the earth, encouraging the ground cover to grow and spread, covering the earth with clean green grasses, flowers poking up near the markers. Pink roses for Nora; she’d loved them, and they always made him think of her. Daisies for Bill Harvelle, different flowers for each marker, chosen specifically for them.
“I’ll just grab my main pack, then,” Dean said, patting Smoky on the flank as he made his way back to Pigeon and unstrapped the pack he’d need first. Pigeon still snorted and side-stepped nervously when he approached, but it was half-hearted. He patted him on the side of his neck.
Jody, Donna and Charlie followed inside and peeled away to join Gabriel, who was already holding court with his special brand of exaggerated gossip.
“Certainly, yes. The settlement is contained within a wooden stockade, and there are buildings. Rough in comparison to New Avalon. Some are more finished than others. Gabriel and I have used some of our magic to aid in the construction efforts, so unless someone refused our aid, the buildings are at least sturdy and secure against the elements. But we have little access to the more refined arts and crafts. We rely on ourselves for everything.”
“I know the basic sigils,” Dean said as he crouched down to study one of the patterns more closely. “A lot of these are foreign to me, though.”
That was a complicated topic. Dean deserved a thoughtful answer. They had tied their futures together with the bonding, impulsively. Castiel didn’t regret that for a moment, but there were discussions they’d never had but should have. “I have Gabriel with me. I have little desire to spend any time with my other brothers, or my parents. My grandmother… I have fond memories of her, and some of my cousins, such as Balthazar.”
She laughed. “Why, what’s your shift? I’ve never actually met lawyer-cousin Balthazar, but I’ve heard stories, and I’m well enough acquainted with his deliberately vague correspondence. He likes to surprise people. Or maybe it’s just Gabe here he likes to surprise, as revenge for some childhood slight or another.”
“Oooh.” Dean made an exaggerated pained wince. “Pearl. Yeah. You’ll find out, and when you do we’ll share a whiskey in her honor.”
“Sounds awesome. Who’s playing?” He’d have to wash up first. No one was going to want to be around him the way he smelled right now. Fence repair was hard work. He’d feel it for a few days, that’s for sure, especially in his shoulders. It worked muscles he didn’t usually use.
After Gabe’s comment, Cas looked more carefully at the books spread across the table. Many had the Angelus seal on them. Some were thick, some thin, some newer, some worn with age and use. One in particular grabbed his attention — red, the corners bent and broken, binding badly cracked, the cover inscribed with gilding reading ‘Codex Angelorum’. His fingers twitched with the need to reach out and touch it. Memories of sitting curled up in one of the library chairs at home with that book on his lap assailed him. He’d spent so many hours studying it, learning how to read the convoluted language, memorizing sigils developed long ago by some of the most renowned Witches in Angelus history. He’d hated to have left it behind when he removed himself from New Avalon. He was thrilled to see it again, but at the same time worried what this meant for Sam that it was now here in front of him.
Dean sat up from the bed, swung around to set his stockinged feet on the floor. The socks were grimy and stiff, Castiel noticed, but made of finer cotton rather than thick wool. He blinked, then focused his gloriously green eyes on the Witch. “Ugh.” He moved his mouth, rolled his shoulders and blinked again, reached for his canteen and poured a small stream of water in his mouth, swished it around, then swallowed. “Heya, Cas. Slept some, yes. It helped, though I’ll be better after a full night’s worth. You go shopping?”
“Ah. That is our status board. We keep tabs on who is out on patrol, the direction they intended to go, and when they left. There’s also a rotation for the next up.”
“Relax. That you’re willing to pull your weight, do your share of the work. We’re a community here, far away from civilization. We have to depend on each other. You don’t have to like everyone. That’s unrealistic.” She leans closer. “And just between you and me, a couple of the folks here are very hard to like.”
A man followed followed at a much more sedate pace. Like Cas he wore a coat and hat, but rather than sober earth-tones, the coat was red, the hat sunshine yellow with a striped green and purple band. He walked, not bothering to saddle up and ride such a short distance. His body language screamed casual indifference, but from the little Cas had said, Dean suspected a sharp intellect in him hiding just below the surface. This had to be Gabriel Angelus, Cas’ brother and the other Witch living in Willow River.
Cas laughed. “Thank you, I’m glad to be home.” He fondled her ears, scratching at the spot at their base that Dean knew from his own experience felt really, really good.
“That would be the one,” Bobby agreed with a personable nod. “Lot of work to do, yet, but it will keep the elements off of ya.”
“I know, Cas.” Dean took a large bite of his pie, and was occupied for a while chewing it. “We’ll stop once it’s dark. Best I can tell it’s a bear that got Rufus and Bobby.” His hand tightened around Cas’, the only outward indication of his feelings. “I’m not the best at mundane tracking methods, but sure looked like bear paw prints to me.”
Cas blinked. “I … like to go for walks,” he said slowly. “Or runs. I like to swim, when the weather permits. I like observing the plants and animals.”
No one spoke while they finished breaking camp and saddling up. Dean packed up his satchel with his clothes before shifting, then maneuvered the strap over his head to carry it to Cas.
“Seems like a valid point,” Dean observed, wondering just how many Witches randomly showed up here anyhow.
Dean swallowed, raised one shaky arm to wipe the bit of water that dribbled out of the side of his mouth. “Cas?”
“I will have your power, little Familiar. For too long I have been without, making do with what I could do on my own. You… you are like the richest of wines, aren’t you. So pure, so powerful. What I can do with you…” She laughs. “We’ll start by showing your companions how futile disobeying my orders was. They will pay. Oh yes, they will pay.”
“We’ve talked about it a little, before,” Dean answered. “When the land is corrupted, any magic around it feels twisted. Tangled. Corrupted animals become tied in to the magic grid like some sort of faux Familiar. I’m not so much tracking the bear as I’m tracking the tangled magic it’s leaving in its wake.”
“Without a doubt. Something to worry about for another day, however. After dinner we will attempt a few more exercises and then get some rest. I would like to get going as early as possible tomorrow morning. Shall we set up a bedroll for you?”
The soft, slow trickle of magic fed through the Familiar bond pushed exhaustion back to more tolerable levels. “This is a temporary fix at best. I’m going to need real recovery time sooner rather than later.”
Over the course of the evening, all of the residents of Willow River drifted into the saloon and introduced themselves to Dean. Compared to New Avalon there were hardly any people here. He counted thirty-two, thirty-three including himself. According to Charlie, most of them were scouts, going out in teams of two or three to hunt for pockets of corruption or animals that had been twisted by exposure. There were a few who tended to stay closer to the settlement, such as Garth’s wife Bess, and Ellen.
“Thank you.” Castiel executed a far more perfect bow in return. “This is Dean Winchester. He is to be given full access into and out of the settlement . I will make sure to reiterate later tonight in front of everyone. Dean, meet Rufus Turner. He’s one of the scouts. Most people take shifts at the tower, too, keeping watch.”
Cas looked up from his book. “Hello, Dean.” Something flashed in his eyes, and the tips of his ears turned pink before he returned his attention downwards. “Done for the day?”
Dean knew intellectually that it was unlikely there would have been time for Sam to reply to his letter by the time they returned, but he was still disappointed when yes, there were letters from his family, but all were dated well before they could have received the request for more information about the sigils on Amara’s prison.
“You don’t believe she was completely released?” Jody asked, focused as always on what this meant for the scouts and their patrols.
Something to think about later, maybe. Certainly not this close to what felt like something that was going to make him sick as soon as he laid eyes on it in person.
Dean hid his smirk behind his hand. Trench rotation was the worst duty, in his opinion. Dealing with sanitation was unpleasant, to say the least. At least they had Witches to help manage the stink, but there was still no getting around the need to deal with waste.
He deliberately pushed his hands into his pockets, reminding himself that most of Gabriel’s anger was born of fear. “I apologize, Gabe,” he said softly. “I know that my leaving when I did made you worry.”
“Garth.” Cas sat up, the swirl of words starting to penetrate his foggy brain. The concern grew. “Told me what?”
Cas pointed. There, just above their heads, a sigil was carved into the rock face. They continued to follow along the wall to discover more sigils spaced evenly and precisely. When they turned a corner, they found a large cave. The sigils here were more concentrated, even carved into the ground in a semi-circle in front of the entrance.
Jess made a tiny choked sound, but then just smiled radiantly at him. She moved over to him, hugging him tight. He hugged her back, dropped a kiss against her temple. This wasn’t the time, yet, to talk about it. But soon.
“It seems you do,” Cas agreed. He handed the pages back to Dean and cleared his throat. “When you are done writing to Sam, would you like to come join me upstairs?”
Winchester looked sidelong at him, his eyes framed by ridiculously long lashes. “Is that not okay? I reckon we’re going to be spending a lot of time together. ‘Mr. Angelus’ or even ‘Castiel’ gets to be a mouthful. You can call me Dean. Winchester makes me look around for my father.”
“No. I mean… I don’t know what you mean.” No one flustered him quite like Pamela did. He didn’t even know why, it’s not like she didn’t say some of the exact same things Gabe said trying to get a rise out of him.
“There are at least walls and a fire to cook over, right?” In truth Dean wasn’t sure what he expected. Cas had a point that a few trips up into the mountain were not the same thing as the frontier. Even so, he had confidence in his ability to adapt. He wasn’t some high society miss that would wither away in less than ideal conditions.
“Damn straight it doesn’t matter. They’re trouble. Skirting the rules all the time. Not quite so bad that we can kick them out, and they’re unfortunately good at being scouts, but they aren’t pleasant to be around.”
The other Witch and Familiar were a bit farther away than they were when Dean and Cas left them, but not overmuch. Dean nodded at them both, silent, before he shifted and took off back towards the general direction of Willow River. Cas could handle updating them, if they even needed an update.
“Mm,” Cas hummed in agreement. “Hides are useful for many things. We try not to be wasteful. Resources here are limited. Whatever we can make ourselves, we do. It’s that much less we have to travel to Rockville to obtain.”
“But what is it that we should be doing?” Cas countered. “We aren’t going to send any of the scouts there. It’s too risky. There aren’t so many of us that we can send anyone into a situation where they are unlikely to return, and I am not prepared for us to return there, either. Not without knowing more. You simply have to be patient, Dean. Sam will send us information.”
Dean was sure he could have found the place on his own. For one thing, the Willow River settlement wasn’t exactly large. There were probably two dozen buildings inside the enclosure, most of which were clearly private residences. The community barn was obvious, and so too was the saloon. It was one of the largest buildings, with a wrap-around porch. Windows were open, so he could hear the sound of people talking and laughing. It was late enough that the sun was nearly set. Light glowed in the windows, warm and welcoming.
Cas hurried to the Familiar’s side, struggling to keep upright. Even in human form, Dean’s cat nature allowed him to be more sure on his feet. He stood up easily, keeping his balance against the rolling ground. Cas reached for their bond, hoping to use some of that steadiness to his benefit. Dean opened himself up to that deeper connection, and held his hand out to grasp Cas’. Because of the physical contact as well as the deeper bond, Cas clearly felt it when a rush of power was pulled right through Dean.
Eventually he noticed another presence in the garden. Opening his eyes, he saw Dean sitting on the low stone wall, his long legs stretched out before him. “Hey, Cas,” he quietly greeted him.
Cas chuckled. “If they are the same as they were when I left New Avalon, yes. I have little reason to believe they have changed.”
Perhaps also just a little overdramatic, the tiny corner of his mind that wasn’t well on its way to intoxication pointed out. He metaphorically turned his back on that corner and flounced away.
“Easy there, sweetheart.” Dean offered Cas a small smile, thrilled at the possessive note in his partner’s voice. “No, she can’t have me. She doesn’t know that. She doesn’t know we’ve completed the permanent bond.”
“Don’t tell me you’re shy, my darling.” She came forward, but stopped at the edge of the bleached out area. Interesting. Perhaps she couldn’t go any further than that, with the projection she was using. “Come to me.”
Cas rolled his eyes, but then blinked as a lightning strike lit up the sky in an unusual pattern of blue-green.
The door to the lean-to bedroom opened again, and Cas emerged. His hair was all mussed, little improved by the hand he ran through it to try and get it in some semblance of order. Dean smiled.
Bobby almost smiled at that. “Really is their turn. But they may find it worse than usual. Gabe doesn’t have much patience for their hijinks any more. Last time they headed out on patrol early rather than pull their turn at the trenches, Gabe had
“Oh, absolutely,” Gabe agreed easily, entirely ignoring the aura of barely leashed lightning that had settled over the room. “A Witch that is strong enough to survive centuries of imprisonment, one that required an elaborate magical prison to keep her contained, who corrupts everything she touches, and voiced a desire to ‘reclaim’ these lands. Let’s gift her with a powerful Familiar. She’s bound to do nothing more than invite us all over for tea, once she gets what she wants.”
Cas chose to ignore him, especially because he knew exactly what his brother was thinking. Back before he ever worked with a Familiar, when he had dreams of how it would go, he studied the Familiar lines and tried to imagine who he might end up with. “A fair amount. Campbells are the glowing standard, of course.”
Cas hung the pouch around his neck, tucked it under his shirt, then nodded to Dean. Dean stepped back into his room, stripping quickly and efficiently, packing his clothes into his satchel, then shifting into cougar form. He brushed affectionately against Gabe and Charlie’s thighs before dropping the satchel at Cas’ feet. After packing that last bit away, Cas shrugged into the pack, and they were off.
Dean turned back from the bags and shook both of their hands. Jody was a no-nonsense woman, probably a decade older than himself, dark hair cut in a short, practical style that would be considered scandalous back in New Avalon. Women there were expected to have long, luxurious locks.
“We should reach the Great River before noon,” Cas said when Dean and Charlie made their way back to the campfire. “You’ll want to shift back to human form before we get there, or it may hit you harder than you expect, especially with your first encounter. I am, of course, assuming that you are planning to travel in shift form, as you usually do.” The Angelus brothers were both up, most everything packed and ready to go.
"I didn’t do anything.” Dean stood up as well and kicked some dirt over the fire. He refused to meet Gabe’s eyes, because, yeah. He felt bad. Was he supposed to just ignore the truth of it, though? He
The flavor of the worry he projected was less sharp than what came through for Bobby last night, but still discernibly there.
The general consensus around Willow River was that Gabe was spontaneous and Castiel was the cautious one. He was quieter than his brother, less likely to jump into conversation. Less ostentatious by far. And yet, it had been Castiel’s decision to move out to the frontier. He was the one that waded straight into a fight if he felt the cause just. Reserve and caution were not synonymous.
“I don’t know your brother nor his wife. Why would I be imagining them together in a biblical sense?” Dean, however. Dean was not difficult to imagine at all. Especially in moments like these where the Familiar was alight with good humor.
“Cooking is different.” Gabe at least wasn’t shying away and hiding from the blood. No one could survive out here and be that squeamish. “I’ve learned a few things only to avoid eating only hardtack and jerky while out on patrol.”
“You did the best that you could. More than expected.” Cas let go some control on his side of the bond so that Dean could share in the tinge of awe Cas felt as he realized just what it would have taken Dean to get him here to safety. He knew he succeeded when a flush spread across Dean’s cheeks, making his freckles more prominent.
“Yes. Dean brought a fair amount of goods from New Avalon. He says his family wanted to make sure he had the sorts of useful things that might be difficult to acquire out here on the frontier.”
He returned to the room some three hours later, wondering if that was enough time for Dean’s nap. Was he really napping? Why did a healthy adult Familiar require a nap? Though he
He looked around, uncertainty in the way he glanced between the townsfolk greeting the stage, searching for anyone who stood out. When he reached Castiel their gazes locked. Castiel’s Witch energy sparked in a way he’d never felt before, stunning in its intensity. It literally rocked him back on his heels.
“You seriously don’t know how to dress game when you live on the frontier?” Dean asked. “Are you vegetarian or something?”
Today promised to be a lovely summer day. The sky was clear with only a few clouds, and the early morning mist from the river would soon burn away. He made his way to the low stone wall bordering the garden and stepped inside.
Donna braced her rifle against her shoulder, took aim, and pulled the trigger. A puff of feathers marked her success. The vulture plummeted to the ground. “These things have never harassed our livestock before.”
“Perhaps we should reconvene in the Saloon,” Ellen suggested. “And get the word out to the rest of the community. If everyone’s to be involved, everyone should know what’s going on. We’ve all lost people.”
Every step was more difficult. Whatever was on the other side was terrible. Dean felt like he was slogging through a mud slick after heavy rains.
“Guess this is it, then. Love you.” Dean curled his hand around the back of Cas’ neck and squeezed, then wrapped his arms around him in a fierce embrace.
“Cas.” Dean cupped Cas’ cheek and brushed his thumb along his cheekbone. “Right now you need to put some love and care into yourself. I know you just woke up, but you have enough energy to heal yourself? I don’t think any of the corruption touched you, but I’d feel better if you looked yourself.”
“No sir, can’t agree with that,” Dean replied. His eyes were bright with unshed tears, but he chose not to hide them. “Family comes first, always.” Cas gave him a slight nod of support.
Black puffs of smoke formed on the horizon, coupled with the dull roar of the approaching train. Jessica turned in to Sam’s shoulder, sniffling. He wrapped his arm around her in comfort.
Dean caught his lower lip between his teeth, nibbling at it as he considered whether to pursue this. Then... screw it. If Cas didn’t want to reply, he didn’t have to. “How long were the two of you together?”
to work together. Living in the same house helps to get to know the new kid, but not quite the same thing, is it.”
Cas plated up breakfast for whenever Gabe made it down, and brought a plate of his own to the table. "Are there any chores left undone while I was away?" he asked Charlie in return.
“Indeed. But I trust the breeding is true. The Campbells are known to be strong Familiars, and thus highly desired. You could form a partnership with any Witch out there, wealth and influence at your fingertips. You could have a position in the very halls of government, or the centers of industry.”
Gabe stroked his chin thoughtfully. “We’re going to need more information, in any event. And we’ll need to monitor what’s going on.”
Jody stepped up to stand shoulder to shoulder with Donna. “The attacks are escalating. I don’t like that she’s sending birds at us now. Our walls aren’t going to keep birds out.” She shaded her eyes and scanned the skies. “What happens if she manages to control many of them at once, rather than the ones and twos that have been coming so far?”
“It would be oddly beautiful,” Dean commented as he came to stand shoulder to shoulder with Cas, “if my skin weren’t twitching with how wrong it all feels.”
Gabe walked up to give the charred feathers a better look. “We could just give her Dean, like she wants. All our problems solved.”
“I had thought you would want to get moving as quickly as possible,” Cas commented as he got himself all the way to his feet and then stretched out every sore muscle. He had been too worn down to bother casting an extra cushion of air and regretted that after the fact.
“I’d have to agree with Bobby,” Jody said, leaning back against the wall, her feet crossed at the ankles in a deceptively casual pose. “This is what we’ve been looking for, an opportunity to deal a huge blow to the corruption. Even if Dean and Cas are the key battleground, that doesn’t mean there won’t be, and shouldn’t be, any side skirmishes. She’s already proven she’s willing to send others to do her work.”
“You are not alone, Mr. Winchester, in wishing to absent yourself from notice by either Michael or Lucifer. The Witch you would be working with is Castiel, another cousin of mine. I’ll not sugar coat it, Mr. Winchester. The frontier is dangerous. Cassie is in need of a new Familiar because his prior partner proved a touch too delicate for the life and lost her own. I will admit that ‘delicate’ is the last word I would use to describe you, however a few hunting trips a year does not prove over much to me.”
“They wouldn’t come out here, would they?” Charlie asked. She had mostly been sitting quietly and listened. She already knew Cas’ story, after all.
“Mead’s a house specialty. Good choice.” She poured golden amber liquid into the mug, then handed it to him. “Used to have more glassware. But it breaks easily, and not so easy to replace. The clay mugs are more practical.”
“Yes, I do. Though Dean’s shifter form is a cat, so I have little doubt he’d be well able to deal with any rodentia that might be foolish enough to try and nest in his bedding.” The cantrip was useful for more than just rodents, though. It also deterred various insects, such as fleas and even less pleasant bedfellows.
“We’ll get these three settled, and bring your bags over to your place right pronto,” Garth said with a smile.
"I can only imagine, then, what it must be like if he were to be in a library with Jessica. Where are you never happier, Dean?” Cas pointed out the shelves with the particular books under discussion, and then pulled a bottle off of another shelf along with a couple of glasses.
When the meeting devolved into repetitions of previous arguments with nothing new being added, Dean slipped out of the saloon and headed home, stepping into his room and closing the door behind himself. He opened the shutter of the witchlight lantern Cas had given him, bathing the room in a soft light.
Bobby was hardly in the clear, but he at least didn’t gurgle as he breathed. Cas set next to him with no hesitation.
Dean waited until Cas was done drawing on him to set wards around the camp before shifting back to his human form to share in the evening meal. “Don’t worry about any of the cleanup, I’ve got it, Cas. As soon as you’re done eating, go ahead and get some sleep. We’ll come up with a plan in the morning.”
Cas wondered what his reasons were for answering their advertisement. He’d honestly been uncertain they would have any takers — and if they did, that the Familiar would be anyone he wanted to work with. He wouldn’t ask, however. That was an unwritten rule amongst everyone who came to the frontier, as he’d learned early on. Whatever anyone’s history, it didn’t matter. The frontier was a place where a fresh start was possible, no matter what one had done — so long as one followed the rules of the west.
Dean screamed in rage as Cas fell to the claws of the bear, crimson blood blossoming where those sharp claws sliced into his WItch's skin. He Shifted and sank his own claws into the hide of the creature without a single thought beyond protecting Cas. These past weeks on the frontier honed Dean’s instincts. He kept above and behind the bear, away from its claws and teeth. He sank his own claws into the flesh beneath him, giving him purchase as the bear raged and made swipes at him. He clamped his jaw just below the base of the bear’s skull. There was too much muscle there to get a good angle on the spine, though Dean tried.
It would appear Balthazar was just as scant with the information he gave to Dean as he was with what he sent to Castiel. “Gabriel, yes. He and his Familiar Charlie are the other pair we will be working with.”
Dean picked up a stick and poked at the growing fire, sending a spark or two floating up into the air. “The more I learn, the more it seems I made the right decision doing what I could to avoid a contract with Michael or Lucifer.” Cas and Gabe’s tale of Otto and his premature death hinted at reasons behind either of the elder Angelus brothers lack of a permanent, steady Familiar bond already.
Dean set his trunk down as soon as they were inside the room. Once Castiel followed him in and set the other trunk down, it felt downright cramped in the space. Despite that, Dean didn’t feel the itch under his skin to shift, to move, to stretch. Something about Castiel soothed the worst of his restlessness.
A grinding noise reverberated through the area. The columns at the back of the cave sank down into the ground amidst great clouds of dust and a painful groaning sound. When the dust cleared, an open archway stood at the back of the cave.
“You would have done the same for anyone else. That is part of who you are.” Cas arched an eyebrow, challenged Dean to do better.
The new version of Amara was just as beautiful, though somewhat hardened around the edges, and the clothes were definitely the worse for wear.
“Not in the least.” Cas took a moment to get his emotions under control. Dean could feel them being tucked away, pulled back from the connection between the two of them. Most of the time Cas’ presence was just there, constant, not requiring any attention, but the sort of thing Dean was always aware of in the background, like the air he breathed. Sometimes it called attention to itself, when he felt something strongly or unexpectedly.
Dean tossed back the whiskey and held the glass out for more. “I’ma gonna need brain bleach now, thank you very much. Ugh.”
Even with the frustrations of the exercises, the last few days had been just what he needed. There was so much space to stretch his legs. A little bit of civilization would not be a bad thing, however. Somewhere to make a proper dessert. Dean was in human form, and as neatly dressed as could be managed given the circumstances, so as to make as good an impression as possible.
Sam wrapped him in his long arms, hugging back just as tightly. “Hey, Dean.” His voice was thick with emotion. “Thank God you’re here.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean Winchester.” She held out her own hand to shake his. Her smile was bright and sunny.
Ellen wrapped her arms around him, hugging him fiercely. “No, baby. No. You can’t. You can stop him from turning into something he’d never have wanted to be, but you can’t bring him back.”
He moved forward to pack away Dean’s clothing and boots in the pouch designated for that purpose. The pouch was constructed in such a way that Dean could maneuver it around his neck and carry it himself in his animal form if he had to, but that hampered his freedom of movement and there was always the possibility of it getting caught on the underbrush. On top of that it was a dead giveaway that he was a Familiar rather than a natural-born big cat. The charm hanging on a leather thong around his neck was also a giveaway, but that wasn’t quite as discernible from a distance.
Castiel sat up, stretched, and got out of bed. He couldn’t lie around lost in thought. He knew he could talk himself into and out of stopping the wedding all day, and it wouldn’t do any good. The plain fact of it was that he was going to end up sitting in the Mariport Cathedral tomorrow and watching Dean marry Lisa, because that was what Dean wanted. Or what he’d decided, at least.
“Yes. Sometimes it feels so much easier to just… not. You push things down and you convince yourself you don’t need to acknowledge that part of yourself, because it’s fine just being for you and yourself alone.”
“Fuck, yes – can you – my –” Dean broke off when Castiel’s fingers explored, stroking the tender skin behind his shaft. “Ohhh, god. Oh,
By the time he reached the end of the note, the mug had slipped out of Castiel’s hand and shattered on the floor.
Castiel didn’t want to leave Dean hanging without a reply, but he also didn’t want to embarrass him by laughing at the idea of the hack being scary. Instead, he switched over to his texting app again. Maybe if he got more evidence that the “hacker” had no idea what they were doing, then Dean would realise on his own that it wasn’t anything to worry about.
“Oh. Shit.” Jo looked caught between amusement and guilt. She glanced around the room one more time, and then looked over at Castiel. “So,” she said. “Where’s your husband?”
He didn’t want to think about it. Knew that it was dangerous to let his thoughts linger even for the briefest moment on any of the memories from last night. He knew how easily his mind liked to latch onto memories with Dean, and hold them too close, take them too seriously, read things into them that weren’t real.
“Wh…” Castiel was halfway through a slightly indignant protest in his best responsible adult voice, when the sudden and surprisingly appealing image of the palace burning burst into his mind. Everyone inside would get out safely, of course, but that bastion of Corelian royalty would be crumbling, smouldering, collapsing under the appetite of fire…
Castiel put his head back against the wall, trying to let the tension drain. He wanted to pull Dean in for a hug, or just touch his shoulder, reach out in the way he usually did when he wanted to tell Dean they were there together – but any touch would be too much, and he kept his hands by his side.
Castiel glanced towards the kitchen counter. There was the knife there, the one that he’d used to open up the pizza packaging.
The words were spoken. And Castiel felt something shift, like a deep bass note played suddenly, ringing through him. The world beneath and all around him seemed to sigh, as though it had known he would offer this, but had hoped for his sake that he might not.
"Nothing," the Hunter said, and in his voice Castiel could hear the same tiredness, the same bravado, the same helplessness that he felt himself in his bones. "Come on. Time to go."
“Yup,” Dean said. There was an ever-deepening pit of nerves in his stomach. Somehow, just being up here behind the microphone again made it real; he was actually going to have to go up onstage in front of thousands of people, and sing into a microphone just like this, and it was going to have to sound good, and -
The kids filed past Castiel, who waited until last to go out. As he emerged, he tried to keep his eyes on the cameras that were flashing away – but his gaze was pulled across to the Prince, and he got to see the look of relief break over Dean’s face when they made eye contact.
“I’d better call a taxi,” Cas said, through a mouthful of donut. He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out his phone; for a second, Dean hesitated - and then the words were spilling out of his mouth on a wave of sudden bravery.
“It’s true,” he said. “I haven’t hooked up with anyone. I just… I didn’t tell you why I didn’t want to, when we talked before. It wasn’t because I never felt attracted to anyone. It was because I only felt attracted to you.”
“It was country,” Charlie said, sipped her lemonade. She wasn’t even looking at Dean - she was watching Jo, across the room. Dean pressed his lips together, and looked back at Cas and Hannah, who wore similar expressions of consternation.
“I sent them because I thought – I thought you felt – I thought you’d want them,” Castiel said. “When I read yours, I wanted to reply the same way, I… I didn’t want you to be embarrassed.”
But it kept popping up in his brain. Castiel. Tombstone. Going to see a movie with the hottest guy at the school.
The two of them passed through one of the grander reception rooms, and Castiel offered a cursory glance to the frescoes on the ceiling and the large golden clock on the mantelpiece, and the brocade curtains that he’d always used to hide behind whenever he and Dean played hide and seek in the palace. Sam would often tag along in those games, too, with Dean and Castiel working hard to make just enough noise for Sam to find them easily.
He broke off. As the two of them walked together, Castiel watched Dean’s face creasing as he tried to find the thing he wanted to say.
Castiel turned back to Claire, and saw that she was sitting with her arms folded, not meeting his eyes.
Dean let Cas’ teaching wash over him, following his tips and pointers while half his brain was lost to its own thoughts - a kind of endless cycle of the video, Sam, the concert, and occasional pit stops along the way to pause and think about the shape of Cas’ smile, or the size of his shoulders, or the expressions in his eyes that were slowly starting to become familiar. And because they were texting so much, Dean was getting to know Cas’ humour, and his taste, and what sparked his interest - Dean thought about that, too, thought about writers and frozen yoghurt and Batman, and then he was back at Sam, back at the video, back at the concert.
“Mm. Well. I just wanted to speak to you, ‘cause like, honestly, I’m kind of running out of ideas. The wedding’s in less than a week and obviously Lisa just wants to meet Dean before the ceremony, to make sure that things are going to work out between them, get a sense of what he’s like. In an ideal world, they’d have spent all this time since the announcement getting to know each other, and this marriage would be happening off the back of at least a friendship, but…”
“Complaining? No,” Dean said hastily. “No, I’m just, uh. Just sayin’. It’s pretty hot. Look, the sunset’s supposed to be real nice tonight…”
What was actually going to happen would be simpler. They were going to go their separate ways at the airport, and that would be it. Castiel would text Dean when the annulment came through, and he’d be present at the wedding. And then it would be over.
I should say that ended up rather lucky indeed, wouldn't you? I hope that you have a very lucky week too!! I'm going to hopefully bake brownies tomorrow with raspberry and a white chocolate glaze, no less, so that'll be my bit of luck if they turn out well. Paul Hollywood eat your heart out. If any of you would like some, just send me a smoke signal and I'll launch a brownie at you with my international catapult (patent pending).
Poetry, he told himself. Absolute poetry. He put the guitar away under his bed, too tired to heap the laundry back on top of it. He could do it in the morning.
“Yeah,” he said. “And maybe you wouldn’t be wrong to. Maybe you’d leave to go help other people. But you’d still be going.”
The chatter from the assortment of chairs was dying out as the people sitting in them seemed to notice the way that Dean and Castiel were staring at each other. Dean cleared his throat and moved across the room towards the table, doing his best to ignore everyone else – as well as the voice inside his own head, which was listing out every possible way that this could go wrong.
His body against Dean’s felt so right, just where it should be. Dean wanted to pull him in tight, tighter, tightest, wanted to climb into the crook of his neck, wanted to bury his face in Cas’ shoulder and breathe in that smell of soap and sweat, and Cas was still singing and his voice was a low rumble in Dean’s ear that he could feel in his chest.
“You’re the brother of one of my juniors, aren’t you? That’s right. You’re the one who got fired for leaking evidence. It was on the news.”
A few seconds of reading later, he set the laptop back down. His hands were shaking slightly. So, it was because Castiel was the host of the Zoom call that the transcript automatically put all his private messages in, as well as –
“Yeah, we, uh… we used to have a private round-the-clock guard with fancy uniforms and everything. Sam nixxed it last year,” Dean said, sounding distracted and still looking at Jo with a confused expression.
“Oh, okay.” Anna smiled, looking a little disappointed - and then her expression shifted into curiosity. “Is everything… alright?”
He’d pay for that question later somehow, and Dean knew it, but because he’d asked there was a new purpose in John’s step. They didn’t stop at the liquor store that Dean knew John had been weighing going into. Walking past it, Dean felt a little break of relief in his chest. They’d get out of the cold sooner, and Sam could get to bed.
“What about if they weren’t a stranger,” Charlie said. “What about if you meet someone you connect with like you connect with Cas, except they’re not asexual?”
Dean slurped at his own milkshake. If Charlie was getting one, he’d reasoned, there was no way he was going without. And the chocolate and salted caramel combination was always irresistible.
He stared out at the stage for a moment longer, and then looked over at Dean. Dean met his eyes. Something passed between them, unspoken and wordlessly significant and momentary, and then they turned back towards the stage.
“Ahh… uh, well, I think, uh -” Dean considered. Cas had specifically told him to sing the Adele song - and anyway, was he even planning on sticking around long enough to get on the stage? With luck, he’d have Cas’ number and have long since cut and run before backing music became a problem. “Nah, it’s okay. I’ll sing it without the track.”
He wanted to hold Dean, but now just for the comfort, just to tell Dean wordlessly that he understood. That he felt Dean caring in the only way Dean knew how, trying to turn every injury toward himself.
“Woo!” yelled a voice from one side that Dean thought might be Donna, though he hadn’t heard her come in. He walked out onstage, feeling suddenly goofy and clumsy; he headed to stand beside Cas, but Jody was waving her hand to his left.
“– swear to fucking god, I’m gonna kill you if you don’t wake up, I’m gonna kill you if you’re dead, I’m gonna fucking kill you, I swear to god – Sam, you’re gonna have to help me move him –”
Around him, the other bachelors were grabbing their things, the raucous high spirits of earlier slimmed down to quiet grins and winks now that they were back in their own country and were expected to behave. Sam emerged from up front, giving Castiel a tired smile as he passed on the way to get his own things. As its engines hummed lower and lower, the plane had the dim, hushed feel of impending jet lag.
said a soft, feminine voice, and Dean blinked as though he’d been hit. Light, jingly music was playing. No option to skip the ad; this was a full thirty-second deal.
“Oh? Don’t tell me you’re coming home.” Gabriel let out a little laugh. “Seriously, though, do. I’d feel better with you here instead of in the middle of some freaky forest.”
Jesus. Dean was going to have to put his mind under house arrest so that he could leave home without having to deal with this line of thinking. He wasn’t going to be stupid. He wasn’t, he wasn’t, he wasn’t going to be stupid. They were here as work colleagues at the start of an awkward friendship, and no more. Ten chilis didn’t have feelings for seven chilis.
They headed into the movie theatre gripping their drinks, Dean carrying the popcorn and Castiel flashing their tickets to the attendant before opening the door for Dean on the way in. They found their seats, right at the back of the screen. The rest of the place was all but empty, just a few people down the front also sitting and waiting in the gloom.
“Uh-huh. I’m so unappreciated. Anyway, so, it’s been, what – over forty-eight hours now? No, longer. I don’t keep track well. You know, I think I have time-blindness.”
He started to ramble, pointing out different tourists. Dean glanced down at Jo, who was watching the scene in front of her unfold with obvious enjoyment. She wiggled her eyebrows at Dean when he caught her eye, and jerked her head towards the stranger.
“Hey,” said one of the people in question, dropping back down into her seat, her hair clinging a little to her forehead with sweat. “God, it’s hot up there under the lights. Oh, is this for me?” Charlie reached out and grabbed one of the bottles on the table and Dean realised that one of the beers was actually just a lemonade in dark green glass. She glugged it, swallowed loudly, and then wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.
“Really, it’s…” Castiel stops. The denial dies in his mouth. He swallows, his eyes on Dean, before he looked down. “I just want to be able to stay with you.”
“Imagine you’re not the one about to have a wedding night with someone you find beautiful. Imagine you’re me instead.” It was all Castiel could get out. He wanted to say so much more. All of the words stuck in his throat.
But apparently Dean had told Charlie he didn’t want to break off his engagement, which had to mean that he did want to marry Lisa, and there was just some kind of block in his head about meeting her. Castiel had run into Dean’s blocks before. They’d once spent an entire year avoiding one particular boy at school because Dean was supposed to talk to him about Drama Club but he didn’t want to.
Castiel remembered Garth Fitzgerald talking to him at the airport back in Las Vegas – what was it he’d said? Something about Dean actually getting to enjoy his night because he’d left the party and gone to just be with Castiel. Maybe there had been something in that after all, Castiel thought, despite his scepticism at the time.
He sent it, and read another couple of poems as he fidgeted with his phone in the other hand. Before too long, the light of a return voice message lit up the palm of his hand, and he tapped to listen.
They stared at each other, at a heated and intense impasse for a few seconds, before Cas dropped his gaze.
The two girls gave each other a look and then came up to the front of the room. Dean made space for them, moving over to the side.
Dean was quietly stewing, thinking back to what he’d told Cas the first night they’d met - all the things that he’d said about Castiel’s music. Not only had Dean been insulting the guy who had in fact been sitting right next to him; in fact, he’d been insulting him over something that he’d been forced into doing in the first place. He felt cold all over.
And breathed. He thought of The Refuge. He thought of Charlie, and Jo, and all his friends there. He thought of his guitar, propped beside his bed, now. He thought of Cas. He thought of all the parts of his life, all the treasured fragments, that he wanted to pull together and invite Sam to see. He wanted to give Sam the chance to know him, really know him. And he wanted - he grimaced - he wanted to give
“Go home,” Castiel said. “Go away. Go back to the city. Wait for the inspection to tell you that this project is over. Because it
Dean reached into his pocket, and drew out the remote. There was a chance this wouldn’t work, he knew. Even though he was so close to the tree, there was still a pane of double-glazed glass between him and it. The signal might not get through.
The drive was quiet. They fell into an easy kind of silence, neither of them feeling pushed to fill it with superficial talk or awkward chatter; Dean could tell that Cas was lost in his own mind somewhere, and let himself, too, be carried out by the tide of his thinking. He lingered over memories - Cas looking at him, holding up the packet of Oreos. Cas taking his phone back, looking bashful and pleased. Cas standing so close to him, hesitating for a long moment - and then moving away. In his head, Dean rewrote the scene; easily, perfectly naturally, he took Cas’ hand and laced their fingers together and swayed into his space and kissed him. Soft and sweet, like they’d been doing it for years; not lasting too long, because there was time for them to do this again, they could always do this again and again and again.
“The game’s not on,” the guy said, bringing Dean back to the moment and making him keenly aware that he’d been sat with his mouth slightly open for slightly too long, grasping for words that wouldn’t come.
Castiel came closer, and smiled at him. Dean shifted slightly so that their shoulders brushed as Castiel replied,
Dean had to pause to take it in for a second, and then he snorted with laughter. Partly because it was so unexpected, and partly to get himself through the slight stab of disappointment at Castiel not feeling the same way as these admirers.
Cas reached up, and to gasps of amazement, he took off the mask he was wearing. His movement was quick and practised, and the feathers were gone. Underneath, he was the same guy that Dean knew - except now his hair was a lot more messy, ruffled by the mask’s dark hood.
A chance at what, though? What did he want? The elevator hummed to a halt and Castiel stepped out into the Underlight. The alleyway was gloomy and quiet, just as Castiel knew to expect. He took a moment to find his bearings, and then started to walk. No more patrolling pace, though, no more calm regularity. Now he hurried, his blood starting to pound again.
he asked himself, as his mind readily supplied pictures with surround-sound and texture of Dean close to him in the closet, pressed so near that touching their lips would almost have been easier than not.
“I’ve never been anywhere quite like it,” he said. Dean glanced around the familiar room - the low ceiling, the heavily decorated bar, the flashing lights, the sumptuously cheap stage with its karaoke setup.
Dean kissed him. It was becoming familiar, the feeling of Dean’s kiss – oh, but then Dean opened his mouth, and his tongue gently traced a line that Castiel could feel between his parted lips. Castiel’s breath stuttered, and on the exhale he heard himself make a sound in his throat. That – that had been – Castiel could feel his body reacting. Dean’s tongue in his mouth. Dean’s tongue, in his
“I’ve got you,” Cas said, as Jody put a hand under his arm on the other side. “Come on, let’s move you back a little bit.”
She sounded bewildered, genuinely confused. Castiel, who had been living for months in the web she’d just flown into, gave her a wry look.
There was something in Charlie’s expression that made Castiel think she, too, understood that this wasn’t a happy day for everyone. It was hard to tell with her standing a little back from the congregation, in the gloom, but he thought she looked sad. She was standing too rigidly to be natural.
“I just… the whole wedding thing…” Charlie drifted off, while Castiel felt his stomach drop. He tried to hold his nerve while he figured out what to say, but then she went on, “He’s just not been himself since the Queen arranged the match. I thought he’d be excited because, facing facts, Lisa is incredibly hot and really nice. Not that he’d know that yet, I guess.”
It was good, he thought. He'd put it round the back of the house, so he’d be able to look down on it from his bedroom window and see the birds feed in the morning, if any came.
“Okay,” Dean said, his face working not to look too pleased. Underfoot, the pavement was shiny with ice. Dean started to walk a little slower. “So, if this isn’t the face of a fed, what is it the face of?”
“I mean,” Dean said, aiming for a joke, “you do usually stop paying attention and start thinking about your own shit instead.”
He turned back to the stage, trying to invest himself in the performance that was slowly coming to a close, Charlie and Jo standing at opposite ends of the stage and humming out the last few notes - but an insistent little voice was in his head, saying,
“Whatcha typing?” he mouthed. Castiel’s eyes drifted from Dean over to Charlie, who was buried in her phone with headphones on, and then over to Gordon and Ash, who were sleeping.
“She’s -” Dean tried to say, but someone walked in between them, and then someone else, and Dean gave up and headed back to the table. Charlie was back, legs hooked nonchalantly over the side of her chair as usual; Hannah was excited, pleased; Cas only had eyes for him.
“What?” Dean said. “If you’re not a fan of bad jokes, I’m gonna level with you, we might have to call this early.”
“I don’t know. Whatever people do when they like each other and they’ve already saved the whole city together. Go get pizza, maybe.”
When Dean got to class half an hour later, he was five minutes late and his students had already taken their seats. He kept his eyes on the ground as he walked in, only looking up and putting his hands on his hips when he reached front and centre of the room.
“I never thought,” she said. “I never… you’ve been friends for so long. I knew you were close, but I…” She breathed out. “I’ve spent too long thinking about Corelia and not enough time thinking about my son.”
He broke off. Something about the tone of his voice took the silliness and hilarity out of the situation, and Castiel’s slight smile dropped to be replaced by a little frown of concern.
and have to go through with singing in front of thousands of people at a concert with Castiel, of all people, and there was no way Dean could pass
“It’s not dumb. And if I think about it for two seconds, I’m just feeling good that I know now. You didn’t have to tell me and I’m really… I’m glad you did.”
“I… I should have,” Cas said. “I know I should have found a way. I just… I didn’t lead with it, and it’s hard to just… drop it into conversation…”
“Great.” Jo headed up towards the front of the plane to speak to the pilot. Now that everyone was fixed in their places, Castiel thought he could take a glance around the cabin without looking as though he was desperately hoping someone would come to sit with him.
And when he did, Castiel knew that the wedding would go ahead the next day. He knew that he would have to sit in the cathedral and watch a royal union. And he knew that he would have to go home alone the night afterwards and think of Dean with his new wife, surrounded by cream and honey, her skin graced with silk of Dean’s choice. Because Dean wanted Castiel, but he couldn’t quite say it. He couldn’t quite want it enough to speak it aloud and bring everything crashing down around them.
“He’s not gimmicky or over-saccharine,” Anna said, sounding defensive, almost offended. “He’s brilliant. I mean, some of his songs have commercial appeal, yes, but all of them are brilliant.”
“Spiders,” the man said. “The webs. They’re a ward against her. Not the strongest, but enough to turn something dark away for a while.” Castiel looked up. The thick blanket of cobwebs was silvery in the gloom, speckled with its dark long-legged weavers. “But it’ll be called back by signs of life. Movement, light. Sound. We need to find the stronger wards. It’s probably just for dark things but they might push me out, too. But you’ll be safe inside.”
It took forever, and it took a moment. And when he was close enough to the tree to touch it, he put out a hand. Now, now he could hear something. Now he heard a breath. A breath of wind? A breath drawn in? Castiel moved his hand closer to the tree’s bark skin. The breath became a gasp. A rattling heave at the air. He knew that sound. He recognised it. In his mind, he saw a dark figure with pale ghoulish hands.
She was going to move away. Castiel felt it. She was going to pull her hands away from Castiel’s chest and stand upright and go back into the tree, and nothing was going to change, and Dean was going to keep living in the hurt that Castiel barely understood and Castiel himself was going to be chased out of the forest by the revenant’s shadows and Dean keeping him at arm’s length.
As though summoned by a passing thought of him, here was the Hunter. And as soon as he heard the voice, Castiel felt his emotions slip - felt something like a current under a flat frozen river surface. Some real emotion, something genuine, under a veneer of shining white happiness.
“Fine,” Castiel said again, but without any real bite to it. If he couldn’t have Dean lying in bed next to him, promising to break off the engagement and run away together, then at least he could have this: just the two of them, spending a little of what remained of their time being married all by themselves, at the old barn that had once been like a second home to them both.
Today? Dean still hadn’t given Sam a call. He should’ve done it yesterday, done it this morning, but he’d put it off and put it off, like an idiot.
“And you exit stage left… there we go,” Jody said, as Dean clomped across the stage to the wings. “No lingering on stage, no showing off. Cas has six more songs after yours, so don’t hold the show up. And that’s it! Simple, right?”
Hovering awkwardly by the edge of the bed, Castiel watched Dean grab their food from the hotel staff member and bring it over. One hand out, Dean handed Castiel his breakfast. The two of them had spent enough hungover mornings together that Castiel knew the exact contents of the elegant paper bag that had the hotel’s monogram on the side.
Dear God. Four lines in, and Dean didn’t know whether to bury his head in his hands for having ever got up on the same stage where Cas now stood, or whether to laugh, or whether to cry. Cas was making this song sound so effortless, it was as though it had been written for him. Along the row of other auditionees, Dean could hear whispers that seemed to be gradually getting louder, but Dean ignored them.
“Yes,” Castiel said, and headed for the door. Dean got there slightly before him and pulled it open – and before he could stop himself, he was holding it so that Castiel could go through first, and giving him a grin on the way through. Castiel’s expression in return was just a little smile, but his eyes were bright and Dean thought that maybe he’d liked that.
Dean shook his head. It was this kind of stupid wishful thinking that got him into trouble. Before his last break-up, he’d been so ready to commit, he’d imagined it all out – it hadn’t even felt like imagining, he’d been so sure. If he could just have remembered that he wasn’t owed any happiness and the world definitely wasn’t going to give someone like him any of it for free, then things might have been okay.
He spared a moment to wonder how it had started, for Dean. When he’d first felt something. He wondered how many of their years as friends they’d wasted by not talking, not wanting to be the first to make a move.
Around them, the palace workers arranged flowers and carried dishes and smoothed tablecloths and hurried to and fro.
But then, they’ve done all the rest of it before. They’ve done blood and big choices. They’ve done hands grasping for each other against every rule, against all the smart money. And now there’s just this.
“I don’t know,” Dean said, as the car’s engine started and the driver reversed out of their parking spot. “I don’t… think so?”
Castiel considered Dean for a half-second longer than was polite. Dean could sense the rest of Castiel’s little group watching him, probably keen for some drama. Dean and Castiel together usually meant drama, after all. Somehow, at every party, conversations always turned into arguments that barely managed to scrape politeness. And those blue eyes seemed to cut through Dean’s persona, see the Underlight in him and not like it, not trust it. The closest they’d ever come to a decent talk had been the one time they’d ever been alone together, when they’d been up on the balcony at some party somewhere, and they’d talked about how difficult it was to know what to talk about, sometimes. And even then, Castiel had escaped as soon as he could.
For a long time, he thought Dean wouldn’t answer, but he had nothing else to say so he stayed quiet – and then Dean broke into speech, suddenly, as though he’d taken a mental run-up.
“Uh. Well, actually, uh. It kinda – it kinda didn’t go great,” Dean said. “You know, I’m actually on a call with Sam right now, so –”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said. This had happened enough times that he didn’t usually feel embarrassed, but there was something about being caught mid-fantasy that had his cheeks heating up. He moved to the foot of the bed and sat there, trying to act like he normally would as Dean stretched and blinked.
“I know.” Castiel did know. He’d just let himself start hoping again, without even meaning to. He’d got it into his head that he was the only one stopping something happening between them, because of his talk with Mary and her explanation of why Dean had to marry Lisa. But he’d been wrong.
Charlie reached out her hand for her phone, and Dean gave it to her. She unlocked it, and passed it back to him when she saw the video was still on the screen.
Dean swallowed hard, and closed his messaging app. So long as he didn’t look at it, he could pretend that conversation had never happened, right? He could go back to thinking about how great things were going with him and Cas, and just exist in that happy little bubble. He didn’t have to think about videos with hundreds of thousands of views, or concerts that were coming up, or the fact that he was going to have to tell Sam about the video as well as everything else and Sam was going to have to watch his big brother making heart-eyes at an international superstar.
Weird. No one texted him anymore, not really – all his friends used WhatsApp, and his professors only ever contacted him via email. To just get a plain old text was unusual. He flipped over to his texting app and opened it.
“This is Saint Crispin’s,” Dean interrupted, sounding frustrated by Castiel’s resistance. “You’ve got more right to be in the picture than me, or anyone.”
“Awesome,” Jody said. “Alright. Get up on that stage. I don’t need you to sing yet, I just wanna walk you through your paces on the stage so that you don’t have to think about it twice on the night. I want it seamless, okay?”
He looked across at Dean, who was swirling the remainder of his whisky, his expression hard to read as he looked down at his own legs, tapped a finger against one of them. He looked thoughtful, but also angry – or maybe confused.
Dean yawned widely. He’d been planning to have his tree completely decorated by morning, so that he could switch his lights on tomorrow and look smugly out over the neighbourhood. He was exhausted, though, and even though it was the weekend tomorrow, he was starting to get the old-man problem of not being able to sleep past his weekday wake-up time.
“Someria,” she said, “is the richest of the Corelian provinces, I’m sure you know. So many resources, so much political influence. The financial wellbeing of the whole country hangs on Mariport’s relationship with Someria. On an international level, the stock market pays attention and there are consequences for us when things aren’t going well. If the Duchess should feel slighted… if she should turn against us, and her political allies with her…” Mary smiled at him composedly, and Castiel understood how bad it would be.
Dean found himself grinning uncontrollably; when he glanced over at Cas, he saw an expression of slightly lost and shocked giddiness.
“I don’t know what to do with him,” Mary said, her eyes on the door through which Dean had left. “I really don’t. Less than a week until he’s married and I find out he hasn’t even gone to meet her. And then he just…” She gestured eloquently with a hand, not needing to repeat the rudeness Dean had just shown his bride-to-be.
“Um,” Castiel said. He wondered for a second if he was supposed to be lying. He couldn’t remember making any promises to lie about where Dean was. Then again, he couldn’t remember much from the last twelve hours or so, beyond the overwhelming presence of livid green citrus drinks.
They were standing so close. Dean didn’t seem to know where to look. He licked his lips, looking off to the side with wide eyes, and then bowed his head.
He couldn’t make this not matter by just pretending it wasn’t real, and he couldn’t make the rings disappear by telling them his feelings were probably just strictly platonic. He couldn’t hide things that were so real, so tangible. Not in the way he’d got so good at hiding things that couldn’t be seen or touched.
The engines roared. Castiel closed his eyes, letting the sound and the hum in his seat fill up his senses. He silently heaped gratitude onto the hotel staff who’d brought him the cheeseburger this morning, and taken the edge off his nausea. He didn’t want to imagine trying to go through a plane taking off still feeling as bad as he had when he’d first woken up.
Why hello, and may I take this opportunity to formally welcome you to the HEFTIEST BOI of a chapter. Actually, I'm not sure this is the longest one I've posted, but he is a big boy, a good boy, a good weighty boy, and I hope you enjoy! The next one will go up in a week just as usual, the 19th of July. Until then, friends and enemies! <3
It was a clearing. Perfectly round, as though the trees had lovingly crept right up to the edge, and then stopped with their boughs reaching out. The ground had no leaves on it. The bare earth was a brown scar across the forest floor, a circular burn. And at the very centre of the clearing, there was a single tree.
Maybe it would be better if Sam saw the video first, though? Then he could have time to get over the whole
With brown hair, and green eyes, and freckles visible on his tanned white skin. A man wearing simple clothes, the kind of thing Castiel would expect to see on someone out in the forest so late. A man who seemed to be looking at Castiel with an expression full of confusion.
On the table in front of her was a newspaper, bearing the picture that was already too familiar to Castiel.
“They’ve grown since last time you showed me,” Dean says. He’s holding himself strangely, his fists clenched. Castiel tilts his head to one side, and then looks around with Dean at the garden.
Dean stared at him. That asshole. Withholding his invites, thinking he was so much better than everyone, thinking he got to choose who was cool in the neighbourhood and who wasn’t. People around the place barely spoke to Dean because Castiel had decided he just wasn’t good enough to come to his parties. And there he was now, surveying his kingdom from the warmth of his house. Probably surrounded by amazing food and Christmas music and laughter.
“Okay,” Charlie said, her tone bracing. “Thanks for coming to the meeting, guys. Dean, you’re recording this so we’ve got a transcript for later, right?”
Now, there was a question. The guy was looking at Dean frankly. It was a simple request for information; there was no promise of judgement in his eyes.
about how handshakes happened and how people introduced themselves, but who had never actually put the theory into practice. Dean pulled his hand away, and the man quickly let go.
“Stop," Cassie said, nudging him with her shoulder. “Seriously, okay, just tell me what your job is.”
“Last few seconds,” Castiel said, desperate to stop the flow of laughter before Lisa could realise it was at her expense. On top of everything, the last thing the Duchess deserved was to be giggled at because a Public Relations Manager had stumbled over her words and said that she wasn’t beautiful. He risked a glance over at her, and Lisa’s smile was so composed that Castiel knew she’d already figured it out.
“Yeah, no.” He glanced at Charlie. “That isn’t going to happen.” Now that he’d gotten to sleep next to Cas, he wasn’t going to give that up for anything.
“Had help. Anyone wants work done, they need to pitch in or barter. Don’t feel like pitching in, well then you can have a dirt-pack floor for all I care.” He pulled a plumb bob out of his pocket and set to squaring the doorway.
Dean only hesitated a moment before climbing up the ladder and joining her on the platform. “Only one rider? I thought our last message out strongly recommended additional men make the trip from here on out.”
“Here,” Sam finally found what he was looking for, and set the book down to show his brother. His finger tapped against a sigil drawn on the page. “This one matches the drawing that you sent me. Just as you thought, it’s a containment sigil. Or, at least, that’s what it was believed to do when it was used on Amara.”
Castiel could admit to himself that he was very curious as to what Dean’s other form was. He also knew that nudity was something that Familiars were far more comfortable with than others. Castiel, however, was accustomed to a female Familiar. Despite his curiosity, he turned his back away from Dean after the first flash of skin to give him what small bit of privacy he could. He could hear the rustle of clothing, imagined Dean removing the outer layers, stepping out of his trousers, revealing his muscular legs, his bare feet, his chest and arms. He closed his eyes, silently praying for strength as he felt a flush rise from his chest up over his face.
“Now now,” Donna answered. “Why don’t I tell you about it on the way to the Saloon? It wouldn’t be fair of us to keep your company all to ourselves when everyone else has been itching to meet ya.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched up in a smile. “Feel free to do so whenever the need strikes you.” He let his hand slide down the length of Dean’s arm until he reached his hand, and tangled their fingers together briefly before turning to return downstairs.
The sigil flared with the same sickly yellow color swirled throughout the white rock of the corrupted land as its pattern was disrupted. The ground trembled beneath their feet.
“I should hope so,” Cas replied. Dean could feel the vibration of his voice against his lips. He smiled again, snaking his hand around his mate’s waist, scratching lightly at the hair just below his navel. Cas’ sleep pants rode low on his hips. Dean slid his hand a little lower to play with the ties at his waistband.
A few more words of good-bye, and they were out the gates headed towards Rockville and the longer journey beyond.
Dean didn’t say that he was worried Sam wouldn’t find anything that could help. He had to have faith. If anyone could, it would be Sam.
He pulled his traveling writing desk out from under his bed and began sketching every sigil he could remember from the Witch’s prison. He took special care with the one that he had scuffed that subsequently released her. Even though he knew that the sigils by themselves held no power without the accompanying spellwork by a Witch, he couldn’t help but feel on edge as he inked them.
“Appreciate it, little fox.” Dean pulled her in closer. “Besides, you shot down Walt for the exact same idea,” he pointed out to Gabe.
Her touch was vile, black, oily like the secretions of corruption he and Cas had cleansed over and over again. She dove into the well of his energy reserves, scooping them up greedily.
Dean sensed what Cas intended a moment before Cas tensed his muscles and rolled the two of them over.  Dean relaxed into it, not fighting as Cas rearranged them until he was now above. It was Dean’s turn to arch into the touch as Cas let go his hips and deftly flicked open the buttons of Dean’s pants.
“No,” Cas protested, shaking his head, but he stumbled at the nudge. Dean had never seen him so drained, so completely wrung out. “No. I can help.”
Dean crawled out from under the cot. His legs were a bit shaky but he pushed through it to stand as a support for Cas. Physical, this time.
“But what do I know?” he added, winking at his Witch. Maybe he was taking liberties, but he had no intention of being anyone but himself.
None of the windows were boarded up, all of the furniture looked to still be in place. Worse for wear, but still there. The roof was mostly intact. There had to be some leaks, judging by the water damage here and there, but it would do for temporary shelter.
Dean felt a twinge of unease that this Witch was also an Angelus. Not all of the rumors surrounding the Angelus Witches were exactly benign. There were whispers among the Familiar community that some of their numbers had disappeared after partnering with an Angelus, but those rumors were unconfirmed. Still, any Witch on the frontier had to have an entirely different agenda than those who stalked the halls of power, gathering up wealth and influence.
, one that’s chosen by the two of them on an equal footing. If one side or the other is coerced then you lose a lot of the potential.”
“When the scouts find anything, they come back, tell us where it is, and we go deal with it,” Charlie said. “We go out too; we have different tools to locate the patches, but there are more of them than there are of us, so this is what’s worked to cover more territory.”
“Do you ever miss the coast? The rest of your family?” Dean’s question was soft, tentative. That by itself touched Cas. Dean was rarely tentative, but with Cas he was careful, tender.
Cas could have forcefully grabbed the magical energies, with the binding contract they’d entered into, but he did not work that way. That was one of the fundamental issues he had with the philosophy of his oldest brothers. They believed that the Witch was the power in the relationship, that a Familiar, any Familiar, was a source of power to be used indiscriminately according to the will and desire of the Witch.
Cas was an Angelus, so he likely didn’t realize that it wasn’t that easy to just slide right into New Avalon society. Any door would have been open to him. Nora? Maybe not as much.
“Hey.” He turned towards his Witch, his partner, his mate. He lifted his free hand to Cas’ face, turning it towards him. “No matter what she wants, I only want you. Got it?”
Though he trusted Balthazar more than any of his other cousins, there were no guarantees that he’d actually succeed in finding a Familiar willing to move to the frontier at all, let alone one Cas would actually be compatible with. Still, he didn’t absolutely need to like his Familiar in order to enter a temporary contract.
“Why do you stay?” Dean asked. “You don’t have to answer if it’s too personal, but…” He shrugged. He was curious. This was a difficult life, and from what he’d seen, not too many of them were doing this work for altruistic reasons. Even Garth and Bess, who were two of the sweetest and purest people he’d ever met, were doing it in the hopes of starting a farmstead of their own once the corruption was cleaned. Land here was dirt cheap, practically free for the claiming. It was fertile, too, from what he’d heard. Only drawback was the corruption, which, yeah. One hell of a drawback, to his mind.
Cas stopped Smoky and swung down out of the saddle. The smile that graced his lips was a revelation – warm and happy, relaxed. Even his shoulders lost some of their tension. Dean’s breath hitched in his throat. He was suddenly breathtakingly beautiful.
“I had thought early in the morning the day after tomorrow. That will give you the opportunity to review the contents of your trunks and determine what if anything you would like to leave behind or trade for. I would be happy to assist you in evaluating the usefulness of any such items if you have questions. I do understand that not all items must be useful or practical in order to be personally valuable to you, so that must also be taken into consideration. If you require additional time that can be negotiated, but I am somewhat anxious to return as quickly as possible. The settlement is weaker without our presence. Gabriel and Charlie are a powerful pair, but their strengths are different from mine. And, presumably, yours.”
Cas finally appeared at the doorway with Charlie and Gabe at his heels. “Need help, sweetheart?” Dean asked.
“Knew that. We’ve been expecting you with pleasure.” Garth shook his hand for ten seconds too long before finally releasing it and taking Smoky’s lead from Cas.
He’d looked as well. There was no denying that Dean was a pleasure to look at in both his forms. Cas allowed himself to get lost in daydreams of what might be, someday, as he circled around the inner perimeter of the stockade to the Memorial Garden. He’d promised to show it to Dean, and he would, but later. He didn’t want to wake him, not when he was sleeping so peacefully.
“Not only the four of us. Jody’s strict rotations and rules have kept the residents of Willow River safe.” Cas finished his pie and brushed his hand off on his trousers. He was amused to imagine the reaction of his elder brothers if they caught a glimpse of him now. Heathen. Dean held a handful of berries in front of his face next, which he accepted with a murmured thank you.
The thought of adding a window and the resulting access to the outdoors made Dean feel better about the room. It was a disaster compared to his room in New Avalon, but absolute luxury compared to what his imagination made a lean-to look like.
“Charlie is good at catching fish,” Cas agreed. “We all share when we can. You are more than welcome to hunt, Dean, and any extra would be highly appreciated were you to share. Do not let anyone make you feel guilty for not sharing more, however. It is not our responsibility to provide the majority of the food, as we are too often out cleansing the land.”
”I’ve got an advantage there. Shit like that doesn’t usually stick when I shift from one form to the other.”
“On the other side of the river?” Cas studied it. “Probably. Or else it would require constant vigilance. Start with a small foothold, and gradually move on from there. Gabe and I have discussed the question at length. We’ve come up with a number of different theories and possible approaches, ranging from the methodical to the wildly fantastic.”
“So you don’t know how to cook either?” he asked Gabe, his voice rougher than it had been a moment ago.
“That thought had crossed my mind. I try to remind myself it’s premature to get too excited about it. But early indications are… favorable.”
“Yes,” Cas answered, equally softly. “I want you to see the true border of the frontier. This portion… this is recovering, more quickly with our assistance. But you need to see what the corruption can do, unchecked.” Cas’ blue eyes gleamed where they reflected the soft glow of the banked embers from their cookfire. He was lying on his back. That didn’t seem like it would be comfortable, but who knew. Maybe he wove some sort of a spell to create a cushion of air beneath himself, to protect himself from the inevitable rock in the middle of his spine. Or ass cheek.
As soon as they crossed the threshold into the Peppermint House, Dean shifted forms and wrapped his arms around Cas. “I’ve got him from here, Donna. Thank you. For everything. You helped me just as much as you helped Bobby and Cas.”
Dean did seem to know what he was doing, which indicated he had indeed spent some time working as part of a pair, but there were many different ways that magical abilities could be used.
Dean was good with his hands, and it didn’t take him all that long to pick up on the basics. It didn’t take them any time at all to finish up, and there it was. A nice, new, solid door in place of the burlap curtain.
Dean made it to the top of the ridge, paused for a moment, tail flicking. In the distance the storm was building, green-black clouds with lightning dancing between them. He was certain it was her doing. Dramatic staging — but for all that, it still had the potential to wreak havoc. He suddenly wondered, incongruously, if he’d latched his window closed tightly enough before leaving.
“Yeah, that was covered in primary school history lessons.” Dean stretched more fully, working out some of the kinks from napping on a slightly too small bed. “No one knows exactly what caused it, though there are lots of different theories out there. But the short of it is that this corruption spread over vast territories, larger than the whole of eastern civilization and corrupted everything it touched, making the land unsuitable for any but the hardiest life. The natives who didn’t get out of the way either were killed or were corrupted themselves into monsters, same for the animals, and even the plants changed into horrific versions of their original form.”
“So what do you do for fun, then, if you don’t like to play cards?” Dean was genuinely curious. He’d seen Cas reading, but they were almost always either histories or spell books, never dime novels or anything fanciful.
The upstairs was simple — a small landing with three doors opening off it. One of the doors was colored in a pattern of purple with green polka dots. A second was painted in a buttery yellow color, with a daisy intertwined with a pale pink rose carved into the surface. The third door was natural wood, with a small bee. A witchlight encased in a glass globe hung from the ceiling, glowing with a soft white light.
“Your pronouns,” the woman said, with a little smile. “Like he and him, or she and her, or they and them, or…?”
It was still unreal. He couldn’t connect those people’s words with himself, his own singing, his own lived experience of the auditions - but he didn’t mind them all talking about it so much, now he’d seen them do it. It was kind of… kind of nice, in a way. They were just people getting excited about something.
“Are you sure?” she said, quickly unlocking and lifting up her phone, and pointing to one of the YouTube comments on the screen. “Because Mr Fizzles can sense when you’re being a liaaaaaaar.”
And Castiel wanted to hear it. But he couldn’t. Not after what Mary had told him. Not now that he knew it was impossible for their marriage to last.
Three months back on Earth, safe from the Empty with a little help from the Winchesters and from Jack – but Castiel and Dean still hadn’t talked about it. The things that Castiel had said – and what Dean had said in return.
“No, no… no. OK, listen. Honestly, the main reason I haven’t been telling you, it’s actually… it’s not because I really believed you were gonna wanna cut me off and never speak to me again.”
When Castiel returned to his seat, he closed his eyes, and all he wanted to think about was Dean’s face in that moment. Soft and surprised and some other things that Castiel didn’t understand.
– that might stop you from getting married in two days’ time, you are going to take steps to remove those obstacles.”
“Oh…” The penny seemed to drop. “But – no. That wasn’t a date, those weren’t dates – it was just going to be another group night… like we always had, with Charlie and Billie and everyone?”
There was dead air for a second. On Dean’s laptop screen, he noticed Sam was looking back up at him again, a definitely disapproving expression on his face.
But he couldn’t stop thinking about how if he just moved his knee slightly further to the left, it would be against Castiel’s.
“We used to hang out every day when you finished work,” Sam said, and his voice had gone distant as he looked back at the memory, as though he were trying to be dispassionate. Dean looked up at Bobby's garage through the windscreen without seeing it. “I’d come pick you up from Bobby’s and we’d go to the Old Firehouse and play darts and just… you know… hang out. You started blowing it off a couple of times and then you just… stopped coming.”
“C’mon,” he said. “You know what it’s like when you come out to someone and you can tell that you chose wrong, and they’re angry and they wish you hadn’t told them. Sometimes they’re being polite on the surface but you can tell. And something breaks. Like, yeah, it’s bullshit to have to hide, but it’s less bullshit than seeing someone you care about hating you or a part of you or whatever.”
He heard Dean mutter something else, too low to be heard. Internally, Castiel shrugged. Whoever ‘she’ was, she was probably some stuffy head of state Dean didn’t want to share a boring afternoon with.
He’d promised Dean that they’d still be friends after the wedding. That was what had Castiel taking out his suit and looking for his cufflinks and tie pin. He’d promised. And if he started off by skipping the bathhouse trip – if he tried to begin by refusing to go to the wedding – then he’d never keep his word. He’d never be able to face Dean again, if he couldn’t face Dean now.
Dean took the microphone in one sweaty hand, and opened his dry mouth. What were the first words? Could he even remember them?
“Okay,” Donna said, bringing a huge platter over to the table. She set it down, and Castiel saw fresh bread rolls and croissants and cheeses and cured ham and orange slices, arranged neatly in rows. “Everyone take one of what you’d like…”
For a second, he lowered his roll of tape, and breathed out. He pressed his lips together, hard, and let his eyes sweep the mess that was his living room. Books lay scattered across the floor, dry law textbooks on top of dusty old fantasy novels he’d been meaning to get rid of but had never quite got around to donating. Clothes were in a heap by the door, waiting to be shoved into his suitcase. A ladle was inexplicably hanging over the arm of the sofa, looking silver and sorrowful upside-down. A cup of coffee was on the stained end-table, and when he saw it, Castiel blinked.
vest. Yeah, Dean’s own wardrobe hadn’t been the freshest in multiple senses recently, but it wasn’t sweater vests.
It’s so small and barely-there that Castiel can’t trust it. He can’t know how this ends. It’s a rope thrown into down into his well, though, and with no idea what waits for him at the top, he still puts his hand on it and wonders if he’s strong enough to begin to climb.
“Come here.” Softly spoken. And Dean didn’t look up, didn’t meet his eyes – only took a step forward, and put his chin on Castiel’s shoulder, and his arms around Castiel’s middle.
“So… doing anything nice for Christmas?” he said, now wanting to steer the conversation away from his rant. Cas didn’t look put off - if anything, he seemed to have quite enjoyed it - but Dean was fairly sure he was going to remember
“You should talk to him,” Charlie said, with more certainty. “Seriously. I mean, everything else is good, right?”
“Sure,” he said, and Jody reached into the inside pocket of her jacket, pulling out papers that had been folded up to fit. Dean took them from her, along with the pen that she proffered a few moments later. “Uh… do I have to read these, or can I just sign?”
"You have no idea what you're talking about. You think this is replaceable? 'Course you do. That's what you assholes are all about, right? Everything being replaceable with somethin' else or someone else. Always a way to fill the space so you never gotta feel it."
Dean opened his eyes, and risked a glance around the corner of the building. Eyes sharp, expression drawn and determined, he saw no one - but the steps were crashing closer and then, quite suddenly, a figure burst out of a darker back alley and into the street Dean was watching. The figure careened into the wall, carried by their own momentum, and cried out when something in their arm audibly cracked. Dean winced, and the figure slid down the wall, clutching their arm to their chest. The second pair of footsteps was drawing closer and closer, and finally another figure stepped into view - at an almost leisurely pace, knowing they'd won.
“So,” Charlie said when she and Cas were well clear of the house, tapping him lightly on the upper arm. “Tell me everything about Dean Winchester. You’ve practiced together? What was it like? He’s awfully handsome.”
“I’ve noticed that,” Dean said. “When he’s not making a point out of paying attention to anything other than what he’s focused on.”
Dean swung down out of the saddle and moved over to Cas. He extended his hand to catch Cas’, tangling their fingers together and squeezing. “Storm on the horizon,” he observed.
Charlie was the first one to break the silence. “Well? What did you find?” Her gaze bounced between Cas and Dean.
Dean flashed Gabe a quick scowl, hoping that his face wasn’t turning red. He didn’t want to think about what Gabe was insinuating. Not so soon after arriving.
Gabe whistled, reluctantly impressed. “You have a giant set of balls, don’t you.” His eyes swept along the entire length of Sam — a look Sam missed as he went back to paging through the volume in his hands. Gabe smirked and looked at Cas. “I told them to let you take a look at the household protections.”
Dean couldn’t speak past the huge lump in his throat, so he settled for a brisk nod, drinking in the last sight of the people most dear to him in all the world, then he waved and stepped onto the train and into his new life.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that. You don’t know him well enough yet. He’s quirky and… okay, weird. But our magic just fits together. He’s my best friend. And because I know you want to ask, no, we’re not a mated pair bond. I prefer the ladies.”
“Shh, shh,” Dean crooned, stroking Cas’ leg, then moving up to card his fingers through his hair and drop a light kiss on his temple. “I’m going to go get you something to drink, something to eat. You drained yourself too far, idiot.” Dean felt wobbly still himself, but stronger than Cas.
Dean rolled his eyes as he walked up to the dead bird. He rolled it over with his foot and noted the black veins branching out across the vulture’s red head. “Corrupted. We need to burn this.” He jumped back as it burst into flame practically under his feet. He turned to glare at Gabe.
Cas snorted. “Well. That may be true for some, but you live here. There are no wards up here that would keep you out. Even the ones that Gabe set.”
“Oh. Yes. Of course.” With that prompt, Castiel mounted back up and continued along the trail. The horses were far more relaxed without Dean right nearby, which allowed Castiel to relax as well. In fact, he had to remind himself to remain vigilant. Just because Dean was out there scouting didn’t mean he could forego paying attention to the surroundings.
Dean staggered out from behind the new burlap curtain as Cas was putting the cast iron skillet over the fire. He looked the worse for wear, his hair sticking up in random directions, his cheeks flushed, his sleep shirt bunched up over his shoulder and rucked up to reveal a sliver of his stomach.
They stayed up for much longer than they should, but eventually all writing supplies were safely stored away under the bed and the two of them curled up next to each other to get some sleep. It had only been a few days, but already the thought of sleeping alone was an unwelcome one when they could have this instead.
By the time Dean returned back to Peppermint House, his muscles were pleasantly sore from a day of labor. After mixing the draff in with the feed for the cattle, he’d ended up assisting Bobby with fixing one of Rufus Turner’s chairs, then spent some time weeding in the garden. Weeding was, apparently, a never-ending task.
“Hold his head, talk to him. I need you to hold him here while I work. The corruption will be trying to destroy his life-spark. He needs something to focus on while I work to draw the taint from his body.”
“He is? Hah! Classic. This place, it’s going to be easy to navigate. I can tell already. The saloon literally named, The Saloon. There is a saloon, isn’t there? Please tell me there is.”
The stubborn part of Dean didn’t want to leave. What did he really gain, though, what did he really prove by standing here for longer?
Ellen ran her hand down his arm. “He’s getting better. Sleeping now, regaining his energy — but he’s been awake. Ornery old cuss when he’s awake, now.” A faint affectionate smile crossed her lips. “Which means he’s on the mend. At first he didn’t say anything, just passively sipped the broth I made from him. Now he’s swearing at it before he drinks it.”
“I actually like riding a horse,” Dean volunteered, deciding he’d best at least try and be social despite the heavy mood settling over their party. “It’s just that most of them don’t like me very much.”
Dean ran his hand through his hair. “So what exactly is it that you’ve been doing out here? Your cousin wasn’t really all that specific.”
“I do too listen to you,” Gabe argued. “I don’t always do as you suggest, but I at least listen. I’m still considering making the lean-to yellow.”
Sam smiled, huffed an affectionate laugh. “Right there.” He gestured towards the other side of the — tent? They were in a tent. Light was filtered through the canvas of the ceiling, dappled from trees overhead. So they were still in some sort of a camp, rather than back in Willow River.
Then he turned to Dean. “Okay, big guy.” He caught Dean in a hug, too, much to his surprise. “You take care of yourselves, got it? I’m not so sure Cassie would survive losing you.”
Dean cocked his head to the side as he considered. “Wasn’t paying too much attention, honestly. Yes, I suppose so? It’s just always there now. Don’t always notice.” He set water to boiling over the stove, and wiped down the teacup with a clean towel. “This is a nice tea service. Any story behind it?”
“It seems unlikely that sex was the direct cause,” he finally answered. “Not entirely unrelated, though. Dean…”
Instead of the stream, they ended up finding a river that the stream must have been feeding into. They made camp on a knoll overlooking the water, still not having made contact with the bear or any other corrupted creature. Barring the occasional bird, the trip had been ominously free of wildlife.
His protective charms had done what they were meant to do. Not a trace of corruption from the bear’s claws clung to Cas’ skin. He pulled more energy from Dean, felt Dean open up to him fully and completely.
Now that he was more awake and aware, he could see the tangled threads of the magic that Dean was following. It was barely a hint of corruption, and easy enough to cleanse as they traveled along.
Cas grunted, then forced one eye open. “Hello, Dean,” he croaked. “You’re here.” He moved his hands, grasped Dean’s shirt tightly in his fingers.
Dean chuckled wetly, and settled back, keeping his arm around his brother as he turned to face the community.
Dean didn’t dawdle in pulling his clothes on. He made quick work of it, then fastened the satchel back to Smoky’s saddle himself. He honestly didn’t know what he was doing. He liked getting a reaction out of Cas, but to what purpose?
“Cas said not to ask anyone about their lives back home. That if they wanted you to know, they’d tell you themselves.”
“This sigil was originally thought to prevent a Witch from accessing magic. What it actually does is hide any and all Familiars from the Witch. The basic end result is the same, in most cases, hence the confusion.”
“Nor do I. It seemed newer,” Cas said. “Not well established. I might have preferred established. That could just mean we’d missed it, not that the land was re-infected. Do we need to start backtracking with patrols?”
The woman behind the bar looked up as Cas and Dean approached, her eyes narrowing slightly as she swept her gaze up and down Dean’s body. The way she looked at him made him feel like he was five years old again. “Evenin’, Cas,” she said. “And you are, of course, Dean. Welcome to Willow River. First drink’s on the house.” She smiled, then, a slightly amused quirk of her lips. “But only the first one.”
Holding Dean’s gaze, Cas brushed his fingertips along the Familiar’s collar bone. He curled his hand around the charm still hanging from Dean’s neck. It was blackened around the edges, but still intact. “Remind me to thank your family for the love and care they put into your protections.”
Very well then. Cas stepped forward towards the bar, seating himself on a high barstool and facing the others. Dean followed him, then hopped up to sit on the bar counter, positioning himself slightly behind his Witch. Cas nodded to him, grateful for the support.
“Small magics weren’t a problem,” Cas answered. “Anything I needed to pull energy from outside of myself, it was a fight. Results could be random. I didn’t try very often or for very long for fear the random result would also be destructive.”
“That sounds like a plan,” Garth replied. “We’ll see you later, then. Looking forward to getting to know you, Mr. Winchester. Been a while since we’ve had new friends.”
Cas’ unquestioning acceptance of Dean’s discomfort felt good. Dean had seen Witches scoff at a Familiar thinking something was wrong. It was good to know that Cas wasn’t one of that type of Witch.
“But I am not going to disrespect a potential life-time love by suggesting my sole interest in them is for their sexual prowess and other such superficial things.” He was vaguely aware that he sounded terribly prim and proper, like a school marm riding herd over a class full of students with an iron thumb. “If all I wanted was to fuck then rejection would be nearly meaningless.”
“Of course he doesn’t mind!” Gabe pointed at her with his spoon. “Also, Donna’s hair clip sprouts a new fresh flower every time she uses it.”
Cas made a heart-rending sound of protest, but didn’t fight Dean. He was totally drained, absolutely wrecked. Dean pushed open the bee door and guided Cas onto the bed, pushing him down, reaching down to pull off his filthy socks. He realized with a start that Cas had never pulled his boots back on, when Charlie had first summoned them.
“You ever think about what you would do if you didn’t have to be fighting the corruption any more? If — when — we figure out how to take out Amara. What next, what after that?”
Dean chuckled, raised himself up on one arm to lean over Cas’ shoulder and drop a kiss behind his ear. Cas turned enough to capture his lips. The kiss started out soft and sleepy, but didn’t take long to go deeper. Damn, but this was so good. His Witch —
Cas gradually came back to consciousness, feeling safe and warm. His hip was perhaps slightly sore where it pressed on an unforgiving surface, and was there a rock there, too? He shifted.
“Gabe,” Cas said, his voice deep and firm. “Allow Dean the courtesy of bathing before this discussion. He is not a child to be chastised by you.”
“Thanks, Cas. Dinner is almost ready, by the way,” Dean said, giving the skillet a shake over the fire. “Nothing fancy, just a little rabbit meat stew with potatoes and carrots. Have to use the fresh stuff we brought with us before it goes off.” The rabbit he’d hunted while shifted, then skinned when he was human again.
“And there have been other rumors that my own cousins are seeking powerful Familiars to partner with themselves and their adherents as they jostle amongst themselves for position.”
Charlie walked into Dean’s arms and gave him a big hug. He pulled her in and kissed the top of her head.
When Cas sat up, the cloth Dean had been using to cool his brow fell to his lap. It was a ragged bit of faded blue cloth with remnants of a familiar pattern of embroidery. A matching length of cloth was tied around his thigh, protecting what must be claw marks from the bear. “This explains what happened to my shirt. What happened to yours?”
“We do, yes. I don’t know if you saw them yesterday, but we have a small number of milk cows here. Three, to be precise, and a single bull to service them as needed. Getting them here was quite an adventure, to be sure, but everyone agrees they were worth the effort.” He took the small pitcher of cream out of the keeping box and set it down near Dean.
This was new for the four of them, and yet establishing a routine was simple. Charlie laid out the bedrolls and winked at Dean as she set his right near to Cas’.
A knock sounded on the door, followed by Cas coming through. Dean looked up to offer a small smile. “Hey, Cas. Sorry for taking off, but I didn’t think there was anything else I could add. Everything okay over there? I didn’t hear any explosions.”
The next afternoon, he heard a commotion in the commons. Looking up, he saw a horse trotting in — and a familiar form on top of that horse. The rider reined in and swung out of the saddle as a hawk cried and swooped down from the sky, coming to rest on the apex of The Saloon’s roof.
Cas nodded. “Dean and I will go alone.” He handed Smoky’s lead to Gabe, turned back towards Dean. “Are you ready?”
“Illusions,” Cas answered. “Gabriel is adept at illusions.” He focused his attention on his brother. “What about Roy?”
They didn’t always need to go to Rockville to get their correspondence; sometimes the town sent someone out with mail and news. It was far too soon to hear back from Sam about those sigils but that didn’t mean he might not get a different letter from any member of his family. Even Jess sent him a few pages now and then, though hers were often sketches rather than letters. He particularly liked the one she sent him of Sam sprawled out asleep in the library.
The sudden backrush of magical energy surged through Dean and into the ground, knocking him out cold.
Verbal communication was no longer necessary. Each of them opened their bond to the other so fully that it was difficult to differentiate between the two. Dean traced a path down the length of Cas’ spine and felt a phantom touch along his own. Cas scratched his nails lightly down Dean’s thighs as he removed Dean’s pants entirely, and Dean knew that Cas felt it too.
“Do you want to explain what the hell is going on?” Jody asked, before the four of them had a chance to sit down.
Dean felt far more human after cleaning up. He pulled on a clean shirt and trousers, turned to see Cas watching him. He flashed him a weak grin. “Like what you see?”
Dean sighed with the change in mood and met his brother’s gaze. “Yeah, I know. Gonna miss you, too. I’ll write. Not sure how long it will take letters to get here, or how reliable they are, but I’ll write.”
“Yes, as best I can tell from what I feel out of you through our link. When I reached sixteen, I was informed that it was time for me to form a contract bond with a Familiar, because my talents were needed to support the family’s goals and aspirations. I had no reason to question that.” He was uncomfortable telling this part of the story, but he and Dean were getting to know each other well enough now that it seemed important. Gabe and Charlie both knew this already, but they wouldn’t share the story with Dean. Chatty they might both be, but they wouldn’t tell a tale that wasn’t theirs.
“Thank you kindly,” he said, sidling through the open doorway to avoid banging the oversized trunk against the wood of the door. Judging by the dents and scratches not everyone was so careful.
“Sometimes. It’s not as precise as Nora’s visuals were. They end up triangulating. That’s one of the things Gabe is better at than Cas, though maybe part of it is due to me. It’s not just the spots where the corruption pollutes the environment, though. Sometimes we have to track down and deal with things that have been corrupted.”
The interior of the saloon was comfortable, if rustic. The tables were solid and square, the bar tucked into a corner had shelves behind it with a small selection of alcoholic beverages on display. Dean followed Cas back to the bar, looking around with curiosity. The bottles weren’t labeled as nicely as they were back in New Avalon. Some weren’t labeled at all, the only distinguishing factors being the color of the liquid inside. There were a couple barrels on stands, with taps inserted.
Jessica made an indelicate snorting sound from her seat perched atop one of the trunks. Sam shot her a quick look before returning his attention to Dean and the Witches.
Charlie sighed, finished her coffee and dumped the mug, then moved behind a convenient rise to shift.
“It is time to find a new approach,” Cas suggested. “Not surrendering Dean,” he shot a glare at Gabe, “but head out for a little while to see if we might draw some of the attacks away from Willow River. Amara wants Dean — and she has to be locking in on him when she sends the creatures she’s corrupted after him. If he’s not here, the attacks should stop.”
Even so, he carefully made his way across the porch and pushed his head in through the front door. He sneezed a few times to clear the dust from his nose.
Seeing Jody, Dean couldn’t for the life of him understand it. She was certainly attractive as she was.
Dean looked about. This entrance opened into a garden, the plants just starting to grow this early in the season. The garden was a good size with many neat furrows and mounds. He wasn’t a gardener, but he recognized the thick trailing vines of squash, vertical stands of corn, carrots, peas, beans, potatoes from the small garden his father kept back in New Avalon. There were other plants he didn’t recognize. It was early enough in the season they were still low to the ground.
Dean picked up the rifle Pamela had left resting against the railing and sighted through it. He didn’t have any intention of shooting, but he did want to be prepared.
By the time Dean found a cave large enough to shelter them, the sunlight was nearly gone. He left Cas in the cave and went about gathering enough brush and grasses to make a comfortable bed. It was damp, but better than the hard-packed ground. Next, he took the remains of Cas’ shirt and rinsed it thoroughly in the river so he could use that to carefully clean the slashes across Cas’ ribs.
“Thank you. It smells very good.” Cas stood up and brushed off the seat of his pants before joining Dean at the fire.
Dean sagged against Cas as unspoken worry and tension bled out of him. He placed his palm against Cas’ ribs.
claimed that he hadn’t slept enough on the trip. That was plausible. A Familiar generally transformed between shapes somewhat frequently. If he was in a situation where he couldn’t freely shift for an extended period of time, it placed an additional strain on the body, no matter which form the person was constrained to. He knew that. Growing up, he’d spent no small number of hours learning about the strengths and limitations of Familiars. It was important knowledge for any Witch to have, and according to Nora the reverse knowledge was a part of a Familiar’s education, though less formally.
Cas was no passive participant. With the first nip of Dean’s teeth against his lower lip, he brought his hands up to grip Dean’s hips and held him in place.
“Come on. I’ll show you.” Gabe led them the rest of the way to the pink and white house – which definitely stood out amongst all of the others, which were mostly either natural wood or white-washed with a limestone mix. They went inside the house. It was rectangular, with a steep narrow staircase on one side leading up to the second floor. Magical energies hummed pleasant and welcoming beneath his feet, tasting strongly of wildflowers with a fainter notes of more cultivated roses — hints of Cas’ previous Familiar woven through the house.
They reached the stable, where Garth was unloading the animals. He’d already finished with Smoky and Red, piling their packs to one side of the stall and the saddles on the other. He was finishing up with Pigeon.
Sam nodded, as if that fit exactly with what he expected. “Drawing on larger amounts of power warps the magic. Tangles it. Makes it impossible to do what you actually intend to do.”
“I still have an immediate reason for it then. I can be still and wait if I know what I’m waiting for. This… this makes me want to crawl out of my skin.”
Donna set a plate of cookies down in front of Bobby as she circled around past him, breaking the tension in the room. She followed that up with a kiss to his whiskered cheek, then found her own seat next to Jody. “The question now is, what do we do about it? From what you said, sounds like this lady isn’t about to give up on getting her hands on Dean.”
“Contract is only for a year,” Dean pointed out. Reminded them both. “I’ll come back then, either way.” Either for a visit, or returning home to stay.
“That’s for d--danged sure.” Winchester turned towards the growing pile of luggage the stagecoach driver was removing from the roof of the stage. “These two are mine,” he said, indicating two healthy sized trunks. “I know it might be too much to transport the rest of the way, but I reckoned whatever we couldn’t take I could sell for extra coin.”
Dean was exhausted. Three days of exercises, the only respite being while they slept, were enough to leave him feeling rebellious. Cas believed not only in following traditional partner bonding progression exercises, but repeating each set multiple times before moving ahead to the next. There was no such thing as ‘good enough’. He found areas for improvement, shared his thoughts, and insisted they try again until the exercise met his exacting standards.
love with him, but I love him dearly. Rough edges and all. We make each other better, and not just with the magic.”
“Hello, Mr. Winchester,” Castiel greeted him, extending his hand. He hoped Winchester didn’t notice the slight tremble. “I am Castiel Angelus, at your service.”
Every other piece of corruption he had come across up to this point was a mere drop in the water compared to how he felt now. He couldn’t see it, yet, but he could feel it. The closest comparison he could come to was being covered in biting ants.
That made Dean smirk. “Or you could stay down here, with me. Until we can get this bed moved upstairs.” It was just enough bigger that there was at least a chance neither of them would end up on the floor come morning. Then there was the benefit of being farther away from Gabe and Charlie. Cas could use his magic to muffle any sounds coming from their bed, but Dean still preferred the idea of being farther away from their housemates.
He wound his way down towards her, pausing only slightly before stepping over the invisible barrier she couldn’t cross.
“I know!” He hunched his shoulders. “Believe me, I wasn’t a fan of watching it happen. He’s fine, though. Now.”
Cas grumbled and burrowed deeper into his blanket cocoon. It was difficult to drift back down into sleep when his shoulder was being shaken. He was close to managing, though, when tactics changed and the blanket was stripped off of him entirely, startling him with a sudden rush of cold air. He sat up and blinked blearily. Garth stood at the side of his bed, hands on hips and expression a mixture of contrite and chastising. “Garth?”
“Cas has been talking up the mead. And the hard cider. I’m a whiskey man myself, but I’m game to try anything.”
“Dean and I will draw off the attacks, then,” Cas nodded decisively. “I’ll go speak to Ellen about getting supplies together for a long patrol.” He strode off towards the saloon before waiting on any sort of response.
Cas cleared his throat. “I’ll go get Dean.” He could reach out to him through their mental bond, but he preferred the idea of getting him in person. That would also give Gabe just a few more minutes to settle down, which could only be a good thing.
“Nor would we; we would never enact violence upon each other.” He moved closer to sit next to Dean on the bed. “What are you working on?”
“Willow River. Coincidentally, the settlement is located on the banks of a river that has many willow trees.”
“What brings you to Willow River, Witch?” Gabe challenged him. His tone was civil, barely. Even from here Dean could sense the energy Gabe was gathering. Charlie moved to his side, her hair moving though there was no breeze. The embroidered flowers on Gabe’s long shirt shifted in color, ranging from dark purple to blood red to angry orange and then back again.
Castiel began to understand why Dean would be more comfortable out in the open. Living in a city as populous and crowded as New Avalon must have been uncomfortable for him in such a large Familiar form. As he watched, Dean disappeared into the brush. He felt echoes of Dean’s joy through their link. It was that link alone which allowed him to know Dean was anywhere near at all, for he blended in incredibly well.
Cas shifted, deliberately turning his back towards his brother. Gabe started flicking tiny pebbles at his back, but Cas ignored him. “I was happy with my studies. There’s something pure about working magic, something joyful.”
One more round of hugs, and Dean and Cas hopped up into the wagon. They’d said their good-byes to everyone else the night before, spent too long in the Saloon for their heads to thank them this morning. Jody and Donna were already in Rockville, and would be taking over the wagon to bring it, and Smoky, back with them to Willow River.
Taking a deep breath, he squared his shoulders and crossed the street, weaving his way between the buggies, wagons, and carriages conducting their business in the city. He didn’t often come to the center of the city like this. The crush of people and animals tended to make him feel confined, and the horses spooked easily around him if he wasn’t careful.
“After you get yourself cleaned up. You’re a filthy mess. Both of you are.” She turned to fix Cas with a stern gaze as well.
“How angry is Gabriel?” Cas asked as he stroked her ears just the way she liked, soothing. Her fur was soft against his bare chest, tickling slightly.
Dean stroked his thumb against the pulsepoint in Cas’ wrist. “I know, Cas. I know. I just… I couldn’t live with not doing anything. I don’t think you could, either.”
“It’s going to be some time before you go anywhere, Dean Winchester,” Charlie told him as she joined him at Smoky’s stall. She crossed her arms on the door and watched him work.
“Next time we go out, we’ll take Red instead. Give you a break. A few extra apples to make up for whatever fright you suffered out there.” Dean didn’t see any scratches on him, at least. Not new ones.
Most of the other people at the station left them a bubble of space, unconsciously responding to the aura of power surrounding two Witches and three Familiars--particularly with two sets of mated, bonded pairs. A pair bond wasn’t that unusual between Witches and Familiars, but combined with a mating? That was rare indeed.
“How closely do you work with the scouts?” Dean asked. It sounded like it was a fairly close working relationship, but that impression could be entirely wrong. “You make them protective charms?”
“Hey, that doesn’t mean you should give up!” Dean sat down facing Cas, his thigh a solid warmth next to Cas’ own. “It’s not not working. Keep going. How would you woo me?”
Balthazar’s letter was only able to give a vague arrival date for Castiel’s new Familiar. There were far too many vagaries of travel to consider. For that reason, Castiel arrived at Rockville, the nearest town of any size,  a week before Mr. Winchester’s expected arrival with plans to stay up to a month waiting on the stagecoach. There was plenty of business to conduct in town in the meantime, even if he did get fidgety thinking of all the ways he was needed at the Willow River outpost. Gabriel and Charlie could handle things without him for a few weeks. This was important, after all.
He could worry about her surprising strength once they were away from here. The sheer power it took to override his blood bond with Dean was terrifying -- but he couldn't afford to devote any energy to worrying about that now. Time enough for that later, when they were safely away. He continued pulling Dean, angling to break her line of sight. They were two steps from being out of sight when a loud roar to his immediate right startled him.
Cas hugged her back, a bit awkwardly. He enjoyed getting the hugs, he just wasn’t entirely sure what to do with his hands and arms in return. By the time he had an idea, it was usually over. He envied people like Donna and Charlie, and even Gabe, who were so easily tactile.
