"You can hang your towel here," Cas pointed out a bent nail in the rickety looked lamp pot that was attached to the dock. Dean, hung the threadbare beach towel, it's design lost to countless washings, where he was told.
Dean made himself say it, closing more of the distance and cupping Cas’s cheek in his hand.  “I love you. I love you too. Okay?”
Dean swayed from foot to foot nervously, the planks of the wooden dock were hot under his bare feet and sun glinted off the sluggish brown river.
The warm wet sweetness of it made Cas cry out and he gripped the arms of the chair as he thrust up into his hot mouth. Dean moved over him easily, tongue and teeth and lips finding every sweet spot. Cas dissolved into a sweaty mess beneath his ministrations until he was practically gasping from pleasure. Dean pulled off of him slowly, looking up at him with reverence.
"Want to do the honors of starting off the race?"  Meg was asking someone, Cas turned and saw it was Abel, standing over her.
"And Jess will tend to that, but first, take me to the stables, I have something for you. Sort of." Sam looked at her like he was just going to haul her away, "Please, Sam." Sam, undone by puppy eyes turned and started walking quickly towards the stables, instead of the castle. Jess at his side, trying to tell Charlie to hold her wound closed to stop the bleeding.
Michael sat behind his father’s desk, as usual. Castiel pushed the door open and walked up to him without preamble. Dean at his heels.
"I already told them, you mad mud man! Get some damned clothes on." Castiel sat back on his heel and glared at the shorter man with a truly disgusted look on his face. Dean couldn't help but smirk at the display, his guardian angel was freaking adorable.
Don Quixote bowed his head in complete reverence of the man's words. Shaking his head Ash excused himself and left the diner just as breakfast arrived.
He ducked into a door in one of the warehouses and Cas silently followed, peeking in through a dusty window. Castiel stood transfixed as he watched Sam hug a girl with long dark hair. Ruby. He was urgently asking her something, she laughed at him, then took his hand and led him to a mattress on the floor.
"Don't mind them, newlyweds." Dean explained, "I let them have the same post so they could still enjoy the festivities."
"Dean, come on. Tell me whatever it is you're hiding. We just saved Jo from a dragon, we've battled werewolves, vampires and ghosts since we were kids, please tell me what could possibly be in our way that we cannot stop it?"
They tried to talk, but after some starts and stops both of them decided to wait until they weren’t in a car. This conversation needed to be face to face.
“I’m not really that good a judge on guys, but yes I did. So I will repeat myself: Why won’t you call this guy?”
Castiel surged forward to kiss the man he loved above all others. Bare feet rubbed against bare feet as they sunk into the wet sand. A light chill breeze ruffled their clothes and hair bringing the smell of salt and fish and ozone.
“Look, Anna sent that email to me. I’m the one remembering secrets. Which means you have to listen to me. Both of you. And right now I’m going home.”
“What if your the unwitting target of a ninja vendetta and he returns tonight to strangle you with his nunchuks?” Gabriel asked, waving his lollipop around to emphasize his point. The man had an unhealthy obsession with candy.
Dean wasn't really sure why he was here. Baby was breathing a little heavily from that last stretch of galloping. Dean was still as confused as before the ride that was supposed to clear his head.
It was Castiel. Somehow this came as a shock. Even though he had seen the man here the last time, seeing him in a full gown and wig on his head and make up like the ladies before that was inviting and gaudy at the same time.
This seemed to mollify Don Quixote who rose to his feet triumphantly. “Forever at your service, Master Singer.”
"Did you bring the first-aid kit?" Chimes in Cas, suddenly inches from him again. "Dean gashed his shoulder on a log."
Dean suddenly understanding why the man had been eyeing him earlier suddenly relaxed. The man was a hawker and was just trying to drum up business with the wealthier clientele.
Maybe she knew this was wrong, but at that moment she just didn't care. She had been labeled a slut and a whore for over a year with absolutely nothing to show for it. Anyway, if Cas was going to abandon her now, it wasn't as if she owed him anything. It wasn't as if Dean was gay anyway. Look how he responded to her. Cas's school boy crush wasn't her concern now.
Castiel shrugged, trying to rub his arms with icy fingers without letting in a draft under the blanket. "It's just they say that the best way to get warm is to, uh, share body heat."
But there were tears of joy in his eyes. “Dean that’s wonderful. I am so happy you went for what will make you happy. I’m sorry I wasn't there to cheer you on.”
Castiel felt his face blanch. He hadn't even known before tonight that other men wore dresses. What else didn't he know about the world. The possibilities were staggering.
Dean, not really wanting to have this conversation, tried to get out of it by pretending not to hear him and stepping past him into the bathroom. Again Sam used his great height and arm length advantage blocking his access to the bathroom door.
“Did you do that?” Sam asked, his hand already unbound as he climbed to his feet. Before Cas could open his mouth to correct the man, Gabriel had a hand on his shoulder.
"Me too," He managed, his voice shaking. His hands tightened around Castiel's waist, but he had stiffened and pulled away. Under his breath he heard Cas say, "They've found me."
"That should make you nicely disguised against your families prying gazes. No doubt you are the last person they will even be looking for. Plus with their head start they will no doubt be into the cups." He motioned drinking. "Shall we?"
The door opened behind him and a gruff bearded man in a black suit was being dragged in by a tired looking Anais.  Naomi nods at the man who enters, “Major Singer.”
"Your vagina, is so good." He moaned at her, and for a while she was convinced she did have a vagina. He licked at her until she couldn't hold it together, then his fingers took over, slipping inside easily with the oil. One finger, then two, then three... she made him stop while she breathed to calm herself off the cliff. He added more oil, then he slowly plied her open.
Dean ducked his head. “You were there Cas. Your words were there. Reminding me I’m not just a killer. That I have other parts of me. That I can let this all go and Sam and his network will be fine without me. I couldn’t have done it without you.”
Sam stepped in and swept Charlie off her feet and into his arms. He exchanged a look with Dean telling him that he would take care of the princess. Charlie let Sam hold her, clutching her bleeding arm, tears still running down her bloodless cheeks.
“General Stanfield. No, they are going to turn him. Look, something is wrong with me okay? I keep getting these sudden…like I’m remembering things I shouldn’t know.”
“Milton?!” Uriel protested, his deep baritone incredulous. “She fell off the grid about six months ago.” He wasn’t going to be blamed for a rogue agent on the loose. “We assumed she was dead.”
He got himself two glasses of water and made his way back to the couch. For a moment he tried to figure out how he could sleep in the overstuffed leather chair, or on the floor, but the beat up couch was too comfortable looking, so he sat back down, fluffed a dusty pillow and lay awkwardly there, pretending to sleep while he lay awake, hyper aware of the warm thigh pressed against his own.
Dean's hand gripped Castiel's hand hard as they rushed after the guards and through a maze of halls out to the royal gardens. People were rushing about in the torchlight, guards hurrying distressed looking couples out of the maze of hedges trees and statues that made up the space. They came to where Charlie was laying on the ground sobbing.
“You have somewhere to stay, sweetie?” Ruby asked coming to sit next to him. Her long black hair shining in the lamplight.
Castiel pushed herself up and it took all of her strength to even raise himself up to a sitting position. She rested against his wooden headboard, finding new bumps scrapes and bruises with each new movement. Her mouth was painfully dry and a quick perusal of the room told her they had left her no water or food. It also revealed her Step Father sitting in the darkened corner of the room glaring at her. She couldn't help her reaction and startled at his presence as if he had just appeared there.
Castiel did what he could each day, obeyed them when he could and each night he thought of all the good he had had when he was a child. How his parents had loved him and how some day he would be free of them and could live his own life the way he chose.
"This just reminded me of that night..." Dean trailed off, fidgeting, uncomfortable in the remembering.
The man raised a skeptical eyebrow, "Seriously Dean, stop with all this nonsense.  Jessica wants you home for the wedding."
He shied away from those memories. He had come up here to feel better about himself, not spark bad memories. If only he had been born a girl. If only he could be like the butterflies and change shape and be a woman. Foolish. Foolish he knew, and yet no matter how many times he tried to put it aside, he just couldn't.
The chuckle that escaped Dean’s lips sounded more like a whimper. Feeling completely helpless under his gaze.
The man licked his lips as well,looking down for a moment as if hiding a small smile, “Well, you can, but it isn’t really the custom is it.”
“Michael, don’t play with me. I know you already know who Dean is and what Lucifer did to his family. If you know where he is you have to help us put him behind bars.”
Cas sat up a little straighter, and held his knees a little tighter to his chest. Dean wondered what his brothers would be like. Were they all blue eyes dark hair and intense gazes too?
A pretty young blond girl was behind the bar, she was looking down at her phone, she quickly typed out something then smiled warmly at him. “Welcome, what can i get ya?”
“You can tell I’m not native, huh?” Dean said with a laugh, tossing back a long swill of beer. “We aren't from here originally, but my uncle met a woman out here and asked me and brother to come help out with the business while they get it off the ground.”
"Sorry to interrupt, I was in Lady Jessica's sitting room and I um... accidentally heard your argument."
"Oh," Sam said, piecing together the story from what Dean had mentioned in the past weeks. "Oh." He said again, "she’s the man that helped you kill those demons in South Bend!"
They stayed like this for a long time, mouths exploring each others, bodies pressed together as the warm water streamed passed them. Finally, mouths getting dry they parted, Dean stepped back finding nothing for his feet to land on and fell back, getting buoyed up by the water.
"I'm here now. You could talk to me," he looks sort of pathetic sitting there, trying to act like a father. Failing at it miserably.
Dean came and lay down beside her, cradling her in his arms. They fell asleep that way, but only for a few minutes. The clock tower chimed out the time not ten minutes later, waking them. It was eleven. They stared into each others eyes as the last bell rang through the air.
The man grunted, but stopped flailing and even gave a feeble kick. Castiel could tell the man was half gone in shock. The cold and the exertion having taken its toll. Best to just think of him as dead weight and get them both to shore already. There was a little eddy just around the next bend, he would just have to pull them to the left bank and then a little back upstream. It was something he'd done a million times, just not usually with the dead weight of a sodden human in his arms. And it wasn't usually January.
“I am not sure why he’s still asleep. I would like to wait a little longer before I try anything drastic,” Cas said.
It was as bad and worse than she feared. Every step she took to keep in line was met with derision and scolding and often a poke, pinch or kick for her trouble. No matter what she did there were always more chores, most of them pointless or redundant. Still every night she climbed the stairs to her tower.
“Not really, just finished typing that story up now that my computer is over it’s case of the Demova’s-” Dean stopped listening.
They menaced nearer, their heads blocking out the morning sun as they came at him. He backed away, a step at a time, gently setting down the eggs next to the well as he kept out of range. Once the eggs were safe he crouched into a defensive position and waited.
"You are normal Cas. Or...no one is. I mean. I think this is your normal," He said in a stumbling rush.
“Doesn’t mean I want to wear your smelly cast offs. Besides your gigantor clothes are hardly going to fit me.”
She found a splash of water left in the pitcher and drank it down instead of using it for a much needed cleaning. Then she turned to her stand mirror and looked herself over.
"More like Cinder-ass, look at the state on his trousers," Gadreel's voice joined Bartholomew's, with a vicious chuckle.
Cas landed in front of Dean and felt oddly off balance as he seemed to sink into the ground.  Before he could interpret Dean's expression (which was the look of someone trying to warn him he later figured out) and the odd roaring sound, he was hit full force from behind. Dean took a couple little steps back so the water only hit the lower part of his calves where his jeans were rolled up. The cold salt water rushed over Castiel's legs up to the tops of his calves, completely soaking the bottom of his trench coat and leaving him confused and oddly exhilarated. Much like the feelings he had for the man standing in front of him, now laughing so hard he was doubled over.
"Do you think that will scare them?" Castiel asked, looking smug and beaming with pride. Before Sam could formulate an answer he heard Dean speak.
His nights were filled with quiet contemplation and a lot of information gathering in the form of inadvertent eavesdropping on all the other residents of the hotel/bar/cafe complex.
"I've just never seen him get anything less than a ‘B’ in any of his classes before." Ruffling papers. So Dean had found his report card. Great.
“Look, I told you, they all argue a lot, and they don’t always pay attention if I am around or not. I didn’t know about uncle.. About Lucifer until you told me, but from what Gabe told me and you and what I’ve overheard over the last couple years I have the feeling at least one of them knows.”
Then he finally looked at him and they stood there awkwardly staring into each other eyes before Dean cleared his throat roughly. "...in fact I have to go talk to the counselor or something stupid. I'll uh, catch up with you two later." He said awkwardly and melted into the crowd of students. Cas felt like he'd been caught in a mini tornado.
The impala kicked into action as soon as her wheel hit the pavement and they sped down the highway as the sun set before them.
"Maybe you are right, political marriage isn't about love. Just convenience. Is she at least attractive to you? Can you see yourselves together for the rest of your lives?"
He knew the family, they had been friends of his parents long ago, but they paid him no mind as they passed by, either not recognizing him or deliberately snubbing him. It was unclear. Just as he was about to move on, the youngest girl, Anna, smiled at him and nodded discreetly. He awkwardly smiled back earning him a sly wink from the redhead before she hurried after her family.
“I was just calling to tell you if room 230 comes down that i did in fact tell then they had a drink on the house.”
This made Cas pause his flailing and he carefully set the remainder of cocoa down on the planks as far from him as he could reach. He then took his sticky hands and grasped Deans firmly, pulling him close.
He popped open the button and slowly opened the zipper, releasing the mounting pressure. Cas caressed his cock with his palm over the jeans before, he pulled the pants off of him and stripped him of his shirt. Then Cas pushed him back and crawled up on the table straddling him. Dean had never been so aroused in his life. Dean could see Castiel's erection through his dress pants. He reached up to undo Cas's pants, not even hesitating to pull them down. Cas stood on the table to dislodge the pants more effectively and decided his shirt had to go at the same time. So Dean found himself prone on a world map table, surrounded by pumpkins with his face on them with a completely naked(and erect) angel standing over him looking glorious. All he'd wanted was a silly afternoon with his brother and his best friend.
He set down his saddle bags, momentarily stunned by the largess around him. His hands reached out as he slowly stepped forward to clutch at each one. Silks and satin, velvet and even gossamer. He had never seen such beauty in all his life. He snatched one of the dresses off the rack, there was a bronze mirror in the center of the wagon and he held the dress up to himself to see what it looked like.
Dean wasn't sure what exactly had set him off back there. Sometimes the angel just ruined everything.  He had been trying to do something fun, they all needed to loosen up after everything that had happened, and he had thought that something innocent like pumpkin carving could be the trick. And then here comes mister 'I don't get it' asking him all the stupid nonsensical questions about why people carved pumpkins. Making something that they could reclaim their childhood into a history lesson.
Dean cleared his throat, trying to hide the stupid grin that threatened to take over his face. Something about his little brother being in love made him stupidly happy. He knew he would never have that, but if he could make sure his brother, and eventually his sister could have that he would rest well at night.
Dean felt his stomach drop, then pushed it aside with anger. He stepped forward to snatch the shorts out of Sam's hand. Sam stepped back holding the shorts out of reach.
Cas nodded. It had taken Dean a long time to finally ask Cas to teach him how to swim, then when he had tried to go to the pool he had chickened out. There was no way he was parading around in shorts in an echo chamber in front of other people. So after refusing to leave the locker room, Cas had offered to take him back to the river. That too had taken some time and convincing, but now here they were. The river wasn't much lower than it had been in January, but it flowed slower than it had, and with this heat, it actually looked inviting. As long as he didn't think about it too much.
Cas frowned. “Well, he didn't really have much time to respond before the Empty took me. I barely had time to push him out of the way.”
He kept backing away from the two cosmic beings fighting it out like WWE wrestlers in the middle of a black nothingness. He took a moment, watching the fight from a distance, to take a deep breath and wipe his eyes.
"I have my ways. Only one thing left I suppose," And he brought down the peddlers wagon wall, revealing a tall stand mirror. The light was now beginning to fade, but it was more than enough to see by.
“Mr. Novak, and forgive my attire, I didn't have time to dress properly,” Cas said, ducking his head.
Sam watched them, but said nothing and they all leaned into the parked impala, listening to the rush of water from the river. Frost glinted off bare branches and blades of grass along the hilly rivers edge. The little turnout they had found was next to a rickety old dock that jutted unevenly out into the rushing water. The highway above them, sporadic with cars on this icy evening. Words seemed to be useless here, so they all drank in silence watching the sun as the sun was turning the horizon and the surface of the water red and orange. Bobby raised his now mostly empty bottle. "To your first day of freedom."
Castiel turned to him, letting his hand cover Dean’s "I understand Dean. He ruined my families lives as well. You have the right to be angry."
A woman entered the bar from the door to the rooms. She caught Abel's eye. Abel winced slightly and set down the glass he was polishing. "Need another?" He asked holding up the whiskey. Sancho nodded and let him pour another. He made it a double.
Dean chuckled out "Wonder of wonders." He looked him up and down, as he often did. "Your coats a bit damp."
"Oh, uh," Dean grunted, still agitated about the whole affair. "Yeah, counselor screwed me over and wouldn't let me finish up the year there. Bobby got me some book on how to take the GED, but... it's a headache to slog through so I haven't done much with it."
“Did I tell you that’s how I found them when I woke up from my surgery?” Sam told Gabe as they turned away.
Bobby nodded. "Be careful, you idjit." He clapped the King on his back and rode back the waiting soldiers to give out orders. Dean motioned for Charlie and Sam dismount, as he unwrapped the dragonslayer.
Someone cleared his throat behind him, he turned to find the bearded figure of Bobby behind him looking stern.
“Look, I know I was an idiot about it, but I didn’t get that he was in love with me all this time. I just thought it was a...guardian angel thing.”
"That you know about," He said pointedly then pulled the flask from his pocket shaking the small amount of liquid around to show him. "But I keep a flask."
Dean looked into his eyes, hoping if he was honest that he was useless that he would let it drop. "Look, the two things. Fix cars and take care of Sammy."
"I'm not just a pretty face," He said, smirking and tapping the side of his head to indicate he was also clever. "I'm not exactly sure of your choice, mind," he shrugged, "but as someone with a little experience with these things," Cas struggled to keep his skepticism off his face. "I doubt you had much choice in the matter. Plus he's smoking hot."
"You don't really like your brothers much do you?" Dean asked as he lit a match and held it under the paper bag.
“Is that your big secret then? Cause I have been sitting here trying to figure out what’s wrong with you…”
She couldn't help that her heart leapt in her chest and that her breath quickened, just the sight of that beautiful face and those sparkling green eyes that instantly connected with hers. He drifted towards her and she to him. Castiel felt like her feet moved of their own volition. Perhaps these silly glass slippers were enchanted.
“That damned card programmer.” She finally gave him some sympathy. “Fine, i’ll give him one on the house. Thanks for the heads up.”
Castiel wasn’t sure if he remembered ever feeling wet sand that slid beneath feet, or the feeling of cold slat water and sea foam lapping against his feet and ankles, abrasive sand beneath his toes. The feel of a rough warm hand in his was even less familiar, and more distracting.
Dean circled around him. "Hi," was all he said. This seemed to confuse Castiel and Dean took it as a good sign. They stood facing each other and the man stepped into his personal space. His face flushed under the make up and looking deeply into his eyes.
Castiel watched the spot for a while, feeling less generous about the man than ever before. He suddenly felt like every decision he had made since meeting the man had been the wrong ones. Sighing, Castiel quickly hurried into the house and up the stairs, thankfully hidden from his family, and waited as the sound of a large entourage galloped towards the manor.
He could almost hear her lips curl into a smile. "Maybe more than just talk, big boy. I'll see you at midnight," and the phone clicked dead.
"Yes," He gulped out, trying to make his voice higher, but it came out as a squeak. She rolled her eyes at him in frustration.
"We have no evidence the dragon got her, all the other girls were found safe and alive in the cave."
“Okay then. See that it doesn’t.” Then he kissed him. Dean started to cry like a little baby, and Cas kissed away his tears as well.
“Dean, give me your keys,” Jimmy was ordering him as they came up to the Nerd Herder. Dean was unsure why they were suddenly hurrying from the club, but he couldn’t get a word in edgewise. This date was becoming a little bizarre.
Cas pulled away gently, letting his now engorged cock flop wetly on his belly. Dean was already moving, scrambling to his feet, to try and calm himself from coming all over the blanket. He pushed Cas up onto the couch, following his earlier lead and pulling off the swimmers tight speedo as he he moved. Cas sat back on the couch and kicked the speedo from his feet gracefully. Dean hardly noticed. Confronted with the man's full and magnificent cock.
Castiel looked at himself in the peddlars mirror, a simple blue gown with a white as snow kerchief for her hair. He looked like his mother, a tear formed in his eyes and her nodded.
Jess finally opens her eyes, her face contorting into a grimace. “Oh god Dean, what are you going to wear?”  Dean looks down at his ridiculous white shirt, gray tie and black pants that are his work attire and shrugs.
Dean moved backwards sliding on the floor holding his hands up in surrender. Just then the shelf the computer was on breaks off the wall crashing to the ground in a pile of parts. They all freeze staring at the wreckage. The ninja looks around as if making a decision,  then flees out an open window.
He had managed to pick the lock sneak out to the kitchen to use the phone (they had removed his when they locked him in his room)and call Ruby without anyone noticing. She had climbed the side of the house to open his window and let him out.
Maybe he wouldn’t go straight to sleep, he might spend a few minutes thinking about what could have happened with the cute receptionist.
And with that he was whisked away by the red beaded man in a baseball cap and the taller than expected, brother Sam. He stared at the closed door for half a minute longer than was necessary, feeling inexplicably bereft.
Maybe it had just been too many years since then, or perhaps it had just been too long since Cas's healing touch...
He fought off the urge to gag, and willed more saliva as he began to bob up and down. Dean moaned and growled, he encouraged with yes’s and keep goings until he had to stop. Dean grabbed up his cock as Castiel let him go, stroking himself.
“Empty and Billie fought for a couple days, but we finally were able to pull them apart long enough to talk the empty into a deal. Now that we were all awake, none of us were going to stay quiet. We agreed to leave the empty so it could go back to sleep and all promised the next time we die we will go straight to sleep when we return.”
Cas followed up with a long finger the slid so easily inside him he didn't realize it had happened at first. He clenched around the digit, feeling the pressure.
“From your own birthday party?” Sam’s eyebrows tried to rise up in to his hair line in his exasperation.
Sam was intently reading on the couch when Dean entered, Jess curled up at his side half asleep in her blue bathrobe. She had the graveyard shift at the hospital and was probably about to go to bed.
"As you wish. Steward, make sure the princess's personal guard are informed of the journey north. Now, let us adjourn this meeting and sit down for Princess Charlie's farewell feast!"
"Let me try," Sam sighed, climbing up as Dean jumped down, looking at his hands. Not so special after all.
Eventually come two in the afternoon Bobby called for a break and they all made their way back to the Roadhouse.
A pair of perfectly polished black boots stood in front of him and he looked up to find a short man in an outfit of navy blue. He had a neat beard, a sarcastic smirk and a twinkle in his eye.
Cas looked down at her dress, then back at her reflection. She was more beautiful than she thought possible. More than she had ever dared dream. There was only one way to answer, though she had an awful feeling in her gut about it.
Dean's steward, Bobby, sat across from him, looking of all things amused. Castiel wasn't sure how to feel, but of all the emotions tumbling through her head, amusement wasn't actually one at the moment. Dread maybe, relief too strangely, excitement, fear, worry, anger...alright, perhaps a bit of amusement thinking about the look on her brothers dumb faces.
Cas squinted after him, recognizing the height and bulk that had to be Sam Winchester, and followed at a distance.
"Hey, family don't end in blood," he lifted the bottle high, with the saying that had become almost their motto. "You two are really all I have left," he added under his breath
Bobby shook his head, "You sure you don't want me to run up there and steal that damned sword?" Dean could see the old man was itching to do just that.
His chambers were immense, bigger than her families entire living area. The furnishings in the first room were ornate and well taken care of, but he hurried past all that and into the second door on the right. This was his bedroom. It was more spare than the other chamber. This room too had a large star on the floor and there were an inordinate amount of weapons hanging from the walls and scattered about the room.
Dean stared down at the papers in front of him, they seemed to retract and then come into focus at intervals. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. More red tape. He tried to let out his pent up breath, but ended up burping loudly. He grabbed up his beer bottle, one of about six on the table, and found it empty.
"Clean up this mess, son. I don't want to slip on pearls when I get home in the morning." And with that they sauntered out of the house, only looking back to laugh at her as she slumped against the railing completely.
“Cas… Thank you.” He managed to get out. He felt a tear streak down one cheek. Castiel reached out and wiped it away.
"It's a Scottish beverage. Charlie... I mean princess Charlotte brought some when she came...It's really…amazing." And he shoved the crystal glass into her hands. There was a finger full of amber liquid in the glass and Castiel downed the thing in one gulp. It burned all the way down, but not unpleasantly. It tasted of oak and peat moss and liquid gold.
What he found when he reached the upstairs hallway, was his brother, shirtless with a towel around his waist standing in the door of the bathroom with said swim trunks, sopping wet, in his hand.
"No one noticed, you looked perfect. Like an angel," Dean insisted, not sure why he was so determined to let him know.  "My angel."
And from there the conversation flowed easily. Somehow Dean managed to get two more “free” drinks into him as they chatted.
“Good Point!” Chimes in Gabriel, popping a gummy bear in his mouth. Dean was certain he had stolen the candy from the display by the registers, but he wasn’t in the mood to fight him about it today. The man could argue logic to a tree, and his headache made him no match for the man today.
Dean didn't even know what he was saying anymore, he knew she hadn't been taken by the dragon, too many had seen her flee. But why had she left so suddenly? He had a sudden sinking thought as to why she had fled.
Cas squinted at him clearly trying to understand what this meant. Dean placed another pumpkin in his arms, making him look ridiculous with his arms curled around the giant orange gourds, and yet he just stood there with them, waiting. Dean just stared at him, trying his hardest not to burst out laughing at the sight.
Dean hadn't been in a tavern for pleasure since before his fathers death, back in the days when he would sneak off on his own. It felt good to push through the crowd, to have people jostle him without fear of touching royalty, of being able to put down coin for a simple ale straight from a communal tap.
Was she just repeating something that Dean had said to her, or was it something else?  If only there was something he could do that would let Dean know he wasn’t one of his brothers, or his uncle. To make him see that he was good.
When that was done they sat, shoulder to shoulder, neither daring to look at the other. At least not when the other was looking at him. Silence dragged out in the tense air.
"See I told you they'd join us!" Meg said when she saw them, hitting Abel in the arm. "Welcome, boys. Care to enter the race? It's a fifty dollar entrance fee. Winner takes the pot."
They continued forward and were ambushed from the side with the sound of flapping wings. Sam was knocked to his knees, and Charlie jumped aside, flattening herself against the damp wall. Dean took an awkward swing with the stone tipped sword, but it simply arced through the air without finding purchase in the beast.
“Me? Why are they after me?” Dean tries to calm himself, but just feels the panic rising. “I’m a Supervisor of the Nerd Herd at a Buy More. Maybe one day I will be assistant manager and I don’t even know if I want the position. You-you know what? That isn’t your problem.” He points out the drivers side window. “But that is.”
Dean spots the vampire he saw at the Large Mart. He was standing next to a food cart Dean honed in on it and realized the metal cover was the perfect size to hide the bomb he had seen.
“Hail Knight of the Woeful Countenance!” Bobby suddenly shouted out. When no one joined him he glared.
The man who was now being attacked by three men and they were rapidly receding out of the stable yard an into the darkened alley behind.
Or at least so she thought before he came asking for it. In fact his request came on the same day as the King's Decree.
The water was ridiculously cold. So cold, his skin seemed to burn as he entered the water. The air in his lungs seemed to be trying to climb out of his chest on impact. He clenched his jaw and came to the surface waiting till his face was all the way out before taking in a breath. He almost thanked his brothers for all the times they had thrown him in the river as a joke, for now, when it counted, he didn't let the water faze him.
“Azazel told Dean that he wanted to make his family suffer, we think that Lucifer might still be trying to mess with the Winchesters. That woman there, has been supplying Sam with drugs for months.”
Castiel's eyes scanned the room around them, his head twisting to take in the spectacle. "What's wrong with that?"
“So he was working with Anna,” Bobby raised his hand gun to get better aim at him. Dean barely noticed.
The sun lay in a long sliver across the makeshift court of gravel sprinkled concrete, broken with long cracks. Dean stood in the slanting light in a plain black tee and well worn jeans, his ever present flannel wrapped around his waist. His hair was cut military short and was spiked with casual perfection, his arms over his head as he let fly a free throw shot that made perfect arc into the empty rimmed basketball hoop.
Castiel disappeared into the fog so suddenly it was as if he flew away. Dean could see the skirts under the cloak as he fled. Something in his chest tried to panic, but he calmed himself. The person he was falling for was like no one he had ever met, and he was in love.
He rocked back on his heels and closed his eyes. It was an old pain, one he tried not to revisit, but sometimes he couldn't help poking at the past. If only his father has lived, and his mother had not been forced to remarry maybe his life would be more bearable. He never could figure out why his step family hated him so much.  Why didn't they like him? He followed orders and tried to be unobtrusive. He wanted to be a good son, in memory of his parents, and even to his step-father.
Dean swallowed, suddenly aware just how close Cas's face was from his own. How close his lips were. Just how deep his blue eyes could go. All he had to do was lean forward...
"Excellent." And he walked away, as he put a foot on the bottom stair he added. "Oh and you both owe me favor. I'll let you know when."
Dean had been right, they were both piled with meats, sausage, pepperoni, salami and ground beef. He led him to the living room, there he found a torn up old velvet couch, dirty red velvet curtains and a random of assortment of dusty vintage furniture. Along one wall was floor to ceiling bookshelves full to the brim with books of every size shape and type.
miles up the road. They also have rooms where you could freshen up," he even pinched his nose to mime that he smelled.
“Request emergency evacuation,” he says to the air as he pulled  Dean after him half running down the street. Dean decides he must be wired up. Jimmy cocks his head to the side and frowns, looking annoyed.
He had to loosen his throat to accommodate his size but managed to suck him all the way down. Dean moaned. Cas moved his tongue around the head, and moved his head up and down. Dean’s hips began to thrust up and down and he tried to keep with the movements. Dean panted and moaned as he licked and sucked and bit him. He couldn’t get enough of him, but Dean grabbed him by the hair and pulled him off.
“Look, I'm going to bet you all your grace he will show up here, covered in blood begging you to come back before you know it.”
Then out of the lights came Sam, but he looked wrong. His face was bruised and his hands were bound. Meg was a half step behind him pushing him forward roughly with her hands. He staggered forward, his hair flopping all over his face, then she gave a mean shove and he took a nose dive for the pavement. Dean dropped the gas pump and made a lunge towards the giant to brace his fall, catching him barely in time to keep his head from the concrete. In the process he ripped the knees out of his jeans in what must have been excruciating pain.
This of course, wasn't their first meeting, though it had been over a year since the last. "Ms. Goodman."
He had watched, helpless as the family heirlooms and assets had all been sold off. All the servants, some from generations of household employees, had all been summarily dismissed. Even the livestock had been cut back to the bare minimum. With each open position the work had all befallen on Castiel.
Cas shook his head, unable to speak as another ugly sob escaped him. Gabriel hunched down beside him, oblivious to the cold water on the dock, he rubbed Castiel's shoulders and arms in some lame attempt to warm him up. The added warmth of his brothers hands made it even harder to hold back the tears, and he just let himself cry for a minute. Gabe stopped touching him and sat down next to him, lending his shoulder for support. Blessedly he kept quiet until Cas was done, and had leaned back to wipe his nose and calm down.
They stood there not looking at each other directly for another thirty seconds (it might as well have been a lifetime).
So he was a bit nervous, but he was also so ready. Cas came back to the bed with the lube, he towered over him and said low and gentle and firm “Turn over.”  Dean did as he was told, Cas’s orders turning him on in a way he’d never experienced, gathering pillows underneath himself and sticking his ass into the air.
They glared at each other and Dean bolts not really picking a direction, just running. The black helicopter was closer now, and Dean could feel the wind off it’s blades. The sound of sirens blaring from far below halts him in his tracks. Images flashed before his eyes again and suddenly it all came together. All the flashes he’d had in the past few days coalescing so that they suddenly formed a clear pattern.
Castiel woke with a start, the television was still on, displaying a blank blue screen where the vhs tape had ended. Paper plates, crumpled napkins, a pizza box with one piece of pizza left inside and several mostly empty beer bottles littered the coffee table. Dean was fast asleep on his side of the couch, thighs together where they lay. The house was still and quiet. In the kitchen he could just make out the stove clock, it read 2:38.
“Anna,” he was relieved, at least he had called in a friend. Anna had been away all summer visiting her older brother in California. He was glad Dean had called her to sort out his feelings. Maybe there was still hope. “How is he?”
Dean felt himself get hot all over then break out into a sweat, his wrist tightening into soreness. Cas wrapped his own hand over Dean's. Dean let them both go, letting Cas take him up. The dark haired man bent over, swallowing up as Dean had just done for him. Dean cried out, as his hot wet mouth devoured him. Castiel had obviously been paying attention. Cas took him all the way in. It was incredible. Dean concentrated on keeping himself from exploding even as the pressure mounted, his arm reached out fro purchase on the table, but all he found was a pumpkin. He held onto it anyway. Nothing could be better than this.
They convince Michael to come with them. They ask him for help, convince him they need him. Do they?
Dean tried to lead the tour but by the third room, Joanna had completely taken over the narrative. She actually knew more of the history of each room, down to where every chair, rug and footstool hailed from. Somehow her litany did nothing to bore Charlie who kept asking questions as if she were tucking each bit of knowledge away for later use. He supposed if they did marry, those details might be crucial information, but he failed to see how they were interesting. Sometimes women’s fascinations confused him greatly.
“It’s going well, they haven’t killed each other yet, but Sam says they are taking it all one day at a time.”
Green eyes flicked up to meet his. Cas thought he was trying to see if Cas was serious, or teasing him. Cas kept his face neutral. Dean nodded, and started towards the house, clapping a hand on Cas's shoulder as he passed him. Cas let himself be led, trying not to be hyper aware of the warm hand on his shoulder. He scooped up his backpack as they went. Bobby was not in the kitchen, but they could hear the tv from the other room, and shifting lights on the curtains. The old screen door, screeched and slammed behind them as they entered the kitchen. Two pizza boxes waited on the tiny 1950's style formica table, giving off the heavenly smell of cheese and pepperoni. Dean pushed him gently towards them.
Then it was all over. The winners were announced, Cas and a handful of others from several different schools were going to the state competition and then people started getting up and filing out of the bleachers. Dean sat there, not wanting to join the crowd of people lining up on the stairs between the bleachers. Anna stood up beside him, looking down.
Gabe smirked, “Just call me your guardian angel. Now seriously, get the hell out of here before anything else happens. The gas is on me by the way.”
Castiel suddenly saw that dug in the dirt was a freshly made pentagram, then he saw in the corner of his eye Dean hiding behind some bushes.
Maybe it was a stupid decision, but for Dean in that moment, it was the only decision to make. He shouted out to Bobby, his eyes searching the river for signs of his brother. That he didn't know how to swim didn't matter, Sammy couldn't either, so he had jumped right in after him.
Dean hadn't forgotten his fascination with Abel either. Every time their paths crossed he would bow low and call him flowery complementary names. Abel mostly thought he was being made fun of and rebuffed him. But he was very insistent. Meg even approached him once to try to get him to cough of some dough in exchange for a night with him and had almost caused a brawl.
Cas looked down at his feet, his little slippers dirty from the walk along the dirt road "Sometimes when I'm up there I think I am a woman."
Dean brightened. “I mean.. We practically are anyway. Might as well make it official. Not sure what kind of wedding I can afford on a mechanics salary, but…”
He talks too loudly about Miracle and god zaps him away too. They have to be careful what the talk about too loudly. God seems to be listening in periodically. If they are going to win they have to use quiet moments that won't blip on his radar.
“Singer, we don’t know how this works, or what triggers the information, or even how it’s possible he can have all that intel in his head. He could crack wide open.”
“Love you, Cousin!” Dean could almost hear her rolling her eyes at him over phone.  Chuckling he hung up.
Why couldn't his plans ever turn out, not even the simple ones that were meant to bring them closer.
Castiel was pulling water from the fountain for the mornings washing, when she heard footsteps behind her. It was Crowley.
What seemed like an easy stroll in the summer, was a treacherous escapade in the winter. A few falls, and a tumbling walk up uneven stairs in the dark got them to their destination. The sign above the door proclaimed "The Crowleys" but the house was definitely closed for the winter. Who else but his nutty family would be by the river in January?
Castiel just furrowed his brow holding his basket of eggs. He wasn't going to back down but pushing past his step brothers would only mean smashed eggs and faces. He squinted his eyes at one then the other wishing the blond bastards would leave him alone.
“Dean Winchester!! I know you’re in there!” Came a loud high pitched voice. Followed by a lower more urgent voice, “Aunt Ellen-”. Dean’s brother Sam.
"Of course Dean, we are here to help all our students, even ones in such," she searched for the right word, "unique, circumstances," Did everything that came out of this woman's mouth sound like it was written by a polite robot?
“Cas if you can hear me, I am coming to get you. I love you.”  He thought as he ran to the Impala. Jodi and Donna and the girls all calling after him.
Since roosters were on his mind, he decided to start his chores with the hen house. The hens clucked at him irritably as he entered, not at all happy with the intrusion. He found a good haul from them, better than any this week, and was whistling when he left the fenced area.
"Oh, well-" Dean tried to protest, but the thought of a hot shower was more than a little enticing. He was still half frozen and covered in mud that was beginning to chafe. The thought of driving another hour in the impala before they got home was a little unbearable.
Dean moved on to the kitchen to give Donna a kiss on the top of her head just so she could call him a flirt, and to distract her enough to steal a piece of chocolate from the s'more making station she was assembling.
Meg stood next to Abel, they looked ridiculous as he was almost twice her height. Still clear who was in charge. She was holding a little checked flag and laughing at her own jokes. Abel just looked impatient.
She had dreamed of this for so long had seen it done in back alleys by prostitutes on paying men. But the feel of an actual cock in her mouth was more than she could have imagined. Her own dick was hard, almost throbbing after Dean's work, but somehow she felt herself grow harder as she worked on him. Dean was calling her names and pulling off her skirt (not an easy task with her erection in the way) and they panted and moaned together. She felt him peaking, and pulled off of him as he had her.
Lights disturbing the dark ahead warned them of approaching civilization. It was none too soon as the ancient car was on E.
The peddler was right, she would never be recognized now. It was more than she had even let herself dream. She didn't even recognize herself. None of her clumsy ministrations with her mothers cracked and crumbling cosmetics had ever gotten her to look like this. Not even with Meg and Ruby’s help has she ever looked so close to what she had always wanted for herself.
The man inclined her head, and as Castiel stepped forward he announced in a thunderous voice that filled the air. "Miss Anna of Haven." As Castiel walked out to the grand stair landing every head looked up. Cas had never had anyones attention, let alone hundreds of eyes on him. He flushed under the gazes, feeling paralyzed, but something inside him refused to run away. Despite every fiber of him wanting to do just that. He forced her glass slippered feet forward, taking the steps carefully and surely. He had ascended the stairs to her tower attic a thousand times, this was no different. He wasn't going to fall, he wasn't going to embarrass himself. Herself. For he wasn't the serving boy Castiel, today she was Anna of Haven, like her mother. She didn't need her step fathers name or titles. She would find her own life away from them. Maybe she would meet her mysterious Dean and they could dance until dawn like they did in the stories she read by the hearth each night.
He closed his eyes for a moment, then levered himself off of the car. He looked ready to go back into the house. Then he was right in front of her, looking down, eyes black blown and staring straight into her.
Michael pulled up the website, and showed them the blog posts, there weren’t many, but there were a few pictures. Cas recognized one of the other people in one.
He had seen the man run by him from his perch in a tree where he had decided to eat his lunch of a couple hard boiled eggs. Grace had been busy munching some of the grass in the clearing and he had just been minding his own business grateful to be out from under his step family. The man had calmly crossed the clearing over, his sword ready and looking like a stalking cat when the boar had broken through the underbrush. He had witnessed the first pass and then the one where the foul beast had actually grazed his leg without the man getting even close to him. The man fought beautifully, it could have been a dance. But as soon as he had seen the hit he had dropped his lunch to the forest floor and jumped onto Grace without even bothering to re-saddle her. He had gotten there just in time. Surely the mans injuries could have been worse, if not deadly had he let the creature rend him.
“Don Quixote de La Mancha, having proven yourself this day in terrible and glorious combat,” he struck a soft blow to one shoulder then lifted the blade up over Don Quixote’s other shoulder, “I hear-by dub thee, Knight.” And the blade landed on the other shoulder completing the ritual.
"I didn't let myself think, Dad had taught me what to do in almost any combat situation. I took the opportunity that my dad had given me and I ran out of the room and upstairs. For that one minute I forget my brother was still in the house. I ran and got out the only weapon I knew in the house, an antique Colt Bobby kept in his office. I grabbed it off his wall and the box of bullets off the shelf and I loaded as many as I could while running back out in the hall.”
The next two weeks fell into a routine. Everyday they would rise and head down to Bobby's shop and work on the car. Sancho became the manservant rushing from cafe and bar to deliver food and drinks and occasionally assist with tool getting and heavy lifting. The latter task he found unnaturally easy and had to keep himself from lifting the car with one hand even though he was able. He kept these things to himself not wanting to alarm the skittish man with a screw loose.
But Dean had apparently only been waiting for the invitation. “After you,” he said, his eyes bright and intense. Cas crossed the threshold and turned around to pull Dean inside and shut the door.
“What do you want, Dean?” She asked impatiently. As if she had anything better to do. He knew for a fact she only had two customers.
There was a long pause "Meet me ‘you know where’ with ‘you know what' and we'll talk." She made it all sound hesitant as if it might NOT happen.
It took three tries, a lot of grunting and some sort of divine intervention, but he did manage to get them both to their feet. It was the most undignified thing Castiel had ever had to do, but it had worked.
"Dean?" A voice called out from somewhere, making Cas miss his shot spectacularly. Feeling like he'd been caught doing something he shouldn't be doing. An older man, short beard and a ratty looking trucker hat on his head came around the corner. He stopped when he spotted them. "Oh, I didn't realize you had company," Then he seemed to recognize him. "Wait, Castiel?"
Moments later he finds himself sitting on his bed while Jess rifled through his closet making tsking noises. “Hold on,” she sighed out marching out of his room and down the hall. Dean frowned, but didn’t move. He knows better not to quibble when Jess starts to mother him. She was practically family, Sam and her had been dating for years and he had learned not to piss her off when she was on a mission.
"This is a classic car,  Sir Knight." He bled sarcasm. "And like I said I don't have any help. Also there is the matter of cost."
The ninja, ninja style, simply swept his legs out from under him sending him crashing to the ground. In the same movement the figure swooped up the computer, placing it high on a wall shelf. Yelling out “That’s my friend,” Chuck comes at the him, or her, with a golf club raised high. The ninja takes the club from him easily and starts winging it with deadly precision. Chuck backs himself away into the wall. “Well he’s not that good of a friend.” He admitted flinching.
Castiel made a little noise of approval, as he came up behind him.  He kneeled there, placing his warm hands on his ass, spreading him open.  Dean nearly lost his mind and he felt a warm wet tongue on his hole.
“But I can fix it.” Jimmy intoned, before he could continue. Damn right he could fix it. And without a stupid Hunter doing wet work. This mission required subtlety not the blunt instrument of death.  “If there is a back-up, I will find it. Just give me twelve hours.” And he hung up the phone before Uriel could protest, and got out of his car marching once more in the the electronics super store.
"Why would you think I would see her?" Bobby said, looking spooked. Dean knew full well that the old man liked his widowed step mother and found any and every excuse to be in her path. Dean wasn't below matchmaking. He was getting kind of good at it actually.
She nodded and rushed down the little suspended stair and into the stable yard. Castiel hurried to the kitchen door, past the now cold hearth and up to the attic stairs. Early morning light filtered through the boarded up windows and the ever present draft swirled up her bare legs.
Still he managed to get his companion half way out of the water and his arm out from under the idiot in only a few tortuous minutes. They both lay there coughing for an interminable minute. Castiel managed to turn him so he could cough the water out of his lungs. They both lay there, panting, Castiel's arm around him as they both breathed in and out heavily. Once the man's breath slowed to a more normal pace Castiel pushed himself up and sat, knees to his chest, forehead pressed into his bare knees, muddy, exhausted and freezing. He sat there for a moment running his shaking icy hands through his hair. He looked down at the man, he was breathing heavy, but less so, his eyes popped open like a dead fish. Everything had a pale unearthly glow since the stars and a bare sliver of moon were the only light source out here.
So, perhaps then it was the purest bad luck that pulled him back into the raging current, or perhaps god had taken his bargain. He made a grab at Sam's leg, but his fingers were too numb to find purchase. Certainly the last thing Dean thought before the current pulled him out of sight of his brother, was at least it's me and not him.
Castiel didn’t know why he said it, but he blurted out"I have a swim meet this weekend, Saturday at 11. Would...could you come?” And then he kept rambling, “My brothers are out of town and I don't really know anyone else here, other than Anna. She's already said she'll be there..."
“What are you going to do to me?” Dean asks, looking at his hands instead of worrying about his worthiness. “What happens now?”
He told her the plan and they went around to the gardens, stepping over another pentagram, and went to the place in the wall Crowley had mentioned in the letter.
"Well you’re a dummy," Castiel looked up at him, finding he was all smiles. Dean kissed her. "Now, lets go meet this peddler of yours and teach him a lesson. I have an idea."
And what did this all mean for him now? He didn’t want to be whisked away to live as a human computer in a cell. He certainly couldn’t put Sam or Chuck or even Captain Awesome in danger. One thing was for sure. If he was going to live to see another day, then he sure as hell should stop wasting it.
Having already mapped her route she hops to lower and lower roofs till she can safely land on the ground. Letting her legs take the impact.
It was amazing how fast the feelings hit him. Like a punch in the gut. Just thinking about his father now brought back the terrible image of him laying on the floor. Dean clenched his hands around the edge of the table, his jaw locking into place. "He-he died." Those were not tears in his eyes. How had the conversation gone to jokes about eating to talking about his father?
Castiel was glad he wasn't expected to sing, as he didn't think a sound would have passed his lips under the lights. But as the music came to the tune, he opened his lips and a woman's voice sang out.
He looked back over his shoulder towards the street with the bawdy tavern. Then he started walking, slowing down when Dean didn't come. Taking the hint he walked up beside him and they walked along in silence. Dean could tell he was struggling to say something.
“Can’t we use the elevator?” Dean asked, the thought of running up twenty flights of stairs being a bit dubious. He wasn’t in that good of shape.
Fridays often became pizza and movies night withs Saturdays alternating between swim meets, basketball and Cas watching while Dean fixed up cars.
“I could help you out with that.” This voice from the blue turned out to be from Meg who sidled up out of nowhere with her perpetually smug grin.
Arms were suddenly around him and pulling him sideways. They broke to the surface of the water and Dean choked in a breath that was amazingly free of water. He instinctively held onto Cas, his arm reaching up around his shoulder. Cas held him, his strong arms firm, but not too tight. After a moment Dean realized what he was doing and tried to pull away, but Cas's arms tightened to keep him in place.
Cas stroked his ass and hips then slowly moved his finger in and out. Dean again willed himself to relax, breathing slowly in and out. He let his cock go and braced himself against the bed. Cas moved his finger in and out then added another finger. Slower, more lube. Dean breathed, feeling like he might explode.  Cas went slowly, carefully.
He knows the verdict before he even lays it out in front of Ash, the Buy More’s computer genius, and his best friend Gabriel, the resident trickster. Dean never-the-less hopes against hope they can do something. Ash looks up from his laptop hooked to the hard drive and shakes his head sadly.
"Who are you?" he finally asked, not sure what he wanted from the man, but knowing he didn't want him to leave.
Cas felt his cheeks heat. Idiot, bringing up the trauma of almost drowning. "It's really much nicer in the summer. Not as cold and much slower running. You can practically just swim right by the house and it doesn't really pull you downstream."
"Oh." Was all he could muster. He then unwrapped his legs from around him and set them down, finding slimy, silty ground beneath his feet. He then let his arms go from around Cas, though he did have to hold his shoulders to steady himself against the slight current. "Oh." He said again, blushing.
Gabe, for all his bluster and teasing-he kept calling Dean his boyfriend- still managed to take care of him relatively well. Cas found himself under a mountain of blankets clutching a hot water bottle on the short drive home. Within the hour he had bathed and changed into extra layers of sweat clothes and was surrounded by three cups of hot steaming liquids as Gabe chattered at him about some girls he was dating while he sipped his own cup of hot chocolate. Cas could have cared less, but the tone of his brothers voice was soothing when he managed to tune it out.
Large Mart was large, to say the least. It was at least twice the size of Buy More and packed with everything from jumbo sized packs of almonds, to lawn mowers and the latest best selling novels. Dean walked up the cavernous aisles trying to figure out where in the hell the locks would be kept. He spotted another person (he hadn’t seen any since he passed the door greeter) and decided to ask if he might know.
Something about the way he said it made Cas wonder if he could read his deepest secrets. He doubted it, but he wanted to believe, "I don't have any money." He wasn't so good at believing anymore.
Castiel nodded, grabbing up his bags and almost falling out of the wagon without using the short little stairs. They were now in the main square market, and the bright little wagon had already attracted a little crowd of ladies who had just heard news of the ball.
He looked up and their eyes locked once more like they had that day in the forest. Dean wasn't exactly sure why he did it but he leaned forward and kissed him.
Sancho Panza, or whoever the hell he really was for at this moment his resolve to be Don Quixote's companion was wavering slightly, wondered
"Join us at our meal, you are welcome. This is my stalwart companion, Sancho Panza, my squire." He nodded in greeting. Sancho nodded back, wary, but getting a good vibe from the man none the less.
"Deal." Dean smirked and held out his hand. Cas gave it a hearty shake. Castiel wasn't certain, but he thought that maybe he had just made a friend. At least he hoped so. Something about Dean made him want to get to know him.
When he gets out of the shower and dressed in the clothes Jess chose, Sam is waiting for him with a bouquet of flowers. “They’re leftover from the Party. And don’t forget, no talk about ex-partners.”
Sam visibly relaxed and made his way up the stairs without a sound. Cas spent the rest of the night wondering whether to tell Dean what he had seen.
Dean's eyes betrayed him, the visage of Cas’s tear filled eyes swimming in front of him. Jack spoke for him as he wiped his face dragging his whole hand down across his eyes.
Dean stalked forward but when he stood within a few feet of her and saw just how happy she was, he couldn't be angry anymore. Without a word he stepped forward and gave her a hug. She froze for a second then embraced him back.
"Well actually..." Dean started but then the man's horse moved a step forward and he finally saw his face. Perhaps more to the point their eyes connected.
So when he came to the main gates he took a left into the seedier district of town. The gates were actually more metaphorical than practical, mostly consisting of a shed for the guards and large wooden post and lintel with the towns motto carved into it. There were also curious burn marks in a few places as if some markings on the pillars had been charred off. He didn't pay this much mind as he was nodded inside by the lazy guard nodding off by the shed's door.
"Dean," Cas said, his voice gruff and commanding. "You. Almost. Drown. I need to know if being in the water is going to trigger any fears. I don't want to have to rescue you if I can prevent it. The whole point of me teaching you to swim is to help you face this fear. Now we will do this my way, or we can go back inside and order a pizza."
Anna turned back to him, "They aren't your family Castiel. They aren't looking out for you. All they care about is power."
“Sam,” Dean held up his hand to forstall him. “I got this. I already promised Cas I would take care of him.”
When Castiel spotted the familiar long red hair he almost turned on his heel and walked back out of the school. No. He berated himself. He couldn't avoid her forever, he knew she would be here. The confrontation could have waited till he had been there more than five minutes, however.
So now she found herself clutching a scornful missive from the peddler and rushing through the castle at night in an attempt to make it right.
Cas looked at the floor. “You are my family. And Dad says he’s back to stay, I’ll have time to...be around him later. Right now I need to be here with you.” Dean felt something loosen in his chest. “Oh, Dad said you and Bobby and Sam are invited to the lake house for Christmas Dinner.”
It was more than a little disconcerting to have your brother staring at you from a hundred different directions. Castiel had even managed to get candles and light each of them making the room glow and flicker and giving off the pleasant though overwhelming scent of warmed raw pumpkin.
Tears welled up in Castiel's eyes. "I would like that," he said simply, looking away, visibly trying to master his tears with a few sniffs, and a tightening of his grip on Dean's arms.
The Empty’s  lips curled into a smile of victory as Cas and Billie stood there before it. It's prey caught. But the smile soon faded to a frown as the loud hum rose in volume around them.
Sancho looked at the cash and walked into the convenience store. The sales clerk, a middle aged man with golden hair pulled back in a ponytail glanced at him as he entered then went back to watching what looked like porn on his monitor.
"It isn't that type of issue, Sam," Dean said sharply, Charlie and Jess looked over at them, concerned. Dean leaned in with a quieter tone. "It's nothing."
They went home to the Bunker. Jack told them he’d first noticed sucking up the plants in the silo. He was worried.
The vampire looked him up and down, finding him lacking, “What do you want?” Dean noticed his teeth were gone, leaving the normal set beneath. But he was still a vampire, Dean was sure of it.
The most gorgeous man he had ever seen was in the drivers seat. His carved face was freckled and sun burnt, stubble threatening to be a full blown beard, clothes covered in road dust.  But he was beautiful.
"Hello," Cas said, straightening from his crouch and standing so straight and still you'd have thought he was standing at attention like a soldier. "How are you Bobby?"
The rest of the summer went by quickly. Whenever they could Dean and Cas would skulk down the river, when they couldn't they would find other reasons to be together. They became regulars at the Harvelle’s diner with the greasiest burgers and the best milkshakes in town. It took awhile longer to find a place to explore each other further, and most nights they just ended up in the back seat of the Impala.
Cas felt his body pulse and his eyes lit up under the power surge hitting his grace. He didn’t know why, but he knew it was time to make their move. He relayed messages to all the hosts of angels, he even convinced the demons to help with the noise levels when they would need a boost.
"I'll help you." Meg said, looking put upon. But with surprising ease and swiftness she had the wig, fake jewelry and dress off her.
“Dean,” he said, shaking his outstretched hand with a firm sure hand. Cas felt his skin prickle with the touch.
Castiel seemed to realize the same thing, and pulled away breaking the kiss. "I don't- I mean, I don't have to wear a dress. I just-"
Dean felt like the man was talking in riddles and it was making hims tetchy. "Sam, what? Of course- he's..." but then he realized he didn't really know. After his tryst with Anna, he had gone straight to the shower then to bed, hating himself, Anna, Castiel and the world all at the same time.
The assembled group, their friends and family, The wayward sisters, Charlie and Stevie and Bobby from the other world. Max Banes and a handful of hunters from the old days. It was practically a reunion. There would be some folks sleeping in the floor of the library that night.
Three acts and several beers in, he was trying to politely disengage with another man asking after him. He was trying not to be forceful, but this one was being particularly insistent.
Ellen stepped back, at first looking ready to fight, but then back down. “I’ll be in the kitchen for a few minutes.”
Castiel nodded, falling back into the role of pretty maiden at the ball. Dean didn't lead him out to the gardens as he expected, but down a side hall. Two guards stood at the ready to tell guests to stay in the main hall.
He needn't have worried though, Castiel and Dean were too far into each other to take notice of him.
After awhile Castiel had acquired enough coin to purchase some used, but serviceable day clothes, and at night they dressed him up in ballgowns of every color.
Gabe gave Dean a speculative look. “There’s nothing wrong with him. He just doesn’t want to face reality yet.”
"He," the troublesome man emphasized the pronoun, "is the first born of my late wife from a previous marriage. He is not my son."
"I did not realize that some spirits adhered to the Gregorian calendar." Cas mused.  Sam seemed to laugh without meaning too.  Cas didn't respond, merely continued to look at the untouched pumpkin before him. Surely it wasn't that simple. "Will three pumpkins be sufficient to keep these errant spirits outside?"
Dean looked over at Cas. "It wouldn't be the first time." He raised the dragonslayer to do just that, but Crowley held up a hand.
Cas smiled crookedly at him and held out his arm for his to take. They laughed and he took his ladies arm in his and they walked slowly along. As they came down a long parkway, the street wasn't busy, but there were a few other couples arm and arm and a band of men, obviously drunk and heading back to whatever riverboat they came from.
"Bobby, I love you like an uncle, but if you ever say anything like that about John again, I will-" The last time Sam had heard that tone in Dean's voice he had shot a man in the head. It sent a shiver up his spine and he sat down on the stair clutching the railing as memories seemed to flash before his eyes.
He started to run. When he had been here before, his footsteps had echoed waking the cosmic “empty” from their slumber. Now it made not a tick of difference as if combined with a thousand, no, a million other footsteps in the dark.
"It wasn't this clean when we were here, was it?" Dean asked, looking into the room with suspicion. "Are you sure Crowley hasn't been back?"
"Not yet. I want you first to feel the water. Notice the temperature and how it feels on your skin. Now I want you to imagine being in it."
Cas didn’t remember falling back to sleep, but at some point he must have for he was now curled up against Dean like a sleeping cat.
His hands deftly untied the stays of her dress, and as hard as it had gone on, it fell away from her easily. He unhooked the corset and set her ribs free then he turned her around to kiss her. He leaned her back into the softest bed she had ever lain on, it felt like it was made of a mountain of feathers. She could see his erection through his hose, and felt her own response beneath her underskirts. Her breath ragged as he straddled her.
"You guys said they came to the house, why aren’t they here?" Cas exclaimed, almost dropping his blanket as he rushed over to them.
The man looked down at his daughter in utter defeat. The girl looked up at him with frown. “Mom’s gonna kill me,” he breathes, clenching the girls shoulders. Dean steals a look at Jimmy who had his head cocked to the side and a little frown in the corner of his mouth. He noticed Dean looking at him and his frown flashed into a small smile. It gave Dean confidence and he sprang into action..
“So, umm, hey i was thinking about something you said a long time ago.” The spell broken, Cas let go of his arm and Dean pulled it out of the stream. “Would you, maybe, teach me to swim?”
"Well I have my work cut out for me here. And I'm the only mechanic for a few hundred miles," he grumbled.
He had at first taken on the tasks gladly, wanting to prove himself to his step-father. Willing to do anything to keep up the family manor and his family’s good name intact. Some items he managed to save from the purge, like the stash under the floorboards and a few other items squirreled away around the house, like the books in the kitchen. It hadn't been enough. He had become less than an indentured servant in his own house and his family, instead of being grateful or offering to help had decided instead to take up their extravagant ways once more. Mounting new debts and heaping more and more onto his shoulders daily.
"That we can do. Sancho, give the man what cash we have left for a down payment. I have work to do!"
Castiel felt the blood drain from his face. Zachariah would surely beat him for this. "Please, don't-"
“A contest of speed, young squire. It’s just the kind of activity we need to prove ourselves ready before we head off to triumph over evil," Don Quixote told him, slapping him on the shoulder. “Come let us enter the ring and throw down our gauntlet.”
At night after the chores of the day she stared up at the ceiling reliving Dean's touch. Even if that one night was all he ever had, it had all been worth it. No matter what the peddler might ask of him.
Dimly she recalled kicks to his legs, and a cuff across her ears for insolence when they had returned his home. No, not home, to the manor house. This was no longer her home.
Dean felt the roar leave his throat as he pushed himself out of the dirt. A short man laughed at him and kicked him as he tried. "Stay down, pervert. Keep your queer hands off our brother."
He held up his hands like a supplicant to take the hot chocolate and Dean carefully handed it over so it wouldn't spill. Lowering himself to the wood planks next to the blanketed man he sighed.
Dam looked away, nodding. "Cool. Umm, good luck with the swim lessons," and he patted him on the back awkwardly and walked away.
Cas felt his heart skip a beat under his green eyed gaze. He almost wished he had been making it up.
"Sam said to carve the thing that would scare away spirits into the pumpkins. I couldn't think of anything a ghost would find scarier than a Winchester."
Cas woke with Dean staring down at him. “I thought you didn’t sleep.” A smile played along his lips.
‘The Empty agreed, but on some conditions. One Billie and I weren’t allowed back, we both promised to give up our grace so we couldn’t return.”
Micheal, the eldest and the one that looked the most like Castiel, got everything in order quickly after that. Soon Dean found himself clothed, full of hot cocoa from a thermos, sitting under a flashlight while Michael cleaned and bandaged his wound. Gabriel, obviously bored with nothing to do, kept refilling his cup, insisting the sugar would help with the hypothermia. Dean was also sure the whiskey in it wouldn't hurt.
Crowley smirked and held out his hand for the dress. Castiel blushed relinquishing the garment. Crowley raised an eyebrow as he turned to the rack.
The night was cold, or maybe he just still hadn't warmed up. It had been almost week since he had fallen into the river and he found that he just wasn't quite able to stay warm. He also wasn't sleeping, but that was hardly new. He had been on high alert for so long it seemed like a normal state of being. What was new, were the dreams. Dreams of drowning, dreams of extreme cold. And dreams of a blue eyed man bringing warmth and light back to him. Some part of him was now associating being warm with that man. With Castiel.
Dean groaned out, “add another.” He wanted him to fill him up. Cas acquiesced, adding a third finger and increasing the pace, he leaned into him. Cas leaned down and bit his ass cheek, not too hard but enough to make him clench around his fingers, maintaining the rhythm all the while. This distraction made Dean let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding and he returned to relaxing, opening.
Cas watched as the Empty emerged from the wall, using his angelic reflexes to push Dean out of the way. But he felt happy. As happy as he had been in recent memory. As sure of himself as he had ever been as a Garrison angel, but with this extra feeling. This love.
The officer rolled his eyes. "You're not?" He lifted his head to smirk over his shoulder at the other officers standing around their cars.
Cas hesitated. Before he found the words Abel was nodding. "You know what the real difference between you and me is? When I woke up with no memory I tried to find a purpose in the place I was in. Look at you, you're a mess. You wake up with no memory and you seek out a delusion of truth to fulfill some ideal that no one could possibly live up to. You're pathetic."
The bar wasn't even open yet, but Ellen and Jo were loading fridges and prepping appetizers for the evening crowd.
Dean turned from the window to look at his brother, all puppy dog sad with concern. He blinked back some tears that were threatening. "After all that has happened, all I wanted was to find her still here." Dean felt the tears starting to threaten.
Bobby turned the car on, AC/DC was playing and they hovered around the headlights humming along. Dean started singing along, his voice a little out of tune and hoarse, but there was soul behind it. One song turned into five, one beer turned into six. Bobby passed out in the front seat, his legs sticking out of the open door. At some point the brothers barriers broke down enough that they were pushing each other around. Perhaps it was the beer, since they were both unused to the effects of alcohol. Perhaps it was just the need to test their boundaries with each other again, but somehow they got into a pretty intense shoving match.
So Castiel stayed the night at the Cat and Rooster tavern. Meg and Ruby fawned over him, teaching him how to apply make up and arranging his hair and wigs.
They both looked at him like he was simple, but sighed. "As long as ye know all the words, me lor-lady."
They saw the blinking lights a few miles before they got to the road block. Don Quixote didn't slow until they were almost right on top of them.
He stalked across the debris littered concrete floor, Sam saw him coming, and looked stricken, and tried to back away. The black haired girl stood and taking one look at the murderous look on Dean's face, bolted. Dean barely noticed as he crashed into his brother grabbing him by the t-shirt and slamming him into the wall. He grunted on the impact, his eyes wild.
Someone cleared there throat and they both whirled towards the door. Charlie stood there looking nervous. "Your Majesty's."
“Jimmy! You aren’t even looking where you’re going!” Jimmy kept his eyes forward and two more cars swerve around them. The van was gaining. “What is happening? Who are these guys and why are they chasing you?” The van hits the bumper, sending Dean lurching into his seat belt. “I’m going to die!” He realized aloud.
Dean let out a soft groan returning the pressure. Then he pulled back, sliding his hands to his pants and unzipping them. The release of pressure was amazing. Cas lifted his hips to help Dean remove his pants. Before Cas knew what he was doing, Dean leaned over him and took his cock up in his mouth.
Dean had been so insulted he had sulked all the next day and hadn't gone to the garage to work on baby.
"You don't have to do this, you know," Bobby grumbled, dipping his pen into the inkwell and tapping the nib on the edge to dispel the excess.
“I only...I think I wanted to punish myself as much as you. I convinced myself in the moment that it was me acting gay that had allowed all this to happen.  That it was prison that had changed me and if I just went back to liking girls...I don’t know Cas. It was really stupid and really fast and I sent her home, telling her it was a mistake. Which I think made things worse. Cause now I’ve not only lost a friends, but I probably ruined what we have-”
Cas looked up at him startled. Dean gave it a little squeeze and they sat like that for awhile as the road flew by.
Cas nodded sharply and exited the Impala, closing the door meekly so it didn't slam shut. He didn't glance at the car as it pulled away from him, until he was almost out of sight down the driveway. His heart rending in two, he started to strip, his t-shirt and his pants as he marched down to the dock. It wasn't that warm, fall was starting to settle in, but it wasn't frigid like it had been that night in January. Spring was a fickle time of year. He ignored the cold as he kicked his pants off his feet, standing there in his boxers. He took to running and made a less than perfect dive into the cold, cold river.
“Wait, what about my brother?” Dean asks, suddenly alert and on his feet. He steps between the two agents.
Cas pushed himself forward kneeling in front of his broken knight. They knelt knee to knee lips moving smoothly in a rhythm of urgency and need. Cas pushed his hand up under Dean’s army green t-shirt, sliding his hands up his belly and ribcage. Dean gasped at the touch and shivered as they pulled his shirt over his head. He then set to removing Cas’s clothes, removing trench and suit jacket in one forceful motion that sent Cas sprawling back into the overstuffed armchair. Dean leaned into his bent over body, their cocks coming together and revealing just how turned on they both were.
"My point is, men are dicks. And Dean Winchester is a complicated fellow. That being said, if he hurt you, he's not worth it."
“Dean, Dude left his card!” Chuck held up the business card with a goofy grin on his face. Dean tried to ignore soaring feeling that seemed to carry him away.
"My brothers don't keep liquor in the house," Cas said, his eyes flicking up to the cabin on the hill where the festivities were still taking place.
Outside in the hall Sam stared after Dean, listening to his own words echo in his head. "What are brothers for?"
Dean started to shake his head and it became violent and uncontrollable. He stood up and they both stepped back from him. “No,” His voice cracked and though he wanted to shout it didn't seem right in this new empty world. The one with not a soul in sight. “No, i didn't get to say much of anything.. I didn’t know what he was talking about until…” the image of the black goo of the empty coming at them flashed in his mind. “He was gone. I never thought… I didn’t know that an angel could feel that way. I always thought he was…” out of reach.  He couldn’t say the words.
"Welcome to my Kingdom, Princess Charlotte." Dean extended his hand and she walked up the stairs where they waited.
Agent Novak and Agent Singer square off in the courtyard of the hotel while Dean sits himself down wearily on the fountain edge, having been shuffled out of the ballroom by the clean-up crew.
Jimmy halted, his mind visibly working. Then he shrugs, “Why not?” He hurries them into the lift, pressing the key for the top floor.
"I don't need Sam at every hunt, Bobby. I need him here, safe and with his love. One of us has to live the good life." He added wistfully as he watched his sister charm his bride to be better than he could.
Dean realized that Cas had fallen behind, turning around he saw Cas's steps slowing as they approached the driveway to his home.
Cas closed his eyes, taking this all in. Breathing deep in and out, like he did before a dive. "I'm not sure he meant to hurt me," He managed to say, between breaths.
"Here," Dean slung the bottle of amber at Sam, his breath making fog in the chill air. Sam caught it with ease, looking down at the beer with apparent skepticism. He glanced to Bobby to make sure that it was alright.
"Do you want some ...ummm wine? Whiskey?" Dean asked, holding up glass bottles on a counter in the corner.
"And there will be no new favors asked of me for this?"  Castiel asked, hearing a horn blowing in the distance.
He steered the horse towards the street where the demons had attacked and then further up the street towards the bright lights of a tavern tucked away from the other tavern rows that littered the little river town.  He felt his stomach tie into a knot but forced himself to take his mount around the back to the small stables.
“Dean, i told you before i can’t bring you beers while your on duty,” Was Jo’s reply before he even said hello.
Dean nodded, looking down at her hand in confusion. She let her hand drop, but didn't give him a chance to speak.
"I don't suppose it's any use asking how you ended up way out here?" The knight errant asked, casual as you please.
"I won't have a nancy boy as a son. Do you hear me? Breakfast better be on the table first thing. I don't care if you got no sleep."
Dean lifted his hips to meet him and Cas rolled his shoulders forward so he could take him down his throat.
"Balls!" Came a voice from inside the structure. Exchanging a look they opened the door and went inside. Despite all outward appearances the garage itself seemed well kept. The Impala sat on risers while a man's legs stuck out from under her.
The peddler smiled like a snake. "I guarantee when I'm done with you, they wont recognize you. Besides I very much doubt that is what you wanted to wear anyway."
He moved his arms and kicked his feet and kept himself together, punching out to the black surface of the water and taking in another controlled breath. Turning in a quick circle while he tread water to orient himself as the river pulled him along. As he left the weak yellow light of his dock he was plunged into darkness, so he heard more than saw the feebly splashing figure to his left. He ducked his head and crawled towards the drowning man. He was on him in a just a few strokes. Water safety classes came to the fore of his mind and he got an arm around the man's chest and hauled him onto his back so his head was out of the water.
“You’ve lost your mind now too?” Jo asked Abel, astonished he was actually agreeing with the crazy man.
"Good blacksmith! How goes the shoeing or our steed?" Don Quixote intoned with a boisterous tone as they entered.
"Well, nothing for it then," and he climbed up on the boulder and gripping the handle tight pulled with all his strength.
“Look, I can’t help you. I just fix computers, I’m not one myself! Call Anna, she’s one of you, she’s the one that can save the day!”
“Cas, bro, brother. Friend. That boy does nothing but talk about you, think about you, pray about you and stare at you. If he isn’t in love with you then I am not an archangel.”
“I remember when I met Jo…” The girl was looking around as if trying to escape, barely listening to him. Dean wasn’t actually paying attention to her either, lost as he was in his own private reverie. “Back then Jo, Anna and I we were inseparable…”
Dean looked away, Cas could see a tear in his eye. Cas reached out to his stubble ridden face, pulling him back to him. Words were useless. He kissed him.
Dean felt his chest tighten and he waited with baited breath as the music came around and Castiel started to sing. Or pretend to sing as whoever was back stage. Dean didn't care, his mind fully taking in the spectacle.
They both stepped forward and gave him a surrounding hug. “It will all work out Dean, that angel always comes back to you.”
“Hush, Sam. There’s no excuse for this-” this Ellen growled at Sam, then went back to yelling out “Dean get your ass out here.”
Dean looked away, the light from the street lamp catching his perfectly green iris as he stared out the window.
Tires spun madly kicking up sand and gravel as they all peeled out into the night. Cheers erupted from the crowd and Don Quixote and Sancho kicked into high gear into the dark landscape, a few faint lights there only goal.
“Well, Cas, it is my job to make your stay comfortable and so far i don’t think i’ve done that great of a job.”  He grabbed a set of keys from the counter. “Let’s get you in your room.” And he came around the counter grabbing Cas’s rolling suitcase as he walked by. His shoulder brushing against Cas’s on the way.
He didn't have long to wait. Lights flashed outside and the sounds of vehicles pulling up greeted them. Boots clopped onto the wooden steps and up onto the porch within minutes. Dean and Cas just stared at each other, waiting. Eyes locked as if it were a staring contest. Three men in their twenties piled into the room carrying a duffel bag, a Thermos and flashlights. The shortest blond one waltzed into the room and actually struck a pose.
Cas laughed, it was a little forced, but it was what they both needed. "Four hot fudge sundaes coming right up!"
They woke early the next morning, the sun filtering in the dusty windows at an ungodly hour. Dean caught Castiel's eye and he gave him a languorous smile.
The song came to an end and he found himself covered in sweat and breathless as if he had sung his heart out instead of lip syncing.
Dean listened in rapt silence as they walked slowly past the portraits of his brothers. Dean stopped when they got to Castiel's. He must have been about ten when the portrait was done, an awkward chubby cherub like thing, with the same piercing blue eyes and unruly black hair.
“Yeah, I should have waited until the car was cooler to attempt unbolting things,” He admonished himself.
"You’re with the royal hunt then." It wasn't a question, more like a statement. Dean nodded, but slightly. For some reason not wanting to tell the man he was the king. Next to his savior he suddenly felt unworthy.
Dean stared down at the phone, not sure what he was feeling, then hung it up on the wall receiver. The plans were still on and yet he had been kind of hung up on. He refused to dwell on this and ran up to his room to grab his swim trunks.
“You’re saying someone not only has all the secrets of monsters, but of all the agencies monitoring them as well?”
Gathering himself with a steadying breath he marched around the corner. Once out of sight he rushed to the front of the store until he found a clerk. He opened his mouth to tell her about the man then snapped it shut. Who would believe him? They would lock him up if he told them that man was a vampire buying bolt cutters. In broad daylight. He spotted the man at the cash register, he was smiling and laughing with the clerk, buying colt cutters and a nail gun. Dean decided he was just imagining things.
Sam put down the cell with a still shaky hand, but somewhat feeling better that help was on the way. Now he just had to make sure Dean was going to leave him alone.
“He’s already there. He landed last night.” The words came out of him unbidden. His team all stared at him perplexed.
“I know about Lucifer, and I think you know where he is. We need to find him and he needs to be arrested.”
"Look, I think I can sneak out tonight." His eyes darted to the door, as if he could see through it. "Dean seems like he might leave me alone tonight. I bet I can sneak out." He willed himself to believe his own words. He had to make it happen. He had to have more.
“Thank you. Would you happen to be free this evening to show me around town?” Dean stared at the man completely taken off guard, the man seemed to stare right into him.
They walked hand and hand down to the river, stealing glances, and holding fucking hands. Dean could not remember the last time he had held hands with someone in a romantic way. There was something deceptively simple about the comfort of his hand in his. He didn’t want to let go.
“That isn’t it okay? It’s not about you being ‘useful’.” Dean told him with a dreadful insistence, “It’s because I want to be with you.” Dean was now blushing furiously. Cas glanced down the beach and realized they had left any other human being far behind them. It was just the two of them, in the shadow of a sandy cliff and the vast expanse of water gently crashing into the sand.
They stood there, the sound of the faucet running the only sound, staring into each others eyes while Castiel held his arm. Dean couldn’t help but imagine kissing those lips. Wanted nothing more than to be brave and close that distance.
“Don’t puke on the bomb, Winchester,” Singer grunts, placing a blood spattered hand on his shoulder. Dean does his best not to faint as well.
Cas shifted his feet in the warm sand, feeling the sensation of the grains that tickled the skin and seemed to wiggle up between his toes. Without his coat he could feel the breeze from the ocean sweep up through his sleeves. Looking at Dean's exposed forearms he unbuttoned the shirtsleeves and rolled each one up to his elbows.
He don't dare take his eyes off where the boar had fled into the bushes. He could hear it stomping around just out of sight. He heard the horses fast approach just as he saw the boar break through the underbrush and charge. Something hit his back. Then he was being lifted, the boar passing beneath his legs and then turning away from the beige legs of the horse going full gallop. Strong arms hauled him up and over the back of the horse in the most undignified manner and the continued to gallop on. Dean felt a branch hit his arms and shoulders and dangling feet with rough slaps until the horse finally pulled up into a small clearing.
Dean twisted his head around to look at Cas, he towered over him. He caught Castiel’s eye and they stared at each other as he pushed himself forward. Dean moved to meet him, letting the hard pressure open him up till he could feel Cas’s flush with him, his balls hanging over his taint.
seemed hot or cold and alcohol had no affect. He decided not to worry about it. These things were out of his control and he wasn't going to burden Don Quixote's already troubled mind with more troubles.
“So Sam said you went to Standford?” This from his right, he turned and found another blond interrogating him.
"Look, I don't know. I just can't seem to care lately," He says hesitantly as he opens beat up old fridge. It is chock full of beer, there are about four cans of root beer to one side. His hand twitched towards the beer.
Castiel had said he would be at the ball. This finally gave Dean heart enough to pull himself off of the ground and start running. He half ran, half staggered all the way back to the stables, flinging the stall door open to greet his Baby. His horse stamped her foot eager to ride once more, even with only the few hours rest. He patted he neck and quickly set about saddling her.
“I love you too, Dean Winchester,” Castiel replied watching as they both tightened their grip of each others hands.
"Limbers up the muscles and gets out the nerves. At this level of competition it's mostly about mentality. Their bodies know how to do what they do. Now they just have to get into the done where every second and every muscle twitch counts. Cas is one of the best in the county. If he gets a good score today he'll get to compete at the state level."
Cas wanted to ask him why he had called him down here, but he also didn't want to say something so pragmatic. He wanted so desperately to be, well, cool, around the man he had pulled from hell. Sometimes he knew that he was being too literal and practical and that was the reason that Dean made fun of him. So he just stood there taking in the sight and presence of the man he-
“Son of a bitch. Give me ten,” he grumbles and heads to the closet for an identical white button down and black slacks.
Sam encloses the phone in his big hands, pursing his lips in that way he does when he’s been crying. “We’re going to get them back, Dean. Both of them.”
In the end Sam and Charlie managed to get a torch alight and they blinded the creature then took him down with a mighty blow.
Orienting himself he went to the corner of the building with the offices. A woman in a gray power suit with immaculately coiffed red hair sat waiting for him in the counselor's office. She gave him a tight official smile.
That wasn't to say it was all easy, a few times during the next couple hours he found himself short of breath or flailing, but Cas was always there to save him. And in those moments they found each other lingering in each others arms, stealing kisses and touches as often as they could.
Castiel looked back over her shoulder down the path her family had taken towards the palace, picked herself up from the fountains edge and followed the strange man to his wagon.
Wakefulness came slowly to Castiel. Several times she came into consciousness only to slip away again almost immediately. When she did finally awaken, she wished she hadn't. Every part of her ached, and when she finally shook off the vestiges of darkness the pains sharpened into real hurts. Her head throbbed from the temples, her arms felt bruised where she had been roughing grabbed. His wrists were raw and bloody from fighting the ropes and his hips and belly and ribs were aching from the rough ride tied to the back of a horse.
“Dean get your hands off that grill, this is my kingdom.” Jodi said, swatting at his hands as he attempted to flip a burger.
"Someone I wish to know, in every way possible." Dean didn't know the words were coming from his lips till they were out. It was his turn to blush and wonder at his own hopelessness in this situation.
"Do you--do you want some pie?" He asked, wishing he could have figured out how to bring plates and forks with him. Castiel closed the distance standing before him.
"Cas," He said, his voice high and cracking, in surprise. He looked vulnerable and suddenly Cas wished he hadn't come. Somehow he just couldn't make himself invisible around this man. A trick he could usually employ in most situations. Dean not only saw him, but was seen by him. It made being with him frightening.
The little bell for service rang and Dean blindly reached out to stop the hand from ringing it twice.
“I don’t know. I love Eileen, but we are both worried that our love was just… plot. But when she comes back, when they all come back I will ask her out again and we will see.” Sam gave a little wry smile at that.
Sam and Cas watched him go, neither making a move to follow him. "Did I say something wrong?" Cas asked, feeling like once again he was just making things worse between him and the hunter.
“So much for our deal,” Dean grumbled. Clenching his fist in frustration. Jack was literally god now and couldn’t be bothered to bring him back the one person he wanted most.
I am losing my mind, Dean thought burying his head into his hands. He had been playing too many video games late at night. Reading too many horror novels, watching too many monster movies. This wasn’t right. But he knew what he had seen, even without the strange information flashing into his brain, that man had had an extra set of teeth. He hadn’t imagined that, had he? Nor the concealed weapon.
Sam felt a stab somewhere in the vicinity of his heart. His hands started to shake around the can as he paused in the doorway. "I'll keep that in mind." And he walked away. He heard Dean curse under his breath as he hurried back up the stairs. He couldn't care about that right now.
"Next time I am dying you can save me." It sounded even more stupid coming out of his mouth than it had in his head.
They had no hope of catching her, and the door guards had been pulled to the garden so she ran out of the castle unhindered. Down the outside stairs she went. As she crossed the pentagram she heard more voices behind her and as she turned to look her foot pulled out of her slipper. She paused to go back and get the fallen slipper, but saw two guards coming from the left path and just kept running, half hobbled as she limped down the stairs. She silently thanked her siblings for all the years they had chased her up and down the stairs.
Chuck straightened up and backed away to give him room. “Something goes wrong and you blame me. Where’s the trust, Dean?” He protested, but added as Dean finds his legs, “Yes, yes I did.”
Dean shook his head. "No Cas, it's fine, it was a year ago. I-" he cleared his throat. "You didn't know," he gently pulls his hand out of Cas's reach. Cas just leaves his hand where it had been over his so that their fingers rest just centimeters apart on the beat up Formica table.
"Leave the man be, he isn't here to be bothered by you." Came the familiar voice of the short man he had met in the hall. Without further invite he pushed the man aside, and pulled a chair up and sat down.
They fell into a comfortable routine of friendship. Castiel spent more time at the Dean’s place than his own home. Though Sundays were still to be spent at the church, unless he had a diving competition.
I didn't see that when you came with me, standing at my side ready to kill or die trying. That was you saying I love you. Over and over. And I didn’t…
Of course since this is Dean’s life and he worked in retail, a panicked customer was suddenly at the counter brandishing a video camera and towing a pink tutu’d girl behind him.
On good days he believed this. On bad days he knew he was fooling himself. That he was wicked and broken and all the punishment his step family piled on him was the result of the terrible thoughts in his head. The ones he never let even see a dusty shaft of morning sunlight.
The man stiffened at the sudden intrusion, but after a moment relaxed, kissing him back with ferocity. They pulled apart, eyes searching and scared.
For a long moment they stood in the silty bank, warm river water slowly past them, the sun beating down on bare shoulders.
"Well then, thank you for the advice with our sailor fellow and I will definitely keep an eye on the tailoring of your finery."
Dean pulled his head back in shock at the feeling of Castiel's erection against his thigh. Green eyes searched blue, did they seem even bluer than before? Cas, arms stretched taut holding himself over him, pelvis still flush with pelvis, looking down with hunger and a hint of worry.
He grabbed some pork rinds, potato chips, beer and beef jerky. He brought his stash to the counter. "Do you have any pie?"
His face was expressionless. Castiel felt like his entire world was about to crash down. She couldn’t bear to see that look in his eyes.
“But I shouldn’t have taken it out on you. You have been nothing but kind with me. And that isn’t all I am apologizing for.”
“I'm all the way inside you,” Castiel told him, maintaining eye contact. Dean couldn't twist around anymore so he closed his eyes and turned his face forward once more. They stayed like that for a few moments while Dean breathed to get used to the feeling of Cas inside him. Then Cas started to pull back and thrust forward slightly.
Sam, in this moment, caught Dean's eye, who was for some reason looking directly at him. Sam realized that Nick and his goons were distracted by the small man and decided that this was his opportunity.
“Hey, Chuck!” Everything was surreal and hearing his best friend’s voice might actually have affect of calming him down a little.
“I would expect, my dear cousin, to assume ‘well only’ when giving out free drinks to guests as a matter of principle,” Dean told her as he pulled up the stool next to Cas.
She looked at him with a little bit of pity, putting Dean's hackles up. "Since when is a political marriage about love." He was getting altogether tired of hearing this.
"A couple weeks, there's a lot of body work and a couple parts he'll need to ship in. He says you a should come by the junkyard when you can."
"Dean," he felt odd not adding a title, he had been doing so his entire life. It felt nice to be just Dean for once.
"Oh, right," His eyes raked Castiel up and down appraising him, and he was almost grateful he was too cold to blush. He leaned over and hit the window pain nearest the door handle with his elbow. Cas bounced from foot to foot and held his hands, numb with cold and rubbed them together. It took a couple tries, but finally the tinkling thud of glass breaking and hitting the floor awarded them. Shards stood out at dangerous angles. Sighing the man punched them out of the way as carefully as he could and reached through to reach the locks. The door unlocked they marched into the mostly unfamiliar house, carefully sidestepping the shards of glass in the doorway.
Sam pretended to read the page in front of him, but he was so intensely aware of Ruby's presence he was just staring at the page, the black letters blurring before his eyes. It was true, he was tense, but he had to get his grades back up or Dean would kill him.
“Way to go Dean! That’s awesome,” Jess intones sleepily with a gorgeous grin, snuggling into Sam’s lap as if she hadn’t been moved.
Before Castiel could talk and ruin everything Dean started to babble, staring at the silver fork in his hand. "You have to know that, right Cas? I mean it's kind of obvious isn't it? I think I've been in love you for a long time now. It almost killed me after the leviathan left you for dead. I had given up on everything without you. I don't think I'm even human without you around. Not even Sam keeps me whole anymore and you...this." Okay he was sort of crying now, but dammit, this day as already terrible. If Cas was going to reject him at least it wouldn't ruin his day. "You don't have to say anything man. I mean, I don't know if you feel the same. But I think-" He clutched the fork painfully tight. "I think maybe you do. Do you?"
Of course his distraction made him run right into the corner of a table he was passing. He cursed loudly, raising a few heads from a far away customer and gaining him a raised eyebrow from a waitress who was taking an order a few booths down. He apologized for swearing and tried not to limp as he took the three remaining steps to his seat.
“Uh, yeah,” Cas hedged. “I still can’t get the door to work...Sorry to keep interrupting. And you can call me Cas.”
"Oh, right," Castiel said, his eyes skittering away from the man as he pulled the blanket around himself.
She nodded plopping two bottles on the bar with the deft movements of one who had grow up bar tending. He gave her a smile and turned to take one to his companion. Don Quixote, however was not there. It took him a nanosecond to locate him, partially because he had barely moved and partially because all eyes were now on him.
Once the man was out of earshot, Dean cursed soundly, hurling the ball across the court and hitting the tin sided shed in a rousing clang.
"It's an old superstition, Cas. You carve faces in the pumpkins to ward off evil spirits." Sam jumped in, giving Dean a furious look.
Guilt threatened her again, but she pushed it down. A deal was a deal. And that was when she ran headlong into Dean.
Instead he dreamed of his demon hunter Dean from the woods who would come find him someday and they would live happily ever after. He would take her in his arms, and know Castiel was his woman.
“Yeah, and this one is going to follow her if he doesn’t start talking.” The MOL agent threatened, obviously out of his already short supply of patience.
The man smiled, giving him a wink and flashing perfectly white teeth at him. “Alrighty, we’ve got you in room 230.” He pointed over Cas’s shoulder to the bank of rooms on the second floor, all the doors facing outside. “Right up there.”
"That is hard to believe. Also isn't there a certain princess who will be a little upset by our dancing?" Castiel asked, suddenly remembering that Scottish royalty was here to supposedly marry the King. At this Dean smiled broadly.
Dean picks up the refrain “Vicky Vale. Vicky Vicky Vale-” Completely unaware that someone just walked up the counter. Chuck elbowed Dean. When his eyes come up he drops all his paper work and the phone at his ear that wasn’t even connected to a line. He gapes at the man.
“Oh, lets see what happened,” He held out his hand  to get the key cards. Cas saw this time that he had black leather straps on his wrists and a small assortment of rings on his fingers.
