"Thanks. I'm finally done. Now no more worrying about assigned stories." She smiled. There was something off about her smile. She'd seemed a little...off for the last few days. She looked like she hadn't slept. Maybe it was finals that bugged her. Peter wasn't going to ask if she didn't want to talk about it.
"All done, no more needles to worry about for you." She promised. "We're going to get you going on these, then I'll come back and get a brace on you once you're not feeling too bad, okay?"
"My friend is in danger, this almost constant dull thrum of it. But I can't pin down the source. Normally I can follow the threads and find the danger. I can't find it. It's like the threat is invisible or...undefined. Then, last night, I had a nightmare and he...he was scared, but I couldn't see anything. I could tell he was in danger...but I couldn't SEE it. And it wasn't even bad danger...but he was really upset and I just want to help. There was nothing there for me to stop though."
"Cooperation." The fish-bowl guy said. He waved his hand. And someone seemed to appear out of thin air and dragged something...no...someone to him.
Tony walked back to Peter's side and kissed his forehead. "I'll be right back. Going to get to update the A-Team. You okay?"
Tony frowned but nodded. "I get that, kiddo. "But don't let fear stop you, you might regret it someday."
Strange didn't envy her. These needles had to go deep. "Breathe. Holding your breath won't help." She took a ragged breath. Then sighed. "Alright. Feel any of this?" There was a lot of blood. He didn't realize how much she was loosing, how much she had been losing. How long had she been bleeding until she'd let him start working? No wonder she looked so pale. "You're B-, right?"
Strange looked up. The Avengers were all fighting, the wrong thing. Fire was everywhere. The earth was shaking. Cool. Attack drones. He heard something behind him a whirled, a shield in front of him. A bullet bounced off the shield.
"I know. But Queens is in that direction, and what sort of friendly neighborhood Spiderman would I be if I didn't make sure you made the walk alright. Besides, I've been trying to get all my merit badges." Peter teased.
Tony was brought out a little bit later, loopy on drugs. He didn't look too bad. Peter and Steve both curled up near Tony, glad that everyone was close. "It's over, right?" Peter asked Steve in a whisper.
"Mostly good. Forgotten a few things. Still struggle with talking sometimes when I'm multitasking. Actually all multitasking sucks. I can't focus on much, but Strange is helping me with it. He says he'll fast-forward my hair once my head heals a bit more... I can't wait for that. I miss my hair." She played with the short strands. "How are you doing?"
Maggie was there with Vanessa. Maggie was leaning against the doorway. Her hair was chopped short and was a bit of a wavy mess. Through the auburn curls, Peter could see the deep red line that arched around the left side of her skull. She had gloves on her hands, but Vanessa's hand was wrapped around her forearm, grounding Maggie...or maybe making sure she stayed upright.
"I'm not sure he has access to that zamboni this time. But I'm not even bothered about it." Vanessa said, almost cheerfully. "Give me a sword and I'd help too."
"All stitched up. She looked awful last night." Peter frowned. "Could we make that our next project?"
The chorus began again and the two fell into a comfortable dance, one where they matched each other. There was one thing Tony noticed though. Peter didn't let go of Maggie. Having let go of 'May' Maggie and lost her, Peter didn't let go of this version of Maggie as they danced. Always, they were touching. As if Peter was afraid to let go again.
"Okay." Peter hugged Steve one more time before he made his escape. Hopefully when he came back down he wouldn't hear the whirring of machines or the moving of bones or...any of that. He shivered as he got onto the elevator.
"The 'boy scout' once used floss in the field to do stitches." Helen rolled her eyes. "Some boy scout."
Strange turned and saw the cloak still wrapped around her and lifting her upwards, into the air. "Please stop, she's hurt, she shouldn't be flying."
"You heard it here, they're not friends, not enemies. Natalie Portman, you have some explaining to do. Anyone got a list of gymnasts going to the Olympics? And, most importantly, who won the dance off? No. Most importantly, is twerking a dance or not? Fight in the comments." The video ended.
It was just a vision though… He couldn’t hear her. And she understood. Strange was the best suited to find her and Peter. The bad guy had known that. The bad guy had planned.
"S..." She took a breath and gathered herself. She felt like she was drudging up the word. "Safe?" Her throat felt tight, her tongue was too heavy to make proper sounds.
"That's what they say. It bothers me though. I feel like there's a language barrier between me and everyone else sometimes. Sometimes I get a text when I'm tired and it's just so frustrating, because I know it's words and English, but I can't for the life of me figure out what it means in context. Funny, when my brain's more fuzzy my powers are stronger. My friend and mentor, Dr. Strange, says it's because time doesn't follow normal rules and conventions. The more in tune with time I am the less in tune with...logic and convention. I get a boost in power, but lose reading and writing."
"Had a little anxiety." Peter said. "Not related to the baddie. Just a weird thing. I'm going to be fine." Peter promised. "Happy got me some water. I took the guy out real easy. He didn't know about me, just figured I was an intern at SI."
Maggie blinked and turned to look at him. "Do you seriously have all his lines memorized? The guy never stops gabbing."
"Dude, no, it's great." Peter promised. Her presents, like Ned's were great and down to Earth, unlike his parent's...which had been a bit overwhelming. He loved them, but it was really weird. He hadn't had really had a big birthday last year. The year before that he'd been homeless. And before that birthdays had been small things with his aunt, uncle, and usually Ned. He wasn't use to big, crazy things. Quieter, small things felt more normal. "I'd never played a Witcher game before. It's awesome."
"I have a normal metabolism. I'm not enhanced, just a mutant." She shrugged and sat in her place, closer to Peter, further from Tony. She looked down at her watch before she began to eat.
That wasn't the normal question...at least not the phrasing Dr. West would use if he did ask those questions. He was fishing. To see if Maggie was alert, awake, able to speak. He was fishing to see if she was a threat. Did that mean...? Christine schooled her face. Maggie had seen the bad guy's real face. "I honestly don't know."
"What?" Peter called loudly. "Shit! I forgot. Be there in a minute! Sorry, Maggie, I gotta go. Stay safe, okay?"
"It's just a room...an empty room now, but a room. And I promise the equipment will come back...more or less in the same condition it left in."
He needed her to keep Peter from trying to fight back. The kid was Spiderman, he would try to fight back, and he was smart. If he could immediately squash that instinct, everything would go a lot smoother. Which meant taking insurance. The girl would work in that way...
Peter knew it had little to do with Maggie needing help up and more to do with proving reality. He stood up with her.
"My 'alley' as you call it, is the Mystic Arts, a thing that you do not truly have access too." Dr. Strange led her to a seating area and offered her an armchair. He'd obviously been studying something, if the amount of books and used mugs were any indication.
"I'll second that." Maggie looked at her gloves and briefly saw the blood come back. She shook her head and took them off before dabbing her eyes dry.
"Dr. Strange, I've heard of your work, always hoped I could see you in action, sorry about the accident." Dr. Cho said.
"Don't worry about it, trust me, it's safe. This way." Peter led her to the room he'd spent a lot of time recovering in. Helen was waiting, calm as ever.
"The others need a bit longer, unfortunately." Strange said. "This won't hurt, you'll only feel some tugging at most."
Steve opened his mouth and closed it. He really liked Pepper. Easy as breathing she'd helped him get ready, without even lifting a finger. "Thank you. I owe you one."
"I know we can't normally do this...identities and all, but do you want to go for a run?" Steve asked.
"Eh, I have a mildly broken wrist and some bruises. But who's counting? You should see the other guy."
"Yeah, I know. I just didn't want to steal a room without you knowing it. I mean...I already did take it...all of it. I'm the only one who knows how to get in and out."
-Soon, you'll know what it's like to be helpless. At the whims of someone else. Losing something you love might just help you understand how I felt. Talk to you soon.-
"I laugh in the face of danger." Peter grinned, leaning forward, loving the way the wind felt in his hair.
"Well, up until today, the only way Stane could reliably power his suit for long periods of time was to either make his own mini arc-reactor or steal one of mine..."
"The bastard has been coming at me for years, Peter. He had me tortured. Now he's threatened my kid. I will not stand for that. Call me paranoid. Call me anxious. Call me overprotective, I don't care. You're my kid and I'm keeping that monster away from you."
Strange tried to smile reassuringly. He'd need to grab a sling ring...he didn't want to leave her alone though. "You got to get up and come with me. I'll get you home safe, but you have to follow me, okay?"
Maggie stayed still as Strange lifted her gown, just enough to see the gash on her leg, even though she was wearing shorts. The oxygen mask on her face made peering down difficult, but it was fine, she didn't really want to see her insides. But the cut looked like ash had been caked in it. She didn't remember getting it. Probably got it on metal in the building while she was helping people out, considering the amount of ash and grime. "Alright. This isn't going to feel pleasant, but try not to move too much."
"I know...I've been through it too. Sometimes, I smell my mom's perfume and... It's okay, Peter. You're alright. I've got you."
Peter climbed in through the window and got a shower. He couldn't believe it. Well, he knew Maggie had powers, she'd admitted to them, but the fact that she was out there fighting bad guys. That was amazing. What was her life even like? She was adopted by fucking Deadpool and was a hero and ballerina. Who does that?
The fish-bowl guy laughed. "That took me an embarrassingly long time to figure out. But once we realized you were Spiderman, it clicked. Enhanced senses. There was something you could sense that we couldn't. And then, I thought...hm...bet his heart sounds different. We had to get close enough to him to find out. Stane gave us that chance."
Vanessa laughed. "We can come up with a better story. Wade's gonna be pissed at whoever got a hit in."
"Maybe... Well, he seemed to be hallucinating. I don't think I've ever really observed chemical dangers. Maybe he's poisoned?" That likely wouldn't kill him, probably would explain the hallucinations and the weird danger level. "Danger's all around him, but not really on him, not fully. He's in danger, but not...but there's no source either. I just don't get it."
"You're not. You're a model patient. Would like it if you weren't doing such a dangerous gig, though." She smiled at him gently. "You actually listen to directions, can't say the same for either of your parents."
"That last night I was in my mom's apartment. I left. I left knowing full well I was leaving her with a monster. I left because I had the chance to save myself." Maggie whispered. "He killed her that night. He was so angry that I got away...that he killed her. I blamed myself at first. But I don't anymore. He would have killed us both if he got the chance...done worse to me first. Do you blame me for my mom?"
"Class misses you too." Peter said. "Oh! Hey, you might want to visit the tower sometime. My dad and I are coming up with an idea for a suit for you."
Peter stayed outside of his school for a moment. They'd be upset if he had his phone out inside. "Thanks for checking on me."
"Thanks, Stark. Listen...go be with Peter. We'll get things squared away, we'll deal. Go be with your family."
"He's just got a tough exterior. He doesn't normally open up for people. I didn't really get to know him for a few years, you know? He builds forts." Then Maggie burst into giggles. "Don't let him know I compared him to Graham."
"Mmhm." Peter nodded and walked with her down the sidewalk, keeping a small space between them. "So, what dance are you working on for the Summer Showcase?"
"Okay." She opened the fridge and paused. There was a pack of coconut water. Her favorite kind. With a hint of pineapple. She liked drinking it for dance when water became dull. He'd noticed? When? Had she carried one from dance one of these times? She smiled and took one and a water before heading to the sofa. She sat down on the end of the sofa and handed him the water. "Thanks."
Maggie barely stayed upright, walking by his side. It was a few moments before she felt the texture of the floor change abruptly, from tile to hard wood. They were home. He'd opened a portal.
"You know this book is banned across a lot of the world?" It was one of the few things she remembered.
"Well, start with the easy thing, the style is ballet and freeform." Maggie nodded. "The song is Ashes. Now. What does the dance mean to you?"
He grabbed her forearm and pulled her against his chest. One of his hands gently rubbed her back, the other hand started massaging her head. "Did you take your medicine?" He kept his voice low.
Wade made a move, but Vanessa grabbed him. "Hey, honey, hey. We'll see her soon. He's going to help her. We can't do this, but he can. Let him work."
"Training. With the way my head got scrambled my timeline has moved up. I need to master my abilities before they overpower me. I'm already having more visions than I used to. It's kinda like the filter I usually have has holes in it."
Thwip! The wind felt amazing as Peter swung through the city. He heard a shout. Strangely he...felt like he'd heard it before. "Karen, what's happening?"
Tears ran down her face as she tried to get rid of the foul taste in her mouth. She moved the bucket to the side and curled in on herself. She couldn't breathe. It was awful. Why did she have to see such horrible things? Why?
Maggie cried silently as he took the pieces and left the room. She pressed her back along the wall and counted the bricks with her cuffed hands. With her nails, she began to scrap at the wall around the loose brick she knew was there. Her tears kept falling. Her head ached. Did she have a concussion? She felt sick.
"Well," Stane smiled as he put Peter's badge back on his shirt. "I WILL have to pick your brain sometime. Unfortunately, I'm due elsewhere for a meeting. Next time, Mr. Parker, wasn't it?" He gripped Peter's shoulder a little too tight before he walked out of the lab.
"Boring. Flash was being an asshole all day. And I had two pop quizzes. It's like the teachers got together to plot our demise."
As she closed her eyes she scratched at the wall with the fingers if her left hand. Digging into the dips she’d already made. She focused. Thinking on the drones that brought on these nightmares.
Strange felt furious. He'd remembered from Maggie's earlier vision. She'd been afraid of the man with her, insistent that he'd hurt her sexually. "We...did not check on that." He'd been more worried about bone fragments in her brain. He hadn't even considered... "Was there any..." He swallowed hard. "Any evidence in the videos or photos?"
Peter screamed. Her body deformed, blood surged through her torn clothes. Her head began to bleed. Her lips dripped with red.
Peter let go the instant he realized that his hands had found the small sliver of flesh between her gloves and sleeves. She, very obviously, didn't like to be touched, not skin-on-skin anyway. He tried to respect that. He hadn't meant to touch her skin. "Sorry."
But, he didn't have to let her have a big head. "Best of luck with that." He rubbed the back of his hand over his forehead. "Wow, didn't break a sweat."
"Safe. I put them somewhere they can't be harmed, same place I have Margaret. They have a doctor too."
"Don't worry about it." She said softly, waving her hand. "I just want a nap. You good to take over?"
"It's seems I'm bound for that room. I keep seeing it." Maggie frowned. It just wouldn't stop. She kept seeing it in their practices. Like a huge neon DANGER sign that wouldn't stop flashing in her face. "Maybe the choices that put me there have already been made...but I don't know what those would be." Maggie let her shoulders droop. "I don't like that place."
"We'll be back, pumpkin. Everything will be fine." Wade promised. "You rest your pretty little broken head."
"Zero out of ten for style. Didn't even think of painting it, did you Obie?" Tony snarked. He got up and backed toward the shattered wall. The wind blowing around him. He didn't want Obie near him. He needed a suit first before he engaged.
Her heart pounded in her chest. No. She didn't have time for a panic attack. She needed to move. She rolled and saw it.
Peter swung through Queens towards Manhattan. It wasn't a dance day, so he didn't have to stop in Brooklyn.
After warm-ups the instructor gave out slips of paper. "After you practice today, fill out these forms with what you want written in the program about your chosen performances. Keep it simple. I don't want paragraphs. A few sentences at most. Turn them in before you leave or you won't have anything more than a generic mention. Get to practicing."
Natasha appeared, immediately assessed the room, then nodded to Tony. "JARVIS got some recording, some of the first ones we found, and Beck's...confessions, got us a decent list of names. We've gotten all of them. They're all scheduled to be tried...except Beck who is currently...tied up." Nat reported.
Peter frowned. How had they gotten close to his dad? Close enough to hear his heartbeat? To record it?
"I not just talking about the training, though Wade agrees that you and him could both step up more in that manner." Vanessa sighed. "Look. She's a troubled kid. Not in a bad way, it's not her fault or anything. Wade and I both come from...dysfunctional backgrounds."
"No it's not, worthy Peter. And you are a spider child as well. You are full of surprises." He grinned. "I knew you were a strong one."
"But what if there's trouble...you can't protect yourself now." She couldn't go back again. Peter knew that. If she tried, she'd likely just pass out, which would make whatever bad situation she was trying to get out of worse.
"Thank you." Maggie didn't know a lot of her fellow juniors. Most of her friends were seniors now. Normally it'd be Thomas or Abby who helped her out of tough situations like that. She appreciated Kate.
'I tell her to take it easy and she damn near falls to her death having a dance off with Spiderman on the rooftops... Why am I not surprised?'
"I know what it's like. I found a new family myself. I had a feeling that letting you go to them would be better than anything the police could have done. We all need true family." She gently rubbed her watch, as if she didn't know she was doing it.
Peter woke up and got out of bed, carrying his dinner dishes out of his room. In the kitchen, Steve was pouring coffee into Tony's mug.
"Yeah, kid, we are." Tony turned and kissed his temple. "We're going to be. We are literally a superfamily. We've got this."
Steve raised his hand. "Actually, I agree with Peter on this one. Strategically it'd be idiotic to snatch a kid from school. Tony Stark would notice if his intern suddenly went missing and Stane would know that. Stane has a tendency to think these things through. I mean...consider your own kidnapping, Tony. If you hadn't survived it, no one would have known his fingers were on that. He made sure it was subtle. He wouldn't make that big a mistake like that."
Peter stretched slowly. Something felt wrong. His spidersense had been going off ever since he left school and headed to dance. He glanced at Maggie. She was standing by the mirrored wall, not stretching at all. Her eyes were darting between herself, Peter, then somewhere beyond the walls quickly. Her danger sense must've been going haywire too, not a good sign.
"'If you think this is hell, you're wrong. Believe me, this is only the beginning.' I don't know his voice...and it was a little distorted...by the bowl." Maggie looked up at Strange. "What does that mean? Why did I see THAT when focusing on Peter's presentation. What's the connection there?"
"Oh...look at that. An open door." He grinned. He'd never been able to get one of his drones through that door before. "Thank you, Peter Parker."
Sorry it's been a bit. I've written a couple other things too in the meantime. (Also, I'm very aware of how many times Peter says: Hey, Mr. Stark. In all of my works now, because it nearly makes me cry every time now. haha) But now this chapter has officially happened. Woot-woot.
"Learned that one the hard way. Experience teaches pretty well." Maggie shrunk a little, glad she didn't seem to offend him. She remember the first time she thought a punch wouldn't have the same force when slowed down...that had been a painful mistake.
"I'm more than alright with that name." Stane smiled and stood up. "What if I said I had a practical use for your specific talents, one that would require your project? And it will offer you a chance to get back at Stark."
"Where?" Tony asked, standing up. He'd expected this. There was a suit, ready, waiting, just in case.
The struggle through the debris was real, she even felt like something ripped through her leg at one point, but she made it. A young boy was holding a baby tight. He looked scared, but adamant about protecting his sibling. The boy was crying though.
Maggie got up and the whole room spun. The girl next to her got up in a flash and put a hand on her shoulder.
Everything in Wade wanted to rebel. He wanted to keep her safe. He knew what kind of shitbags existed in the world. Then again, she couldn't hide all her life, it would be damaging to her. She'd have trust issues for the rest of her life. And, in fairness, she dealt with most of them like a champ. She protected herself and kept her wits about her where most girls her age walked around acting like everything was fine and everyone was trustworthy. Wade liked that she was cautious. He didn't like that she was afraid.
His own pain was dull. He thanked Cho for the super duper drugs, because he was not anywhere near pain anymore. Even when they put the brace around him, it hadn't even ached mildly.
"I wish my spidersense was more specific like that." Peter huffed. "Everything is a threat to it, rain, loud sounds, a bug in the vent. It takes practice to not cringe at everything." Peter sighed.
"We still don't have everything on Stane." Steve sighed. "We know he's working with terrorist groups, but he keeps all that somewhere we can't access it. Even JARVIS can't. We've, well, Tony's been trying to get dirt on him for a long time."
Beck reviewed the footage and smiled. Stane's stooges had use, of course. They could serve his purpose, while masquerading as someone else's plot. The footage was just so interesting. Tony Stark cared for the kid...not just as an intern. Beck had been wrong about that, it was so much more. He'd let Stane's plan implode on him, maybe the brute would get a few licks in on Stark, but Beck, he'd make sure to put in the final blow. Tony Stark would be an empty shell once he was done, and he'd have his beloved project all to himself again. Finally.
Within minutes. Maggie was passed out. Vanessa and Wade sat on one side of her, Vanessa held her hand. Strange on her other side, keeping a silent, calm vigil.
Vanessa put the bags down on the counter. "She should have more time with him. He's a good influence."
Peter's eyes widened when he caught the shirt she threw at him. Blue, the same shade as his Papa's suit and red, the same shade as Iron Man's suit. The colors were swirled together in an almost tie-dye fashion.
"It was a good message." Peter nodded and turned to Aaron, not taking his mask off. There were too many cameras around for him to do so safely. No one was looking up, but he didn't want to chance it.
"No, really...we've had fires." Peter told Maggie. At that DUM-E rolled forward, with an extinguisher. "Hey, buddy. Good job, but we don't need that right now, okay?" He gently rubbed the bot's arm and took away the extinguisher. "You did good."
Peter scoffed and shook his head. "NOW you want to talk?" His jaw tightened and he looked like he wanted to say something, but then he didn't. Instead he turned. "You know what? I don't want to have this argument. I don't need this lecture, not from YOU. I'm going to go to bed."
"Long story..." Maggie sighed. "There was a small mattress in the corner on the floor. The room...it was really small. I could almost reach out and touch all sides."
It clicked. All the weird times she felt watched. All the strange vibes. All the danger signs without any solid direction. This had to be him. It had to be. Right? "Spying on a kid, huh? What the hell do you want from me?"
"I'm going to start with the leg. It looks like the most dirty. I'd rather get that cleaned quickly." He told her. He put a gown down, along with clothes. "I'll be back. Get changed into the gown and shorts. You can leave your underthings on. I just need to be able to get to the cuts. And once I'm done, I've found a pair of loose scrubs with your name on them."
"Okay." He held out an arm for her. She stepped closer and he got a good grip around her middle before webbing them both up. It didn't take too long. He swung to the Sanctum, which was on the way towards the Tower. He gently landed on the front steps.
She shook her head. "Not really. Plus we still have to spar, right? I have a hard time fighting on a full stomach. You probably get it, but flying and a full stomach doesn't mesh."
"I've done this loads of times. My web shooters are fantastic." Peter was not going to talk about the one time a cartridge ran out and he'd fallen fifty feet onto a dumpster, because Tony didn't need that stress in his life. Plus, the new heads-up display they'd been working on kept track of his web fluid (at Peter's (hopefully) subtle suggestion).
Clint seemed to process that for a minute, then sighed. "Okay, fair enough. The guy who half-raised him did send him off to get tortured and murdered. I understand. I forget how much people use the poor guy... Right, well, next time we've got his back. Make sure he knows that."
Maggie bit her lip. "Okay." She understood protecting herself. Her dad would want her to protect herself. What disturbed her was how easy it had been to inflict pain so she could escape. Though...considering the situation, she'd hadn't had much time for moral dilemmas in the moment. She looked down at her watch. It ticked at a normal pace. Maybe her dad would be upset with her for how easy it had been. He'd been in lots of life-threatening situations in the force. People hated police, they'd tried to hurt or kill them any way they could.
"Oh, hey Peter! So glad you aren't being hogged upstairs today." Tracy walked forward and grinned. "How are you feeling about working on your project a bit more? Or do you wanna learn a bit more about coding today?" Tracy's job was to work on the new prosthetics. She was really good at it and Peter would love for Ned to learn from her, because she was brilliant with a computer and she and Ned would nerd out together. But Peter couldn't really think about her work no matter how cool it was...not with Stane in the room.
Peter took a few deep breaths and hid his hands in his hoodie pockets. A gloved hand landed on his shoulder. "Hey." He turned and smiled at Maggie. "You did great out there."
"Wait a moment...just...in case." Strange said. Then he leaned a little closer. "Margaret, I have to ask you a tough question. I'm sorry about that..."
"Him? Nothing much. He's a good kid, bright, probably going to do amazing things. I don't want anything with him." Beck was telling the truth. He didn't want to hurt a single hair on the boy's head. The kid was funny and innocent, really he was. But, the way he looked up to Stark, the way he so quickly moved on from their fight, and the fact that the two had bonded...well Beck wasn't above using that connection to hurt Stark. Now Beck just needed to see how deep the connection went.
"No! Stay right there." She raised the brick against him, her jaw tight, hands shaking in fear. Could she hurt something or someone wearing the face of someone she cared about? Her head hurt too much to know. "Don't come any closer."
"Yes!" He cheered. "You're free to go annoy him on your own now. You pick the next artist when you head out, deal?"
The woman likely wasn't shouting. But her voice felt like a megaphone pressed to Maggie's ear. Maggie winced, more tears rolling down her face. "I just need my dad." The teacher hadn't let her go to the office. And the dumbass office had taken her medicine from her because they didn't want 'drugs' loose in the school. She knew better than to let anyone else use her prescription and she didn't keep it where others would find it...but they still insisted in locking it down in the office. Which meant if a teacher didn't want her to get up in class...she couldn't have it.
Maggie took his hand. Her fingers gently traced the scars there. Tears filled her eyes, then spilled down her cheeks. "You're real..." The brick hit the floor.
"Papa, it won't fix anything. Plus they don't know who I am and I don't want to open that mess. I couldn't fight back before I was spiderman and if I punch him now and break his jaw that isn't right either." Peter tried to logic.
"Is no one else stressed out by a fourteen year old kid standing on the edge of a roof, poised to jump?" Tony asked.
"I died...a couple million times...I lost count after a while." His jaw clenched for a moment, then relaxed.
It was just so...real, so reflective of Peter's life. Tony felt his heart break, remembering the sad boy, the one he'd had to chase after to get him to come home, to get off the streets.
"And dessert." Tony chuckled, ruffling his hair. "You get to pick, Mr. Fancy-Dancer, you've earned it."
but he is on his own. Tony is stirring, his breath coming short as he struggles to shift in Steve's arms without making his yet unknown injuries even worse. With a final glance towards his awake team members, Steve sends them a look he hopes exudes something along the lines of—
Steve lets out a massive sigh of relief. Tony notes how bad his hands are shaking and how he struggles to stand, but Steve collects himself. "Maybe you are scared, maybe you cannot hear your own notes, and you may be a bit rusty, but I want you to play with me anyway,"
“Hope you got us some cake too,” Tony playfully banters, as he sets up the table for them to dine in. He looks at the table cloth’s red and blue color scheme; he remembered getting it when Steve and he visited Ikea a couple of months ago.
The day is ending, and the inseparable trio are far from going their separate ways. Bucky is as ever, preoccupied with his phone, randomly showing them his
Tony can see Steve's face. Is he disappointed in him? But he remembers Steve's words before they went on-stage. Steve believes in him, maybe it is time to ...
“I would hug you right now if I’m not busy eating my food at the moment,” he says lightheartedly at the blond guy. “What’s the reason?”
"Thank goodness it's just you Tony, I thought I would be facing a lawsuit. Just pretend this didn’t happen." The red-haired girl says as she picks up the ball from the ground.
However, the tricky part is coming: the notes are starting to become complicated, and he knows Steve is gonna ramp up his performance. There it is, the erraticness of the music coming from Steve's bow, how can he keep up? Tony focuses on the score, and the notes that are sprawled across it start to fade and some fuse together to the point that it becomes unreadable. The notes are escaping him. He glances at Steve, who confidently continues to play his  part, and then he unintentionally glances at the audience which is a grave mistake.
Tony looks at the blue sweater lying on his bed. He decides to toss it to the laundry today and give it back to Steve before the year ends tonight. He gives the blue Captain America shirt a sniff before throwing it into the laundry basket.
"My parents died a year after my graduation, a car crash they say," Tony begins his tale. Steve remembers it was all over the news, and Tony continues, "I am not sure if you have heard of that, but that launched me to be the head of SI."
"All accounted for. How are you feeling? I forgot to bring you the Advil." He frowns, ready to get up again when Tony stops him with a gentle hand to his wrist.
He's lucky, he knows, to have found another team that's so close and family-like. The Howling Commandos were a once in a lifetime group; their camaraderie and friendship only amplified their ability to read each other in battle, and it aided in helping to relax and unwind after. That Steve had not only found that level of companionship, trust, and loyalty in another team amazes him every single day. And to have found love within that team?
After they finish, Steve returns the first aid kit to its customary place in the kitchen and refreshes their ice packs for new ones. Tony pulls out soft pajama pants for both of them and tiredly disposes of their wet towels.
Natasha is limping, having landed hard on her right ankle after dodging from gunfire. Clint is nursing a concussion, leaning on Thor, whose right arm is in a sling. Bruce is barely conscious, shuffling along the walkway and muttering something about sleeping for a week.
He looks ahead and sees Steve standing outside the gymnasium. Tony swears he can feel his heart skip a beat.
She gives him a sigh. "We would need your help Tony," she pleads.. "He is a classical musician. A violinist. And Bucky doesn’t know much about classical music, but you do, we just need to establish common ground."
"S-S-tee-ve?" Tony lets out a mumble, almost fainting into Steve's arms. Steve tries to nudge him back to consciousness, calling out for his name, yet Tony could only manage short answers.
He remembers the way Steve’s melodious laughter when he asks him what he would like to wear? A red and yellow hideous Iron Man sweater or a blue and white obnoxious Captain America one? Tony chose the Captain America one because, well, he couldn’t deny how much he loved Cap as a kid.
"I believe you." Leaning down, Steve presses a kiss to Tony's forehead. "Go ahead and start the movie; I'll get our feast ready."
In the middle of the park, he sees a teen around his age blissfully playing the harmonica, Tony watches the musician sway to the beat of the playful tune he plays. His small physique makes him a bit shorter than Tony, yet his blonde hair perfectly compliments his beautiful face. Tony would describe his face as wonderfully chiseled and symmetrical, his eyes have long light lashes, and Tony can tell that he has a full bottom lip by the way he blows air into his instrument. In front of him are three children, their faces in awe, and perhaps his own face too as he joins the young audience.
One of his fondest college memories with Tony was when Tony taught him to dance the Boogie or Cha Cha, often using the El bimbo music. He always regretted not asking Tony for a dance when he had the opportunity to do so.
“A triple chocolate one, just the way you like it,” Steve beams. And Tony just felt weak in his knees because Steve’s teeth were so perfectly aligned.
"Look at that!" Tony whines, exasperated, throwing his head back like an angry teenager, "You went and got us in trouble with
"I'm sure we will be, Tony," Steve reassures him. Tony's endless nightmare has to stop, and Steve has always been faithful to his word. He will and he must. For the future, he could hold Tony safe in his arms again, to sway Tony in a dance every day till he grows old.
“Coming home with you and to you had been the highlight that I could never put my finger on till I realized it a few months ago,” Steve huffs. “I can’t explain it, Tony. I like you. And I could only hope that you like me back too,”
"I cannot hear the notes anymore," he answers plainly. "The more I concentrate, the more I cannot hear them anymore. I... I mean, I can hear perfectly fine."
"I love you, Steve," Tony said. "When this is all over, we’ll be okay, I promise, I just need to bring Obadiah down and reclaim SI, reclaim what has been lost to me."
The mood is gloomy and overwrought with exasperation. Natasha holds the door open for her comrades, trying in vain to dredge up a warm smile, if not for the world, then for the men she trusts with her life.
The afternoon progresses, and the two exchange  stories of how they got into music, or mostly Steve talks,  he tells Tony that he initially wanted to play the piano, but  chose the violin instead. Why? Tony can't recall some of the things Steve says as he’s stuck between his own introspection and listening to Steve’s reasoning for loving music.
Tony, on the other hand, finds himself ghosting the piano keys in thin air. Somehow, his brain tells him that he should stop. Stop this foolishness, yet he knows, deep in his heart, he can’t. There is an irresistible urge to do it.
"I thought you said, 'Don't push it?'" Clint quips, and it's a testament to Steve's current level of mental enervation that he doesn't see the bad joke he has walked right into.
Thank you for all the love, comments and kudos. I really appreciate them. (Even if AO3 is not sending me any emails at the moment. huhu) <3
Three violinists come before Steve, and Tony could tell that Bucky was getting bored already. "Do they have to play the same piece over and over?"
Tony recalls what Natasha told him a couple of days ago, about that feeling of your world turning colorful once you have feel love in your heart. Why is he feeling it now? The world around him is sparkling. The colors are turning vibrant. And perhaps at its very core,is the fact he has never witnessed someone play music so beautifully. Whatever this blonde is doing, it’s  touching his soul.
It's evening by the time the team gets back to the tower, the sun setting low over the Manhattan skyline and the streets busy with commuters racing to make their trains and subways. The mid-Autumn air is crisp and scented with wet asphalt from a rainstorm that had swept through barely an hour before, and the landing pad is slick when the Aven-jet's motors go silent. The team is heavy with fatigue; they are injured, exhausted, and worn out. It's been nearly three weeks non-stop; something about the October ambience has sent villains from as far as China and as close as China Town into a feeding frenzy. The Avengers are victorious, as they usually are, but it comes with a cost.
"Today is my violin competition," Steve says as he points towards the concert hall. "I'm inviting you all to watch me," he gave Bucky a smile. "And hopefully leave  an impression on you guys."
"So, I've heard a lot about you… actually." Steve tucks a strand of blonde hair behind his ear. He talks slowly as if he's choosing his words correctly. "And, I know that you always placed first in competitions, is it alright if I asked… why? Why have you stopped playing?"
"Tony, your hands-" she says as she carefully caresses them. "What if you injure your hand and can't play the piano anymore?"
"Sssshhh..." Steve hushes him. He takes Tony's hands into his own and rests his forehead on Tony's. "Just shut up and listen, just... look at me, not at the audience, not the floor or your lap. Your thoughts are like quicksand, the more you struggle, the more you sink. If you let your thoughts win, they  will just overwhelm you."
the Greek myths would love to talk about. And as time progressed, he had become Tony’s Captain America...
His mind takes him back to his earliest days of playing the piano. He would slam the keys with such curiosity and they would produce the most awful sounds ever. He remembers how his father told him that the piano should be dealt with gently, he might have been around four or five years old at this time.
"Language!" Steve says sternly. "Look, you haven't played since you were 12, and that was three years…"
He hears Steve murmur a mantra, then he looks at him and gives him his cue. Tony nods. He cannot screw this performance up. The performance begins, and Tony tries to take it slow. So far, so good. He can hear the notes as his fingers dance upon the piano keys.
Tony takes a while, but he responds, "While the world thinks of me dead, It gives me the liberty to roam freely. The only person who knows about my escape from death is you, Rhodey, and another friend of mine, but I think I don't have enough time to work incognito. I've just received a lead about my parent's deaths.” He pauses, catching his breath, “They weren't killed in a car crash, Steve, they were murdered. Somebody sent me the autopsy report of my parent's deaths, Howard and Maria were covered in bruises and stab wounds. I can't imagine--," Tony breaks, more tears springing out of his eyes. "
Tony can't pinpoint precisely the reason Steve's playing sounds different, but he is sure that Steve looks carefree and is in control of the musical piece. He can imagine the judges shaking in their seats as they evaluate Steve's performance. No doubt, they want to deduct points for not following the piece technically and adapting it to make it his own.
Ever since Steve learned that he was such a Cap fan, he would always leave Cap fanarts for Tony in his post-it notes. What Steve doesn’t know is that Tony collects his post-its and compiles them in his red moleskin journal.
He places the sweater neatly on top of Steve’s blue bed cover, and he hears something ping from Steve’s desktop.
They're both in a fit of giggles as they polish off the cold cuts and the fruit and absolutely massacre Clint's cookies. And though their bodies still ache, it makes them happy to wrap their arms around each other and start to drift off to sleep, just as Milo is insulting Rex by calling him
"I've always thought that your hands are beautiful," Tony said, admiring Steve's fingers. Steve thinks that they are worn out and rough, so unlike Tony's smooth palm, but the dark-haired man disagrees and says that rough hands have more stories to tell. They are more valid, more credible. People wouldn't appreciate his smooth palm, it is aesthetically pleasing, yes, but mundane.
"You have heard the piece countless times before, you may as well have practiced it in your sleep," Steve gives him a soft smile. "The music is within you, Tony."
But Tony Stark was cold and precise, formulaic. He was focused on the piano keys, playing as if he knew exactly what the piece’s composer had envisioned when he’d written the piece. The judges watching  the performance were impressed, but then suddenly in the middle of his performance, the child genius stopped playing.
Tony gives him a half-smile then resumes eating. He wouldn’t admit it, but the atmosphere seemed to grow a bit more tense than earlier. He looks at Steve, but Steve seemed to ignore his glances. And it is starting to grate Tony’s nerves. “Alright Steve, tell me what’s going on,”
He may not be ready at that moment, but when Steve's name is announced to perform onstage, Tony is able to keep his head high.
If Steve had been more perceptive, he would have noticed how Bucky had stiffened up at the sight of Tony Stark. Instead, Steve answers Bucky's inquiry, and Bucky leaves the apartment.
Alright, there’s no way of that happening. Of course, Steve is into women. He introduced him to Sharon a year ago, and whenever Tony passes by Steve’s room, Sharon’s picture was always at his bedside.
"Steve has a plan for today," Nat smirks. Tony watches Steve walk towards the side of the fountain to retrieve something. He thinks he sees a bit of a limp in Steve's walk, but the thought disappears as Steve comes back.He’s retrieved a  black violin case covered in Captain America stickers.
Tony could feel the butterflies rising in his stomach with Steve’s compliments. He knows he’s handsome; it’s just another level when Steve says it.
It’s dark, yet the street lamp's light is enough to illuminate the man's features. Steve recognizes his former classmate from college--Tony Stark's face was gaunt, sickly-looking with his unkempt beard and hollow cheeks. Tony wore a dark poncho over his body for warmth. It is November, winter is soon approaching.
He watches Steve place the meals on the table. Neither of them were great cooks, so store-bought foods are the best at the moment. He would learn how to cook; yes, that’s in his New Year’s resolution.
He and Nat soon part ways. They have been neighbors for so long and have known each other since they were children. He finds it funny that the window of his music room is just opposite of Nat’s room. And he knows how much Nat loves hearing him play the piano. Sometimes, when he knows Nat is in a bad mood he would start playing
He trudges along the city's polluted paths, his hands inside the pockets of his worn-out weather-resistant jacket. It's been a while since Steve had shaved his facial hair, let alone cut his hair, so he figures that he'll give himself a lovely trip to the barbershop tomorrow.
But as he turns around, Steve catches his wrist and gives him a smile. "You should join us Tony." he says.
"I've always loved you, Steve," Tony confesses."I never saw you as someone who'll I'd be content to just stay friends with, I always thought when the right time would come to tell you, but unfortunately, there was no such thing as
He stares at his phone, the name Steve Rogers looking back up at him before it’s replaced with Natasha's picture as she calls him.
The living room is blessedly empty, and Steve takes a moment to crack open each door to make sure his teammates made it to their beds. In Bruce's room, he finds the scientist snoring lightly, and in Clint's room, Steve finds the bed vacant, but the large hanging egg chair has the archer curled up and wrapped in an obscene amount of blankets. Down the hall in Thor's room, the god is peacefully asleep, his arm around a body pillow and his hair splayed out. Only Natasha is awake, and he silently raises his eyebrows at her. She's sitting up on her bed, Starkpad against her raised knees.
"Captain Rogers, the bullet graze on the left side of your abdomen is not too deep but should be cleaned as it is healing slower than expected. I recommend ice and elevating your right ankle. Other than that, you have several bruises and cuts that are already healing. A shower should suffice to clean them."
Tony looks at the window, mortified that it’s been broken for the nth time by Natasha. The fact that he requested to use the music room today means that he is responsible for anything that happens to the room during his requested time. How many times has he written an incident report about Natasha breaking the window? Twice? or Thrice in a month? The window is lucky if it survives for 2 weeks max. As his thoughts swirl around inside his head, the young athlete continues talking, sharing her need to impress Pepper and gain a
Captain America embodied loyalty, camaraderie, and bravery. He had always been an integral part of Tony’s childhood. Well, he couldn’t blame himself. His father was obsessed with the character as well. He hates it that this is the only thing he has in common with Howard; they can’t even have a proper father-son bonding during comic-cons.
They go to Times Square a little bit before midnight. The festivities are all around the place: the music, the fireworks, the confetti, the people. The weather forecast said it wasn’t supposed to snow tonight, yet small flakes and flurries had fallen softly from the sky. Tony was glad that it wasn’t windy. Temperatures may drop to negative degrees, and he’ll still be warm with the absence of wind chill.
Thanks to Diana for Beta-ing this chapter. We are working under time pressure. Today is last day of posting. And it's fun working under pressure.
It's as he's carefully placing Tony on their bed that Tony wakes, blinking his eyes open and looking around confused before he realizes where he is. "Tell me," he begins sleepily, "that I didn't have to be carried to bed like a toddler after a road trip."
He remembers his father, the infamous Howard Stark, was a frustrated pianist. Sure he  played in concert halls, but his dream of making it big and performing in Europe had been passed on to his son. Shouldn't he be glad that his father is now dead? Isn't he supposed to be free? Then why does he feel nothing but hollowness? Emptiness?
They both arrive by Steve's apartment, and Tony sits by one of the worn-out couches. Steve looks around: no sign of his roommate, Bucky.
"Exhausted, like the rest of us." Steve adjusts Tony, and looks down at the sleeping face of his boyfriend. "I'll make sure to have JARVIS scan him; I didn't like the way the armor hit the ground." He peers at her, studying the hunched way she holds herself. "And you?"
"You… you were really amazing back there," Tony begins, unsure of what to say. "It's like the music came to you effortlessly."
The meaning of the look isn't lost on Natasha, at least, and she claps Clint on the back. "I'll make sure everyone does as they're supposed to and acts like the actual adults they are."
“HAPPY NEW YEAR!” Everyone screams in unison. The fireworks set off into the sky, the musicians begin to play their rap and RnB songs, the confetti joins the white flurries in the air, and amidst the festivity around them, Steve and Tony’s hands were gently cradling each other’s faces.
Tony shrugs as he leans on the wall, trying to appear disinterested. "Well, he could have won if this was a violin recital, but it's not. The judges probably deducted multiple points from him."
Moments later, the results of those who passed the preliminaries are posted. Tony had been sure that Steve wouldn't make it, but he did. And surprisingly won the "Audience Choice" title.
"I'm sure none of it that great," Tony says as he tries to shrug off the conversation about him. "So- what's the plan this afternoon?"
He tries to joke, "That's the spirit!" but it comes out flatter than he wanted it to. She appreciates it, nonetheless, he can tell by the way her eyes light up, if only marginally.
Steve is fully aware that both he and Thor would normally be almost fine at this point, except for the sheer weariness of not getting a single day off to recoup and recover. It's affected them in ways they hardly ever see.
Steve felt anger creep up his chest, the image that Tony painted in his story was enough to shatter his resolve and commit an act of violence on Tony's part. He tries to restrain himself and reaches out to hold Tony's hand instead. Tony accepts, to his surprise, and entwines their hands together, seeking comfort on each other's hold. They both shared a deep sigh as they finished the remainder of their salty noodle broth with bread.
"Angel, let's go. Come on. Up and out." He's moving a little better from the heat, and Steve is able to lift Tony and stand himself up as well. He doesn't like ignoring Tony's groans and petulant whines about not wanting to move, because frankly, he gets it, but they're so close to being able to sleep.
“I didn’t know you loved the Andrews sisters, and your playlist is impressive, Steve,” Tony says as they settle in and eat their New Year’s dinner. The apartment lights around them gave a romantic hue, in Tony’s eyes that is.
"Yes, ma'am!" The exchange does make them smile, and not for the first time Steve is overtaken with appreciation for this crazy family he stumbled into. They're almost too tired to function, but that doesn't mean they don't do their best to take care of each other. Sometimes, as the saying goes, laughter is the best medicine.
. At that moment, he feels a little sorry for Steve. He must be hoping for some time out with Tony’s popular best friend.
He hands Tony a cup of hot coffee, which the other man gladly accepts. He also prepares the noodles with hard-boiled eggs.
Now it was Tony’s turn to be shocked. “I’m… I’m sorry to hear that, Steve,” he says quietly. “Does Bucky know?”
The human metronome. That's what the dark haired boy of twelve was called. A cold precise robot, that was how people saw Howard Stark's son. As he played
There is a faint echo of the violin playing in the background. Tony hopes that Steve will continue , but the playing stops.
"May I continue?" JARVIS interrupts; his tone is impatient but not surprised. He is, after all, used to them—Steve gestures for him to keep going. "Sir is bruised up, as per usual, on the rest of his body, but he does have a few bruised ribs and a slight concussion. I'd like to see his cuts cleaned, and for heaven's sake, tape that gash above his eye again; it keeps reopening. Ice his ribs, give him some Advil, and put Sir to bed already!"
Tony  hears the collective gasps from the audience. The lively and unique performance Steve is giving has stirred the sleeping audience. Tony glances to the side and sees Bucky on the edge of his seat, clearly smitten with Steve's playing.
"I…" he began, shifting his eyes to find the answer, and he catches a glimpse of Steve's gloved hand shaking. "I've never seen someone receive flowers…?"
"...And so," Tony continues. "I announced the closure of the weapons manufacturing department of SI, which infuriated Obadiah, the person I trusted the most, the person who was like a father to me when I've lost my parents that fateful December night." Tony proceeds to recount his tale, a string of unfortunate events at the posh hotel where he was drugged, beaten, violated and left for dead in a landfill away from the city.
"Yes, mother." Steve is already up, headed to Tony's kitchen to grab the ice packs and the first aid kit.
The warmest and sweetest smile Tony could ever imagine. Here, in front of him is a guy who never cares about competitions and rankings, all he wants to do is share his music with the world because he is a musician, and that is what musicians do. Steve retakes his position. The violin is under his  chin, and with his right hand begins to play again, starting from the very top. Repeating the performance as if he doesn’t  care that he is already disqualified.
It starts with simple melodies accompanied by the noise of children playing in the background, their laughter hanging in the air. The sound of a harmonica seems to be coming from the center of the park. He follows the music.
"I hate that I know what that is, but yes." Grabbing a few slices of honey baked ham, Steve shoves them into his mouth, groaning at how good it is. "Jeez, I'm starving!"
"But I don't," Steve says. "You have always been special to me Tony, I didn't know what love was that time, I might have been too young and naive to have known, but you taught my heart its true meaning,"
"As you may have known, I busied myself creating weapons that benefited our country in a war with the
Steve gives a forceful cough and clears his throat, then drinks water. “Oh, Tony,” he says breathlessly, then with a smile, he says, “I’m ok now,”
It feels wonderful to be clean, and once dry, both Steve and Tony sit cross-legged on the bed, facing each other and simultaneously applying Neosporin, bandaids, wraps, and ice to each other's naked bodies. Steve meticulously tapes the gash above Tony's eyebrow as Tony swipes some ointment on the graze and bandages it. Their movements are practiced and precise. Despite their exhaustion, they take no risks with the other's health.
"I'll think it over Nat," he says, dropping the call. Nat smiles at him from the other side and waves good night.
Steve breaks into an easy smile. Ahhh, he is so handsome when he does that. “Thank you, Tony,” he says. He gestures Tony to their small dining area, and Tony could see the groceries on the counter. “I’ve got us some roasted chicken and mashed potato.”
Steve stares back with his light blue eyes twinkling. "C'mon, it will  be fun, and I know a good cafe downtown."
Tony remembers the softness of his own innocence during that time. And when he remembers the gentleness, the love he has for the instrument, he starts to hear his own playing again.
These were all things Howard used to say to Tony. Rumor is that his father was rigorous, and that poor Tony likely had bruises all over his arms. Tony would walk with his head hung low, during those times, and people sometimes treated him like an automated robot.
Tony scoffs. He must sound funny, his explanation is ridiculous. "However, the sound that doesn't register is the sound of my playing."
"Yeah," Tony says. He remembers the technical aspect of these kinds of competitions, and sometimes, audience impact is only a small percentage of a musician’s  total score.
“I’ve been your roommate for two years now,” Tony answers him. “Surely, I could at least read if something is bothering you.”
And it isn't only Bucky, Tony takes note of how everyone seems to remember how remarkable Steve was.
He can hear the audience's roar like they are at a concert. Somewhere, perhaps, Natasha and Bucky are wildly cheering for them. But right now, all he can see is Steve's beautiful form soaking in the stage's golden light.
“Steve?” Tony questions trying to remember his basics on the Heimlich maneuver. Steve can’t die today!
It's a familiar dance between them, and JARVIS makes an annoyed sound. "As usual, I can scan both of you at the same time. I am multi-talented in that way."
Tony expects Steve to laugh and brush off what he’s said, but Steve just looks at him somewhat sympathetically. There is a softness in his gaze. "It's not that you can hear it, but…" his hand gently touches Tony's. "But, something is blocking it."
"Listen," Natasha's voice is firm. "I've listened to you constantly play the piano ever since we were kids, music is part of you Tony and… I would really appreciate it if you came back."
"Oh look there he is!" Nat says, and Tony watches the children give Steve a bouquet of freshly picked flowers from the park.
Tony's giggles are tired sounding, but they're still pure to Steve's ears. It's proof that both he and Tony are injured but alive. They're weary, exhausted, and absolutely run down, but they're still kicking. "Give it to us straight, Doc," Steve says, glancing at the ceiling.
"Uhhh..m" Steve debated whether he should disclose Tony's identity. "A friend from college," he answers.
"Uhmm that's just a part-time job that I'm doing, you know transcribing pop songs into sheet music so that karaokes can use them."
Steve decides not to take a shortcut home. Instead of passing the complex maze of alleyways that led him back to his apartment building, he decided to walk the main road,
“Why me?” Tony asks. Curious at why Steve would suddenly reveal the reason he was attracted to him. Isn’t this what he always wanted?
"Oh, we freaking deserve the fuck out of it," Tony laughs, reaching for the salami that Steve has just opened. "I am in full support of that decision." He rolls the deli meat and pops it into his mouth. "Stay-cation?"
, Steve thought. and when Bucky shows up in his doorway, Steve tries to hush him, indicating that he is with company.
Tony knew ever since he was 13 that he was into boys. He finds ladies attractive but not attractive enough to invite them to his bed.
“You are easy yet difficult to be with too...  “ Steve says, which made Tony wince a bit. “You can be selfless and selfish at the same time. You are an open book but can be a bit guarded at times. You are very confident, yet you always doubt yourself. You are the biggest walking oxymoron I’ve ever met. And if two years of being roomies had proven something, it is that not every day is smooth. There would always be good days and bad days… But, do you know what made me drawn into you?”
causing Tony to laugh even more. One thing he likes about Steve is that he could play along well with his fantasies. They are a perfect fit—he and him.
Steve yanks his necktie, and their foreheads bump into each other, causing them to let out agonized screams. Steve presses his gloved hand on his forehead while Tony thinks he might have died.
Today is the day of the competition, and Steve must have been frantically looking all over for him. He thinks he told Steve about withdrawing the offer, but now it's too late. Steve needs him. But can he? Can he live up to the expectations?
"What a bummer. I was hoping to invite him to get dessert," Steve murmurs in a low tone as he walked around in circles, trying to hide his disappointment. "But since he is not available, why don't you sub in for him and go out with me instead?"
Tony tasted warm, of earth and soap and fabric. He was also incredibly responsive, thrusting up with the slightest touch of Steve’s tongue to his straining flesh. It took the strategic placement of Steve’s hand on the dip of Tony’s waist to keep him in place long enough for his taste to turn into a consumption of all that earthen heat. It felt like a brand that lit him up from the inside out, only intensified by the sound of Tony’s long moan from above him.
Steve shook his head. “Same reason you are,” he said, and Rhodes smiled, something softening in his expression.
And there it was.  Title over familiarity, professionalism despite the fact that only minutes ago they had been breaking apart in each other’s arms.  Steve knew that there was no argument he could make that would change Tony’s mind, just as there was nothing Tony could say to change his. So he swallowed, hard, and he turned to leave, though he paused when Tony said, in a pained voice, “Steve—”
He turned the volume on the TV up, listening as the reporters turned the conversation to Tony. “—the State’s case has been helmed by New York County District Attorney, Tony Stark. The son of legendary attorney Howard Stark, Tony quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant mind. At age 8, he wrote his first
But he believed in actions, not rhetoric, and so it was with a passionate kiss that he first captured Tony’s lips and then left him in the name of something better — namely the slow, tantalizing drag of his mouth down the length of Tony’s body before earning his first impressions of the shape of him. Hard and thick, twitching to be nearer the molten heat of Steve’s breath. For all their rivalry, for all their flirting masquerading as bickering, Steve could only conjure up the utmost affection for the man beneath him and it was that affection that multiplied tenfold when first he allowed his tongue to seek its prize.
Steve gave him a look but before he could say anything, his cellphone vibrated and he glanced down at it, his expression tightening as he read the message. “Shit.”
it, Steve, what the hell do you think you’re going to accomplish with this?” he demanded. “You’re not going to help Barnes. The only thing you’re gonna do is get your ass thrown into jail for perjury!”
“—Against me in a court of law?” Steve finished sharply. “Is that really where you’re going with this?”
And then, against his will, reality seeped in the cracks in his foundation left by the seismic shift of Tony’s mouth against his ear.
“Oh, nothing,” Steve said with forced casualness. “The Rumlow verdict is due back today, and the local news is doing its usual Tony Stark love fest.”
The man in front of him was intoxicating, all expensive cologne and wiry muscle beneath finely tailored suits. The sensation of lightheadedness only intensified as his fingers tripped up the length of fine buttons that fitted Tony’s vest across his abdomen. They parted easily, letting his questing fingers through to the pristine white shirt beneath. He could feel the jump and bunch of muscle under his touch, could feel the way Tony’s long torso stretched and flexed to be nearer his caress, and for a moment Steve considered a prayer of thanks.
“Looks like there won’t be a retrial after all,” Tony said, conspicuously avoiding looking at Steve.
Tony shook his head. “No,” he said quietly, tossing his pen on his desk before scrubbing a hand across his face. “Not against you.”
Something dark flashed across Tony’s face. “Orders?” he repeated, his voice dangerously low. “What orders would those be?”
brief; at age 12, his first law review article. And at 17, he graduated summa cum laude from Harvard Law School.
“Secondly,” Tony said again, raising his voice to speak over Steve, “when the situation that Barnes provoked escalated, he drew his firearm in violation of NYPD policy. Thirdly, he shot Rumlow unprovoked.”
They weren’t a mistake. This wasn’t a mistake. Steve would find a way to convince Tony that his trust was not misplaced.
He had no choice but to do it again. And again. Until this sacred topography had been committed to memory, until his lips had mapped it all and gone back for seconds. Tony’s breath was heaving now and there were words escaping in between but Steve couldn’t process those too, on top of everything else. It was sheer volume that gave him the gift of a fervent, “
,” Tony insisted in a voice so dripping with sarcasm that it even managed to wrench a smile from someone so perilously close to orgasm that it felt inevitable.
Tony rolled his eyes, but his angry flush had already started to recede, and a smile was even tugging at the corners of his mouth. “After what the Maryland District Court found in
“I think you did.” Tony delivered the words calmly, dispassionately, so opposite from how they had just been wrapped around each other that Steve felt like his head was spinning. “I think you meant it and I think you were right to.”
He didn’t get there in time. Bucky perched on the edge of his desk, crossing his arms in front of his chest as he looked at the TV. “Slacking on the job, huh?” he said with a grin. “What’re you watching that’s so important?”
Whatever story he was about to launch into was interrupted by his phone and Steve’s cell going off simultaneously.
He hadn’t known Brock Rumlow when the man worked on the force, had only met him after the arrest warrant had already gone out, but he had read enough of his file to know that from his conduct as a police officer, Rumlow was the worst of the worst, a glaring example — among far too many — of why public trust in NYPD was at an all-time low.
“There’s a song about that,” Steve said mildly as they headed toward Tony’s office, and Rhodes laughed before glancing sideways at him.
“I think the Takings Clause has a better chance of standing up in Court, if you use a close reading of
, was the ultimate vulnerability and Steve felt his back straighten as the weight of the responsibility fitted precisely into place on his shoulders.
“I—” he started but was seized by a full body shiver as Tony stole yet another kiss from parted lips. What was he saying? He started again. “I—"
“I’m saying that you have no idea what it’s like to be out there with a target on your back and the potential for anyone to have a gun aimed at you,” Steve said, his voice tight.
Tony pushed him away, and had Steve not still been pliant from his orgasm he might’ve resisted. As it was, he rocked back on his heels, blinking at Tony, who suddenly couldn’t seem to meet his eyes as he buttoned his shirt and pulled his pants up. “You should—” Tony’s voice broke, and he cleared his throat. “You should go.”
When sensitivity was certain he pulled away, wiping at his mouth only to bestow kisses on the jutting hipbone directly in his line of sight. Tony jumped at the first touch of skin and then trembled like gooseflesh had erupted over the length of his body. Which, of course, only made Steve do it again. And again, once more mapping the contours of a body he was only just introduced to moments ago.
Tony shook his head. “You said it yourself, the only thing we’ll end up doing is tearing ourselves apart,”
It was one of his favorite things to watch, all the more so when he had finally realized that that was why Tony looked at him the way he did. Steve knew he was easy to dismiss, former Army officer, currently NYPD officer. “A big, dumb puppy,” someone had once called him, and Steve had laughed it off, knowing too well that most people weren't willing to look past the job or the muscles to really seem him. But Tony never looked at him that way. Tony looked at him like he was a never-ending puzzle, something Tony was determined to discover every possible solution to.
He felt himself barreling ever closer to that edge, careening out of control while Tony worked him in tight circles just under the head of his dick. He felt hazy and fevered and perpetually on the brink, until Tony pressed a kiss to his ear and issued a command.
“You know I wouldn’t,” Steve said with a chuckle. “You good holding down the fort here, Sgt. Barnes?”
Perfect to stay there with his hip digging into the corner of the hard mahogany desk, perfect to taste the expensive whiskey on the man’s mouth, more than perfect to finally find out just how well they fit together. Somehow he knew they would, had known it from the first moment Tony had ever leveled eyes the color of swirling topaz on his own and had, with mock formality, called him “Captain”. The single word had sparked a thrill in his blood those years ago and it had only ever intensified with every case, with every late night. With every bitter argument and long look that came after.
Steve blinked, not following the rapid change in topic. “Fifth Amendment,” Rhodes said easily, clearly picking up on whatever Steve had missed.
Whatever had happened, whatever had forced Bucky to pull that trigger, he and Tony were not on the same side of this.
“That ruling was for a new trial after the verdict had been returned,” Tony said. “This was determined before we even got to the verdict.”
Tony stared at him for a long moment. “Yours,” he said, almost as if mulling the word — and all its implications — over.
A frantic tap on his shoulder was warning enough, issued with the understanding that Steve may want something different than what was about to happen. A laughable assumption, really, but he appreciated the thought — enough to take Tony deep into his throat and hollow his cheeks on the way up, earning him more swearing that sounded sweeter than a symphony before the taste of earth and salt welled up on his questing tongue.
It had been three days since Steve had seen Tony, since they had gotten the call, but it felt like years. He hated to admit it, because it wasn’t like they were dating, it wasn’t like he had any right to, but he had missed him. As he had sat through numerous meetings with Internal Affairs and the Commissioner’s office, the only thing he had wanted to do was text Tony, or stop by his office, or something.
He had many reasonings that he could offer, most of which he’d already told IAB, explanations of Bucky’s PTSD from the war and how it could easily have been set off, or how Rumlow, as former NYPD officer, knew exactly what to say to make a situation as ambiguously dangerous as possible, but he knew Tony didn’t want to hear that.
“There are ways to get help through the judicial system,” Tony said, though Steve could hear how hollow the words were. Not that Tony didn’t believe them, just that he knew — they both knew — that Steve didn’t.
What Steve was surprised to see was that the crystal decanter full of whiskey in the back corner of the room was still full, its glasses unused and empty.
“Got your text,” Rhodes said, perhaps unnecessarily, as he sat down in one of the chairs across from Tony’s desk. Steve remained standing, well aware that Rhodes was better-suited to deal with the logistics of what had gone wrong. “What happened?”
One second Tony Stark was seated at his desk, tie loosened beneath his three piece suit, and the next he was standing in front of him, hands on either side of his stubbled jaw as he pulled Steve into a searing kiss. Tony’s hands on his hips rooted him in place even as the sensation of perfectly coarse hair on his chin send his head spinning. Their lips moved against each other’s independently of thought or command, as though they’d imagined it so many times their bodies already knew the steps to this particular dance.
Steve jerked upright, glancing guiltily at the doorway. “Oh, hey Buck,” he said, fumbling for the remote.
That thrill had finally come to fruition now, with the attorney he so admired pressed against him so tightly he could feel their shared arousal in every gasped breath he managed to steal.
Steve gaped at him. “A Grand Jury?” he demanded, incredulous. “You’re considering convening a Grand Jury?”
“Sure, use this as an excuse to go talk to your boyfriend,” Bucky grumbled, but his usual teasing tone didn’t quite come through, his expression still dark.
Steve sighed as he watched the TV anchors discuss the details of the case while glossing over the more sensitive aspects of it, but before his eyes could completely glaze over, a familiar figure popped up in the B-roll the news station was showing. Despite everything, a small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he watched New York County District Attorney Tony Stark swagger down the stairs of the New York Supreme Court building, signature sunglasses in place as he was swarmed by a mob of reporters.
All he felt was gratitude when at last he was permitted to touch bronzed skin, firm dips of muscle and a sparse scattering of hair over his chest. It was humbling to realize that the number of times he’d thought of this very thing, his fantasies hadn’t even begun to approach the reality. Feeling overwhelmed, something approaching helpless, Steve dragged his lips down the strong column of Tony’s throat and kissed the top of one pectoral, feeling the warm muscle shiver under him.
Maggie flushed. She didn't know why, but she couldn't stop the heat from rising to her cheeks. "He's my friend. But unless there's an emergency, I'll be here. Training. Can I use a sling ring this time?"
"Margaret?" Strange called out. There was no response. The apartment was empty. Good. He walked to her room and put the necklace down on her side table. He adjusted it twice, before he walked back into the living room and left through his portal.
Maggie wished she didn't know. Because before the door closed, a horribly familiar man stepped into the room. True to the words of fish-bowl guy...he was on a leash.
"Sorry. Life is really crazy. I got distracted. But anyway, dad and pops are planning their wedding...well, actually, Zia Pepper is. She's a badass."
"Got it." Peter pulled his backpack on and made his way to the tower as quickly as he could, which was easy. The dance school he went to was closer to the tower than school was. He knocked on the window to the apartment and JARVIS opened it, after (Peter assumed) talking to Karen. He made it inside and dropped from the ceiling, looking around. The room was empty. "Papa?" He pulled his mask off. "Hey, you home?"
Peter looked down at his phone. It was late. And he had one missed call from Maggie. It was probably too late to get back with her. He'd send her a text so she knew it went well. "Yeah, you're right, I should go. See ya later, Beck. Your team did awesome."
Peter...didn't really know about much of the Mystic stuff. But by the look on Maggie's face, the fact that a Sanctum was under attack was bad. "What's happening?"
"You gotta rest sometimes, Maggie. I know I'm a hypocrite...I don't like sitting still. We have to sometimes though."
"I've got some cards for you. Should get you through the intro. Only vetted people got let in, questions should be pretty tame. This is yours though, you can leave at any time." Pepper said. "Oh, that won't do." She walked forward and pulled a thread from Steve's shirt and brushed dandruff from his shoulders. "Better."
"He was like you. People who are really smart are harder to slow down. The faster the mind can process the more likely they are to be conscious of time slowing down. Those things were controlled by his mind. I could slow his body, but his mind, even slowed, could keep going. Most people don't think that fast."
Steve smiled at the unconscious girl before his eyes returned to Peter's tear-stained face. "She's a good kid."
Warnings! Depictions of medical procedures, torture, vomiting, amputation, panic attacks. And all sorts of fun things that can happen with trauma to the brain...which is a lot, my research tells me, especially where I imagined Maggie as being hurt so...yay research. (I'm not a doctor yo, just read a BUNCH of things and watched videos that made me feel grossed out.)
Peter could smell the grease on him and leaned into his grip. It was comforting. Weird how the smell of grease was like coming home.
Peter's nose wrinkled. Sometimes he wished he could fly. He loved swinging, but flying would make the ground a lot less scary. "We can't all defy gravity."
With a deep breath, she dislocated her left thumb. Tears ran down her cheeks and she let out a whimper.
"Yeah. Math's easier for me. Numbers aren't so bad." She had nearly the whole week's worth of work done in calculus.
"She's having a hard time discerning what is and isn't real." Strange said, trying to comfort Vanessa.
"Have you met her? Trouble finds her and will keep doing so. Do you know how many people would hurt her to have an ounce of her ability to manipulate time?"
Peter fell asleep on the sofa. His head on Tony's shoulder, his feet on Steve's lap. Tony kissed his head gently and turned and looked at Steve. "That...let's not have a repeat." Tony whispered.
"Don't be. My power has saved me and others a lot of trouble. I haven't been able to save everyone...but I've been able to help. I've seen pictures online and videos...that Stane guy, you might want to tell your dad that he's not a friend." She frowned.
"You do pretty good already." Maggie shrugged. "I don't like being treated like glass. It makes me feel broken. I'm not broken. Most people don't know what I've been through. Seven, actually." Wade, Vanessa, Charles, Strange, Peter, Tony, and Steve. "And only four of those people know details or even my original name." Wade, Charles, Strange, and presumably Tony, given his access to the internet. "I don't tell people. Usually they find out. But I don't want their pity. I don't want anyone to tiptoe around anything. If I need something, I ask for it. Steve Rogers looks like him...looks like him at first glance. He tries to wear a hat when I'm around. He talks so I hear his voice before I see him." Maggie looked down. "I don't want special treatment or people to be afraid to tell jokes or whatever. Just respect. You already do that. You knock before you open doors. You ask questions. You give me space. If I'm hurt you give me options. You didn't tell me I needed a shower last night, you just told me where the bathroom was and said if I needed bandages changed, you'd help. That's all I need. Don't tiptoe. It doesn't help. If you say something I don't like, I'll tell you. Or I'll freak out and that'll be pretty self-explanatory."
"They said he broke his wrist, said it'll only be a few weeks in a splint. Said he's going to be fine, a bit bruised up though." Peter told him.
"Too many people. I don't feel safe." She felt her eyes water and she turned her head away in shame.
Maggie looked down. The archer was following her. "Yeah...cool. You too." Close quarters might help her against the archer. She needed to stay low, hidden. A small target. "I'm going to have to be quiet."
"That reference my brain caught." She laughed. "Sure, you can be king of the lab. Thanks for the help. You know, I don't mean to be insensitive, but it's nice having you down here more often."
Peter smelled the food truck from where he was. His stomach rumbled. It was a damn shame that it was moving, driving down the road, because he could really use something to eat. Maybe he should go home, end patrol early. That way he could eat. Wait... Peter frowned. Had the truck driven past him before?
"I'm a genius, I can figure out Gen-Z humor. I think you're all idiots, but I get it. But you're right, the media's going to be storming the tower. Lovely. Pep's going to be in a mood." Tony sighed.
Maggie shook his head. How was it that her friend was talking about not one but TWO AIs that helped him out. "Ugh, fancy pants tech."
"There's structure there. Walls firmly in place. He has rules and expectations and he pushes me. He scolds me when I don't do what I'm told. If he thinks I'm slacking off in school or practice he tells me to get my act together. He...doesn't tip-toe around it...around anything. Wade and Vanessa do, I think they worry about making anything worse." Maggie looked out over the city.
"Karen. Check everything. Is their something wrong? Something in my head? Anything?" That couldn't be. He couldn't have seen his aunt. But it was so real. She was there, walking the streets. Then she'd vanished. What the hell was that?
Maggie looked up at Peter and nodded. "No danger in this room... I can tell." Slowly, she stood, her gaze was still on the floor, but she stood. "Nice to meet you, Captain Rogers. I'm sorry about my reaction. I don't mean to offend."
Obadiah grinned and leaned back. "Well, well...you really did pull through." He reached for his phone and swiped a few times. He turned the screen around. "Consider your drone project fully funded. I can't wait to see what you can do with more of them."
Peter shook his head and watched the too casual guy step into the shadowy ally, a hand on a blade. "What do you want?"
"I was the same way, when I started with the mystic arts. I could do everything right, and nothing would happen."
"Oh." He'd taken time away from the sanctum when she was unwell? Wasn't he in charge of protecting their whole dimension? Why was he sitting in a med bay with her when she was perfectly fine and with her guardians? She tried not to look at him like he was an idiot, she knew what that felt like. Instead, she rolled with it. "Okay. Can I go home?" She looked at Wade and Vanessa.
He'd never seen Mr. Stane in person until that moment, but he'd seen the papers. He knew what the monster looked like.
The door opened. The man in gold, with a fish-bowl on his head walked in, red cape flowing behind him. "Hello, Peter."
It was a little insensitive. Usually Peter'd be upstairs working with Tony in his lab. He was only downstairs so much because of the injuries Tony'd gotten. "Um...?" It wasn't like Tracy to make comments like that. She liked everyone. Yeah, she always teased about wanting to keep Peter on her floor, but she wouldn't go that far. Never say anything happy about her boss getting hurt.
"Don't sell yourself too short, kid. By the sounds of Tracy's praise, you're one hell of an engineer. Isn't that how you got the internship?"
She settled in and ate dinner. Weird things like this made the stark difference between her life...before, back when her Dad was alive, and this moment so different. When she was little, they always ate together, at a table...and TV was not even heard of during dinner. Weird rituals like always eating at the table were forgotten. She didn't turn Wade and Vanessa's life upside-down though. They'd given her a home and all the love and support she could ask for. And it was different, it wasn't wrong, just different.
"You're telling me you can't find our girl?" Vanessa asked. "What does that mean? You can fucking see everything. You see more than the NSA!"
The teacher snatched her phone away and shut it off. "You can have it after class. Stop disrupting."
"Yes, I'm allowed to make that decision. Well, that's what happens when I'm the controlling owner of SI shares." Tony's voice was it's usual sarcastic bite. Then it was like a cloud fell over his face. And Peter understood exactly how good a businessman his dad was. "You should have thought about that a while ago. Our business is over." Tony hung up the phone. "Well, that's the last of the old BoDs."
"AM I CLEAR? Do not engage, get people to safety and stay low or I will ground you for the rest of your life."
Peter and Steve didn't move, instead, they both watched, waited. Peter had his flexibility and stickiness...he could lift more too, but that didn't matter much in this fight. Steve though, he was experienced. He would already have plans for any attack Peter might do.
"I'm at the tower. They keep...they keep trying to fix me. I can't... I don't feel safe, I want someone safe here."
"Tennis shoes?!" Peter sat on the side of his building. "Daaaaaaamn, girl. Are you Natalie Portman under the mask?"
"I was going to call you a dumbass, idiot was putting it mildly." Nat rolled her eyes. "Hey, bud. Want to come down here? I promise you're not in trouble."
"You don't have to be if you're not." Nat promised, ruffling his hair. "Won't hold it against you, little spider."
Peter nodded against his Papa's chest, feeling lightheaded. He'd been hungry before, felt weak and tired, then he'd gone from sitting to standing up and everything felt so...dizzy. Like the world was spinning triple time.
Tears ran down Peter's face. "No..." His eyes burned. Then he looked at his Papa for comfort. Something was...off about his Papa. "Are...are you real?" Peter asked, then waited on their sign. The one they'd decided on when Peter had first encountered a fake version of Tony. It had been a long time since they'd dealt with this, but his Papa would remember. They'd come up with it just for this purpose.
"I'm happy to tell you, this'll be your last day in here. But we're going to have some fun first. Don't worry, no one will hear you scream, be as loud as you want." His smile made her stomach turn.
"You hit your head, Tony. Just rest for a little bit. The problem will still be there in an hour. A bit of tea and a nap won't hurt."
"Grounded, but healthy. Her...mentor? Dr. Strange, he made sure she was alright. She got a...bunch of stitches...and they had to give her blood."
"I was thinking of wearing some sparkly gold eyeshadow. Too on the nose?" Maggie asked with a smirk.
"See ya." Peter hung up and headed to class. It was nice to hear from her...even if it wasn't exactly an upbeat conversation.
"Dad? Papa?" Peter's voice broke. It couldn't be them. He wished it was. But there was no way it was them. It was just another trick, another way to torture him. To give him hope, then take it away.
She hid her face in her knees. Worst part was...she did like Peter. He was a great friend. He was safe, respectful, kind, and a cute kind of weird. She liked him, maybe more than a friend, definitely more than frenemies.
Maggie blinked at him. "An A-. Wait, did you just say gym was your worst class? How in the hell is that true?"
"One more poke then." He agreed. He glanced at his steady hands. Funny, how his hands were steady when he didn't feel entirely steady. He was glad to know his 'doctor mode' still worked, otherwise he'd probably be scolding her for her rashness or something else.
"Hey, easy. Don't worry. It was probably a vision...just time floating in and out." Strange soothed as Vanessa wiped her tears. "You're going to be confused, it's okay, breathe. What was the question? That'll help us understand your answer."
"Look, Ms. Black Widow, you're fighting the wrong girl." Maggie gritted out, holding Nat's batons back with her staff...barely. Maggie noticed Clint drawing back his bow. Maggie couldn't take much more. She already had cuts in her body, three wounds that would all likely need stitches. And she could barely breathe, the smoke making her feel raspy and just awful.
"I'll let him know." She promised. "And I'll let you know once everything is safe. The media isn't going to be fun. Pepper's handling the SI backlash, but...there are lots of questions about Peter. I don't know how you'll avoid that, Stark."
"With help." She amended at the scolding tone Strange had. "Still a bi' of misc-c..." She sighed, frustrated.
Maggie fell forward against her desk and closed her eyes, crying silently. Her head hurt so bad. She knew it was one of her migraines. But the longer it went, the worse it got. She felt horrible, sick to her stomach. Every noise hurt. Everything hurt.
Peter's eyes widened. That wasn't even his dad's fault and he was fixing it. That was...amazing. Peter clung a little tighter to him.
"Thor, shut the fuck up, or so help me I'll pull your hair out." Nat snapped, standing up from the table and looking up at Peter.
Wednesday was another internship day. Peter was a little nervous for it. Thankfully, even in the lower labs he'd made friends and he knew that if any of his friends decided to sell him out to Stane, his sense would warn him, but still, he didn't like feeling the need to look over his shoulder. Peter got onto the elevator. "Sixteen, JARVIS."
"Well, I went to school with mutants for a year...and I don't know how to describe this." Maggie huffed. Her staff was in her gloved hands. Her hair was wild, falling around her masked face. The usual tie that held it up had broken. "Thanks, by the way. This guy can...super out-maneuver me. He's fast. I got a few hits in, but I've been using a lot of my powers."
"You're not real...are you?" Peter asked. He wanted to get this over with. It felt so nice to see his Papa's face. But he knew it would end. It would end in an awful mess.
Peter blushed, but then straightened up and folded his arms over his chest. "Yes, yes I did. So what?"
Maggie's face pinched in confusion and tears filled her eyes. "But..." Her face pinched and tears rolled down her face.
"Bring him toward me. We've got this." Maggie whispered, she knew she didn't have to speak louder than a whisper, even from across the street.
"Cool." Maggie nodded. "I uh...should head home." She felt a bit at her limit for dealing with people.
"Invisible beasts somehow got into the city. I've popped them into the mirror dimension...but well... That appears to only be a temporary solution. Even that doesn't hold them long. Trying to figure out a legitimate one that doesn't involve casualties or...destroying the fabric of reality. Hard to do when they're invisible"
"That wasn't so bad." Peter brushed himself off as he sat on the edge of the roof. "Kinda broke my rules, there was a bit more knives than anticipated..."
"They're forced to do certain jobs. The puppies are stolen from their mom... I didn't get that. Why?" Maggie wasn't going to admit that watching the film had stuck far better than reading had. She wasn't sure how well Strange would deal with that.
"I'm not leaving school. There isn't much left, anyway. I'm not going to just hide. It's the same risk no matter what, I might as well go to school." Peter protested. As much as Stane made him uneasy, Peter wasn't going to give up his life over it. He just got his life back.
"Choices have already been made. Every second, every possible future is narrowed by the choices we've already made. Don't focus on what could have been. It's dead, it doesn't exist. Only focus on that which has already been decided."
A small twitch of a smile. She coughed. She looked like she was trying to move her right hand to cover her mouth, but it was covered in tubes.
"Next time I'll kick you." She wanted that smug smile to go away and if he stabbed her again she just might punch him.
"He won't go anywhere associated with the visions we showed him. Not to the Tower or school or dance or his Aunt and Uncle's. He'd seek sanctuary outside of the nightmares we gave him."
It was adorable and pretty clever. Tony was pretty sure she'd just had one outfit Velcroed over another or...something. It was cute though. And she obviously loved to dance.
He lost his breath for a moment, then dodged her next attack. With a practiced move that he'd never used on her before, he hit her directly in the sternum. Breath left her lungs and her body started to fall backward. "Game, set, and match. Again. I have a flawless record against you." He smiled, then winced. "But you packed a punch." His side ached. Something Wilson was teaching her had to be paying off, because she was gaining muscle mass AND fighting competency. She could actually do damage...when she was close enough to someone to hit them. He stretched then he helped lower her now empty body to the floor. "You're good kid, just not quite there for my kind of weird. You're stuff probably works on normal people, don't take it too hard." He talked at her. Knowing she was likely cursing him up and down in her astral form. But, for a moment, she couldn't actually do anything. "Truce? I'll bring the spider-boy back." He spoke in the vague direction of where he imagined her astral form was.
There was no media release. Tony and Steve had announced that they'd adopted their son a while ago and that they weren't going to reveal him to the public (though Tony's phrasing had been 'throw him to the wolves') until he was ready. Peter was the only name the world had to go on.
"Scolding me for pride. You? Pot meet kettle." Tony laughed, but he still looked tired as he downed the two pills, chasing them with coffee.
"I didn't like it there. They were nice and I made friends but...it wasn't home. And I didn't feel like I fit fully. Besides, you seem to know more about...my kind of weird than they did. I know I'm not all mystical, but my powers, my mutation just meshes more with the mystical."
So many times her dad had been threatened. Her dad, more often than not, had talked his way out of it. He'd been great at talking violent people down. Maggie remembered her mother screaming one night. Dad had had a gun shoved in his face and instead of fighting back, he'd been kind, trying to talk the man down. He'd made it work, he'd come home alive that night, but mom had been furious.
"It's okay." Tony kissed his temple. "We're all a little haywire right now. But we're a team, we're going to make this work. Okay?"
"She was slowing it down...slowing the spread of the damage." It was probably the only reason why she was still alive or at least not far more seriously injured. The damage was done, but she'd kept most of the effects of the trauma from getting worse for a long time. How many hours had she held back the damage? Strange had never been more grateful for her powers.
Peter frowned. "I'm sorry, but I'm sure he'll be okay. He seems more than capable. He'll figure it out."
Time sped to it's normal pace. Peter caught the baddie and then lowered his unconscious form to the ground.
Steve got up and squeezed his shoulder. "You shouldn't be up and about. I'll heat him up some food. Go take your pain meds and get back to bed. Rest will do you good."
Strange squeezed her hands gently and kept his hands there as her head settled in the dip of his shoulder. Her eyes stayed on Harry Potter for a short while more, then she fell asleep.
Shit! Peter thought. He slowed down his workout. "Um, yeah. Dance has been great. It's always helped with the asthma. So it's been nice. Plus, Papa's been teaching me to fight, that's been exercise. Helps my lungs a lot." Peter said.
Ness gently massaged Maggie's feet. The girl wasn't...fully herself. Ness would say it was sort of like looking at her reflection in a funhouse mirror. All the pieces were still there, but different parts were out of proportions. Her energetic always moving was gone. She slept a lot more. She cried a lot more, woke up screaming from nightmares again. It had been a long time since she woke up screaming on such a regular basis. And her focus was off. She'd walk to the fridge and forget what she'd wanted by the time she got there.
"Guilt is in your head. But I need you to know you don't have any blame. I was responsible for getting me out...and I did. You aren't at fault at all." Maggie insisted. "We're still frenemies."
"It's a safety thing though too." Tony said. "Seriously, it wouldn't take me any time. You should have a way to ask for help if you need to, without having to dig out your phone."
"That's dedication." Considering she knew Dr. West was on vacation and he NEVER came in on vacation. Was this what the girl had meant? Asking what was real and what wasn't? He looked like Dr. West, sounded like Dr. West. But by all odds, couldn't be. "I just checked with the nurses. Rounds went well...considering. Everyone is...as calm as an ER can get. Oh, I shouldn't have said calm." Calm wasn't a word you said in healthcare unless you wanted shit to hit the fan shortly after. "Shit, I probably jinxed it."
"It's okay." Peter promised. "Everyone deals with stuff." They made to the first floor in peaceful silence. They walked across the lobby.
Peter couldn't believe that. Why would she give two fucks about how he was? He'd LEFT her in that hell. She must know that. Unless...how hard did she hit her head? Did she not know what he'd done? That he'd abandoned her in that torture? She'd been real. She hadn't been a projection like everything else. She'd really been there. He should have tried to save her. Instead he'd...he'd failed her. Peter cried harder but tried not to to pull his hand from the IV.
"No, but she was close to you. Fishermen know to use the right bait." He picked up a scalpel. "Now, I'm going to need your help on this one. If I were going to cut off  something, what instrument would I start with? This is a very important choice, Peter. You're the one who's going to be feeling it, after all." He picked up a circular saw in his other hand. "How about a compare and contrast, huh? For scientific purposes. Oh, and feel free to be as loud as you like. You won't spike the audio levels for our recording, we set it up really well. What do you say, for science, Peter? Like old times?"
"Just shush." Nat huffed before hopping up onto the table. "Hey there, ребенок паук, no one's mad at you. I need you to breathe okay? Thor's just being a big idiot."
Peter smelled the food truck from where he was. His stomach rumbled. It was a damn shame that it was moving, driving down the road, because he could really use something to eat. Maybe he should go home, end patrol early. That way he could eat.
Then Strange heard it. A loud creak. He turned. A man APPEARED in her room. He'd seen that man before...that monster in the news. He WAS in her room. Strange froze time and walked forward.
"Good. Ended up finding some of the weapons Vulture made. Thankfully the user was a dumbass and Maggie put a building back together."
"Oh. Weird." Maggie returned to reading. She fumbled over words she used in every day conversation. And the longer she read, the worse it seemed to get. More than once, Strange had to guide her backwards, because she'd skip a line or get the words out of order. They only got to the end of scene four before Strange had dinner done. "How does anyone understand this?"
Tony, of course, was sitting up in the bed, looking at the video from the attack. He seemed to be doing his own math, figuring out by hand exactly how much damage the opposing suit could do. "Kid, weren't you working with Tracy today?"
"Yeah. They just hurt during the rain. I think I should be okay to work like this though. Don't wanna put them back on at the moment."
Peter tried to follow along with Karen's advice. How? How did that happen? How did that seem so real? Was he hallucinating?
I do still read comments and I love every last one. Just have been super busy so I haven't found the time to reply to all of them. Doesn't mean I love you guys any less, just means I have less time and more on my mind. Sorry about that. I'll try to catch back up...someday. More notes at the end.
"None of that. You're not going anywhere." He pulled a needle from the case and put it in her neck with a painful prick and burning sensation.
Wong looked up at him, then pulled his headphones off. "Yeah, Strange. Sounds like a great idea. Next time I'll blast the next frightening little girl who shows up here to Bermuda. Ask questions later, am I right?"
"Captain Rogers wanted me to inform you that you don't need to panic. Sir is going to be okay. But there was an incident."
"Yeah." Maggie shifted, doing the same slow, grand move that she'd failed during her audition. Her body shook. In an instant, Peter's hands were on her ribs, his fingers sprawled on her back.
The Cloak on Strange's shoulders took off after her, landing on her shoulders. She giggled when it lifted her up the last flight of stairs.
"Fine. If you don't want me here. Fine." Peter snatched up his bag. "I'm heading out. I need some air." Peter couldn't stand there and take any more jabs. His brain was slipping. The last thing Peter wanted was to deal with more trauma. His life was stressful as it was.
"I can get you into a state where it's easier. I still say you should practice. You're strong enough to see these things without needing dreams to process it."
"Thanks." She said and stood up. The he saw how her head twisted. His ears caught a shout in the same direction.
"Then why don't you come home early? We can talk about it, right?" Tony asked, his voice clearly concerned.
"Mm-hm. Subtle. Don't just try to turn me. It's push and pull, not...I don't know 'yank and hope for the best'."
A bowl appeared in front of her on the coffee table, rice with vegetables and cheese. It looked as good as it smelled. "Thank you."
His spidersense screamed at him. The shield bounced and sliced through his webbing, sending him tumbling to the ground. "Fuck!"
But...there was so much to see. So many things to explore. And, while trying to mentally traverse space in a singular moment of time, she noticed other pockets of time. Other red signs of danger that called to her, asked her to pay attention, to look, to protect, to help. Time was so fluid and interconnected, touching in random spots. Her mind began to drift without her permission.
"My k?" Maggie asked, words not fully there. Why was everything so difficult? Was it medicine or...was she really hurt? How bad was it?
All things considered, Maggie didn't look bad. Strange had seen patients look much worse, but even he had to agree that looking at her made his stomach turn. Maybe it was because he knew her, he cared about her. No, he loved her, that was a more apt description.
"They're meant to be decoys. It's literally in the name. I made them as realistic as possible." Tony shrugged. "I'm paranoid, okay? I get that it doesn't help in our situation, but it usually works for me."
"As long as Clint doesn't blow up the cake, I think it'll be fun." Peter grinned. "You got to call me and tell me about this...Karma-"
She looked away, but that didn't stop the sting of the needle from hurting. And she thought the pressure her elbow was applying to the gauze covering the wound on her side was bad, the needle was worse.
"Good." Steve smiled. "How about you get washed up? We'll have dinner in a little bit. I think Tony's finally got the bread where we need it."
Maggie sat up straight. "You mean...like someone doesn't want to hurt him, but puts him in danger anyway? Like...bait?"
"You're welcome, my favorite baby elephant nephew." She responded without a single hitch and ruffled his hair. "You should get some rest. Tomorrow is a school day."
Tony made a soft, happy sound. "Love you too. Papa's going to do some investigating, but he'll meet us at the house. Stay safe. JARVIS, Karen, and I are watching. And Happy's the best. He'll keep you safe. God knows he's always kept me safe...mostly from myself, but you get the point."
He stepped back into the sanctum and paused. She'd been wearing the necklace all weakened. That was good. He didn't really know how to explain it to her. It wasn't like he'd track her without any reason. But...it was nice to know that if she was in trouble he could get to her. No matter where or when she was.
The lights came back up, revealing a backdrop. To anyone else, the particular skyline behind Peter would mean nothing. But Tony knew immediately what street Peter was on, he could even see the shadow of Peter's steeple in it. Steve, obviously saw it too, because he took a sharp breath. Animated across the backdrop were shadows of people walking by, as if all the people walked past the boy in his grief.
"FUCK! WHAT THE FUCK!?" Maggie scrambled back and tumbled to the ground. Her hands leaving bloody prints as she tried to get away from the body. She tried to get away, get out. But it was all brick walls. Everything was brick. She had to get out, get away.
Steve took a deep breath. He hated being a dancing monkey. But if it meant sparing Tony the pain of it, he'd jump in front of the metaphorical bullet. Especially when the man was already down a little bit. Steve looked of at the sound of an opening door, saw Pepper and smiled genuinely.
"Gotta go. Karen, what's going on?" Peter shot a web across the street at a building. "See you, Aaron!" He shouted as he swung away.
"No' your faul'." She was getting tired of everyone blaming themselves. It had taken years of therapy to learn to blame the bad guys, not herself. But they didn't seem to be at that point. "Gonna keep i'." She said before taking another bite of food.
The world was still crazy. To be fair though...the news was not being too difficult about HIM. They were on SI for the scandals. On Tony, questioning his playboy ways and if he'd always had a hidden son in his tower. Calling Steve an idiot or naïve for being with a liar.
"I've...never had a vision while I was awake before. That's scary." Maggie whispered. "It's so much. It felt so real. Like I was there. Two places at once. Present and future blurred."
"Hello, Beck." Wade said, sitting on the roof of a car. He waved a hand. "Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?" He couldn't even force a smile under his mask. It had been a week. A week too long. Wade had barely been able to rest. He'd seen Maggie a couple times. The last time he'd seen her, she was up and walking, still a little dazed and dizzy, her speech a bit off. But she wasn't on machines anymore, she had painkillers, but not much else.
"The better I get the harder it is to use my powers. I don't want to LOSE my ability to help people to-"
Peter froze when the saw rested against his cheek, small pricks of pain coming alive on his skin as his spidersense screamed at him.
Peter didn't seem to notice anything. "There you are, Mags. That is upright. You were leaning to the side. Try your pivots now."
Maggie felt...somewhat confident in Hamlet. But she didn't quite feel okay about Animal Farm. She felt like she'd missed a lot of the political subtext. "So...it's a commentary about socialism or communism, right? And... how it starts with a good idea...but they end up corrupted because people by nature are greedy and will want power. 'Some people are MORE equal than others'."
Maggie sat down across from him. "Now, you're going to tell me why you're avoiding me. Because I can't leave until this is fixed."
"No problem, Pete." Aaron stood up straight. "They love you, I know it. He got hurt, he's probably under some stress. Just give it some air."
"Eh, probably." Clint shrugged. "Seriously though, we're your teammates. You can trust us with Tony too."
"Oh, honey. You're vanilla next to me." Wade said, swinging his legs. "And I really don't like mother fuckers who hurt kids."
"Thanks. We're doing a review of Hamlet and Animal Farm. Those should be what the last test is over. Hopefully I'll nail the test."
Peter took turns wearing both suits. They weren't like the one he'd worn to Ben's and May's funerals. These were fitted to him, comfortable, even. Like a second skin.
Maggie nodded at him. "This thing won't do much to him, but I can slow him down for you or speed you up. Let me know. I've got you."
"We're not going to be doing anything strenuous. No overtaxing the mind. No advanced math or reading French."
Her body jerked at once, jolted by something. She didn't open her eyes, but he could tell she'd woken up. Something had disturbed her. It couldn't have been a dream. Not that quickly. Her powers alerting her? The room was still empty. She started to relax. Her body almost seemed to find peace again.
"Early implies a normal day-night cycle. I haven't slept so it's technically late for me." Tony snorted and finished his coffee. "You leave your old man in the dust, did you?"
Peter stretched slowly. Something felt wrong. His spidersense had been going off ever since he left school and headed to dance. He glanced at Maggie. She was standing by the mirrored wall, not stretching at all. Her eyes were darting between herself, Peter, then somewhere beyond the walls quickly. Her danger sense must've been going haywire too, not a good sign.
That was answer enough. Peter knew about Deadpool though. Beck would be dead...it would just depend on when he decided to let it happen. Peter wished he could feel sorry. But after all the lies...after all he'd put Peter and his family through...after seeing all that Maggie and her family had gone through... He couldn't force himself to be sorry.
"Oh the dance partner. Lovely to meet you in person." Steve spoke like nothing was strange. It...seemed to help. The tension in Maggie's shoulders lessened.
Her vision blurred as he pulled again on her hair and slammed her head against the wall again. Every time that spot hit the wall, it hurt worse.
Danger burned around her in bright red. A tall man with a beard and brown hair stepped from the door, lid off his cup as he went to put a tea bag in it, and immediately ran into her, spilling something hot on her shirt.
"I'm gonna help too!" Wade shouted, joining them. "And by help, I mean, I hope they wore their red clothes."
"A friend. Dr. Cho, Reset, Reset, Dr. Cho. Could you help her out?" Peter asked, debating to himself.
Clint pointed down. "You can see in the dirt and grime. Imprints. Someone was laying here. Someone small by the looks of it. A kid...they were dragged to the middle there." There were drag marks leading to the center of the alley.
Maggie looked at her phone and laughed at a text she'd gotten. She rolled her eyes, sent back a single emoji, and then locked her phone. "You haven't seen Hannibal, obviously. You should look it up some time." She shrugged and swung her feet idly. "Was the food good?"
Maggie looked at him and tilted her head to the side. "I've never seen you in normal clothes before."
"No, no, no, no." She shook her head. "They were watching us. They'd KNOW that. Something only WE know."
Karen's silence was not reassuring. "I believe he simply wants you home safe right now. You can ask him when you get there."
A loud creak echoed in her room. Floorboards shifting under the weight of SOMEONE who was in her room.
"He's not going to follow them, you realize? The no knife and no gun rule? Those are going to be broken so damn fast." Tony did not sound happy about it.
"Taller buildings are easier to swing from. Physics and surface area, Dad." Peter chuckled, but held Tony a little tighter, hearing that Tony's heart was beating a little faster than normal.
That was her. That was his aunt May. The high-waisted black pants. Her favorite green blouse. Her glasses. That...that was his aunt.
"You married an old man, Tony." Rhodey sighed, patting his back firmly. "You're stuck with that clueless oaf."
HE was there. In the room. His neat gold hair. His sharp eyes. His towering height. She wanted to scream, but her lungs couldn't take in air, let alone remember how to scream.
"Um...I left you a present. We didn't talk about it...but you'll find out when you put the mask on and um...land safely. Um..." Tony suddenly pulled Peter into a hug. "Are you sure you don't want to start on a smaller building?"
"I hate everything about this game." Dr. Strange huffed. His cloak left his shoulders and flew to Maggie, it embraced her in a weird sort-of hug around her shoulders. She patted it fondly.
"Thank you, honey." Tony sighed as he took a sip. He put the mug down and fumbled with a pill bottle. He looked tired, his hair a mess, his facial hair wasn't groomed, he was in a tank top and sleep pants, his arm in a sling. Dark bruises visible along his left side.
"That way you can get back to her quicker." Wong said. "I'll look after everything here so you can stay with her."
'In loving memory of Richard, Mary, Ben, and May Parker. For my found family, who showed me that family doesn't end or even begin in blood, but in unconditional love.'
"Yeah." Peter nodded, grabbing food. "Uh, keep some space with her. She...has a thing, not sure, but just keep some space, okay? Even with people she knows and trusts she likes to have her space."
"I wasn't going to ask to use the Time Stone like a 1 Up Mushroom, okay?" Maggie huffed and folded her gloved arms over her chest. It was a warmer day, so she wore a short sleeve shirt, but long gloves. He was always on her about training, about getting better. Sort of the same way her dad had gotten on her when they'd found out she was dyslexic. Not harsh, really just... tough love. "I think I need something a little more up your alley."
"She's having a nightmare." Vanessa whispered. It hurt to see the way her breath sped up, her eyes darting under her eyelids, her fists clenching.
Peter was almost two hours past curfew, had left the internship early, and as far as Tony knew, hadn't eaten. Tony glanced at Steve, who didn't look pleased either, but Tony didn't want to lose it on Peter. The kid had gone through enough recently. He didn't want to go off on the boy, even if he was angry and even though it was justified. Still, Peter couldn't go without some sort of talking to, because going out like that wasn't safe. He took a deep breath in as Peter walked toward the kitchen, wearing a loose pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt.
Nat reached out and put her hands firmly on his shoulders. "We will, go somewhere safe. You did good clearing it out for us." She smiled. "Clint, you ready yet?"
"We went through this with Maggie yesterday...actually less than that...it's been less than eighteen hours and it's felt like years... I know it sucks."
Tony rolled his eyes. "Yes, it's because you're all sore losers." The movie started, with singing. Tony groaned and covered an ear with his functioning hand. "Dammit, I can't even cover both my ears!"
"I didn't get a hard deadline or anything." Peter knew he was supposed to, then he'd...well, collapsed of starvation and well... He hadn't gotten the deadline. That bit had been forgotten amidst everything else. Maybe they'd talk about it once Tony was back tomorrow. Peter'd get to go upstairs then, work with his Dad, no more worrying about anything strange downstairs. No more fake Tony. Just the internship as it should be. "Think he got distracted, with the explosion and all. But I hope I'm doing well enough."
"I'm always outnumbered, JARVIS, that's how it works when you have the highest recorded IQ ever. It's not my fault I'm on a higher plain of existence."
Strange nodded in understanding. "I'm sorry, sweetie. It's one of those things that comes with brain injuries, Margie. I know it's scary and uncomfortable." He gently put a hand on her shoulder. "I know it's overwhelming."
"She got herself out..." Wade whispered in realization. "Don't envy that." His jaw tightened and he looked at Strange. "Any...other trauma? They...they threatened her w-with" Wade took a deep breath and clenched his fists in anger. "They threatened her with sexual assault. I...don't know if it was just to keep her scared or if they..."
"Peter, you had the whole front row in tears. Yes. If strangers got it, your parents definitely got it. That was a brilliantly designed dance."
Ned sighed when his phone went off. He'd move the delicate part of the Hogwarts Castle gently to his desk from the floor, then he grabbed his phone and looked at his texts. A group text.
"Peter's not wrong. I'd agree with him. Hiding him runs the risk of painting a bigger target on his back. Letting him live normally is more appropriate at this time."
"I'll work on catching him up." Peter promised. "Speaking of." Peter said, nudging his papa with his elbow.
Happy always made sure the care was filled with cold drinks and snacks for Peter. Peter always appreciated it, so did his stomach.
"She's in room four-thirty-one." Christine said. "I've got stitches to put in a Mr. Aaron Davis. Apparently got stabbed. Would be nice to have a neurosurgeon check on the head trauma." She said, then walked away. She headed toward Aaron Davis' room, but heard Not-Dr. West's angry tone.
"I don't need the girl anymore. Allen, get me everything you can on this church. Everyone else, go to location three...get the chair ready."
"Sure thing, sweetie. You want to open your eyes for me?" Vanessa asked gently. "Can I see those baby blues?"
Maggie's eyes turned and she vaguely saw Dr. Strange on her right side. She tried to speak, but her tongue felt heavy. What was wrong with her? Her breathing picked up.
"Hey, Reese. Got you something." Peter landed on the building and held out a carboard cup with a lid on it. It was steaming gently.
"Oh. Well that makes sense. I mean, if someone's coming up with spells they'd have to DO the spells before they figured out what happened with them."
"About that. No one can know he's Spiderman. You, me, Tony, and Steve are the only ones who know. So keep your mouth shut, won't you?" Nat asked in a deadpan voice.
Maggie was surprised nothing hurt, she imagined it was the painkillers still in her system. She walked through the portal, glad that Wade was supporting her, even though she didn't feel pain. Her head felt light. Wade helped her through the living room and into her room. "Thanks."
The cloak promptly, but gently put her down as if scolded, then wrapped tenderly around her, as if trying to help.
"You shouldn't have underestimated me." Tony smiled. "You keep making that mistake. When will you learn?"
Dr. Strange nodded. "You can have both. I'll help you find a way. You don't have to trade away parts of yourself. But you have to try harder, Margaret. I know you aren't putting your full focus in. I can tell. I've seen your full focus before, I know what it's like. You don't focus when you read."
"I can speed people up and myself. I can get people out. You keep the street clear." Maggie protested.
"That will be the drugs talking. Look at you getting all recreational. Just don't make it a habit, okay?" Wade teased.
Steve put his phone in his pocket and walked forward. "I got a list for you, but it's shorter than normal. Is it okay?"
"Must have a really quick brain...or maybe it's your powers. Only ever met two other people who could tell when I used my powers. Come with me. I'll...explain."
"Trust me, he isn't good. I know you don't like hurting people, but sometimes there's only one way to stop someon-"
Maggie heard the bottle of pills rattle. Obviously the lady behind the desk was not going to mess around with her dad.
"Mm." Maggie nodded. "I really like hip-hop, contemporary, I feel those two really allow me the most interpretation, which is fun. I like quickstep, tango, and every now again a waltz is just." She did a chefs kiss.
"That's until Clint climbs into the vents and starts whispering shit to me during class." Peter tried to lessen the tension.
"No. Has to do with my internship. I'm...going to announce my project. I'm trying to figure out what I should wear."
"Sir is currently being treated for broken bones and a concussion. He also needed ten stitches, but he appears to be doing alright, all things considered."
"Yeah, it did. Won't be too long now." Peter brightened. "It'll be nice. We're already family, but then all the paperwork will be official."
She made herself some eggs and toast and ate them, before downing her pills as quickly as she could. All her stitches hurt at the usually simple task. As she worked on the rest of her juice, she felt the familiar greeting of the cloak around her. "Hey, Cape-y." Sometimes she wished the sweet thing could talk back. She imagined the cape would be both sweet and sassy. "Good morning to you too."
The door opened and Peter turned. Clint was there. He strode in without a limp, as if he wasn't bleeding.
"I'll try to get you there." Peter promised. "You can already follow decently. I know dad can at least dance a little, so you should be good there. So let's just keep working." Peter looked up. "JARVIS, drop the needle."
"It's Italian for aunt. I just can't... I can't say those words to other people...not after everything. It makes me feel a bit sick...like I'm betraying May or Ben. So, same meaning, different word, it feels better. Anyway. It's been cool. Pepper made them stop arguing about me. Zio Rhodey is gonna be Dad's best man and someone named Sam is Papa's. I haven't met him. Apparently they met in DC and have done some work together in the field. Papa say's he's cool."
The principal glared at him. "Teenagers will give out their medications to their friends. We're stopping them from sharing their medications with other students."
Peter was nervous. Nervous enough that if he weren't in where someone could see him he'd be pacing the walls and the ceiling trying to calm down. Peter couldn't really focus on the task at hand.
She cried and leaned into his touch. She didn't know if she felt more or less broken now. She'd just always assumed she couldn't feel these things, couldn't feel what normal people felt. She thought she'd been broken even before her step-father had... Because he'd called her broken for not feeling the right way. Was it better or worse that she could feel something like that? She didn't know. "Dad...?"
That was weird. She was always at practice. They'd been working on this for a month. The performance was in two weeks. Peter was hoping to get this down, it would be the first one his parents could see. And he'd picked the song for them. Isabelle had let him take control over their project. He'd said he wanted to tell a sad story with a happy ending, she'd suggested songs and let him pace it once Peter'd talked about his story. He hadn't told her all the details, only that it was sort of a love story to both the family he'd lost and his found family. She'd picked the song Ashes and they were really starting to come up with something.
Peter was glad that Tony guided him away. He wasn't sure if there was sound or not. Everything blurred. Then he relaxed when he found himself alone in a room with Tony.
Cho nodded, then walked over to Peter. "Hey, my favorite patient. Your dad is on the good stuff. We're going to start working. Just wanted to let you know he's going to be absolutely fine, okay? So you can relax and worry about healing for yourself, okay?"
Peter looked down at himself. "Shit. No. I have an announcement thing later and my friend Ned was helping me pick something to wear to be classy but not too much, but also not embarrass my dad. Anyway, long story."
Dr. Strange was nearly out of his room by then. Who could get into the Sanctum? Why...why were the screams coming from Margaret's room? He was terrified of what he'd find. Golden light formed into weapons in his his hands as he forced the door open.
Steve snorted. "He certainly looks like he's got a little crush. It's cute. Regardless, I'm glad he has someone his age who can really relate to him. It can't be easy on him. Even though he's got other enhanced people in his life, it probably helps to have one around his age."
Peter sighed. He knew that feeling. When he was little he'd cried every single time May or Ben left the house. He was afraid they'd never come back...the same way his parents had. Even now, he still felt his chest tighten when Steve or Tony went out to fight bad guys. "He'll be alright."
She tried to focus, calm her mind. Nothing was coming up. No images, no feelings, no vibes. Just her and her thoughts. She knew nothing was going to come up today, she already had that feeling, but she'd try anyway.
Peter watched the man go, then he shifted his hands in the cuffs. Trying to test them. They didn't budge. At all. What were these things made of?
By the time they got to the cake, Clint and Thor already had some and were calmly eating it. Clint was sitting on the table with his legs swinging. "Want some?" He offered a plate to Peter.
"You are all horrible." Tony groaned. "I'm reprograming you, JARVIS. This house isn't a democracy. I alone am the law." He took the food that Steve offered him.
He turned it over and gently removed the tape. He put a piece of gauze over the injection site. He pulled the needle from her skin.
The next day at class, Peter stretched, like he was supposed to, but while it felt nice, he didn't really need it, not like the other's did. He was super flexible now. They were starting with barre, which wasn't Peter's favorite. But he was going to get to work on the routine with his partner Isabelle soon. Except... He looked around the small classroom as warm-ups began, but Isabelle wasn't around.
Tony closed his eyes and hid against Steve's chest for one more moment before he nodded and pulled away. "Okay." He turned and picked up Peter's phone. Maybe he could find some sort of hint on it. Maybe Karen had picked up audio, maybe noticed that he was under duress. Something.
Peter woke slowly, three fingers were missing from his left hand, blood on the arm of the chair dripped to the floor.
"The suit's awesome. I just got hungry." Peter shrugged. "I guess I'm not used to working out so much...or going too long without food. Good things, though, right?"
"I'm not, Peter. That is what I am trying to tell you. Sir wanted you to have a whole AI to yourself."
Steve looked at Tony. "I'll regroup the team. If you can narrow them down a little further. That would help."
The silence lasted for a beat. Then Steve broke out his PSA voice. "So, you've got a crush. Believe me, I know a thing or two about-"
Peter dropped down next to her and could hear something metallic and shifting from somewhere on the other side of the building. "Hey, what's up?"
It'd been three days. She hoped they were feeding Peter more than they were feeding her. She was hungry, she couldn't imagine how Peter would feel, though if they were giving him the same food they were giving her.
"Anyway, Dr. STRANGE is taking me. He says its a good environment for learning, one that will help me focus. So I'm going there... I don't know how long."
The door was yanked open. Dr. Strange's eyes looked down at the place where Peter's hand was on Maggie's side. His eyes lifted back up and he raised an eyebrow at Peter and leveled an impressive glare at him.
"Oh, I know." She chuckled. "You're going to have to see me next week, I'll see if I can take the cast off then."
"She can sense danger." Wade said. "She probably knew something was wrong or that something was about to be wrong."
"Dad, I saw her." Peter said, tears running down his face. "I miss her so much. And she was right there and I couldn't...I ran and I couldn't get to her."
Strange clasped his shaky hands and leaned forward. "Not trying to be weird. But what's the best way to go about those...possible weak spots?"
"I didn't let them. I was scared." Maggie protested, grabbing the cuff of his sleeve so he wouldn't go after the nurses or doctors.
"Yes." Dr. Strange said, then he sighed and looked down at his hands. He sat in the chair opposite of her. "I'm not exactly good with expression."
"Girl's got bite. I like her." Clint said it loud enough that hopefully the frightened child heard him. He really didn't want to hurt her. He just wanted to stop her. "I'll get up there. Let's get this bastard, finally."
When he walked her out that night and watched her get into the taxi with Wade and Vanessa, he waved then paused. Something wet fell on his cheek. He looked up and more rain fell. When he looked back down, Maggie was looking out through the window, pointing at the droplets on it with an 'I told you so' look.
"Oh, please don't. My heart can't take it." Peter said tears in his eyes as... Yup. She stopped on her right foot, then did the 'bring it around town'. "If you weren't already grounded, you'd be grounded again. That was ridiculous."
"I'll walk you out." Peter grinned. "Make sure you take the suit for a test-drive. Anything you can think of needing, let us know, okay?"
Dr. Strange eyed him, and for a moment Peter thought he was going to get a scolding too. But Strange smiled slightly. "She could do. She doesn't know how yet. In a fight, everything gets...blurry. Lots of running and fighting and fear. You both did fantastic. You held things together." Strange looked at Maggie and sighed. "She should have backed away sooner. She used too much of her powers at once. She doesn't have a full grasp of them yet. They leave her dazed, confused, weak, especially when she is doing so much. It's not your fault. She kept going when she shouldn't have. Nothing to do with you. I'm working on training her...seems we're going to have to do more of that. And pound some common sense into her head." Strange shook his head. "You can't give away your healing. That's not on you. She'll be fine. She will need time though."
"Call Wade Wilson." The phone didn't have results. Shit, Peter had changed her contacts. "Call Vanessa Wilson." That one worked. She put the phone to her ear. "Ness?"
Though he had a firm set to his face, there was some amusement and fondness in his sharp gray-blue eyes. "What is it this time, Margaret? Aren't you supposed to be at school? Are you alright?" His voice was dry, but there was a slight hint of concern.
Ness looked up at Strange and raised an eyebrow. He, of course, didn't see her. His head was down, eyes closed as he gently pressed a kiss to the top of her head. When he did lift his head, his cheeks turned pink.
He heard Nat sprinting toward him, but he saw Steve coming too. Shit, he hadn't gone for his shield, he was sticking with his teammate.
"Ouch, you know who you're talking to, right?" God, even the inflection was good, but it wasn't Tony. It wasn't. The fake, however it was made, was really, really good. The only flaw, the only problem with the not-Tony was that Peter could hear heartbeats. Anyone else would be fooled. Even Peter'd been fooled because it looked and seemed so like Tony that he didn't even think to listen for something to be off. But then he'd paid attention and he knew.
Maggie fidgeted as she put her retainers in the bag and bit her lip. She wanted to pace, but when she walked the stitches all over pulled at her movements. She tried to move as little as possible to avoid the discomfort. She needed something to do to distract her. Something. She picked up her phone and dialed her friend. It shifted to video chat. Immediately.
"Sir, I hate to interrupt. But I believe I've just found indication that Mr. Stane will be selling weapons tomorrow."
"Oh... I haven't done that outside of dreams before. I haven't heard or seen things while awake before." Maggie said with wide eyes. Access to the future wasn't something she had, accept for in dreams.
"Yup." Tony promised. He grabbed the pamphlet and flipped through it. It was a whole booklet, not unlike a playbill. There were pictures and descriptions of acts. Tony flipped through it until he got to a page with Peter's name on it.
He'd placed the appropriate bets though. Stane wasn't good enough to take out Tony. No. Beck knew the true way to do it. Don't attack a fighter with direct force. No...take out their hearts, make them weak, then leave them shattered. Easy as pie.
"I do sometimes. Just isn't really worth it. Only take twenty minutes more to walk. If it's nice out, I'd rather get some air and sunshine." Maggie shrugged.
"Alright." Peter said, signing into his computer. Tony, thankfully, wasn't anywhere near the lab on Friday. In fact, Tony hadn't done anything active since. He'd been laying in bed for the most part, sleeping. Peter knew Tony had a hard time apologizing, but it seemed like one, the way he'd kept strictly to his bedrest. Peter was glad his dad was resting. "So, I had a brain blast today."
"Big mood. Maybe I'll have a tide pod, I hear they taste like Gushers." Peter joked. "I don't think I wanna know what an angry Miss Potts looks like."
Maggie raised her hand and knocked on the door of 177 Bleeker Street. There was no answer, so she pushed open the door and stepped in. The air inside the Sanctum, as always, was electric. Maggie knew it wasn't the sanctum itself. She always felt stronger, more powerful when she was around Doctor Strange, and it wasn't him that did it. It was that thing he wore around his neck. Though, there was a comfort to being around the man himself, not just the stone. She'd seen the stone once, back when the other lady had worn it. The stone glowed the same color that she did when she used her powers. She liked being around it, it made her feel strong, but it also made her mind a little fuzzy, a little less logical and more chaotic.
"Hey! I do that...sorta. I'm self-taught." Peter laughed happily. "Maybe we can do a trade. You teach me quickstep and I can help you with aerial."
"We'll go soon." Peter promised and sat the baddie up on the corner of the building. "Karen, call the police. Let them know what happened. And Karen, is Dr. Cho around?"
She relaxed and let him pull her. Her leg shook worse, but then she felt her weight come off her balancing leg. Peter'd lifted her off of it.
"His name really is Strange...though it is oddly fitting. Wade said it's what Stan Lee and the guys call irony...but I don't know what he means by that." Maggie shrugged. "Itsy-Bitsy, why are you here?"
Maggie could see the lights through the walls, the lights hurt, but she had to watch. People were moving. It...almost looked like they were packing. Had they been found out? They were moving somewhere. Did they find Peter? Her chest squeezed tight. She hoped not. She didn't tell them. She wouldn't. But...if they were moving, leaving. Why hadn't they tried to move her?
"Yeah, it's pretty important to make sure everything is where it should be. So we take time and make sure it's perfect."
Fear gets replaced with arousal, and Steve’s thumb is replaced with his tongue. A moan gets ripped out of him and then, all too quickly, Steve is not touching him anywhere, he stands there, a tension creeping into the space between them. It takes Tony a few seconds to look up at him, his eyes shocked and pleading, already missing the warmth of his mouth; Steve turns around and just as fast as he arrived, he leaves. The tension disappears just as quickly as Steve’s silhouette in the night.
“If you hadn’t saved half the universe, The Avengers and every empowered being would be behind bars now with an electric collar around their necks.” Rhodey laments. The lines on his forehead are more pronounced lately. Life has not been kind to his friend, and it weighs him down that most lines Tony has carved there with his actions. “People are scared; they know Rogers isn’t the most powerful of us, and yet he has kept himself from getting caught for this long.”
In retrospect, Tony should have expected Steve to go back and find him, only he didn’t. And when he did show up at his door with a dark beard covering half his face, his blonde hair pushed back and blue eyes hard, he almost had a heart attack.
The outside of the small apartment is cold. Steve is barefoot and the bitter taste of fear is so strong in his tongue that it makes it nearly impossible to talk.
Tony charges the repulsor, it illuminates the side of Steve’s face with a faint blue color, and it burns the skin of his ear a little. Tony knows it must hurt like a bitch, but Steve, the fucking psychopath, actually leans into it, as if reassured by it’s warm.
Tony bites his lips hard, demanding, drawing a bit of blood. Like all the important parts of their story, this one is also written in red.
Tony counts to three, feels thrilled for a moment that he might actually win the war against the great Captain America-turned-murderer, but then without warning, he drops his hand to his side.
There is a fleeting second, which he might have missed had he not been hyper-focused on Steve’s every move, where he could see a murderous rage flick in his eyes. Easier than a shift of his hand, Steve could have just ended Tony’s life, but instead, he takes both hands out and spreads Tony’s legs and fucks him deeply and eagerly. And Tony knows there won’t be anyone else for him after this, that no one could manage to get his blood pumping so fast and his skin to feel like it is catching on fire after every touch. He wants to close his eyes at the overwhelming sensation but he would be damned if he misses the way that Steve looks above him, chest glistening with the tiniest layer of sweat and a faint blush making its way down his torso as he thrust into him with controlled force. Tony arches his back, mouth falling open as the force of his orgasm finally hits and that’s when he passes out.
And then he lets himself be talked into giving a press conference, and there is the adrenaline of lying live in front of a camera, his tinted glasses are in place, and he clears his throat before he starts calling Steve names.
Steve thinks this is how he is supposed to die. This is how he should die, exhaling his last breath into Tony’s mouth, his lungs collapsing while he can feel Tony’s expanding underneath his hands.
He doesn’t answer for a few seconds, his blue eyes glued to the screen. “Why do you keep letting me in?” he asks after the silence has stretched between them.
In the end, he locks himself back into his workshop, trying too hard to dismiss everything that just happened as some kind of overworked hallucination. And honestly, it wouldn’t be the first time.
It’s childish and vengeful, and all around the result of a Tony that has been so hurt that he just wants the disappointment to come so he can deal with it quickly.
So Tony is understandably perplexed. To his eyes, it doesn’t make any sense. He thought he had healed enough to understand where Steve was coming from in the so-called Civil War but now he only sees a man with no regard, much less an ounce of respect, for the order he had fought so hard to rebuild.
Steve Rogers is not Captain America anymore. The star on his suit — the one that used to shine and represent the country he fought for —  is now a target on his chest and those he saved are the ones looking to fill it with bullet holes.
Turning, Tony looked at him through new eyes. Seeing something new to him, perhaps, though Steve had always been certain he was a terrible poker player and the way he felt about the prosecutor was etched into the slowly deepening creases of his eyes.
“Because Brock Rumlow was just shot to death,” Tony said, draining his whiskey in a single gulp. “By one Sgt. James Barnes.”
For all his strength, he found himself weakened by the man in his arms. Rendered incapable of rational thought or action once Tony licked into his mouth and dug blunted fingertips into his side like he knew Steve might try and leave, never speaking of his again.
Bucky gave him a sloppy salute. “Aye, aye, Cap’n,” he said sarcastically, and Steve just shook his head as he was already halfway out the door, mind on Tony Stark and not on the dark look that once again clouded Bucky’s expression.
“Language,” he reminded against the silken flesh on his lips and Tony had the presence of mind to look incredulous.
Tony nodded, half-smiling. “Yeah, I’m sure you do,” he muttered, for the first time making his way over to the whiskey and pouring himself a generous three fingers. “So,” he said, for the first time turning fully to Steve, “what can the New York County DA’s office do for the NYPD, Captain?”
“And last time I checked, I don’t take orders from you.” Steve shot back. “So why don’t you try talking to me instead of trying to force me out of your office?”
“There are no sides,” Steve told him. “And I know you’re doing what you believe in. So…” He paused, kicking his lips, weighing what he wanted to say against what he should. “So no matter what, I promise you, if you need me, I’ll be here.”
Steve shook his head slowly. “I can’t — I can’t turn my back on Bucky,” he said, because he couldn’t. No matter what else may happen, he couldn’t do that. “Maybe I wish I could, but—”
“Just answer one question for me,” he said, sounding tired, defeated. “If it had been you, if you had been standing where Barnes was, would you have taken that shot?”
“And you’re no longer a soldier, Rogers, and this isn’t a war,” Tony shot back. “There are laws and systems in place for a reason and it’s not on you — or Barnes — to circumvent those laws.”
“You really wanna talk about civil asset forfeiture?” Rhodes exclaimed. “You really wanna go there?”
Tony laughed, and Steve felt himself finally relax, just slightly, at the sound he hadn’t even realized he’d been waiting to hear. “Sorry,” Tony said, aimed more at Steve than Rhodes. “Long day. Needed to clear my head.”
“I know that—” Tony said, more irritated than normal, and Steve tuned back into the conversation, in case he needed to step in.
Tony glanced up at him, looking somehow more exhausted than he had three days ago. “Depends,” he said. “You got your lawyer with you?”
He turned again to leave, and this time, he didn’t pause when Tony spoke. “I won’t,” Tony said, so quietly that Steve could barely hear him.
Rhodes grinned, though it looked more like a grimace. “Sorry about the drunken sailors about to descend on your city,” he said. “No one knows what to do with them.”
Clearly Tony had no intention of going back in front of news cameras after the mistrial had been declared.
“But that’s exactly why I need to go.” Dark eyes found his, jolted wide in surprise.  Had he thought Steve meant the job? The city entirely? Maybe he had. “I think you and I both know this won’t go anywhere good. We shouldn’t pretend that it won’t end with us on opposite sides, trying to stay together while we tear each other apart.”
, and yet. You drive me crazy, and what’s worse is you know it.” He sighed. “And I don’t want to see you on the other side of this. So—” He broke off, and for the first time, Steve could see the hesitation, the vulnerability that Tony had spent his entire life trying to hide from every single person he knew. Every single person he loved. “Testify for the prosecution. Tell the truth, that Barnes acted alone. So far nothing has happened that can’t be undone.”
“No,” he answered easily and felt the intractable pull of Tony as he stepped another foot forward. Closer to the heat he would have sworn he’d imagined if only it didn’t sear his skin the closer he came. “No, it doesn’t.”
“Go?” Steve repeated, hastening to follow Tony’s lead and get his clothes back in place, even if he had no intention of leaving. After all, while he had figured Tony wasn’t the type to need or want cuddling or breakfast after sex, Steve was still too much of a gentleman to just zip his pants up and walk away. “What do you mean, go?”
Abruptly, Tony stood, and Steve watched with narrowed eyes as he made his way over to his whiskey decanter, which was noticeably more empty than it had been a few days ago. “Even if I was,” Tony said, his voice even, “you know that I’m not allowed to discuss it. Not with you, not with anyone.”
The question was unnecessary, he thought. And more than that it was ridiculous. Steve knew who Tony was, he’d always known who he was, but maybe here — maybe now more than ever — that was exactly the problem. Maybe his knowledge of Tony, his seemingly primal awareness of every breath that expanded the man’s lungs and every knot of tension that toughened his broad shoulders, would be what finally brought the captain to his knees.
“I know that, too!” Tony snapped, his face red, his expression dangerous. He turned to look out the window, his arms crossed tightly in front of his chest, and Steve glanced at Rhodes, who didn’t seem concerned yet.
It was with hardly another syllable of protest that Steve watched Tony spit in his hand and wrap it roughly around the length of him. Tight, hot. Shaking slightly with the release Steve had given him only moments before, and surely it was that knowledge more than the physical sensations themselves that had him jerking into the firm grip.
Not that it mattered. Steve couldn’t quite string together any words, feeling every word of the call he had just gotten like a punch to his stomach.
Tony delivered the words with uncharacteristic flatness, and Steve winced slightly. “I want to talk about Bucky.”
NYPD Captain Steve Rogers leaned back in his desk chair, tempted to prop his feet up on his desk like his favorite prosecutor was wont to do, but his rigid training from his time in the Army wouldn’t quite let him. Not in the workplace, at least, though he had been known to put his feet up on the coffee table at home from time to time.
He looked like he wanted to say something in response to that, but before he could, they had arrived at Tony’s office, where a rather-frazzled looking Jarvis waved them in without a word.
“Then, the passing of a titan. After Howard Stark’s tragic death, Tony Stark took over as partner at Stark, Ransom and Richards LLP. Expected to continue his father’s legacy of managing acquisitions and defending high-profile clients, Tony instead rejected that path, stepped down as partner at his father’s firm and became a prosecutor, putting the kind of people his father once defended behind bars and developing a reputation for pursuing justice above all. When he ran for District Attorney, Mr. Stark made police accountability a centerpiece of his campaign, making the Brock Rumlow case personal.”
“What other choice do I have?” Steve demanded, letting his arms fall to his sides as he strode forward.  Stopping himself before he could get any further than the side of his desk, any closer to the man behind it. “You’re the one who wants to convene a Grand Jury and—”
