Sherlock wishes, beyond just about anything else at that moment, that they were in a cab. He can feel Lestrade’s gaze on them in the rear-view mirror and if he could pull himself away from John’s gaze he would, just to spare him from having to declare the five hundredth time that he is not gay. As though everyone hadn’t heard that enough for a lifetime. The thought is enough to at least drain some of the heat away and yet John’s gaze is still filled with desire. Sherlock squeezes his hand as hard as he dares trying to signal him to relax a bit before they end up jumping each other in the back of a bloody squad car, for Christ's sake. John still seems enthralled though, that or he just doesn’t fucking care anymore. Sherlock leans in, bypassing the mouth that seems to permanently call for him, and instead rests his mouth against John’s ear.
“The case is over, I just thought you seem rather tired and well, need some help with the shower?” Once again John has surprised him since that wasn’t even something he had considered, and in their free moments on the case he had thought of little other than John.
“What’s wrong?” He asks, his voice unbearably soft. Sherlock can’t even speak; he just nods his head towards the ring. When John sees it he gets a puzzled expression before pulling it off and putting it on the nearest surface.
“How could he possibly know?” John asks because he really doesn’t see any way that Mycroft could just look at them and be able to tell.
John isn’t breathing, he is staring at Sherlock and his gaze is so heated it feels as though his skin is on fire. John slowly starts moving closer until he is directly in front of Sherlock, knees pressing into knees. He puts his hands on Sherlock’s legs and looks into his eyes, those cerulean blues even more vivid for the tears that are lingering in the corners. Sherlock doesn’t dare to speak, just sits as still as possible and waits. John seems to be having an internal war with himself and when he leans into Sherlock it startles him so much that he leans away. John looks absolutely devastated as he does and that is when his brain switches back on. Sherlock is more shocked than he has ever been in his life.
“Alright,” Sherlock agrees in a whisper so low that John wouldn’t have heard it if they weren’t basically on top of each other. Without any kind of warning Sherlock throws John over his shoulder and heads towards his bedroom.
“Brilliant. I guess that is what we are looking for in the files. The arrest records from our victims.”
“Sherlock, don't give me that shit. You haven’t turned on any of the lights, it’s obvious you have been crying, and instead of using the sofa to sulk on like you usually do, you are on the ground. What is wrong?”
“I forgive you, Sherlock.” There is such a sincerity in the statement and in those blue eyes that Sherlock is breathless. Sherlock tries to nod but it’s hard with John’s hand holding his chin in place like he’s worried Sherlock will break away. On the contrary Sherlock is content to stay like this all day. They are starting to lean in closer to each other and Sherlock can feel the thrumming of his heartbeat in his chest. John’s lips are so close and Sherlock finally has enough of the slow approach. He grabs John’s shoulders and pulls him hard. He captures the lips that have been plaguing him for years. The taste of tea, mint, and John floods his senses and he can’t help but groan. John’s tongue is running against the top of his mouth and he knows that he must be mewling at this point, and they are in the middle of a bloody street! It might be a less crowded one but still they must be capturing quite a bit of attention. He thought something like this would be far out of John Watson’s comfort zone but when he tries to pull away those lips just follow him.
They are at their fourth newsstand and John wants nothing more than to sit in his chair at 221B and drink a cuppa. Sherlock even seems to be lagging a bit but he figures that is due to frustration more than anything else.
“But of course you are meant for each other, you mark my words. Don’t screw it up. Mr. Holmes is one of the finest men that I have ever met.”
“I hate this fucking case,” John says as they climb out of the car and Sherlock just nods. They give some quick statements to Lestrade and John suggests ordering in from somewhere which Sherlock is all too eager to accept. He can feel exhaustion down in his bones and he worries that now the case is over he might just fall asleep in his chair as soon as they get home.
“Sherlock,” John starts to protest, but Sherlock grabs the lube and uses it to slick up John’s cock then he positions John right at his hole. John pushes in, there is hardly any resistance at all and he groans when he manages to be fully inside Sherlock. He is breathing hard and he opens his eyes to look at Sherlock who is looking at him, biting his lip and he has his arm gripping John’s upper arms and he knows he has never seen anything sexier in his entire life. Sherlock apparently gets tired of waiting for John to move, so he slowly sits up careful to not let John slip out. He wraps his arms around him and starts to push him back, John doesn’t even try to fight it. Sherlock is sitting on John’s dick for all of two seconds before he lifts up almost to the point of separation before sinking back down so slowly they both feel every single inch. He does it again and again, by the forth time John is getting testy, he grabs Sherlock hips and starts fucking up into him fast and hard. “Finally,” Sherlock moans, pushing back against John and grabbing his dick.
Sherlock can feel the man beneath him shaking slightly and he’s rather annoyed to find out that the cause is laughter. Sherlock, who of course doesn’t have a grasp on emotions at the best of times, has no idea what could be funny in this situation. He pulls a zip tie out of his back pocket and binds the man’s hands together before rising to his feet bringing the guy with him. They come face to face with a rather young man only in his mid twenties. Sherlock feels the urge to yell, this isn’t their killer.
“Ed, why are you killing people?” John finally asks since it doesn’t seem that Sherlock is ever going to be able to bring himself around enough to do it.
“How long?” John’s voice is wrecked and Sherlock can’t help but look at him. The sight that greets him is enough to break his heart just that little bit more. John has tears streaking down his face and he looks so beaten down in that moment all Sherlock wants to do is hug him. He doubts that would be very comforting in this moment however so he focuses on the question instead.
“I am not entirely sure Charlie. We need to investigate some things here to figure that out. But I have a friend named Sally and she would love it if you could keep her company until your dad gets here. Do you think you could do that for me?”
He shouts for Lestrade and once the DI cuffs Ed, he runs off after Sherlock. This isn’t his 'running around the city with Sherlock, keeping up with his ridiculously long legs' run. This is his 'Sherlock might be in danger' all out run, that makes the wind bite at his face and make his eyes water with the force of his speed. He’s been down two side streets before he sees the two figures towards the opposite end of a little alley. He is panting when he runs up to them and thankfully Sherlock has the bastard by the throat demanding answers. The guy however looks all wrong and John doesn’t need Sherlock’s skills of deduction to see that. John knows better by now to interrupt Sherlock at this point in a case but there is no way this spineless git who looks afraid of his own shadow is the one killing people. It goes to show how desperately Sherlock must want this case over with that he is overlooking the evidence.
“Hey there, I’m John. What’s your name?” The boy is watching John carefully and if he didn’t know better he would call the look on his face calculating. He seems to finally find whatever it is that he’s looking for.
“John,” he calls out as he cums wringing every drop out of himself considering this is the first sex he has had in sometime it seems his body is giving a rather embarrassing load of it. Finally it stops and he allows his head to fall back against the floor with a thunk. John looks like he might topple over at any moment so Sherlock grabs his hips and manhandles him to lay by his side. Sherlock turns so they are lying face to face, nose to nose. They don’t really say anything for a while just breathe in each other’s existence. John’s left hand moves and caresses his face, Sherlock turns his face into it and that is when he remembers...Mary. John’s gold ring is like a bucket of ice water being doused on him and he finds himself pushing away even as John looks alarmed.
John feels a hand urging his own to wrap around Sherlock’s wrist, leaving John’s fingers to press down on the pulse point. John feels all the air catch in his chest, obviously Sherlock had figured out that John checked his pulse a bit more than normal. But he didn’t think he could also see when John was moments from a panic attack and the only thing to stave it off… John peeks at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, as if his furtiveness will somehow keep the detective from noticing. He didn’t have to worry, Sherlock’s entire body seems focused on the world outside the window.
“I just want my Mum,” Charlie says, his bottom lip starting to quiver again. Sherlock puts his hands over the boys and squeezes.
“He’ll be alright, just some personal issues. I am sure that if you ask, he will tell you.” And John is shocked to say the least. Sherlock is the person who will tell you all your deepest secrets, more than often without any regard to who is around to hear. The fact that he won’t tell John what is wrong with Lestrade when he himself is one of the man’s closest friends is quite honestly mind boggling. However, it is also one of the most endearing things that John has ever seen in his entire life and so he doesn’t push it any further. Instead he ducks under the tape holding it up for Sherlock and walking towards yet another crime scene.
Any reason John still possesses shut off the moment his lips touch Sherlock’s. Even though he doesn’t smoke anymore, Sherlock tastes like ashes, and John finds himself chasing them. He can’t believe that he wasted so many years living with this man, being with him almost constantly, and yet never trying to kiss him. He’s kissed a lot of people in his life, but kissing someone has never felt like coming home.
“Not like that John, I swear okay. I would never put you through that again. I meant that if I told you, then you wouldn’t want to be around me anymore.”
Sherlock is pacing the living room floor at three a.m. He keeps walking to the bottom of the stairs and he even gets as far as putting his foot on the first step before he shakes his head and moves away. It is far too early to wake John up and there is nothing case related they can really do until the world wakes up again. His mind helpfully supplies him with an image of John tangled in his sheets; bare chested and his carefully styled hair mussed and sticking out every direction. Sherlock groans and wishes he could scrub out the image, but it stubbornly remains in front of him like a floating hologram.
“Couldn’t you have sent me a message? Anything to let me know you were okay. Cause just how you never want to live in a world without me, I never wanted to exist in one without you, but I have been Sherlock for two years.” Sherlock couldn’t even say anything to that he just hung his head.
“Oh just some boring serial killer that apparently is causing Lestrade no less than three sleepless nights in a row. You know, just another Tuesday.”
John is having a weird day and if it didn’t feel like a walking nightmare he would assume he’s dreaming. The whole thing with Mary and the baby is of course still weighing heavily on him. But even more worrisome is Sherlock who seems to have been replaced with a rather more emotionally receptive individual. He knows he shouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth but Sherlock Holmes does not stop in the middle of a park and give his blogger a bloody cuddle. John can feel his cheeks heating up just from the thought of it. They arrive at Angelo’s a short while later and John has the appetite of a small army. Sherlock watches him eat with an expression on his face that John can’t seem to pinpoint but he knows that he has seen it before.
John is in shock; Sherlock Holmes the man married to his work just played a song that sounded both like a love confession as well as a heartbreak. He isn’t sure what to do now, Sherlock hates talking about his feelings. At the same time though, they are best friends and he can’t just ignore that he seems to be in the deepest pit of despair. Fuck, if John hadn’t heard him play this song he probably would have never known. Sherlock keeps everything far too close to the vest. John walks over to Sherlock slow as can be in an effort not to spook him.
There is a smile on Sherlock’s face that speaks of so much peace and happiness that it almost stops his heart in his chest. He can’t believe that the guy who will climb up the walls if he hasn’t had a case in four hours, is the same one lying next to him after having mind blowing sex and cuddling. Sherlock bloody Holmes is cuddling, and John really doesn’t have any words for that.
“My mum, I don’t know where she is now though, do you, John?” John feels his heart sink to his stomach and there is nothing he can think of to say. This boy isn’t older than seven and how in the world is John supposed to tell him that his Mum is dead and never going to put cartoons on for him again.
“John,” Sherlock says and the undercurrent of urgency there feels like a jolt of adrenaline straight into his veins. He has never felt more awake. John follows his gaze without even asking what he’s looking for because he already has an idea. Sure enough, a little way down the road is a convenience store, and in the front window there is a whole shelf of magazines. There’s a man standing browsing through them, which wouldn’t normally be a call for alarm except for the fact that he has scissors in his back pocket and seems to be watching them. John doesn’t even need Sherlock to say anything before they start running. The man has already fled through the back door, but John isn’t worried, not with a living breathing road map running in front of him.
“Killing people?” Ed sounds genuinely confused and John worries that maybe the whole Mark charade is actually a ploy. But then Ed continues and John has to fight off a shudder. “Oh you mean the child abusers? They aren’t really people, but they do look like them so I can understand how you might be mistaken.”
“Very well, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft walks towards the door and turns back one last time when he reaches the doorway.
“You do realize that you have now guaranteed that your kid won’t have a dad around to make sure nothing like that happens right?” John asks and Sherlock can tell even though his words are harsh, he feels bad for this guy.
John has thankfully not asked Sherlock about his conversation with Charlie but he knows that he wants to. It is written all over his face, in the pinch between his eyebrows and the way that he stares at Sherlock even as he continues to eat his fried rice. Sherlock doesn’t necessarily want to talk about it as he finds bringing up the past tedious and unimportant, but this is John and he will not let it rest for long. In a way it will make it easier if he just tells him without being asked since John will be less likely to push him if he is offering up the information voluntarily. He takes a deep breath and forces his leg to stop it’s incessant shaking under the table.
“Of course not, Captain.” The word is out of his mouth before Sherlock can think better of it. John goes completely still and he moves his head back so that he can catch Sherlock’s eyes. The slow and smug smirk that John gives him is such that Sherlock can see why he was called ‘Three-continents Watson.’
Once they are back at Baker street, Sherlock sits in his chair with his fingers steepling already beginning the slow sink into his mind palace. There is a lot of thinking to do with the case, with John, and just what he intends to do about Mary and Paul. John, already suspecting this for most of the day, puts the kettle on and leaves to take a shower leaving Sherlock to his thoughts.
“Next time, but right now I would rather just have your cock.” John panics, he feels a tightening in his balls and has to wrap his fingers at the very base of his cock to stave off an orgasm. He opens his eyes after a few deep breaths, to find Sherlock leaning up on his elbows and smirking at him like the cat that got the cream.
John was out one night picking up things at the shops that they were out of when Sherlock texted him.
“Come on Sherlock please,” John said softly. Sherlock gripped John’s hips and lifted him onto his cock. There was minute of resistance and then he popped past the band of resistance and he was breaking apart inside of John. There were so many things he wanted to say, but Sherlock found it almost impossible to speak. It was just as intense as it had been their very first time.
After Mary went to sleep that night John took a cab taxi down to 221B Baker street. He was still in shock that Sherlock was alive, for two years he let him grieve, John had completely been broken. It had felt as though someone had killed his better half and left him stumbling in the darkness that was the world.
“Or we could not talk,” the huskiness in that voice is enough to have Sherlock considering jumping out of the car the moment it slows down and running on foot the rest of the way back to Baker Street, John beside him as always. He reaches for the last bit of his self control and allows himself to place a soft kiss in the place just below John’s ear. There is a soft sound, too soft for Lestrade to hear but the force of it is like someone just shot Sherlock straight in the chest with a cannonball. He pulls back and they desperately try to act like nothing is amiss the rest of the way.
“John, come on.” Sherlock demands. And yes, John is ready to stop the teasing now too, so he reaches for a condom and the bottle lube, surprised by the sudden grab of a hand on his wrist.
“I’ll meet you there, I need a minute,” John says with a soft smile which Sherlock licks at before leaving the shower and entering his own bedroom; he has the bigger bed. Besides, climbing the stairs with a raging hard on wouldn’t be particularly fun. He grabs some lube from the nightstand before lying down on his Egyptian cotton sheets and spreading his legs; might as well give John something to look at when he comes in. Sherlock uncaps the lube and slicks up his fingers. He is a little shocked at the anticipation he feels, he has had sex before, even amazing sex, but other than someone’s appearance Sherlock has never gone home with someone he likes for who they are. He never really got to know people well enough to care. In a way this is almost more frightening than chasing a criminal through the streets of London. If there is anything that truly scares him it is living a life without John Watson. Strike that - it wouldn’t be a life at all, he would simply be existing. He pushes past the doubts circling his mind; John wants him and he is sick to death of denying that he wants him, too. He presses at his entrance and just as the ring of muscle is relaxing and allowing his fingers access, the door opens and John walks in.
“Do you mean when I said the two people who love you best in the whole world?” John nods and Sherlock sucks in a large breath and he knows there is nothing else to say.
John notices Sherlock as he is rinsing the rag in the sink, “Hey Sherlock, didn’t hear you get in.” Sherlock takes in John’s appearance; his eyes are a little red with dark circles underneath them, there are scratches on his arm, and he seems a little smaller than usual, as if he is trying to take up as little space as possible and oh, that will not do.
“Mary has left with the baby,” John says in a shaky voice, choosing to look at the floor instead of Sherlock’s face. “She’s not mine.”
“Okay fine but why two bloody goddamn years Sherlock I could understand maybe six months but two fucking years!”
“His name is Phil.” And oh that’s a bit not good. The fact that all John has to do is say a name with such contempt and resignation in his voice that it alights the special kind of fury in Sherlock that only knows protect John Watson. He is running through all the different ways to get away with the murder when he hears John clear his throat. He looks over and the sight that awaits him almost buckles his knees. John Hamish Watson, a Captain of the Fifth Northumberland is crying and Sherlock is terrified. He puts an arm out in front of John, effectively stopping him. Those blue eyes slowly move up and meet his own. There are oceans of despair in them and Sherlock wishes he could lay waste to anyone and everyone that ever put that look on his best friend’s face. Sherlock finds himself pulling John loosely into his arms. He rests his head atop John’s and breathes in the scent of his shampoo. The body in his arms is stiff, like he is afraid that if he even breathes then Sherlock will withdraw. He lets his right hand begin tracing small circles in the small of John’s back, squeezing just a touch tighter and finally John relaxes into it. Sherlock is aware in the back of his mind that they are having a rather intimate embrace in the middle of the bloody park and that at any moment one of their more extreme fans might take a photo of them that will become viral within twelve hours. He also knows that John only sees this as his best friend offering him some much needed comfort, which is the case, but as they continue to cling onto each other he can feel certain parts of himself waking up and taking notice. The desire that overrules his mind is so swift that Sherlock almost tumbles backward with the force of it.
“The missing genitals were a bit of a tip off, in certain parts of the world child abusers have their genitals cut off as punishment. The fact that our killer waits until the victim is dead means that they have some kind of a moral compass, though he does cut up their bodies and derives satisfaction from the act. It takes a lot of patience and motivation to do that, so I had to conclude that whatever the victim had done it had to be heinous.”
The man in question is currently doing the things you are supposed to do in the shower, like rinsing out the shampoo in his hair. His eyes are closed and the water is cascading down his body in perfect rivulets and John can’t help but lick a line from Sherlock’s chest up to his mouth. Sherlock’s breath hitches and it is like a switch has been thrown, suddenly John is pressed against the shower wall, Sherlock’s eyes blazing as they stare at him. It seems that there must still be a lingering expression of the thoughts about their relationships because his face softens just a bit.
“Then why the hell are you on the floor Sherlock?” He’s angry, fists are curled at his sides and it’s clear he is struggling to keep his breathing under control.
“No, it’s alright. I’ll just make sure to never look your brother in the eye ever again.” Sherlock starts chuckling and John can’t help but join in. They are somewhat settled once they get back to the flat, but Mycroft sitting on the couch looking impeccable as always sends them through a fresh fit of laughter. Mycroft honest to god blushes, which will surely become the ninth wonder of the world if only because it’s that damn surprising.
“I trust you.” Sherlock punctuates this by leaning down and licking his cock from tip to root. He lets his tongue linger on the bumps and veins. John is feeling a bit like he is Sherlock’s favorite flavored lolly. The thought should make him feel a bit ridiculous but Sherlock’s tongue is pushing at his slit and he doesn’t care about anything else. Sherlock pulls away and opens up the lube. He takes the rather wet cock and slicks it up even more, taking his time to make sure he cover every last inch.  John finally growls at him and pins him down. He claims his mouth and uses his left hand to slowly guide himself inside. The feeling of being fully inside Sherlock Holmes is what John imagines heaven would feel like. He isn’t moving, just letting Sherlock adjust and truly basking in this moment. He wishes they had gotten to this point sooner but they are here now and that is really all that matters.
Sherlock looks up at him and his face is the most unguarded that John has ever seen outside of sex. “No, John, you are home for me too.” John’s breath catches and he knows that this is probably the closet to a love confession he will ever get. He kisses the world’s only consulting detective, his best friend, the love of his life, his home. He falls asleep with a smile on his face and the nightmares never come back.
Mycroft’s face becomes his usual scowl but he seems to see something in John’s face that tells him he will not refrain from tossing him bodily out.
“I wasn’t just talking about the war,” John says and Sherlock can hear it in his voice as though the words had left his lips. The fall the fall the fall. He spins around to face him so fast they almost crash into each other. John catches himself at the last moment and stares up at him with his worried 'I’ve said too much' look.
“Back at the house there was another that slipped out the back, called himself Ed. I think he might be our guy.”
“Sorry, not much to tell. It all happened over the phone. There was an ad in the paper for an odd job, the pay was high and the job too easy to pass up. I just called the number and set it up. I never got the guys name or anything.”
“I know just how you feel. Here this has my number on it, you give this to your dad and if either of you need anything you call me okay?”
“Who hired you?” Sherlock asks not wanting to waste any more time on this idiot than they already have. The guy pushes blonde hair - bleached in his sisters sink obviously - out of his eyes and has the fucking gall to leer at Sherlock.
John had been ready to say no, say he had to get back, but that one word stopped him, Sherlock rarely said please. John looked at Sherlock who was looking at the ground and looking so very vulnerable and John grabbed his hand and led him to his bedroom. They climbed into the bed and moved towards each other till they were wrapped around each other in the middle of the bed.
John feels like he is doing the most embarrassing walk of shame ever and it’s stupid considering that he isn’t a damn college student anymore. It seems as though the entirety of Scotland Yard is shirking their paperwork just to watch them walk to Lestrade’s office. And yeah they're holding fucking hands so sue them. They hadn’t even meant to but it must have happened sometime when they got out the cab. John isn’t even sure who grabbed who’s hand first only that he’s not letting go.
“Right, well let’s get to it then.” John finishes his food and pulls the nearest crate to him. Sherlock is already plowing through the files looking for the killer.
“What do you mean? John I am pretty sure that leaving your new wife on what is meant to be your wedding night will surely require more than a quick phone call to patch up.” John looks a little sad and amused at his words. He wishes vehemently he could actually read minds then as everyone assumes he can.
“Right, thanks Sherlock,” he picks up his phone and gives the order. Outside they can hear footsteps and raised voices as the news is passed around to everyone in the Yard. Sherlock and John collapse in the chairs in front of Lestrade’s desk and it takes everything Sherlock has to keep from yelling for the DI to sit the fuck down. He rolls his neck and slumps sideways in his seat, letting his eyes slip close just for a few moments…
“Okay,” and he looks so heartbroken in that moment that John gives him another quick hug before having Sally come and take the boy downstairs. He runs his fingers through his hair pulling at the very little bit of length he has and groaning in frustration. Sherlock has been watching him in that hyper focused way he does whenever he finds John particularly fascinating.
“Did you kill someone?” John asks in a calm voice. Sherlock can’t help but chuckle a little at that. He wishes it were something that simple and uncomplicated. At least if it involved a body he would know what to do. But this is sentiment, he is out of his element and he doesn’t really know what to do with himself.
He pulls back from John sending him a small smile before turning and resuming their walk as though nothing out of the ordinary has occurred. John keeps sneaking glances at him from the corner of his eye and Sherlock would find the confusion on his face amusing if it wasn’t such a heartbreaking thought. John really thinks him so incapable of emotion that hugging his best friend, who just found out that his wife is having another man’s baby, is thought to be ground-shaking. It irritates him but at the same time he can’t even blame John.
“Fuck Sherlock,” John hissed between his teeth but he nodded his head. Sherlock leaned over to reach for his pants and pulled out a small tube of lube. He gestured for John to lean up, he slipped a slicked up finger back behind John’s balls, and slowly circled his hole. He pressed his finger against and let it suck his finger inside, he cast his eyes to John’s face, his eyes were close and he had an expression on his face that if Sherlock didn’t know better seemed as though he was committing all of the sensations to a mind palace. It didn’t take long for John to be ready, he opened his eyes. His pupils were completely blown, he had a slight seen on his skin, and his hair was sticking up. Sherlock thought he was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, a sudden ache in his chest remembering all the lonely nights, thinking about John, about this, but even though he had committed every memory he had of John to his mind palace, it could never compare to having the man in his arms.
Sherlock seems to freeze for a minute before he responds, “Yes, Charlie. I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you the truth, but I didn’t want to add to your stress that day.”
“JOhn,” Sherlock moans loudly, “More…” John starts to push his way inside Sherlock slowly, it’s rather easy with how wet he his from John’s ministrations. Sherlock whimpers the entire time, but after a few minutes, “John please..”
The way Sherlock’s body tightens around him when he comes, the expression of pure bliss on the detectives face, is so fucking hot that John follows him right after, pulsing his release inside Sherlock’s pliant body. He tries to pull out slowly, but Sherlock’s legs wrap around his waist and keep him inside.
“Yes, but still Sherlock, it’s better…” He trails off as he watches Sherlock grab the condom from his fingers and fling it across the room.’
“I think so,” John replies, trying in vain to keep the fondness out of his voice, but the smug expression on Greg’s face tells him he is failing. Thankfully he doesn’t press the matter, so the two of them sit on the floor, as far away from Sherlock as possible without leaving the office. John knows Sherlock hasn’t slept in days and the last thing he wants is to wake him up unless they find Mark or he gets clear to take him home for the night. Cue the manic blushing at that thought, John rolls his eyes at himself.
John had been spending long days and night at the surgery, since there wasn’t a case right now he was getting in hours to make up for all the ones that he had missed. He hadn’t seen much of Sherlock who seemed to be practically living at Bart’s, doing some kind of experiments with Molly. Things had been a bit strained to say the least. It all started a couple of weeks ago when John rushed into Sherlock’s room without knocking because he had heard a scream, Sherlock Holmes had been getting off. John was so incredibly stunned that he had just stood in the doorway of Sherlock’s room staring at him. Sherlock had rivulets of sweat beading down his face, hand still gripping his cock, staring at John from under his ridiculously long eyelashes. For a moment the only sound in the room was the heavy panting of Sherlock trying to get his breath back. “In or out John?”
“Not to mention this boy named Charlie will grow up without his mother and probably be in therapy for the rest of his life.” Sherlock says, shoving his phone in Ed's face, showing him the photo of Charlie. He does not feel sorry for the sick freak, yes he might have been getting rid of other freaks but there is a reason why humans are not meant to play God. Sure maybe this guy didn’t get off on children but he did get off on cutting people into pieces and Sherlock is sure that is almost just as bad. Ed’s face breaks open as he stares at the picture of Charlie. There is a tear running down his face but he doesn’t say anything else.
Sherlock is in the same state, and the last remaining part of his logical mind flies out the door the moment he feels John’s hand wrap about his cock. He is hitting his prostate with every single thrust now and it only takes a not so gentle bit to his neck, and a swipe of his fingers over the slit of his cock, before he is coming.
Sherlock didn’t say anything to that instead he picked up his violin and continued the song from earlier, except this time he stood facing John. He stared into his eyes as he sang.
“Bloody Christ, if you could see yourself,” John breathes, trying to gain enough composure to take over. Sherlock must see his intention in his face because he shakes his head.
John thought as he took off Sherlock’s shirt and gently pushed him down onto the bed. John kisses down his body, paying special attention to Sherlock’s nipples, grazing his teeth lightly over them and the sound Sherlock makes goes straight to his cock. John licks just underneath Sherlock’s waistband before he starts taking his pants off. Sherlock is staring at him intently now, almost as if he is making a deduction.
“John, move please.” John circles his hips and thrusts in tiny jabs. Sherlock raises his hips and pushes back and they soon form a rhythm and God fucking Christ, this is going to be over far too soon. Sherlock is incredibly tight and obscenely enthusiastic. The noise he’s making is so close to pushing John over the edge and he is past the point of being able to even think.
It is at least a half hour before Sherlock hears those distinct footsteps on the stairs coming back down. “Hey Sherlock, just curious I seem to be missing a pillow. Do you have it?”
Sherlock woke a little bit later than usual and even before he opened his eyes he knew what would greet him. He had never ever in his life wanted to open his eyes less but he forced himself to. The spot where John had laid had gone cold and on the pillow next to his head there was a note. He snatched it up. When, when we came home
“Yes alright, is it as bad as the last one?” John asks with a wince because the last thing he needs is for Sherlock to say he is losing his nerve. Or worse to start going out without him in an attempt to help.
John has to take dragon breaths when he turns around, once he is sure the water is a good temperature. Sherlock Holmes is naked, and staring at him through heavy lidded eyes that are tracking up and down John’s body in such a way he almost feels like they are touching his skin. He finds his knees have gone weak and is entirely certain that he is about to sprawl out on the floor. Sherlock though, seems calm as he walks up to him and finally, after this long horrid day, claims those lips as though they have belonged to him for years. In a way John guesses they have, that all of him has belonged to Sherlock Holmes since, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” It’s only that his brain took years to catch up, and he tries to convey the feeling as he kisses him back. He wraps his arms around Sherlock’s neck and has the ridiculous urge to climb the man like a tree, he holds back just barely. The kiss seems to last an age and John can feel his lips tingling. Sherlock draws away and checks the water, the grin he sends John’s way can only be described as feral.
“Sir, it’s London, almost everything seems suspicious in one way or another.” Sherlock can’t even argue with him because it’s true. The city calls out to him because there always seems to be something seedy happening. Sherlock gives him his card and tells him to keep a look out just in case. John shakes himself a little bit, he feels like he has been falling asleep standing up. Ridiculous, they have only been out for a few hours. Hell they used to stay up for twenty four hours if a case was particularly grueling. John can’t believe he already feels himself flagging and he just knew Sherlock would be able to tell when he turned around to face him.
“Are you okay?” John asks, which causes Sherlock to roll his eyes. “Let’s see I have just had mind blowing sex with John Watson, I think that okay is a bit of an understatement. John chuckles, reaches over and pulls him into a hug. Sherlock hesitates for just a moment before he returns the hug with a surprising ferocity. John mutters something indistinguishable.
Hi guys, in case you haven't heard yet, last week a Black man named George Floyd was murdered by a cop. I am leaving a link to resources filled with petitions, donations, and other things that you can do to help insure that something like this never happens again. I know A03 is probably an escape for you like it is for me from the horrors of the real world. But I have to say something and we need to unite together on this if we ever want to live in a world that is truly Free and Just for all who live in it. Black lives matter. https://blacklivesmatters.carrd.co/#
“Are you purposely asking stupid questions tonight or… ow what the hell John?” John had bitten Sherlock’s thigh to get his attention.
Lestrade’s door is closed and John is just about to raise his hand to knock when Sherlock just pushes the door open, John sighs and marches in only to stop short at the sight that greets them. Mycroft is sitting on top of Lestrade’s desk moaning and John is filled with unbridled horror when he sees a bit of silver hair moving between his legs. He looks over at Sherlock and the expression on his face is the kind that the actors in the horror movies wish they could make. John herds him out of the office as quickly as possible shutting the door without making a sound.
Sherlock can see the deep thoughts in the set of John’s eyes and it will probably be something they talk about at length later on down the road… but not now. Sherlock steps into the little space between John’s legs and even though Sherlock knows he is taller, it never seems that way. John takes up so much space in his world, and mind, that he always seems to be nine feet tall. Sherlock doesn’t believe in superheroes or angels but if he ever entertained the idea, well, John is always the image that appears. Now though, he can feel himself towering over John and it sends a shiver up his spine. John is tilting his head slightly to look up at him and Sherlock is so caught up in his eyes that he doesn’t even realize John’s hands have moved to grab his shoulders. John twists them expertly, even with the water still beating down, and Sherlock’s arousal demands attention.
“Since I felt that way? Probably after the pool incident with Moriarty. Since I acknowledge it to myself? Not until after I faked my death and I couldn’t talk to you. I would dream of you every single night and I’ve been told there were many nights that I would wake up screaming your name. When I got back and found you at the restaurant I was going to tell you. I thought… well I don’t know but Mary was there and you had that ring and well it just seemed better for everyone to not say anything.”
“We need to look at some old files. In fact it might be more comfortable if we just have Lestrade take us back to Baker Street with some boxes. It might be a long night.” John resists the urge to groan out loud because he feels like this is just a repeat of the millions of crates of books. However, when they get inside and Sherlock actually speaks to Lestrade about the records he wants there are only five crates to sort through. They grab Thai on their way home and eventually John is sitting in his chair eating Tom Kha Kai. Sherlock is pacing the floor tugging at his hair and John knows that whatever he’s about to say must be upsetting or at least Sherlock thinks it will upset John.
Sherlock tears himself away before Molly Hooper, who is unfortunately rather perceptive, can catch him at it. He decides to examine some of the smaller bits of flesh, the things he figures to be fingers, in the hope that he will be able to lift a usable fingerprint off it. They are matching the dental records but everyone knows those can take weeks. The rest is just morbid curiosity and he doesn’t think that trying to act out a simulation of what the killer likely did to his victims would comfort John at the moment. Better leave that for a day when John has work and he can get away for a few hours without being missed.
John doesn’t seem able to break himself out of whatever flashback the body on the floor triggered until they are in a cab on their way to Barts. Sherlock would have dropped John back off at 221B but with the recent turn of events he isn’t sure that leaving the doctor on his own right now is the best course of action. Besides, Molly is there. Sherlock will deny this to his dying day, but there is something very calming about her presence. He knows that she will be a comfort to John and Sherlock will be able to get some work done without having to worry about him. At least no more than he usually does, and he makes a mental note to wrap the research up by eight at the latest, so that they can get to Angelo's at a decent time. He knows that his appetite has all but deserted him but it won’t do to worry John about something so trivial on the first day of his return.
He reaches between them and takes both their cocks in his rather large hands which causes John to stutter in his movements. His eyes are shut and he is barely breathing. Sherlock squeezes a little too hard and John’s breath hitches as his eyes meet Sherlock’s.
John wakes up when the sunlight hits his pillow. He blinks and glances around in confusion fully expecting to see Sherlock leaning against the door frame waiting for him. John’s alone though and he groans as he stretches. Once he makes it out of bed, he tries to rush through his morning routine as quickly as he can, he doesn’t know if his urgency to see Sherlock is due to fear or the rather interesting dream he had about him the night before. He doesn’t even let himself indulge the after effects of the dream, he just wants to see Sherlock. He makes it downstairs and he barely even has to glance around to realise that Sherlock isn’t in the flat. He makes his way over to the kettle and spots a note on the counter.
The body is in pieces again and that isn’t a surprise, they have been expecting it as part of the killer’s MO. What scares them is the fact that there’s a little boy sitting in the corner of the room rocking slightly and screaming at anyone who tries to come near. Sherlock seems to be at a loss seeing a kid there. John isn’t doing much better but still someone has to get through to him. John slowly moves towards the boy, his eyes are tracking John and he worries that he will start screaming again. He doesn’t though and he lets himself breathe a sigh of relief when he is finally kneeling in front of him.
“Oh, well the answer is still yes,” He mutters this to the sheets and there is just a smidgen of pink spreading across his cheeks. John gently pushes Sherlock back onto the bed until he is laying down.
“Hello John, are you well?” Sherlock knows that it is a stupid question to ask but he doesn’t know what else to say and usually a question is safer with John than giving him his deductions, at least the ones that are about John himself.
“I don’t know, there were cartoons and cereal just like any other morning but then I must have fallen asleep cause when I woke up…” He trails off a rush of tears spilling down his rosy cheeks, sobs beginning to escape. John pulls the boy into his arms wishing he could do something more. Once the sobs have subsided he pulls away and asks Charlie who was with him before he fell back asleep.
Thankfully as soon as they arrive it seems as though the police are gearing up to head inside, and Lestrade is needed to coordinate. He does find a spare moment to shoot them a very smug grin and John resists the urge to hide himself in Sherlock’s shoulder, which would probably just serve to make Lestrade even more insufferable. John and Sherlock are ‘to stay on the street’ until they bring Mark out, and even as John agrees to this plan he can already tell, from the way Sherlock is bouncing on his toes, they will be moving as soon as the police are out of eye-shot.
“No John, it has nothing to do with murder or drugs for that matter.” John nods looking miserable and completely at a loss. Sherlock stares at him since well who cares at this point, John is probably going to figure it out tonight anyways. He might as well get his fill of John Watson while he can.
John wretches away rather abruptly, Sherlock trying to follow his mouth for a moment which is so fucking cute John presses a chaste kiss to his lips before asking, “Are you clean Sherl?”
“Yes John.” John stares at him while Sherlock looks at the ground in front of him, willing the tears that have seemingly sprung out of nowhere to go back into the ducts and just let him get through this moment first. Once John leaves he can cry all he wants, in fact he thinks that he will never stop crying.
“I do, but for me it doesn’t always work. Charlie is young and seems to have had only one trauma in his life. It will probably work for him, but me… well, most days it seems like my life has been nothing but trauma.”
“It’s not stupid especially with what I am about to do.” Sherlock stares at him for a minute before nodding at him and letting his head sink back down to the bed. John starts working his way down Sherlock’s body giving a few licks to his cock before moving further down. He licks his balls and plays with them for a bit, then he pushes Sherlock’s legs even further apart and licks right over his perineum.
“I can’t Sherlock, I have another life now that I can’t just abandon because you suddenly show up when I had just started accepting the idea of you being gone forever. Don’t get me wrong I am really happy you’re alive but I just can’t Sherlock.” John had a few tears leaking out as well.
Sherlock is hanging from the ceiling by his wrists and has spent the last hour trying to think of a way to use his weight to snap the rope. Nothing he has come up with will work though and he can barely even feel his wrists at this point. The man Ian who strung him up is one of those sick sadists that get off on torture. Sherlock knows he needs to get out of here before he gets back but apparently the bastard was a boy scout because his knots are impeccable. A sudden creak fills the space and Sherlock feels the hair on his exposed arms raise. He can’t even remember when they took off his shirt. Ian appears carrying what looks like a cow whip and Sherlock feels a moment of panic before forcing the emotion down. He wants to mouth off but that’s exactly what he expects. He decides to stay quiet and look as uninterested as possible. He starts delving into his mind palace looking for somewhere interesting enough to keep himself occupied. He already knows where he’s going before he gets there. The John wing is easily the biggest place and even the most minute detail about him is fascinating. He is locked into the replay of their first meeting when the lash makes contact with his flesh. He chants John’s name the entire time but not for the reason that Ian probably thinks. If only he hadn’t been such an idiot that first night… everything might have turned out differently.
“Yeah I would say so.” And then he walks away. Sherlock moves his arm as soon as he turns a corner. John doesn’t have his jealous murderous expression on anymore, just a quiet question that Sherlock wants to answer but his phone rings, Lestrade showing up on the caller ID. Sherlock doesn’t really need to answer because he already knows there’s another body.
Sherlock felt his entire being seize up when John spoke to him. He hadn’t slept the night before, and of course he exhausted any possible leads for the case that they could spend time following up on today. So for the last two hours he has let his mind wander and as it usually does it settled on John. His mind raced as he went to the wing of his mind palace where John lived and the memories of the wedding were there waiting for him. He is not sure why his mind palace seemed to want him to relive quite easily the most painful day of his life. He sees himself laying the music he composed for the happy couple on the stand before bundling up and slipping out. That is what put him in a darker spell he supposed, because the night before the wedding he had been composing music and had written a song that he knew he would never play. A song that sounds exactly like every single thought and feeling he has ever had for John Watson. So why the hell are his hands playing that song when he knows John is in the room. He would stop if his body still responded to commands but he grinds his teeth and plays it out. The silence that resounds throughout the flat afterwards is deafening.
“John, not really but I expect with you two on the case I am on my way to it.” John can’t help the small shiver of pride going through his body at the words. It has been entirely too long since he has been on a proper case. Sherlock is uncharacteristically silent throughout the entire exchange, he locks eyes with John and nods his head in the direction of the door. John is a bit confused that Sherlock wants him to go first but figures that at this point it’s easier to go along with it. He is just through the door and about to make his way up the stairs where caution tape is stuck all around, that he glances back to see Sherlock still on the sidewalk with Lestrade. Sherlock’s head is bent slightly towards the DI’s and from the body language seems to be comforting him. Lestrade looks at Sherlock with such a miserable expression that John can feel the despair from where he is standing. Eventually it seems that whatever Sherlock said has gotten through because Lestrade walks toward the street where a black town car is already pulling up for him.
Sherlock returned to 221B and immediately could sense that something was off. He did a quick look over the rooms. John’s shoes by the door, the RAMC mug out on the kitchen table, John’s chair back in the sitting room having been recovered from Sherlock’s bedroom. The sound of the shower running in the background also grabbed Sherlock’s attention. He went over to the bathroom door listening; there was music which meant that whatever John was doing in there (crying or wanking being the two likest options) he didn’t want to be heard. If it was anyone else in the world Sherlock would stay at the door and deduce which, but it was John, so instead he moved away and into the kitchen. He puts another kettle on and tries to clean up his latest experiment as best he can. He is just finishing up with the disinfectant when the bathroom door finally opens and John walks out wearing nothing but a towel. Sherlock feels his jaw drop open; John has never walked around the flat in just a towel. He almost always makes sure that he is fully covered, although that might have more to do with Sherlock keeping the temperature in the flat rather cold so his experiments don’t go bad, than anything else.
Sherlock only took a couple of seconds to throw on a new shirt but he is frustratingly scared to go back out to the cab and face John. The tension between them is so palpable that Sherlock knows their cab driver has been keeping a wary eye on them just waiting for them to jump each other. Poor bastard is probably confused as hell that John is still outside. Sherlock knows he has been gone too long and John is bound to be suspicious so he forces himself to the kitchen to make John another cuppa to go. It will at least explain the time he has been in here and maybe even make John smile.
Sherlock breaks away from the boy but they don’t leave until the boy’s father shows up. He looks frantic as though he ran five miles just to get here. Hell, maybe he did. Charlie’s face lights up when he sees him and the two hug for what seems an entirety. Once Charlie and his dad are just a spec in the distance, Sherlock finally looks at John.
“John?” Sherlock calls and he shakes himself out of a particular wicked fantasy involving the kitchen table and a set of Sherlock’s scalpels.
“What kind of parent names their fucking child Ed?” Sherlock asks and John has to keep himself from groaning that this is the most important question coming to the detective’s mind instead of something about you know, the serial killer antics.
“My mother is dead isn’t she?” The question is asked so matter of factly that John feels his eyes welling up just to hear it. Charlie looks to be the picture of perfect poise but after a moment of observing, he can tell the boy’s legs are shaking. He is trying so hard to be taken seriously and in a way John can almost see a young Sherlock in the boy’s face. The thought makes his chest hurt and he’s glad that he isn’t expected to speak right now because he is almost sure all that would come out is a sob.
“Here,” Sherlock replied, suspiciously sounding like he was upstairs in John’s bedroom. John cautiously made his way up the stairs. The sight that greeted him was arresting to say the least. Sherlock bloody Holmes was laying in his bed wearing nothing but a sheet, he was sitting against the headboard with his arms crossed. “Care to tell me why you are in my bedroom Sherlock?” Sherlock opened his mouth but then quickly shook his head and started muttering “You’ll have to speak up if you want me to hear.” Sherlock heaved a big sigh.
“I am so sorry Sherlock,” John manages to say without letting his voice break. Sherlock tilts his head the way he does when he knows he is missing a particular social cue.
Sherlock nods, even though he thought that was already established and had meant what John needs emotionally, even though he is not so good at that. “Of course John, this will always be a home for you. You don’t even have to ask. Is there anything else?”
“Okay,” Charlie says and he looks so tired that John’s heart aches for him. John knows the look in those young eyes; there are nightmares that, no matter how many times you experience them, can still terrify you enough that even the idea of sleeping seems impossible.
Now they have kissed, John isn’t sure what will happen once they are back at 221B alone and without any interruptions. Sherlock may very well retreat into himself and they will go back to normal, never speaking about the kiss. John’s whole body seems to rebel against that thought and he has to take a minute just to keep himself from being sick. Christ, how in the world had he ever thought that marrying anyone besides Sherlock Holmes was a bang on idea?
Shades of purple reflect in the glass, the last rays of the fireworks caught casting Sherlock’s wet face in color. He flinches every time it happens but can’t bring himself to clean up the remains of the broken mirror. Mrs. Hudson is still at the reception and Sherlock is completely alone just like he was for those awful two years away from Baker street… and him. Sherlock doesn’t like to think about those two years and usually it’s quite easy to keep those memories under lock and key. But John isn’t here, likely won’t ever be again and there is no case to distract him. Sherlock weeps curled up into himself as he remembers a cold night from a year ago.
John calls their usual while they are still in the cab and thankfully food arrives practically when they do. He manages to make it through the meal and when he stands up to go take a shower he suddenly finds himself against a wall with John leering at him from the front.
“About time for what?” Sherlock asks, sounding miffed. Mycroft doesn’t bother responding, just runs his eyes between the two of them and smiles before leaving.
“No, not as bad but still rather unsettling. I imagine the killer went a little easier due to the fact that this victim is a woman. Which means he is probably close to his mother. Also he has to have some kind of a moral compass to leave Charlie unharmed.” John just nods as the flow of Sherlock spouting deductions washes over him and it steels his nerves. He lifts the sheet off completely in one go like ripping off a band-aid.
“You still have my number right?” Sherlock asks and Charlie nods. “You call it no matter what time it is if you need help okay?”
“You know you are really good with mini humans. Lestrade said that boy nearly bit him when he tried.”
“Well I would bloody hope not Sherlock, christ you’d be a nightmare. Besides I like you how you are.” He emphasizes this by fusing their bodies together and grinding slightly. Sherlock still has a frown but his eyes are just slightly starting to glaze.
He starts stroking in time to their thrusts and is leaking all over John’s stomach. John moves one of hands from Sherlock’s hips to his dick and takes over for him, he only strokes twice before Sherlock is screaming his name coming all over them. His body tightens around John, and he comes inside Sherlock. A few moments go by and then Sherlock rolls over onto his side facing John, who also turns over facing Sherlock. John smiles at him and Sherlock can’t help but smile back at him.
John was used to cryptic texts like these but usually they kept some tone of indifference to them. John quickly paid and rushed back to Baker street,fully expecting Sherlock to be sulking on the couch or waiting impatiently at the door for John. But when he walked into 221B Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. “Sherlock,” John called.
“JOHN,” Sherlock screams causing John to feel at parts proud but also worried Mrs. Hudson might think they are in trouble and try to come up.
“I just started moving on with my life, Mary is great and she makes me happy. I might not be running through the streets of London or chasing down serial killers in back alleys, but at least I don’t feel like dying everyday. That’s how it was right after the fall.”
Sherlock worries his lip between his teeth before he answers, “They have all committed sexual abuse towards a child.” John is so silent that if Sherlock didn’t know any better he might think that he had gone into shock.
John stands next to him gazing out the window for a few moments. His heart is beating out of his chest and he can’t even begin to imagine who in the world could possibly inspire such a love in Sherlock Holmes.
When Sherlock joins him at the bottom of the stairs John doesn’t say a word just quirks an eyebrow instead.
“Obviously,” Sherlock intones but he still looks so horrified that John can’t help but feel a bit bad for him.
I love you Sherlock but I just can’t do this anymore, it hurts. Sherlock clutch the note to his chest and suddenly understood the look on John’s face the previous night, he had built a mind palace and that is the only place they would exist anymore.
I know I am evil for how I left you at the end of chapter 8. I hope this makes up for it though ;) All my love to my beta @SherlockWatson_Holmes
“I know, I guess that is what happens when you break down in a corner and scream like an animal at everyone who tries to help you.”
John is sucking Sherlock Holmes cock and the pleasant tingle throughout his body at the thought is addictive. Those talented long fingers are in his ass, and he wants to worship the violin because my god the calluses rubbing against his prostate is the best feeling in the world. Or maybe the second considering he hasn’t had Sherlock’s cock yet.
They tumble together and John has Sherlock pinned to the ground. He lays down so that their hard cocks line up and they moan into each other's mouth at the feeling. Sherlock hasn’t been like this with anyone in years and the fact that it’s John makes it all the more intense. John is panting and moaning above him and Sherlock wants so many things in that moment but he knows there is no way they are going to last long enough for any of them. The friction is too good and everything is so hot. John leans down and licks at the column of Sherlock’s throat ending it with a harsh bite that causes Sherlock to buck his hips up. His hands find the curve of John’s ass and he pulls him snugly against him. He hears a small gasp of surprise and can’t help but chuckle a bit.
“Sherlock, come on let’s go,” John says it as he stands and holds out a hand to help him up. Sherlock goes without an argument, he feels like a limp doll allowing John to pull him away. He only comes alive again once they are outside and sees Charlie sitting on the hood of a cop car, Sally sitting beside him and talking about something. Sherlock makes for them and he moves too fast for John to grab him.
“Feel free to put your number in there as well, cheekbones.” Sherlock rolls his eyes but he does notice that the color has drained a bit from the guy’s cheeks and he does seem genuinely freaked out. He isn’t bad looking and Sherlock hasn’t been with someone in… well if he can’t even remember then maybe it was time to… Oh, John looks as though he’s point two seconds away from shooting the poor guy. The look on his face is like Captain Watson except harder, almost as if he has gone rogue and only the presence of other people is keeping him in check. Sherlock feels, for one of the first times, truly afraid of John Watson, but even that can’t keep the low thrum of arousal at bay. Hmm. John’s behavior resembles a jealous lover far more than just a concerned best friend. Sherlock knows they need to be focusing on the case and he curses himself inside his head even as he hands the phone back and takes a closer step towards John. He puts an arm around him casually but lets his hand rest on the back of his neck like earlier. He smiles softly at John before looking back at the guy, “Thanks but I think I’m good.”
It takes them three streets to catch up with him; Sherlock has the man on the ground pinned beneath his body when John, who had a problem getting past a rather large lady with a pram, comes running up.
“That you had to go through that. And that there isn’t more we can do for Charlie.” Sherlock just nods. He knows that John is doing one of those 'showing empathy' things, but it’s annoying and he wishes they could just get back to the case.
Sherlock’s face was covered in tears at this point and he tried to swallow the lump in his throat. “John, stay here.”
Angelo has said this to John so many times that he just gave up and let the man have his own assumptions about them.
“I won’t be patching up anything with her Sherlock. I will be calling to ask for an annulment and to get my stuff back of course. I would like to move back in with you. If you’ll have me.” John says the last part to the floor as though he can’t quite bring up the courage to look at Sherlock as he says it. Sherlock just blinks running John’s words through his head until they begin to make sense. Even then, he has a hard time believing that John means to break off his marriage for him. He is stunned and beyond happy. He moves towards John, putting a hand under his chin and pulling his face upwards until he is staring into his eyes. He moves in slowly, brings their foreheads together and breathes.
“Good. You think of that place before you go to sleep and you’ll be just fine.” John stands up and ruffles the boy’s hair. They say goodbye to Charlie and his father before heading back towards the street to grab a cab.
Sherlock winced it was rare for John to shout he only ever did when he was truly upset and that was the first time that it hit Sherlock that he just might have broken something that he previously thought indestructible. “I had to hunt down every single one of Moriarty's allies, if I had come back sooner they would have done everything in their power to kill you John and I refuse to live in a world that doesn’t have you in it.” A small tear had somehow escaped and was slowly making its way down Sherlock’s cheek, he didn’t bother to wipe it away.
“John, I never wanted to leave you, but Moriarty forced my hand. He would have killed you and it would have been much more permanent. I am sorry for the pain I caused you though.”
Charlie is strangely calm when they meet with him. He crosses his legs and folds his hands neatly on his knees before staring at them both in a way that looks far too grown up on a face so young.
“It isn’t bullshit, because of me none of the children in this neighborhood will ever be abused like that. They will grow up having normal childhoods and it might actually give them a half decent chance once they are adults. The way the world is, everyone needs all the help they can get. The problem is that so many of us come into adulthood already aged well beyond our years and as cynical as an undertaker digging his own grave. That’s why the suicide stats are so high; broken people being thrust into a world as broken as ours doesn’t bode very well for their futures.”
“What’s the plan then?” John asks because it will be infinitely easier if he has some idea of what is about to come.
Charlie doesn’t answer instead he just slides off the car and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s middle. Everyone around seems to be holding their breath collectively. Sherlock drops to his knees and envelopes the boy in a tight hug.
“Surely the war didn’t seem like it’s been your whole life.” Sherlock reasons and he looks incredibly troubled by the idea.
“That’s why it took you so long,” Sherlock muttered to himself before releasing Mark and turning his full attention back towards John. They walk back to the house, Mark following at a distance of at least five yards. Lestrade and the team are milling about when they get back, and they seem quite annoyed that Sherlock actually went after the wrong guy. John just puts up a hand to stop the complaining and waits until someone directs them to the correct squad car where Ed is currently located. Sherlock slides in next to the guy while John takes a seat in the driver's, turning himself around so he can see into the back.
“Hey Charlie,” John says as he kneels in front of the boy so they can be at eye level. “When you are having a hard time sleeping, something that really helps is to imagine you are in your favorite place. Nothing bad can happen there; it is your piece of paradise and you are completely in control of it. Do you have a place that feels like that to you?” Charlie frowns for a minute and looks at the ground before lifting his head back up and nodding.
They jerk apart when a car horn goes off entirely too close for their liking. A cab has pulled up next to them and the leer the driver is giving them is so shameless that John waves him away. There is an awkward silence enveloping him and John is just about to say something when another cab pulls up and Sherlock folds himself inside leaving the door open.
“Right,” Sherlock says distractedly. They walk back out so soon they end up in the exact same cab that they had on the way there.
He stops his pacing and drops his head into his hands, and he knows that all these feelings are going to become so intolerable that even John will be able to look at him and deduce what’s going through his mind. Which wouldn’t be so bad if Sherlock wasn’t ninety-nine percent certain that John is if not straight at least bisexual with such denial that he might as well be straight. He knows that John finds him attractive, it’s obvious in the way that John looks at him and it’s the reason why most people assume they are together. The only person who doesn’t seem to realize it is John, or at least his conscious self is unaware.
John sighs and crosses his legs in front of Sherlock, the anger seems to be draining out of him. “If I knew that Sherlock then I wouldn’t bother asking. Tell me what’s wrong please.”
Sally rushes in without knocking just as Sherlock raises his head, hair slightly mused on the right side.
He looks up at John with a question on his face but then realizes that John just wants them to move around a bit. He swings his body around and lays on his side facing John. 69, one of the better things that the human race managed to come up with. Sherlock laps at John’s cock while he lets his finger circle his perineum. John however is done with teasing and takes Sherlock’s cock down almost to the root. Sherlock wishes he could scream cause holy fucking shit. He decides to pay it back in kind. He sinks in two fingers and deep throats John at the same time. He can feel John moaning around his cock and it’s so damn good. Sherlock wants to stay like this forever, he is at least eight-five percent sure that he will never get bored of this.
“Our guy is going to get spooked and while his friend tries to hold off the police he will slip out the back, so we are going to intercept him around the back… now.” And then he’s off, John follows close behind. It only takes a moment for John to tackle the man, Sherlock had shot right past him which is odd since he never misses like that. John just shrugs figuring he will double back quite soon.
Sherlock can’t help but be interested in that and he can already feel himself combing through his mind palace for any kind of sacred practices that involve genitals, but a tug at his wrist yanks him back to reality. He knows it’s John cause it would be suicide for anyone else to touch him when he is thinking. He forces himself to bite his tongue against whatever rude outburst was moments away and instead locks his eyes with John’s.
“Yes, I suppose you’re right. I just thought it was his displeasure at your refusal more than anything else.”
Mycroft assures him that he will take care of it and hangs up. Then he dials Lestrade, “Sherlock what you got?”
“So what, you are ridding the world of sex offenders out of the goodness of you heart?” John asks, annoyed that a damn serial killer is making more sense than most of the current world leaders.
They lay there for a few minutes catching their breaths, John slowly unfurled himself from Sherlock and padded to the kitchen, he was back moments later with a damp washcloth, he cleaned himself off before offering it to Sherlock. He took it and then forced himself to look at John.
“It was partly that… My, you are beginning to pay attention, Dr. Watson.” Sherlock is looking at him full on and holy christ. Sherlock’s collar is of course turned up and the first few buttons of his shirt are undone. The sun coming through the window is reflecting off the mirror above the fireplace and it’s causing an effect that makes Sherlock look like a fallen angel.
His breath catches in his throat, because while the body is in pieces the killer left the head this time intact. Now this isn’t John’s first time seeing a severed head: one in the army and the other when Sherlock kept one in the fridge at Baker Street. It’s just the image of seeing it with all the body parts that used to make it a person smashed to bits, well it is doing hell on his stomach. John makes some mental notes and when he turns to Sherlock to tell him he freezes. Sherlock is as white as a sheet, and that is when John realizes that he hadn’t been deducing the body earlier. No, he watched every second of John’s interactions with Charlie. Now, Sherlock seems distraught at the gruesome body and John doesn’t know what to do with this information. Does it really make so much difference that the victim is a woman this time, that the head is there with all the blonde hair still attached? Or could it be that Sherlock feels guilty because the son is downstairs thinking that they will find his mother whole and bring her back to him.
“There is a bit more too, the heart is also missing. All the other organs are here but they are mashed up to bits and pieces just like everything else.” John looks extremely uncomfortable, so Sherlock quickly examines the body taking photos with his mobile before grabbing John’s hand and pulling him away from the room of horrors.
“So, from what I can tell the time of death was likely around twenty four hours ago, the body was cut up post mortem. It seems our killer left the teeth, which suggests that he wants us to know who his victims are. But the most disturbing bit is that the genitals are missing.”
“I don’t need any assistance in the shower John,” which causes a sad expression to appear on the doctor’s face until Sherlock continues. “But I wouldn’t mind the company.” John gives him the full hundred megawatt smile that always sends Sherlock’s pulse racing and suddenly he feels like he could stay up the entire night as long as John is right there with him.
John awakes to the sound of a violin being played so sharply that it must be close to breaking the strings. He throws on his dressing gown and rushes downstairs as quickly as he can. Sherlock stands in front of the window, blue robe hanging limply off one shoulder, practically sawing at his violin.
“Look, I know we have a lot to figure out, but we can’t right now. Lestrade is staring at us more than the road and I already feel ill from his driving when he's giving the road his full attention. Just wait alright? We are at the last stretch and I promise when we get home we’ll talk.” John leans his head towards Sherlock and rests his mouth on Sherlock’s ear as well.
Sherlock is enjoying this far too much. In the past, whenever he would let himself indulge in sex, he always found that reducing his partner to a wordless bundle of fried nerves gave him almost more satisfaction than his own orgasm. Although he has never had anyone do the same back to him before now. John’s hands are beginning to travel lower over Sherlock’s backside and oh God!. He feels a slick finger pushing at his entrance as their mouths stay joined, nipping and pulling at the others lips. The moan that is dragged out of his throat when John’s finger slips in would be enough to make a nun question her commitment. When Sherlock looks into John’s eyes they are so dark that he can barely see any blue at all.
“Oh no, your girlfriend is pregnant, she just told you a couple months ago. You panicked because you know the sick kind of people out there in the world and with your own experiences, well you weren’t about to let that happen to your child. So you start killing all the registered sex offenders in what a five mile radius from your house?”
“Our killer gets off on cutting his victims into little pieces. He kills them before he does it though which hints that he probably doesn’t want the person to suffer. I’ll have to wait until the cause of death is figured out before I can be certain. It’s frustrating being this in the dark, but I can’t deduce this without a whole body. Actually maybe that is part of the reason, the killer is probably aware of our working relationship with the police. They are cutting up the bodies so that I can’t deduce what has happened to them. Great, we are dealing with another genius.” Sherlock groans so loudly that all the patrons sitting near look over at them. John ignores them, his gaze resolutely on Sherlock.
“Right, and you know I have forgiven you for that right?” Sherlock just stares at his feet, he knows John wants to forgive him for it but he doesn’t think he really has. John’s hand tilts his face up and Sherlock feels every single thought leave his brain when the full weight of John’s gaze bores into his.
Sherlock is jerked back from the memory by the sounds of footsteps on the stairs, he doesn’t even have the energy to stand at this point. He knows it isn’t Mrs. Hudson and if he didn’t know better he would swear it’s…
Sherlock lifts his head the slightest bit, his hair is mussed, pupils are dilated and his voice breaks when he answers, “Fuck me.” John fucking shivers at that, he grabs some lube from the side drawer which causes Sherlock to smirk at him. “Been playing without me I see.” John doesn’t even dignify that with a reply, he slicks up his fingers and pushes two fingers into Sherlock, crooking them and finding his prostate in no time at all. Being a Doctor definitely has it’s advantages and with Sherlock those are endless.
“Fine, don’t tell me then.” John started to undress until he was left in just his boxers. He crawled into the bed, completely planning to pass out next to Sherlock. He had rolled onto his side, back to Sherlock when he felt a small tap on his shoulder. He reluctantly rolled onto his back casting his eyes to Sherlock, “Yes?”
The pain at being asked to be the best man at a wedding that felt more like a funeral than his own had been. The speech had sounded more like a love confession than a congratulations and Sherlock knew that at least Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade realized it. The tears they had shed hadn’t just been for the beauty of the speech but also for the tragedy of it. For a heartbreaking second he thought John had seen through it too, with the way he looked at him before pulling him into a hug. It became obvious after they wrapped up the case that John was still oblivious. Learning about the baby, it was simultaneously the worst and best moment of his life. He knew it meant that no matter what, his fantasy of being with John in any way other than friends would never be possible. But, it meant that another Watson would be entering the world and Sherlock knew he would adore the baby just as much as the father. He left shortly after when John was distracted and he could make his exit without drawing any attention. He had moved John’s armchair and pillow into his bedroom that night. He had lain on his bed with John’s pillow over his head, tears spilling over his cheeks like waves. He felt as though he was being strangled and in that moment he wished beyond all hope that the fall had been real. The main reason he had come back was for John, everyone knew that, even Mycroft. The only person who never realized was John and it wasn’t that his intelligence was lacking. It was because that man had been put through hell those two years that Sherlock was ‘dead’ and he didn’t care in the end why Sherlock came back, only that he had.
“Wh…at?” John stuttered out his eyes growing wide, “Either get in here or leave, I would like to finish sometime today.” And well, even though John had always denied to everyone that him and Sherlock were anything more than friends, even he had to admit with hard evidence it was difficult to just rationalize this away. So Captain Watson walked into Sherlock’s room like he was going to war all over again… in a way he was. Let’s just say that when he wanted to Sherlock could use that mouth for much more pleasurable purposes rather than just annoying the masses. These little meetings had happened a few times now and John could never figure out the rhyme and reason to them. He knew better than to ask Sherlock if they were anything official, he would just drivel some, “Sentiment being a chemical defect and that he wasn’t one of the bimbos that John would sometimes bring around.” But then he would pull some crazy stunt to catch a killer and then they would be high on adrenaline when they got back to Baker street. Sherlock would give him one of his smoldering looks and John would have him up against the nearest wall.
John pulls his shirt off and attacks his neck with such vigor that Sherlock feels a chuckle being pulled out of himself.
“Sherlock, it’s Wednesday, but you should be ecstatic serial killers are like catnip to you.” Sherlock does give a small smile and says, “I am excited but given everything that you are… wait are you saying that I’m like a cat?” John just chuckles as he puts on his coat, then grabs Sherlock’s and his scarf, handing them over before they are out the door and down the stairs hailing a taxi.
Sherlock shakes himself out of these thoughts as they pull up to the front of Barts. John is out of the cab and waiting for him on the pavement with his hands clasped behind his back as he pays the driver. They easily fall into step with each other and Sherlock finds his eyes glancing at John trying to check the other’s mental state without being caught. From what he sees John has calmed down, mostly due to the cab ride he imagines. There is still a slight energy to him that seems antsy, and after seeing that body, Sherlock is also feeling rather ready to solve the case as quickly as possible. If only to spare John another crime scene like today.
