And when Cas actually beamed at him, he knew he wouldn’t care if his dad left him here forever.
Shaking her head, Robin turned him around and started pushing him towards Cas. “Don’t worry about it. Just go!”
Dean was distracted, too. Several times he considered passing Cas a note, but he felt silly even thinking about it. Besides, he didn’t really want Cas’s friends to read what he had to say.
Dean looked at Sonny, a moment of fear washing over him. Did he know that he’d snuck out? Was he going to kick him out? Turn him over to the cops and then social services? He’d never see Sammy again…
Cas frowned. “I wish you didn’t have to go.”
It was crazy. Dean had never felt this way about a guy before. And he wasn’t gay. It was just… Cas. He didn’t know how else to describe it. He had never felt like this until he met Cas. Everything about the boy was perfect. He was the most incredible person Dean had ever met and he’d fucked it all up. Of course, he knew it was always just a matter of time before people saw the real Dean and ran scared. The life of a hunter.
“Come on, Dean,” Sonny said, and Dean followed reluctantly. Sonny’s smile was so warm and kind. He couldn’t look at it. “Let’s get some frozen peas on those wrists and I’ll show ya to your room.”
“Cas,” Dean spoke up. He sat up, grunting in pain. “Yeah, I… I’m okay, I think. What the hell--”
Dean stared at him for a moment, then swallowed and looked out the passenger window. They were both quiet for the rest of the drive, and Dean thought about what Sonny said. And what Robin said, and Benny. According to them, it was just as simple as talking to Cas. Telling him how he felt. Dean had never been very good at talking about his feelings, but if that was what it would take to get Cas to talk to him again… Well, he was still pretty sure he sucked at it, but he was willing to try.
“Huh?” Dean’s eyes widened in surprise. “Uh, nothing, why?”
“You protected yourself,” Cas said quietly. “And me.”
Cas stepped forward and shoved his chest. “Don’t you speak of her!” he growled. “Don’t you ever say her name!”
“Hey, Robin,” he said, catching her attention. She turned to look at him, and despite her obvious feelings for Cas, Dean could tell she wasn’t completely immune to his charms. “I, uh, dropped my pencil. Mind grabbing it for me?”
They laughed together then fell into comfortable silence. It was starting to get dark, so Robin had to get going.
“Nope, you love us,” Balthazar said cheerily, pushing the glasses up on his nose. “I think this is a good look for me, no?”
Dean’s face flushed and he smiled nervously. “Right,” he breathed out. “‘Course. I can do that.” He may have played the cocky, confident, experienced playboy, but truthfully he wasn’t really sure what he was doing when it came to the real deal.
Gabe nodded. “Yeah, of course, Cassie. Wouldn’t miss it.” After another pause, he smirked and added, “Can’t pass up a perfect opportunity to tease my kid brother for wearing a onesie.”
Thursday rolled around and it was time for their second wrestling meet. This time it was at a rival school so the team took a bus to get there. Dean sat in the back of the bus with a couple of other boys on the team. He was basically their favorite person after his impressive performance the week before.
Balthazar watched him go, folding his arms over his chest and smiling. He really did miss his best friend. He hadn’t seen him almost all summer, and he hadn’t seen him at all since that night…
“Charlie, Balthazar,” he said, grinning as they both grabbed him into a hug. “No, I’m fine, I promise. You know I can handle Gordon.”
“Brother?” Robin pried, watching him curiously. “I didn’t know you had a brother.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it, chuckles,” Dean said, slapping on a cheeky, tight-lipped smile and straightening his jacket.
Gordon couldn’t believe it. How stupid could that little bitch be? Going outside in the middle of the night, all by himself. Just like his little sister.
Cas smiled at the two of them, though he shifted uncomfortably. Being around his friends, he felt more comfortable being himself, accepting himself. But he still had a hard time saying it. He didn’t know how Charlie and Balthazar were so brave.
He wasn’t leaving until he learned everything there was to know about Castiel.
At Charlie’s house, Balthazar met him at the door to let him in. He chuckled softly when he saw the grin on Cas’s face. “Damn, Cassie, I don’t remember you loving wrestling practice so much.”
Almost as adorable as way Cas’s forehead scrunched up in chem lab when he was focusing really hard on something…
His disappointment was momentarily forgotten when he saw Robin walk in. He hoped she would sit close to him so he could focus on her instead of worrying so much about why Cas wasn’t talking to him.
Dean couldn’t sleep that night. The pain in his ribs wasn’t what bothered him (he was used to pain, and he could tell nothing was broken). But he couldn’t shut his brain off.
Balthazar sighed and looked ahead of them as they walked. “It’s not that I don’t like him, per se,” he started. “I guess I just worry about you is all.”
“Nice!”
At least Dean wasn’t completely alone, Cas reasoned. But he knew that didn’t change the way he felt every time Dean tried to talk to him at Sonny’s and Cas shot him down.
They walked into the chemistry lab still talking and laughing quietly, and Balthazar squeezed his hand before letting him go to his seat, next to Dean.
“Mind if I join?”
Robin watched him for a few moments, trying to decide whether or not to press for more details. Based on the guarded look Dean was wearing, she decided not.
Ash looked at him. “You mean Robin? Honestly, dude, give it up.”
“Bal,” Charlie said with a cautionary tone. “Don’t. It’s over. Cas has accepted it, it’s time for you to do the same. There’s no sense in you getting in trouble too. That’s exactly what Cas was trying to avoid.”
“I, um…” Dean cleared his throat. “Thanks, Sonny.” If only he knew just how much Dean meant it.
Robin shrugged. “He’s just protective is all. He and Cas… there’s a lot of history there.”
After the coach’s speech about the integrity of wrestling and all that, everyone split up into pairs, and Dean and Cas found themselves an empty mat. As it turned out, Dean had been going easy on him before. First round, he pinned him like it was nothing. Dean was strong and he wasn’t as inexperienced as Cas had thought. It was very… amusing.
Dean shook his head. No. He wasn’t staying. He couldn’t just leave Sam, and his dad would come back. Of course he would.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and forced the words out of his mouth. “I need to talk to Cas.”
Cas turned and cried into Gabriel’s shoulder, sniffling and coughing as his brother held him tight. Right then and there, without even knowing what the word meant, Cas promised himself he would never be a homo. He never wanted his dad to look at him like that ever again.
So it didn’t matter that he wanted to be close to Dean, or that Dean was trying so hard to be his friend. It didn’t matter that Cas couldn’t help but smile every time Dean cracked a dumb joke or even spoke Cas’s name. And it most definitely didn’t matter that Cas’s heart leaped every time their hands brushed during a lab assignment. None of that could matter to Cas if he ever wanted to see his family again.
Dean slapped on a half-cocky, half-terrified grin, getting into a fighting stance as the monster turned to face him. Now that he had a better look, he realized it was a vampire. The thing bared its teeth at Dean and he stuffed his knife in his pocket. It was useless here.
Breaking Cas out of his thoughts, Sonny came to stand in the doorway, asking how he was feeling. Gordon slipped in beside him and sneered at Cas.
By the time they got back to Sonny’s, it was nearly dark. The other boys had already had dinner and they were gathered in the living room playing a board game. In the entryway, Dean paused, looking at Cas and not knowing what to say. He didn’t want to make things weird, but he also didn’t really want to call it a night just yet.
“Dean.”
Robin rolled her eyes, her cheeks flushing. “Flattered,” she shot back. “But don’t think too much of it.”
Cas laughed happily and put his hands on Balthazar’s legs, using them as leverage to push himself to his feet. “Now we just need a bottle.”
Cas huffed and shoved him lightly, but he was smiling.
“Upstairs,” Hannah answered, pointing.
“What does that mean, Bal?” Cas asked again, almost pleading.
A flick of movement in the darkness caught his eye, over by the school, and he frowned. Instinctively, he stuck his hand in his pocket and wrapped his fingers around his knife, already walking closer to get a better look.
Thankfully for Cas, Charlie and Balthazar saved him from the awkwardness, grabbing him by each of his arms and walking him the rest of the way to class.
After the team dispersed, Cas took a deep breath and he was about to approach Dean when out of nowhere Robin ran up and hugged him.
Dean blanched for a moment, but quickly composed himself. “Well, that depends. Is that you saying yes?”
“Well it’s a two way street we’ve got goin’ here,” Dean laughed softly. “The flirting and all… Don’t tell me I’m just seein’ things that ain’t there.”
“No, it’s alright,” Cas stopped him, offering a small smile. “It’s just… family isn’t easy for me to talk about. I’m surprised you don’t know already.”
Snapping out of his thoughts, Dean looked at Cas, wide-eyed. “Huh?”
Sonny smiled kindly. “Listen, son. I know how it is. You boys are stubborn and no one wants to make that first move but it’s gotta be done. And if you’re waiting for someone else to make it, you might be stuck waiting forever.”
“Hold on,” Zachariah said, looking up at Cas through his glasses. He was sitting in his chair reading, and he rarely paid attention to much else when was reading. That’s how Cas knew it wasn’t the good kind of ‘hold on.’
“You…” Cas frowned. “You hunt monsters.” Dean nodded. “And… every scary story I’ve ever heard, that’s all real?”
Dean was about to ask for more details when the bell rang. Dammit. Every new thing he learned about Cas just made him want to know more about the boy. Which would be a hell of a lot easier if Cas would actually talk to him about more than their lab assignment. He still didn’t understand why Cas acted completely normal in class and then totally ignored him when they were at home.
She blushed and smiled back at him, then coughed and turned to Dean. “Keep him out of trouble.”
“You were amazing today,” Robin told him with a smile, grabbing his hand, and some of the boys whistled at him. He laughed nervously and glanced at her.
“Yes, father?” he responded weakly, closing the door and standing anxiously at the edge of the tile entryway.
“Thanks,” he said, and Cas nodded and left the house as well. Dean frowned. “Alright then.”
Cas laughed, rolling his eyes and following Dean into the water.
“Yeah, well, shut up,” Dean snarked.
Cas stuck to Dean like glue the whole day, as if he still didn’t believe Dean was alive. He didn’t even go to Balthazar’s house like he usually did on Sunday.
Dean laughed as Cas dragged him along to the ferris wheel, plopping down in a seat next to Cas, with the stuffed bee sitting on the opposite side. Balthazar and Charlie grabbed a seat a few spokes behind them.
“I… wanted to tell you that I lo--”
“I thought you guys weren’t really talking,” Balthazar said, taking a seat at the kitchen table.
Balthazar winced. “Damn.” He accepted the cream soda gratefully as the three of them sat down at the kitchen table. “And I thought our chem teacher was bad.”
“Double kinky,” Charlie coughed. She hit her fist against her chest and cleared her throat. “Agh, sorry. I’ve just got this nasty cough. I must be coming down with something.”
Balthazar grinned at the determined look on Castiel’s face. “Love, there’s a bottle right next to you. The one you just finished drinking out of.”
Dean glanced back over his shoulder to see the deputy running after him, but he kept running…
“Doesn’t make me wanna kick his ass any less, though,” Balthazar told him.
Balthazar’s chest felt tight. That definitely wasn’t what he was expecting. “Okay…” he said slowly, trying to quell the jealousy that threatened to show its face. “And?”
“Y-Yeah, I think so,” Dean told him, rising to his feet with a wince. He reached up to touch his neck and his fingers came away bloody.
He didn’t see Cas at Sonny’s, and when he asked about it Sonny told him he was staying at Charlie’s house for a few days. Dean was hoping he’d get the chance to talk to Cas at the wrestling meet on Thursday but Cas didn’t show. Dean still tried to focus on the team. He didn’t want to let them down.
Before he could lose his mind, Dean slowly pulled away, not opening his eyes for a few seconds. He felt Robin’s breath against his lips and he blinked his eyes open, watching as she did the same.
Dean relaxed and his smile was back, which Cas noted in relief. “Good. That’s, uh… that’s good.”
Benny stopped laughing and sat up a little straighter as a middle aged woman walked into the room carrying a tray of sandwiches and fruit.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, that’s me,” Dean said, taken aback slightly when she didn’t react to his flirting. “My name’s Dean.”
Dean’s throat felt thick as he realized where she was going with that. He couldn’t help but think of Cas, and part of him even thought about what would happen if he asked Cas to the dance, but who was he kidding? Cas didn’t want anything to do with him. That was pretty obvious from the way he ran away like Dean was the goddamn plague.
“He’s…” Balthazar trailed off. He was really trying to control the amount of jealousy in his tone. “Did you see him flirting with Robin earlier?”
He didn’t hear the footsteps behind him until it was too late.
At that moment, Dean turned to look when he heard the door open and saw the other boys walk in the room. It was about time for lights out.
He pulled himself to his feet with Cas’s offered hand, giving him a sly smile. He wouldn’t let his guard down so easily again. He dodged, ducked, grabbed Cas by the arm and had him on the mat a few seconds later, holding him there with an arm across his chest.
But it was pretty hard to say no to Balthazar. And Charlie, too. They were going to the dance as a trio, and Cas begged them to go without him but they wouldn’t have it.
Dean had honestly hoped that last night would’ve changed things, but when he woke up and Cas was already gone he knew it hadn’t. He was still glad he was able to help Cas when he was upset, though, even if Cas was still avoiding him.
Dean eyed him hesitantly. “You’re not gonna try to kill me again, are ya?”
“Hey, bird boy,” called a voice from below, and Cas stiffened. He looked down with disgust when he saw Gordon standing at the base of the tree. The older boy smirked and taunted, “Got your wings yet?”
He hated himself every time his heart pounded just a little too fast.
“Oh, there’s something worth seeing, but it ain’t the jerks throwing a ball around,” Benny said, waggling his eyebrows. Ash and Chuck looked at him blankly. His eyes widened and he shrugged, looking at them like they were crazy. “Cheerleaders. I’m talking about the cheerleaders.”
Dean’s temper flared. “What’s your problem?”
Cas nodded and followed Dean out to the courtyard. They walked for a bit before Dean stopped and turned to face him. “I… I miss you,” he managed in a shaky voice. “I miss talking to you. I miss… touching you, a-and flirting with you.” His voice cracked on the last word and he cleared his throat. “Dammit, I miss all of it, Cas.”
Cas swallowed hard. “It’s just biology, father,” he said softly.
She nodded and climbed in the front seat of the car. Charlie shot Balthazar a worried look and he shook his head. She bit her lip and glanced at Anna before driving away.
Benny and Ash busted out laughing. “Dude!!”
“Wrong room,” he said quickly, grabbing Dean’s hand on instinct. “That’s Gordon’s room. Don’t go in there. Ever.”
“I… I don’t…”
Robin bit her lip to keep her face from splitting into a huge smile. “Well no one’s asked me yet…”
“Just let him have this,” Charlie pleaded. “He deserves to be happy. Even if it’s not with you.”
“Yes, Ms. Carter?” Charlie called sweetly.
“Anna!” Balthazar yelled, appearing from the hallway and running into her as she was leaving.
Robin laughed shyly and pushed her hair back. “Well, I’m sure you’ve noticed or the boys told you, but I’ve kinda had this crush on Cas since like forever.”
Balthazar made a face at him. “Hey, don’t be disrespecting my man Spock. How many times has he saved Kirk’s ass?”
Cas startled a bit and shook his head. “I-- sorry.”
He went quiet, and Charlie gave him his space as he continued sketching. Cas wanted to take her advice, to let Dean in and see if he felt the same way Cas did. Sometimes he thought he did, but he felt crazy for even thinking it.
Dean managed a half smile. “Well, not everything. The loch ness monster is a hoax. Far as I can tell, anyway.”
“It’s alright,” Cas assured him, missing the closeness for a moment and then immediately dismissing that thought. “It’s not that I mind you knowing, I just don’t like talking about it. Like I said, everyone here knows the story. You can ask them. I’m sure you won’t hear it too differently.”
“Where’s the bathroom?”
His frown deepening in concern, Dean began cleaning one of the deeper cuts on Cas’s cheek. He tried to meet the boy’s eyes. “I take it you have quite the history. What’d he do to make you hate him so much? You know, besides being a generally shitty person.”
“Dean?”
It wasn’t until he noticed the bird’s nest teetering on its branch that he finally moved. The mother bird had flown away the second Gordon began shaking the tree, but the nestlings were still there, and they couldn’t fly.
The days dragged on. Cas still hadn’t found the nerve to talk to Dean, and he was starting to think he never would. Besides, he was pretty sure Dean had moved on. He was sitting with Robin at lunch now, laughing and flirting and not paying Cas any attention at all. It was hell.
He was startled out of his state of shock when he heard Cas’s voice. He saw Cas standing about 10 feet away, half hidden behind a wall. “Cas, I…”
While Dean and Cas somehow managed to flirt with bumper cars, Balthazar sulked as a ten-year-old just kept ramming into his car over and over in the corner.
This was his chance at a normal, apple pie life. He wasn’t going to ruin it by opening a social services investigation into his past.
After bumper cars, Cas led the way to the merry-go-round, grabbing Dean’s hand excitedly and tugging him along.
“Me too,” Charlie told him. “Me too.”
Cas didn’t understand Dean. Why was he still here? Why was he still trying to be close to Cas? Why did he care? After what he’d done, how could Dean even look at him?
“Hey,” Cas replied, returning the smile. “Your right, it is cold.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you can,” Dean said with only a hint of sarcasm. “But it never hurts to have someone that’s got your back.” Dean led him to a door and reached for the knob but Cas stopped him.
“Tell me what, Dean?” Cas whispered, inching closer.
Apple pie life, here I come, he thought, offering his best charming smile and “dropping his pencil” on the floor next to Robin. It was a cheap move but effective.
“Thanks.”
Dean changed into some clean clothes, jeans and a black t-shirt with a light blue button-up over the top. He could see bruises forming on his side, but it didn’t hurt too bad. He checked the top drawer and saw a fresh toothbrush; he snatched it up and all but bolted for the bathroom.
“Thanks,” he said, just a few inches from her face, and she blushed.
He basically sprinted down the street.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t help but smile. “Jesus, you’re drunk. Drink some water and get some sleep.”
Dean heard the cashier whispering to the cop and his heart pounded harder in his chest. Don’t panic, Winchester. Just act natural.
Dean was disappointed when Cas closed off in the presence of the other boys, but he understood. Even as he mourned Cas’s open expression, he felt himself rebuilding his own walls.
Yeah. That made more sense than the idea of Cas being in love with him.
That felt like a punch in the gut to Balthazar. Of course he already knew it… He’d seen the way Cas looked at Dean from the beginning. It was plain as day. But that didn’t mean he liked it.
“N-No,” Cas said, and he knew it wasn’t convincing. He sniffled and wrapped his arms around his knees. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”
“Cut the crap, Winchester,” he snapped, lunging at Dean again. Dean let himself be pinned to the wall. It wasn’t like Balthazar could hurt him anyways. “You think I don’t notice the way you flirt with him and then turn around and flirt with Robin or the next pretty face you see? I know your type, you arrogant, playboy, son of a bitch.”
“I guess we should see what he wants,” Cas said.
“I just think you have a thing for Captain Kirk,” Balthazar said, waggling his eyebrows. “Personally I prefer Mr. Spock, but I can see the appeal.”
Cas nodded. He didn’t think he would get more of an answer on that. Yet another mystery from Dean’s past. “So, you were going to teach me to play cards,” he changed the subject with a grin.
Chapter 6:
His thoughts strayed to Dean, and he couldn’t help but wonder if Dean would accept him if he knew. Would he still want to be his friend, or would he think he was disgusting? Cas thought he knew the answer, but honestly the risk was a little too terrifying to Cas. He felt silly for thinking it, but he didn’t want to lose Dean. Not that he even had Dean, but still. He couldn’t bear the thought of Dean looking at him like his father had looked at him when he’d found out…
Dean headed straight for the bedroom. He hoped Cas would be there, and was both confused and disappointed when he didn’t see him. About five minutes later, after Chuck had joined him in the room, Dean heard a noise outside the window. “What the hell?” he muttered, standing up and going to check it out.
“Hey, uh…” Dean spoke hesitantly, running a hand through his hair and still not looking at Cas. “You, um… You too, ya know.”
Dean was already on his way there when Charlie and Balthazar came to pick Cas up in Charlie’s sister’s car. Cas had been slightly disappointed when Dean said he had plans for the night. He’d wanted to invite him to the carnival. But he was excited to spend the day with Balthazar and Charlie in any case.
“I don’t know,” Cas said skeptically. “Last time we had fun, I threw up like 3 times and woke up wearing one of Charlie’s bras.”
Sonny glanced at him, frowning at the sullen look on his face and the slouch of his shoulders. “I probably shouldn’t tell you this,” he said. “But Charlie’s house is just a block away from the school. He’s been staying there for a few days now. It’s the house on the corner by the flower shop. When you’re ready to take that first step, you can find him there.”
“Well, alright then,” Dean replied, grinning. He got a mischievous glint in his eyes and before Cas could process what that meant he was taking a wall of water to the face. After he finished spluttering and wiping water out of his eyes, he laughed and shook his head.
Cas couldn’t move for a few moments. He was having a hard time believing this was actually happening. Dean had barely even looked at him since their kiss, and now he was insisting that they sleep in the same bed. Cas told himself it was just the nightmare.
She shook her head, smiling. “No. Just doesn’t seem like your style.”
Gordon looked up at Castiel, seeing darkness in his eyes he hadn’t seen since that night at the party. He spit out a mouthful of blood and scrambled to his feet, backing away. “Jesus… This isn’t over, Castiel. I swear to God this isn’t over.” He ran back to the house, and Cas stared after him, making sure he was gone. Without turning around, Cas spoke. “Are you alright?”
Dean leaned forward, moving his hand to her shoulder and holding it so gently he was barely making contact. He saw Robin close her eyes, waiting, and he swallowed hard and went for it. He pressed his lips to hers and inhaled through his nose. Damn, it felt like flying. She tasted like cinnamon and smelled like apples.
Dean frowned. “What?”
“What about your mom?”
Dean laughed and leaned forward, grabbing Cas’s shoulder. “And how exactly are we going to do that?”
Dean chuckled lightly. “‘Course it’s okay, Cas. Hell, I’m sure not complainin’.”
“Of course,” Cas mumbled into Gabriel’s shirt. After a long few moments, he pulled back and grinned up at his big brother. Gabriel returned the smile and patted his shoulder.
Dean smiled. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s okay.”
“I think you dropped this,” he whispered. Robin bit her lip and took the pencil from him, trading it for a folded up piece of paper. Dean looked at and then looked at her like ‘seriously?’
“You doin’ alright there, chief?”
“But daddy, look! I drew a picture!” Castiel held up a crayon drawing he’d done in class. His 1st grade teacher gave them daily words to draw, and today’s word was ‘friend.’ “I made a new friend and Miss Claire said it’s okay to hold hands with friends. Even the boy ones!”
Dean shook his head, eyes wide. “Hell no. Balthazar will break my fucking nose.”
Downstairs, Sonny had breakfast ready for the boys, eggs and bacon and toast with jam. It was like a dream. “So Dean, Cas,” Benny said, after Sonny walked out the front door and sat on the porch to eat his breakfast. “I heard you two up late last night. Something you wanna share with the class?” he asked, waggling his eyebrows at the two of them.
“Happy to have ya, Dean. You’re welcome to stay just as long as you’d like.”
How the hell was he supposed to even think of anything else but that?
Dean shook his head, eyeing Cas. “How ‘bout you let me put the nest back, and then we’ll grab you some ice. Lots of ice.”
Dean laughed. “Is that a bad thing?”
“Relax, son, no one’s in trouble,” Sonny said, chuckling softly. “You two wouldn’t happen to know what happened to Gordon’s eye, would you?”
“Yeah, Mr. Ellison, I’ve got a situation here… Yeah, do you have the space? No, not that, he was just here… I can’t believe it, he just left… Yeah, I’ll let him know... His name’s Dean. Thanks, Sonny. Bye, now.”
Cas looked over at him, baffled. “Then it is stupid. That you were put in here, I mean. That’s no crime.”
Dean’s expression shifted into a frown, almost apologetic. “I, uh… I didn’t mean-- If the nickname is too much, I-- I’m sorry…”
The bell rang and the three of them tossed their trays and headed to class. Cas was grateful that he shared his next class with Charlie so he didn’t have to walk alone, as Balthazar split off in the opposite direction.
There was no way in hell Cas was running away from him, not this time. Not ever.
“Of course it is.” Charlie rolled her eyes and pushed his chin up to make him look at her. “Cas, what’s going on? This is about more than your dad.”
“We’re worried about you, Cassie,” Balthazar added. “It’s been almost a week. You’ve barely eaten, you haven’t slept except in class.” Cas didn’t say anything, and Balthazar didn’t know what to do. He found it difficult not to let his anger bubble over. Dean had broken Cas’s heart, just like he expected him to, and now he was out and about like he didn’t care. And now he was here to pick up the pieces, Charlie too. But he was scared. He’d only seen Cas like this twice before. Once when his mom died, and again when his dad had kicked him out of the house.
Dean nodded silently.
“Hello, Robin,” Cas said with a nod and a polite smile.
Cas watched as Dean went back to twirling the knife. He couldn’t help but be distracted by the nimble way his fingers twisted around the blade and hilt. He remembered the way those fingers felt against his skin when he was patching him up that first day…
Luckily, before he could think of an answer, the ride came to a stop and then it was their turn after a loud buzzer. Saved by the bell, more or less.
He thought in circles until the sun peeked in through the window. When Sonny came in the room to wake the boys for breakfast, he pretended he’d only just woken up. “How was your first night, Dean?”
“Do these pants make my butt look big?” he asked Cas with a straight face, and Cas burst out laughing.
Dean looked around, trying to keep his breathing even. There weren’t any cameras that he could see and there was just the one cashier. He could do this.
“You think?” Balthazar asked skeptically.
“Cas, go!”
“Whoa, back off dude--”
He jumped and turned around, the color draining from his face when he saw who was standing there.
“Hey, Bal,” Cas said with an easy grin. “Your uncle not home?”
Cas tried to focus on school and on his friends, two things he could count on.
“Huh?”
Dean hesitated. He didn’t really know, if he was being honest with himself. Sure, he saw a bit of himself in Cas and he didn’t like when people kicked others around just because they could. But it felt like more than that. And Dean thought it might have something to do with how he felt every time he saw Cas smile or anytime Cas touched him, but he couldn’t exactly say that.
They glanced at the teacher and apologized quietly, lowering their voices to a whisper.
He saw the band getting set up in their section of the bleachers, and Dean decided to make himself comfortable on the end closest to the exit. He had a feeling he wasn’t going to stick around for the whole thing.
Cas nodded. He could understand pressure from a father at least. “Did you ever think of doing something else?”
Dean let out a shaky breath and he couldn’t take his eyes away from Cas. “I… I guess nothing,” he said after a long moment. “Nothing at all.”
Sonny chuckled. “What am I gonna do with you, boy?”
He caught a glimpse of Gordon walking out of the house and he saw red. He started marching towards him but Charlie grabbed him.
Running back into the room, he found Cas exactly as he’d left him, staring wide-eyed at his trembling hands.
Dean scoffed. “Wouldn’t you like to know, pervert?”
When Sonny pulled up in front of the house, the four boys hopped out and headed inside. “Dinner in fifteen minutes!” Sonny called out.
“Surrender or die!” Cas announced with determination. “Victory will be ours!”
Snatching his jacket off the floor, Dean pulled out a small picture of him and his brother, curling up on his side and starting at the faded photograph. He frowned. What was he thinking, trying to make friends here? Obviously he couldn’t stay. He had to get back to his brother. He had to keep him safe, like always. It didn’t matter that his dad didn’t want him around anymore. All that mattered was that Sam was okay.
As brief and awkward as the interaction was, it rooted a tiny sapling of hope in Cas’s heart. Maybe Dean missed him. Maybe he was just hurt after Cas ran away. Maybe…
Cas felt like he was suffocating. He didn’t even realize where he was running until he practically collapsed on Balthazar’s front porch. Not even a minute later, Balthazar was opening the door. “Cas?” he said, frowning and helping Cas to his feet. He was shaking and close to tears and he looked like he was going to drop to the ground again. “Cas, Jesus, what happened to you?”
Cas shrugged. “I don’t know how I feel,” he said, and he knew it didn’t sound very convincing. “Besides, we’re just now becoming friends. And I seriously doubt he sees me like that. I saw him flirting with Robin a lot the past couple days.”
He ignored Benny asking him if he was alright, and he was walking towards Cas before he even gave his legs permission to move. He hesitated before he reached the concessions, trying to work up the courage. Balthazar wasn’t next to him and the boy’s from Sonny’s weren’t around to interrupt. This could be his only chance.
Dean looked over at Chuck who was just reading a book. Dean hoped he wouldn’t say anything.
“Dean, I--”
Turning the tables once more, Cas broke free and spun Dean around by his arm, sending him back to the mat.
The boys nodded, all muttering “Yes, sir,” and putting their dishes in the sink.
Cas’s eyes snapped open when he heard the door open, looking over just in time to watch Dean slip out. He wanted to stop him… but no. This was a good thing. Cas’s feelings for Dean would only lead to more problems, so Cas let him go, as much as it hurt.
Robin’s smile stretched wider across her face, but it soon fell as she spoke again. “So, you and Cas, that’s not…?” she asked, almost wishing she hadn’t when Dean’s smile fell too.
“Come on guys, it was a team effort,” he shrugged, hesitantly squeezing Robin’s hand.
“What are you doing up there?” she asked, then smirked. “Don’t tell me you’re going all ‘bird boy’ like Cas.”
Chapter 1:
Cas scoffed and shook his head. “Alright, now you’re just full of it.”
As the two of them fell quiet again, Dean couldn’t help but wonder about Cas’s past with Gordon. Was it really that bad? Maybe he would ask one of the other boys after all. For now, though, he decided to try for some sleep. But between Benny arguing with Chuck over his fantasy romance supernatural novel (“Why would vampires kill for sport? That’s a waste of perfectly good food!”), and Cas humming softly to himself, and thoughts of Sam…
Dean shook his head, clearing that thought right out. No. His dad was a hero and he did his best. He truly believed that. Still… until his dad came back for him, what he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him, right?
“Stay the fuck away from him,” Cas growled, punching Gordon hard across the face. He resisted the urge to just keep hitting him, pulling himself to his feet and shaking out his hand. “Touch him, or anyone else again and I’ll blind you.”
Cas hummed softly and leaned forward a fraction of an inch. It took everything Balthazar had not to grab him and kiss him and never ever stop.
To hell with personal space, Cas thought, then chastised himself. Dean was right. That was… dangerous. A line Cas knew he couldn’t uncross once he crossed it. “Right,” he said, still watching Dean intently.
“A werewolf,” Cas said slowly, and it felt silly coming out of his mouth. “How… How can that be a werewolf? It was… Well, it looked human. Kind of.”
He laughed softly. “I’ve still got it.”
“Cas, I don’t know,” Dean said, desperately. “I don’t know.”
Besides, he definitely didn’t think Dean was gay. He was not that lucky.
“Balthazar, I--” The words got caught in his throat and he slowly turned to look at Balthazar. Balthazar swallowed hard when he saw how much blood was on his hands. Shit.
Dean almost choked. He tried to keep it cool, cracking a joke. “Aren’t you gonna buy me dinner first?” he asked as he knelt down on the grass.
“Wait, are you afraid of heights?” Cas asked Dean, suppressing his amused laughter.
The next few days, Dean kept his head down and gave Cas some space. At school, he worked quietly in chem lab and didn’t try to start anything. He was waiting for the right time.
Charlie stood up, bouncing over to the podium that controlled the scoreboard. “Great! Now that that’s all cleared up, let’s bowl!”
They didn’t talk much through the rest of lunch, eating their food and sneaking glances at each other. For the first time since Dean had arrived at Sonny’s, he wasn’t hyper focused on Cas. He felt normal and actually something resembling happy for the first time in as long as he could remember. He was grateful to Robin for that.
They walked into class and Dean faltered in his steps as soon as he saw Cas. He tried to play it off and continue to his seat but he knew Cas had seen him. He saw Cas stare at him the second he walked in the door. Dean wished he could figure out what the hell he was thinking when he stared at him like that.
Cas felt his stomach ache at Dean’s words, though he refused to acknowledge why that was. “Yeah, thank you, Robin. Charlie loves these games.”
Ruth smiled and led the boys inside, showing them where the cleaning supplies were and then joining Sonny in the foyer. “What do you make of Dean?” she asked.
Balthazar and Cas looked up to see Charlie waving at them from her front porch up ahead. They smiled and closed the distance between them and the steps, following her inside. “Nothing important,” Cas answered her question. “How did your first day go?”
No, Cas thought, shutting down every part of him saying just kiss him, and he shook his head and backed away from Dean, turning his head to look down at his feet. He didn’t really know why he did it, he just… couldn’t. He knew Dean would regret it, and then he’d never speak to him again. Giving into his selfish desires wasn’t worth losing Dean.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. He didn’t particularly like being psychoanalyzed. “I dunno what you’re talking about.”
“Because… you don’t know him, Cas,” he continued, trying to make Cas understand without having to say the words. “We don’t know anything about him.”
Cas didn’t say anything. She saw right through him and he knew it. Of course he was thinking about Dean, how could he not? It was impossible not to think about the way Dean’s green eyes sparkled and lit up when he smiled, or the way he laughed with his entire being, or the way he touched Cas so gently when he was concerned…
And he did like Robin. A lot, actually. He’d enjoyed their kiss and Robin made him smile. She was beautiful and funny and kind and everything Dean had ever imagined wanting in a girlfriend. Maybe he’d been so focused on Cas that he was forgetting about who stood right in front of him.
“Well, would you look at that, at least one of you is embracing my rebellious lifestyle!”
“I would’ve asked sooner if I thought you’d say yes,” Dean said honestly as they grabbed their trays of food.
That did make Dean feel a little better, but he still didn’t feel great when he realized that Cas had been staring too. And based on how Cas had been ignoring him, Dean guessed it wasn’t the good kind of staring.
“Oh, this is gonna be fun,” Dean told him, slapping on a cocky grin and grabbing a deck of cards (courtesy of Sonny) from his nightstand. “I’ll deal.”
“The only reason I’m okay with staying at Sonny’s… the only reason I can handle seeing Gordon’s face every day… is because I know you guys are safe. You, Anna… you three are the only reason any of this is bearable. I can’t let any of you get in trouble for my mistakes.” He paused, looking at Balthazar. “What if Gordon went to the cops? The only reason he didn’t is because they’d figure out what he did, but he still could… You shouldn’t push him. It’s not worth the risk. It could all come back to you. And back to Anna.”
Panicked and breathing hard, Dean ran through the halls of the school, trying to find the source of the cries for help.
Wrestling Try-Outs: All weight classes welcome!
“Cas?”
He shielded Anna as they walked down the stairs. Gordon was in the middle of a crowd of people, and everyone was talking frantically to each other. Thankfully, nobody noticed them slip out.
Dean just shrugged. “I have a habit of getting into trouble. I’m sure he would’ve found a reason to come at me one way or another. Not your fault.”
Nodding and turning to face her, Balthazar sighed. “Let’s go before I do something stupid like rip his fucking arms off.”
Balthazar returned the smile ten-fold. He couldn’t help it. Despite his teasing, he had been looking forward to tonight for a solid week now. Movie night with Cas was everything. It reminded him of before things got so damn complicated.
“I’ll see you around, little brother,” Gabe told him, wrapping his brother in a tight hug before heading out the door.
Disappointed. Disgusted.
“Mr. Donovan?” Benny scoffed. “Nah, he’s the best. He let us leave early after the assignment was done. The guy loves me.”
Robin rolled her eyes. “Dean, you know.” When he didn’t say anything, she continued. “Cas. I’d have to be blind not to see you staring at him.”
They didn’t even try to find Charlie and Balthazar, just making a line for the exit. Cas held his stuffed bee against his chest with one hand and latched onto Dean’s hand with the other. Neither of them said a word until they got to Sonny’s. Thankfully, Sonny and the other boys were too busy with dinner to notice Dean and Cas come in.
“I have no idea what on earth you could be referring to, Cassie,” she shrugged innocently.
He grabbed Dean’s hand and then they were standing face to face again. Dean didn’t know how to tell Cas that he didn’t want to go, but he didn’t have a choice. He didn’t know how to tell him that he wanted nothing more than to stay there with Cas and never go anywhere else ever again. He didn’t know how to say that he couldn’t have a normal life and he couldn’t do that to Cas. He didn’t know how to tell him that he loved him.
Castiel’s ego softened a bit at the boy’s concern. “I’m fine,” he insisted, but he winced as he sat up straighter, exposing the lie. “I have to get back up the tree. The birds…”
Dean shrugged, smiling just a bit, and Cas couldn’t help but watch him. Perhaps there was more to Dean than Cas had initially thought.
They each got a pretty solid wad of tickets and made their way into the heart of the carnival.
Dean looked up from his food when he heard Benny’s voice and saw him running towards him. He glanced at Robin apologetically and gave Benny an unamused look. “What is it, Benny?”
Robin was an excellent distraction as always. A very sweet, very cute distraction. Still, Dean couldn’t help but notice when Cas didn’t show up in first or last period. It wasn’t like him to miss class. Dean couldn’t help but start to worry.
“I’m glad you didn’t leave.”
He was stupid for letting Anna go out on her own. Stupid for losing his temper so impulsively. Stupid for thinking his dad cared. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
He hesitated, but looking into Cas’s eyes he could never deny him. “I promise.”
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding, and he couldn’t help but smile. “Me neither. I don’t wanna leave.”
“Hey,” Dean said softly, grabbing him by the shoulders and meeting his eyes. He was grateful when Cas didn’t flinch away. “It’s gonna be alright.”
Dean’s expression hardened, glaring at Balthazar. “Don’t you talk about my mother like that,” he said lowly, a cocky smirk tugging at his lips.
Cas rolled his eyes and returned his attention to the birds. “Go away, Gordon,” he muttered.
Cas hadn’t slept so peacefully in years.
Before he knew it, the bell rang and class was out. Cas was up and out the door before Dean could even gather his books. Sighing, Dean slung his backpack over one shoulder and made his way to the library. Oh, if Sammy could see him now, actually doing homework and shit. He’d be so proud.
“I’m awful at chemistry,” Cas told him, offering a weak smile. “I could… I could use a partner who knows what they’re doing.”
Dean was touched that Cas had opened up to him like that. He wasn’t expecting so much honesty so soon but he wasn’t complaining. He only wanted to learn more. And Dean had a feeling that there was something more to Cas’s story. He wouldn’t push, not just yet, but he could tell Cas wasn’t telling him everything.
“I’m, uh, gonna go find Balthazar,” Charlie said, giving Cas a knowing look. Cas went bright red but before he had time to protest Charlie was gone and he was alone with Dean. Well, alone in the middle of a busy school hallway, but still.
But on the other hand… Maybe he did.
Cas shook his head again, baffled. He couldn’t believe this. “How… how do you know all of this? This-This is crazy!”
Balthazar rolled his eyes, but he was grateful to see Cas smile. “Fine,” he pouted. “If it’ll really make you happy, I’ll wear a damn tux.”
Cocky. That’ll get old really quickly, Castiel thought. He looked away from Dean without a word and crossed his arms, scolding himself for so blatantly staring at Dean.
Dean huffed out a laugh. “Hey, it’s alright, just get changed. I’ll get you some water.”
Dean stared up at Cas in silence, only the sound of his breathing between them. He felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest. He felt warm and heavy and breathless and Cas was leaning in closer.
“Alright, so then from here I just…” Cas trailed off, trying to demonstrate slowly so Dean could see what he was doing. He did something like a somersault, pulling Dean over his back and using the leverage of Dean holding his neck to land him flat on his back. And just like that, Cas had him pinned. His arm was still wrapped around Dean’s waist and he looked up at him as Dean removed his arm from Cas’s neck. “Did that make sense?”
Cas grinned. “Thanks, Bal.”
He looked back when he remembered Gordon, and his stomach dropped. Shit.
Cas frowned. “Do I smell like puke? Oh, shit, I’m sorry, that’s gross.”
“Touching,” he said. “Cassie, looks like you’ve got two heroes coming to your rescue. How pathetic.”
“Oh, uh… yeah, I’m fine,” he said, blinking hard a few times. “Just daydreaming, I guess.”
After try-outs were finished, Dean and Cas walked together to a little diner a few blocks from the school. Technically speaking, Cas knew that Robin’s family’s diner had the best pie in town, but it felt wrong to take Dean there. He wasn’t sure if Robin was working or not, but he didn’t want to risk that awkward interaction. Mostly, he just didn’t want to watch the two of them flirting again.
“You’re ridiculous.”
“What?” Benny asked, holding his hands up. “I’m not judging. Just saying it’s obvious, the way you look at him.”
“It’s about damn time,” Benny grumbled. Chuck made a noise of agreement, mouth full of food.
His father was a cruel man, and horribly old fashioned (i.e. homophobic). From his friendship with Balthazar, Cas had learned that being gay wasn’t really a bad thing. That it didn’t make someone wrong or unlovable like his father had always taught him. He knew that. He knew that the feelings he had were normal and that he wasn’t a bad person, but when you’re taught to believe a certain thing for your entire life, it’s almost impossible to ever abandon that idea completely.
“Maybe you’re just a terrible teacher, then,” Cas teased, smirking.
Dean led Cas into the bathroom and closed the door behind them, and the floodgates opened.
“What? What is it, Cas? ‘Cuz I don’t know what the hell I did wrong.” Dean shifted uncomfortably but didn’t look away from Cas. He was begging him to tell him what he did so he could fix it. He didn’t understand.
Dean looked skeptical but nodded once. “Okay. You need to go to the nurse or something?”
Cas finally looked at him, and his throat felt so thick he didn’t think he could speak. “I…” he cleared his throat and forced himself to make eye contact. “Dean, you don’t have to…”
“Alright, chief,” Benny chuckled, digging into his dinner.
“You can’t save them, Dean.”
Cas looked back at her and shook his head. “Uh, nothing. No one. I wasn’t looking.”
Sitting up slowly, Dean watched him go, hurt and confused and trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
The three of them didn’t say a word on the way to the bowling alley. Even then, Charlie only spoke to tell the cashier they wanted one round of bowling for the three of them. And to order three beers.
“So,” Balthazar said, slinging his arm over Cas’s shoulders and leading him off the porch. “I was thinking. Now that you’re here and good old dad isn’t around to get all high and mighty on me, I was thinking we should go out. Ya know, have some fun.”
Flirting, cheesy pick up lines, high school crushes… Dean was killing this whole normal thing.
Gordon ran out of the bathroom and Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, don’t thank me for saving your ass or anything.”
Balthazar nodded. After a moment he shook his head to clear his head and smiled at Cas. “So, movie night or board games?”
“So, this homecoming game,” Dean changed the subject. “Is it worth seeing?”
Dean began to shake his head, then his jaw dropped when he processed what Ash had said. “Wait, Cas? He’s on the wrestling team?”
Balthazar made his way back into the house. Hannah noticed him walk in and intercepted him before he could get to the stairs.
“Huh?” Dean looked up, pulled from his thoughts by Cas’s voice.
Cas looked at her finally, attempting a smile that turned into more of a grimace. “Thanks, Charlie.”
Cas bit his lip. “Alright then.”
“Whatever you say,” the older boy laughed, ruffling Cas’s hair and grinning at the annoyed whine he let out.
Dean and Cas lingered for just a moment, neither of them quite ready to separate. After a minute, Dean reluctantly sat up, smiling at Cas. “Shall we?” he offered weakly.
Charlie reached out to rub his back lightly. “I’ll even let you pick the movie,” she said with a half smile.
He had a single rose tucked behind his back-- Ash’s idea-- and used his other hand to knock on the door.
“Hey, didn’t hear ya come in,” he said lightly, still moving the knife through his fingers gracefully.
Sonny nodded, looking between the boys and not entirely believing him. He saw the way Dean winced when he stood up, saw the way he held his side. “Well, thank god he didn’t,” he told them. “Dean, how ‘bout you clean up the dishes? Then we can talk about getting you signed up for school.”
Balthazar’s stomach twisted with jealousy, then anger at Dean, then pure rage towards Zachariah. As it usually did, his hatred for Cas’s father won out over the rest. “Screw what your dad thinks,” he said, trying to keep his tone from shaking out of control. “If… if you wanted to kiss Dean, or anyone for that matter, it’s none of his goddamn business.”
Dean nodded quickly and directed his eyes to his notebook, jotting down crap about molecules and atomic numbers with a shaky hand. He could feel wondering eyes on him and he wished he could crawl under the lab table and hide. That is, until he noticed a certain pair of eyes sneaking a couple of not-so-subtle glances at him. He looked up just in time to catch Cas’s eyes, and it was the first time in more than a week that Cas had actually looked at him.
Cas. If there were hunters and monsters around, then Cas was in danger. If Dean was around, then Cas was in danger. Bad shit followed him wherever he went, and it was selfish to want to be close to Cas because being close meant putting him in harm’s way. That was one of the first things a hunter had to learn. If you cared about someone, the best thing to do was to get as far away from them as possible.
Dean smiled. “‘Course I’m okay.” He hesitated, unsure if he wanted to say what he was about to say. “Cas, I…”
“I didn’t see Cas tonight,” Sonny commented, and Dean could tell he was going somewhere with this. “Any idea why he didn’t show?”
“I’m, uh… not too bad at chemistry,” Dean told him, lips quirking up in a half smile. “So you don’t have to worry.”
Dean nodded, drying his hands and pulling at his sleeves nervously. “Yeah, I think so.”
“Yes sir,” Dean nodded.
Dean shrugged. “I’m just thinking.”
“Today’s a new day,” Dean told him. Cas couldn’t figure out if his confidence was more amusing or arousing.
After that night, Dean honestly regretted saying anything at all. At least when he muddled through Cas ignoring him at Sonny’s, he knew he’d still get to talk to Cas in chem class. But when he showed up to class, Cas didn’t even say hello. Great, now Cas was back to not talking to him at all.
Dean looked around at all of the boys. Only maybe a quarter of them would make it on the team, he figured. Still, he liked his chances. He didn’t exactly have formal wrestling experience, but he knew how to pin a guy twice his size and barely break a sweat. How hard could high school wrestling be?
“Damn, that’s rough,” Dean said, smirking. “I’m just glad he’ll be more focused on you than me.”
“You think this is funny?” Balthazar growled, standing over him by about half a foot.
Cas frowned. “The, uh… the stories. Werewolves, pure silver stake to the heart. Ya know all those legends.”
“Hey, uh, Benny mentioned he had a few questions about an assignment,” Dean told Cas, smiling apologetically. “I forgot I told him I’d help him out at lunch.”
“That’s what I’m here for,” Robin said, unfazed by the blatant flirtation. She heard that shit all the time, but never from one person in particular.
Dean laughed, breathless and barely there, and averted his gaze for a moment. He found the guts to look at Cas again and said, “Your arm. That, uh… doesn’t look very comfortable.”
“You can go play with the others if you want to,” Cas said with a light smile.
Cas shook his head, wiping the tears that fell without his permission. “I’m so stupid,” he muttered.
Dean nodded, swallowing thickly. “Yeah… Uh, one more time maybe?”
“Are you… I mean, after you saw… Well, I thought…” Dean sighed, frustrated, and just spit it out. “Are you afraid of me?”
Cas bit his lip and snuggled further into Balthazar’s chest. “I guess not. But… he pulled away. I… I really thought he was going to, but…” Cas shook his head, trailing off.
His eyes flew open when he heard that gruff, concerned voice approaching him, and he felt a hand on his shoulder. He leaned into it just a bit.
His chest hurt at the thought of Sam. Where was he now? Did dad drop him off at Bobby’s, or drag him along on a hunt? Did he even know what happened or why Dean wasn’t there? Or how his dad has basically told him “You’re on your own, rot in jail for all I care.” How all he wanted was to get some food for Sam but he didn’t have any money left. How he was abandoned for trying to be a good big brother.
“We all play for the other team, anyways,” Charlie chimed in with a sneaky smile, and Cas actually choked out a laugh. Balthazar smiled. “But I swear to god if you guys cheer for those heathens, I will skin you both alive.”
Balthazar snorted. “Whatever you say, Cassie.”
Maybe Benny was right. Perhaps Dean could use a distraction that wasn’t going to end with him hurting someone he cared about. Robin was great at distracting him from Cas, but he knew that he was only going to hurt her and he hated it.
Cas scrunched his face. “I said I would never drink again and I meant it. But I do like mozzarella sticks.”
Dean was so caught up in the feeling of Cas’s hand in his and the thrilled racing of his heart that he almost didn’t hear the rustling in the bushes behind them. Almost.
With that, Cas grabbed his backpack and headed out the door. It was about 5 p.m. so he figured Sonny and the other boys would be having dinner any minute. He knew he had to be there, but he wasn’t looking forward to seeing Dean and having to pretend he didn’t notice him.
Balthazar clicked his tongue and laughed cynically, looking up at the ceiling and then down at the floor. “Fine. I promise…” He paused, looking up at Cas. “For Anna.”
Gordon smirked, keeping calm. “Do it, then. If you’re so much better than me.”
“No, you’re not,” Cas insisted, his voice shaking horribly as he reached for Dean and then pulled back. “Dean, we… we have to go. Now.”
Cas nodded and waved to her as he hopped off the porch and headed off to the field behind the house.
He tried to focus on class. He was never great at math but he honestly wasn’t sure if this trigonometry stuff was actually math. There were way too many letters.
“What do you mean by that?” Dean asked, leaning in close so he could see the wound better. Cas’s heart skipped a beat and he inched back just a bit.
Balthazar’s head snapped up when Cas spoke softly. It barely came out as words so he cleared his throat and tried again. “Movie night sounds good,” he whispered.
Cas huffed out an incredulous laugh, but he could tell Dean was telling the truth. As insane as it was. “So… the guy at the carnival, was he…?”
“And you already met Chuck here.” Chuck waved enthusiastically. “And Mr. Personality over there is Castiel.”
Forcing himself to get to his feet, Dean tried to focus. He still had a job to do. Saving people. That’s what he was good at.
Castiel startled and looked over at the source of the voice: Dean.
Cas was opening up to him more and more, and Dean was soaking it all in, but as soon as they weren’t alone, his walls went up. Although, he couldn’t really blame Cas for that. He did the same thing.
Dean sighed. “Dammit,” he muttered, shaking his head. “Is it really that obvious to everyone?”
“Anytime,” she said softly. She turned back to the front as the teacher entered the room, but Dean counted that as a win.
Cas heard the crack in Dean’s voice and it tugged at his heart painfully. “Well…” He frowned. He wanted to make Dean feel better, but he didn’t really know how. Still, he wanted to try. “Well you’re here now,” he said carefully. “And he’s not. Maybe you can finally do what makes you happy. You can do what you want to do with your life.”
He wheeled around just in time to shove Cas out of the way and take a full swipe of sharp claws to the face. He groaned loudly through gritted teeth and stumbled back, instinctively going for his knife.
“Dinner’s on the table,” Sonny told Cas as he opened the door for him, gesturing inside with a smile. “How was school?”
Dean shook his head, staring out at the field where a couple of players were getting warmed up. “I’m pretty sure he doesn’t wanna talk to me. I’ve tried.”
Dean paused his ministrations and took a moment to study the inscription on the blade. “Yeah, pure silver.”
Cas shrugged again. Balthazar sighed and rubbed his back, leaning over and kissing the side of his head before pulling him into a hug. Cas relaxed slightly in his hold and leaned into his chest. “If he was disappointed in me before… I don’t even want to think about what he’d say now.”
“Hey there, son, why the hurry?”
Charlie laughed and handed Cas the water bottle. “Alright, Cassie, turn me into a math wizard.”
Sonny smiled and nodded, leaving the room again and heading outside.
Cas wasn’t sure what to make of that, but before he could say anything, the other three boys walked into the room. Benny nodded at Cas.
Dean froze for a moment. “Uh…” He shook his head and smiled at Cas. “I, uh… I told you about my brother. What about you? Got any siblings?”
“Yeah,” Cas nodded, smiling sadly. “That’s pretty good advice.”
Cas blushed when Dean called him ‘dark and mysterious.’ Was that really what people thought of him? Was that really what Dean thought of him? He decided not to dwell on the thought.
“Come on, Cassie, it’ll be fun,” Balthazar said, then smiled suggestively. “Besides, some of those sweaty jocks look damn good in those pants.”
“Take a picture,” Dean grumbled, clasping his fist around the knife and setting it roughly on his nightstand. He didn’t have to look to know Cas was staring at him. “It’ll last longer.”
“Hey, can I help you, boy?”
Dean finished his food before the other boys and headed upstairs. He didn’t want to push it, but he figured he’d give Cas the chance to say something. He knew it was kind of a long shot, though.
Castiel glared at Gordon and lifted himself up a bit. He still couldn’t stand.. Sonny ushered Gordon inside, and Dean walked over to Cas, watching him in concern. “Hey, you okay, man?” he asked. “Looks like you hit your head pretty hard…”
“Cas?”
He didn’t remember much about his mom. But as soon as Cas started singing-- “Hey, Jude… Don’t be afraid” --Dean remembered her favorite song and her sweet voice as she sang him to sleep.
The sick feeling in his gut was eased somewhat when he showed up in the gym for their first wrestling meet of the season and Cas was there. As the boys gathered around the coach, Dean noticed that Cas was actually going out of his way to not look at Dean.
He saw Balthazar’s resolve shake and after a moment the taller boy released him and stepped back. “I must be crazy or stupid, but I believe you,” Balthazar said reluctantly. “But I swear to god, if you hurt Cas--”
Gordon laughed. “Fine, tough guy.”
“We’re all pretty gay,” he chimed in quietly. They looked over at him and he smiled hesitantly.
“Hey, Dean!” Dean startled at Cas’s voice as the boy caught up with him outside the gym. He smiled at the boy, cursing the heat rising on his cheeks. He couldn’t figure out this effect Cas seemed to have on him. “You heading back to Sonny’s?”
“Why’s that?” Dean asked.
“What do I do?” he asked, voice low and rough. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.”
Dean laughed, genuine and bright, and Cas felt his cheeks flush. “Well it’ll make you even more dark and mysterious, either way.”
Cas hummed in response and made his way to his bed with a yawn. “I just got back.” He paused, discarding his shoes at the foot of the bed. He watched Dean for a moment, mesmerized by the movement of the knife and Dean’s skilled fingers. “Where’d you learn to do that?”
“I asked if you wanted to make a study group,” Charlie said. “It’ll be an excuse to hang out and as an added bonus I won’t fail trigonometry.”
“Well that’s not true,” Balthazar said, squeezing his shoulders gently. “What happened? Is it Dean?” The thought made his blood boil. He’d warned him if he hurt Cas…
(He knew that wasn’t entirely true, but it was at least unlikely.)
His heart was racing.
“Cas…” Charlie hedged, watching him carefully. “Sweetie, say something.”
Chapter 5:
Gritting his teeth to keep from groaning in pain, Cas gingerly hooked a thumb into the back of the neckline on his dirty t-shirt. He brought it over his head and tossed it into his laundry basket before replacing it with an old, loose-fitting black t-shirt.
Charlie laughed and Balthazar forced a smile. “Your favorite,” Charlie said. “Have you guys done the fun house yet? It’s wacky.”
They both looked in the direction of Ash’s voice and laughed.
“Love you guys,” he said, stuffing his books in his bag. “See you tomorrow.”
“Oh, is that so?” he asked, smirking at Dean and splashing him back.
“Cas, I get it,” he said, and shook his head. “I mean, I don’t get it, but I figure you had your reasons. Doesn’t make you a bad person or anything.”
Sonny smiled, amused, and glanced at him over his shoulder as he grabbed a bag of frozen peas. “You’re sixteen, right?”
“Professor Cassie, can I be excused?” Balthazar chimed in, putting Charlie’s reading glasses on and making his voice all nasally.
“Oh, it’s nothing like that,” Ash told him, waving a hand. “Nah, they’re just not used to seeing new people. Small town and all that.”
“I… I…”
“I… Well, I’m glad you’re talking to me,” Dean admitted, clearing his throat and not meeting Cas’s eyes. “It sucked when you wouldn’t,” he mumbled.
Robin rolled her eyes. “No he won’t. He’s protective but he also knows how much Cas cares about you.”
“Follow my lead,” Cas told him with a grin. “If we can get in close I can take them all down.”
“Bal, pleeeeease? I’ve never played, and isn’t it like a rite of passage or something?”
Cas was terrified. But he also hadn’t felt this excited about anything for almost as long as he could remember.
“You’re spending more and more time at this boy’s house,” his father said slowly. “I’m not sure I like what he’s putting in your head.”
What he couldn’t admit was that his feelings for Dean were already out of his control. He was already terrified to lose him… so why did he keep pushing Dean away?
Dean grabbed his shoulders and tried to calm him. “Cas, breathe,” he said gently. “You’re hyperventilating.”
“Are you okay?” Cas asked shakily, taking a few steps towards Dean, much to Dean’s surprise.
He wished he knew what had Dean so scared. It was clearly a nightmare, but it seemed like more than that. Dean was terrified. Cas had never seen anything like it. It was like Dean thought it was real, whatever his nightmare was about. Cas really didn’t know what to make of that.
Robin laughed, shaking her head. “Not unless you want to. Benny only goes for the cheerleaders anyways.”
“Balthazar,” Cas pleaded. “Promise me.”
“Goodnight, Balthazar.”
“Mine looks like a monkey’s ass,” Benny said, staring at his food and scrunching up his nose.
Cas frowned, confused. “Why would you worry about me?”
“What about your parents?”
“Ohhhhhh,” they both said in realization. Dean laughed. It actually felt really good just talking to boys his age like a normal teenage boy.
Cas’s face flushed against his will and he laughed softly, a little breathless. “Well alright then.”
He didn’t think about it when he found an empty seat next to Dean in their first class of the day. He usually sat with Balthazar and Charlie but this thing with Dean was new and exciting and all he could think about was being close to him.
Cas rolled his eyes and shoved Gabe’s shoulder. “It’s a uniform.”
Cas was marking and organizing his notebook to get ready for some hardcore note-taking when he heard a deep voice from the front of the classroom. His eyes widened and he looked up. Ignoring Dean just got a hell of a lot harder.
Dean looked up when the door opened, for a split second hoping it was Castiel. But he wasn’t disappointed by what he saw at all. His eyes widened when a very beautiful girl with a guitar entered walked through the door.
“No way am I letting any of them slip through the cracks. If I would’a had someone there to help me, I wouldn’t have gotten into so much trouble back in the day. All they need is someone to believe in them.”
Cautiously, Castiel stood, steadying himself with a firm grip on the branches above him. He began to pull himself up, gasping and catching his grip when his foot slipped. Gordon began to shake the tree with even more fervor and the nest slipped. Castiel cursed and dove to catch it, falling to the ground with a thud. He groaned as the nestlings chirped in alarm, startled but safe and sound. Cas, on the other hand, was less than okay.
This time, Dean didn’t have the strength to move away. Instead he closed his eyes and placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder, taking a steadying breath, and then Cas closed the last bit of distance between them.
Scattered groans of protest erupted from the other boys, but Dean couldn’t help the way his lips twitched up in a small smile. He had a room, albeit a shared one. He had new clothes, he had a bed that was his, he had chores. It was so… normal. He never thought he could have anything close to normal. Maybe this was his chance at that apple pie life he’d always been too scared to even think of.
“If you insist.”
Dean sighed, turning and sliding his back down the wall until he was sitting on the sidewalk. That was one less thing to worry about, at least.
“I suppose it is,” she said with a laugh.
“I do,” Cas said softly, frowning at the sidewalk. “But what’s the harm in being his friend? We’re just… talking.”
After class was over, Dean even walked him to his next class before heading to his own. Cas’s heart skipped a beat when Dean laid a hand on his shoulder and patted it lightly before he was on his way.
“Look, we can still go to the dance if you want,” she went on. “As friends. But you should really try talking to him.”
When Gordon tried to pull him off of Alastair, Cas grabbed his arm and twisted it hard. “Get the fuck away from my sister, you son of a bitch!”
“Just someplace I like to go to eat in peace,” Robin said, smiling tentatively. Dean could tell this wasn’t somewhere she took just anyone for lunch. “Dean, I… To tell you the truth, I do like you. I have since you first came to Sonny’s. And Cas… well, that’s never gonna happen. For a lot of reasons, but it’s complicated.”
Cas couldn’t help but smile. “Fine, but I’m not dancing.”
“Cas, we gotta go,” he told him, trying to keep his voice calm as he approached Cas. “Cassie?”
Even as he looked away, though, he leaned back into Cas’s chest. His shoulders relaxed and Cas, in a moment of bold bravery, wrapped his hand around Dean’s bicep and squeezed ever so gently.
Dean looked around. The room wasn’t exactly huge, but it was surprisingly roomy considering 6 boys lived there. It was actually kinda nice, Dean thought. He even had his own night stand. He’d only ever had a bed to share with Sammy in dirty hotel rooms, so this was practically paradise.
“Not dancing my ass!” Balthazar shouted, outraged. There was a knock at the door and he frowned. “I’ll get it!” he called to Charlie and Cas, heading down the hall.
“Oh fuck off--”
“Dean, I...” Cas stopped himself. He couldn’t. He couldn’t get close to Dean and he couldn’t let Dean get close to him. It couldn’t possibly end any way but bad.
The teacher nodded and gestured to an empty seat in the back of the room… right next to Cas. Oh great, he thought. How the hell am I gonna play it cool when he’s sitting right next to me?
“Hey, Ruth,” Sonny said, hopping out of the truck and greeting the woman. “Where do you want us?”
Cas could feel Balthazar watching them from across the room, suspicious and brooding. He looked up when the teacher started the lesson, keeping his focus lasered in on taking notes. He was glad that it was a textbook kind of day and not a lab partner kind of day. It made things a bit less awkward.
Cas laughed, but trailed off as his attention was drawn to the cafeteria entrance. Dean walked in, looking uncomfortable even as he made his way to the table where Benny and the others were sitting. The stares from the other students hadn’t quite died down yet.
“Don’t worry, Cassie, sucker’s got nothing on you,” he said, clapping his shoulder. “You’re still Robin’s number one man.”
“That was…”
Dean shifted uncomfortably, debating whether or not he wanted to say what he was thinking. He decided it couldn’t hurt. “Were they ever… ya know…”
“Is he gonna be in trouble?” Anna asked, wiping the tears from her face as they walked outside. “They were taking my clothes off, I thought…” she trailed off, choking out a sob. Balthazar felt anger surge through him and he wrapped his arm around her tightly.
At the thought of his father, Castiel lost track of what was happening around him. He vaguely registered Dean and Robin talking softly to each other, but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t help but think of every lesson his dad had drilled into his mind… He was wrong. He was disgusting. He was a disgrace. And the way Dean’s hands felt against his skin only made matters worse. It was distracting.
She gave him a look. “Bal, you’re gay.”
“I… don’t know…”
Unfortunately, Cas was still terrible at poker. No matter how well he thought he could read Dean, he still didn’t know what the hell he was doing.
Cas hummed in response and Dean continued.
Cas laughed. “You’ll get it, Charlie. I promise.”
Balthazar held him close. He had always been protective of Cas, but he did not trust Dean, at all. He didn’t see this ending any other way except Cas hurting and heartbroken, and Dean gone without a thought.
Cas frowned at Dean, confused. “But… you… you don’t think I’m a monster? You’re not afraid of me?”
Cas looked at Balthazar, confused. “What was that?”
“You were supposed to save me, Dean,” Cas said again, and Dean choked out a sob. “You did this to me, Dean.”
And he most definitely, decidedly, did not want to.
“She gave me extra macaroni!” Ash defended. “I’m tellin’ you man, it was the hair. Chicks dig it.”
Hey eyed her warily but clicked the button. A very loud sound erupted from the teacher’s desk, something like a game show “INCORRECT” buzzer. Charlie covered her mouth to stifle her giggles and Cas couldn’t help but join her.
“Cas,” he choked out. “What…”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, covering his face and looking at Cas with a grin. “It’s an ambush.”
Cas felt tears well up in his eyes and he sniffled. “Daddy, what--”
Cas nodded. He knew all too well. He wouldn’t put his brother through that. Not when this whole thing was Cas’s fault to begin with.
Cas stared at him, baffled. Who was this Dean Winchester boy and where the hell did he come from? Cas decided he desperately wanted to find out.
Balthazar laughed and shook his head, running a hand through his hair. “No. No, you’re good. Call it a peace offering.”
Tears spilled onto his cheeks and he ran upstairs to his bedroom, closing the door and crawling onto his bed. He muffled his sobs in a pillow, half-aware of his older brother wrapping his arms around him.
Sonny led Dean upstairs, down the hall, and to the room at the end. There were six beds, 3 on each side of the room, with a rug in the middle. “The other boys are just finishing up their chores, but you can pick your bunk and settle in a bit.” Sonny paused and glanced at Dean, his heart clenching at the look on Dean’s face. He’d never had his own bed in his life by the looks of it. Clearing his throat, Sonny spoke again. “The first two on the right here are taken. Benny and Chuck. Ash has this first bunk on the left, and the far left corner is Castiel’s bunk. You can take your pick of the other two.”
“Huh?”
“Perfect!” Charlie said brightly, clapping her hands together and jumping a little as they walked. “So, there’s this new bowling alley. There’s a bar and they couldn’t spot a fake ID if it had their own name on it. Also, their mozzarella sticks are to die for.”
Ruth nodded sadly. “Poor boy. Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help you, Sonny. I know how hard you try for these boys.”
“It’s part of my charm,” Benny said with a cheeky grin.
As Cas followed Balthazar into the living room, they heard a knock on the door and turned around. “Are you expecting someone?” Cas asked, confused. Balthazar shook his head.
About 30 seconds later, Dean was on his back with a soft thud. Cas didn’t hold him there, though, giving him a chance to collect himself. Dean grunted and looked at Cas, grinning. “Alright. I can take a challenge.”
“I…” Dean frowned. He couldn’t ever admit just how much he’d thought of it. His dad would be so disappointed. But… he didn’t think Cas would be. Maybe Cas would understand. “All the time,” he said softly, for the first time in his life, and he closed his eyes to fight the damned tears that threatened to drown him. “I wish to god I could do something else.”
“Gordon is part of the reason I’m in here,” Cas finally choked out, softly and hesitant.
“One second!” came Robin’s muffled voice inside. Dean smiled and shifted nervously. Then he felt dumb for being nervous. They were just going as friends. They had agreed.
“Hanna lives on Elkanah Street, right?”
They reached the lake in about 20 minutes, and the boys hopped out of the truck almost before Sonny even came to a full stop.
Dean had hoped that Cas would say something like the last time. In chemistry class, when Dean had pulled away, Cas had pulled him back in, made him feel like he wasn’t crazy for thinking they could be friends. But this time… he gave up. Didn’t say a word. Yeah, Dean could take a hint. But he would have to be a goddamn mind-reader to figure out what the hell Cas wanted from him.
They continued paddling until they were pretty far out but still just in view of the others. After a few minutes, they gave it a rest and let the kayak rock with the gentle rhythm of the water. Cas turned around from the front seat to face Dean.
“That was… nice,” he said with a breath laugh. Dammit, Dean. Nice? “I mean, um…”
“I keep telling you guys I’m no idiot,” Ash shrugged. “Besides, it’s plain as day.”
Green eyes, freckles, light brown hair that almost looked blonde in the sunlight, all wrapped up in flannel and blue jeans. And unfairly handsome. That was what Dean looked like.
“‘Night, Cas.”
Cas broke the kiss to catch his breath, pressing his forehead to Dean’s.
Cas’s mind wandered without his permission, remembering over and over the few moments when Dean held him close and he didn’t even care what his dad said because Dean’s embrace just felt right. Cas was far too tired to keep the thoughts at bay, and he knew it was a bad idea but he let the thoughts come and fill his mind with Dean.
“It’s… complicated.” Dean sighed. “I keep thinking how I need to get back to him. But for some reason I just can’t leave.” His thoughts wandered back to Cas. Truthfully, he knew exactly what it was that was keeping him here.
He just wished they could go back to normal. Back to friends. Back to casual flirting and touching that made Dean feel warm and happy but didn’t have to change anything. A kiss… Well, as much as Dean wished it didn’t, a kiss changed everything.
She raised an eyebrow at him. “You’re thinking about Dean.” It wasn’t a question.
He walked over to where Benny was sitting with Ash and Chuck. “Hey, Dean!” Chuck greeted him enthusiastically.
“Dean, what do you think?” Ash asked, and Dean hadn’t been paying attention to what he was supposed to have an opinion about.
Laughing, Dean gathered the cards up and started shuffling them. “I’ve never said this to anyone, but I think you may be a lost cause,” he said, grinning when Cas glared at him. “And I don’t usually teach poker, I just kick ass at poker.”
God, Balthazar had missed that smile. He hadn’t seen it much since… Well, since before.
Still, he couldn’t break Cas’s heart over a hunch. All he could do was be there for Cas and hope that he was wrong about Dean.
“Our funky bunch isn’t complete without the quirky introverted nerd,” Charlie told him matter-of-factly as they searched through her movie collection. Cas rolled his eyes and her expression turned serious. “Besides. The school board is apparently trying to ban gay couples from going to the dance together. So we’re going to rebel by going as a gay trio and they can’t do a damn thing. There’s going to be so much gay at this dance that they won’t know what to do.”
“Sammy…” Dean collapsed to his knees and Sam disappeared. Dean cried out, desperate, “Sammy!”
Balthazar was watching him closely and bit his lip.
Dean couldn’t figure out what Cas was doing. “Man, I don’t know what you want from me,” he said, shaking his head. “If you want me gone, say go.”
Dean paused, instinctively reaching for the necklace Sam gave him. “Oh,” he said, clearing his throat. Another reminder that he couldn’t protect Sam, no matter how hard he tried. “Yeah… it was a gift.” He frowned slightly, shaking his head to clear the thoughts of Sam.
So, he let himself enjoy watching the cheerleaders. No harm in that, right?
Cas was relieved to have made it to his last class mostly without incident. He hadn’t seen Dean since lunch which made ignoring him a little easier. And he had his last class with Balthazar so that was a plus. They didn’t get to sit next to each other thanks to the seating chart, but it was still comforting to have him close.
Cas shook his head and left the kitchen, hurrying out the front door before he got carried away.
Cas shrugged. “Yeah… I know he is. But he wouldn’t have to try so hard if I wasn’t such a screw up.”
“What?” Alastair taunted, spitting out blood. “Come on, she liked it.”
“Yeah. I know.”
“Come on Bal, you know I don’t like her like that.”
“Cas,” he breathed out, breaking the kiss for a second but not breaking contact. His lips brushed against Cas’s as he spoke. “Cas, I…”
Dean smiled softly. “You’re not scarin’ me away that easy, Cas.”
“That was a werewolf,” Dean said, and Cas laughed incredulously. When Dean’s face remained serious, though, his laugh was cut short. Dean wasn’t kidding.
“Ahem,” Charlie said, hands on her hips. “Standing right here, Cas. My dear beloved friend who I love so much.”
“Hell yes,” Balthazar called from the kitchen. “Tomorrow is going to kick ass!”
“Who? I don’t…”
When he opened the door, he swore he could feel steam blowing out of his ears. “What the hell are you doing here, Winchester?” he spat out.
Dean eyed him carefully. He figured he was talking about Gordon. And Dean could see where Cas was coming from, but he wasn’t going to leave it at that. “Well I can take care of myself so you don’t have to worry about me,” he said, and Cas looked at him. Maybe Dean had a point...
While he had to admit some part of him enjoyed the adrenaline rush that came from killing a monster, he couldn’t shake the feeling of dread in his gut. First the carnival, now this. He should’ve known that he couldn’t run away from his past, from his life. He was a hunter. And hunters didn’t get normal lives. It just didn’t work like that. You fought and saved people and then you died young and bloody with 2 dollars to your name. That was just how it was.
“You son of a bitch!” Cas cried, lunging at Alastair and knocking him to the ground. He started punching him in the face, over and over and over again. “Don’t you touch my sister!”
Cas did the very first thing that came to his mind. He reached across the safety bar and grabbed Dean’s hand in his.
“That’s… that’s fucked up,” he said, shaking his head. He was only mildly surprised to hear Cas tell him that he was gay, but he was more focused on being pissed off about dads abandoning their kids. “So he kicked you out because you like dudes?”
Dean swallowed, frozen again for a moment. Why did he find it so hard to make words when Cas was around? He was usually all smooth and cool and collected. But Cas was different somehow.
“Thinking,” Robin finished with a gentle laugh. “It’s alright.” She hesitated for a moment, watching Dean carefully. “So, Dean…”
Dean felt a tiny, surprised noise catch in his throat and he looked at their hands. His heart was still racing, but it wasn’t because of the ferris wheel. He gulped and looked at Cas. When had they scooted so close together? Side by side, touching from their thighs to their shoulders all the way to their entwined fingers. Then, because he wanted to, Dean squeezed Cas’s hand tighter, still staring into the boy’s crystal blue eyes.
“Oh.” Cas plopped back down on the carpet and situated himself across from Balthazar, grabbing the bottle and setting it between the two of them. “Alright, so I just spin it right? And then I kiss… whoever it lands on?”
“You’re such a party pooper,” Charlie pouted. “But fine. As long as we can hang out. I miss you guys.”
Dean turned back to look at him again remembered why he’d been refusing to look at Cas for the last minute or so. In spite of his efforts, his focus was drawn to Cas’s bare chest, spattered with shining water droplets that made trails from his shoulders to his abdomen. Even as he attempted to meet Cas’s gaze again, his attention fixed on Cas’s lips. They looked soft and warm and Dean thought that if the other boys assumed they were making out maybe he’d give the people what they wanted…
“Get the hell away from me!”
“Dean,” Cas insisted, bringing Dean’s train of thought to an abrupt stop. “Come on, help me get this thing back to shore.”
“Well, I would say eat me,” Dean said with a shrug. “But, well, you know.”
Robin rolled her eyes and gave him a knowing, affectionate smile. “Obviously. See ya, feel better.” Cas nodded and Robin left.
Dean mumbled something about how he’d heard that one before but followed Cas anyway. He sat down awkwardly between Cas and Charlie, and Balthazar was on the other side of Cas.
“You’ll never take our ship, you dirty pirates!” Chuck cried.
Dean huffed out a soft laugh. “Well, that’s not exactly untrue. But more in the hunting kinda way.”
“Cas, are you alright?”
“I beat the guy up pretty bad,” Cas admitted quietly, staring at Dean to gauge his reaction. “He’s in a coma, I… The doctors don’t think he’s going to wake up.”
Cas sighed, looking away again, ashamed. “You’re right. I’m sorry. It’s just…”
“Why’s that? Is he in danger or something?” Cas looked at Dean with concern. If there was anything he understood, it was looking out for a little sibling.
Cas finished eating before the other boys who were too busy talking to actually eat (except for Ash who was under the implication he could do both simultaneously). He stood stiffly and took his plate to the sink, wiping it clean and setting it to the side. Cas had noticed the new kid Dean staring at him throughout lunch. It was nothing he wasn’t used to. The other boys stared at him the same way. Intrigued, but not necessarily in a good way. There was almost always a hint of fear.
Dean lost his first match. He was distracted by Cas sitting in the front row on the bleachers with the rest of the team. Cas still wasn’t looking at him.
Not bothering to think about how he suddenly had a machete instead of a gun, Dean cried out and lunged at the monster, beheading it with one hard swing. Then he fell to the ground beside Cas, landing hard on his knees.
“Look, I get it, you don’t like me,” Dean continued, and Balthazar scoffed. “But I care about Cas. I just need him to know that I lo--” He stopped abruptly, the words unwilling to crawl up his throat. “I just need to talk to him.”
“Get Anna out of here,” Cas said, not looking up. “Please.”
Cas returned the smile. “Uh, sure. I haven’t played in quite some time.”
“Never.”
Zachariah looked up when he heard that, and it was almost as if there were actual flames in his eyes. “Castiel, that is disgusting,” he said firmly. He grabbed the drawing, crumpled it, and threw it in the trash. “I will not have my son holding hands with boys and becoming some kind of homo.”
“SOH-CAH-TOA,” Balthazar said, carefully pronouncing each part. He grinned. “I remembered, Cassie. You’re such a good teacher.”
“Maybe if they weren’t two sizes too small for your big head,” Charlie laughed, snatching her glasses back. “I need these to tell the difference between Sine and Cosine.”
As Dean got closer to the school, he caught a glimpse of Gordon running inside. Running from someone. No, something.
The voice echoed, seeming to come from every direction at once, far away and out of reach.
“Hey, Balth?”
“I mean, sure, but usually you need more than two people to play,” Balthazar said, touching Cas’s shoulder and laughing nervously. “Besides, you’re way too drunk.”
“Oh my god, she only goes to those try-outs to see Cas!” Ash told him, patting him on the shoulder and giving him a sad look. “Sorry, man. She’s not interested.”
“Yeah,” Dean laughed, grinning. “To tell ya the truth, I’ve never actually been to one of these things.”
“ATTACK!” Benny yelled.
“Hey, Robin,” he said as she looked up at him curiously.
Dean shook his head. “Don’t sweat it. You don’t even know me. No need to be sorry.”
They both stood there for a few moments in silence, and Balthazar actually found himself feeling guilty. Before he could lose the courage, he said, “So Dean, uh… Charlie and Cas and I are going to this carnival thing this weekend. If you, um… You can come along if you want.”
“Go!”
“So, what’re you in for? Oh, and I’m Benny by the way. And that dick head is Ash, you can ignore him.”
“I know,” Charlie said, and her heart hurt at the reminder. “But there’s nothing you can do.”
“Love you, Cassie,” Charlie said, standing and giving him a hug. Balthazar did the same.
Cas gave him a worried look, but he could tell Balthazar didn’t want to talk about it. He didn’t push. Charlie did the same, reluctantly.
As she left, Dean sighed and sat down on the grass, leaning against the tree. Yes, he liked Robin, and he was actually excited to go to the dance with her, but that chaste kiss only proved one thing in his mind. And that was that nothing could possibly compare to the way he felt when he kissed Cas. Nothing could even come close.
It all felt wrong. He hated that he felt like running away every time Robin touched him. He liked her, he did. She just wasn’t Cas. But Cas wasn’t here.
“No.”
Not to mention Charlie made class about a thousand times more entertaining.
Gabriel rubbed his brother’s back and held him close. He didn’t know what to say. “It’s alright, Cassie… Don’t worry about that, it’s alright…”
“What?” Dean frowned. What had he done wrong this time? “I just figure if we’re gonna see each other at school… Well, it’s kinda hard to avoid me completely. We live in the same house for crying out loud.”
“Ohhh,” Cas said in realization. “That makes sense. Well here, let me show you.” He situated his double-sided oar across himself and began paddling farther from shore. “You just alternate strokes like this to move in a straight line. And keep it to one side to turn.”
Well, he wasn’t gonna be getting any sleep tonight.
They walked to the end of the block before Cas paused. “I’m heading this way,” he said, gesturing vaguely. “I’ll see you later, Dean.”
Sonny actually laughed and Dean frowned at him. The man shook his head and apologized. “Man, if you could see the way that boy looks at you when he thinks no one’s paying attention.”
“But you’re so nice to me,” Cas argued, grabbing his arm, and Dean watched his hand as his mouth fell open just a bit. “You’re so nice and you helped me and I was a jerk.”
“You boys been working hard?” she said with a smile just as warm as Sonny’s.
“I don’t know what you mean,” she replied, smiling back at the teacher.
Cas loved sleep, so he didn’t appreciate being woken up at almost midnight. He groaned into his pillow, faintly remembering the sound of a door closing and cursing his neighbors.
Smiling, Dean made his way to the cafeteria and looked around. He saw Benny and the other boys from Sonny’s waving him over, and he crossed the room with an honest-to-god smile.
“What do you mean?” Dean looked at him curiously. Yet another mystery.
Cas heard the fear in Anna’s voice, saw her jeans around her ankles and Alastair’s fingers tucked into her cotton underwear while Gordon held her wrists above her head, and he lost it.
They walked in silence until they got to the school, close but not quite touching. When they got to the school, Dean paused outside the gymnasium. Robin looked at him, curious.
Dean looked up at him again, not sure what to say. He shook his head and helped Cas stumble over to his bed. “Come on, you’re drunk. Let’s get you in some clean and… not puke-covered clothes. What do ya say?”
Cas turned, startled, and Charlie and Balthazar looked at him with surprise and rage respectively. “Dean?”
“Great!” Cas exclaimed, grinning, and there was that twisting and tugging in Dean’s gut again. Dean had really grown to love that smile. That bright, toothy, squinty-eyed grin that could only get more perfect when paired with that adorable laugh of his. Dean loved every bit of it. He especially loved being the cause of said smile and laugh. “Dean?”
“That’s… Well, honestly I don’t really know. I mean I thought we were friends or something but he keeps getting all weird around me and now he’s not talking to me.” Dean looked at Robin and he felt guilt wash over him, though he wasn’t totally sure why. Her expression looked sad and understanding, though Dean didn’t really know what she was understanding.
“Dude, yes!” Benny exclaimed, grabbing his shoulder and shaking him a few times. “Promise, Chief, you won’t regret it.”
His train of thought was utterly derailed when he saw Dean walking back into the gymnasium with Robin at his side. She was on student council so of course she would be here, but Cas still wasn’t prepared to watch her plant a chaste kiss on his cheek and squeeze his hand before nudging Dean to join the team.
“You think so? What does that mean?” Sonny asked, concerned.
Dean met his eyes again. Cas had no idea how perfectly Dean understood exactly what that felt like. “I’ve met some pretty freaky folks,” Dean said, the corner of his mouth pulling up in a half smile. “And you don’t really strike me as the type.”
Looking up from the floor, Cas eyed Dean curiously. He wasn’t fazed by Gordon’s harsh words or their implications. He was only worried about Cas. He really couldn’t figure Dean out.
“Alright, alright,” Cas said finally, taking deep breaths and trying to calm down. His face was flushed and he still couldn’t stop smiling. “I should probably get going before dinner time.”
He heard a knock on the door and bounded down the steps excitedly, only to be met with Gordon at the bottom. He frowned and stepped back. “Get out of the way, Gordon. Don’t you know when to quit?”
The four of them all busted out laughing then. As Dean’s side ached with laughter, he couldn’t help but think that he hadn’t laughed this hard since he was four years old.
Dean tried to convince him to go outside or play a card game or even go take a shower, but Cas refused to leave his side. So Dean held him as they sat or laid on Cas’s bed, rubbing his back and promising him it would be okay, that he was okay, that they were safe.
Charlie laughed and patted his arm. “Just teasing, Cassie.”
“That’s good,” Cas said, plopping down on the couch and urging Gabriel to sit next to him. “So how long can you stay?”
Cas shrugged his arm off.
No. Tonight was about having fun with his friends. He wasn’t going to think about that.
Taking a deep breath, Cas nodded and followed Dean’s lead once again. This was definitely a bad idea, he thought. But the grin on Dean’s face when Cas joined him in the kayak made it really, really hard for him to care about anything else.
He had a point, Dean thought.
Cas followed Sonny to the kitchen and took a seat between Chuck and Ash at the table. He saw Dean eyeing him in his peripheral but he didn’t look up.
Cas frowned, confused. “What?”
Cas pushed past them and went inside.
He climbed up a few branches and sat back against the trunk. His head hit the bark with a soft thunk and he sighed. He couldn’t figure out why Cas had run away. He knew it wasn’t about his kissing skills. He wasn’t exactly an expert but he was no rookie either. And he already knew Cas was gay, he’d told him that much. And he was either stupid or Cas liked him-- Dean was a lot of things, but he wasn’t stupid.
“I know you don’t like him,” Cas said, stubborn. “Don’t deny it. What I don’t understand is why.”
Exactly one week later, it was time for the first day of school. Dean’s enthusiasm for letting people in had dimmed somewhat, considering Cas had barely said a word to him since the night he got drunk. But he was still excited for this fresh start. Apple pie.
Dean let out a shaky sob and collapsed against Cas’s chest. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Cas…”
“Well, he’s not at Sonny’s for the same reasons we all ended up here,” Chuck told him. “Most of us, our parents are either dead or never in the picture in the first place. But Cas, he… he basically got disowned.”
Cas’s brow knit up in confusion. “I didn’t think you needed any help with wrestling, Dean.”
“Hey,” Dean said, smiling at Cas.
They both stopped, having spoken at the same time. They both laughed softly and Dean looked down at his feet. “Look, how ‘bout this. If you pin me in three minutes or less, you never have to talk to me again. If I pin you… Well, we get coffee or something.”
“So what are you thinking about?” Robin asked after a while.
A girl Cas recognized piped up, “I did! She was over there. She grabbed a drink and then I think she had to go to the bathroom.”
He felt tears spill out of his eyes and he wiped them away roughly, squeezing his eyes shut tight. “Don’t cry, Winchester. Crying means you’re weak and you’re not weak,” he scolded himself just before the door flew open. He looked up as a lanky brown-haired boy ran into the room. The boy stopped in his tracks and looked at Dean.
Cas sighed. “You’re supposed to be the one with all the answers,” he joked weakly. “You always know how to make me feel better.”
“Alright,” Cas began. “I’ll show you some of my favorite moves. Lie down on your stomach and you’ll put me in a headlock. And I’ll show you how I get out of it and immediately turn it around into a pin.”
Cas squinted at him, smiling curiously. “How did you get so good at poker?”
“Now now, ladies, no need to fight” Chuck said, holding back laughter. “You’re both idiots.”
Cas stumbled back, instinct telling him to listen to Dean but he didn’t want to leave him alone. “Dean…”
Dean sighed. “He barely looks at me. How the hell am I supposed to talk to him?”
Dean smiled at the thought. He was going to be the best damn wrestler this school had ever seen. That would show his dad.
“I… I might, maybe, think about staying. Just for a little while. No big deal or anything. Just until my dad comes back.” Dean averted his eyes to hide the vulnerability he knew was there. Still, he could feel Sonny’s warm smile and he couldn’t help but smile a bit himself.
Despite Castiel’s protests that he didn’t need help (which were discredited when he almost fell over before grabbing onto Dean’s shoulders), Dean wrapped an arm around the boy’s waist and helped him inside. After Dean got Cas inside in one piece, he went to the kitchen and grabbed a few bags of frozen peas. He figured Sonny wouldn’t mind. Then he helped Cas upstairs to the bathroom and found a first aid kit as Cas held the bags to his head and side.
“So…” Cas laughed breathlessly, sitting cross-legged with his hands clasped in his lap. “How do we do this?”
When they got back to Sonny’s, still wearing their gym clothes, Cas led Dean around to the back yard. He set his bag down and found a smooth patch of grass. Dean followed suit.
“Yeah, that would,” Benny laughed.
“Help me!”
“I… I don’t know,” he whispered, his shoulders sagging as a defeated expression crossed his face. He didn’t know why he still couldn’t say the words. “He’s… Cas, he’s different,” he tried again, and it still wasn’t coming out how he wanted it to. “He kissed me, and… God, I never thought…”
Cas just shrugged. “Gordon’s an ass, and I was stupid. That’s really all there is to it.”
Balthazar’s head snapped up at Cas’s words, and his heart ached. Cas met Dean barey 3 weeks ago. Balthazar had known Cas since they were in preschool, and Dean got to waltz in acting like he knew everything? Bullshit. Balthazar knew Cas better than anyone else. No one could take that from them.
Balthazar pursed his lips. Honestly? “I guess… probably not since before his mom got sick.” It broke his heart to say it out loud.
Dean nodded, clearing his throat. His hand fumbled awkwardly for a moment before settling on the back of his neck. “Yeah. See ya later, Cas.”
“Cas, you okay?” Dean asked, his forehead wrinkling up with worry.
Cas blushed. “No one. His name is Dean, he’s the new kid at Sonny’s. He’s… nice.”
“Balthazar,” Charlie cut in, grabbing his arm. “That’s enough. Let’s just go.”
Dean stopped when they reached the house of mirrors, examining himself in one particular mirror that made his head look tiny and his hips look 10 times their actual size.
Cas stopped short when Dean’s hand was ripped from his and the boy was being tackled to the floor by someone Cas didn’t recognize. “Dean!” Cas cried, standing frozen in fear.
Despite Dean’s plan to get Cas to talk to him, he knew it had to keep his distance until try-outs. He didn’t want to push too hard or he was afraid he might ruin everything.
Dean sighed. So much for not focusing on it.
Balthazar shrugged. “Just some sorry sap selling the ‘next big thing,’” he said, making air quotes. “Nothing to worry about.”
Balthazar searched his eyes, trying to find any indication of whether he was telling the truth or not. “Why should I believe you?”
Grabbing the band-aids from the first aid kit, Dean finished patching Cas up, but he didn’t move away just yet.
As he stepped out onto the porch, he bumped into a girl with dark hair and a guitar case slung over her shoulder. Castiel apologized and looked up at the familiar face, smiling a bit.
“Hey guys!” Robin joined them a moment later, and Dean was grateful to her for breaking the silence. “Coach Bell posted the list for the wrestling team,” she said excitedly, looking at Cas and Dean. “You guys made it!”
“Oh,” he said after a moment. “You must be the new kid.” He went to his bed, on the right corner closest to the door, and grabbed an inhaler. “I’m Chuck,” the boy said after taking a deep draw of his inhaler. “We’re about to have lunch. Nice to meet you.”
“Cas, I…”
And that was that as Balthazar shrugged her hand away and half-jogged to catch up to Dean and Cas.
Cas scoffed and looked at him, incredulous. “Says the one who was on the mat after thirty seconds at try-outs.”
Charlie looked at him grimly. “I’m completely serious.”
Benny huffed and glared at Ash. “I’m no idiot.”
“You love him,” Robin finished for him. He grunted and averted his gaze, rubbing the back of his neck.
He refused to acknowledge the nagging feeling that begged the question, why was he so interested? Why did he care so much if Cas liked him? These weren’t questions he knew how to answer. Not yet, at least. All he knew was that he wanted to get close to Cas. The rest he would figure out later.
“I… I stole some food for me and my brother,” he said, clearing his throat when his voice came out barely more than a whisper.
He looked down at the source of the voice. Robin. He was surprised but not unhappy to see her. He smiled.
Dean almost choked. “W-What?”
Dean laughed softly, shrugging. “Well, I know how to fight and I can hold my own. But the technical stuff still gets me. Coach said I need to work on it.”
God, he wished he could take his own advice.
He didn’t know why Cas had agreed to stay with him all night, holding him and comforting him. Dean had pulled a knife on him. He’d almost hurt him. Why was Cas still being so kind to him?
At least he could still see Balthazar at school…
Cas looked up at him, and he had tears on his face. “My dad,” he said in a small, child-like voice. “He… This is the reason he stopped loving me. Because I’m like this.”
“Pick a game and I’ll see who it is,” he said, heading back down the hall. When he opened the door his jaw dropped in shock. “I… You… Long time no see,” he finally said, stepping aside and welcoming the guest in.
Dean was tired. He had been trying so hard to deny his feelings for Cas, but something about the way Robin was looking at him, so understanding and kind… He just couldn’t do it anymore.
Dean nodded but didn’t say anything, wrapping his arms tightly around Cas again.
“What? And that’s gonna be you? Look, you’re right. Gordon needs to learn a lesson. But Castiel knocked him around pretty hard and he still didn’t learn it. You’d think with what Castiel did…” she stopped herself again, shaking her head. “Well, you’d think he’d learn to leave well enough alone.”
Dean smiled, a little sad. “Yeah, like this,” he said, holding his hand up and twisting two fingers together. “He’s just about all I’ve got for family.”
Castiel’s stomach churned. He believed in his heart that what he felt was real and that it wasn’t wrong, but he couldn’t help but think of his father’s words every time he noticed Dean’s eyes and the way he smiled… and the way he had so gently put those birds back in the tree…
Castiel gritted his teeth, trying to cool his temper. He wanted to hop down there and shove Gordon’s face into the tree. It wouldn’t be hard. He wasn’t big, but he was stronger than Gordon for sure. But after what happened last time… Well, the thought was enough to cool Cas down pretty quick. He would just ride it out and Gordon would get bored eventually.
“Cas, please, just--” Dean stared at him, pleading. “I gotta say this, okay? Before you walk away or whatever. I know I screwed up and I scared the hell outta’ you at the carnival and I understand why you hate me but--”
“Not so fast.”
And all of that was fine, until he saw out of the corner of his eye that Cas was still standing there, frozen in place. “Cas, dammit, run!” Dean cried desperately. His heart dropped when the monster paused to look back at where Cas was standing. The werewolf jumped off of Dean and growled before lunging at Cas. Dean rushed after it, heart pounding with fear and adrenaline.
“Study group and a movie night, I think,” Balthazar said. “What do ya say, Cassie?”
“Dean,” Cas said, groaning softly as he fell into the window and onto the floor. Chuck looked at them oddly but didn’t say anything.
“Princess Bride?” Balthazar got up and made his way to the movie cabinet.
“I… I wasn’t…” No, he couldn’t lie to Cas. Not anymore. Not about this. Sighing, he grabbed Cas’s arm and pulled him in so they were inches apart. Cas gasped softly, staring up at him. “Cas… After you kissed me, I didn’t know what to think. I thought it was just… getting caught in the moment or some crap. But I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I wanted to kiss you again, I wanted to hold you, I wanted to tell you…” he trailed off. He knew once he said the words there would be no going back. “I was so goddamn terrified, Cas, because I wanted to tell you that I… I…”
Back at Sonny’s house, Cas put on one of his good shirts, slipped on some jeans, and combed his hair so it wasn’t sticking out quite so much. Balthazar said it looked better when it was a little messy, but Cas thought he looked homeless. Although, he supposed he technically was…
So it was for the best. Dean knew that. But knowing didn’t make it any easier when he got to chemistry class and saw Cas and Balthazar walk in shortly after, holding hands once again.
Want some company at lunch? One can only take so much of those three bozos you’ve been sitting with.
“Yeah I think so,” Dean said, a little breathless.
After chemistry lab was over, which was as awkward as ever with Cas sitting next to him, Dean made his way to the gymnasium where he knew Robin would be getting ready for the dance. It was three days away now so Dean was cutting it pretty close.
Cas’s hand fell to Dean’s side and their hands met in the middle to create a jumble of entwined fingers and slightly sweaty palms. Brilliant, giddy smiles graced both of their faces and Dean closed his eyes, laughing breathlessly.
“And I don’t know,” Cas said, voice rising frantically. “One minute I was just showing him some wrestling moves for the meet tomorrow, and then…” Cas let out a frustrated sigh. “He was just so close. He was looking at me like he… I don’t know. I just… I kissed him. And he kissed me back, I think.”
“I… I have to go, Cas. I’m so sorry.” He pulled away, dropping Cas’s hand, and turned around so he didn’t have to see the hurt on Cas’s face.
“Cas?”
“Do you mind if I ask why?” Dean hedged. “I mean… you don’t exactly seem like a troublemaker.”
Realizing he was staring, Dean blinked his eyes a few times and looked down at the cards, laughing softly. “So while you were doing your study group thing, Sonny suggested a day at the lake this weekend. It’s probably the last bit of nice weather for the year.”
“See ya around.” Dean winked at her, grinning as he left. She blushed a deep red.
Dean chuckled, shaking his head. “Yeah, it is. Advice we both ‘oughta take.”
A few minutes later the bell rang to dismiss them and Charlie grabbed Cas by the arm as they walked to lunch together. He kept glancing over his shoulder, and Charlie nudged him. “What are ya lookin’ for?”
Dean resisted the urge to laugh. “Since I was little,” he shrugged. “But it’s mostly my dad’s thing, to tell ya the truth.”
He held his gun and flashlight out in front of him, ignoring the fact that he hadn’t had them a minute ago, and started kicking open doors.
It wasn’t entirely untruthful. It just wasn’t the full story. Cas wasn’t ready for Dean to know the full story. He didn’t know if he ever would be.
Dean grinned. “Sounds like fun.”
“There you guys are!”
The man hummed, thoughtful, then his eyes darkened angrily. “Then I guess I’ll settle for skinning his little mini-me.”
Cas felt himself relaxing in Dean’s hold, his breathing slowly evening out. Dean smiled softly and rubbed his back. He stayed there until he was sure Cas was sound asleep, then he gently laid the boy back down on his pillow. “Goodnight, Cas,” he whispered, covering him with the blanket before crawling back into his own bed.
“Bal,” Charlie said hesitantly, touching his arm as they walked a ways behind Dean and Cas. “Try to have fun, okay? And try to be happy for Cas. You and I both know he hasn’t been this happy in a really long time.”
“Uh, yes, I believe so,” Cas said.
“I don’t,” Cas said gruffly.
Dean frowned. He only ever saw Gordon by himself. “What happened?”
Too soon, Dean was breaking away to breathe, though he didn’t go far. His forehead was still pressed against Cas’s and his hands roamed a bit, to his jaw, to the small of his back, gentle and unsure. When Cas opened his eyes, Dean was staring at him, doubt and insecurity written all over his face. Cas simply couldn’t have that. He tilted his chin up and kissed Dean lightly, more brief this time, but it was enough to smooth the hard lines of Dean’s features into a relieved smile.
“Hello? Earth to Dean?” Ash said, waving a hand in front of Dean’s face and grabbing a sandwich before Ruth could even set the tray on the table. “Trust me, he’s not that interesting,” he said, and Dean’s eyes snapped away from Cas quickly. “He seems all mysterious and deep but you get past that pretty quick.”
“Dean, I’m hungry.”
“Bullshit,” Ash scoffed. “You two have been making googly eyes at each other in chemistry this whole week.”
“Only teasing, dearest,” Balthazar shot back. “We love you in all your geeky glory.”
“Yeah, but I need practice!” Cas insisted. “Meg asked me out, remember? And I said yes! What if she wants to kiss me and I don’t know how?”
Once all the boys had finished their chores, Sonny loaded them up into his truck. Dean noticed that Gordon and Cas weren’t with them. He couldn’t help but wonder why that was. Sonny drove them to the church and it all seemed pretty normal to Dean, so why wasn’t Cas there? Dean guessed he had some sort of thing against religion. He could understand that.
Dean startled, looking up at Sonny with wide eyes. He tried to remember the last time he’d heard those words directed at him. Nothing came to mind.
“I guess I should--”
He glanced up when he heard the door open, and he stopped twirling when he saw Cas standing there. He sat up. “Hey.”
Balthazar glanced over at it with a smirk. “I mean, I suppose it’s pointed at me. Wouldn’t you say so?”
Robin laughed nervously, tucking her hair behind her ears. “I mean… Yeah. I guess so. Probably not your style, though, right?”
Maybe Dean just needed to make an effort to be more open, and Cas would reciprocate. A day at the lake, carefree and low pressure, sounded like the perfect time to give the whole open honesty thing a try.
“But he said… your dad…” Tears started down Cas’s cheeks and Dean’s heart clenched.
“Hadn’t thought about it,” he shrugged, then glanced at Robin. “Are you going?”
Castiel groaned and began to sit up, and Sonny helped him. “The nest slipped,” he said, smiling weakly. “I caught it.”
“So you told me about your brother,” Cas said tentatively, smoothing out the nonexistent wrinkles in his jeans as Dean laid down on his side, propped up on his arm and facing Cas. “I take it you two are close?”
Cas was excited for school to start, too. He hadn’t seen his friends hardly at all in almost four months, and school meant he would see them every day. That was enough to send him to school with a beaming smile on his face.
“See ya later, Robin,” Dean said, hopping down from the tree after her.
Robin thought she had to be the unluckiest girl on earth. The only two guys she had ever wanted to have some sort of romantic relationship with, and they had the hots for each other. She could see it in Dean’s eyes when he talked about Cas. He was heartbroken that Cas was shutting him out, and he clearly had some kind of feelings for him. And she knew Cas liked Dean too, even if he had his reasons for keeping his distance.
Cas woke up with sweat on the back of his neck and tears on his face. He gasped softly and sat up a bit, sniffling as he looked around the room. He was at Sonny’s, not at his house. His dad wasn’t here. He was safe.
Cas didn’t look at him at all for the rest of class, just scribbling in his notebook. Dean couldn’t help but wonder what he was doing. He certainly wasn’t taking notes. He seemed distracted.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Dean asked once more, and Cas laughed softly. It actually felt really good to have Dean worrying about him.
“I still won that match, for the record,” Cas said with a grin.
Only then did the two boys realize just how close together they were. Their hands were a centimeter from touching and their faces were only inches apart. Cas couldn’t breathe as Dean inched even closer…
“Balthazar, Gordon said we had to call the cops,” she told him frantically. “You gotta help us get rid of the alcohol. If my parents know there was drinking I’ll be in so much trouble.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “Fine. But I have to do my chores first. Then the other boys are going to help out at the church so we can meet up.” Sonny never made Cas help them at the church, considering his… situation. It hadn’t ended well the first time, and Sonny never pushed it after that.
Dean grumbled incoherently and shoved him again. Benny laughed and shook his head.
But he didn’t know how to say any of this to Cas. He thought it would only hurt him more, or push him away. Cas clearly liked Dean, and Balthazar couldn’t really fault him for that. You don’t choose who you fall in love with, it just kinda… happens. Balthazar knew that better than anyone.
“No you’re not,” Dean said in a soft tone, and Cas’s heart ached. He watched as Dean stood up and crossed the distance between their beds. He took a seat on the edge of Cas’s mattress and Cas could just barely see his face with the moonlight shining in through the window. “C’mere,” Dean said, holding his hand out. Cas looked at it hesitantly. “My brother used to have nightmares. I held him until he could fall asleep again. Can I...?”
“That was so sweet how you saved those birds,” she said, blushing. “Don’t let Gordon get to you.”
“I think I’d rather you walk me home,” Cas told him. “If that’s okay.”
Fine, Dean figured. He’d told Cas to tell him to go if he wanted him gone, and in not quite so many words, he’d done just that. Well at least now Dean knew where he stood. There was no point in sugar coating it. He still didn’t understand it, but he didn’t need to keep holding out hope.
Dean chuckled, and Cas felt his breath catch at the sound. “You know, I can see why most people get the dark, mysterious vibe from you. You’re so… vague. I mean, it can’t be that bad. I’d bet you a hundred bucks I’ve done worse.”
He never could’ve guessed that they both wanted the same thing.
Despite Balthazar’s assurances, Cas figured there would be alcohol at this party. Hannah was a nice girl, but a house party with no parents meant alcohol and alcohol plus minors meant illegal. Cas couldn’t imagine how his father would react if Anna got arrested. Not to mention that she was fourteen and high school boys were disgusting.
“Ha ha, boys,” Dean said, rolling his eyes and shaking his head to hide his embarrassment. “Hilarious.”
Balthazar wrinkled his nose. He couldn’t help it. He was about to say something he’d probably regret when Charlie came back from the bathroom.
“Huh?” Dean said intelligently, gaping at her for a moment. “What’d I do?”
Dean barged into the room to find Cas on the floor and a vampire standing above him with blood dripping from its mouth.
“I might,” Dean whispered, his voice low and thick with emotion. “I… I might have some idea.”
Cas hugged his stuffed bee to his chest, which was honestly the only thing keeping them from standing only inches away from each other. Dean inched closer until his chest touched the bee, keeping them just under a foot apart. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from Cas’s face. His wide blue eyes, the slight wrinkle between his eyebrows, the barely-there part of his pink lips, the subtle hint of stubble shading his jaw. Dean wanted to reach up and touch that perfect face--
“It isn’t like that,” Cas shook his head.
Dean’s eyes widened. He hadn’t been to school in over a year. Between looking out for Sammy and helping dad with hunts, he didn’t see much point. And yet, when Sonny mentioned the idea, he couldn’t think of anything that would make him happier. Apple pie life.
“I’m thinking of writing one of my characters with a mullet,” Chuck chimed in. “As sort of a tribute. To the hair.”
“Wrestling, huh,” he murmured to himself as he considered the flier. He smiled. School sports try-outs. Now that was normal.
But Balthazar and Charlie, they didn’t care. They loved him and they wanted him to be himself. They wanted him to be happy. And he loved them for that.
Dean jumped, turning around and relaxing when he saw Robin standing there, a couple of notebooks held to her chest.
He never used to get those stares. But that was before.
“Gordon,” Sonny stopped him, and Cas glared at the boy.
Realizing he’d gone silent, Dean cleared his throat and smiled awkwardly at Cas. “Thanks. Yeah, that’s great.”
He made it about an hour before he’d had enough. He decided to head out to the football field and try and get a good seat. He didn’t know when Benny was planning on showing up but he didn’t really care much about that. He was mostly going because it was easier than going home and being ignored by Cas all night. He could only take so much of that.
Benny, Dean, and Chuck burst out laughing and Ash stared at them deadly. “Ya’ll are a bunch of assholes, anyone ever tell ya that?” He flipped his hair behind his shoulder. “You know you’re jealous. All business in the front… Party in the back.” To accentuate his point, he flipped his head to one side and then the other, showing off his luscious locks. The other boys erupted in howling laughter again.
“Well alright. Where’s the best place to get coffee and pie around here?”
Balthazar shook his head, clearing his throat. “No, uh… I don’t think so. Just… allergies.”
Dean frowned curiously and opened the drawer. His jaw dropped slightly at what he saw. Fresh clothes. Jeans, t-shirts, a couple button-ups, even a couple sweaters. “This… This is mine? Seriously?”
“We haven’t had any fresh faces around here in quite some time,” said the boy next to Dean. He looked to be the same age as Mullet Man over there.
Cas hushed him and crawled up into Dean’s bed, holding the boy to his chest. He rubbed his back gently and whispered calming nothings in his ear. Cas started singing softly and Dean choked out a sob as he recalled something he’d long-since forgotten.
Dean’s face twisted up in confusion but he followed her, out of the cafeteria, down the hall, and outside. She led him to an old metal bench, tucked away underneath the bleachers at the football stadium. “What’s this?”
“I promise, I’m fine,” he said. As they continued towards the lunch room, Cas felt Dean place a steadying, worried hand on his back between his shoulder blades. It was nice.
“No,” Robin said, almost too quickly, and Dean raised an eyebrow at her. She laughed sheepishly. “I mean… They’ve never dated. But there’s always been… Well, at least on Balthazar’s side.” She paused, biting her lip. “Cas never felt the same, though.”
“Bal, this is serious!” Cas whispered frantically. “If my dad finds out he’ll be so pissed. And I don’t even know where she’s going!”
“Uh… yeah Benny’s right, you’re definitely an idiot.”
“Just an old habit,” Dean shrugged. “Helps me think.”
“You know I do, babe,” Charlie said, winking at him.
“Cassie?” Balthazar answered, groggy. “Cas, this better be a booty call ‘cuz it is way too late--”
Dean even surprised himself with his honesty. He knew he cared for Cas, but this was a level of devotion he’d only ever felt for a few people in his life. And never for anyone that wasn’t blood.
“Mm, feet meet,” Chuck chimed in, reaching for Ash’s tray. “Gimme!”
Cas sighed. She was right, of course she was. But if it wasn’t about his dad, Cas didn’t really know what it was about. Dean was just… different.
Cas shrugged. “All is fair in love and war.”
“Sir--”
“Sure, sounds fun,” Dean said.
Cas cleared his throat. “Right. Well, um…” Cas knelt behind Dean, grabbing his arm and pulling it behind his back. From there he flipped Dean around and had him land flat on his stomach, arm still pinned behind his back. Dean could feel his heart pounding in his throat at feeling Cas so close.
On Sunday, Sonny took the boys to help Ruth at the church, and Cas went over to Balthazar’s house. He was truly grateful to Sonny for not making him go to the church where his dad’s service was held.
“No,” Anna whimpered. “Please, I don’t want to…”
Cas smiled, face flushed. “Don’t tell Sonny. Help me up?”
When lunchtime came around, Dean met up with Robin outside the cafeteria.
Dean grimaced. “Oh, it’s going just great,” he told them. “I love having the whole school stare at me everywhere I go. Like I’m some freak or something.”
He plopped down on his bed and laid down on his back, staring up at the wooden ceiling. They were so quiet, he could hear Cas breathing from where he was lying on his own bed.
The voice was becoming more familiar as Dean got closer. It was still foggy and Dean couldn’t quite place it.
It’s not a big deal, he told himself. They were friends, they wore about the same size of shorts, and Dean needed something to wear to the lake. It was innocent enough. Why wouldn’t it be?
Cas pushed through the crowd again and rushed up the stairs. The bathroom was the first room to the left, and it was empty.
Suddenly the reality of going back to school hit him. He’d be so behind. He didn’t even know what he had missed. He’d missed almost all of his first year of high school. How could he even begin to explain that to Sonny?
It didn’t feel forced with Cas. But that was something to focus on another day.
“You’re not,” she whispered, catching her bottom lip between her teeth and squeezing his hand. She smiled at him and Dean glanced down at her lips. God it was hard to resist. “Well?”
“Excuses, excuses,” Cas shook his head.
Dean considered it. He glanced at the look on Benny’s face, rolling his eyes when the boy waggled his eyebrows at him. “Fine, I guess it could be fun.”
Dean didn’t go inside right away, instead finding himself wandering towards the tree that Cas had fallen out of when they’d first met. He stood at the base of the trunk for a while, staring up at the mess of branches. Part of him wanted to run after Cas, talk about what had just happened, maybe even continue what had just happened. But he was afraid he’d only push Cas away. He figured it was best to give him space. Things would be awkward at school, they’d talk after the wrestling meet, and then all would be right in the world.
His attention was drawn to what Dean was carving and he eyed the boy suspiciously.
“Fine. I’ll be gone by tomorrow anyways when my dad comes back.”
“I should’ve known,” Cas said and his breath hitched with a half sob. “You and Charlie… You’re the only ones I can count on.”
“Oh, I love sunflowers,” Chuck chimed in. “One of the most underrated flowers if you ask me.”
He was grateful when he heard the other boys bounding down the hall and into the room. At least when they weren’t alone, he didn’t have to feel so bad for ignoring Dean.
Robin rolled her eyes and gestured for him to open it. He did.
“Looks like we’re lab partners,” Dean pointed out the obvious, setting his bag on the floor and looking over at Cas.
Dean huffed out a laugh as he sat down next to Chuck, deciding to play along. “Oh yeah, I mean I’ve always wanted my hair to look like that. I just…” Dean pursed his lips and shook his head, fighting laughter. “I couldn’t pull it off like you do.”
“I think Dean almost kissed me yesterday,” Cas said quietly. “And I wanted him to.”
Cas kept his gaze on the floor as he followed Balthazar into the kitchen. “Dean,” he said softly. His cheeks ached as his grin spread wider across his face.
“Cas, click this button,” Charlie whispered to him, nudging his shoulder and grinning mischievously.
“Howdy, boys,” Dean said, sitting down with a chuckle. As odd of a group as they were, Dean liked them. They didn’t treat him like he had a third eye or anything.
Cas really hated that she was right all the time.
“Oh,” Cas said, looking at his alarm clock and frowning. “I guess it’s getting pretty late.”
“Bullshit,” Balthazar laughed, flipping her off.
“Sure thing,” Dean said, smiling at him as he stood up. As he turned and headed towards where Benny was sitting, Cas didn’t realize he was staring.
Cas still didn’t look at him, he couldn’t. He shook out his hand again and headed towards the house, and Dean stared after him, trying to figure out what just happened. Why had Gordon tried to kill him? He must have thought he was Cas, but then why would he try to kill Cas? Wasn’t knocking him out of a tree enough? What the hell had happened between those two? Why was Cas here in the first place?
“I wasn’t going to,” Cas admitted. “But since try-outs… We’ve just been talking and… I don’t know, it’s just been so easy. It’s like we’ve known each other forever or something.”
Both of the boys jumped as Robin popped into the room, her blue eyes wide with concern.
He stayed there, eyes closed tight, for a few more seconds before slowly pulling away. Hesitantly opening his eyes, he saw Cas frozen in time for a moment with his eyes closed and lips parted. Then his eyes blinked open slowly and he smiled at Balthazar.
Cas felt his stomach flip and he grinned. “I’m going to go upstairs,” he said, pausing and tilting his head at Dean. “You’re welcome to join me,” he added, and he could’ve sworn Dean’s shoulders sank a little, relieved.
“Yeah, well, I’m not the only one,” Balthazar said, throwing a smirk his way.
“Here, let me just…” He trailed off, taking the (thornless) rose from Robin’s hand. He broke off part of the step and tucked the flower in her hair. She laughed and grabbed his hand.
Dean startled and glanced over at the cashier. He froze for a second then shook his head with a smile. “Uh, no thank you. I was just leaving.”
Dean stared at him tentatively, waiting for the other shoe to drop but it didn’t. He offered a half smile. “I don’t think Mr. Tightass would switch things up anyways,” he told Cas, laughing and trying to lighten the air a bit. He nodded subtly to the teacher and slid his finger across his throat, making a face, and Cas laughed.
Cas nodded and his lip trembled as he held back a sob. Balthazar pulled him to his chest and held him tight. “He… he’s going to the dance with Robin,” he choked out through stifled sobs. “I guess you were right all along, he’s just been playing me.” He let out a harsh sob and Balthazar held him tighter, his jaw working angrily.
Balthazar made a face of disgust and shook his head. “God knows where that man goes. Goddamn mystery he ever got custody.”
“Exactly,” Cas agreed.
He decided he would find her after school. They needed to talk, as much as he was dreading it. He didn’t even know what he was going to say.
Cas took a deep, shaky breath and his shoulders slumped a bit. “I… I kissed Dean,” he whispered, closing his eyes tightly.
“Should I give you guys a minute?” Cas teased, and his friends snorted out a laugh in unison as the three of them sat down in the living room.
After taking a moment to assess the situation and get a better look at what had hit him, he could clearly see it was a werewolf. “Son of a bitch,” he muttered. “Cas, get out of here!”
Cas flushed. “He wasn’t--”
Balthazar laughed. “I speak the truth.”
“Well, when your father’s a pastor, having a thing for a guy doesn’t really go over too well,” Cas said quietly, offering Dean a small smile like that was all there was to it. Dean gaped at him.
Cas looked down, ashamed. “Yes, father.”
Dean shrugged. “Other stuff just kinda took priority. Family stuff.” He glanced at Cas, saw him about to withdraw and not push any further, and before he could stop himself he continued, “My dad, he… Well, he always wanted me to go into the family business. It’s all I’ve ever known. There wasn’t really time for anything else.”
Smiling, Dean answered, “Yeah, Cas?”
Dean looked back at Benny. “Well, I can see we’re all fantastic at first impressions.” He paused, trying to think of how to answer Benny’s question. “And well, I punched a cop. So that’ll do it.”
“Of course not,” Cas said. “I’m not afraid of you, Dean.”
“I…” Balthazar stared at him, but he was at a loss. “I don’t know, either.”
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t quench the hope building up in his chest. Though some part of him knew Cas was never going to see him in the way he wanted, it was moments like this when he wondered if Cas could really be so completely oblivious. Did Cas really have no idea the effect he had on him? Did he really not see the way Balthazar looked at him when he couldn’t help himself? Was Balthazar crazy for thinking that maybe Cas could love him back?
Dean scoffed. “Think again, you ugly son of a bitch,” he sneered. “The old man left me here. No way is he walking into a trap just to come for me.”
The boys picked at their food for a few minutes, then Chuck spoke up. “Hey Dean, what’s up with you and Cas?”
Balthazar nodded and sighed. “You’re right. It was my stupid idea to invite Dean anyhow. I’ve just gotta get over it.”
Cas grinned. “You know me so well.”
Balthazar really didn’t know how to answer that. Of course Cas needed practice, he was fourteen. He’d never been on a date before, let alone kissed anyone. And if he was being honest, the thought of Cas kissing Meg made Balthazar kinda queasy. He really didn’t want to think about why that was.
“I know,” Gabe said, smiling sadly. “Me too. But you know dad’ll have my head if he finds out I was here.”
Castiel didn’t even look up at the sound of his name. Dean glanced at him curiously. This place was wack job central.
“I’m not--” Dean frowned, shaking his head. “No one’s making googly eyes. We’re just… friends. I guess. I don’t really know what we are, to tell ya the truth. Some days he’ll talk to me and everything’s a-okay and then he just goes dead silent on me. I don’t get it.”
Sonny nodded, chuckling softly. “Fair point. Well get some food in ya.”
“Come on, let’s get some punch,” Charlie said, grabbing Balthazar’s hand and dragging him away.
Dean’s gaze shifted around and he looked just past Cas’s eyes. “My dad is, uh… It’s complicated. He does the best he can but… He’s not around much. I can’t really explain it.”
Balthazar nodded, swallowing thickly. “We can’t choose who we fall in love with.”
He wondered if this was how normal teenagers felt. He didn’t think this was normal. Benny was always staring at cheerleaders, and Dean wondered if that’s what he was supposed to be doing too. He just wanted to be a normal teenage boy, dammit.
Cas frowned when Dean didn’t continue. “Yes?”
“Uh, sure,” Cas agreed, trying not to stare and failing. He followed Dean’s lead, shedding his shirt and then grabbing one end of the kayak. They got the thing in the water and Dean climbed in enthusiastically. As Dean picked up the oars, he looked at Cas who was still standing on the sand.
“Cas, are you alright?” Charlie was looking at him worriedly and Cas closed his eyes, trying to stop his hands from shaking. Meg still hated him. He already knew that, sure, but every time he was reminded of it the guilt hit him all over again. Sometimes he forgot that Anna wasn’t the only one to lose a brother that night…
Dean sat up and rubbed his eyes, trying to get a good look at Cas in the darkness. “Are you crying?”
“Dean? Is that you?”
“Bal, you know I have no interest in sweaty jocks giving each other concussions over a big leather peanut.” Cas looked at Balthazar, unamused, as they walked to chemistry class together, holding hands. Cas was grateful for the touch from his best friend. It was calming, comforting. It kept him grounded and reminded him of what mattered.
“Every man for themselves!” Charlie announced, practically sprinting towards an empty car in the middle of the floor.
“Dean, what the hell was that?” Cas demanded frantically, his hands and voice shaking violently. “You killed that guy, and… and he… he said… Dean, what the hell?”
“You’re drawing Dean,” she said softly, and Cas quickly closed the notebook. “Cassie, honey, why won’t you just talk to him?”
Dean cursed the heat rising on his cheeks. Why was he like this?
Immediately, Cas hung up the phone and grabbed his jacket before hurrying out the front door.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Charlie told him with a light-hearted laugh. “You like him. That’s not a crime.”
“Damn right I am,” Dean retorted with a smirk, throwing three darts in a row and popping a top row balloon with each one. He grabbed three more darts and popped three more balloons, and then another three after that.
But Cas couldn’t see it. He stared at Dean and smiled at him like he held the world, and Dean simply didn’t deserve that kind of devotion from Cas. Castiel Novak was everything. He was kind and funny and he deserved nothing less than the best. And that wasn’t Dean.
“Dad, I’m going to Balthazar’s to study,” Cas said, already opening the front door.
No, no, no, no, no.
He rubbed his hands down his shirt to smooth some of the wrinkles and walked past the other boys wordlessly. He did allow himself a moment to get a better look at Dean.
“You think?” Balthazar muttered, rolling his eyes.
“Why’d you try to leave?” Cas asked, something that had been bothering him since that first night.
“Well thanks for the happy birthday,” she laughed. “But no I haven’t.”
Cas watched him, barely even realizing he was staring, and he couldn’t help but feel some sense of guilt. Sure, they had been talking a little bit, but only in class. At Sonny’s Cas still found it difficult to even look at him. It was one thing to talk to Dean in a classroom setting where they had to stay mostly focused on their assignments. But at home… Cas was afraid of what might happen if he let himself cross that line.
Gordon nodded quickly, holding a hand to his throat and running off.
“Rude,” Charlie pouted and Balthazar almost fell out of his chair laughing.
Dean and Cas stood there in silence for a few moments. When Dean didn’t speak, Cas squinted at him. “Dean? Is everything alright?”
Balthazar nodded in agreement. “It’s been too long. So, we’ll see ya later, yeah Cassie?”
Dean frowned. “What?”
“Alright, I’ll show you one more move and then I’ll have you try it,” Cas continued, trying desperately to stay focused. “So, for this one, just get on your hands and knees.”
Cas shrugged again. Charlie and Balthazar sighed, sharing a desperate look.
It took a few songs, but eventually Dean found himself having fun. He had never learned how to dance, but he did his best to spin Robin around a few times and keep in time with the music. He never realized he could have this much fun at a lame school dance.
Cas could feel the weight of Dean’s presence heavy on his heart, and he tried to focus on the book he was reading. That was extremely difficult, though, when Dean was right there and it was just the two of them. This was exactly why he’d been avoiding one-on-one interaction with Dean. It was too easy for him to fall into it and get comfortable, to let Dean in. He had to make a constant effort to keep himself from giving in.
Dean scrunched his chin and squinted his eyes, shaking his head a bit. “No. No way. When Gordon started kicking the shit out of me that night, you put him in his place. Sure it might have gotten out of hand, but I figure you were just protecting… someone.”
“Wanna help me get this thing in the water?” he asked, shedding his shirt and tossing it in the backseat of the truck.
After a while, though, he felt an itch on his nose. Dammit. He resisted for as long as he could, but he had to reach up and scratch it. When he did, he half expected Cas to sit up. But then Cas snuggled in closer and Balthazar couldn’t even breathe. How the hell was he supposed to breathe when Cas let out that little happy sigh and put his hand on Balthazar’s belly and his head on his chest and...
The next few days at school, Cas wouldn’t talk to Dean much, but they were touching almost every second that they could be. Their first wrestling meet was on Thursday and Dean saw that as the perfect opportunity to try and get back to normal with Cas.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in the passenger seat. “No, sir.”
“Before I tell you and you storm off, just chill,” Balthazar told him. “We’re going to go check on her but I’m sure she’s fine, alright? Yes, she lives on Elkanah.”
Dean opened his eyes, cursing the single tear that escaped down his cheek, and looked at Cas. “You really think so?” he asked shifting closer to Cas. No one had ever really bothered with what he wanted to do.
Trying to distract himself from Dean’s face, he turned his attention to the amulet around Dean’s neck. “Nice amulet,” he said quietly as Dean cleaned up the blood coming from his forehead.
“What do you mean?” Balthazar asked, confused. A dozen thoughts raced through his skull, half of them leaving him painfully hopeful and the other half just painful.
Dean and Cas meant to part ways for class, before realizing they were walking the same way. They both laughed awkwardly.
“What’s up with you, Bal?” Cas wondered, nudging his arm as they headed towards Charlie’s house. “You’re brooding again.”
“Is that your way of asking me to the dance?” Robin asked, quirking an eyebrow at him.
“Let’s just get back to Sonny’s,” Cas said, trying to stay focused on taking care of Dean’s injuries. Glancing at the scratches across his cheek, Cas realized with a start that he was only alive because of Dean. “Why would you jump in the way like that? It could’ve killed you.”
“Dean is,” Cas told Charlie. “I… I think so, at least.”
Cas hesitated. He didn’t really know what to say that wouldn’t make him sound crazy. “I… I guess you’re just too charming to resist,” he said at last, a teasing glint in his eyes. Dean grinned
“Anna, get out of here,” he said, staring at his trembling hands. “Please, go home. I’ll take care of this.”
No, that was crazy. No one ever looked at him the same way after they found out. No one except…
Dean couldn’t speak. He wasn’t used to being the speechless one in these scenarios, but the very fact that Cas wasn’t freaking out was really freaking Dean out. He did as Cas said, removing his flannel and his t-shirt and throwing them in the nearest trash bin. He took the shirt Cas offered him and slipped it over his head.
When the bus came to a stop, the boys started filing out after the coach. After they had all hit the locker rooms and changed into their uniforms, Dean found Cas sitting by himself on the bench in front of the bleachers. Before he could stop himself, he walked up to him and put a hand on his shoulder. “Good luck out there,” he said, barely keeping his voice from shaking.
“Lots of reasons,” Benny said vaguely. “There’s all these rumors but one thing I know is he got in some trouble with the cops and his dad told him not to come home.”
“First we’ve gotta ride the ferris wheel, though,” Cas gasped, as if he had just remembered. “It’s a classic.”
“Alright boys, everyone finished? Let’s get movin’,” Sonny said, coming back into the kitchen. “Everyone knows their assignments.”
“What does that mean?” Dean asked, afraid he already knew the answer.
“Oh yeah?” Balthazar smiled. Whatever made Cas happy, Balthazar couldn’t possibly argue with it. “What’s the dopey grin for, then?”
She eyed him, not believing the awful pick up line for a second. “Sure,” she said, deciding to indulge him anyways. She leaned down the grab his pencil, smiling when he leaned in close to grab it from her.
“Nothing,” Balthazar shrugged, running a hand through his hair and sitting up. “Nothing at all. Let’s study, shall we?”
Balthazar smirked. “I know you can, Cas.”
“Thanks, Robin,” Dean said with a flirtatious smile. “If you’ll be there, I’m in.”
Cas paused, hesitant to say too much. He didn’t speak until they were seated at a booth across from each other. “Well… I just mean you were so nice to me and you stood up to Gordon and I didn’t properly thank you for that. I didn’t want to admit it but that meant a lot.”
“Cut the crap, Cas,” Dean snapped, trying to breathe so he didn’t lose it completely. He was trying to keep his voice at a whisper but it was growing difficult. The teacher was glaring at him from his desk. They had been told to work quietly together on the lab sheet but neither of them could focus on that. “I know you’ve been avoiding me this whole week. I’m not an idiot.”
Dean nodded, choking out a cough that sounded something like ‘yeah, sure,’ and grabbed his oar.
Dean and Cas maneuvered their kayak until it was nearly parallel to the other one, and Cas stood up and caught the boys’ ship with his oar. With just the right angle, he yanked the oar down and the kayak tipped upside down, along with its brave crew.
“So, looks like we’re partners, huh?” Dean asked with a nervous laugh as he approached Cas. “Look, Cas, I know--”
Dean nodded. “It’s honestly no trouble. Gordon’s a dick, and you didn’t deserve that.”
