"It's - no, they can't, I had blocks set up, Osborn couldn't introduce any . . ." he brings both hands to his face, rubbing at his eyes. "Oh." He's frozen, hands pulled down enough for Steve to make out his eyes, which are wide. "I'm drunk."
Steve dropped his hand further until he was touching Tony’s cock over his pants, caressing.
on you?!”
"You did something to me!"
, Anthony thought happily.
It was his only warning before Tony heard the shot.
?” Steve asked insulted. The Colonel could dislike him all he wanted, but Steve wasn’t about to let him jump to conclusions, which sounded more like accusations, just because he possibly thought that Steve was stealing Tony away. “Who are you to question my intentions?”
And in this situation...
fact. He didn’t want Steve to get any ideas now that it was highly likely that he was going to die. Steve looked quickly at him with what only Tony could interpret as a hurt look, a staggering contrast with all the aura of murdering intent that he had on a second ago, but Tony ignored him in order to keep his concentration on Scarred-face, “So, whatever you’re planning-”
afraid of Natasha, when he was once again dragged into Scarred-face and was reduced to a human shield for the handsy fucker.
"What about the SHRA?!"
Steve got the lube from his pants pocket without even breaking their kiss.
“You already knew; even a blind old lady knows that–”
“Tony had been kidnapped before Afghanistan?” Steve asked tentatively. He didn’t know about this, either. He should know about these things! First the mysterious rapist and now this; he was going to have a long, long talk with a probably resisting Tony about this.
with each other, Steve still couldn't figure out what occurring inside the brunette's head that resulted in retreat the moment Steve started talking about what was happening between them. It was frustrating beyond words and it has been wearing Steve down for such a long time in a way that he didn't know how to handle it anymore.
. Just the
The darkness of the forest was absolute. There was nothing but a world of scarcely recognizable shadows following a weak, dying flame emerging from the torch that Anthony Edward Stark was carrying ahead of him during his haste.
With the scare alone, Anthony thought all of the beasts deserved the painful death by the spikes-trap that he himself had helped to assemble.
“Which leads to the second problem,” the witch continued as if she hadn’t listened to his gibber, “I need to know who is it that you’re trying to cast a spell on if simply because I need something of that person for the potion to work and I need to know how much to make depending on height, weight and complexion, so it would be enough for just the one time.”
But Peter didn’t seem to notice or care.
He went towards the barrels full of horse food. He chose two huge, heavy bundles of compressed hay and carried them to the centre of the stable without any help; this task being one of the reasons Steven muscles were so pronounced and proceeded to distribute equally the fodder between the horses.
"We are still here, aren't we?" Steve replied easily. At the genius' hesitant expression, the supersoldier continued to reassure, “We will be fine no matter what, Tony,” Steve assured him with all the faith he could muster in his voice. The Avengers were strong and had been through enough ordeals together to be able to fight for their family, no matter the adversity, "We are not earth mightiest heroes for nothing. We must be proud that you and I are a huge part of that accomplishment. And we did it
"Sorry, Rogers, go back to the tower and -"
Enjoy!
“Captain Rogers,” Rhodes said instead while gesturing at the chair opposite to him. “Please take a seat.”
of cheating, much less
“And if I need to refresh your memory, my ma’ used to call me ‘Stevie’ when I was a kid, but in her last few years she started calling me ‘Steve’, saying that she refused to call her own son like everyone else and that it was more appropriate for a future little gentleman like myself. And even if it’s not a disruption of my name, there's a reason why Anthony calls me 'Cap' or ‘Captain’ as well; it has something to do with a personal dream of mine to become Captain of the Knights” Steven thought that he should as well finish the story. “I want Tony to call me 'Steve' because that's what I allow people precious to me to call me. But only Tony can call me 'Cap' because, for me, it’s like a promise to him that I’ll become a true gentleman, worthy of his hand one day.”
“Probably later, when you leave so you can’t see how hungry I am,” the brunette answered instead. Tony’s eyes went wide when his own words registered; even Steve was shocked at the sheer
“I should probably not ask this-” Steve started, not one to give up hope so easily.
Steve was tired of debating to deaf ears and exhausted of demonstrating to blind eyes. He’s been trying to dance with someone who refused to even step into the dance floor when it mattered and he was starting to get desperate.
“Jarvis, I love you and your infinite wisdom, but what you should do is put my music back on so I can continue building… whatever this is.”
“But you don’t want to.” It wasn’t a question.
would hold a banquet for?”
“No! I don’t want that at all!” Tony denied immediately, though it seemed that the words were once again pulled out of him by the potion rather than by choice, as he hurriedly slapped his forehead in exasperation at his words.  Again, no matter how dreadful it was forcing Tony into this, Steve couldn’t help but thank the magic in their systems; if Tony's answer had been any other, if everything had been a product of Steve's imagination, Steve wasn’t sure he could have been able to take it.
“But, but! I want details!”
Steven saw red. He was glad that he had James by his side to give him an elbow to the ribs to help him put it back together. The alpha took a calming breath that drew the attention of Anthony, and in consequence, of the pompous noble at his side.
“Peter,” the supersoldier called firmly, turning to look at his step-son right in the eyes, “You have to trust me. He
“If you’re talking about sex, and you always are, then I would totally discard the quiet thing. It’s simply not possible for you.” Steve replied pulling Tony closer to hug him completely, tucking his lover's face under Steve's strong jaw. His lover’s hands adjusted to the new position and were transferred to Steve’s back, resuming their soothing spell in the form of lazy circles. “I really love the way you are noisy in bed. You know that, right?”
The genius immediately put his hands up in mock surrender, "Please don't tell on me, dad! Mommy is scary! I'll be good!"
Steve’s smile faded a bit when as his mind reproached him. Steve then wondered how it would’ve turned out if Howard was still alive and the super soldier was looking for
“I could put my clothes back on if you want to,” Anthony teased, making an attempt to free himself as if going to search for his clothes that were nowhere to be seen in the surrounding area.
, Captain.”
“Don’t say that. Tony, please, don’t you say that” Steve begged, he was starting to feel tears gathering in his eyes, but he didn’t have the right to cry when he made Tony, -the same Tony that loved him back, thank
? That
“True as it may be that your taste in music is impossible for me to comprehend, sir, with all due respect, you haven’t been able to sleep well for the last week and you’ve been down here for thirty-two hours straight. Even Dummy doesn’t seem to know what to do with you anymore, sir. If my advice is to be taken, you probably should-”
All of that, only to start letting go off each other as the forest came to its edge and the castle was visible at a safe distance. The imposing view would be the horrid announcement that they ought to part ways.
“That’s how his mother used to call him,” Steven confessed in a whisper in case someone was nearby, shoving the fodder in the last of the sacks with a little more force than necessary. “He told me that if she were still alive, that she surely would have supported us; she was a White Witch and she believed in true love above all else.”
There was no turning back.
“Now, that’s just mean. I can be perfectly quiet and submissive when I want to be.” Tony stated with fake-indignation.
“Steve,” Natasha called before he could exit the kitchen so Steve could turn and meet her serious eyes, “good luck.”
“Yeah, I asked him what the hell did he do to make you punch your way through all my sandbags the day he came over. I had a vested interest in asking, you see, especially considering that we had about fifty of them, and you had to sweep the sand all night leaving me all alone in bed. You’re making the people who sell me all the boxing equipment quite happy, Steve.”
Without saying anymore, he went out of the door happily, following the ruckus that was already happening upstairs.
a wonderful thing, damn it!”
“But that, Steven, is what makes you so amazing, in my opinion,” she finished softly. Steve was startled by her words and he was sure the confusion on his face was showing because Wanda immediately elaborated with a small smile, “You’d give your everything to someone, to something, for the sole convictions that live within your heart. This is why people follow you everywhere, no matter what,” she stated without giving space for arguments, “Anthony Stark is a really lucky guy. Too bad he’s giving you a hard time, you deserve better.”
on you?” Rhodey asked disbelievingly.
“Tony!” he said surprised while making room for his best friend to get into the apartment. Before he could ask, the dark haired genius stomped his way in while rambling like a champ.
“He thinks I’m scum, Jan.” Steve confessed the next morning after Tony had ran to his workshop while muttering something about never being enough coffee in the tower. He remarked his words with a resigned sigh. “I tried to talk to him, but he kept making accusations that made me want to kick his ass into a far away universe even more than I had ever wished to do to another villain. Thank God that we were talking over the phone; I’m not so sure I’d had been able to contain myself face to face.”
“Jan, darling,” Hank tried to contain his wife's excitement by taking her hand and pulling on it gently towards the door, “why don’t we just head to the living room before Steve dies from embarrassment and you can choose a different from the horrible one that Clint chose?”
Tony and the Colonel were now dude-hugging. It would be a beautiful thing, especially considering how it almost never happened, if it wasn’t for the fact that Rhodes wasn’t paying Tony much attention. The military man’s arms tightened around
“Probably just ass-clowns." Tony dismissed with a smirk on his lips and a shake of his hand, "You don’t need to worry about them; most people love me. I’m really loveable, ask Steve.”
I ask you once again that if you see a grammar error or something of the like, please do inform me so I can correct it since English is not my first language.
she agreed “
. Now, Steve was royally
“Captain, what I’m trying to say is this: yes, I’ll hold a grudge on you if you ever hurt the boss’ feelings, but I know the boss is a big guy who can take care of himself just fine and I’ve got more faith in you than anyone that has ever ridden this car with me before.
Tony was probably the only reason this whole situation was bothering him, considering that he normally wouldn’t give a darn about how someone he barely knew felt about him. Except this was Tony’s best friend; one of the very few people that had stood by Tony’s side through every hardship he’d encountered.
"Bullshit, I haven't fixed him yet."
"I've got him under with a steady cocktail, Mr Stark, but it's going through him fast, his stress levels are elevated so he's blowing through the sedatives. I'd give it two hours at most."
“Whoa, Ironman, we’re here to help, dude,” a husky voice said behind the grime. Two others came behind them with a makeshift stretcher.
"I promise, Tony. Now get going."
It felt empty in the house and all around him. That didn’t feel right, for the place to be empty, they never left the place empty for long, between family and friends dropping in unannounced.
No radio to orient him. The sound of the room settling around him was unfamiliar. The breeze coming through the window carried unfamiliar sounds. He didn't smell anything he recognized, but there was a musty, unused scent to the room. He didn't feel like he was under attack, and he wasn't tied to the bed.
"Coordinates, 46.7420 ° N, 60.8810° W, ASAP."
Howard and an orderly got him to his feet but he couldn't hold his own weight and the two men grunted as they held onto him. He felt the shock of the cold stretcher against his back and the clasp of the restraints on his wrists echoed around him. "You promised you wouldn't let them do this," he said softly. "You promised."
"No, Tony," Nicholas Fury said softly. "When they died I was still working for the NSA, I didn't start with Shield until '95. Their deaths were suspicious given what your father was involved with, but your father had a lot of enemies. We all do."
"Disappear. I'll get in touch with you once we know things are safe. You've done what you can, Tony. Now you need to run."
Even if he wanted to know why he was sure of his capabilities, the answers weren't forthcoming.
“Friday, are those cars heading to the designated safe houses? Can you tell?”
"You forgot playboy. You want me to save him? Your precious fucking super soldier -- First Avenger my ass -- god forbid something happens to him. But I'm a liability until my money or my clout can get you something."
Standing proved easier said than done.
"Y-yes sir, Mr. Stark."
The next few weeks were a cavalcade of orders coming from the council, small skirmishes that required Tony's personal touch in some way.
Alarms sounded further into the compound as Tony looked up from his work bench. "We don't have time for this Friday. What the fuck is going on?”
It was huge.
The second time he stood proved better and he made use of the facilities, listening for anything that might mean trouble was close. He couldn’t hear a lot, the house felt empty, timeworn. The large bathroom had a small window which indicated he was in a secluded wooded area.
A stone settled in Tony’s stomach, a gnawing, heavy sense of worry dug into his gut.
A crash sounded below and Tony watched as a car careened through a park heading straight for the delegation. "Later, Friday, first there's work to do." He said heading off toward the vehicle. Stopping one small car wasn't really much for his abilities or pushing the limits of the Ironman suit but it did give him something to focus on instead of the message he didn't want to listen to.
“Might as well do this the old fashioned way,” He said, unleashing the fire suppression gear. Ball bearings the size of golf balls popped from his shoulders and along his arms and spread around the room toward the places with the highest heat signatures.
"I don't even know how to explain it, Tony. I don't know how he got my number. I thought you said he had amnesia."
"Four unknown aircraft on headed this way and they're loaded down with weapons. They were using a new stealth tech it's why we didn't pick them up before now."
"Most of the files related to Hydra and Shield's backhand dealings were encrypted, firebombed when Zola was destroyed, or stuck in some warehouse behind three levels of governmental red tape and cold war espionage. We had enough to go on that Sergeant Barnes had been involved in several key assassinations, but that was second hand information. All evidence of him existing had been manually scrubbed save for a few eye witness accounts of a super strong dude with  a metal arm. We had his torture files, we had the procedures he was put through to do what they wanted, but no, we didn't have a kill list."
"And after you found out you were working for Hydra, what happened then?"
“Rhodey, are you seeing this shit, what the fuck is happening?”
Tony could hear the screams of people from the next floor down, and further into the hallway. Several bodies were scattered about the room, those closest to where the buffet had been judging by the debris pattern.
"I can’t answer that for him, Stark? And you won’t ever get the answers you want if he doesn’t survive this. Ross’s endgame was always to get rid of the Avengers.  Not control them, get rid of them."
The bed sat on four large posters, with a canopy above his head, obscuring the ceiling beyond. The windows on either side of the bed were tall, covered in dark curtains that hung to the floor and let no light in save for the smallest sliver at the edge. There was a large dresser across from the bed and a panelled door leading God knew where. Another door to his right was open, the light was off but he could see the sheen of gleaming chrome and porcelain suggesting a bathroom.
"Incoming phone call from Pepper, Tony. It's urgent, status one encrypted."
"Did Steve know?"
On the third floor of the hotel, smoke billowed from several broken windows and fire spewed from the west side.
"Play it, Friday," Tony said from his seat on the floor, back against the bed.
Once he was sure he was more of a liability than an aide to the arriving fire trucks and ambulances he flew up higher above to survey the damage and had Friday map the entire place while he let his heart settle from his throat.
Weird sentiment coming from a billionaire he supposed, but even he knew that his money was ridiculous. Maybe he could find a way to take all the rich bastards into space and any of them who didn't have a sudden and profound change of heart he could just leave there. Starting with that orange menace running for president.
"It's Rogers, Tony. He's hurt."
"We need to go somewhere dark, boys, I don't want to start playing International Running Man with Ross any time soon. How how long do we have before Spangles wakes up?"
“Steven, you’re safe, I know you don’t believe me but we’re here to help you.”
"Please, sir, get back on the table you're not in any shape to be moving."
Steve’s legs crumbled. The jet shuddered. Then nothing but air and fire along the back of his head. He tried to shift, to roll, but nothing responded. He couldn't brace or shield himself when he crashed into the ocean twenty stories below.
Steve opened his eyes and saw Howard kneeling in front of him. "Howard? Get me out of here, please. I can't do this anymore. No more tests. No more, I thought I was doing the right thing, but this... I don't want this."
"It's Ross. Isn't it? He's found this place?"
“Tony are you okay? News is just starting to filter in about an explosion? What’s going on?”
Tony's throat tightened, hot tears and suppressed emotion formed sharp jagged pieces from his jaw down to his collarbone. "Don't fuck with me, Nick, did you know what happened to my parents? Did you know his precious
"Message coming through on a secure channel, Boss," Friday said in the silence. "Meta information looks clean."
"Fuck this. I need coffee."
"It's not his fault, Sam. Zemo had something planned we didn't account for. We'll talk later."
"Steve, you're not being tested," Howard said, and Steve felt his friend's too warm hands against his face and down to his shoulders. It didn't feel right, Howard never touched him, not before the testing started and especially not after he found out Steve was gay.
His chest behind the wall of metal and his own genius tingled and twitched. Tony didn’t have many nightmares of his time in Afghanistan, those had been replaced by a decade worth of new and ever more awful nightmares of aliens someday descending upon his home and turning it into a wasteland.
That didn't stop him from seeing the news reports. Devastating weather trends, government upheaval in once stable countries. And there was a hostage taking in Latveria but Ross was keeping him as far from that border as he could. Friday and Rhodes were monitoring the situation for him while he was stuck in time out babysitting politicians while they wined and dined in some do in London.
He was on the second floor of a large house. He’d only seen one room and a bathroom, but if they were anything to go by the place was massive. He left the bedroom, and took a right down the hallway toward the main stairway. The hall was old, dusty and had an air of abandonment to it, yet Steve couldn’t shake the vague sense of familiarity.
“HOW THE FUCK WAS ROGERS THIS RIGHT FRIDAY?”
Tony looked down at Steve's face. The doctor was hunched over him and the cabin was filled with the steady beeping of the monitors.
"Steve, it's okay, you're safe. I'm here, I'm not going to let them hurt you."
He ran, like the coward he was. He ran through the compound to one of escape tunnels. Why the fuck was he listening to Fury? He never listened to anyone. On the fly he switched direction. He ran into Dum-e on the way, snagged one of his equipment cases from him and grabbed the first tech he saw. "Dumm-e, this is your new friend--"
Tony swore, shoving his equipment into the travel cases, attached them to Dum-e and ran deeper into the compound. The blare of alarms multiplied, Fury stood in the middle of the maelstrom, untouched, issuing orders as doctors and staff ran around packing up their equipment.
Tony hesitated. "Boss, he's right. We've got to go now. Ross is on one of those aircraft and they're minutes from landing."
"Do you want me to play the message?" Friday asked.
"How much fuel do you have?"
"Retrograde, trauma induced - are you saying he called you? Did you speak with him?"
"Can't talk right now, too many people about, I'll listen to the message and get back to you. Give my love to Happy."
Ross stormed off, his complexion growing even blotchier if possible. Tony didn't let out his breath until after Friday let him know he’d returned to his car and had driven off.
“How’s it look, Friday?”
Shock spread as he watched the man crumble to the floor, blood pouring from his nose and spreading down his face. His unfamiliar knuckles were smeared with the same brilliant red.
They tied his wrists and ankles, bound him so he couldn’t move and dragged him back through the maze of corridors to the lab.
Tony let out a groan, of course the paranoid ex-commander of the Avengers would do things the old spy way. What the hell did he want?
A hollow sound of gunfire lost in a storm.
The fact that he wasn't locked up didn't rule it out but he felt reasonably sure if he wasn't tied up or drugged out he could free himself. Probing why he knew that set off fireworks in the back of his head.
“Then what the fuck do you suggest, Dana, he’s going to get out of those restraints and then we’re all fucked. No matter what you try and tell him. You should have seen Frank go down.”
This wasn’t a place he’d willingly bunker down in if he was fighting. But it wasn’t a place he’d expect kidnappers to bring him either.  No, that would more likely be postmodern austere concrete stained with a disturbing array of bodily fluids.
They were following him he knew it. They were behind the doors he refused to open and they were closing in. He had --
“Thank fuck,” he whispered and turned off to finish his scout of the damage. Tony moved in and out of the building; an apartment complex judging by the people he came across and he moved everyone he could find to safer rooms or outside if he trusted he wouldn’t hurt them more in the transfer.
The message cut off and before Tony could process anything, Friday had reconnected him with Pepper.
"Dum-e, meet Carl, Carl, meet Dum-e. He's going to keep you safe, because he knows if he does, there's a cushy job with Stark R&D in it for him with a 401k that would make an investment firm weep."
Friday and James were still working to undo the mess of the hack that had been enacted on the emergency scanners and get the police and ambulances to respond to the bombings by the first hotel.
Tony’s guts twisted.
He shuddered and ignored a nagging headache in the back of his brainpan.
"Any particular reason you chose the middle of nowhere in Canada of all places for a secret meeting?"
He never spent more than a few hours stateside. Long enough to switch his suit or drop something off at the compound. Most of it was public glad handing, no fights to break up, no hydra nests to get rid of, instead it was body guard duty for a public dignitary. It was ride along for a summit. Ross and the council dodged areas prone to conflict, refusing to send him near somewhere he'd potentially feel compelled to intervene.
He didn't run to his labs, he damn well didn’t run away from his feelings. Tony surrendered himself to science. Unthinking, he worked, and tinkered, and built, and rebuilt things in the lab until he was covered in grease and small scratches, until his stomach gnawed from hunger, until his eyes stung from sweat and lack of sleep. When he finished, he stepped back and looked at what he’d made.
Tony saluted and ran down the hall away from the escape hatch and to where they were loading Steve up for transport. "Taking over from here boys, Fury is going to ground and we have to assume all our locations are compromised." That sounded military enough, yes?
Tony hit the coffee maker for pot number four, and took himself to the shower. Throughout, he forced himself not to think of all the reasons his life was run by memories of someone who didn't have the decency to be honest about his true feelings. Tony would have understood if Steve was protecting an old flame. Hell, Tony could be remorseless when it came to protecting people he had more than a passing tryst with. But nothing in the records indicated anything between Steve and Bucky. They’d been some great secret of the war.
“I’m not some hacker, Tony. I can lead men into battle but fixing a city’s emergency response system is more of a Friday or Vision’s gig. Where the fuck do I start, Tony?”
"It could have gone better," Steve said, sending the signal to open the doors and looking for signs of the jet. Able to only gleam a vague sense of the jet through the rain as water tossed against it, he ushered Wanda, Hawkeye and the others aboard.
"You think Ross is behind Zemo? That doesn't track."
The lights were too bright, too cold. Everything was too cold. Were they testing his stamina again? God, not again, they promised him no more tests. They promised after the blood draws and a few endurance runs they'd have what they were looking for. He couldn't stop shaking and the light hurt his eyes. He had to get out of here.
Tony didn't want to leave Steve , he wanted to stay there and watch as they set everything up, but Ross had already left several messages on his voicemail, yelling loud enough each time he was amazed he hadn't heard it through the phone. He had the helicopter refuel and drop him off in Hawaii, a car picked him up from a small airstrip he'd purchased and he bummed around for several hours, spent enough in the right places that the local papers did a small story about him spending the weekend on the Big Island looking to make some kind of deal to fund HURL for three years.
Who the fuck knew he was only tangentially military.
Another bomb exploded behind him sending a cascade of smoke and debris through the air. He  swung around heading back, ignoring the diplomats.
Dealing with what Fury wanted was better than focusing on that stupid package in his safe. He wanted nothing to do with Steve or his letters, or his apologies. Not now, not ever. Was that even rational?What would Graham, his therapist say about his current mental state?
"How far out are they? Any idea their origins? Hydra coming at us?"
Finally, he opened his eyes and took in the room. The wallpaper was peeling, a muted shade somewhere between green and blue, dulled by age. It was clean. There wasn’t a speck of dust on the furnishings, and while the bedclothes on top of him were discoloured, that was from age not dirt.
Once nearby the canisters popped and unleashed a sticky foam that covered and smothered the flames. Once the fire was no longer burning and as the smoke cleared, the destruction became clear. He quickly checked for any signs of life in the room, ignored the twinge in his heart when the signs came up empty and shored up the middle of the floor where the bomb had ripped through making sure to maintain integrity until the authorities arrived and assessed the rest of the damage.
Pain clawed along his the back of his skull, his neck felt stiff, aftereffects of their torture, he surmised. They had ripped his identity from him, he couldn’t find his name in the echoing silence of his thoughts.
"Rhodey's in New York as far as I know. Vision is at the compound too. I haven't been there in a while I've been doing some humanitarian work you understand. All about giving back you know."
“I’m watching it Tony, but I’m cut off, I can’t access any of the systems. The emergency response systems have been hacked. There aren’t enough first responders on the ground near you to get in touch with.”
Tony reconnected with James. “Tell me you’ve got something.”
He didn’t know who they were.
"Could I suggest yoga? It really helped me after New York. No? Okay then, you can leave if you're done threatening me."
"Then we've got an hour people. Friday, you with me?"
"So, I'm sure his friends in Wakanda can take care of him quite well. If that's all."
He didn't expect to be so dizzy or so tall. Everything hurt like the aftermath from a back alley fight.
“Chaotic but under control, fire and EHS are handling the main sections and police have arrived to help control traffic. The diplomats got away safely.”
Instead, he shoved it in his safe and paced the compound; a ghost wandering the halls of a place he barely lived in even when the Avengers were at their peak. The home in Malibu was too lonely and too far away to keep an eye on Rhodey. New York reminded him of Steve. And if he bugged Pepper while she and Happy had a private moment together she’d kill him.
Then agony against the back of his skull.
“Friday, patch into local emergency and send crews here to help with the injured.” He took to the air looking for the location of the second explosion.
He didn't recognize the feel of the bed beneath him. Nothing felt familiar. Panic gnawed at his insides and he stayed stock-still in the bed waiting for the sounds around him to coalesce into something he knew.
He didn't recognize the bedroom.
He flew out the window and surveyed the front of the hotel. Chaos and panic reigned supreme as people fled the building. The bodyguards were nowhere to be found and he couldn’t see a sign of emergency vehicles or Vision.
"Heya, Ross, how's it going."
"Where is he, Tony?"
“Sure, yeah, that’s good,” Tony panted out. His heart continued to overclock and he could feel sweat bead along his skin.
"Careful there, Ross, that government issued paranoia is starting to become pathological. Might want to dial it back some."
Or Steve.
He felt straps wrap around him and press him tightly to the stretcher as people scrambled around him. A device wrapped ---
He needed to get somewhere safe. Each turn down the corridor led to a different set of rooms, but no way out. There were no windows either. His chest hurt, every breath felt sharp and didn’t go deep enough.
“I need backup Rhodey, something is happening here,” Tony growled. He flew off toward the other hotel in time to see several dark cars speeding away in carefully traffic free areas.
They were coming from everywhere now, from both ends of the hallway and from another door. He didn’t know how many were there, only that they grappled him to the floor as someone jabbed him with first one needle then a second.
Fury stood. "You’re the genius billionaire philanthropist. This is your chance to do something and prove an entire compound full of geniuses wrong. Steve doesn’t has much longer left. He's dying Tony."
“You got me, Boss, still can’t connect with the emergency services but the explosions are drawing attention.”
By the time he got back to Malibu, Ross was standing in his driveway, surprisingly alone for once. Tony gave a casual wave as he paid his Uber driver and sauntered up to the house watching as Ross steamed in his three piece under the midday sun.
He flew off to the building, barely a stone’s throw from the first bomb and entered the third floor. Smoke filled the large room he was in and he scanned for signs of survivors. The ballroom was destroyed with fire spreading along the west corridor and a gaping hole in the middle of the floor.
"Please, Howard, I won't tell anyone, I just want to fight, please don't let them test on me. Get me out of here, please? I'll go into hiding, you'll never have to see me again."
"Under sedation, they're getting him ready for transport. You don't need to know where he's going. In fact the less you know the better."
Volunteers outside were cordoning off locations and moving vehicles for responders to get through. The fourth time he came out of the building carrying survivors he heard the sirens and felt the air leave his lungs in relief.
He hoped they were safe.
"Don't save him for me, or anyone else. If you're still mad at him for what he did, save him long enough so you can punch him. I don't care, we just need him back."
"I take it things in Siberia didn't go so well," Sam said as they ran toward the ship.
He settled in front of the car and locked his boots to the ground for stability. The car slammed into his legs and he pressed down on the hood to keep it from moving. He looked into the car to see if there was anyone hurt and shut off the engine. There was no one in the vehicle and the front driver’s door was wide open as someone ran from the scene.
He scouted the perimeter of the hotel and tapped into the scanners. Emergency vehicles were being rerouted to the sister hotel to block traffic to ensure the diplomats were able to leave in safety. The bombs were being  reported as hoaxes.
They hesitated, but relented when they heard weapons fire above. Seconds later they took off on the other side of a mountain range and flew into a massive fog bank as it rolled along the coast.
"I'm sorry, I really thought he had your back."
“Can you get through to Vision?”
Tony wanted to yell, he wanted Steve in front of him so he could scream until his voice was raw. He wanted to throw everything that was weighing on him back in Steve’s face. Instead he stood in his room, abandoned.
“Should I get in touch with Ross as well, he’s going to want --”
Ross was still trying to get through on his phone he could see the messages piling up in the background and he swiped them away with the middle finger salute.
Tony stared around at the milling crowd and took off into the air above the colonnade.
"Fury, what are you going to do?"
"I can't reach them, Tony. The Captain infiltrated the RAFT, he freed his team before Ross and the guards opened fire. It was bad, Stark. Hawkeye was shot and recaptured . Sam Wilson got away to parts unknown, hoping Wanda is with him, but Rogers fell. He spent three days in the ocean before we found him."
"You've got him alive that's more important than his memories rights now."
Tony flew down through the smoke, Friday switched his screen to highlight survivors and shore up supports to keep debris from crushing anyone. Where he could he deployed his fire suppressants and pushed through the thickest of the carnage.
The ‘staff’ were lying. They were tricking him, trying to keep him away from the doors and any exits. He was trapped and if he didn’t find a way out soon he didn’t think he’d ever leave under his own power. Someone was playing for keeps.
"Why the fuck not, he should have told me, keeping this from me wasn't his decision to make."
"I know a place, and it's not that far. Can you make it to Long Island?"
"Always Boss."
"Well, that's what happens when you've been married for awhile," Tony said. "What is it you want me to hear?"
"Uuhhh-- Carl?"
“We’ll give him his memories back. Resting his brain isn’t working and we’re taxing him too much physically. Get BARF and set it up.”
"Help me, Howard--."
“You don’t need anything, Vision is doing his job, why can’t you just follow your orders? You are not required to follow the diplomats, your presence is just calling attention to their exits.”
"Tony, I wouldn't call you but you need to hear this. I tried to get ahold of Fury first but he's not responding and I don't know how much information I can give out around here without Ross or one of his crew listening in." She snorted. "Listen to me sounding like Happy."
He took off back toward the hotel as he had Friday try and scramble the first responders, there was so much chaos below as people ran scared from the hotel and the damage spread out. He’d stopped the fire but the structural damage would continue along with water damage. The third explosion carved a hole in a building two doors down.
Nothing.
“No, absolutely not, he’s had too many meds and I don’t care if he can toss them off like they’re nothing, it’s still affecting his liver and heart.”
He had to run, he had to get out of this place. It wasn’t safe, there were dangers lurking behind every corner. Memories  threatened to overwhelm him no matter where he went.
"That's not who I meant and you know it. I know you have him stashed somewhere and I'm going to find him."
Waves rose and tossed him. A burning raged in his head and roared down his spine as the sea pounded him relentlessly. He couldn’t fight it, his strength meant nothing to the waves, to the numbing pain in his head. Somewhere above, he heard a cry, almost lost to the winds.
So what had Tony been to Steve? A passing friendship, a half decent second fiddle until something better came along?
Tony sat at his desk, staring at the package Steve sent him. He didn’t dare open it. There was no return address, there was no indication who sent it. But he knew, down in the pit of his stomach, it was from Steve. Tony didn’t want an apology, or an explanation, or whatever was in that cardboard box. He wanted to take it out in the middle of the ocean weight it down and let it sink to the depths of the ocean, forgotten.
“Like fuck they were, Ross, there are people dead in the hotel and you’re saying all is fine?”
Steve, of course that was his name. He leant against the wall as a wave of dizziness crested. It passed and the buzzing agony in the back of his head vanished as his surroundings became more familiar.
. Whatever, maybe Fury would have something interesting for him.
"Why?"
“What about the first responders, Ross?” Tony asked, watching the dots travel along the map in his GUI.  It all appeared normal, the cars followed the correct routes and he cursed as he hovered above the city.
"Mr. Rogers, you can't get up."
"Has to do with a mutual friend of ours.” Fury paused, dramatic as always, before he started the real reason he’d summoned Tony. “I know things didn't go so well between you the last time you saw each other, but. . . I've exhausted all my options Tony and you're the only one left."
"We've got fifteen minutes to scramble. Signatures don't register as Hydra. Can't tell you much more than that, Boss."
“And send a message to Vision, I’m going to need back up here.”
“Tony, I don’t fucking care if the buildings are falling around your ears. Your job is to protect the diplomats! Do not engage in any other activity, that is an order.”
He needed -- he needed -- he couldn’t -- he had to -- he needed --
“I need to go back and deal with the fall out, Rhodey. I’m sending you the info on the trackers. Keep an eye on the diplomats, something is fishy but I can’t put my finger on what it is yet.”
Tony tried to tap into the Fire suppression system to get rid of the spreading flames and found the hotel had been hacked. The  system wasn’t reporting an issue. Aside from the screams and roar of the fire there wasn’t an alarm to be heard.
“Not from this distance Tony, we’re going to need to track them.”
"Because like it or not, despite your conviction that the Sokovia Accords are good and what we need, you know deep down you're wrong, and that Ross is dirty. And if Steve dies, you'll blame yourself for it even if you had nothing to do with it. At least this way you gloat about saving him."
“Patch him through,” Tony said.
The explosion hit him in the chest and he fell back as the car hood turned to shrapnel. Pieces of metal stuck in the chest piece of the suit and his cameras showed nothing but static as Friday tried to reset against the onslaught of debris.
"When I find out where you've got him hidden, Stark, so help me, I'll drag you  to the same tribunal and they'll burn the lot of you."
Pain shot through the back of his head and he let out a scream. What new test had they rigged him to now? Were they testing his pain threshold, his ability to withstand torture if he was caught by the enemy? The pain crested and somewhere near his hand he felt a sting and warmth spread through his arm and up to meet the agony ripping through his neck and skull.
man,” Steven stressed, apparently still in his jealous phase.
“I just want you to be happy, Tony. I hope you get that through your thick skull.” Rhodes declared slowly while slapping Tony lightly on said skull. The way he said it implied that he didn’t want any confusion about his words from anyone present. “And I would support you no matter what, man. That’s what I’m here for, you know? To punch you in the face when your stupidity reaches high levels; which is all the time.”
The darkness seemed to also take place in his battle style; he wasn’t even pretending that he wasn’t fighting to kill, giving each punch and throwing the full force that the serum provided him with.
“Okay…
Rhodey took pity on him and sat crossed legged beside him.
Steve blushed at the insinuation. “Thank you, anyway.”
“It is, a little.” Steve agreed mockingly, but at his friend fake-gloom, he decided to add, “But you get enough ‘action’ from Sharon, don’t you?”
“And will that work?” Steve asked tentatively, not knowing what to think about the name change. Was it really necessary? It probably was; if Tony discovered he was being hexed before Steve wanted him to, he would certainly close his mouth and walk away in order to never speak to him again. He had one shot at this and any wrong movement would cost him Tony forever.
Rhodes sat calmly on the couch facing the exit. He put his sniper rifle on the coffee table and began to clean it almost adoringly with the kit he kept in the suitcase of the weapon. Tony had his suits, Rhodey had his guns.
But they did say that love brings out the best and worst out of you.
At Tony’s confusion and lack of response, Steve decided to elaborate, “You said I should go, but do you want me to?”
And then, there was silence. Tony took a quick look around the warehouse only to find that the battle was over, at least inside; he paid more attention and he clearly heard a fight still going on outside. Typical; it was taking Steve’s team no time to wipe them all out; acting more like a strike team now than an actual superhero’s team. Nevertheless, Thug-number-one’s grip on him didn’t loosen a bit and by the looks of it, he didn’t have any intention of giving up just yet.
Their relationship was as complicated as it could be with Anthony being royalty, always surrounded with fake and superficial people that only wanted to take “their” share of the Stark power and fortune, and Steven being just a stable boy that happened to know enough of fighting and combat techniques to be the current champion of the annual low-class' warrior tournament, not having enough prestige to even participate in the ones that Anthony was forced to attend to.
“As I was saying, breakfast and a bath.” James reminded Steven teasingly. “But seeing as you’re struggling to get this done in time and that you’ll probably fail in life without me, I’ll go change.” That’s when Steven noticed that Bucky was still on his sleeping garments.
Well, thank you so much for reading this! I'm so happy you took the time. I hope it doesn't take me a long time to finish this (for real this time) soon. Grammar and vocabulary corrections are welcome! Please help out a non-native speaker!
“Are you implying that you only need a few minutes to manipulate him?” Rhodey asked. If he were a dragon, he would be spiting acid with his words, “You’re the fucking worst, Rogers. He’s not here, so
Where were the damned rouge-heroes when you needed them?
“I live with you; all of the above is necessary.”
to cover it.”
“Well… Since I seem to be incapable of thinking of nothing but ‘the gutter’…” Steve lifted Tony bridal-style, who totally shrieked in surprise. Steve didn’t give him time to complain when he threw him almost immediately towards the bed, making him land perfectly on the middle before he could protest the ‘princess treatment’, as he called it. Super aim did come useful in a lot of different ways. “Why don’t we give it a try?” he asked while crawling over to Tony, positioning himself between expecting legs.
bullshit!” Tony denied fiercely, yet he was still avoiding eye contact. “How can you be so full of yourself? How can you fucking try to put those words in my mouth, Rogers?! That’s it for humble Captain America for you!”
"So?!" Janet repeated impatiently.
Suddenly, Tony looked angry.
"Not for lack of your begging, of course." Rhodey threw back without any force. With Tony as he was, it wouldn't be fair to push some battering. “Perhaps the water would help you cool your head before your phone call, man.” He suggested when the genius seemed to be about to answear back. Maybe a shower and a miracle after, and Tony would get his head out of his ass long enough to notice that Rogers could act like a real jerk, too. “Besides, Pepper will kill you if you show up smelling like that.”
“Fine!” Rhodes almost yelled while slamming his cup of coffee rather forcefully on the table. Steve was too worried about the sound and the thinking of how was he going to get out of this without turning his lover’s best friend into a bloody pulp, that he was slow to process the simple word coming from the now resigned Colonel. “Fine, Rogers, fine!” he repeated as if to confirm it for Steve’s slow brain.
“How dare you assume-!”
Steve felt the smirk taking over his face.
before you do this kind of stunts!? Are you trying to kill me?! Are you
Steven then hurried to feed the horses and started to clean the stalls while the horses were distracted eating. He decided to start with the recently arrived horses because he didn’t know how long the castle’s guests would resolve to leave, even when his usual routine demanded for him to start with Anthony’s most beloved horse, Vision, a beautiful, black, faithful to Anthony like no other, Arabian stallion.
“Damn straight,” He wouldn’t deny that even if he were able to, anyway. “Even inside the tower,” Steve finally retook those inviting lips with his own and dominated them when Tony pulled close again, rubbing himself against Steve in the process. He kissed Tony hard, passionately, possessively and he couldn’t be more pleased when he received an equally fervent response.
“Tony, what did you tell Rhodes about me for him to dislike me so much?” Steve really wanted to know what had warranted such hostility towards him. At Tony’s guilty expression, Steve decided to reassure him before his lover had time to turn his obvious thoughts of ‘Danger! I gotta go!’ into action. “Not that I blame you, Tony, you know I don’t; I just want to know before I face him again.”
“It’s not what it looked like! She jumped me and I was shocked to react in time!”
“You think?! And you are not even sorry for the right reasons!” Tony accused angrily, “Steve, you can come here and just force a confession out of me!” They both had to pause to reflect on what left Tony's lips for a second. They both realized that neither could even try to lie to be sarcastic or to complain, apparently. It only served to get Tony even more upset; he threw his hands up in the air with exasperation and openly cursed his life, “Okay! You
“The Avengers is the best thing that has ever happened to all of us, Steve! Not just you and me. I see it every day on everybody’s eyes. I have seen what this team means to all its members and ex-members," Tony explained as if it was the most logical thing in the universe, "when we have meals together, parties, movie nights, the comforting after an awful mission, the
to you, Tony!”
Moved by his alpha’s words, Anthony just thought it fair to reciprocate with all the honesty that he could muster, even when it was so hard for him to talk about feelings, but this was Steven, and he deserved more than just the world. “Steve,
“A~nd that’s my cue to leave as if hell-hounds were after my butt,” Peter said, acting exaggeratingly as if all of this situation was giving him goosebumps, and hurried up after the others, “At least up there I'm not at risk of having to bleach my brain for involuntary voyeurism!”
“How can you just–?!”
He's useful down here. In battle, a man doesn't think about a friend's dead weight in his arms, or the evil computer program devouring his brain. He just moves.
A third time. He'd known today was going to be hectic.
"It's a long story."
Thor nods. "Where shall I dispose of it? I believe it contains lethal parts that make it unsuitable for pedestrian removal."
Steve tries not to think too deeply about it as he surges forward, jumping onto the monster's back and yanking it out with a wet shunk. He rolls off, not fast enough for the Hulk to have missed him, to not get blamed in its primitive mind for causing it that pain. It locks on his figure with heaving, snorting rage.
"Our heritage bid us forward, and morality acted as our compass," Fandral declares, stepping forward, almost chest to chest with Steve, and tall enough that it does nothing to block his view of Tony, behind them both. "Your atrocities are an offense to all Asgardians, and every mortal, dead or quick, who stands beside us!"
But then, "Bucky would've told me if other people were getting hit," Steve says, thinking out loud. "I think this is new."
"Steven Rogers," Thor says. "These are my subjects. Trust me."
"Hopefully not," Reed says, brows drawn down in thought. "The complete scan should give us some idea. Although that Extremis woman would be an immense help in speeding the process along, this is all rather new to me." He sounds sufficiently entertained.
Maria Stark was a gorgeous woman.  Willowy, with ridiculously high cheekbones and the same piercing eyes as her son. Steve's pretty sure Tony takes more after her than his father, actually, the coloring and build are certainly similar.
Steve watches carefully, wants to refuse to get his hopes up again. His voice is unnecessarily gruff. "Straight answers, Stark."
"I was really out of it," Tony says. His hands are clasped tightly in front of him, as if this were an interrogation.
Hogun glowers. "Men have invented many words to describe using their science for wrongdoing."
Tony has a gorgeous body. It's something any artist can appreciate:  long, slender limbs, wide shoulders, tapering hips. An ideal form, the kind literally propped up on a pedestal for worship, carved into stone for posterity.
"I'm tired of apologizing to corpses," he says. "Steve. I knew you had enemies. I could've done more. I could've hovered. I didn't. Because it would've been overkill, it would've made me look bad, it would've been uncomfortable for both of us. But you still would've been alive. I'm sorry I didn't."
Tony's other hand comes up, resting on Steve's chest, above his heart. Steve's not sure what he gets out of this, but a second later he's sniffling, releasing Steve's neck, wiping at his face and nose when Steve finally climbs off.
"You can't know that."
"Reyes out."
Or not. "I thought we talked about that already."
"Simply put, it appears the one it's operating on now is some kind of panic button. A self-destruct," Reed says. "I would assume this is a failsafe, if the subject was to, well, lose it on the group that developed this. The subject would interpret 'self-destruct' as jumping off a bridge, or stepping in front of a train. Tony's . . . mind could be interpreting the command as this. But it's hard to give a definitive word, Extremis was in testing stages when Tony injected himself. This could be a malfunction. Maybe the prolonged use simply taxed the program? It could be a manifestation of self-destructive tendencies; the program could've started being unable to differentiate between subconscious Id urges, meant to be ignored, conscious thoughts, commands.
"Thank you," Tony says, looking a little pale.
"He's shredding a paper trail," Bucky says, shaking his head. "Hiding something. It was a Stark satellite that fired on Stark tech, on Stark property. There's no investigation, because he hasn't reported any of it. There's been no retaliation for the attacks. And somehow, they all happen when there will be absolutely no casualties."
"Steve, when you died, it –" Tony stops, unfolds himself and stands.
"I'm flattered," Steve says, grinning wide and cheeky, he knows, but can't really help it.  There's something incredibly endearing about imagining -- "How old were you again?"
Steve leans as though reaching for some sweet and sour sauce, close enough for his lips to brush against Tony's ear. "Hearing someone isn't dangerous in comparison to Thor isn't that comforting."
But then, Tony probably wouldn't be seriously interested in someone like that, and it surprises him how disheartening the thought is.
"Just pubescent.  And of course not, it's technically yours," Tony says.  Then looks Steve up and down.  Then laughs again, a real laugh, ending in a real smile. Steve is immensely pleased with himself for going through with this.
They stop – a promising sign.
"I thought about
"He fucked with my head," Tony groans, leaning forward and covering his face again. Steve hesitates for a moment, then rests his hand on Tony's neck; the skin is hot to the touch, damp with sweat.
Tony half laughs – "You were captured–"
"Is there anything I should be keeping an eye out for?" Steve asks, after a moment of watching Tony's fingers work at rapid pace.
"The LDDT targets and breaks down non-organisms only. Any potted plants you had would've been fine, too. The worst that could happen was a three story drop. And . . . seeing the Punisher's genitals."
"I hear there's something unusual about the debris, Jim?"
Steve had forgotten how exactly Thor's voice could sound like thunder.
"Very alive. Not hurt."
"As was said, we traveled many roads, to no avail," says the fat one. "We returned to our home to convalesce, and our comrade, who can pierce through the shrouds of nine worlds, provided us this location."
"Not Extremis, not - it's complicated," Tony says. "I had precautions built into that model; it took weeks, and ludicrously expensive materials. I don't have the time or resources to rebuild it now."
"Not right now."
"Well - Cap," he says, sounding slightly lost. "Something happened today."
"What? No, I –" just realized that's a joke. Tony's weak smile widens at Steve's sheepish expression. "You haven't been playing, either."
It reminds Steve of a drumbeat, and whatever it is – it's on the move, getting closer; soon loud enough to rattle the glasses in Sam's cupboard.
Despite what their friends seem to believe, Steve hasn't been angry at Tony since coming back. It's impossible to look at the man and not see past, stupid mistakes, regrets, but enough time has passed. Mostly, he's bothered by the last time they'd met, the way Tony's eyes had shifted, unable to rest on Steve's form for longer than a second when they last met.
"Reyes?" he asks, holding a hand to Rhodes. "What's – Status? You alright?"
"That's not–"
Steve's pretty sure he's right when Tony's eyes widen, mouth actually dropping.  "Steve," he breathes, reaching out and touching the portrait tentatively.  "This is--"
The room, already thinned, empties quickly.
"Ah," says Steve, relieved. Piercing through the shrouds of nine worlds would do it.
"We came as soon as Vision told us about it!" Hulkling protests in a grunt, struggling to maintain the chokehold he has.
Resisting the urge to tell Reyes to get out and just wait there, he lifts them both into the air.
As they talk, Tony seems to simultaneously loosen and tighten. Forget their surroundings enough to slide back on the couch, but cross his arms in defense, then bring up his legs as added protection.
"We should contact Thor," Steve says.
In one more thrust, he's in the rest of the way. Not too early, but he's normally more careful, slower, and Tony's breath hitches in surprise as he's folded in half.  Thrusting in brutal time with his strokes, both firm, both relentless, he fucks Tony.
The room is so full of eerily silent Maria Hills at this point, Steve can barely make out the top of Tony's head bobbing as he moves.
"Rogers," he answers, without taking his gaze away from Tony's face.
"Are you happy you have it?"
"She and Hogan adopted siblings ten years ago," Bucky continues. "Girl and a boy. Hardly anyone in your circle knows about them."
Steve shrugs, and whacks the last of the standing Hills with an almost lazy wave of his arm. "Mephisto's never really aimed for the stars."
Reyes eyes go round, either realizing his mistake or just his usual reaction to Steve's frustration, following after him. "Well – we weren't supposed to contact you, over the radio, before a mission – the – the problem, they didn't want it leaking to Sin that you're coming–"
"You should've looked me up," Steve says, trying to convince his body that it's time for pleasantries, not smashing – well, something. Anything. Not being able to get how quickly the smile on Tony's face had melted to that blank, hollow stare out of his head probably isn't helping. "What are you doing here?"
"Fifteen minutes ago, sir," he says, sliding in the passenger's side. Fifteen minutes. This can't be happening.
"Duck," Steve says. Tony drops, and his shield soars through the air, knocking the Hill into the wall, slicing its midsection. "He didn't."
"I made one once," Tony says. "But that was a while ago." Not too long, apparently; after a minute of fiddling, the engine turns over, and he's got them in the air.
"Sorry we're late!" says . . . a member Steve doesn't recognize, of a team Steve doesn't recognize.
Steve can't stretch out on his couch. It's huge, granted, but Steve is huger, and his neck cricks, or, more often, his feet end up propped on the armrest. Tony is a perfect fit. He's out entirely, limp and unmoving where Steve set him, in a sleep that's tiring to even look at.
"I know you, Tony. You tried to make me think I didn't, but I do. You came to my door because you knew I could help you," Steve says. And he did, and he's practically giddy with the realization that everything he's been lacking is coming back to him, piece by piece. "You told me that you wanted me."
"Tony–"
"You don't suspect the estate that bought it?" Steve asks. "Your father had that world war three relic buried down there for who knows how long, we had no idea, they could know something we don't."
Immediate dissent. "That's Stark's toy, right?"
"Helicarrier's operational again," Tony says, nodding. "Ryker's and the state penitentiary are stabilizing, and the director managed to keep the National Guard out of the city. War Machine and I can finish off the stragglers, and we can call it a day."
"You're like, forty," says Peter.
"Oh, thank goodness," Sue says. "We were worried that our friend here might've maimed some SHIELD agents. Johnny," she says, into a communicator. "You can come back, we found the driver."
There's another pause, the New and Mighty Avengers look to their respective team leaders, and finally Clint coughs.
"Hey, Cap."
"Good of you to join us," he greets, voice tense.
"I guess we did," Steve says, the fact slowly dawning on him. It's just a little hard to notice at first. "Almost, anyway. Reyes, get Gawrych on the Helicarrier. Keep him under guard. There should probably be an investigation on his involvement –"
"It's –" odd, working with SHIELD, but without Sharon. In a bad way, a wrong way; the liaison that replaced her, Agent Reyes, is a nice enough kid, but not quite the capable, intelligent agent he'd grown used to having his back . . . and this is going down all sorts of gloomy, possibly guilt-tripping paths, so he just sighs.
"What happened?" Steve asks, not sure if the sudden surge of affection he feels for Tony is in his voice, not sure if it's worth hiding.
Tony's gripping the table, hard. "What did it hit?"
"Hey, living to tell that you were in the same room as Castle is impressive."
He lands, one hand on the back of Tony's head, the other around his waist, pulling him close enough to roll to a stop as one on the hotel roof. The flying car, holding the still roaring Hulk in the backseat, plows into the side of three foot thick billboard, immediately crunching into useless piles of metal, flinging the Hulk through the sign.
Steve sits across from him, grabbing the packages wrapped in the thicker, impossible to open plastic and ripping. "How long do you think this will take?"
"I woke you up," Tony says, apparently still asleep enough to state the obvious. A moment of silence, and then Tony runs a hand through his hair, rubbing the back of his neck. "I should've said this earlier. But I missed – talking to you. I didn't want to ruin that. I'm sorry you died."
"You are . . . shorter than we were led to believe," Hogun notes, cocking his head to the side. "Truly, do you possess no other skills than donning enhanced metals? And you kept pace with Thor, and the man who can grow boundless heights, and the lady who can produce the like of lightning out of her own hands, and the most accomplished soldier of your people? You are the man of iron and wit?"
He sounds so utterly sure that Steve finds himself hoping that Reyes might've actually solved the mystery.
"Steve," she says with a smile.
Tony blinks, then leans close to look at the serial code running along the side. "That – well, did, yes. Thank you."
"I wasn't in danger. Neither was Castle. Or Crossbones, as much as that'd be worth."
"He did," Bucky says. "This isn't a grudge. Working with him . . ." He stops, frowning. Still keeping his gaze calm and steady on Steve, though, and it reminds him of a processing computer. "If SHIELD is on his radar for some reason, do you really doubt he'd exercise any restraint bringing it down?"
All at once, Tony stops. Glances behind him. "How do you think this works, exactly?"
It's always odd, listening to War Machine and Iron Man speak to each other; the voice distortion is basically the same, but the tempos and body language are so wildly different, it's like listening to someone with multiple personality disorder carry on a conversation with himself.
And he's seen it before – this particular body, Tony's bare torso and legs – but there's no way to look at Tony's body without acknowledging that it's attractive. And acknowledging that, just now, when he feels like this, feels wrong. Feels almost invasive. So, he doesn't look.
"It's not about what I want," Tony says.  But he's weakening, it's obvious how much wants it, and Steve wonders how long it was there for the taking. If it was always this obvious.  It sounds like surrender when he asks, "What, exactly, did we do?"
"I would rather be dead," Steve says, appropriately serious, once he reaches Tony, "than have Bucky broken like he is. I would rather be dead than see you that way. I hate that that was the cost of me coming back. It took months for the guilt to fade enough to do anything. If I thought it'd do any good, I'd – not be here."
"How's Ben?"
Twenty-thousand dollars.
Very aware this isn't a secure line, he chooses his next words carefully. "It went badly. We almost lost people."
"Rogers."
"Like you trust me."
"But then how did he know you were at my place? I assumed he was just tracking you, you used to do that with satellites all the time."
"You told me everything, Tony," Steve says, walking back to stand in front of him. And then again, "Tony."
"Prince," Agent Prince, a tallish woman with long dark hair and height says, taking Steve's hand. "SHIELD's mapped some vulnerable locations in case of emergency evacs; schools, hospitals, shelters –"
It started raining about midway through the battle, each strike of Thor's hammer echoing loudly, darker and darker clouds gathering above them, and by the time they finished, it was pouring.
"Why the formality?" Steve asks Thor, as they watch along the sidelines, and knows it sounds bitter. "Why not just let Hogun bend Tony over his knee?"
Maybe it's just the fact that three massive, hairy men have appeared on Sam's third-story balcony, more than that they're wearing near-blinding colors. Maybe it's a mix of the two. They're wearing the sort of over-the-top design you'd find at a Renaissance Fair: bright colors, puffed shoulders, tights and a golden crown with long, flowing strings. They're well made, though; maybe something you'd find on a movie set, then.
"Did you think I wouldn't listen? Wouldn't help?"
Steve nods. "Do you need a hand?"
It snaps something in him, pulls the whole situation out of surreal; Tony could've died. He didn't, he's standing in front of Steve now, looking more awkward in Steve's shirt than he did naked.
"Good to hear," she says, then laughs. "And I'm being told we've run over! When we come back: The Undead, precautions you can take to make sure your dearly departed doesn't come crawl –"
"And you knew that?"
Tony's eyes narrow in thought, hurling a Hill off his chest. "I would've assumed he had bigger things on his plate."
“Steve!” he exclaimed with an obviously fake laugh, “To what do I owe the pleasure?”
?! We need a precise date so we can determinate the real winner, then!”
Another good-hearted laugh came from the driver’s mouth.“Don’t worry, Captain, you should see the way the boss looks when he talks about you.” And before Steve thought that his blush couldn’t get any deeper, Happy continued, “And let me tell you something, if someone knows everything about the boss’ conquests, that would be me, don’t think Pepper knows everything about the boss; I’ve drove enough times to his Malibu mansion way too early in the mornings with the specific instructions of going to take boss’, let’s call them ‘party friends’, back home.
“What do you care how I smell, you jerk?” Tony asked as if offended, “it’s not like I sleep with you or anything.”
That was when Steve noticed that Tony was still shirtless with his pants barely buttoned and low on his hips. Then he looked at himself and the super soldier blushed even harder than before. Steve had apparently hadn't care that he put his boxers on instead of his pants in the heat of their argument, and it was the only thing covering him right then.
Anthony was barely minutes away from his destination when he heard the howling of what he fervently hoped was a trained, hunting dog, but knew in his brilliant mind that it was most likely a hungry wolf. If fate hated him —and it usually does
“I noticed,” Steve agreed easily. “But at least he’s willing to talk; that’s something.”
“… Tony.” Steve couldn’t feel guiltier, especially because he
His desire to punch and possibly kill the man was unbearable, but Steven was aware of what could happen if the lord was proven right.
“I’m sure she’ll fall for your charms eventually, Bucky.”
at the pregnant silence that followed Rogers' appology. He held his breath until Tony finally responded.
“Am I sensing some sarcasm somewhere in between those words?” James asked bumping his fist lightly on Steven’s shoulder, “Because if there is, you’re doomed to work by yourself all day, let me tell you.”
Annoyed at his team's antics, Tony ordered Jarvis to let them in.
“But we can’t leave him with that psycho!” Peter shouted out, turning his attention to said smirking psycho who was already safely at the door, “He’s going to get
“Step aside,
“You’re better than you think, though. But I’m not defending you to yourself; I have to do enough of that for you in front of other people,” the Colonel replied playfully. “You certainly are unpopular around the wrong crowd.”
“Bullshit!" Steve accused, raising his volume even more, "You couldn’t be more in love with me even if you tried!”
“Hey! I resent that!” Tony complained while playfully trying to push him away. Steve only held on tighter regaining his smile. “I’m a perfectly pliable person when I want to be.”
“He was pissed that I was going out with a national icon that ‘probably just have a crush on me’. I told him that his lack of faith in me was insulting.” He scoffed. “I can’t believe that he actually told you directly to leave me alone or something. I was pretty clear when I told him to leave you alone.”
"What are you trying to say?"
“But you’re going to be crude–”
“Thank you, Happy. Really.”
frustrated as he had been at the start of this screaming contest, if not more.
“You shouldn’t be even thinking about dumping his sorry ass–”
“Captain,” He greeted while offering his hand for a shake and Steve shook it gladly. Here was the last friend of Tony’s who, the three together, meant a great part of  the genius’ world  and he hadn’t even tried to threaten Steve yet, which was always a plus. He was probably the one that he spend the most time with in comparison with the rest of Tony's friend since Pepper was always traveling for bussiness and Rhodes was on duty. Happy usually drove Tony and him to a lot of social events where they would pretend to go as friends.
Then he would continue following down the hierarchy of his lover’s favourites and work on Dummy, a German Black Forest foal, then You, a Dominant White horse and lastly Butterfingers, an imported Irish Sport steed; not that the last one wasn’t loved, but the blonde horse did tend to make Anthony fall quite a lot, even though he was more social than Dummy, who was only interested in Anthony and got jealous of Vision all the time. Why Dummy was higher ranking in the affections of the prince than You, who was truly efficient, only Anthony knew.
In contrast with his former captors, Thug-number-one proved to be a thinker when he stuck Tony’s back to his chest in an effective judo keylock and he didn’t lose any second to put a gun on his temple with clear intent as he took the safety off and quickly covered his back to the wall. It was insane the amount of precaution they got over an injured human with his hands still tied behind his back, he should be flattered, really. All the punching and yanking around had made him dizzy and this hostage thing was becoming tiresome
That was
“Bates,” he returned, walking calmly where Bucky and Peter were standing. It seemed that the situation demanded them to stand over an invisible line that seemed to mark the limit of how close they could get to Tony without ‘Bates’ blowing his brains out. Bates is
“Tony, he is
Tony realizes that Steve got him hexed and he's ready to do what he does best: to not cooperate.
“Wait a second! How do I know if your vial was the real deal?”
A little exasperated by the subtle doubt reflected in Tony's words, Steve pulled Tony closer with a sigh, but with a happy smile, "I'll take it." He knew better than to look a gift horse in the mouth.
“Steve, stop right there. You’re a horrible liar. Really, I know that Captain America isn't expected to lie and all that, but seeing you try is painful.” Tony stated, cutting his stuttering. “What did Rhodey say to you?”
Steve had naïvely thought that he could get this done without having to explain himself; the fewer that knew about this, the better. Tony's and his problems were theirs and only theirs. However, Wanda was making a solid point and he knew he had no right to be demanding privacy when he was asking huge favours. This may even be a perk of finding Wanda instead of the doctor. He could only imagine the horrors of trying to explain love issues to the wizard.
“What about them? They were dispatched appropriately.”
"You better get back to me. I don't like this,Tony." Pepper said and hung up.
"Steve..."
Minutes ticked by as he worked until he heard something behind him. He spun at the noise, raising his repulsors to see four smoke covered people coming behind him with hands raised.
“You go and fix the big shit, we’ve got the people, my buddy is on the corner on the phone, he’s got ambulances on their way but it’s going to take forever with the traffic. Mark where you find people you can’t move.”
T'Challa's stealth jet hovered just off the edge of the RAFT. Storm clouds gathered overhead, rain and ocean spray mixed and visibility was down to just a few steps ahead of him. In the pitch black it was impossible to see where -the RAFT  ended and miles of ocean began.
“Rhodey, I need backup where the hell is Vision?”
"Now, that's a conversation starter," Tony quipped as he walked past him and opened the front door. Ross stormed in behind him, barely holding in his rage. "Care for a drink, Ross, you look a little stressed around the edges. Pepper swears by this Kale and beet juice smoothie. Friday probably has the recipe, might help with that complexion of yours, it's looking a little blotchy today."
A shout carried from the door behind them as Steve jumped onto the open platform. "Take us out!" He yelled to the pilot.
“There are three in that room over there, it should hold up but I can’t guarantee--”
He turned down the wrong hallway. A door opened in front of him and the sound of pounding feet behind caught up. Pain lanced across the back of his head, his breathing came in short harsh gasps as he threw all of his might into a punch taking down the people in front of him.
Tony felt the edges of panic settle about him. He couldn’t risk Steve at the compound, nor in New York, that'd be courting trouble. Overseas was obviously too far, so his places there were out. Malibu was usually under the gimlet eye of Ross or one of his cronies. That left one place, one awful place.
Tony blinked twice. "Who the hell wants me to go to Canada?"
"Tony, I can answer your questions but time isn't on Rogers’ side here."
It seemed that Anthony
“He was just upset because he was the one who found me almost death in the desert, Steve.” Tony stated, trying to defend his friend a little. “He was pretty upset that you thought that the suit was some kind of toy for my entertainment when I built it to escape a facility where I was being tortured for kicks. I guess he took it personal.”
