Dean gulped. He had just realized that Cas was lying on top of him and he was naked as well. The feeling of another thick, hard cock rubbing against his own was foreign, and yet it felt as though something had slotted into place. A feeling of content washed over him and Dean shuddered.
“You’re at your most fertile for twenty-four hours after the Bond is activated.”
.  He didn’t even consider the fact that people’s facial features could be so distorted by a mask that covered the mouth and nose, until he met
Now that he and his angel were joined in the most intimate of ways, Dean couldn't remember any of his former reservations. All he cared about was Cas.
are.”
“Dean,” Cas’ voice was almost a whisper as it came through the phone.
talk about my brother going to Pound Town with the most annoying angel in the garrison,” Dean grumbled.
“No.  No worries,” Dean said. He moved to the side and skirted the edge of the wall, allowing Cas access to the mailboxes. “I should go.  It was good to see you again, Cas.”
“Cherry.”
Out of the corner of his eye, amongst the sea of cakes, Dean could see Cas standing stock still, watching him.  Now that they were alone, Dean suddenly felt all sorts of nerves creeping through him.
It felt as though his heart was physically swelling and he pushed the automatic reflex of ‘probably a heart attack’ back and allowed the pure joy to wash over him. “Yeah, Cas,” Dean said. “I’d really...love that.”
To his embarrassment, Dean whimpered and nodded. Fuck, he wasn’t lying—he did love it. He wanted to have Cas’ dick up his ass all the time. One fucking round and he was addicted to angel cock.
Jo’s mother, Ellen, smiled at their antics before touching them both lightly on the shoulder and raising her eyebrows in a silent question. When Dean nodded at her, Ellen stood straight and addressed the crowd.
WARNINGS: More violence and death.  Just FYI.
.  Fuck, that was such a sexy thought—one that Dean had never considered. Being made Castiel’s was a heady feeling and all Dean could do was nod frantically before Cas’s lips were on his.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My good boy,” Cas murmured between leaving his marks. “What a good boy you are for me, Dean. You ride my cock like you were born for it. You like it don’t you,” Cas grunted. “You love having a big cock up your ass, don’t you, Dean.”
Dean was well and truly screwed. He had a sneaking suspicion that he was going to have some sleepless nights because of that voice. It’d be worth it.  “I really am sorry,” he managed finally. “I’m just in a rush, I’ve got an appointment.”
Dean’s breath caught at the admission.  Before he could respond, Cas was moving. Suddenly,telling Cas how he felt took a backseat to the fact that he was arching beneath the angel as intense pleasure wracked his body. Holy
Dean glanced up to see Gabriel hovering over his shoulder with a pretty terrifying look on his face.  “Mr. Winchester,” Gabriel ground out. “Is there a problem here?”
With a snap and a rustle of feathers, Sam and Gabriel disappeared—off to who knows where. Probably Sam’s bedroom. Christ, he hoped they kept things down. There were some parts of his brother’s life that he
There was a loud burst of applause and a few cheers at Adler’s opening words.  Sam absently clapped his hands together a few times. He located Charlie and Jo easily, sitting amongst the rest of the guests.  Charlie was smiling brightly and clapping with enthusiasm. Jo looked like she wanted to stab herself with the salad fork.
“Then what the hell is going on?”
“We thought you were dead?” Sam spoke up.
“Whatever’s eating you, figure out how to deal,” Bobby said as he sat in his chair looking grumpy. “I don’t want you dropping me when you come by tomorrow, ya hear?”
?” Dean shouted, as Sam silently went pale.
“Cas I thought that you said we didn’t have much time.”
From here on out, this is going to be a rough ride, kiddos.  I will reiterate that this story is NOT MCD. Team Free Love is safe, but anyone else who has died in canon is fair game—so be prepared.
sorry, dude. He just jerked the leash out of my hand.”
*~*~*~*~*~*
“Then ride my cock, Dean.  Ride me until I cum. Show me how much you want me to breed you.”
to see him. Dean wrinkles his nose in contemplation. That sounded a lot like a crush, and he hadn’t even managed to get the guy’s name.
*~*~*~*~*
As he reached the front, and took his future husband’s hands, Dean looked out over the small gathering—their closest friends and family.  Bobby and Charlie were right in the front, beaming at the two of them with affection and pride. Next to them were two empty chairs with signs on them.  It had been Castiel’s idea, and Dean was thrilled that he’d suggested it.
No one knew what had set Juliet off, but thankfully Crowley had snatched her up and was holding her to his chest. The shorter man was cradling his little hell beast and murmuring to her. “That was very naughty my little duchess.  Why would you be so mean to your friend Rumsfeld, sweet girl?”
“Jesus, Crowley,” Dean grunted as he walked toward Rum, who was cowering next to Bobby’s chair. His paw was raised as though he didn’t want to put any pressure on it and Dean could see a trickle of blood.
Also, BAMF!Novaks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Things always get worse before they get better...
“Just like our baby will be,” Cas said.
Gabriel pursed his lips and gave a quick nod.  He leaned down and growled into Dean’s ear. “You’re being a fucking distraction!  Making a damn scene! And I’m not going to have you cost me my job just because you’re being a fucking douche right now.”
“A what now?” Dean said, his eyes narrowing.
“Okay, let’s go.”  Dean clipped the leash on Rum, but the giant hound wouldn’t move. Rolling his eyes, Dean scooped the massive dog into his arms with a grunt and carried him out to the car. “You’re such a drama queen Rum.”
Gabriel has a sense of humor, the bad guys are moving into place, and Sam is a terrible liar.
Dean groaned as Cas nodded and put a hand on his shoulder. “Let’s leave them to it. What about some food? I need to keep you and our baby well sustained.”
“No,” Samandriel said. “If you had mated anyone but him, then the partial bond he already had placed on you would have twisted his grace until he fell. Once human, then he would have died, yes. But since you have mated him, all is well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Again, Samandriel looked horrified. “You wish to divest yourself of this sacred, heavenly bond?”
“Keep a sharp eye,” came Bobby’s voice in his head.
He could feel Gabe’s fingers grip his shoulder tight enough that it ached and he winced.  “Here,” Gabriel shoved a ring of silver keys into his hand under the table. “Down the hall, last door on the left is my office.  Go in there and cool the fuck off.  I’m not kidding.  Don’t come back until you’re ready to be a fucking adult.”
“Fertilize,” Sam whispered.
So here they were, wandering around the main exhibit hall of the city’s museum wearing suits and ties and horribly uncomfortable shoes.  As far as Dean was concerned, the only good thing about this whole situation was that there was an open bar. When they first arrived, he had made straight for it, hoping that a strong spirit would make this whole night a little more bearable.  Cas had tried to cut him off after three and asked him not to make a scene.
“Gross,” Sam shook his head, concentrating on the design. Finally he sat up and looked at Dean. “I’m pretty sure that they’re both Enochian, but I can’t make out what they say. Gabe’s been teaching me some, but it’s harder than I anticipated.”
“Yeah, that’s fine, I get it,” Dean smiled.
“Yeah,” Dean said breathily.
(See the end of the chapter for
His angel had picked up the pace and was grunting in Dean’s ear as he fucked him.  The strong, deep thrusts hit that perfect spot every damn time and Dean was moaning and sobbing Cas’ name.  Who knew that being fucked felt so amazing. He was almost regretful that he’d never done it before, though he knew that he was so grateful that Castiel was his first.
Raking his hands down his face, Dean groaned. “So we have to get knocked up by angels?  That’s what’s going on here?  Are you kidding me?”
As the person turned, just in time to see a giant hound launching for them, Dean realized it was Mr Blue Eyes.  Not only was the guy haunting Dean’s dreams, but now his second impression was about to go downhill...literally.  Blue Eyes was standing on the edge of the parking lot as Rumsfeld jumped, and there was a slight incline behind them.  The two were going to roll down the hill into the drainage ditch!
Cas nodded. “I have a background in large animal veterinary medicine,” he said. “But I do prefer working with people’s pets. My practice is for most small animals. I do get the occasional rabbit, bird or snake on top of the dogs and cats.”  He paused for a moment, “My brother, Gabriel, runs an alpaca rescue just outside of town and I do the veterinary work for him, but he’s my only large animal client.”
“Yeah.”  Dean hated how breathy he sounded. Jesus. This wasn’t some Swazye movie!
As he turned to leave, Cas said, “Wait.  Dean, stop.”
“Well, perfect then,” Dean said. “We can make all of this go away.”
“Damn, you nailed it. You are perfect, Cas.”
patiently. But he
(See the end of the chapter for
!  Sex had never felt like this.
.  It was so much more than his wildest fantasies and they hadn’t even made it to the good part yet.
Cas finds a bee, Dean finally comes face to face with Barty, and Gabe is a secret badass...
“Dean,” Crowley’s voice broke through his silly train of thought.
“He...
Bobby’s nearest neighbor was a snarky British man named Crowley.  He had a weird sort of love/hate relationship with Bobby, and the sentiment was mirrored in their dogs. Rumsfeld was a big hound, but mostly docile.  Crowley’s dog, Juliet, was a miniature pinscher, and quite possibly the meanest little thing ever created. Of course, Crowley loved her more than anything and brought her with him wherever he went.
.  “He would probably enjoy my brother and his endeavors then.”
Pointing to their chests, Samandriel said, “Those marks are called Locks of Fate. They indicate that you have mated yourself to an angel.”
Boyle walked confidently up to the stage and worked his way to Adler’s side.  The two men shook hands and said something that the microphone didn’t pick up.  Zachariah stepped a few feet away and smiled as Boyle took his place at the podium.  “Thank you all so much for joining us tonight!”
“Thank fuck for small favors then.  What the hell
“My pleasure.”
The door suddenly opened to reveal Bobby, dressed in an old moth eaten suit, trying to look put out, but failing miserably. He stepped aside to reveal an embarrassed looking Sam and a smirking Gabriel.  “Where have you two been?” Castiel asked sternly. “We were supposed to start fifteen minutes ago.”
Warnings for Violence
Crowley also happened to be Bobby’s physician and would occasionally stop by for house calls, despite the lockdown. He excused it by saying that he was checking in on his favorite patient, but Dean knew that it was most likely a combination of loneliness and the fact that the sassy doctor was just a little bit infatuated with Bobby Singer.
.’  He didn’t really know Castiel all that much, he couldn’t be jealous. Could he?
perfect. Just like you.”
What?  Dean’s eyes flew open and locked onto Castiel. “I heard that.  I heard you, inside of my head, Cas.”
Once inside his room, Dean locked the door behind him and leaned against it to look at Castiel. Even before this whole bonding crap, he’d been fascinated by his angel—and it was mutual. Sammy had brought up the staring enough times that Dean had finally noticed; not that it kept him from continuing.
*~*~*~*~*~*
The tip of Cas’ thick cock began to push against the muscle and Dean knew that it was now or never.  He made his decision.  “Come on, Cas,” he said. “Put it in—fuck me!”
Sam’s eyes darted down to his own chest and saw a golden medallion seared into his sternum as well.
By the time that the lockdown became official, it was still freezing in Sioux Falls.  Snow, combined with icy winds, meant that whenever Dean left his apartment to go to the grocery store, or grab his mail, he was bundled up from head to toe.  The mask was a must, seeing as he was still in contact with his Uncle Bobby for the time being. There was no way that he was risking Bobby’s health.  The mask was a necessity.
“What are
“Fuck, Cas.  I love this. I love
“What is that?” Sam asked, leaning forward to eye Dean’s chest.
The heat between them increased and they were soon full on making out, which had a giggle bubbling up in Dean’s chest. He hadn’t done this shit since high school.  The frantic kisses, wandering hands, and desperate rutting against another person was something he thought that he’d left behind in his youth.  But here he was, a grown man in his thirties, dry humping, and knowing that while he wanted so much more, this was still enough—because it was
Sam glared at him. “You put out an open prayer?  What is wrong with you?”
The only thing that Dean
Their lips touched once more, almost a chaste peck, before Castiel stepped back and held the door of his apartment wide. “Please come in Dean,” he said. “I have the third season of ‘Dr Sexy, MD’ cued up, a bottle of whiskey that I stole from Gabriel, and a pie in the oven.”
Discreetly, Sam touched his earpiece and said, “All good here so far,” under his breath.
Dean is nosy, Crowley shows his face, and Gabriel leaves a trail of breadcrumbs...
A flash of movement distracted Sam.  The attractive woman who had been glued to Richard Roman’s side all night stood up from her table and walked quickly toward a side door.  No one, except Roman, seemed to pay her any mind. Something felt off in Sam’s gut. He frowned and made eye contact with Victor who was a few feet away.  Agent Henrickson nodded at him and turned to follow the woman out of the main area.
“Dean,” he began in that deep, sexed up voice. “I was wondering…”
“Aww,” Dean chuckled and scratched Rum behind the ears. “You’re gonna have the Cone of Shame, Buddy.”
“Totally,” Gabe winked.
“One of my many talents,” Dean snarked.  He was getting progressively more pissed off as each minute ticked by.
The hot fluid burst deep in Dean’s ass, coating him, and breeding him. It was almost as though he could tell. Castiel’s seed made Dean’s whole body feel warmer and something shifted. He was still coming himself in short dribbles, and he rocked his hips as he came, milking more from Cas.  He wanted all of his angel.
Short and sweet little epilogue...
“Charming,” he heard Crowley mutter.
Samandriel stepped closer and placed his hand over Sam’s chest.  The medallion lit up with obvious celestial light for a moment, almost blinding the Winchesters.  When Samandriel removed his hand he smiled faintly saying, “You have been truly blessed, Sam Winchester.  You have been claimed by Heaven’s highest being, the archangel Gabriel.  Now I see why he was so jovial this morning—he has been in love with you for many years.”
“Hey there, Cas,” Dean smiled at the man who was exactly six feet from him. “I didn’t see you there.”
All Hell Has Broken Loose...
A rare, bright smile graced Cas’ lips at Dean’s words and it affected him more than he wanted to admit. They gazed into each other’s eyes for a few moments before Dean cleared his throat and said, “How
“Cas!”
Dean gaped as he stepped inside. “You’re not real, are you, Cas?  There’s no way someone is this perfect.”
A timer dinged and as Dean spun toward it, he caught sight of the table practically ready to collapse under the weight of a plethora of elaborate cakes. When he finally focused on the noise, however, he was beyond pissed to discover that
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were in love,” Bobby mused. “But that would be crazy, wouldn’t it?”
“Gabriel,” Cas sighed. “Please try not to ruin this.”
It was Dean’s great pleasure to remove it before they began.
There was another faint pop and the sound of collective raised voices.  Dean pulled on the door just as his cell phone began to ring. It was Castiel’s custom sound.  Dean fumbled with his pockets and pulled the phone out, looking blankly at the screen for a split second.  Cas’ name and picture were flashing at him. Dean pressed the green button on the screen and the call came to life.
Okay, maybe he cared about the fact that he had a dick up his ass and he wasn’t being fucked.  That was going to have to be remedied—and fast.
“Cas,” he said loudly.
They had decided that they both wanted to walk down the aisle and have their brothers give them away, so to speak. Cas and Gabriel went first, the two of them speaking quietly as they moved to the front of the small clutch of chairs set up for the guests. Dean was certain that Cas was giving his older brother a lecture on punctuality, and he grinned and shook his head fondly.
cared what others thought of him.
Also, I cried a bit when I wrote Bobby saying Kim’s saying of “Kick it in the ass.”
“What time did we get in last night?”
“I simply healed you enough that you wouldn’t feel intense pain, but that you would still know that I’d taken you.”  Cas shrugged. “I also sealed my release inside of you so as to make sure you fall pregnant with my nephil.”
“Yes, Dean?”
“Sam!”
“Excellent,” Cas said. “I know that Rumsfeld has a tendency to lick, so I also recommend a cone for a few days.”
“I thought that Cassie explained everything, Dean-o,” Gabriel said, setting the cake down to cool. “At least, that was what he was supposed to do.”
His ass was screaming, but at the same time, Dean was wishing for more. Above him, Cas was still, his arms braced against the mattress next to Dean’s head.  The cock inside of his virgin hole seemed to be pulsing in time with Dean’s heart. It was so strange, yet comforting. As though he and Cas were finally,
He didn’t bring his mask.
worth it. Even better, the blush was at contrast with the absolutely possessive look in the angel’s eyes.
The harder he bounced on Cas’ cock, the more he moaned and the faster Cas stroked Dean’s own dick. “Cas,” he gasped. “I’m gonna—I’m gonna—I—“
“I have no doubt,” Cas agreed. “Finish your pie, Dean.  You’re eating for two after all.”
Cas watched him, as he shrugged off that stupid trench coat that Dean had come to love.  When Cas turned and began to walk toward him, loosening his tie, Dean’s mouth went dry. How could something so innocuous pull him apart this easily?
“Woah,” Dean held up his hands and thought about bolting, but the look on Cas’ face stopped him. “I don’t think anyone is ready for kids just yet, Cas. We can slow down.”
“Dude, the
But what Dean really noticed was the electric blue of the stranger’s eyes. The only piece of his face that was truly visible, and they were
They gazed at one another over their masks for a moment before Cas cleared his throat and said, “I should look at Rum.”
“Sammy’s going to get pregnant?” Dean wrinkled his nose.
know that.  But Dean was more inclined to stay locked in his soon-to-be brother-in-law’s office for the time being.  At least until the guest of honor left for the night. He thought back to his time with Bartholomew and knew that the other man never stayed long, even at his own events.  Dean figured he had another twenty minutes or so until the speeches were done and he’d be safe to come out without running into his ex again.
“That’s why I have my own personal translator in Cas.”
“Your brother is correct,” Cas said, but he didn’t elaborate on
At least not until he saw the medallion.
Dean’s breath caught and he felt his hands trembling. “I am free,” he croaked. “I am so free right now. Nothing going on at all.”
Dean stomped around the small bed and breakfast that they had rented out for the day as he fumed. Today was the day that he and Castiel were finally getting married.
It took a moment, as he fumbled with his key—it always stuck oddly in the slot, but he couldn’t be bothered to request a new one. Pulling out the stack of mail with a grimace, Dean internally groaned at the return address of the first envelope. It was another bill for Bobby’s latest lab work.
That intense gaze was scrutinizing, until the corners around the guy’s eyes relaxed a fraction and he said, “Don’t mention it,” in a deep, gruff tone.
“Wait, so there are other ‘dead’ angels running around?  Who?”
“What to a
“You could never hurt me, Cas. Not really. I’m yours.”
“Where the hell are they?”
Dean took a small step back in confusion.  “You know Rum?”
All the pieces are in place for what will turn out to be a very dangerous evening...
At this point, Dean was beyond furious.  He didn’t understand how Cas could brush his feelings off in such a way.  He wanted to go back to the event, grab his boyfriend by the lapels of his suit and shake him.  But now was not the time, or the place. He would wait, bide his time. They could figure this all out after they were home and both of them had time to cool off.  He silently thanked Gabriel for allowing him the use of his office to just get away from it all for a moment. He knew that if he had stayed there surrounded by people, an open bar, and the last words Cas had said, things would end badly.  He didn’t want to say something he would regret in the morning.
When Dean saw Castiel for the third time it was two days after Rum had gone home.  He was in the lobby of the apartment building getting his mail. There were signs tacked all over the walls encouraging residents to maintain a six foot distance from one another, but Dean wasn’t paying them any mind since he was the only person there.
Victor makes a discovery, Gabriel is a stone cold badass, and Dean gets word out to Bobby.
—more.
Dean had been running late, he had to gas up his car and get over to Bobby’s in order to drive his uncle to a doctor’s appointment, and he was rushing. When the elevator doors opened, he’d barreled out without looking and crashed directly into another person. They both tumbled to the ground with twin grunts from the momentum.
They spoke of everything and nothing all at once. Sometimes their conversations were deep and probing.  Questions of belief systems or moral codes; whether they were alone in the universe, among other things. Other times, they spoke of favorite books or tv shows. Dean might have made a super manly squealing sound when Cas admitted his guilty pleasure was ‘Dr Sexy, MD.’  And he absolutely didn’t fall asleep that night fantasizing about marathoning his favorite show with Cas cuddled up at his side. He didn’t do that.
Dean took the first bite and moaned around his fork. “Cas,” he said after he swallowed. “It
“I’m sure your brother tricked Sam into doing something dumb,” Dean said.
“Great, let's go,” Dean said, thankful that Cas was allowing him to walk instead of angel zap to his own digs.
“Of course I was drinking,” Sam sounded confused. “Are you okay?”
“It’s Samandriel,” the angel corrected.
“Hold up,” Dean finally spoke. “Was all of this supposed to be a secret?  Were you and Gabriel trying to manipulate us?  Play us?
“You let him talk to you that way,” Bartholomew commented.
?  Dean wasn’t a fan of whatever the fuck was happening.
“I...mated
need to know about.
Dean dipped his head in acknowledgment before turning back to the man he was about to marry.  “I love you, Cas,” he whispered.
“Knowing the language of angels could save our lives one day.”
Suddenly Dean was naked and he had no idea how it had happened. The weirdest part was that his ass felt different. His hole felt loose and there was the vague sensation of burning mixed with something cool and wet. “What?”
to be your mate, Cas—I just,” he sighed. “This is coming out of nowhere for me. I don’t remember what happened last night.”
“You did,” Cas’s tone was low and it sounded muffled.  “Dean, there are three of them. They—“
graced with the presence of an angel. Unfortunately, it wasn’t Castiel.
“Is he okay?” Bobby asked, concerned.
“Yes,” Castiel nibbled along Dean’s jaw and flicked a thumb over the sensitive slit in Dean’s dick. “Come for me, Dean.  Come for me, and I’ll fill you up with my seed.”
“Yeah, whatever—lets just get out of here!”
“You were not,” Gabriel countered.
A beat, and then two. Seconds ticked by as Dean took in the brightness of Cas’ eyes, losing himself once more in their clarity. They looked even better today than they had on the day they’d met. Dean wondered what the rest of Cas’ face looked like. “I should go,” Dean said reluctantly.
“You will sanitize everything once you’re finished?” Castiel asked blandly.
Cas leaned down to kiss him sweetly before helping Dean off of the bed.  In the blink of an eye, they were dressed again, Dean in comfortable flannel pants and a soft grey shirt; while Cas was back in his holy tax accountant attire. Somehow, it didn’t look so nerdy on the angel now—it looked...
I like Dean with no shoes ala John McClane in Die Hard.
(See the end of the chapter for
wanted to see the man again. He’d give just about
When the coronavirus began to spread, Dean Winchester deleted all of his dating profiles.
“I was expelled from The Empty with several others when the rift that Gabriel made upon his return wasn’t closed by the entity fast enough.”
Dean screwed up his face in thought for a moment before grinning. “I want key lime pie,” he said. “From Key West.”
He was babbling and Castiel knew it. “I’m in apartment three fifteen,” Cas blurted.  Dean was out the door before Cas had finished his sentence.
“Nope,” Dean’s lips popped around the word.  “You dragged me here. And now you’re going to lie in the bed you made with your hands.”  He saw Crowley glance at him in confusion. “Lay down in your bedding blankets…on your bed,” Dean tried again.  “Whatever, Cas. You wanted to be here, so deal with it.”
“I don’t know, Dean.”
“Oh...I was.”
“Most likely,” Cas calmly agreed.
Meeting number seven, wasn’t pretty, but it ended well.
“Take a look at this.”  Dean tapped his fingers on the medallion, making a small sound that had Sam sitting straight up in bed.
“Or, if you just wanted to...talk,” Cas said, his eyes boring into Dean’s.
“Dean,” Cas snapped at him.  He was using his super serious, royally pissed off voice.  Dean knew that Castiel was fuming and he tried to remember if he cared.  He was so angry that they were even here. He was mad that Cas had sort of forced him into attending this event, all in the name of ‘moving on.’  He couldn’t remember why he had let Cas talk him into this because it was a stupid fucking idea. Deep down, he could register that he was being a complete asshole, but he childishly wanted to punish Cas for the entire situation.  Bartholomew’s words were cutting him to his very core. He was just lashing out to protect himself.
“Yes,” Cas said aloud, still moving inside of him. “Now that we have sexually bonded we can communicate through our thoughts as well.  You will get used to it in time.”
In all of his years, (which were nothing compared to a celestial being), Dean had never felt so
The weeks turned into months, and finally, one day, the restrictions on contact were relaxed. Dean didn’t jump right in, though he desperately wanted to.  He waited.  Patiently. Well, not
now that he had more perspective, because Dean Winchester
“I don’t know,” Sam groaned and sunk back down into his nest.
They were walking around the outside of the apartment in the small patches of snow covered grass, so that Rumsfeld could do his business, when suddenly the dog barked loudly and took off. He was surprisingly quick and the leash was out of Dean’s hands before he could blink.
“Dean.”  The sound of his own name in that rough voice made his knees quake. “I’d imagined what you would look like,” Cas said.  “But I didn’t do you justice.  Dean, you are simply
“I take it this means something to you? Do you understand that reference?”
He takes a deliberate sip from his mug while he walks back into the shop and Dean knows damn well he’s not going to see that cup of coffee unless he gets it himself.
Dean watches her go and when he turns back again to face Cas, he’s got a slight but fond grin on his face. “She’s lovely.”
Dean decides to ignore it and gets to work on the emails, but more than once he catches himself stealing glances at the man in the hoodie. Sometimes the guy’s mindlessly running his thumb along the edges of the book, making a soft whirring sound with the pages, and other times he’s eerily still. One thing’s for sure though, he hasn’t read a single sentence.
“We totally struck out. We found absolutely no one. Seriously. Not one guy for you, but Jo found lots of guys. They wanted to smoosh her face because she’s pretty.” Jess falls into another fit of laughter.
Dean catches his voice in his throat before he does the embarrassing thing and calls out from across the restaurant. Instead, he takes a step in their direction and as he does so, Cas glances up and their eyes meet. It might be his imagination, but he swears he sees Cas’s smile widen and his shoulders relax. As Dean approaches, he puts his arm around Ellen’s shoulder in an attempt to exude a cool indifference. “Everything okay over here?” He smiles sweetly at Ellen and then turns to Cas and gives him a grin.
Dean can’t help but to laugh at the simplistic, straightforward response. “That may be so, but business has far exceeded Bobby and Ellen’s expectations, and I think your words might have had at least a little something to do with that.”
“Nice?! Mama, that was INCREDIBLE! That article just put you on the map! It was pure gold!” Jo is out of her seat with excitement and throws her arms around Ellen, hugging her tightly.
“This might surprise you, but I can actually manage not to be a dumbass on occasion.”
Aside from whatever noises Jess is making, the ride is silent for all of two minutes before Sam speaks up. “So. Did you really turn down that Stacy girl?”
Dean can tell Sam a thousand times over that Lisa doesn’t matter to him anymore, but what he doesn’t know how to tell Sam is that he’s… well, he’s
“Wait.”
“You allergic to shellfish or something?” Dean asks.
“Well, it was nice meeting you, Cas.” Dean steps backwards, heading in the opposite direction, putting his hand up in a meager attempt at a wave.
The man leaves as quickly as he showed up, but he doesn’t walk out the door - he just vanishes. Dean swears he hears the sound of wings.
“That’s quite a distance.”
“Yeah. That’s a good idea. I’ll call an Uber and then come back tomorrow to pick up my car.” It seems that Sam is also only just realizing the state he’s in.
“Well I think we should celebrate properly, what do you guys think?” Sam asks the room. Dean shoots Jess a look of shock and she smiles, raising her eyebrows and shrugging her shoulders, and Dean can read her unasked question -
From the opposite end of the counter, he hears a familiar southern drawl coming from the man standing behind it. He didn’t know Benny was working tonight. Hell, he didn’t know Benny was back in town - he’s been in Louisiana visiting his family for the past few weeks. A damn call would’ve been nice.
“Sort of. I guess.”
Castiel shrugs and keeps playing with the sand. “Haven’t really been here long enough to make up my mind on that just yet. Moving to a new place can be very… lonely, but this is a big city with a lot to do.” He seems timid now as he’s speaking.
“That ain’t a suggestion, boy. That rain’s about to roll in overhead right quick and there's sure to be lightning along with it. You gotta death wish or somethin’?”
“You grew up in San Seton?” Steve asks, setting down his sandwich and turning to face Dean for the first time since he approached him.
“No, no. Not mine…” Dean cuts him off, not wanting Cas to worry, “...but I do know the owners. They’re family. I’m just here lending a hand, but I don’t work here in any official capacity.” Dean sees Cas let out a relieved breath. “Why don’t I show you to your seat?”
A few weeks pass and Dean has nearly all but forgotten about Sebastian and his blue-eyed owner… mostly. Tonight, at least, any lingering thoughts of Castiel are miles away.
is your new job? To write for
“Hey there,” he begins, standing next to the stranger.
“No reason. He stopped by the shop just as I was closing up and thought he might’ve been headed this way, is all.” It’s mostly true.
“No. You won’t. You’ll get soaked and you’ll freeze. This storm that’s coming in ain’t a joke, and I know I’m a total stranger and if you want me to drop you off someplace where you feel safe, that’s fine. Just let me take you somewhere. Anywhere that has a roof, at least.”
“I don’t normally shop here.” Cas’s words spill out in an unnatural rush, as if they were over-rehearsed.
“I did, thank you. I meant it when I told Ellen that this place is amazing. I think that she and Bobby will be very successful.”
Dean looks up to find Cas, standing just a little too closely and encroaching upon his personal space. His first instinct is to take a step back and put some distance between them, but he finds that his feet stay firmly planted. Maybe he’s thrown off balance a little, too, because he even leans in towards Cas ever so slightly. Dean gets himself in check. Their eyes lock.
Dean eventually makes his way over to Ellen and Bobby’s place and enjoys an evening of pizza, beer, games, and laughter so rich that it makes his gut hurt. Ellen and Bobby head out early to get to the restaurant, but everyone else sticks around for several more hours.
“But… I can’t…” he hesitates.
“Thank you.”
“Art project. Kind of. Not mine, but...”
“Yeah, that’d be great. But you
It takes a moment for Cas to make eye contact again, but when he does, his response is soft and genuine. “Nobody owes me anything, Dean. I simply took my observations and opinions and typed them up for other people to read. I didn’t put in any of the hard work, or prepare the food, or invest the money. I just wrote some words about it.”
“You’re not the first one to give me that look. Listen, school is hard enough as it is, and some of these kids are already dealing with insane amounts of stress, which is stupid. In my classroom, I like to create an environment where they can express their creativity and hopefully have a little fun on occasion. So, yes, I encourage glitter usage. I don’t normally prefer it in my hair, but it’s a hazard of the job.”
. Not just blue, but a deep sapphire blue unlike anything he’s ever seen. Their gazes lock and Dean has to be the first to look away, it’s all he can do to keep from staring.
Dean can’t help but to think that he knows him.
He groans into his hands the moment Jo’s enthusiasm catches on with the rest of them. Jess wastes no time jumping in and scoping out candidates with Jo. The two pester him for his participation as Ash and Sam just sit back and take far too much pleasure in the fact that they are not currently the ones under the girls’ scrutiny.
Cas smiles as Dean grabs a menu and guides him over to a small table along the far right wall, directly opposite the bar at the back and right next to the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the busy city outside. Where the table is located, Castiel has a great view of the entire scene - he can stare out the window, watch Ash work his magic behind the bar, or he can take in the rest of the seating area and simply people watch.
“It’s just that...” Sam trips over his words, clearly not accepting Dean’s weak deflection. “You haven’t done the whole random hookup thing in a while and I--” His thought is cut short by Ash and the two women he’s with nearly crashing into their table in a fit of giggles.
A couple of young women walk in and Benny excuses himself to take their drink order. Dean settles in and enjoys his beer, the siren call of the weekend so close he can taste it in the way his cheeks tingle with the bitter stout. Feeling relaxed, he fishes his phone out of his front pocket and responds to a text from his little brother, one that’s been sitting unread since lunchtime. Sam, who’s currently attending Stanford on a full-ride scholarship, the brainiac, always makes sure he’s checking in on him. It gets annoying and though he won’t admit this to anyone, Dean wouldn’t want it any other way.
“Okay. Woah. You’re both assholes, you know that?” Dean acts offended, but there is no heat in his words and he nearly cracks a smile despite his best effort to look angry. Anyway, Ash isn’t exactly wrong. It
By round three, courtesy of Jess, the attention turns back to Dean as Jess sets his beer in front of him. “Aren’t you supposed to be sizing up the crowd, Dean? Or were you just milking us for drinks first?” She’s already a little tipsy, the lightweight, but she’s never needed alcohol to get snarky with Dean. She does that just fine all on her own.
Dean is not feeling it at all. “Nah man, I’m good. I’m still working on this one.” He pointedly nods to his unfinished beer as he attempts to peel away the girl’s arm from around his neck. Drunk and clingy. No thanks.
Ash reaches across the table, picks up Dean’s beer and downs it with impressive speed. He slams it back down on the table with a.
Alright, so Castiel is a man a few words. Dean can accept this challenge. It’s not like there’s anything keeping Castiel rooted to the sand and he doesn’t seem annoyed, so Dean keeps going.
“Castiel and Sebastian? That’s quite the set of names.” Dean says Castiel’s name slowly and enjoys the way it rolls off his tongue. It’s different and unique, pleasant. Castiel stares directly back at him and swallows before answering.
From on his back and hidden underneath the truck’s engine, Dean rolls his eyes at Bobby Singer, the owner of this old auto repair shop that he calls a business, but Dean knows better than to talk too much sass.
“Headed any place specific? Visiting family or something?”
“Oh. That guy. Yeah. Uh, about that… I randomly met him a few weeks back while I had Zaz out at the dog beach. It was no big deal but, turns out he’s an editor for
The last week of school before break went by in the blink of an eye. They texted a lot and had one more date on Friday afternoon during which Dean promised he would sneak out on Saturday to come say good bye.
Dean’s heart was beating so fast he could hear the blood rushing to his ears. He walked on auto-pilot to the living room. His father was seating in the armchair, a small flask in one hand.
He smiled.
“Y-yes.” Dean had tears in his yes.
But it had worked out. As Castiel had predicted, his mom was delighted. She thought it was a great idea, and assured him multiple times that it was really okay. Dean had been taken aback. He was usually considered “a bad influence”. And she was great about the whole gender thing too. She had made no comment whatsoever, and had asked no questions either. Dean was grateful about that.
“Well. Look who finally decided to join us. Care to explain yourself? You thought you were too good for P.E. maybe?”
“Yes. Yes, I’m fine. You’re sure you’re alright? You don’t look like it.”
“Then what was it?” He taunted.
Panic took hold of him. He needed to calm down. He walked to the nearby bathroom. It was empty. He locked himself in a stall and exhaled. Tears started rolling down his cheek, silently. He was taking short breaths, fighting back sobs. He didn’t need to be caught in the boys’ bathroom, having an anxiety attack.
“No, it’s not. And I will have my phone, for an hour, every evening.”
“And I know you’re not big on jewelry, but it was the only way I could think of for you to keep me with you, without other people knowing. I hid my name in it. It’s in the closing mechanism.”
Dean groaned, picked up his backpack near the door, slipped in his boots and ran after Sam. They arrived exactly on time, and Dean teased his little brother with a ‘told you so’ right before parting ways.
“Deanna Winchester? Absent again I guess. Well, too bad, I will have to report her to the principal. Again.”
“Good, me too.” Dean replied.
“No shit Sherlock. Ugh. Keep doing your homework, okay?”
“Yes.”
“Well, young lady, it has been brought to my attention that you have been skipping P.E. since you arrived here.”
“I thought I had told you to stop with that nonsense!” John shouted. “That if you wanted to fuckin’ stay under my roof, you had to obey my rules, and fuckin’ stop acting like that sick perverted kind! Didn’t I?” He screamed in his face.
He woke up disoriented, haggard, generally feeling like shit. It was night outside. His skin felt clammy and his mouth furry. A desk lamp was on but dimmed by a towel. He could see Sammy’s shadow moving around him on the walls. The chair creaked.
Dean didn’t get much sleep that night. His future felt uncertain. It felt made of thin air, ready to evaporate.
“It’s very important to leave belongings with your scent on it for your cats when you leave! I know the neighbor will come every day, but it’s not the same. She will be happy to snuggle my shirt and I know it- wait. You brought
He needed to be strong, not for him, but for his baby brother who had no one but him and yeah, maybe for now he couldn’t see that Dean was his brother, but he would, later. Dean was sure of that. He would love his brother deeply, and no one would be able to break that love. As a matter of fact, John wasn’t the one who would take care of him, neither was he going to be there for any of his children. But Dean was. Dean would be there no matter what would happen.
“I can’t believe it took us so long to have our first date.”
?” Dean covered his eyes and peeked through two fingers. “I thought you two were in your bedroom?  Like normal people.”
The tall, balding man began to fiddle with the mounted microphone on the podium seemingly unaware that most of the guests were watching him, waiting for the main portion of the evening to begin.  He tried to recall everything he had learned about Adler in the past month. Ever since the museum employee had popped up on their radar with his slightly shady email correspondence, Sam had been trying to commit every detail about the man to memory.  He knew that Adler was unmarried, and seemed to make much more money than was normal for a person with his position. He had multiple gambling debts and a flashy European car parked in his driveway. There was also something about the man’s face that made Sam’s stomach roll, but he couldn’t quite say what it was.
*~*~*~*~*~*
“Yes.  He says they amuse him.  He adopts them from petting zoos and auctions when they’re considered ‘too old’ so that they’re not put down.”
The new angle changed things and now, instead of that excruciating pleasurable tingle, Dean felt a mind-blowing sensation zap him. He clamped down with his ass, gripping Cas’ dick inside of him and screamed his angel’s name. The full name, not the shortened version that he always favored.
“Are you free now?”
wait. He gave it another two weeks before he couldn’t take the suspense any longer. When he called Castiel that night, it seemed as if the veterinarian had been waiting for this moment just as eagerly.
“I’m sure that Gabriel is explaining it to Sam as well in order to get on with their own bonding.”
The mask might look ridiculous, but it wasn’t like he was the only one running around with one. Most of the people that Dean encountered throughout the day were wearing one, and for that he was grateful.  Sure, they were confining, and the few times that he had to wear his reading glasses with one on, they fogged up, which was beyond irritating—but he refused to complain. Wearing a mask could be the thing that kept Uncle Bobby safe.
“What do you mean you don’t know, you were sober.”
At least the roads were slick enough to require concentration, and he didn’t think about the mysterious masked stranger until he was home and in bed. As he drifted off to sleep, his mind was filled with thoughts of sparkling blue eyes.
Sam lifted his head out of a mountain of pillows, a small bit of drool on his bottom lip.  “What?”
There was a drawn out and painfully awkward silence between them.  Cas stared at him without blinking, while Dean did his best not to fidget. “So, if we take this next step—“
The man in the doorway was
“I was hoping,” Cas cut himself off. “I mean,
The man’s eyes shifted and narrowed for a moment until Dean finished with, “My uncle Bobby needs to see the doctor and I’m the only one who knows how to drive the wheelchair van.”
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today…”
“Um, Cas?” Sam finally spoke, though his eyes were focused on Gabriel.  “He didn’t tell us much besides we were mates to angels and had to have babies?”
He heard the door shut quietly behind Henrickson and immediately put the whole thing out of his mind.  Victor would handle it. He concentrated on Adler who had finally adjusted the mic to his liking and was waving his hands to quiet the crowd.  “Good evening,” Zachariah said in a jovial voice. “I am so honored that all of you lovely people have chosen to ring in the New Year with us here tonight!”
“It’s fine, really,” the guy said. “I’m just happy that you’re doing something important and not just going out for no reason.”  He sighed deeply.  “Social distancing and limiting our time spent in public areas is very important.”  Before Dean could do anything more than nod, the man said, “Well, I won’t keep you.  Watch yourself on the road though—if you drive anything like how you exit an elevator it could be dangerous and I’d rather not see you in the hospital.”
“I said, I’ll call ahead and let them know you’re coming.  That way I can put my card on file for the treatment.”
. Dean had never seen eyes like Castiel’s. They just drew him in like a damn magnet and made him want to lose himself there.
“That’s quite a tolerance you have,” Charlie commented from across the table, fixing him with a look.
As the couple sat down with forks to eat the treat straight out of the container, a loud moan echoed down the hall that sounded suspiciously like Sam. Dean shook his head and forced himself to ignore it. “You know what?  That’s not even going to kill my appetite,” he told Cas. “Because this looks fucking perfect.”
who had apparently had the apartment before him, and a flyer for a discount on an oil change—as though he’d let someone else touch his car.  The very idea was ridiculous.
“Samandriel was there. He’d already explained.”
Super NSFW Sabriel complete with dirty talk.
Castiel tilted his head to the side as though he was considering the shortened version of his name. Apparently he didn’t mind the nickname because he didn’t comment on it. “I tend to move rather quietly,” Cas said after a beat. “You don’t want to make loud, sudden movements with a skittish animal.”
After Bobby’s accident, Dean had taken it upon himself to care for his wheelchair bound uncle—driving him to doctor’s appointments and helping around the house.  In all honesty, he really just used his apartment to sleep, and that was only because there wasn’t a spare room at Bobby’s any longer. The cramped bedroom that Dean had shared with his brother once upon a time had been converted into a physical therapy room.  Nowadays, Dean only crashed there when the snow was too deep for his ‘67 Impala to drive through.
“That’s it, kiddo,” Gabriel was saying as he fucked into Sam. “You’re doing great!  Almost there.  Fuck, you feel amazing!”
“Done.”
“An incomplete bond will kill the angel who initiated it.”
, that got to him. The praise, from his very own angel, settled in Dean’s very bones and he suddenly craved more. So much more. “Cas,” he said roughly. “I need…”
“Are you all right, Dean?”
“This isn’t like Sammy.”
The two reserved seats were for Jo and Victor—front row, exactly where they should be.
The odd part about his new ‘relationship’ with Cas, was that neither of them brought up using video calling. Dean wasn’t sure of Castiel’s motivation, but for him it was the simple fact that he wanted the first time he saw Cas’ face to be in person. He just
“Not possible,” Gabe said with a wink.  “Samshine was all about having my little winged bundles of joy last night.”
A few things in this fic are inspired by that episode where Mark and his lackeys take over a private bank and are outwitted by Michael Westen who makes it seem as though they’re just having bad luck.  It’s one of my fave episodes of that show.
“Oh, fuck, I’m really sorry.”  Those were the first words that Dean spoke to the man of his dreams.
“Stay out of this,” Cas growled at Boyle.  “Dean, perhaps we should leave.”
“Oh, yeah, of course,” Dean said, trying not to show his disappointment.
.  Bigger than he’d been expecting. Was he really going to do this?  Take an angel dick in the ass and let Cas get him pregnant?  Dean hadn’t even really considered the implications of
At the table that his brother had vacated, Boyle stood in one smooth movement and waved his arms to the crowd as they cheered him on.  Sam rolled his eyes at the display. These people had no idea what a fucking snake Bartholomew really was.  He had everyone around him fooled.  If only people really knew what Boyle was actually capable of...well, he wouldn’t be too popular, that was certain.
Dean carried Rum into an exam room where they were joined by a bubbly blonde named Becky, who’s voice set Dean’s teeth on edge. She asked multiple questions as she cleaned the wound and also made creepy comments about Dean’s muscle mass. She even implied that he would be hotter if he grew his hair out. Dean almost laughed at that—no way would he ever have long girly hair like Sammy. When she finally left, Cas looked Dean in the eyes and said, “I apologize for Becky.  She’s my father’s latest girlfriend, and I have to put up with her...oddness.”
“Our Father doesn’t approve, but Aunt Amara does. She wants to repopulate heaven with both angels and Nephilim.  Many of heaven’s angels have chosen human mates to bring back and fertilize so that we may grow our numbers.”
Dean blinked.  He hadn’t expected that.  “Um,” he couldn’t think of anything to say.
*~*~*~*~*~*
“Forgive me, Dean.”
“Yeah, Cas?”
“Ugh, you’re such a nerd.”
Dean knew that his response was an overreaction, slamming the tumbler of whiskey down on the table and glaring at Cas while hissing, “This is all your fault you know.”  Usually Cas just brushed off his moods, but tonight his lover had looked horribly stricken at Dean’s words. It was just Dean’s luck that they had ended up arguing loud enough for Gabriel to come over and separate them.  Dean knew that he would have to find a way to make it up to Gabe at some point. His and Cas’ scene may have cost Gabriel his job.
“Never mind,” Cas said. “We can deal with this later.  Just...go take your places.”
*~*~*~*~*~*
“Yes.”
“I found these two steaming up the windows in your ‘Just Hitched’ limousine,” Bobby said, trying to hide a grin. “Got quite an eyeful.”
He was bucking under Cas, his legs wrapped around his lover’s waist as Cas drove into him. Dean’s own dick was mashed between their stomachs and the friction was killing him. He pushed his hand down and managed to grip his own cock firmly, as Cas ravaged his ass.
For the rest of the day, Dean did all that he could to be helpful for his uncle through the doctor’s visit and again when they got home and began Bobby’s physical therapy. As they worked on stretching Bobby’s atrophied muscles, Dean kept up a steady stream of small talk that he hoped would fool the man who’d raised him. He knew it was a lost cause, but Bobby must have taken pity on him, because no word was uttered about Dean’s odd behavior until it was time for him to head home.
Smut, Spanking, Sex Toys
He knew that Sammy had to be just as upset as him, but he wasn’t acting like it. He was trying to calm Dean down and that wasn’t right. Before he could say anything, Cas reached out and pressed a finger to each of their foreheads. The world spun on its axis and they were suddenly in the Bunker’s kitchen where the smell of cake and icing were prevalent.
“Dean,” Dean said again, dumbly.
At least Sammy sounded apprehensive about the baby part. Dean would have freaked if Sam seemed happy about that bit.
“No!” Dean flinched as Cas’ face fell, betraying the angel’s sorrow. “I mean yes. No, I
Dean Winchester had been known to have a wild night on occasion. The kind where you drink yourself into a blackout and wake up with some sort of
It was horrifying.
“Okay buddy, I take back everything I’ve ever said about you being smelly and getting fur on Baby’s seats.  You’re a hell of a wingman.  I got his name.”  Dean patted the dog on the head and Rum gave a happy baying sound in response. “Castiel. His name is Castiel.”
He just wanted to help as best as he could. But this company was the bane of his existence. No matter how many times he spoke to the lab’s billing department, no one seemed to remember that he’d set up a payment plan.  They just kept sending new bills, demanding payment in full. This was the fifth time he’d have to call them this month.
He looked up at his little brother and grinned. “Nah,” he said. “Not really. Although it was a dick move of you to sully my wedding limo. I had plans for that, and now I can’t because your jizz might be on the seats.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s bleeding,” Dean said.
WARNING—violence and minor character death.
Castiel smiled.  “Well, Dean,” he said. “I’d like to think that these months have helped me know you. Most likely more of you than you share with people who aren’t your family. And I wanted this to be perfect.”
When the first pained howl sounded, Dean came rushing in.
“Who?” Sam asked, though he sounded as though he already had an idea.
When Dean left the vet’s office with a pouting hound dog, all he could think about was the brand new phone number in his contact list.
“Go for it,” Dean said. “I’m going to step out and call Bobby and let him know.”
“Time?  For what?” Sam asked hesitantly.
“And what the hell is
Warning for gun violence.
“Hey,” a sharp voice came from behind him.
So, as I was writing this and I realized that I kept having all of them lose their guns ("skittering across the floor") and I thought, "Even I know that isn't realistic..."  HOWEVER--I have decided that since the scarecrow dude, Fritz, mentioned it in 5.9 "The Real Ghostbusters" that it's canon, so there we go.  The boys lose their weapons and totally should have a bungee--I respect you Fritz.
“Intercourse is the most common way to create life,” Cas said.  “Though it might be possible to merge your soul with my grace.  I don’t know if I could create a proper container for it to grow in, however. Perhaps Gabriel could...I don’t want to bother him now though, he’s rather busy.”
Dean began to lose count of how many times he had requested a refill for his scotch.  He knew that both Cas and Charlie were watching him, and he didn’t care. If he was going to sit here and listen to his ex-boyfriend verbally shit on him all night, he was going to get blind drunk.  Most of the others at the table were attempting to eat their meals silently and ignore the barbs that Bartholomew kept slinging at him and Cas. It was awkward, to say the least, and it was making Dean sweat.  He had hardly touched the perfectly rare steak on the plate in front of him. Dean emptied his glass and waved his hand to signal a nearby waiter for another.
Villains R US has a meeting and Sabriel finally shows itself!
Dean bit back a groan and rubbed his eyes before flipping through the rest of the mail. His own electric bill, another thick envelope from the social security administration about Bobby’s disability, a postcard for ‘
“What, Cas?” Dean glared at his lover.  “Aren’t you having fun? I mean, you were the one who wanted to come here tonight.  So, tell me, is it all you had hoped for?” He knew he was being a dick to his fiancée for no reason, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself.
“Do you really wish not to bond as my mate?” Castiel’s features were almost blank, but Dean could see the pain lurking under the surface.
Unsurprisingly, due to the man’s sweet tooth, there was a small, crystal dish with wrapped chocolates inside sitting on the corner of Gabe’s desk.  Dean plucked one out and played with it for a moment before unwrapping it and popping it into his mouth. While he was in here sulking, he knew that Gabriel would be giving a lecture to Cas about their shared behavior.  After all, this was Gabe’s place of business, and he couldn’t afford to have a charity event mucked up because his brother got into a fight with his slightly inebriated boyfriend. Dean knew that he’d get a dressing down from the shorter man as soon as he slunk back to the party as well.  Gabriel certainly had a way with words for situations like this. Cas had told him stories about the two of them growing up together. Dean wasn’t looking forward to Gabe’s wrath.
The second time that they met was three weeks later when Dean was watching Bobby’s dog for him while he was having a minor procedure done at the hospital. Bobby would have to stay overnight and didn’t have the heart to put Rumsfeld in a kennel.  Despite the fact that he wasn’t really a Dog Person, (which was putting it mildly), Dean volunteered time to keep the hound for the night.
“You’re nuts,” Bobby said.  He smiled though, at Crowley’s common claim that his mother knew magic, and it made Dean feel better.
Huge thanks to all of you who have stuck with me through this fic.  Its been a journey, that's for certain.  I started this in November of 2018, got about 35k into it and didn't touch it again until the end of March 2020 where I closed it all out in a week.  So there has been a lot of time between these chapters--I'm hoping that it flowed well.  Again, thank you for reading, and I really hope that you enjoyed my foray into 'Action Fic' with The Rival.  You are all awesome!!
They both moved in unison, unconsciously.  Cas’ hands, gripped him, one sliding around Dean’s waist and the other controlling his neck. Allowing himself to be moved, Dean’s fingers went for Cas’ hair, eager to make it messier than it normally was.  Castiel’s dark locks were so soft, and Dean smiled as they moved closer.
As soon as the words left his lips, Cas yanked him up using that angelic strength and the air was punched out of Dean’s lungs as he was resettled in Cas’ lap, the angel’s large prick never leaving him.
.  Cas was looking at him the way that
“Aw, Samshine,” Gabe dramatically placed a hand over his heart.  “Way to make an angel feel special. Come on,” he grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “Let’s blow this popsicle stand and get to making our little winged abominations, shall we?”
“I should hope so,” the man said, looking fondly down at the dog who was staring up at him adoringly, tongue lolling. “I’m his veterinarian.  You must be one of Bobby Singer’s nephews. I know he wouldn’t entrust Rumsfeld to just anyone.  Are you Sam, or Dean?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ew, Dean, really?” Sam wrinkled his nose as they began their own trek up the aisle to meet Cas and Gabriel.
The man was just a touch shorter than Dean, with a wool hat pulled down over his head, obscuring any view of the man’s hair. His jacket was actually a trench coat on closer inspection—probably too thin for the current blizzard outside. And he was wearing a cloth mask with a print of honeycombs and bumblebees scattered across it.
Adler was now thanking several members of the museum’s staff for their work on the night’s event.  He called off the name ‘Gabriel Novak,’ and Sam smiled when Gabe bounced out of his chair and waved brightly at the surrounding partygoers.  Gabriel made a small little bow and then a ridiculous curtsey before taking his seat once more. Sam didn’t miss the glare that Zachariah shot at his assistant curator.  No love lost there.
Neither man had wanted a big fuss—Dean had advocated for just running down to City Hall, but Castiel had wanted some sort of ceremony with a few people, and Dean could never tell Cas, “No.”. So here they were, at a quaint little venue upstate with their brothers, Bobby, Charlie, and a few others, so they could tie the knot.
“Thank you for your help, but you’re fired.”  Blood bloomed across Adler’s white shirt and he fell backwards like a stone.  He was dead before he hit the floor.
“He’s in love with me?” Sam asked.
“You...don’t remember...anything?” Cas looked like he might break and it did horrible things to Dean’s insides. He wanted to rush to his angel’s side and make everything better.
It wasn’t long before they were finished and ready to head home. Rum stood in the lobby with Dean, paw bandaged, and looking dejected about his cone as Dean and Cas stared at one another again. “Thanks, Cas. Really.”
Four hours and about fifty (increasingly irritated) ‘prayers’ later, both brothers had almost given up when they were
“And how to get rid of them,” Dean muttered.
“Your room is fine,” Castiel said. “I’ve always found it comforting in there.”
“Of course not, Dean.”
That low rumble sent shivers through his body and Dean looked up to see Castiel watching him from behind his mask. What stood out the most to Dean was that he wasn’t wearing a hat today and a full head of tousled black hair was visible. It looked like the vet had just rolled out of bed—after a damn good night.  It made something roll in Dean’s gut and he steadfastly pushed down the odd feeling that screamed ‘
“Of course,” the hot vet smiled. “Mr Singer speaks of the two of you often.  I’m Castiel.”
Castiel captured his mouth in a sweet first kiss.  When their lips touched, Dean felt the zing all the way to his toes. It was unlike anything he’d ever experienced—like being hit by lightning, but it felt so
“Are you all right, my love?” Cas asked him.
Bartholomew Boyle turned back to the horrified faces of the remaining guests.  “Welcome to my retirement party.”
When Dean looked back at his angel, he saw the undisguised terror and pain in the angel’s features. It made Dean sick to his stomach. Why did Cas look so devastated? “Cas?”
Next to him, Cas’ face was impassive, but Dean was beyond grossed out. The worst part was that Gabriel didn’t stop fucking Sam.
“Dean,” Castiel glanced at him.
He wanted the whole package.
, so right!  As they moved together, Cas pulled him flush and Dean could feel
Bobby and Crowley even commented on Dean’s phone use.  They’d asked if the device had been glued to his hand and Crowley offered to surgically remove it with a laugh. Dean flipped him off, but smiled. He could take the teasing.
Once things began to quiet down again, he leaned forward, flashing a few teeth as he spoke.  “Unfortunately,” he reached into his suit and removed his hand brandishing the Kel-Tec PMR-30 handgun.  “There’s been a change of plans for this evening.”
“Progeny?” Dean scoffed. “You’re both dudes, you can't have babies.”
“I need you, Cas.”
Two years later, at their wedding, Dean met Castiel at the altar and lost himself in laughter at the sight of his husband-to-be proudly wearing his bumblebee mask with his tuxedo.
With those thoughts in his mind, Dean rocked his hips, moving the way that his body demanded. He was bouncing in Cas’ lap as his angel sucked into the flesh of Dean’s neck, leaving dark bruises. Oh, fucking hell, it felt so good.
“Right in one, my handsome Moose!”
“You too, Dean.”
Dinner before the dirty sex.
stuck to our skin,” Sam poked at the medallion on his chest.
“I don’t fucking know, but you have one too,” Dean could feel the remaining bit of color drain from his face.
As I said in the notes at the beginning, the first half of this story is a lot of shameless smut.  The second half is more violence and tense thriller crap.
—and wouldn’t that be embarrassing. His first time with a dude and he comes so hard he cries?  God, he hoped not. But honestly who knew at this point. It just felt so fucking amazing and Dean wanted—
.  Dean came in thick ropes of cum that spurted awkwardly between them.  “Oh, Cas!”  The muscles in his ass clamped down hard, and suddenly he felt Cas join him in release.
Normally, when Dean prayed, Cas would arrive in seconds, the sound of his rustling wings filling the room as he appeared at Dean’s side. But today, nothing happened.
One of Cas’ hands was on Dean’s back, bracing him, while the other reached between their bodies and began to stroke Dean’s hard, leaking cock. He wasn’t going to last much longer.
“I love you too, Dean.”
“Yeah, okay—can we
Cas moved his hands and they came to rest on Dean’s sides.  He gave a tug with his fingers and Dean instinctively allowed himself to be moved. Pulling him away from the door, Cas gently guided Dean into the room toward the bed. When they reached the mattress, Dean sat down and moved backward so that he was laying across the bed.  His legs were spread just slightly, enough for Cas to slot his own legs between as he covered Dean with his body.
“Well, I’ll let you get back to your evening walk,” Castiel said, his eyes sparkling behind the mask. Dean wished he could see the guy’s whole face. Maybe one day, if things ever went back to the way they had been.  Maybe.
“Well, my baby bro, Sammy, says that alpacas are the greenest animal. Whatever that means.”
looked at pie, and Dean suddenly wasn’t sure what to do with himself.
They settled into the sofa together and Dean slung his arm around Castiel, pulling him close. As the show began, Dean found himself paying more attention to the warm body nestled into him than his favorite television series. He sincerely hoped that this was the first night of many to come.
“Yeah,” Dean thought about it for a moment. “Our baby will be damn awesome.”
“Most likely.”
Dean didn’t have to be told twice. Fuck, this felt amazing, finally being able to have his angel in this way. Surprisingly, he found himself eager to please and actually wanting to feel Cas shoot his load inside of him.
that the rest of Castiel’s features were going to be just as stunning as the man’s eyes. He knew it.
He whirled around much too fast to be casual and his voice hitched when he said, “Yeah, Cas?”
So, after what seems like FOREVER, (I originally started writing this fic for Nanowrimo 2018), this bad boy is finally finished.  I'm going through and doing some editing and whatnot, but hopefully the rest of this fic will be posted by either tonight or tomorrow.  So yay!!  It feels good to finally get back to this one after so long.  I hit a point where I knew what was going to happen, but I didn't want to write it, so I sort of tucked this fic into the back of my docs and pretended that it wasn't there.  Denial.  It's awesome.  Anywho--this is complete as of 03/28/2020.
Dean pocketed his phone. He felt lighter. He was glad to have that cat-obsessed doofus in his life. Castiel was the first friend he had who respected him, who knew and still respected and appreciated him. Before meeting him, he was inclined to believe no such thing was possible. But it was.
So, he went to Cas’ place every day after school. They studied, for real, and on occasion, Dean shared dinner with them. But it was rare, and most of the time, they talked about lessons, and homework. They had been through quite a few frustrating moments, but Castiel was actually an amazing teacher. Dean had made immense progress under his tutoring.
“See! That’s two full hours each day! Sure, it will takes us some work, but you should be able to catch up with the syllabus, and then we can move on to actually making sure your head stays above the water for good, I won’t allow any half-drowning-”
“Hi boys! We were out of peanut butter, so I made all chocolate. I still have a few things to finish, so be nice, and don’t make too much noise! And honey, don’t forget to write down what you need on the grocery list, I’m going tomorrow. See you kids!” And off she was. She was a very energetic woman, always doing something, and she always had about six different projects going on at all times.
“Oh oh oh. Yes, you are blushing.”
“Nothing my… No, you know what, I’m not going to become mouthy just for you.”
a t-shirt?”
Sammy - who had no compassion whatsoever in Dean’s opinion -  shouted at him while running for the front door that he should better hurry or he was going to be late and he was not waiting for him because there was no way he would be late because of him.
“Sorry, that wasn’t very considerate of me.” Castiel apologized.
Sam finished his cereals and settled against his big brother as the series theme tune started. They watched cartoons for the rest of the morning, and Dean texted Castiel several times, discreetly, or so he thought.
And speaking of friends, Castiel was proving to be a very decent human being. Dean enjoyed being in his presence. He was smart, funny, and never made comments on Dean’s appearance, or the name their teachers used. He knew eventually other people would catch up on it, but for now, he enjoyed the peace and quiet.
The thing is, Dean was stuck. Not going to P.E. would get him into trouble, but going to P.E. would too. There was no getting around it.
Dean reached out and took Castiel’s hand in his. “I want to.” He squeezed his hand. “You okay with kissing?” He asked.
“Fine. Keep sulking.”
She gave him a pointed look, but let it go nonetheless. She indicated him the waiting room on her left. Dean took a seat.
“You will not fool me. I know how it goes. First you start to skip P.E., who cares about P.E. anyway? Right? But then, it will escalate. It always does. So let me be clear, I’ll not allow any of it.”
He realized he was definitely late when he emerged from the bathroom. Classes were still going, but it had been at least ten minutes since he had been summoned. He didn’t need more trouble. He hurried to the secretary’s desk.
Catiel's mom went to John's garage, John then found out that Dean was 'still trans', he went home, confronted Dean about it, lost his shit, the next day he saw Castiel's texts on Dean's phone which made him decide to enroll Dean in a conversion program, two dudes came to take him.
It upset him. It made him angry, and frustrated. It often made him cry himself to sleep. The worse was this feeling of being bound hand and foot. He was almost an adult. Hell, he had been taking care of his little brother and himself for years. And yet, he was not allowed to take any decisions regarding his own self, physically and legally. It was not fair.
“You know what, I think I’m going to play truant.”
They moved a lot during the following years, never staying more than a few months in the same town. John wasn’t exactly blessed with the ability of keeping a job longer than the average human being. The kids didn’t like that way of living but they had no choice and they did what they could to make it better, not actually good, but still better.
And right there, right on top, there was an unmistakable B-. It was probably the best grade he had ever had in years. He turned to show it to Castiel, but the boy was already looking at it behind his shoulder. And he was smiling so big. There was pride in his eyes. Dean appreciated it, but he also wanted to disappear into the ground.
He came back to their shared room, and crashed on Sam’s bed. It was closer to the only desk in the room, where Sam was still seated at.
“Yes, I know. I like being… organized. And unsurprised.”
“Shhh! You deserve them. Accept them. I mean, it would just mean more for me, but she’ll be upset.”
‘Oh, seriously!’ Dean thought. He had hoped he could at least try to blend in with the crowd and go unnoticed. But it made sense, after all. It explained why the teacher had systematically noticed Dean’s absence.
“Have I seen it?”
The rest of P.E. went pretty much like that. Anytime Michael or one of his minions passed him, they made a snarky comment, or poked him, and the girls ignored him as much as they could. Castiel didn’t try to make contact with him again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Still don’t want me to free some space on my desk for you?”
But he couldn’t leave. He could not leave Sammy behind.
“We were afraid you might react in such a manner.” Dude number one was obviously leading the operation. He was shaking his head. “Go ahead.” He said to dude number two.
“That I don’t know. But I do know that it belongs to the circus.” Michael said, while giving Dean an evil glare. ‘I’m the boss’, it said, ‘and I will make a short work of you’.
“Oh! Okay, okay.” He caught him and pressed a hand at the back of his head. “It’s the one you like, of Pink Floyd, with the triangle. But it’s also one of my favorites, so take care of it, okay?”
There was hope in the air. Hope, and a dash of love.
“Okay, everyone sit down. Sit down! I said. I’ll be taking attendance.”
“Okay, so what do we need to do?”
And yet! And yet! He was definitely pinning.
Dean didn’t answer. He was convinced Castiel wasn’t interested. There was no way he was. “So, did the librarian eat you alive?” He asked, inconspicuously.
“Yes, I promise! I love you.”
The bell rang. To Dean’s hear, it sounded like the tolling bell announcing his end. P.E. was next.
“Probably, it’s a rerun.”
So Dean had decided to avoid P.E. altogether. And on that point, the principal had been right. Who cares about P.E. anyway? Well, obviously, that asshole did.
In which Dean discovers that Castiel is very much not straight.
“Hi Deanna. We heard you were having some trouble. And I want you to know that it’s alright to struggle sometimes.” Dude number one said.
He enjoyed this few minutes every Saturday morning, in this lawless area. The day hadn’t begun yet. Nothing felt quite real in these minutes. Dean could close his eyes and pretend the outside world didn’t exist. He could pretend to be anywhere in the world, and anywhere in time. He could close his eyes and if he was careful enough, if he groomed the sensation just right, he could feel as if anything he imagined was real. He could pretend to still be in his bed back when his mother was still alive, back in their first house where everything felt safe.
“Are you… blushing? I don’t think I’ve actually seen you blush, ever.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Sorry. I’m going too fast. I- We-we can go slow.”
“Me too. But I won’t be away too long, and it’s tradition. We always make a road trip for winter break.”
“Good. You can leave now.”
“But, what about your own homework?” Dean asked, baffled. No one had seemed to care about him so much since… since his mother.
They sat in silence before Dean found the courage and the force to speak.
“Well, it’s up to you. But if you don’t talk, you’ll be the one giving that back to Ms. Bradbury.” Sam said, while putting the mistreated book in his brother’s lap.
He would never be Deanna, never. Of course, he never truly stopped arguing with his father and they still had those fights where his dad would tell him to “wake up and stop acting like a faggot” or that “he didn’t raise his daughter to be a bull dyke” and even though he defended his son to call Deanna ‘Dean’, Sammy was doing his best to not get into trouble with John but he also had the desire to not offend his sibling, so by common consent, he was calling him ‘D’.
The first one had basically been about making babies. And Castiel still remembered all the details he wished he had forgotten. Like how it was natural for people to sometimes poop while they were giving birth.
“Meh. Mr. Singer is really nice. He likes me. I could tell him I was giving you tutoring lessons. He would scold me for doing so at the same time as his class, but he would never denounce you.”
By then, Dean was bent in half, laughing so much he was crying. It was actually very thoughtful of Castiel’s mom to have done that, but the way Cas’ was telling it was absolutely hilarious.
One day he would get to fully feel like his true self, and to show the world. Just not quite this minute.
John spent the whole day outside of the house God knows where. As far as the Winchester boys were concerned, this was a good thing. Little did they know that somewhere on John’s bedroom floor lay Dean’s phone. Several texts were visible on the locked screen.
If Mary were still alive, it would have broken her heart, but she wasn’t there. Nobody was. Except John, who kept yelling until he got out of breath. When he was done, Dean was curled up into a sobbing ball, only wishing to disappear from Earth.
“Oh, hush! I’m not talking.”
It was Dean’s turn to hold tight on Castiel.
Mr. Singer entered the room, with his cup and more papers than usual, struggling to balance everything. He finally gave up and let everything fall on his desk in a loud thud. The chatter immediately stopped, and an anxious buzz took hold of the class.
“I’m done.” The boy declared. His voice was firm. He had rehearsed it. Dean heard the hidden ‘there is no discussing it’, and to be completely honest, he wasn’t in the mood to argue with his little brother. He turned over, now laying on his belly, his legs dangling over the edge of the bed, his phone in front of him, playing a video.
His voice was ice cold. Dean didn’t even try to say something. And even if he had wanted to, he wouldn’t have been able to. He was frozen.
The archangel was dressed in his usual clothes, but they were covered by a ruffled, polka dot apron. He was bent over, and pulling yet another cake out of the oven with giant mitts and whistling. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard to Dean.
“Now that the lockdown has relaxed, I was thinking,” Cas paused. “I was
“Yes sir,” Dean gave his uncle a sarcastic little salute before clapping him on the shoulder and heading out the door.
Leaving Dean’s room, the pair wandered through the bunker with no particular destination. Cas took his hand and instead of pulling away, as he normally would have done, Dean squeezed Castiel’s fingers lightly. Everything was different, but it was all still the same. Dean’s mind was swimming.
Castiel didn’t seem affected at Dean’s outburst and simply looked at Samandriel and dismissed the Wiener Hut angel before looking at him.  “I will explain more later, but we are running out of time.”
Castiel nodded solemnly. “I have heard rumors that when an angel takes a human as their mate, the human does not retain recollections of their bonding. Your minds aren’t equipped to handle it.”
Poking at his medallion for a moment, Sam finally stopped and moved to the other bed, his hands touching the piece of metal on Dean.  “Watch the wandering hands, Samantha.”
“We’re good, Gabe,” Dean practically shouted.
“I care very much about what happens to Gabriel,” Sam said. “I lo—
“No,” the angel said firmly. “In order to fully complete the Bond, you must carry the nephilim of the angel you are bound to. If not, the bond will dissolve.”
“Wait,” Dean suddenly forgot everything at the thought of his angelic bestie in danger. “Cas is going to die?”
“And you, most likely, Dean.”  Before Dean could react, Samandriel’s palm was on his chest and a different sort of light crackled in the room. This one more muted than Sam’s and of a colder source, more silver and blue than golden and white. “Ah,” Samandriel said, stepping away.  “It is good to see that you have completed the previous bond. This is excellent news. I didn’t want Castiel to perish.”
Cas. His fucking angel. All his.
Later that night, as he brushed his teeth, it hit him. Dean really
we take the next step.”
NSFW Destiel with added fluff.
Pushing down the wave of guilt rushing over him, Sam looked over to the main table and saw that the museum’s head curator was pushing his chair back and starting to head up to the podium.  The show must go on, and all that. That must mean it was almost eight at night. He shot a look at his watch to confirm and then refocused. Sam tracked Zachariah Adler as he climbed the five steps to the raised platform where he would begin making the evening’s speeches.
“What kind of pie?” Dean couldn’t help but ask.
“I enjoy you without one as well, Dean.”
“Just what it sounds like. Sam doesn’t care if you go belly up—right, Sammy?”
“What?” Adler squeaked.  That was all he got out before Bartholomew pulled the trigger, emptying three bullets into the curator’s chest.
Charlie and Jo were both half out of their seats and he tried to get them to stand down without calling attention to himself.  “Ladies,” Boyle’s voice came through the microphone. He was smiling at Charlie, but his gun was pointed directly at Jo’s head, as she was standing closer to the stage.  “Let’s not be hasty.” He waved his gun a little. “Please take a seat for now. I’d hate to have to kill two such lovely girls as yourselves.”
