Dean’s breath stuttered in his chest at the lustily whispered words, the kind of talk he had never imagined coming from Cas’ mouth - that he never thought he would enjoy quite so much from Cas’ mouth. He was inherently glad that Sam liked to watch movies loud, as he couldn’t hear the sinful words from the angel, nor the barely muffled whimpers and gasps from Dean.
He rolled his eyes and huffed in annoyance, wriggling around as he tried to reach the phone on the bedside table with the arm that was currently trapped by Dean’s weight. He supposed he couldn’t blame the man for his sleepiness; Castiel was far too used to being wide awake as soon as he woke up.
Dean tried to keep his breathing even as he counted his steps out carefully, slowly, in his brain. He wet his lips nervously – then remembered to breathe, drawing the air in over a count of three, trying to remain calm. He was closer now, almost to the front of the room where Castiel sat on his strange, wheelie stool. The professor twisted the beads in his hand, staring intently at his screen – and somehow just keeping his eyes on the man was keeping Dean calm enough to keep walking toward him.
Dean found himself relaxing somewhat. Her presence was comforting, her grin was infectious, and as he allowed himself to talk about things, he found that she was actually easy to talk to. She seemed to know what he meant even when he didn’t say it right, and she got straight to the point.
“Alright princess, have your moment later. Let’s get him out, fast.” Bobby growled as he stepped up behind the chair.
To make matters worse, he’d had a massive argument with a coworker today. A comment about his orientation, that he would usually have let slide, set him off. After yelling at the man for a few minutes, his manager had dragged him to the office and calmly asked him to explain. She calmed his fears of being fired, and explained that she wanted to know what was going on, as that behaviour was very uncharacteristic of him.
“Cas. Little bro. You know I love you. But honestly, with the amount of crap you’ve dealt with, I’m surprised you’re not in a mental hospital.” Gabriel paused, realising that he wasn’t getting through. He weighed his next words carefully. “You know... I’m seeing one.”
His voice didn’t come out as steady as he’d meant it to, completely changing it from the warning it was meant to be. Instead, Castiel’s name came out as an invitation, Dean's voice breaking to come out in a breathy whisper that made Castiel’s eyes darken slightly. Dean licked his lips nervously, and the movement drew Castiel’s eyes down to his lips.
“You have, Dean. You’ve raised Sam. Found your man.” Ellen smiled at him, swaying along with his steps as her eyes shined. “You’ve found happiness. Just don’t screw it up.”
“Oh, I disagree.” Cas answered on a groan, and pulled Dean down to his chest just so that he could run his lips over the exposed collarbone. “It is entirely your fault that I am a sex addict.”
“I- Uriel, I didn’t mean for that to happen.” Calm, he had to stay calm. His heartbeat pounded in his ears, but he kept a silent count to keep it steady. “I apologise. Please, if you just let me go, I won’t tell anyone.”
“Yes, Cas, yes, want you to come, come inside me, please,” Dean begged, finding purchase for his hands on Cas’ upper arms, gripping hard as he rode that edge, desperate for that one tiny thing that would tip him over the edge...
They stayed there for a long time. Castiel heard someone knocking on the door, but he didn’t care. He didn’t notice Dean call for the visitor to come in, nor did he notice the police officers stepping around them, eyeing Castiel with concern. He felt Dean tense, but he didn’t notice the pointed look he shot the officers as one of them reached for Castiel. The second officer nudged the first and, taking the hint, both retreated further into the apartment to wait.
“Good morning. Thank you for being here on time. I’m Castiel, I’ll be presenting this learning for the next two weeks.” The man spoke, apparently unaffected.
Dean felt like he was trying to fight his way out of a dream. The first thing he was aware of was a bunch of voices around him, sounding rushed and commanding. Someone asked what his name was – he tried to answer, but the sound wouldn’t come out. They kept asking, over and over until he slipped back into darkness.
He turned the key in the ignition, loving the sound the engine made as she roared to life. Something about his car, his baby, always made him feel safe and secure. Maybe it was because Dad left it to him.
Oh god. He was going to die. He felt the anxiety clawing its way through his chest, his breath coming in uncontrollable gasps. He struggled, whimpering as the rope cut into his wrists, but he couldn’t stop. The panic was taking over his mind, and he forgot everything - the situation, the pain, breathing - everything but the panic of knowing he was going to die. His chest was burning, his vision was blurring, and he didn’t even consider taking a breath before he passed out again.
Castiel and Dean finish freshening up the apartment. Uriel shows up. Dean has an issue that can only be worked out with sex.
“Oh, and if you send anyone after us, you’ll regret it.” Dean added with a sadistic grin. “I’ll enjoy making you pay for everything you’ve done, Michael.”
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean greeted him, pushing the door shut with his foot. “Brought you coffee and breakfast.”
Well, shit. Castiel had seen right through him and asked of him the one thing he couldn’t find it in himself to do. Even now Dean doubted what the man had said and dropped his eyes as he tried to find a response. Before he could, though, Castiel was talking again.
Instead of moving away Cas just held him tighter, and then on one of the up strokes, that damn angel flicked his tongue over Dean’s slit.
“I’m… I’m sorry. It stops the pain, the thoughts, everything. I just… It was an accident, the first time, and now I just…” He paused and sniffed, the tears running freely down his cheeks.
Dean looked at Castiel, really looked at him, for just a moment. The determination on his face was something amazing to see, and yet Dean could still see the undercurrent of worry and possibly even fear beneath it. It made him lo- like Castiel just that little bit more, and remember just how drawn to him he really was
Dean sighed, his lips parting against his own. He felt the man’s arms slip around his waist, gently stroking across his back. He flicked his tongue across the man’s lips, their mouths moving together in a gentle, slow building passion as his free hand moved to massage the arch of Dean’s back.
As ready as he could be, Dean entered the room with trepidation. It was empty however, thank god. He picked a desk toward the front of the room – he preferred being at the front, so he could see anything the professor would display without struggling. These training sessions were usually heavy with PowerPoint presentations and demonstrations.
“I know I love you. It’s always been you.” Cas repeated his words from earlier, leaning forward to capture his lips in a tender kiss.
“You know, Dean.” Ellen started as Dean spun her lightly, then pulled her back and continued dancing. “I’m proud of ya.”
Cas caught his lips, driving all thought from his mind as his lips sent him dizzy with desire. Deft hands moved down his legs, gripping behind his knees to lift his legs up, move them until he was wrapped around his angel’s chest. Then he felt the head of Cas’ cock pressing against his hole, and he tensed momentarily.
Cas hit the ball, the triangle scattering with a loud crack. As he did, however, he shifted his weight to his left hip, closing the distance between them and causing him to brush against Dean’s crotch. One of the balls went into the corner pocket.
Through most of this, Castiel had sat quietly in his seat, shocked into silence. He had hoped that they would win, of course, but he hadn’t imagined it was possible. It seemed so easy, too good to be true - he almost couldn’t believe it.
“Yeah, they were pretty shitty when we were little.” Sam huffed out a sad laugh. “God, if I’d only stayed-“
- he could barely recall Sam telling him about hiring Benny back, or anything to do with the business. The whole thing had slipped his mind, truthfully - but Sam had taken over and handled it himself during the search for Cas. Later, when they were at the hospital, he’d caught Dean up on everything. The most urgent thing was the apartment Dean had been tasked with, which Sam had informed him was now finished and paid for, thanks to Benny. Thinking of Sam, he glanced around, only to find him in the process of being pounced on.
Castiel loved watching the way Dean’s eyes darkened, slipping half closed as he drew closer. His own orgasm was approaching fast like a tidal wave, waves of pleasure rolling through his body. He tried to fight it, refusing to come before his lover. He knew Dean was close and so, he balanced himself on one hand, wrapping fingers around Dean’s cock as his motions started becoming erratic. He barely got in a few rough tugs before the man went silent, eyes flying open as his body seized - then he let out a cry, a mixture of curses and Cas’ name, as his cock pulsed in Castiel’s hand and jets of hot come started to cover them both. Castiel was undone by the sight. He thrust in hard and stayed there, bottomed out inside Dean with a loud groan. He dove in to meet Dean’s lips in a filthy kiss as his cock shot his load into the condom, Dean’s hole clenching around him.
, dammit. What the hell was that? And yet, his body was responding to the light pain, fire running through his nerves as his cock twitched hungrily, hips rolling forward of their own accord.
Claire nodded slightly and with a worried expression, took off. Dean turned back to the woman, his face calm, but his eyes blazing with fury.
“Shit... Shit..” He bit on his bottom lip, trying to silence himself as the shorts finally gave way, leaving his cock unclothed, hard and leaking as it curled up toward his abdomen
Then Castiel thrust forward and in one hard stroke he bottomed out inside Dean, watching as the man’s back arched off the floor again and he cried out in pleasure. Dean gripped hard to Castiel, his nails digging into the skin as his mouth dropped open in an O shape. He gasped as Castiel pulled back, giving him no time to adjust before he surged forward again, making Dean scream out as his prostate was hammered.
Dean gestured with the end of his gun for the man to stand, but he didn’t lower the weapon. He watched as the man slowly got to his feet, hands still in the air, though all aggression appeared to have drained from him now. His eyes were cast down, and disappointment was written over his face.
Dean paused, the pain being replaced by fear. It couldn’t be broken. If it was broken, he’d have to go to hospital. If he went to hospital, they’d see the rest of his arm. Sam hadn’t said anything, but Dean knew he could see it. But if the hospital saw that, they probably wouldn’t let him leave. Sam was watching him as he processed all this, and seemed to take pity on him. His brother sighed and shook his head, turning away with a pained expression.
“I’d probably still be a wreck if we hadn’t met.” Dean chuckled softly, thinking on how far he’d come since their meeting. “With you, I’ve learned so much. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Sam’s rant finally broke off as he dropped back into the seat, his head in his hands. Dean mulled over what had been said, guilty and sad and confused. Then it finally clicked, exactly what Sam had said.
“Mr. Novak, I’m going to have to ask you to give a statement to the police.” The manager told him. “You can come with me to wait for them to come back.”
“No, no, I got that part loud and clear.” Dean answered slowly, surprising him. “What I mean is that stuff about the inheritance, and him controlling your life.”
Dean just nodded woodenly and watched as Castiel left the room, and his life. He knew there would be no later – Castiel was just humouring him, saying what he had to, to get out of the situation. He’d been avoiding Dean for days – why would that suddenly change in the space of two minutes? It hadn’t, Dean was sure. Castiel would probably never speak to him again. Why should he, after all?
Either way, that night when he was back at the bunker, despite his impressive collection of porn he found it hard to get off. At least, until he imagined the way Cas’ ass looked in those jeans, the way his body had felt pressed against his - when he got to the way his breath had tickled over his ear he’d lost it, the orgasm slamming into him without warning. He’d had to clamp his own hand over his mouth to stifle the moans that spilled from his lips.
“Here, use this.” Charlie pulled her top shirt off, leaving her in a singlet, and handed it over to Dean. At his confused look, she quickly explained. “Once you remove the blade, it will bleed. You have to stem the flow.”
“Oh. About...” Did Sam know about Dean’s orientation? Castiel couldn’t remember, so he decided to leave the hidden question hanging. “Four or five weeks?”
“Oh, Jo? Don’t embarrass me.” Jo glanced at him with a grin that did not make Dean feel better in any way. “Seriously.”
Castiel surged forward, meeting Dean’s lips once again as he ground their hips together. The thrusts weren’t as long but the way his balls and cock rubbed against Dean’s belly sent heat curling in his abdomen, hurtling faster toward the edge than he would have liked.
By the time he finished and slipped the ring onto Dean’s finger, tears were running down his cheeks freely. The look Dean gave him was indescribable as he reached out and placed a hand over Cas’ heart silently. Then, Sam stepped forward to pass a ring to Dean, and Bobby spoke his name. Dean cleared his throat with a nod, and stared at Castiel, emotion swimming in his eyes.
“He used – um, he stopped it.” Dean flushed as he almost blurted out that Castiel had used his safe word. Yeah, he was not having that conversation right now. “He didn’t want to discuss it. But then today he was just… Different. And he didn’t wait for our usual afternoon talks, just took off to some meeting.”
“I just don’t know if it’s worth sacrificing time for stealth!” Dean snapped back, then pursed his lips. “Why can’t we just storm the place?”
“So, this is where you live.” A large hulk of a man that he wished he didn’t recognise stepped out of the dark stairwell, and Castiel cursed himself for not seeing him. At his panicked expression, the man chuckled darkly. “Ah, don’t look so tense, now. If I was going to do something to you here, I would have already done so.”
“I prefer Queen, and you’re welcome.” Charlie smiled as she handed Sam his coffee and took her seat.
“Wait, just wait...” Dean frowned, trying to sort out his thoughts. He knew this guy, knew his name, he was sure. Then it clicked. “You’re Gabriel, right?”
Dean sucked in a breath and felt tears prick at his eyes again, wanting so much to believe Castiel. That simple statement – it broke him, again. The man couldn’t possibly know how much that simple statement meant to him. To feel like somebody understood, truly understood, had maybe even been through it - If he wasn’t alone. He felt the sobs grip his chest, felt his breath constrict. But this time he also felt strong arms pull him against a solid chest that was breathing slow and steady, just for him. And part of him felt like maybe, just maybe,he could believe Castiel.
“That was most enjoyable, Sam, thank you.” Castiel commented, stretching out as the third movie drew to a close.
“Dean, dean... I’m so close, already...” Cas panted as he dropped his head, mouthing at that sensitive spot on Dean’s neck.
The man was crouched in front of him, close enough that he could easily read the worry and concern in those eyes. Castiel’s hands were gripped tight on his shoulders, as though he’d had to shake Dean to bring him back into the moment. Dean was still shaking, and he could hear the shaking in his breathing, the way the sobs made themselves vocal as they ripped out of him.
Dean scoffed at that and shook his head before he took a long drink, finishing off the beer in his hand. He had barely put it down before Sam was up to get him another, though he was shaking his head as he went. He frowned slightly, but shrugged it off. Sam was usually the one telling him not to drink so much, not encouraging him. But he supposed his brother was just trying to keep him talking.
“No!” The word left him before he could even think of an explanation for his behaviour. “It’s just..”
“I’m fine, Charlie” Dean chuckled softly, using his shoulder to press the phone to his ear while he poured himself a cup from the brimming pot of coffee. “I’m not fired.”
“Don’t be.” Castiel cut him off, voice low with with a distinct tone of barely controlled lust that sent shivers through Dean again.
Dean shrugged one shoulder and dropped his gaze, twisting his fingers together. He honestly wasn’t sure what happened – he never knew what it was, he just called it his ‘episodes’. He couldn’t control when it happened, and there wasn’t always a trigger. It just comes on suddenly, exhausts him, then it’s gone.
Moments later he came back to himself, crouching with his back still pressed against the shower wall. He opened his eyes slowly, shaking slightly and gasping in breaths of air. A hard knocking on the door shocked him out of the moment, followed by a worried voice - Cas, asking if he was alright.
For the remainder of the afternoon after Dean left, Castiel was frantic. While he had already cleaned the apartment in the morning, he now dedicated himself to removing the contents of every cupboard, scrubbed it, and replaced them all. As he sorted his belongings back into order, he noticed that he gained a lot of space - a testament to how little he actually owned. It was sobering, but it didn’t really get him down too much. He’d lived like this a long time.
“Yeah. Yeah, a few people are coming over.” Dean answered, sighing through his fingers. “His manager, and a friend of his. And Mr. Jackson, the apartment manager, he’s gonna review the cameras.”
Dean was saved from answering by Jo’s hysterical giggling as she overheard the conversation. His coffee cup was placed on the table, thankfully with minimal spills, as Jo doubled over laughing. Dean just rolled his eyes yet again as he waited for her to stop laughing enough to actually be able to speak to Castiel.
“Why? Because somebody has to right the wrongs of this world. Somebody must take responsibility.” Uriel chuckled, keeping the shotgun trained on them, his finger hovering over the trigger. “I’m just the lucky soul that was picked to do so. Now, put him down like a good boy, or I shoot him first.”
He stopped his thoughts, taking a few deep breaths to calm himself, which seemed to draw Sam’s attention.
– so Dean immediately inserted himself in front of Claire, facing down the woman with his hands raised, palms out, in a placating gesture.
“I wasn’t.” The whisper came from right beside his ear this time, and the breath that tickled across his cheek with a short chuckle sent shivers through him.
After their nap the day before, Dean had let him clean him up, then they had spent a while talking. Dean had been pretty closed off and quiet, barely giving answers to Castiel’s questions, until eventually he had given up and they just watched a movie. They’d curled around each other, both seeking comfort, and eventually went to bed.
He shifted, and suddenly Dean was pressing right on his prostate with every thrust. He froze above Dean, his fingers digging in as he cried out a litany of Dean’s name. The man didn’t miss a beat as he took over, gripping his hips and thrusting up into his heat. He could hear Dean moaning as he drifted closer to the edge, untouched as yet.
As he approached the booth, Castiel glanced up and smiled. The professor gestured for him to sit in the seat opposite, so Dean did, lowering himself into the booth with no small amount of trepidation. Castiel set his book aside and focused on Dean.
“Boy, I knew you was thick sometimes, but I never took you for stupid.” Dean’s head shot back up to stare at Bobby, who smiled. “You really think I’d give a damn about your preferences? I don’t care about that, never did. An’ I never left. Damn, I woulda brought you to live with me if I could. But your dad, well... When I found out what he did, I tried to knock some sense into him. Didn’t work, an’ he cut me off. Said if I come near the house he’d have me shot.”
“Dean!” Sam’s hushed but angry voice snapped him back to reality. “Seriously, why are you so pissed at him?”
As for Cas, yea I know he would never just abandon Dean in that cruel way, but in this outcome there is a reason behind it, so keep that in mind and try not to hate him. Too much, anyway.
The people around him mumbled their agreement, and Castiel nodded slightly as he glanced around the room, meeting people’s eyes. Dean stared down at the desk in front of him, trying to control his breathing, trying to ignore the sting. He bit down on the inside of his cheek, hard – enough to cause pain to distract him, to bring back control.
He whimpered and writhed on the bed, his nerve endings on fire as Dean pulled on his shaft. Then suddenly all touch was gone and he arched up with a cry, trying to follow after it.
”Oh, Castiel, what silly notions you have. You won’t be telling anyone, not by the time I’m through with you. You won’t be alive to say a word. But don’t worry, we have plenty of time until then.”
“I’m not finished!” Sam yelled, standing up from the chair angrily. Tears continued to stream down his cheeks, and it killed Dean knowing he caused that. “You turn your phone off, we track you to the store, they tell us you bought a case of beer and took off looking like hell… And then what, you go and jump off a building?! What the hell, Dean?! Do I – Do we, mean nothing to you, that you’d just leave us like that?!”
He straightened now, and he was pulling a bracelet off his wrist. It was weird, kind of like a rope with large wooden beads tied onto it, spaced slightly apart. Dean wondered briefly if the guy was religious – they were like huge prayer beads, and the way Castiel was running them through his fingers was like he was counting them, or praying.
“I can’t do this, Cas.” Dean’s voice broke as the tears he’d been fighting finally streamed down his face.
“I want to trust you, Cas. I get that you’re sorry, but…” Dean huffed out a breath and shook his head, looking away for a moment. “You have no idea… It freakin’ killed me when you just left like that and ignored me. I needed you, and you just left. You told me in a damn letter, man. I get why, I do… And I appreciate that you quit, but… It just hurt. Still does. And I don’t know if I’m ready to trust you again.”
“I believe Dean is tired - perhaps we should retire after this movie?” Cas answered for him, perfectly composed. Dean realised at some point the third movie had started up.
Suddenly, the angel’s body was pressed against Dean’s, the forearm driving hard and painfully into his chest. Dean gasped, eyes flying wide open to stare into Castiel’s again. There was something in those eyes, something he wished so desperately for, but also that his mind desperately tried to push away.
Dean nodded silently, feeling his hope deflate as he stared back down at the map. They had footage from a gas n sip a few hours away, gained from a credit card transaction Kevin had picked up. They had traffic cam sightings of the van heading south after that - but they hadn’t found a final location, and it was feeding his fear that he would never see Cas alive again.
That time, Sam shot a very surprised look over Cas’ head, completely forgetting the tv as he stared at his brother, waiting for the inevitable Dean-pushes-Cas-away moment.
As Dean told his story, he felt his chest tightening again. But Castiel was right there to reach out and hold his hand, gently squeezing in time with his breathing. Dean found himself telling Castiel all about the day – about the choice he’d made, how terrible he had felt. How he was at fault for Amelia dying, when he could have saved her if he had just made a different choice.
Cas collapsed onto him heavily, and they lay there for some time, hands gently stroking each other into calmness as they caught their breath. Even when Cas slipped out of him and disposed of the condom, even when he wiped Dean clean, they came back together, facing each other on their sides as they shared breath.
“Cas,” Dean’s voice was soothing in his ear as arms wrapped around his middle from behind. “You’ve gotta-“
“…I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean looked down again, feeling guilty, but also shocked that Castiel had quit over him and what had happened.
“I just... When we met, I was kind of a mess.” That got a huff of laughter, and so he continued. “I wasn’t ready, or looking, for any kind of relationship. But then I got angry, and I came and blew up at you, and.. that happened. Then there was the second time, and after that- Well, there’s just something about you, Dean. I couldn’t get you out of my head from the moment I saw you. I thought it was because I hated you, but.. well, it wasn’t. What I said - I meant that I hadn’t meant to meet someone at all, but when I met you it just happened, and I couldn’t stop it. I didn’t want to stop it.”
“Please, if you’re going to do this, just do it. Finish it.” Tears slipped from his eyes as he admitted the inevitable outcome.
“I understand that you don’t wish me to be here. If you could just relay my message when he wakes, I would appreciate it.”
Hey, guys. Sorry this chapter took awhile, bit of a block but I hope you like it. I didn't quite meet my own expectations but what the hell, right? I'll make it up to you, swear.
Finally, decision made, he finished the coffee in a few long gulps. He ignored the looks Sam and Charlie shot him while he grabbed a beer from the fridge and made his way over to the couch, dropping into it heavily. As he opened his beer and took a few gulps, he felt Charlie and Sam sit down either side of him.
“That’s it, Dean, just listen to my voice.” Castiel was saying as Dean tuned back in to the world. “Just breathe like I am. Feel my chest? Copy my breathing, okay?”
“You have nothing to apologise for.” Castiel spoke again, glancing at Dean. “Do you remember what I told you yesterday?”
It was surprisingly disturbing, he realised. It had never really bothered him – he had moved here with Sam after the incident had happened. He barely remembered the move itself, only that it had happened. He’d brought some of his personal things, of course, but they were still packed away in a cardboard box that was hidden in the back of his wardrobe. He hadn’t thought about that box since they had moved, but now he wondered if he could bring himself to face it.
He chuckled bitterly as he realised; he was turning out just like John, and that thought made him hate himself even more.
Michael scowled at her before he turned his attention to the laptop screen. As his eyes took in all the evidence of his illegal dealings, his face lost all colour. Charlie had been extensive in her hacking and research, and she had enough to destroy him and the whole family business if it was released.
He could hear his breath coming too fast – feel the way his mind was going blank, and his world was narrowing. But he knew how to stop it, how to make himself feel better, even as he hated himself for it. He’d figured it out by accident, months ago, then kept doing it.
Bobby paused, glancing down at Dean. He could see the way Dean’s head nodded minutely against the Officer’s shoulder, giving him permission.
It wasn’t one-sided. Castiel was certain of that much when he felt the man melt into him, and he didn’t miss the soft whimper that snuck from the man, belying the hyper-masculine front that he chose to show the world. Despite that, a flicker of doubt made itself known as the man jerked back from him and stared in shock, releasing his hold on Castiel. He simply stood there and watched, not moving as the man took a step back, fingers to his lips as he stared with wide eyes. Several thoughts ran through his mind, chief among them being ’This is a really bad idea,’ yet they disappeared instantly when the man’s eyes darkened and he surged forward, arms wrapping around Castiel while desire and anger warred heavily in his mind.
“Okay, that’s good, that’s great Cas. Now you have to learn to shift your weight. So if you think of your center of balance, you need to focus on that. So shift that over to your left foot, and when you’re ready you lift the opposite foot.”
He picked the phone back up and left the bedroom, padding out to the kitchen so he could talk without disturbing Dean.
“Yup. Mom died when I was little. It really messed Dad up, but..” Dean shrugged. “Sammy turned out pretty okay. I’m hoping he’ll come home for Christmas this year.”
His throat burned on the word, but he wasn’t sure if Castiel would want their relationship revealed. Gabriel, however, seemed to see straight through the diversion, staring at Dean with a raised eyebrow and a slight smirk. He coughed to clear his throat and continued, pointing around the room to introduce everyone in turn.
Dean sighed and wet his lips, adjusting his grip on the gun Bobby had given him. Nervousness settled in the pit of his stomach as he held the weapon steady, trained on the door that was still being hammered on ten minutes after it started. Sam stood beside him, mirroring Dean’s stance with his own weapon. The rest of the group were carrying on casually in the lounge room, ignoring the commotion.
He still had that messy sex hair, of course, but Dean didn’t mind. He made it look damn good. Dean had to wonder what that hair would look like after the angel actually did have sex, and he was aware of a distinct desire to see it.
There’s a sharp sting on his cheek and he gasps in a sudden, deep breath - then more, starving for air. The crying suddenly stopped - oh, because it was him making that sound. His chest hurt as he slowly came back to himself, listening to the voice talking quietly, calmly, in his ear. Someone was sitting on him, holding his wrists on either side of his head, stopping his flailing.
So this is where I get to change the outcome. That was the end of the true story bit. So thanks for sticking with me this far, and I hope you stay with me as the boys work through their crap to find their peace. This last part was really, extremely freakin hard to write, so I'm looking forward to moving on, and I'm appreciating the support.
him. Those eyes made him want to spill every secret and trust this stranger with his thoughts, his fears, his very life.
Sam seemed to be waiting for Dean’s response. He nodded slightly, and Sam sighed and took a step to the side so that Castiel could enter.
Castiel broke off on a cried out curse as the door was suddenly wrenched open, leaving him flailing in free air. Moments later he was falling - not forwards as he had expected, but backwards. They hit the wall, Dean falling onto him heavily and effectively pinning him to the wall as his mouth plundered Castiel’s.
There was a slight pause in conversation then. Dean could imagine Castiel tilting his head slightly, raising that eyebrow like he’d seen the man do in the past week often enough.
“Yeah okay. Well, the first I heard of him was after Cas had a really bad day at work. He was pretty angry, and we-uh-“ Dean tried to ignore the flush that crept up his cheeks. “I calmed him down, I guess... Then there was an incident, I found him having a panic attack... Later he told me Uriel had threatened him that day, and the really bad day he had was because the guy was being a dick to him and ended up getting fired.”
Dean cleaned himself off - again - then finished his shower and headed back into his room to dress. The whole time he focused on completely ignoring the confusing, accusing thoughts running through his head.
There was something... familiar, about this man. Something in him recognised the guy, though he was sure they had never met. He wasn’t quite sure what it was.
He was dimly aware of hands holding his shoulders, shaking him - But as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t react. His body wasn’t cooperating with his mind anymore. He felt, however, the moment he was pulled against a strong body and held tight. He could hear slow, steady breathing in his ear, loud and controlled. Some part of his mind recognised it, and as he copied, the breaths slowly got steadier and deeper, until eventually he was breathing normally. Control of his body returned, and he pulled away slightly, frowning in confusion.
Castiel lost his composure. His face crumpled, his heart jumped, and he dissolved into tears. Dean pulled him close, cradling him in a warm embrace. He was somewhat aware of the others congratulating him, comforting him, giving him supportive shoulder claps and hugs. But he was mostly aware of Dean, holding him close and safe, whispering soft assurances in his ear.
the man hammering on the door. That was the least of his concern right now, though - he turned to Dean, who was leaning against the wall with a blank, shocked expression.
What was he going to do when this stopped? What would he do when the training was over, and Castiel forgot he even existed? Castiel had quickly become his personal safety net, and when he was gone, Dean would have nothing to help him. Nothing to save him when he fell apart.
Silence fell as Castiel stared at Dean in shock. Had the man seriously just offered to fix up his place for nothing? No, that wasn’t possible. Nobody did anything for free anymore, there was always something expected in return. Then something clicked, and he glared at the man suspiciously.
Dean nodded slightly, but Castiel didn’t budge. He held his gaze until finally, Dean croaked out a response.
Dean seemed hesitant, circling around his hole until eventually with a growl of frustration, he pushed his hips back and Dean’s finger breached him. He moaned at the intrusion - this wasn’t his first time but somehow, this was more.
“You mean...” Dean looked up at Sam in surprise, then gave a huff of laughter when he nodded with a slight smile. “Well, shit, wouldn’t Dad be proud of us.”
Well that was definitely not what he expected. Dean just stared at his professor dumbly, not sure what to say. Castiel, for his part, simply sighed and rocked back on his heels until he was sitting on his ass on the floor and leaning forward. He was eye level with Dean now, although he still had his eyes shut, pinching the bridge of his nose. The professor seemed to be gathering his thoughts – and Dean let him. Finally, Castiel opened his eyes to meet Dean’s and dropped his hand away from his face.
Castiel held his gaze even as he briefly hesitated – But finally Dean nodded and stood from his seat. He left the room and made his way to the kitchen, thinking as he pulled his lunch out of the fridge. He felt a certain kind of satisfaction as he sat down to eat his leftover pizza, and sip from the bottle of water he’d grabbed. Oddly, he felt that same sort of feeling as he did when Castiel told him he was good. He was doing good; he was doing the right thing. It felt… nice.
“Oh shit. Shit. Um. Hold that thought.” Dean stammered as he leapt up, holding out a hand to stay Castiel. “Um. Just stay here, don’t move. And don’t say anything. And... yeah.”
Moments passed, simply searching each other’s eyes. Then slowly, Dean nodded, and a smile lit up his face. Castiel returned the smile, his chest tightening in a most pleasurable way.
Castiel moaned again, his hand tightening and moving faster on Dean’s shaft as he felt it stiffen in his hand. The noises Dean was making were purely pornographic, and he felt the man go still, fingers tightening in Castiel’s hair as the first spurts of Dean’s come shot down his throat.
“Wow.” Castiel repeated under his breath as he walked through his apartment, Dean by his side. “Just... wow, Dean.”
“Yeah, I had a good time too. Thanks, man.” Dean grinned slightly – he really had enjoyed himself. “I’ll text you about… Uh, the other thing… Later.”
He waited quietly, watching as Castiel moved around the kitchen easily. Castiel seemed to sense him, as when he turned, the only reaction was his lips quirking into a smile as he held the cup out for Dean.
The mixed group of Castiel’s and Dean’s friends and family come together to search for Cas - but time’s running out when Castiel finds out something about Uriel, and Dean has to realise his own feelings.
Castiel merely hummed in reply, then slowly sat up. He winced slightly as he pulled off Dean, feeling the loss as his cock slipped out of his hole. He shot the man an apologetic smile as he moved off the bed toward the bathroom, it when he returned he had a damp washcloth. He cleaned them both off, then tossed it in the laundry hamper.
“He’s right, Dean-o. He’s gotta be there. It will shock Michael enough that we’ll have the upper hand from the get-go.” Gabriel spoke quietly.
Dean looked up sharply, staring into Castiel’s eyes. The man had spoken in a way that left no room for argument, almost as though this wasn’t a question, but a demand. Dean stayed silent for a moment, considering – he knew if he agreed, it wasn’t just words. It was a promise, an offer of trust. And even though it had only been a few days, something had just clicked between them, as though he’d known Castiel forever. And something in him knew without a doubt that he could trust Castiel.
“Hm. Yes, you always seemed to calm down faster to this, so I thought I would try it. You seem to like the song.” Castiel answered, but he didn’t move away.
Castiel frowned slightly, then he heard the reason that Dean had broken off. Someone was jiggling the door knob outside, as though they had tried to walk in without realising it was locked. In the quiet of the apartment, it was loud, as was the sound of keys jangling.
Dean rubbed his hands together excitedly and grinned. There was only an hour left until the party would start, and he planned to spend most of it making the main party food for the kids, since Gabriel was bringing the sweets. From the corner of his eye, he saw Castiel roll his eyes, yet there was a fond smile on his face as he followed Dean to the pantry.
Dean glanced around at the other two. Jack looked excited, ready to jump out of his seat at any moment. Cas looked - well, Dean could swear he had that same mischievous glint in his eye. He sighed in defeat, dropping his head down on the table.
When the day ended, Castiel approached again. In a way, Dean was waiting for him, starting to get used to the routine. Castiel was introducing things he could count on each day, from setting his intention in the morning, to their short talks in the afternoons.
“I don’t need a shrink.” Dean snapped, then immediately felt bad. “Look, I’ll be fine. Maybe I just have to, I dunno, up my meds or something. I’ll talk to the doc about it.”
“Oh, screw this!” Dean suddenly burst out, standing quickly and causing the chair to screech across the floor, startling everyone. “You know what? We got a win. We won a battle. We might lose the war, or we might win, but either way we aren’t fighting today. Today it’s over. So I say we take the win, we go out, we have fun, and pretend the world isn’t ending every other damn day.”
As their lips met through their tears, cheers erupted from the small group gathered. They melted into each other’s arms, sobbing and laughing, as Charlie and Sam personally congratulated them. And as they proceeded to sign the wedding certificate, Castiel couldn’t help thinking...
“No debt.” Dean chuckled, taking a long drink. “I mean, there’s a bit to do, but the place is relatively solid. It’s just surface stuff.”
“Fuck Cas! Ye- Shit.. Fuck, hard- harder babe, please, please...” Dean babbled, alternating between screaming out curses and sobbing pleas.
“But.. doesn’t it upset you?” Dean asked quietly, remembering all the times his father told him that it was his fault Sam left.
He was so involved in his thoughts that he didn’t hear someone approach from behind - all he knew was that a strong hand grabbed him from behind, something soft and smelly slipped over his mouth and nose, and then everything went black.
“Dean, stop!” His hand shot to Dean’s cheek, forcing him to look at him again. Forcing him to see the want and the passion in his own eyes. “Please, stop. I need you.”
He pushed back off the table with a huff and walked away for the fifth time in the past hour, the warnings from Charlie becoming less polite each time. He knew he was annoying her, but dammit, he just wanted to find his... Boyfriend? It didn’t sound right in his head.
Dean could have imagined the soft kiss that pressed to the back of his head before he let the darkness take him under again.
Okay, so I probably should have waited to post the second chapter but I was on a roll and have exactly zero self control, so here it is.
Castiel knew what he meant. It was truly terrifying how deeply he felt for Dean, in such a short time. But, as cliche as it seemed, he felt like he’d been looking for Dean his whole life. Like this man was the one thing that had been missing all along. Maybe, perhaps, Dean felt the same way.
Castiel flushed, not quite sure of what to say to that. He stayed silent, ducking his head as he stepped aside for Dean to enter. He heard the laugh as Dean led himself to the kitchen, and he couldn’t help raising his eyes to the ceiling as he prayed for strength.
“Asleep? But it’s-“ There was a slight scuffling sound through the phone. “Oh. Right. Sorry. Wait, um, who’s this then?”
They made it to the gate that would lead them to the back yard, and Charlie held her hand up for him to wait before disappearing through it. Slowly, as he stared around at evidence of the love they’d built together, he felt his fear melt away.
“Oh come on, Mike. It can’t hurt for him to see it in black and white. Now, let’s see...” Gabriel made a show of searching the will, frowning as he read through it. “Oh... That’s odd. This clause here, about the inheritance, it says-”
“I’m so sorry, Dean.” Cas frowned, rubbing a hand over his face. “I- It hasn’t been that bad in a long time.”
For now, though, he focused on getting ready. He had already gotten out of bed while he was texting with Cas, so he headed for the bathroom. He yelled out to Sam about going out for breakfast, then closed the bathroom door and started his shower.
Claire was wary of him throughout the day, but he didn’t mind. He stood back, stayed out of the way and chatted with some of the parents. Nobody got knocked out during the piñata game, and the dozen or so of Claire’s friends seemed to have fun. At least, that was until Dean heard a woman yell, and a boy turn away from Claire with a bloody nose.
He took a step back instantly, pulling his hands away from the man and effectively breaking Castiel’s hold on him. Once free, he took an extra step away, pushing the chair behind him as he put as much distance between them as he could. He watched as Castiel seemed to fold in on himself and dropped into the nearest seat, pinching the bridge of his nose as he did so. Dean felt shame flood him, and he could barely look at Castiel even though the man had his eyes shut tight, breathing slow and even as though he was trying to regain control.
The four lapsed into silence then, pondering the days events. Lucifer was dead, killed by Dean using Michael’s power. As soon as he was gone, Michael had vacated Dean, surprising them all. Naturally, they had expected the tables to turn and screw everything, like it always did.
“Do you want my help or not?” Charlie’s fingers paused over the keys of the laptop as she glared at him.
Suddenly music blared through the speakers, and Dean winced as he heard tunes from the 80’s at top volume. The lights started flashing disco colours, and Dean realised that this place was going all out for ‘retro night’. He glanced over at Cas, prepared to make a comment. A quick glance at the grin on the angel’s face, however, stopped him. Cas was really enjoying this.
As the first ‘Harry Potter’ movie began, Cas snuggled closer into Dean’s side. A warmth blossomed through his chest, something that was different from the previous heat in oh so many ways. It was a feeling that terrified him far more than anything else.
Dean took a sip of his coffee then sat on the bed, setting his plate down on his knees. Castiel seemed to hesitate for a moment before sitting beside him, setting his own plate down on the table and wrapping both hands around his coffee cup.
“Well, look what we have here.” Uriel was standing in the door way, a shotgun aimed at Castiel and a grin on his face. “Congratulations. You found me. Too bad you won’t be leaving.”
Dean paused, one hand on the roof of the impala as he stared at baby, trying to ignore the presence that he felt behind him. He’d just gotten to work, barely made it through his morning coffee, and forgotten his pills. And now here was Castiel, catching him alone in the parking lot, making his heart drop and bringing the pain back.
Dean took a breath and did as he was told. He put his hands on his knees, under the desk – trying to stop the shaking.
Dean frowned, surprised. He didn’t know how Jody could have swung that – being that it was a Tuesday afternoon, that meant three days off. And then a thought came to mind, one that he voiced next.
Tuesday passed without incident. No episodes, or near episodes. The class was slightly smaller, too. At least five people had pulled out of the training, which Dean found odd. He supposed they were the ones who expected a cruise, and having Castiel deny that made them decide not to continue.
He took a sudden breath, not realising he had been holding it. His hands tightened where he gripped the menu, showing his fear and nervousness. Dean’s hand gently cupped over the top of his own, making him relax somewhat.
as his throat closed up with fear. By the time the doors slid open again, he was slouched on the floor. His chest heaved, unable to get his breathing under control, and he stared blankly at the floor. He could hear a voice, but he couldn’t respond to it anymore, his entire focus on getting air into his lungs.
He shook it off and started to pack his belongings into his satchel, and cleaned away the few bits of paper he had left. He grabbed his cup, and with a slight nod to Castiel, left the room.
“Yeah, it’s alright.” Dean shrugged. “I seem to be managing it alright. And the Professor teaching it is… Nice.”
“Oh. Uh, no. Just a coffee.” Dean answered, fidgeting with the printed menu on the table. “I’ll order when Jo comes over.”
“Yeah, she’s my baby.” Dean chuckled, running his hand lightly over the hood lovingly. “Beautiful, isn’t she?”
Wow, way to break the news. As soon as the words left his mouth he regretted it - it was his stress and worry talking, but he knew he should have been more gentle. Guilt coursed through him as he sighed, turning away as he ran both hands through his hair.
He tried, and failed miserably, to hide the hitch in his breath as Cas’ hand drifted over his hardening erection, pausing for a moment to give a light squeeze before moving to the button on his pants.
He found as the day progressed he was able to focus better, and calm down faster. Every time he started to worry he would count the beads again, running his thumb over the smooth surface of the beads.
Dean sighed and nodded, putting his brownie down. There was no use trying to avoid things around Missouri, he had learned that fairly quickly. She’d dragged some of his darkest moments out of him, carefully and patiently, but with her no nonsense attitude.
Dean agreed, and they spent the rest of the lunch hour discussing what this would look like and involve. Castiel requested that Dean trust him to take control as he was asked, and to never do anything he wasn’t comfortable with. He explained that should Dean feel uncomfortable, he was to ask him to stop, and Castiel would listen.
Dean gasped and arched as Castiel pressed his tongue firmly against his shaft, bobbing his head in time with his hand. His other hand slipped inside his own pants, moaning around Dean as he squeezed his own rock hard shaft.
“You and I both.” Castiel answered, dropping a kiss on the top of Dean’s head that warmed him. “But I can’t imagine what my life would be like, had I not met you. You are everything to me, Dean. I hope you know that.”
“Not at all. I mean, when we were kids he’d do anything to avoid talking about feelings,” Sam started to tell him. “Seriously, there was this one time...”
He noticed Sam coming up beside him, and this time, he initiated the comforting embrace they had earlier, both facing the group, Dean’s head on his brother’s shoulder. Sam’s arm around his shoulders grounded him, giving him the calm he needed to wait this out.
“Either way, we’ve got them, plus extra rounds. So are you up for a game?” Sam asked. “Or are you too scared we might beat you?”
“Sorry Dean, I don’t think we’re going to get much more done tonight. We’re close, but, I’m just so tired.”
And thank you for all the comments! I do read them all and try to reply, and each one makes me smile :)
Sam didn’t give him a chance to respond, and Dean bit his lip as the anger reared up in response to the silence. Sam had actually hung up on him, purely because he was with Cas. Part of him understood and appreciated the concern, but another part – the bigger part – was angry at Sam for not trusting him to make his own damn decisions.
“I thought that if you were angry with me, I could stay away from you. I tried, Dean. But I just can’t. I feel… drawn to you, in a way I don’t understand.”
And it’s finished! I started this story in a great place... And finished it in a pretty bad place (referring to my life) but I hope that you have all enjoyed the reading.
“Oh, you didn’t do anything at first, Castiel. But you, your kind-“ Here he sneered menacingly. “Shouldn’t be allowed to exist. I would have overlooked it, just this once - but then you went and cost me a job. That wasn’t very nice, now was it?”
“Dean.” He took a deep breath to calm and center himself, then straightened and stood tall. His hands caught Dean’s cheeks, cradling his face as he stared into his eyes. “My injuries will heal, regardless of what I do. I needed extra help yesterday, because of the hospital medication. I can face Michael without him even knowing there is anything wrong with me, besides the facial bruising. I know you are trying to protect me, but I- Dean, I need to do this. I have never stood up to him. For me to be truly free of him, I have to do this. Do you understand?”
“Yeah? Well, sorry doesn’t just magically make it alright, man.” Dean crossed his arms, watching Castiel. Admittedly, he hadn’t expected the apology, but he wasn’t going to let the guy get away with it that easily.
“I will catch you, Dean. I will be here, I will support you, and I will catch you should you fall.” Castiel’s eyes stared into his, reminding him of the way that the man always seemed to see straight to his core. “I may be scared about what you will tell me, but I will not abandon you in this. Trust me, Dean.”
Dean felt his chest constrict in sympathy. Gabriel had shown up here with no idea that his brother had been taken, and that this was a rescue mission. He could only imagine how he would feel if someone took Sam. With that thought in mind, he grabbed onto Gabriel’s shoulder and dragged him to the kitchen, shooting the others a look that begged for privacy.
More than once Dean turned from his finished reading or quiz to find Castiel sitting beside him, leaning forward on his little stool. When Dean looked up, Castiel would smile and nod slightly, then be on his way.
“No.” Bobby cut in, protectively pulling Dean tighter to his side as he turned away. “You’ve done enough.”
“Good, Dean. That’s very good. But I want you to know I am not concerned with the outcome of the day; as long as you have done what I asked, I will be happy. Do you understand?”
“I’ll be alright, Dean.” He replied, leaning forward to press a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips. “Thank you for warning me.”
Then Cas pushed off the wall and joined Sam and Jack, leaving Dean to quickly turn himself around, flushing furiously as he tried to find a way to the bathroom without revealing the slightly wet mark on the front of his pants.
Short, imperceptible little rolls of his hips were rubbing their cocks together in a delicious way, and there was no denying that the angel intended on getting him off right there in front of everyone. The part of Dean’s mind that was trying to convince him not to do this had gone silent now, and it was only Cas’ full body on his that kept him from bucking into the angel, desperate as he felt heat working its way from his belly down to his balls.
“I hope you don’t mind my choice.” Castiel told him softly as he held Dean close, his hands resting lightly on his hips. “I have felt like this is ‘our song’ for awhile.”
“Yeah.. Yeah, next time.” Dean replied breathily, watching as he pulled a bottle of astroglide from the bedside table.
Castiel smiled reassuringly at him, then stepped into the dark room. Moments later the light was flicked on, and he gasped aloud, floored. All four walls were painted with a captivating forest scene. The image of trees stretched from floor to ceiling, complete with little flowers amid long grass at the bottom of the walls. He stepped closer, reaching out to touch the little bees painted on the flowers - he smiled up at the image of a bird sitting in a nest in one of the trees. A small pond was carefully painted into the wall, making it look like it was in the distance.
The party went absolutely perfectly, Dean decided. Sure, there were a few mishaps, but at the end of the day everyone was happy. Dean and Castiel had just finished getting little sandwiches cut up to put with the rest of the food when Claire and Gabriel had arrived.
Gabriel was silent for a few beats as he read the schedule. When his eyes flicked back up, Cas noted a tinge of concern in them. He pursed his lips, ready to defend his choice to continue something that had been forced on them throughout their childhood. His brother’s next words, however, drew him up short.
Dean could already feel the heat pooling in his belly, his balls drawing up tight, asshole starting to clench with the effort of holding back. His statement didn’t deter the angel - instead he started to bob his head, nearly drawing completely off Dean before dipping back down, until his lips were brushing the base of his cock.
Dean looked at his brother, taking in just how much Sam had matured over time. He remembered all the times he had been the one giving Sammy advice, helping him through difficult situations. Now the tables were turned, and he found himself agreeing.
“God, I missed you,” Dean breathed, resting their foreheads together with closed eyes. “I thought I’d never find you.”
A tense silence followed then, as each waited for the other to do something. Dean couldn’t see a way out of this, where they would all get out alive. That was, until there was a resounding explosion from the doorway. Uriel stiffened, then as though it were slow motion, Dean watched in shock as he slumped to the floor. His eyes were open, staring in blank shock as blood pooled on the floor around his head.
“Yep.” Charlie paused, then looked up at Dean with a slight, worried frown. “I’ll find him, Dean. We’ll get him back.”
The elevator dinged and the doors opened, to reveal the apartment block manager along with two police officers. The manager pointed at the man with a yell of “That’s him!”
Once lunch break rolled around, he and Castiel ate together in the meeting room. Castiel asked him if he’d thought of a safe word – Dean had chosen ‘Impala.’ Of course. Castiel smiled in response, then told him his own safe word was simply ‘Red’. Castiel explained that he was to use his safe word if he found himself in a situation where he needed to stop immediately, without discussion. Once Dean agreed to use it if needed, they moved on.
Charlie stared at him silently, obviously waiting for him to continue. Dean sighed softly, and Charlie picked up on it, immediately shaking her head.
Castiel watched his face, noticing how excited the command seemed to make Dean. Castiel was in the mood to dominate, and he guessed by the reactions that Dean was relishing in the thought of giving up control.
Dean frowned slightly, looking at Castiel. He did study most nights, but he thought that was a good thing? Still, he listened.
Dean had already seen the man write his number on the whiteboard earlier, and had saved it in his phone. While the class was doing the same, he glanced down to the scribbles he’d been thoughtlessly jotting down all day in his notebook. He frowned slightly, noticing that the page was full, and he read the words he had written for the first time.
“Boy, when was the last time you spoke to your brother without arguing over some stupid shit?” Bobby growled, instantly moving to disapproval.
Turned out, Naomi had been embezzling company funds while coercing the contractors to keep their mouth shut under the promise of sexual favours. The contractors were blackmailed into signing that they were receiving twice the money that they were actually paid; Naomi had coerced them into a relationship then held it over them, threatening to file claims of rape if they refused.
His world was narrowing quickly. He could hear a rushing in his ears, and he knew from experience it wouldn’t be long before he blacked out. His breath was coming fast, too fast, in short gasps, and he was losing control. If Castiel knew what was good for him he would run, leave Dean as the mess he was, and run far away. Yet the next thing he felt was warm hands, cupping each side of his face and forcing him to turn around.
Jo finally recovered from her giggles and fixed him with a sarcastic smile, her eyebrow raised and her hand on her hip in that well known pose.
Charlie left, shooting him the peace sign on her way out of the kitchen, which made him roll his eyes. He shoved the gift into his satchel, telling himself he’d think about it later, then grabbed his coffee and made his way down the hall to the meeting rooms.
He finally snapped out of it when Charlie elbowed him and handed him a ring. He took it, staring at the thin metal band for a moment before meeting Dean’s eyes again. Silence fell.
“Hmm... That has to be a new record.” Cas answered after he popped off Dean’s cock, chuckling to himself softly as he worked the fingers inside Dean, stretching him, rubbing against that bundle of nerves.
The next day seemed to pass incredibly slow for Dean. He barely made it on time, so he had no chance to talk before the class began. Through the day he kept stealing furtive glances at Castiel, trying to figure out what his response to Dean’s answer was, but the man didn’t give anything away. He carried on his day as usual, directing the class to read specific texts, or complete quizzes.
Sam’s voice was loud in the small café as he flung the door open and stepped in, a huge smile on his face as he spotted Dean and Castiel. He rushed over, leaning over the table to pull them both into a crushing hug.
“Dean, stop!” Castiel’s voice cracked like a whip and Dean’s eyes shot to his face, stunned into silence.
The class dispersed noisily, and Dean shut his eyes for a moment, shutting out the chaos. He couldn’t tell how long he sat there, eyes shut, trying to shut off his thoughts, trying to collect himself enough to walk out of here with some dignity. He got lost in his thoughts, sitting there longer than necessary, unaware of the world around him – until he felt a hand drop onto his shoulder. He jumped as his eyes flew open, and he simultaneously slammed the notebook shut.
Dean glanced over at Sam, who looked up from his own weapon after a few moments. He could see the look of gratitude that he felt himself. Bobby had stepped in for their Dad, as he’d been doing so long before they’d been seperated. Without thinking, Dean threw one arm around Bobby, noticing Sam doing the exact same on his other side.
“Well, I did raise her to stand up for herself.” Castiel answered quietly, but there was a slight grin on his face. “Come on, there’s still half an hour of this party to go.”
“…Cas.” Dean breathed, then he crumpled in on himself as the memories surfaced. “Shit, I’m so sorry, I’m not… I’ll just- I’ll just go, I’m sorry, I-“
Castiel glanced up as he put new cups of coffee on the table, concerned at the way the brothers had suddenly sobered and gone silent. He could see the guilt that ran through Dean’s face as he looked down, and wished he could comfort him. But he stayed at the table, denying any touch in front of Sam. He was going to keep his distance until - if - Dean chose to initiate it.
“If you need a break-“ Castiel started again quietly, but stopped when Dean shook his head. “Okay. But please ask if you need something.”
There was no mistaking him - the man wore an expensive suit and was having a heated conversation with Gabriel. When Gabriel gestured to their table, the man turned, and Castiel found himself unable to breathe again as the man’s eyes located his, and shot him a nasty grin.
Finally, he opened his eyes and sat up, glancing around the unfamiliar room. Disorientated, he immediately searched for his phone, only to find it plugged into the charger and resting on the bedside table.
“We might want to get up soon, though. The police are waiting.” Dean chuckled, kissing his lips gently.
The waiting was torture. Dean’s mind couldn’t decide whether he wanted Castiel to just freaking do it already, give in to the temptation and kiss him so Dean could have what he was craving  – or whether he wanted the man to stop, back off and put that careful line back between them. He knew what the safer option was, but apparently his brain wasn’t listening to that, because he found himself leaning slightly closer.
There was nothing Dean could really say to that. He was trying to be careful, trying to keep himself distanced, but he couldn’t seem to control the way he felt. It was like he just clicked with Castiel - the man understood him, and all Dean could do was hold on for the ride. To be honest it terrified him - but he wasn’t about to say any of that to Sam, it would just worry him more than he already was. So instead, he just nodded slightly and left the kitchen to get ready for work.
Woohoo! Early update! I started writing tonight and couldn’t stop, so I figured why hold out! Hope you enjoy.
His sternum had been broken in three places, according to the doctor, which left a hell of a lot of pain. He winced, then looked back at Castiel. The man had turned around for a moment and was grabbing something, and when he turned back, Dean realised he’d grabbed one of the hospital towels and was rolling it up into a bundle. When he’d finished, he used a piece of tape to secure it, then handed it to Dean.
Sam looked up at him, his face a mixture of disbelief and hope. Dean glanced at Charlie, seeing the same expression on her face. Seriously? They both thought he actually jumped? How badly depressed and screwed up must he be for them to immediately think that?
Dean looked back at him, widening his eyes and shrugging the opposite shoulder in a way that said I-dunno-I-wasn’t-expecting-that.
Humming in the post orgasm bliss, they wrapped around each other, falling into an easy sleep together. The morning would bring something new, but for now this was all that mattered.
“He doesn’t usually?” Castiel frowned, refraining from commenting that Dean himself had turned out pretty okay too.
“Are you certain?” Cas pulled back, searching his eyes, face betraying clear shock. “That is... very different, from what you are used to. We don’t have to go there, Dean.”
Dean sighed and leant back against the wall, trying to appear calm. His heart was racing, however - he knew that they were closer than they had yet been to finding Castiel. It was only a matter of time now, time they didn’t have.
“Then we take it as it comes. One day at a time. I’m not going anywhere.” His eyes searched Dean’s, begging the man silently to believe him, trust him. “Stay, Dean. Stay with me.”
Dean bit his bottom lip hard, causing him to cry out with the fine pain and pleasure combination. He felt something slide around his wrists and tighten, instantly recognising the feel of his own belt. His wrists were secured to the bed head - loose enough that if he tried, he could get free. He didn’t try.
“Good, cause it’s too late now. Come on, Prince Charming. Cinderella awaits.” Charlie grinned at him as she held the gate open.
“Oh.. Uh, thanks, Charlie.” Castiel was seriously starting to doubt his acting skills as he tried to keep his surprise off his face, taking the envelope that Charlie handed over.
“Paintball guns.” Dean echoed, gazing at Sam with a what-the-hell look. “Is this another of your brainiac ideas like skating?”
“Dude, not my fault that I didn’t hit mute properly before I told you what a winging Karen that client was. Maybe if she wasn’t a whinging Karen, I wouldn’t have said anything!” Charlie shot back defensively, though she was grinning the whole time, and Dean couldn’t help laughing with her.
Finally they stopped, and just spent a few moments looking at each other. Castiel had a soft smile that Dean had only ever seen directed at him, and it made him feel warm.
“That’s it. Good boy. You’re so good for me, Dean.” Castiel soothed, and Dean could feel the man’s hands running over his back comfortingly.
He was leaning over Charlie’s shoulder, staring at the laptop screen as it played several different camera streams at once. His fingers tapped impatiently on the table, and he completely missed Charlie’s eye roll as she sipped at her coffee.
He crept along the front wall, his eyes peeled outwards for any sign of life out here. Bobby and Charlie were watching as well and, comforted by the cover, he turned and carefully tried the door knob. It turned silently and, carefully as he could, he pushed the door an inch open and paused.
Dean was quiet for a few moments, trying to understand what the man was saying. He didn’t fully understand what it meant to have patience with himself, and it seemed that Castiel was offering to teach him that. The problem was, he had a million doubts that he would be able to actually learn anything new. He wasn't smart enough, was too broken and uncontrolled. Still…
“What are you talking about?” Dean paused for a moment, then it clicked. “Whatever’s in here… this is what you’ve been hiding, isn’t it? Is this... I dreamed a conversation between you and Cas, or I thought I did. Was it... real?”
”Oh, sleeping beauty is awake.” A voice came from the front, followed by a dark chuckle. “Hope you’re comfortable.”
He reached the door to the apartment next to his, dimly glad of the fact that nobody else lived on this floor as he braced one hand on the door, the other curling into a fist and hammering on the decorative wood as hard as he could, intent on making himself heard over the loud banging and rock music blaring from the place.
“You remember. Only, this is going to go a little differently. The way it should have gone, the first time.”
The man huffed with annoyance, shifting the toolbox he was carrying to his other hand. Castiel’s eyes were drawn to it, not having noticed it before. He wondered what this man was working on.
Dean slowly, carefully nodded, though he didn’t dare to open his eyes just yet. Castiel’s voice was careful and soothing and slowly, he began to try to copy the man’s breathing again, just following what he could feel under his hands.
Castiel stood from his seat, glancing first at Gabriel, then Dean, judging their reactions to his rash statement. Neither of them looked happy.
Yeah, so, not alot of action in this one, mostly talking. But, it's there for a reason and is necessary. Also new tag added and more will be added as the story moves along.
Castiel took a deep breath and nodded, placing his trust in Dean as he reached out and took his hands. Dean pulled his friend along as he propelled himself backwards onto the rink, gently reminding him occasionally to adjust his position.
“This seems familiar, doesn’t it Dean?” Cas growled at him, cutting him off. “Except last time, I was the one trapped. Do you remember?”
The feeling as Dean slipped the ring onto his finger was indescribable. It was more than a physical feeling, it was his heart exploding with love. There was a moment of silence, again, before finally-
“You never, ever have to apologise for your emotions, your mental state, anything. Not to me.” Castiel told him firmly, his gaze intense. “Never. I will be here for you every single time, and I will not judge you, I will not think less of you. You never have to hide with me. Do you understand?”
Castiel looked up at his lover - into worried, tired green eyes. He sighed softly to himself, slowly lifting himself out of the passenger seat as he braced himself on the frame of the impala with one hand. His other arm was in a sling, mostly to stop him moving it and damaging the shoulder wound or his fractured arm.
“Well, guess we should count our blessings and thank Cas that we’re back here in one piece.” Sam broke the silence.
It was the second night that Dean had come over. The night before Dean had decided to start by painting the walls. All the priming work he had done then, leaving Castiel uncertain what to do. Tonight, however, they had started by laying out drop sheets. Then Dean had passed him a paint roller and informed Castiel he would be helping.
Dean thought with frustration, but he didn’t voice his feelings or let them creep into his tone as he answered the client. He was getting better at doing that.
“No kidding you didn’t hear me, but it’s more than that. Come on, dude, you looked like someone ran your dog over or something.” Charlie told him, then she stopped, a thoughtful expression on her face. “Is it Castiel? What did he do?”
He frowned as there was no reply, turning toward the trash carts. He froze, however, when he saw the bag on the ground - the same kitchen trash that Castiel had taken out, nowhere near where it should have been. It had been dropped a bare few paces from the elevator.
He pulled his head back slightly, enough to gaze into Dean’s beautiful, worried eyes. This was what they had won - his freedom to be with Dean, to love him openly, with no restrictions. To build a future with this man that he had fallen head over heels for in no time at all.
“Well actually,” Sam spoke seriously. “We were watching some old videos I found - the one where we went skating when Dad was on the banshee hunt, remember? Cas and Jack got real excited and wanted to try.”
“I quit. What your father said, it made sense. So,” Castiel shrugged slightly, not looking at Dean. “I told management I would either be allowed to make my own decisions or quit. They chose to accept my resignation.”
Dean huffed out a slightly frustrated sigh, offering his hands out to the angel to hold onto. Castiel took them with minimal hesitation and slowly pulled himself up to stand, shakily.
He glared back at his brother, warning him silently. As far as he knew, his brother didn’t know about his infatuation with Castiel. It was all a big joke around that whole ‘profound bond’ line that Cas had given them. But then, Sam always had a tendency for knowing more than Dean liked him to.
“I do. I do, Cas.” Dean’s voice shook, but he didn’t break, not yet. “I... I wasn’t always like this, you know. So... so fragile...”
Dean gasped softly as Castiel nipped at his lower lip, parting his lips, his entire body on board for more, more… But Castiel drew away, his eyes shut, breathing slowly and steadily as it appeared he tried to regain control.
“Dean, come on back to earth now.” Ellen’s voice was amused, and it snapped Dean back out of his thoughts to find her watching him across the table. “Thinking pretty hard there.”
“Think they heard you whether they wanted to or not.” Dean grinned. “I guess that’s just a hazard of staying at our place.”
Dean just laughed and took Castiel’s hand to pull him along. Castiel had been banned from his own bedroom for the past two nights - Dean had been working on it in short bursts throughout the week, then covered the walls with sheets and forbidden Cas from looking. Then he’d told Castiel to sleep on the couch instead, since he could no longer properly hide his work.
Dean didn’t respond - he just shot him a glare that told him to shut up before he ended up walking. Sam cracked one eye open enough to see it, then rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“I- Yes, that would make me feel better...” Castiel answered, keeping the confusion out of his voice as much as possible.
Not long after, he’d been transferred from Gordon’s team to Jody’s, and she was more understanding – but it hadn’t helped, he’d continued to have episodes. And while she didn’t fire him, he felt like she should have by now. These episodes were happening too often and were putting pressure on people unnecessarily – like now, when he’d had an episode during training, of all things.
“Dean, can I ask... Do you know what a panic attack is?” Castiel spoke gently now, as though he was wary of scaring Dean away.
“I’m.. usually rather placid. I like quiet, and organisation. I write lists nearly every day, of what to do. I probably work too much, and don’t really take care of my health as much as I should. I care about people way too much, and get attached easily. Though at present, that isn’t an issue, since I don’t really know anyone here. What else? Um... I like bees, and Elvis. I also, um...” He paused, wondering whether to drift into serious territory or not. The look on Dean’s face, compelled by every word, convinced him to continue. “I.. suffer from anxiety.”
“Apologies, Sam. I can talk now. So what did Bobby tell you?” He pressed a button on the coffee machine, starting the brew.
“Do you think they were listening?” Castiel asked with a slight chuckle after they had recovered somewhat.
Half an hour later, Dean sidled up beside him as he finished washing up the few things he’d used to prepare dinner. He quietly grabbed a second beer from the fridge and held it up questioningly. Dean nodded, so he opened the bottle and passed it over, then turned around to lean back against the counter top. Dean grinned at him, mirroring his position opposite him as he dropped his note pad on the counter.
“You are-“ Castiel paused, his mind flicking to the news reports, killings that spanned over a year in his area. “You, you’re the - the pride killer.”
Saturday and Sunday were a little easier. Saturday morning had found him underneath his beautiful, calming baby – working on the impala helped in ways that nothing else could, and he found himself giving her a complete service while humming along to the tunes of Metallica that came from the speakers in the garage.
Dean frowned and looked back at Castiel to see him getting up from his seat. Dean’s shoulders slumped as he realised he had missed his last chance to properly sort this out, and he watched as Castiel made his way to the door. Just before the man left, he turned and looked at Dean, shooting him an apologetic smile.
He glanced back up to Castiel to show the man that he’d left them there - Castiel would probably notice them missing soon - only to see the man still watching him. Slowly, Castiel glanced at the beads, then back at Dean, and he nodded slightly. He was letting Dean keep them, for the moment, it seemed. Dean gave him a half smile, then Castiel shifted his gaze elsewhere, focusing on the other students.
Also for those following from the beginning we're nearly at the end of the true story bit and onto the part where I can change the ending soooo... if you have anything you want to see happen feel free to mention it from here on in and I'll see what I can do :)
“Oh, Castiel. You should have thought of that before. You know the rules of this engagement.” Michael pulled his face into a sympathetic look, which came out as more of a grimace. This time, Castiel wasn’t buying his fake sympathy. “Had you only checked in with me, this wouldn’t have to happen. But I can’t trust you now, you see? This isn’t my ideal solution, of course, but I must protect you and our family. So you both will need to return home with me, immediately. Of course, I will arrange the sale of your apartment, along with transport of your personal effects.”
He glanced up again, only to find Dean staring back at him with confusion. He frowned slightly, having expected either anger or sad understanding, but not confusion.
“I got drunk, man. I was just sitting there on the edge, looking at the view, drinking. I went to grab another beer, and I hadn’t brought enough over. So, I got up to go to the car. I was gonna sit in baby, listen to some tunes, drink until I passed out, you know?” Dean frowned as he remembered, realising now how stupid he had been. He should have crawled away from the edge before he stood up. “When I got up and turned around, I slipped… That’s the last thing I remember.”
“Fuck!” Dean cursed, and Castiel could hear the hitch that implied he wasn’t far from coming undone.
Castiel froze for a moment, his hand still on the sleeve that was now pushed up Dean’s forearm to his elbow. Dean looked away, not wanting to see the reaction, tears pricking at his eyes again. Damnit, he was so stupid. He’d forgotten that Sam had pinned the bandage down at his wrist, and then he’d pulled his sleeve over the bandage. So of course, to find the end, Castiel was going to have to lift the sleeve.
Dean breathed out a long sigh as he ended the call and dropped the phone on the table, staring at it as though it would bite him. He glanced up to see Sam, Bobby and Jo Harvelle all staring at him in amusement.
“Okay, thank you.” Castiel spoke again once the room was quiet. “Now, I have a few expectations in my training groups. One is that you be on time, every day, or let me know otherwise. My phone number is written at the front – please save it now, and send me a message should you be late.”
“Hm. So, no morning nookie before coffee. Noted.” Dean answered, chuckling at the horrified expression Castiel immediately shot him.
“He’s right, Dean.” Charlie told him quietly, and when he scoffed again she shook her head. “No, seriously. You’re a pain in the ass at the best of times, but you’re also pretty awesome. Now I don’t know what’s going on with Castiel, but he does seem to care. Maybe he has his own issues that are stopping him, but you gotta talk to him.”
Castiel stood from the bench, and Dean followed him as he started walking along the path that ran beside the little creek. They both tossed their empty cups into a trash can and just walked for a few minutes leisurely.
Dean gave a sad, but grateful smile, feeling for the first time like he could do something useful. He unlocked the phone and started scrolling through the contacts, looking for familiar names that had come up in conversation previously. He recognised a fair few of the names, and made a mental list of who to call.
“Yeah. S’good.” Dean mumbled through a mouthful of brownie. When Missouri shot him a disapproving look, he quickly swallowed before continuing. “Took baby for a drive on the weekend. That was nice.”
He barely heard Bobby reciting the necessary words as the ceremony began. He was lost in Dean’s eyes, his thumb rubbing small circles as he held his partners hands. How was it that this person had stumbled into his life so dramatically and changed every aspect, to bring them to this point?
And despite how much he claimed to hate chick flick moments, something in Dean’s soul soared then, set free by his proclamation. Their kisses became deeper, more loving and less desperate, despite the rest of their clothes slowly shedding until they were both pressing together, stark naked.
Castiel stepped forward into waiting arms cautiously, embracing his brother. He couldn’t help softening, though, despite his trepidation at Gabriel’s reason for being here. In moments he was shaking with soft sobs, his arms tightening around the shorter man’s shoulders.
“Great! Now that that’s settled, let’s get this party happening!” Charlie grinned and led the way out of the coffee shop.
Castiel just nodded and, after a few moments, removed his hand from Dean’s shoulder. Dean carefully stowed the notebook away, and they sat in a comfortable silence for a few moments. He took a sip of his coffee, thinking about what he had said. It was so easy to trust Castiel, and it should scare him. But for some reason this one thing, as strange as it was, this didn’t scare him.
“Bobby and Charlie are coming in later, and they’ll sit in the corner over there. We figured it would be better for everyone to blend in as couples. They all have their parts to play, and they know them well. We’ll lead the conversation as much as we can.”
“What do you want me to say, Sammy?” Dean hated the way his voice broke in the middle, and the way tears stung at his eyes. “I’m not fine? Well I’m not, man. I’m so freakin’ far from fine it ain’t funny.”
Later that night, when Castiel was comfortably in bed with nothing but silence surrounding him, he broke. The tears flowed freely, wracking his body as he wondered what kind of person he had become.
Cas licked a slow circle around the head, then gently took it into his mouth, suckling just on the head. His eyes shot up to meet Dean’s as he lowered his head torturously slow, watching the man struggle as he took the entire length into his mouth. Dean’s breath was coming in sharp, ragged breaths, and he was biting down on his lip so hard he thought it might bleed.
After ten minutes of telling her he was just stressed, and her refusing to believe him, Castiel had broken down. He began finally telling the kind, caring redhead all about what the coworker had been doing since he started several weeks ago. It was mostly just derogatory comments, but the man had physically harmed him a few times. Castiel considered them to be little things - pushing him down the stairs, or pushing him into a stack of drinks while he was stocking fridges.
“Wow, Cas, she has perfect timing. Now you can see that Michael’s telling the truth.” Sam grinned slightly, then quickly schooled his expression into a neutral one.
It was different, seeing this version of Castiel. The man has so many different sides to him, little changes that kept on surprising him – like the Castiel at work, serious and intense, or the morning Cas that was grumpy and sleepy. The parent Cas, careful and loving, was one of Dean’s favourites – at least, aside from the Castiel in bed, commanding and yet gentle. Dean found himself looking forward to getting to know every side of Castiel.
“Holy shit,” The man muttered, pulling back to stare at Castiel. He looked absolutely wrecked already, his breath coming in desperate pants and gasps. “Been a while, huh?”
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean grumbled as he reached for the coffee. He immediately took a sip and sighed softly as it warmed his chest. “Mm, you’re good at coffee. You can stay.”
He blinked as he saw he was in view of the bench now, not realising how far he’d come while his thoughts had drifted. And Ellen was right – in the fading light he could just see Castiel sitting on the bench, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees and his face resting in his hands. He approached slowly, not wanting to alert the man to his presence just yet.
“Yep.” Crowley answered this time, a smirk crossing his face. “Turned out Daddy didn’t want to front the money to get her off the charges. He was happy to sign for the compensation and court fees, which, by the way, goes to a lot of people – but he said she had to learn a lesson. Five years behind bars, and that’s if she’s a good girl.”
Dean was shell-shocked, sitting at the massive map table in the bunker with his head in his hands. It couldn’t be possible. No way. Nope.
“Cas, hey, I know you don’t want to go, but if he has a legal right,” Sam implored with a sad smile, leaning across the table to pat his hand gently, pretending to play along. His eyes begged Cas to understand and follow his lead. “I’m sure Michael can show you the will, and of course the legal paperwork that appoints him your guardian into adulthood, if it would make you feel better?”
He focused as much as he could, trying to be aware of his breathing and finally, managing to start to slow it down. He kept his hands where they were, the warmth and firmness of Castiel grounding him somewhat.
Dean flushed scarlet as he realised what Sam was talking about. Jesus, how much had Sam actually heard?
The confusion cleared from green eyes, and Dean smiled slightly as he reached to take the bottle from Castiel. He felt himself pulled down into another deep, heated kiss, their tongues tangling as he heard the bottle open. Moments later he moaned into Dean’s mouth as he felt gentle fingers stroke down his crack, then press against the tight ring of muscle at his centre.
Dean nodded slightly, trusting. Castiel smiled in response, and they said a quick goodbye before going their separate ways. Dean glanced over at the Café and saw Jo watching him with a glint in her eye, Ellen nowhere to be seen. He rolled his eyes and turned away, heading back to the car. He was absolutely not going to open that can of worms with Jo today.
“I-But, I can’t just- Sam!” Dean sputtered, watching his brother’s grin grow. “Where the hell did you even get the idea?!”
He glanced around quickly, noting that none of the other patrons were taking notice of their odd position.
They moved together, Dean pressing his hips down as Cas drove into him, hitting his prostate on every thrust and drawing delicious moans from his lips. Dean was losing in, unable to keep himself quiet or hold still. As the tension built, Dean slipped a hand down to wrap fingers around his cock. The simple pressure had him crying out as his hand moved in time with Castiel’s hard thrusts.
“He’s just... He’s sweet, and kind. But he’s also fierce and strong. He doesn’t take my shit, but he doesn’t try to scare me, either. And he can be so damn fragile, but he doesn’t hide it from me. He lets me help him, pull him back. And he- he helps me, too. And it’s all too fast, and it’s terrifying, but when we’re together, it’s like I’ve been searching for him my whole life. I need him, and he needs me.”
Castiel had lost sense of any time that had passed, along with a possible location. He’d come to already tied to a wooden chair in what appeared to be a small shack, with no idea of how long he’d been out for. That being so, it was impossible to calculate how far from home he’d been taken.
Images flashed through his mind, imagining that it was Cas’ hands on him. Cas’ fingers gently moving down his legs, tickling up his inner thighs. Cas’ blue eyes staring up at him as his fingertips gently stroked up from the base of his cock, circling around the tip teasingly. Cas’ palm that cupped his balls, even as his other hand formed a firm grip around his erection and started stroking slowly, teasingly.
“No, you won’t. Dean, I had to call your name five times and you didn’t hear me once.” Jody paused, giving Dean a chance to argue. He didn’t, and it seemed to take the wind out of her. “Log out and come with me.” Jody sighed, then she got up and went to her own desk.
He took the elevator down to the underground parking, where the trash carts were also kept. As the doors closed, he pondered on Sam’s presence in their lives. He was happy for Dean, of course he was, but the niggling doubts in the back of his mind were back. He wondered if Dean would leave now - move in with his brother, leaving Castiel as a fond memory. The thoughts brought his mood down quickly, and he found his eyes welling with tears as he stepped out of the elevator and headed for the trash carts.
“Thank you, Dean. That was very kind of you, but you should have woken me. I could have helped.” Castiel answered as he took the plate and cup that Dean offered.
“You cost me a job, fairy.” Uriel growled, taking a step closer. “That’s going to cost you. Now that I know where you live, it will come when you least expect it. But it will come. Every shadow, every strange sound - that could be me, Castiel, coming to exact my revenge.”
Dean nodded slightly and stood from his seat, grabbing his satchel as he went. He took a step to follow Castiel, but before he could go far he felt himself trip forward unexpectedly – damn shoelace – only to find himself being caught against Castiel’s chest, the man’s arms circling him lightly. He grimaced, mentally kicking himself -
Dean closed his eyes, squeezed them tight. He didn’t want Castiel to see this part of him, and yet he couldn’t find the strength to pull away from the man. Something stopped him, as much as he refused to turn around, he also couldn’t pull away – whether it was a sense of not wanting to upset Castiel, or a sense of wanting someone to finally see, he didn’t know. He didn’t – couldn’t – care which.
Dean stood and offered a hand. With a smile, Castiel took his hand and stood, and continued to hold the offered hand. Dean paused, waiting for confirmation; Castiel nodded, then followed him out to where the police were waiting.
“I believe you, boy.” Missouri answered. “But I don’t think that’s all there is to talk about, do you?”
Two on his front were yellow, which were from a particularly amusing confrontation with Sam. They had crossed paths on a residential street and, using the parked cars as shields, fired at each other amid confusion from passers-by. They hurled insults back and forth, laughing like children as they fired mercilessly, anything not moving quickly caught in the crossfire.
“Seventeen or so. I was a bit of a troublemaker back home so I guess the cops just assumed my bruises were from fights I got into. Most of ‘em were, anyway.”
Now there was a slight smirk joining that glint in Cas’ eyes. The angel knew he didn’t imagine the shakiness in Dean’s voice, nor the way the man shifted to ease the discomfort of an obvious erection. He pretended not to notice it, of course. He had played the ‘ignorant angel’ for so long that he had learned to enjoy it, and it wasn’t time for this game of theirs to end just yet.
He watched silently as several emotions played out across Dean’s face. There was shock, anger, and finally a sad acceptance.
He would tell Cas it was just out of respect, reciprocating the actions Cas had performed on Dean. He would even tell himself that, even make an effort to believe it. But at some point, he would have to admit that it wasn’t that simple. He wanted Cas, wanted to see him fall apart like he so effectively did to Dean. He wanted to watch the angel surrender control, completely, just for him.
Dean nodded slightly and stayed where he was, standing awkwardly by the door. The longer that the silence stretched on, the more Dean’s head swirled with guilt. He knew that Castiel had drawn that line, insisted on distance between them. He obviously didn't want Dean as anything more, but Dean had put them in a situation where Castiel had reacted. He shouldn’t have let this happen, shouldn’t have let himself so close. Now for all appearances Castiel was struggling with something that he shouldn’t have needed to, and Dean blamed himself for it.
He didn’t see the look that flickered over Dean’s face or the way the man tensed, as though he had guessed what was going through Castiel’s mind.
legal document-“ Sam produced a set of papers from a briefcase he had sitting beside him. “You’re free to inspect it, but it basically says that you will not contact Castiel or come within speaking distance of him ever again. You will also repay all the money you took from him, along with recompense for his trauma. You’re also signing a confession to everything you’ve done to Castiel, which-“
“Nonono!” Dean cried out, trying to move against Cas, pinned by the angel’s weight. “Need you, you have to... move, please, damn Cas just fuck me please!”
It was nothing new, of course. He’d often had those thoughts flitting across his mind, thoughts that were definitely *not* pure when considering the Angel across from him. Thankfully the battles they’d faced had pushed it to the background. But now they were back with a vengeance, and he tried to convince himself it was just because he seriously needed to get laid. With someone not-Cas, he added to himself quickly.
“Yep.” Sam answered, popping the p as he took his breakfast to the table, shooting Dean another glare. “Came home just in time to hear most of it.”
That husky, dominating voice sent fire through his veins like he had never known before, yet he instinctually stilled any movement. Without even thinking about it, he had just handed over irrefutable evidence that he wanted this desperately. Cas clearly understood that, judging by a low chuckle in his ear.
One hand squeezed his thigh, letting him know it was okay. As he watched, the other hand sped up, and Castiel was lost for a moment watching the way Dean pleasured himself, his wrist turning slightly every few strokes. He watched the precome drip from the tip and bit down on his lip, wishing he could taste.
Castiel tried to pull him back as Dean stepped in front of him, but the man stood firm. He didn’t want Dean to get hurt on his account, and he had no idea how far Uriel would go. The look in the man’s eyes made him scared.
“What happened was my fault. I should not have allowed us to be in such a vulnerable position, and that is completely on me. I did not mean to make you feel like this. I assure you I am still here for you to talk to, so long as our relationship remains professional.”
“CAS!” Dean cried out, his feet finding purchase on the bed, giving him the stability to arch his entire body off the bed.
“Dean...” He whispered to himself, the word full of desperation and hope as tears tracked down his face again.
“I apologise, Dean. I should have exercised more caution and control. However, I would prefer not to discuss this any further. May I walk you back to your car?”
Castiel just frowned at him, not understanding. He thought it was quite understanding of Michael to have let him off the hook the way he did. And, after all, he had spent the money on this place knowing that he wasn’t going to run the business, so it was only fair that he pay it back. Wasn’t it? And Michael wasn’t controlling him, just.. making sure he didn’t tarnish the family name, he supposed. The look on Dean’s face, however, and his next words, planted the first seeds of doubt.
“Thanks, Cas. You didn’t have to bring me anything. Shit, you didn’t even have to come see me.” Dean frowned slightly.
“My brother Sam, Uncle Bobby, Charlie is Cas’ manager, Kevin is a friend, and Jo Harvelle. Everyone, this is Cas’ brother, Gabriel.” When Charlie tensed, he sighed and finished off with, “The good one.”
Dean yelled and dropped the hammer that he was using as he let out another string of curses and tucked his left hand under his arm. He heard a bang from the other room, then Sam’s lumbering footsteps down the hall. His door flew open and Sam stood there, looking in to see what had happened.
“Oh, well, um... thank you. I have a day off tomorrow, though. I don’t get two off in a row often, but I did this week so I’m not back at work until Friday.”
They stayed still for several moments until the burn started to fade. Dean was lightly massaging his hips, relaxing him until finally, he started to move. He started with short, shallow thrusts that sent a gentle heat curling through him, until he built up to longer ones, almost lifting off before he sunk back down, impaling himself over and over.
Okay, so obviously the two knew each other... somehow. There was a story there, but Castiel recognised that now was not the time and stayed back, watching the scene unfold. He glanced out the door quickly, noticing that John was cuffed on the ground, a blonde female officer with long hair and a terrifying look on her face standing with her foot on his back. He’d be lying if he said that it didn’t bring a smile to his face.
“Oh, listen, I have something for you.” Charlie dug around in her bag, finally retrieving a small paper bag that she handed over to Dean. “You don’t have to use it, if you want, just… I found writing down my thoughts helps. Maybe it’ll help you.”
“We’ll have you arrested for if you come near this boy again.” Bobby finished Sam’s sentence with a growl, having appeared on Michael’s other side, showing his police badge with a grin.
And that was the crucial moment. The moment that he knew he should have just hefted the bundle and called for Benny to help, to drag her out. Instead he hesitated, making Benny come forward to get his attention, to snap him back to reality – making Benny step right onto a piece of flooring that gave way, sending him sprawling with a sickening crack.
“Dad’s place?” Dean frowned at him, then a light switched on. “Wait, you think we bought the apartment?”
“Ah.” Castiel nodded, understanding. “Yes, it is very much that. However, there are both sexual and non-sexual aspects of BDSM. As I said before, this is a work relationship, so the relationship would be purely platonic. I have noticed you seem to respond to things of what is known as a submissive nature, and that is part of why I believe this route would be beneficial for you.”
“Dean…” Castiel opened his eyes when he had finally swallowed his bite, looking at Dean. “This is amazing.”
“Yeah. I mean for example, the paint is peeling off the walls sure. But the walls themselves are solid - no patch work needed, just a cleanup and few new coats of paint. These cupboards are solid, they just need a bit of fill, new doors and hinges, and they’ll be fine. I’ve seen places that pretty much the whole insides needed to be gutted.”
Castiel frowned, slightly confused, but did as he was told. Dean directed him until he was sitting right on the edge of the bed, completely naked. He was still confused as Dean stood in front of him, dropping his own pants to reveal his own erection. Then Dean dropped to his knees in front of him, and his eyes widened slightly.
“I apologise. I’m just...” Castiel trailed off, not sure how to word the thoughts running through his head.
“You?” Dean asked in surprise, but when Castiel shot him a hurt look, he realised he spoke too quickly and amended. “I don’t mean that – I mean, you’re just so calm and together. You’re strong, and you don’t seem like you’d let little stuff get to you.”
Despite that, he’d spent so much effort distancing himself from the angel that even Sam had noticed, and taken it upon himself to have a heated discussion with his brother.
“Yeah, Sammy’s a genius. He could do anything, that kid.” Dean grinned slightly, tapping out a quick message before he pocketed his phone again. “You should tell him. He doesn’t listen to me anymore.”
“Don’t mean I gotta like it.” Dean huffed, dropping his eyes momentarily as he dropped his hands to Cas’ waist and pulled him closer. When he glanced back up, it was with a determined expression. “Okay. But you stay near me, Capisce?”
“We’ll finish this later,” He answered in a low voice, with a definitively predatory grin. “The game is almost over.”
“I understand. I will not ask you to break Dean’s confidence – I agree that his privacy is of the utmost importance.” That was Castiel’s voice, also pitched low. “It is good that he has somebody that cares so much for him. I assure you that I do not intend to hurt him in any way.”
“I think we’ll leave that conversation there for today. You don’t need to give me an answer now, and I would rather you didn't. I will send you some things to research, and we can go from there. Come.”
“Dean Winchester don’t you dare leave this room. You’re not being fired, for the love of god.” Jody snapped and rolled her eyes. “I swear to god if you don’t stop putting yourself down…”
His brow furrowed, surprise written on his face as he stared at his brother. Of all the people he expected to hear that from, Gabriel was the last. The shorter man always seemed so together, confident and carefree with a happy go lucky attitude. If he was seeing a therapist, maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea.
“You go get your man, Dean. And don’t let him screw it up.” Ellen told him as she walked beside him, then held the café door open for him. “I’d be willing to bet he’s at that bench along the stream right about now.”
He couldn’t remember anything of the sort, but then, he couldn’t remember there being any indication that this was a permanent thing, either. They had talked about almost anything and everything, and yet somehow the exact nature of their relationship and where it was headed had never come up. So where was it headed? Was this a serious thing, or was Dean just looking for something to keep him busy?
Dean nodded slightly, and Castiel smiled as he moved forward, almost closing the distance between them. They’d long abandoned their painting tools, and stood now mere inches apart. Castiel brought his hand up to Dean’s cheek, his thumb brushing over his bottom lip.
“So,” Cas was saying, snapping Dean out of his intense stare. “The aim is to hit that white ball, and try to get one of your own balls into a pocket.”
“Of course.” Charlie took the documents and tucked them away in her bag, before leaning over Michael to take control of the laptop. As she typed, Michael’s face paled. “Just in case you had any ideas to not return Cas’ money, I’ll just sort that out for you. Okay? Okay.”
Castiel paused, looking Dean over as he considered whether or not he trusted the man to stay the night. Really, he had gotten to know Dean pretty well over the past two weeks. And he did like having him around. And it really would be more convenient if Dean only had to pop next door to start work in the morning.
“I dunno. Something different, I guess.” Dean deflected as he glanced around. He spotted Castiel sitting down, reading some kind of book. “Hey, uh, Jo?”
”Uriel.” Castiel breathed, closing his eyes as he realised the severity of his situation. “What have you done?”
Dean paused with a frown as he thought about the unexpected question. Did he? He wasn’t sure, really. He knew he felt a lot for Castiel and had felt drawn to him from the moment they met. He knew that a smile from Cas had always made his day better, and the man could bring out things in him he’d long forgotten. And he knew that as much as it hurt to lose Castiel, and as angry as he was – he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life without him. He looked back at Ellen and sighed.
“Dean.” Castiel stopped him and surprised Dean with a sudden warm hug, his arms wrapping tight around Dean. “You’ve got nothing to be sorry for. I saw everything, and I appreciate what you did. You were right – and I asked them to leave and not to contact us again. Both her and her son’s behaviour was entirely inappropriate.”
Dean took the little box with a slight smile. Thankfully, it was one of those boxes that the entire lid lifted, so he had no trouble opening it with one hand. When he opened the box, he sucked in a sharp breath of surprise, and felt his eyes sting slightly. Carefully, he placed the box on the table, and with his good right hand he pulled out a string of beads exactly like the ones Castiel wore.
He sat back on his knees, opening his eyes to see Castiel staring at him with a smug grin, licking the corner of his lips. Castiel’s eyes, however, were filled with a desire that knocked the breath out of him, despite coming only minutes before.
“I know, I know. It’s cool, Cas.” Dean laced their fingers together with both hands, not moving from his position as he straddled Cas’ hips. “Remember what Missouri said. Anything new or stressful could trigger a flashback.”
He moved Cas’ grip to the wall and made sure he was stable, then turned toward the rink. He hoped he hadn’t forgotten how to do this - but as he took his first experimental glides onto the concrete, he knew that his muscle memory was completely intact.
An hour later, all four of them were sitting at the local bar. Naturally, that was where Dean wanted to go. Sam had protested at first, arguing with his brother while the other two were still getting ready. He had figured Dean had just wanted to find a chick and get laid - but his brother assured him that was not the plan, and while he was doubtful, he went along with it.
Dean blinked in shock, only to see Gabriel bolt to the dining table. Within seconds he had kicked Charlie, cursing and yelling, off the laptop and was typing a web address into the search bar while he talked.
Faster than Dean could react, Dean felt a strong hand grip his shoulder and yank him around, before pressing him back against the tree, hard. He found himself trapped against the tree by Castiel’s forearm driving hard into his upper chest. His breath hitched as he stared into blue eyes, barely an inch from his own.
“Dean. It is physically impossible for me to stand on these things without falling.” Castiel grumbled, rolling his feet back and forth.
Dean glanced at her out of the side of his eye, and as he saw the grin, he couldn’t help the soft laugh. Charlie had that effect, being able to make him smile and laugh most of the time.
“I see you two have made up.” The man smirked, pointedly glancing at their joined hands. His face quickly turned grim, however. “But you seem to have found a new trouble. Do you know that man?”
“Dean..” Castiel leaned forward, hugging the man tight. This time there were no tears, but an overwhelming tightness in his chest.
Dean froze, half way through turning a page of a car magazine, as Jack’s voice drifted across the massive map table.
“Pfft. Sam, come on.” Dean flushed slightly, really not wanting to discuss this. He glanced at the clock out of habit- then frowned. “Wait.. Where’s Cas?”
Dean just rolled his eyes and lowered his gun, signalling the others to do the same. He tucked the weapon back into his belt and sighed, releasing some of the tension that had built up.
Once he was calmed down, Dean removed his hands. Castiel opened his eyes and gave him a soft smile of thanks, before turning to the apartment manager, who was patiently standing off to the side.
“So I guess I’ll check out what needs to be done first, if that’s okay?” Dean asked, holding up a note pad and pen.
Castiel merely nodded, then spent a few moments lingering as though he wasn’t sure what to do now. After a few moments, though, he simply turned and walked away, leaving a confused Dean standing at his car, wondering.
Dean turned to look into the concerned eyes of his professor, and it was just like before. Those eyes seemed to see straight into his mind, read his thoughts and fears, and make him want to just.. tell him everything. Dean looked away, again. This time, his eyes landed on Castiel’s hands.
He trailed off as he noticed Sam walking through the door. He absolutely did not want Sam to hear him pouring his soul out on the phone, because it would start questions. As much as he found it easy to talk with Castiel about his feelings, he couldn’t do that with Sam. Or anyone, really.
Castiel answered, his voice shaking slightly in a way that made Dean frown and lean back slightly to look at him. His eyes searched Castiel’s face, confusion entering his mind as he found nervousness written all over Castiel’s face. The man was never nervous about anything, so Dean found it worrying.
This was not happening. He couldn’t refuse - what reason could he possibly give? But the idea of teaching Castiel to skate, where undoubtedly there would be a lot of physical touch required, was daunting.
“Yeah. Yeah man, I’m alright.” Dean breathed, running his hand through his hair to rest on the back of his neck. “How’d you find out?”
He searched the parking lot, and outside the apartment block, calling out for Castiel and muttering to himself the whole time as panic started to creep in. He tried to tell himself that Castiel had probably just gone for a walk or something, but he knew it wasn’t true. Castiel wouldn’t just leave.
Okay so, that's it. I hope the end didn't disappoint too much... I know I expected more of this, but it is what it is. I want to say the biggest thankyou.. to cas_s_honeybee for putting up with my crap and beta-ing for me! All those who have followed my story and commented, I love you! And especially to Lollipop - I loved your comments, you encouraged me and made me laugh with all your emotions! Don't forget, swearing is an emphasis :D Thankyou a million times.
“Don’t you be givin’ up, boy. We’ll find your man.” Bobby came and sat beside him. “‘Sides, sounds like we’re gettin’ some help lookin’ for him.”
Blinking in surprise, Dean looked up at the man. He hadn’t realised how late it had gotten, but the clock on the wall showed it was past ten. Jo had long gone home, telling Bobby to call her if anything turned up. Sam was passed out on the couch, snoring softly with his feet hanging off the edge. Kevin had laid out a sleeping bag on the floor and was face-down, sleeping silently.
After awhile he started to struggle to stay awake. When he dozed off for a moment, Missouri decided that he’d had enough for the day. She told him she would come back tomorrow and Dean surprised himself when he agreed readily. He had actually almost enjoyed the session.
“It doesn’t matter what is in that worthless document.” Michael growled as he stood, knocking his chair back. “Castiel, you made an agreement. You are coming with me, now.”
Lust blown eyes locked on his, and he realised Dean was as close as he was. Tension built in him as he held the gaze, soft gasps and moans leaving his throat as his fingers tightened in Dean’s hair. The hand on his thigh moved, slipping across to his balls, then lower, and suddenly Dean’s thumb was pressing against his rim, dipping inside as he swallowed around his cock-
I hope you like this. For some reason I struggled to write this chapter, but I think I’m happy with it.. Possibly because hubby had more time off work than usual so less time for me to write! Let me know what you think? Comments make my heart fluffy. Loving your comments so far!!
Castiel smiled back, this time accepting Dean’s assistance as he leaned on the man, relying on his support to trudge slowly over to the elevator. They had spent almost a week at the hospital, during which Dean had never left his side. He had worried about the cost, at first, until Dean had assured him somebody else was footing the bill. He wouldn’t say who, though, which was concerning him somewhat.
“Yes.” Castiel answered with a quick glance at Dean. He still hadn’t told the man about Uriel. “Um. I used to work with him.”
Castiel’s eyes drifted over the place in amazement. Together, he and Dean had completely transformed it. It had taken a little over a week of them working together every afternoon after Castiel came home from work. They’d fallen into an easy routine - once Castiel was home, Dean would come over and they would work. They shared dinner and talked about anything and everything. After dinner they would either get back to work, or get caught up in each other until it was time for Castiel to sleep. Then Dean would leave, and the whole routine would start again the next day. They’d never really taken the time to appreciate the transformation while they were working on it, but now it was clear.
“What?” Dean blinked, her sudden change of subject catching him off guard. “Oh. Yeah, every day. I have it here.”
Dean growled quietly and, without warning, turned and moved toward the little cabin. Sooner than he had taken a few steps, however, a hand grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled him back.
Castiel flinched as he heard skin hitting skin and watched in horror as John pulled his fist back to go again. Dean cried out, lifting his arms to try to cover his face, and Castiel saw red. Fast as he could, he unlocked the phone and sent the message, then dropped it. He wasn’t a fighter - never had been, and what he was about to do went against everything he was. But he couldn’t stop himself from running forward, and he barrelled into the man as hard as he could. The man lost his grip and stumbled into the wall, growling out in anger.
Dean, however, had moved over to check the corner so fast Cas could have sworn he was capable of flying. The man had a slight flush to his cheeks and as he glanced at the angel, he could have sworn there was a knowing glint to the angel’s eyes. Cas appraised him with his eyes, enjoying the sight of Dean less-than-confident.
“I was saying that I should probably get back to work.” Dean’s frown told Castiel it wasn’t the first time he had called him.
Castiel’s blood ran cold as he spun around to face the owner of the dark voice. There, standing across the hall, stood Uriel. The man’s lips curled up into a frightening smirk as Castiel pressed himself back against the door, feeling his heart rate rise. This man seemed to trigger his anxiety nearly every time, always had.
Castiel hadn’t realised until that moment that his breathing was fast and shallow. He tried to listen, but he couldn’t quite get the panic under control. Not until Dean took his hand and laid it on his chest. His other hand covered Castiel’s eyes, forcing him to lose one of his senses so that he could focus on the feel of Dean’s chest rising and falling evenly. Slowly, he matched his breathing to Dean’s and found himself calming down, his breathing and heart rate returning to normal.
He had clicked out of that quickly, though. Crossing that line wasn’t an option for Castiel, and it would only be playing with fire to start getting interested. Still, the idea of a platonic relationship, what Castiel had suggested, was interesting. Whether he was willing to take that leap, that risk, though was another thing.
Castiel gasped in air as the pressure on his throat was released. He’d lost count now how many times Uriel had choked him, releasing him just before he passed out. His eyes swam with tears, his lungs burned, and his head spun. He could hear Uriel saying something, but he couldn’t make sense of the words.
Castiel opened for him willingly, a groan making its way up his throat as the man licked inside his mouth hungrily. There was nothing gentle or loving about this. It was pure rage and passion and desire, all curled into one ball that had exploded the moment their lips met. The man groaned as Castiel’s hands found his hips, pulling him harshly against himself with a bruising grip. He gasped aloud as the hands slid up, Castiel’s hands gripping hard and bruising marks up his side.
“You are not stupid.” Castiel sounded almost angry, and it made Dean pause for a second. “What matters is the intention behind your action, Dean, not necessarily the outcome. Every one of us makes mistakes, it is how we learn. But do not let your mistakes define who you are.”
“Dean...” He breathed, turning to look at the man still leaning against the door frame. “This is... It’s beautiful.”
Three days ago the man who was currently causing all of his problems had entered his life in a spectacularly dramatic manner. He glared at the wall as he leant back on the counter, remembering the moment against his own will.
“DEAN!” He cried out the man’s name as orgasm crashed over him, his hand holding Dean’s head down as his cock pulsed.
Dean gritted his teeth, his hands tightening painfully in his lover’s hair. Before he could respond, however, Castiel plunged a second finger inside of him, scissoring him open hard and fast. The sting brought tears to his eyes, yet it was a pain he enjoyed, if the stream of curses was anything to go by. His hips bucked down, trying to force Castiel faster, or deeper, or something. His brain wasn’t working clearly by this point.
“I liked it because it... it’s just you, completely.” Dean explained, though he realised he didn’t make much sense by saying that. “Thanks, Cas. You always seem to know just what to do with me.”
“Yeah. Okay. Umm... I’m not sure. Dean?” Sam glanced over at his brother and sighed. “He’s... not doing too well. Just get here soon okay? Okay. Bye.”
Castiel sat for a few more moments, and Dean could feel his eyes on him. But the professor said nothing more. After a beat the man moved away quietly, and Dean glanced up to see him packing up his things at the front desk. He frowned slightly. Usually these conversations ended in him being offered the employee assistance program or being pushed to talk. This one hadn’t, and it left him confused.
“That should be enough time for me to get something legal together.” Sam stated, tapping away at the keyboard.
“Did he?” Castiel had a thoughtful expression on his face. “Maybe he is starting to warm to me again.”
“Wait, what?” Dean sat up, scrubbing at his cheeks while he looked at Bobby, confused. “You- Dad- But he said you left. Didn’t want nothin’ to do with me, ‘cause of... How I was...” He shot a glance at Castiel, and his head fell. “How I am.”
An hour later, he was honestly starting to lose hope in his plan. He was recklessly walking the streets in full view, making little effort to hide from his opponents, and yet he so far had not come across any opposition. He was about ready to give up when his ears caught a sound and he ducked behind a car, just in time to see a splatter of red on the road.
“Then we should do that now,” Gabriel interrupted, noticing the change in Michael’s demeanour, the telltale shifting in his seat that showed his discomfort. “Michael, you’d have that on hand, wouldn’t you? You’re always so prepared. Just show Cas, then we can go.”
Please leave a comment if you liked it! Or even if you didn’t! I appreciate constructive criticism if it helps my writing! (Not if you just don’t like the idea, that’s why we are all different :) )
Castiel groaned as he dropped the keys at his feet, his third attempt at slotting the key into the door lock failing miserably. He dropped his forehead against the door and let his eyes close, allowing himself to feel the exhaustion for just a moment. Twelve hours he’d been on his feet, working overtime at the gas station. His body clock screamed that it was incredibly late, being five pm, and to top it off he had to be back for his usual four am shift the next day. He wasn’t forced to do the extra hours - but when one of his colleagues couldn’t make it, Castiel saw an opportunity to add to his DIY fund and quickly volunteered to cover until someone else could come in.
“Wait, so if you’re working that much... And I’m not judging you, man, but... how come you can’t afford to fix this place up?”
“It ain’t a loan, boy. It’s a gift. Don’t argue - your daddy shoulda bought you one a long time ago.”
Castiel stepped around his bed, his eyes raking over Dean as though assessing his injuries. There was an odd look in his eyes, though, Dean noticed. It was an almost haunted look.
“Don’t be.”  Castiel sighed and sat up straight, turning to look at Dean. “I’m sorry, Dean. I am truly so sorry. I never should have done what I did to you over a job. I… you should know that it’s more than just a job, I have responsibilities, and I was afraid that without this I would not be able to take care of my responsibilities. But I let that fear make me a coward, and I let it hurt you. I can never apologise enough for what I did.”
, he thought as he padded out of his bedroom and toward his kitchen. He sifted through a cupboard until he found a small box of teabags, figuring he might as well try to relax with a warm drink. He already knew that he would be dragging his feet to complete the ten-hour shift waiting for him, let alone the shopping and laundry that he knew he desperately had to do.
As he waited for the tea to brew, he glanced around in dismay at the state of his home. The paint was flaking off the walls in increasingly larger patches. Several cabinet doors in his kitchen were either broken or missing completely, as he had removed them after hinges had finally given up with old age. The cheap tiles in his kitchen were freezing his feet, cracked in places with whole chunks completely missing. The tiles gave way to a carpeted lounge room, and while it was clean, the age and wear in the flooring clearly showed.
Dean shrugged again, dropping his eyes this time. That definately projected an I-don’t-mind-I-guess kind of vibe. They both knew the angel wasn’t the best at social expectations, and Dean hoped Sam would think that’s all it was. Meanwhile part of him was hoping that wasn’t all it was, it was something more. More than just this game they had been playing.
Dean just shook his head with a grin as Sam left the room. He heard the bedroom door shut down the hall, and everything was quiet for a moment. He had to admit that it was nice to be in a good mood and trade banter with Sam, even if it was short. It had been way too long since they’d laughed and bantered like that. The thought made him frown, and brought to mind a common worry.
Castiel smiled slightly and leaned into Dean as he reached for the door knob. Before he touched it, however, it swung open, to reveal a grinning man on the other side.
“Shit.. Fuck, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry Cas,” Dean gasped, putting some distance between them. “I didn’t mean to-“
“Don’t make it weird. Just, try it. Sometimes it’s helpful to get it out, and sometimes seeing what you’re actually thinking can be.. enlightening, or whatever.”
Embarrassment, that he had been duped. Anger that the damn angel had got the better of him. And, shocking him, a desperate lust that near knocked him to his knees - he slumped forward against the tree in defeat, instead.
“I’m going to stay near the door, so I meet him first.” Gabriel took over. “Then I’ll bring him over to our booth. Cas, I need you to sit near the wall, and Dean you can sit on the outside, so Michael can’t forcibly take him.”
“What? No. Why?” Dean asked, busying himself with making toast for some eggs Sam had fried and left for him.
The three all took a few minutes to let the laughter subside. Finally they’d all calmed down enough to talk normally, and Sam spoke first as he glanced at Dean.
“You shoulda seen your brother, man.” Dean added, with a grin. “Cas tore strips off the bitch without even raising his voice.”
“No need.” Puppy dog eyes were gone, replaced with a triumphant grin. “There’s a place in Salina. We can rent skates, and it’s only an hour and a half drive.”
Cas stood up, pushing the blanket to the side as Jack and Sam kept discussing the movie. He had a feeling they would be talking for awhile, and he had other ideas in mind of how to spend the rest of the night. Or morning, as it was now one am.
He hated hospitals, too. And the beeping was starting to annoy him. He knew it was his heart monitor, but that didn’t make it any less annoying. Finally, he swept his gaze down to his body, noticing a mess of red hair laying on the bed beside his arm. He smiled slightly, because of course Charlie would be here with him. He looked further down his body - his leg below the knee was in a cast, so apparently that was broken. His chest hurt like hell, though he didn't know why, but he imagined he would find out soon enough. Aside from that, though, he felt bruised and wounded, but no other serious pain.
They skated around the rink, holding tight onto each other. Dean’s eyes never left the angel’s blue ones as he taught him how to shift his weight, how to put some power into each glide, how to regain his balance if he felt like he would fall.
As Dean drove home - god, it was amazing that he had someone to call his place home with - Castiel couldn’t help thinking how lucky he was. For the first time in a long while, he was looking forward to the days ahead. He had an amazing boyfriend, his brother was back for good this time, and he had a family of his own making. Things couldn’t get much better.
“I said it’s nothin’!” Dean yelled, standing up quickly. “Fuck, Cas, can’t you just leave shit alone!”
Cas turned to him with no small amount of surprise at the look on his face. His brother looked absolutely livid, his eyes narrowed in a glare as he stared down at the table in front of him. He glanced over at Dean, noticing a matching look of anger, though slightly more subdued. Even Sam, usually the calm one, looked a mix of annoyed and upset.
“Look, MAN,” He started, fingers making air quotes mockingly. “I live here, and if I want to stand in this hallway the entire night, I will do so. Your inability to conduct yourself in an appropriate manner will not dissuade me from entering my own apartment, which is all I was trying to do. If you have an issue with that, feel free to take it up with the manager of this apartment block, or leave. Your choice.”
Instead of jumping out of bed and going about the morning mechanically as he usually did, he took a moment to just lie there. He stretched first, raising his arms high above his head, then brought them down to cross behind him, resting his head back on his arms. He relaxed into the comforting memory foam, letting himself wake slowly to the new day. He loved the way the mattress seemed to wrap around him, trapping his body and making him feel secure.
He left the room at top speed, heading for the bedrooms, obviously to get ready. The trio sat staring after him for awhile until the shock wore off.
“Hello, Dean. I received your answer.” Castiel drew up a proper chair to sit in, facing Dean. “We have a few things to go through, but I would like to thank you for trusting me.”
“Oh, that.” Dean scowled. “Apparently Sam came home last night, when we were… uh… busy. He decided it would be funny to embarrass me about it.”
“What about ‘thou shalt not kill’?” Castiel eyed the towel, wishing that he could stop whatever was in there being revealed.
“I gotta get out of here. Do my job. But I’ll call back in tomorrow.” He started to walk away, but stopped and glanced back. “You want me to fill your brother in?”
“I can’t be sure, I’ve just met the guy after all, but I don’t think he really minds. You seem to be, ah.. pretty close.”
And if you have time please look me up on tumblr! I just made one and will be posting updates there. And random things. Just look for jikeda.
Castiel startled awake, blinking around in confusion. He wasn’t sure what had woken him up, given that he had the day off work and it was still dark. He glanced at the clock - five thirty am. Perhaps it was just his body clock? That thought went out the window when a loud, obnoxious ringing sliced through the room, and he groaned aloud.
He groaned again as he shifted in the seat - his wrists were raw from pulling against his bonds, and he could feel wetness of what he could only assume was blood. His shirt was sticking to him, blood crusted around the point where Uriel had driven a long, thin knife straight through his shoulder and into the wood of the chair, to hold him there.
“Whenever you’re ready, Dean.” Sam told him, and one look at Sam’s face told Dean he was actually serious.
“Castiel. Surprised to see me?” Michael chuckled as he pulled a spare chair around and sat down. “I must admit the feeling is mutual. Had I known you were here, of course, I could have saved myself a trip.”
Dean started toward the booth, then stopped and looked back at Jo. That girl was always up to no good, and it didn’t sit right that she was being nice for some reason.
As he finally turned the heat off and moved to place the cooked strips of bacon onto two sandwiches, he smiled to himself. He could hear the sound of the door opening and footsteps approaching, so he moved a little faster. He had two sandwiches fully assembled by the time the footsteps entered the kitchen area and paused, so he turned with a smile – only to find Sam glaring at him sleepily.
“Charlie, he said he didn’t want to discuss it. I’m not gonna force him.” Dean told her, even though he wished he could. “So there’s nothing to talk about.”
“Don’t you dare ask me what’s wrong.” Sam bit out. “What the hell, Dean?! You were doing so well, you were talking – you said you wouldn’t shut me out! And then you send me a text that scares me, I try to call, and your phone is off -”
“Jeez Dean,” Sam huffed with a laugh to break the intense atmosphere. “I think even Crowley would follow you after that speech. I’m in. Jack?”
The entire car fell into a shocked silence at her words. The reminder of how Cas’ life hung in the balance brought a burn to Dean’s eyes as his hands tightened on the wheel again, turning his knuckles white. Charlie seemed to notice, her sigh loud in the quiet of the car.
“Rou-rough day, princess?” Dean gasped out as Castiel’s tongue laved at his nipple, his hand reaching up to play with the neglected side. He rolled the bud between his fingers, pulling and pinching lightly, then harder as he drew delicious sounds from the man beneath him.
“Get the tomatoes! No, over here – dude, seriously?! You threw it in the water!” Charlie yelled, frustrated but laughing.
“Uriel.” Castiel breathed, glancing at the elevator doors. It hadn’t arrived yet, and despite the man’s words, he felt the beginnings of panic.
Castiel sobbed in the empty room, trying not to move. Moving brought pain. Uriel had left awhile ago, though he had no idea how long it had really been. Maybe the man had lost interest and left him to die slowly, alone in this chair. That, he thought, was possibly the best outcome he could imagine.
Dean took one look at those damned puppy dog eyes, and nodded to him with a bit of a smile. That seemed to be the end of the conversation, and Sam sat down again, moving onto another, lighter topic. Dean sat between them, his head pleasantly buzzing, and thought that it felt nice to just get it out. Even if talking didn't solve anything, he still felt a little lighter for it.
He glanced down, to find himself staring into mischievous, dancing blue eyes, staring up at him as Cas’ lips stretched around the head of his cock. The angel was circling his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock while sucking gently, and it was driving him insane.
Usually, he’d pull away. No chick flick moments. But this time.. No, this time was different, and he’d changed lately. Right now he welcomed the support - and he noticed the way Sam stiffened in surprise when he leaned against his big-little brother, resting his head sideways on his shoulder.
“Shit, Cas..” He panted, wriggling against the tree. “Where the hell did you learn to do this shit?”
“Okay let’s cut the next half hour of crap and one of you tell me what’s going on, then.” Dean grumbled, glaring at each of them in turn.
He ‘woke’ Dean, declining Sam’s offer of help - Sam didn’t need to know that Dean had never actually been sleeping. Dean, for his part, put on a fairly good show of being sleepy, grunting and shuffling his feet as Cas led him from the room.
They’d been relaxed, having fun – until the call came in. Benny had gone to take it, rolling his eyes as he told them it was probably a cat up a tree again  – and then Dean had watched as the man went pale, then shit hit the fan. Benny was yelling, food went flying as the crew dove into work mode. They’d donned and gotten in the truck in less than sixty seconds, and Sammy had flicked the lights and siren on as the truck left the building at full speed.
Dean glanced at the room, at all the people either sleeping or getting ready to sleep. It was comforting knowing they were there, helping to find Cas. Yet it didn’t ease his fear. He made his way to Castiel’s bedroom and, as he snuggled down under the covers, he wondered if the man was cold, or how hurt he was. Or even alive. That last thought brought tears to his eyes. As he pulled Castiel’s pillow into his arms and breathed in his lover’s scent, he found himself crying in great, heaving sobs into the pillow. His last thought was a determined promise that he would find him tomorrow, rescue him and take care of him, and maybe, if he was lucky, he could admit he loved him.
A door creaked open somewhere behind him, and he flinched slightly, unable to turn far enough to see.
“Because,” Charlie sighed, clearly struggling to be patient. “The moment he hears us coming, he could kill Castiel. I don’t know about you, but I’m willing to sacrifice some time and energy to find him alive.”
All the air left his lungs in a primal groan as he went back in for more desperate kissing, fumbling with the tube. The hesitation was gone as he slicked up his fingers, then dropped the bottle. He reached blindly, fingers skating over delicate skin until he found Dean’s hole and circled it lightly. Dean moaned, his hips pressing down, and in that moment Castiel pressed a single finger roughly inside him, giving him no time to prepare.
Dean frowned slightly, but nodded at Castiel, lost in thoughts as he left the room and waited for Castiel to lock it. He wasn’t entirely stupid, and despite his self-doubt, what had just happened left no room to deny that Castiel was attracted to him. Cas had been the one to pull him closer, to brush their lips together – but he’d also been the one to stop things.
Castiel grinned slightly and stood off the bed, removing his clothes quickly. His own erection freed, he couldn’t help but close his fist around it and give a few satisfying tugs. He glanced down as he heard Dean’s moan, noticing that the man watched his every move.
“Yep. Now enough about me. I’m sure it’s my turn to be embarrassed about wrong assumptions, so tell me about you.”
“That’s cool man, I’ll teach you. C’mon.” Dean answered as he stood, motioning for Castiel to follow him.
4 - No team advantage - every man for himself and contact between players should not be amicable unless temporary cease fire called.
I’m loving the comments, please keep it up, my heart is soooo fluffy! Any critique is welcome too, if it will help me better my writing I will appreciate it.
Dean sighed as he let himself sink back into the seat, resting his head back as he simply sat in his baby. He felt strange, not quite in a bad way, but it was confusing nonetheless. He didn’t know why the different end today made him feel so off kilter, but it did. The way Castiel had spoken to him, almost demanding that he told the truth, had made him feel safe in a strange way. And yet, the man had left soon after, leaving Dean with a feeling of failure.
“That’s... Cas, that’s way too much! And who starts that early in the morning?! Where the hell do you work?”
Castiel loved playing this game. The one where he would see how long Dean could stay quiet. He slowly kissed a feather light trail up Dean’s length, finally reaching the top, to lick a drop of precum from the tip. Dean jerked slightly, his breath hitched, but he didn’t let out a sound.
“Cas.” Dean cradled his face, gently kissed him, then pulled back to rest their foreheads together. “You’re free.”
“I know you don’t wanna hear it boy, but we need to be realistic here. It’s the best chance we got of saving him.”
Bobby caught the look, a frown on his face as he mulled over the words. Then he snorted and shook his head, a grim smile coming over his face.
“Me too. I find it hard to let people in.” Dean commented, stepping closer without looking away. “But once I do...”
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice was low, barely above a whisper. Dean made no movement, trying and failing to keep his breathing even. “Dean, look at me. Please.”
Dean whimpered as Cas pulled his fingers back, but then he heard a foil ripping, and watched as Cas rolled a condom over his cock. As the angel moved over him, he noticed just how large and heavy Cas was hanging, and felt a flicker of uncertainty.
“That’s twelve hour shifts.” Dean commented with a frown. “And that’s.. wait... like, sixty five or seventy hours?”
“Now I know you’re buttering me up for something.” Dean commented, but he didn’t refuse when she passed him one of the brownies.
Damn. That bastard was going to pay, he thought as he headed off, back toward the bunker. Yet despite his angry muttering, a grin curled across his lips, unable to help riding high on the memories of what had just happened.
Eventually, he heard a soft sound – footsteps and chatter, coming up the hallway. His choice was taken away. The first group of people were approaching, coming toward the room, and they would have no time to talk. Finally he made his choice, and met Castiel’s eyes, only to answer with a single word.
Dean felt a warmth blossom in his chest at those words. Good boy… He was doing good, he was being good. He wished he could hear it again. The simple words washed over him, comforting, safe. He felt his breathing slow more, and he relaxed back against the wall, letting Castiel take over.
“Fine. Yeah, okay? It has to do with… someone. But it’s not what you’re thinking.” Dean frowned and looked down at his hands. “I can just talk with him, y’know? He’s seen more of my bullshit in the last week than most people have, ever. And he’s still there for some reason. I trust him. And I know it’s dumb, but I… I do. He seems to care and he’s trying to help.”
That was Sam. His voice was rising in both volume and anger. Why was Sam angry? Dean tried to say something, anything, to let them know he was there, awake.
