“Never underestimate my ability to find the perfect gift,” was all Charlie says as she gathers up discarded wrapping, balling it up and stuffing it into the trash.
“And because they’re kind of what got us together,” Dean counters, winking lasciviously when Cas backs up and arches a challenging eyebrow at him.
Cas shrugged it off for the time being, likely unwilling to open up that can of worms just yet. “Do you need me, or should I go find us something to eat?”
Cas is still asleep when he returns to the bedroom, and Dean can’t help but think that he looks good in his bed all sleep-rumpled, mouth slack in slumber, dark, deceptively long lashes fanned out on his tanned cheeks. Up until last night, they’d only spent time in Cas’ bed, but now Cas is here, getting his delicious scent all over Dean’s sheets and snuffling softly in his sleep. The urge to crawl back into bed and roll around in that scent is strong, so Dean follows his nose, slipping between the sheets and snuggling up to Cas' warm body.
Inside, Dean was in a panic as he searched the bar for the angel. He’d looked away for a few minutes while that brainless floozie was throwing herself at him and lost Cas. Trying to be polite, he’d spoken to her for a few minutes before letting her down gently to find his friend.
The tension seemed to melt away from Cas’ wings a bit as they relaxed, spreading out a bit again. His fists loosened, and he took a deep breath as he felt Dean watching him.
But Halloween and all of its glitter and skimpy costumes were still over a week away, and Cas was in Batsto Village, wearing a thick, cable knit sweater and taking part in his other favorite fall event, the annual arts and crafts fair.
“Yeah? Well, now’s not the time to get shy on me. I had my tongue in your ass not twelve hours ago.”
We're jumping in with both feet here. I saw NO point in a slow burn since this is set in season 12 and we've already experienced the slowest burn in television history ;)
“You’re making it very hard not to be kissed.” Dean chuckled, cupping Cas’ cheek and dragging his thumb over Castiel’s lower lip, watching as the alpha’s eyelids fluttered closed under his touch. The urgency of their respective cycles had faded away and with them, the intense heat and need, but in that moment, under each other’s soft touches, Dean could feel heat pooling in his belly and smell Cas’ arousal subtly floating on the air. “If I kiss you, I won’t be able to stop,” Dean admitted. “And I promised you that I could take this slow for you. I have to keep that promise, because I fucked up last time. I can’t fuck up this time.”
Dean winked at Castiel, and Castiel felt his cheeks warm at the light flirtation. Then Dean pushed off the bed and started rooting through his boxes, as if on a mission, before humming in approval of something he’d found. Castiel’s heart tripped in his chest as Dean shook out a large bisexual pride flag.
Cas fucks into him faster now, spurred on by the desperate whimpers that sound so sweet dripping from Dean’s full lips. He can tell Dean is close and he redoubles his efforts, trying to make him come on his cock, untouched.
Dean’s noises are softer now that he’s come, but he’s still releasing little moans into the room when Cas grazes his prostate. He starts pushing back to meet Cas’ thrusts and Cas can’t help but grasp the straps of the harness that meet in the center of Dean’s back. He uses the harness to pull Dean back against his hips, and just the sight everything in front of him pushes him dangerously close to the edge.
Cas softened, reaching out to pull Dean against him. “Shh. It’s ok. It’s been a rough few hours,” he soothed, kissing Dean’s cheek and running his hands up and down his back as he relaxed against him. He felt Dean’s nose nudge in against his neck and he tilted his head so Dean could scent him more easily. The warm breath of a sigh ghosted across his skin as his scent calmed Dean. “Please, come home with me tonight. Neither of us will get any sleep otherwise. And tomorrow, I’ll call around to a few body shops so we can get Baby back on the road. Sound ok?”
“Shh, calm down, Alpha. That’s not what I meant,” Dean cooed, continuing when Cas relaxed against him. “I’ve been with other omegas and a beta or two, girls and guys, and I always topped with them. I was with an alpha once, and we’d just stick to heavy petting and oral. He was generous and I always got off, but I never let an alpha… you know… inside. Wanted to wait for someone I trusted, someone special, to be the first one to knot me.”
“Why would you even want me to have you? I’m gross. I disgust you. You said it yourself. I’m needy and leaking all over the place,” Dean says through the door and his voice is so sad.
He groaned and rested his forehead on his arm as the hot water rained down on his back, easing the tension from his muscles. He stretched and reveled in the short period of relaxation he had before his rut took over again, then shampooed his hair and soaped up his body. By the time he’d cleaned himself from head to toe, he was hard again.
For the next week, Castiel locked himself away in the garage during the evenings, much to Dean’s chagrin. Dean hated that Cas was working on a secret project and wouldn’t let him see it, but he supposed turnabout was fair play considering he refused to share the window until after it was finished
I'm hoping to have a chapter ready next week, but I'm leaving for Vegas on Wednesday, so fingers crossed I can get it written over the weekend. If I don't get one up, I apologize in advance.
Of course, Cas would welcome scent bonding with Dean. He’d welcome more. He wants Dean to be his always, to bear his children and be his mate for life. God, Cas loves him, and he should stop this now so the upcoming rejection will sting less, but he’ll take Dean however he can get him. Not only that, but with every day that passes, Dean draws nearer to his last dose of suppressants. Cas can’t withdraw his offer to help Dean through his heat, not now. The pain he’d go through with Cas just down the hall would be immense. So they’ll get through it and whatever comes next… together… as friends.
For now, though, all Cas can do is force himself out of bed to face the day and the man who is currently fixing breakfast, if the scent of bacon on the air is any indication.
“Please,” Dean begs again, and then a hand is wrapping around the base of his cock and stroking him so slowly it makes him want to cry. Cas cradles his balls in his free hand, rolling them in his palm. Another one of those definitely-not-a-sob noises slips from his lips, and Cas gives him one more stroke before abandoning his cock again.
A third finger was slipped inside him, and he could feel Cas wiggling them, stretching him to make room. Suddenly, Dean couldn't care less about the prep.
Cas smiled and reached out to hold Dean’s hand again. They laid there in the quiet, listening to the waves break and watching the stars. Cas pointed out the different constellations and Dean made fun of him for being “a nerd who hasn’t seen the stars in twenty years because of light pollution,” but deep down, he was totally impressed with Cas’ celestial knowledge. They counted no less than three shooting stars before the cool air started to get to them and Dean felt Cas shiver against his side.
“I had to look at your wings burned into the ground. This is it this time, you son of a bitch! You stupid, heartless son of a bitch! I loved you, Cas. Fuck, I loved you so much. You better be in Heaven, and you better pull some strings when I bite it so I can see you again. It won’t be long, angel. It can’t be. I can’t do this without you.” Dean blinked away the remaining tears and wiped their evidence from his cheeks. He stared ahead at the flames, still high, tendrils of smoke reaching toward the sky as if carrying Cas home to heaven.
His sheets were covered in their combined scents and fluids, and as much as Castiel wanted to, he couldn’t bring himself to change them and put fresh ones on. Instead, he threw open the sliding door to let in some fresh air, curled up in the bedding, and breathed in the warm, calming scent of fresh apple pie before drifting off to sleep with a pulse of
They walk through the flowers, the soft, muted colors purposefully reminiscent of Monet’s paintings. Cas stops to take close-ups of some buds, making use of his recently upgraded iPhone as Dean trails along behind him, watching. Cas drops into a crouch to take another picture and Dean sees a butterfly sitting on a flower, its wings slowly opening and closing as it drinks nectar.
Dean slaps his face again, then gives him a little shove before taking off down the hall and out the back door.
Cas’ eyes meet his and it’s nothing like last time. Cas is here with him, not preoccupied with what’s happening in the chat. It’s only the two of them, regardless of how many people are playing the voyeur.
When Dean pops his head around the corner, the dishes are drying in the rack, Cas having moved on from cleaning up their dinner to scooping some ice cream into a bowl.
“Tickets for sure. I don’t want a distraction and I don’t want to give this away for free to the freeloaders that get by on the generousity of the tippers.”
Cas finally gave in, letting his eyes slide shut in ecstasy and Dean sped his movements, bobbing up and down, his hand working in time with his mouth. His fingers tightened, pulling at the short strands of Dean’s hair in desperation for something to hold onto as he started to break apart. Dean’s free hand moved to his hip, pressing him against Baby’s hood and keeping him from fucking the man’s face like he ached to.
Another rare tear slid down his cheek, followed in quick succession by an even more out of the ordinary second before the floodgates opened and he weeped openly, his shoulders shaking with silent sobs. He knew he had to leave and he knew Dean may never forgive him. It broke him to betray Dean like this, but it was necessary. Kelly Kline had to be found, and she had to be found by Cas. He was the one who lost her, and he was the one who let Lucifer out of the cage to get her into this mess in the first place.
Cas laughed and kissed Dean, his heart beating wildly in his chest as he allowed himself to imagine such an idyllic future with Dean. He longed for the day when what his parents thought wouldn’t matter because he’d be a grown up with a mate and a mortgage. The monotony of a nine to five job, a practical car… pups… he wanted it all with the gorgeous omega in his arms.
Dean preened under the praise. He was damned proud of the window. He was proud of the tiny pieces of rainbow colored glass that he’d spent hours on end piecing together for the frame. He was proud of each and every perfectly detailed feather. He was proud of the depth and movement he was able to achieve in the folds of the robe the angel wore. He was proud of how closely he was able to recreate every gorgeous feature of Castiel’s face and his mussed, chocolate brown hair.
“A little nervous, that’s all,” Dean said, squeezing Cas’ hand and leaning in for a quick kiss. “This window… it didn’t come easy for me. I was commissioned for weeks before I was struck with any kind of inspiration. When you got here to start your apprenticeship, well, you saw my workroom. It was empty. I didn’t have a single idea about how I wanted to execute this thing. I sketched up dozens of windows, but nothing seemed right. I was losing hope, getting so close to calling up Anna and telling her I couldn’t do it.”
Cas began to move as Dean clutched a handful of feathers in one hand and placed the other on Cas' hip to pull him into him harder.
“We’ve reached goal. Are you ready for the toy?” Cas asks, smoothing a stray lock of hair away from Dean’s forehead.
Cas took a step back and inclined his head a tiny bit, looking at Dean with wide, disbelieving eyes. “I-is that true?”
Cas unboxes the toy, turning it over in his hands and noting the curved tip designed to press into Dean’s prostate and torture him with delicious pleasure every time a viewer sends a tip.
“Hush, Omega,” Cas said firmly. “We’ll talk later. It won’t be long until we lose our heads again. Just use me like the clients at Sweet Surrender use you. Get through this, then we’ll talk.”
“Cas, please,” he begged, gasping as Cas pushed a finger inside him, slipping in easily and pumping in and out a few times before crooking it to seek out and find Dean’s prostate. “Yeah Cas, right there,” he moaned as Cas continued to massage the spot, letting his pleasure build and build with each second that ticked by. There was no doubt in Dean’s mind that he could come from the ministrations of Cas’ clever fingers alone.
“Fuck, Cas! What is this, Purgatory all over again? How could you ignore my prayers again? I fucking missed you! I thought you were dead!” Dean was clutching Cas desperately, sucking harsh marks under his jaw as if the claim on his skin would cause Cas to grow roots and stay by his side.
Castiel had been the love of his life, and now he’s gone, nothing but ink etched into Dean’s skin now. Dean hadn’t even kept anything this time. Not the trench coat like he did years ago, not the truck, he’d even tossed the only gift he’d ever given Cas right into the pyre along side the angel’s ashes. Dean choked back tears before they could fall and turned back to have the tattoo wrapped.
Dean finally stopped dragging Cas around when they got to the master bedroom, where the only piece of furniture in the whole house sat. There in the center of the room was a huge, antique, four poster bed with a gauzy white canopy over it.
The date was juvenile and exhausting, but perfect in every way. As Dean drove back hours later, he kept stealing glances at Cas where he dozed, propped up against Baby’s door and using the unicorn plushie as a makeshift pillow. The breeze was flowing through the open windows ruffling his eternally messy hair, the light of the full moon shining down and illuminating his perfect face. Dean’s chest clenched at the thought of sending him off to school in a few weeks. He missed Cas already, preemptively mourning the months they would spend apart.
Dean slid into bed and pulled the covers up to his chest, breathing in the scent of Cas that clung to the soft cotton.
since Dean moved in. Cas had started feeling like it might be time to take the next step, and now Dean was gone again.
It's Friday! This will likely be the only two chapter week until I finish writing this, then I'll probably go to twice a week. I'm not sure how long this will be, but I know it won't be short, so settle in or bookmark/subscribe if WIPs annoy you. I'll understand.
Cas tilts his head, narrowing his eyes at his friend. “Trust can be a dangerous thing, Omega,” he growls. “So if I said I wanted to tie you to my bed, whip your ass raw then knot your mouth until you choke on my cum, you’d just go along with it?”
Cas didn’t bother coming to find Dean until late into the night when Dean’s heat was relentless and he was filling the house with the stink of his arousal and moans of “Cas” and “Please.” Around three in the morning, Cas’ rut wouldn’t let him resist anymore and he kicked the door in and took Dean fast and hard from behind, Dean moaning and begging for his knot. Cas pulled out again, spilling on the bedsheets, then finished Dean off with a quick and dirty hand job. After, he cleaned them up he brought Dean to bed with him in case they needed each other again.
A deep purr sounded in Dean’s chest under his alpha’s praise and he redoubled his efforts, sucking hard and bobbing faster. Castiel moaned and his fingers ran through Dean’s hair before his palm came to rest on the back of Dean’s head, just resting there as if he couldn’t bear to not touch Dean while he performed this sinful act on him. When his knot began to swell, ever so slightly, Castiel closed his fist around a chunk of Dean’s hair and tugged lightly, effectively pulling him off his cock. Dean looked up at Cas from under thick lashes, his freckled cheeks flushed and swollen lips pink and spit-slicked.
Cas stiffen behind him. The angel’s fear and disappointment was palpable, waves of terror thick in the air around Dean as his heart clenched in response. A million flashbacks flickered through his head in the span of seconds, his mind lingering for just a second on the last time he’d almost said ‘Yes,’ to Michael. Cas had been so angry as he slammed him against the wall in some back alley, so fierce and sexy as he crowded into Dean’s space and growled his displeasure through gritted teeth.
Fingertips glided over the smooth skin of Cas' back, running between his wings and dipping into the curve of his spine before slipping around his hips to grasp him firmly. Dean pulled him back to meet his renewed thrusts, the angle just right to leave Cas moaning as the push and drag of Dean's cock struck his prostate dead on. Strong hands slid up Cas' body as Dean wrapped his arms around him and pulled him upright, flush with his body. Cas tucked his wing out of their view as Dean turned them to the side. Cas' head fell back against Dean's shoulder and they both watched with rapt attention as Dean's cock disappeared into the angel over and over again.
say ‘send me pics of your dad,’ before returning to his discarded phone. When he finally finds it where he left it in the kitchen, he sees he has a couple missed calls from Cas, but not a single voicemail.
As Dean opened up to him and their tongues teased each other, Cas rolled them over until he was laying on top of Dean. Dean arched his back, rolling their hips together and drawing little moans and snarls from Castiel as their dicks slid against each other, their commingled precum easing the way. The scents of omega slick and alpha arousal were thick in the air around them as Cas worked a hand between them and pressed a finger to Dean’s soaking wet opening.
Dean, always a man of action over words, shook his head and shifted his weight, drawing his knees up and straddling Cas so the angel’s already hard cock slid between his ass cheeks. Cas had long since put his wings away, and with them his oil glands, so Dean leaned over to retrieve a bottle of lube from his nightstand and slicked up his own fingers. He sunk a finger into himself, his head falling back in pleasure as Cas looked up at him with awe-filled eyes. He worked himself open quickly and thoroughly, adding fingers when he felt he could take them and moaning when he managed to hit his prostate. Cas watched, enthralled, as he ran his hands over the expanse of tight torso in front of him and writhed under Dean in anticipation. Messily, Dean opened the bottle and slicked Cas’ length with his free hand, stroking the whimpering angel as he continued to fuck himself on his own fingers.
He has some sausage links cooking in a pan and he’s swaying his hips to the music he has softly playing in the background, when Cas comes out to start a pot of coffee.
Coming in 2019: My first attempt at a multi-chapter Destiel AU fic, some more Cockles installments, and for all that is good and holy, I WILL finish my WIPs.
“Remember when I kissed you up there?” Cas asked, pointing down the boardwalk to where the ferris wheel stood, towering high over the other rides.
“That’s it baby. Take me like you wanted to take me when I hit you. Make me feel it, Alpha. Dominate me.” Dean demands, pushing his ass into the air in presentation. “Make me your bitch.”
most intricate piece to date. There were layers of oranges and reds, the blue of the ocean, and all needed to be cut precisely to get the design to fit together just right. He’d gotten all the glass cut, the edges smoothed and had begun soldering the pieces together, smiling as he watched the design come to life. He was eager to finish it and hold it up to the sunlight, the illumination of the bright colors the only real reward he received at the end of every project.
Dean scoffed. “Just stop with the analysis and I’ll tell you, Doc,” he said as he sank back into his seat and allowed himself to have this.
Dean pressed the bottle of lube into Cas’ hand with a wiggle of his brows, then laid face down on the bed, arching his back enough to push his ass in the air. “Open me up, Cas. I’d be willing to bet one of those bullet points about your self love involved fingering yourself, so get on with it.”
Cas is still a bit unsure about him using his real first name, but he figures at least it’ll be easier on him later when he doesn't have to moan out a fake one.
Cas watches curiously as Dean sets the box on the kitchen island and rips it open. “It’s not wishlist stuff is it? The viewers really like to see the unboxing on cam.”
"We should get out of here," Cas growled across the table, his lust darkened eyes raking over Dean lasciviously. "Unless you want to add exhibitionism to your plans for the day, because I am about five seconds away from bending you over and fucking you into this table.”
Of course, only Dean knows that he’s exhausted all online store options and has been checking the stock in all the local shops for weeks. Panic buyers have left the marketplace barren and suppressant manufacturer employees were declared ‘non-essential.’ You just have to love it when Republicans are running shit and want to set omegas back sixty years. At this rate, he's just waiting to lose his right to vote.
Dean twisted his wrist, spreading his fingers and feeling Cas give around him easily. He withdrew his hand, wiping it on the duvet and mentally putting ‘wash bedding’ on his to do list. “It’ll be easier if you roll onto your stomach,” Dean suggested, but Cas shook his head.
Dean reached over, taking Castiel’s hand in his own, lacing their fingers together and squeezing. “And I'm a little jealous that you still have your parents. It's human nature to grieve what could have been, I think." He paused, thumb rubbing circles on the back of Castiel's hand. "Speaking of angels... My mom used to put us to bed at night, sing us ‘Hey Jude,’ then tell us angels were watching over us. And now here you are. Maybe you were named for an angel because you were always supposed to end up here,” he chuckled and squeezed Cas’ hand again.
“I kind of hate them right now,” Dean whispers against his lips and Cas huffs out a laugh because Dean just keeps voicing Cas’ inner thoughts.
Dean shook his head adamantly. “No way, Sammy. I can handle this. They’re run of the mill hunts. He’s staying.”
“What do you say I take this call and we call it quits for the day? This is so stupid sitting in here working when we should be soaking up very second we have left,” Dean said, his tone lighter now as he cut the cord tethering the dark cloud hanging over him.
“Two beds. One night, maybe two. I’ll let you know tomorrow,” Dean said to the brunette desk clerk with a flirtatious wink.
Sadness washed over Dean’s face and he swallowed thickly before answering. “My mom and me when I was little. I drew it from an old picture I stole from my dad. I lost her not long after the picture was taken.”
Dean kissed Cas again, letting his lips wander over the stubble of the angel’s jaw and down the long expanse of his throat. He worshipped every inch of skin he could reach with his mouth and fingertips as he allowed Cas to adjust to the stretch of him. When Cas moaned as Dean’s teeth nipped his earlobe, Dean was encouraged to move his hips a fraction of an inch before sliding back home and was rewarded with a breathy sigh of contentment from his angel.
There were moments last night that Cas believed Dean’s performance. He knows his inner alpha believed it if the dark hickey decorating Dean’s scent gland is anything to go by. But when Dean was begging to be knotted… to be bred… Cas was helpless. He’d wanted to bite Dean, and that urge has to be contained
Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s as the kiss broke, looking into the green depths of his eyes. “I love you,” Cas said sweetly before his hips started rolling in a slow rhythm against Dean’s.
Dean couldn’t help but smile as a memory came back to him of a time when they were kids and he made the mistake of taking Cas fishing because he’d never been before. Even though they threw their catches back every time, Cas could never reconcile himself with the fact that he was causing another creature pain. Just seeing the hook caught in a fish’s mouth left Cas frowning and saying,
Cas takes the glass and lets his eyes drag over Dean’s shirtless form. “Oh, I’m pretty sure you left me thirsty earlier,” he teases before taking a sip of the tart beverage. He drops down into the empty chair across from Dean and does his best not to start counting the freckles dotting the omega’s chest and shoulders. “What’s with the computer?”
Castiel beamed back at Dean, his heart fluttering in his chest in and all too human way. “I love you too.”
“I want you to fuck me, Dean. I’ve always been curious. We alphas have prostates too. I can’t imagine it would be any less pleasurable for me than it is for you,” Cas says.
“I told you before that you’re welcome to stay. You can continue to make stained glass, or you can do something completely different. Honestly, I don't care if you just want to hang around here in your pajamas all day, as long as I can call you mine. We can start a life together right now, if that’s what you truly want,” Dean said, reassuringly as he held Cas in his arms and ran his hands over the smooth expanse of his tanned back. “But, I think deep down, you want to finish school, and I don’t want you to wake up one day, five years down the road, with regret. I don’t want you to end up resenting me because you gave up on art school to stay here with me. But the choice is yours, Cas. I can’t decide for you.”
“You couldn’t have had many left.” Cas shrugs. Dean’s heat is coming either way. What difference would a few days make?
A few strokes, and the angel cried out, spilling his release over Dean's hand as he tensed around Dean's cock. Dean groaned at the extra tightness as he slowly stroked Cas down from his climax, then he followed, spilling deep inside the angel with a shout of “Castiel!"
Cas takes a few deep breaths to calm himself, and his scent regulates. “I don’t know what I would have done if he’d bitten you against your will.”
The tips are immediate, tallying up to hit the second goal within minutes, then Cas is on his back, propped up against a pile of pillows. “Some generous tippers tonight,” he says. “Thank you so much. Now we can really get the show started.”
“That’s it, Cas,” Dean praised as Cas wet and slipped a second finger into Dean’s ass. He crooked his fingers, and Dean melted, whimpering as Cas began to massage his prostate. His cock twitched and a bit of precum dribbled from the tip, dripping down his length until Cas’ clever tongue caught it, licking Dean clean and swallowing it down.
By the time they drove up the Parkway and paid too much for parking, they’d decided they definitely needed soft serve ice cream by the end of the night, but dinner was still up for debate. Dean took Cas’ hand, lacing their fingers together as they walked the boards, chit chatting and people watching. They laughed at the children shielding their treats from ballsy, inconsiderate seagulls and stopped to play a couple games, Dean grumbling about them being fixed when they walked away empty handed each time.
Dean couldn’t help but laugh as he tucked Cas away in his shorts, then did himself because Cas was basically useless post-orgasm, a fact that he’d tuck away for later.
Shutting the door behind him quietly, Dean flipped on a single lamp, illuminating the empty room. Cas hadn’t had many belongings, almost nothing, really. He had the clothes on his back, a cell phone, a few fake IDs and a mixtape, the only gift he’d ever received. All of those things were either on him, or in his truck when he died. Still, Dean looked through the entire room, opening empty drawers and a barren closet. He was on a mission to find something, anything the angel may have left behind to remind Dean of him. Frustrated when he came up empty handed, Dean sunk down on the bed. He picked up the pillow and breathed in deep, wishing he could smell Cas clinging to the fabric, but all he smelled was the fresh scent of detergent. Cas didn’t sleep.
Cas’ eyes opened and he looked over at Dean with that bright smile Dean couldn’t get enough of, all straight, white teeth, scrunched up nose and eye crinkles. “And I love you,” Cas said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, and Dean supposed it was. They certainly said it often enough, much to Dean’s surprise. He’d never been so open and free with those three little words, and now he found himself saying them a few times a day because they were more true than ever before and he couldn’t hold them in around Cas if he tried.
Things aren’t awkward between them exactly, but they’re quieter than normal as they browse the wares. Cas is distracted by a table of handmade crafts, turning over a beeswax candle in his hand and huffing in annoyance at not being able to remove his mask to smell it better, when Dean sees Jody Hanscum-Mills waving at him from her farm stand.
“Oh God,” Dean groaned, his imagination providing him with a very vivid image of Cas settled in against his headboard, watching porn and stroking himself to completion. He was brought back to his present reality by the sharp snap of Castiel’s hips against his own and the low moan that rumbled up from somewhere deep in Cas’ throat. “Fuck, Cas… clothes… gotta go.”
, and he found his arms wrapping around the bare-chested man in reciprocation as if they had a mind of their own.
Dean groaned and snapped his hips, bottoming out completely before drawing back out to slam into Cas again and again. A thin sheen of sweat broke out over his body as he sped his thrusts. Cas was moaning like a whore, and fuck if that wasn't the sexiest sound he'd ever heard.
“Come with me, Cas,” Dean breathed against his ear, and just like that, Cas shattered, releasing between their bodies with a startled moan. Seconds later, Dean tensed and sighed as his climax hit him forcefully and he emptied deep inside of his angel. They laid like that for a few precious minutes, kissing and caressing each other as they came down from their highs.
Dean blinked back at Cas in awe, his need to kiss the angel stupid now a raging, nagging necessity. “Cas, I’m gonna need you to show me whatever it is you have for me, and soon, because I’m gonna be honest with you, I don’t think I can keep my hands to myself much longer.”
“You know you roll your eyes with your whole body right?” Dean says with a grin and Cas just scowls at him. “What? It’s cute.” He shrugs and takes another massive bite.
“Cas,” Dean sighed, but allowed himself to be pulled closer. “I love art. If I could afford to quit my job and create full time, I would, but it’s better left as a hobby.”
Granted, the whole thing may have been his own fault for not telling Lisa early on that he was bi. It may have prepared her for the way a previous, very male, very alpha hookup had stopped by their table and said just a little too much about how lucky Lisa was to have Dean warming her bed. Or it may have revealed her true, homophobic colors earlier and saved him the heartache. He can still hear her “I’m disgusted!” ringing in his ears. Though it was the, “Now I see why you’re always talking about Castiel,” that had really stung.
“I’m good, Cas. I’m very good,” Dean finally affirmed, then he was grinding in Cas’ lap, circling his hips slowly as Cas looked back at him, wonderment written on his face. His hands pressed to Cas’ chest, the angel’s heartbeat fluttering under his fingertips, rapidly. Cas’ cock bumped his prostate on every swivel of Dean's hips, lighting Dean up from the inside out as they both gasp and softly moan into each other’s mouths.
“You guys are spoiling us. We’ll get there, I promise. Thanks, tippers. You’re amazing,” Cas says, hoping that fulfills his obligation to interact with the-holy shit- 2800 or so viewers.
“What? No!” Cas said loudly. “Just… I wasn’t completely honest with you, and it bothered me all night. I think I ended up with a couple hours of sleep, but I’m fucking exhausted, so I better just come out with it or I may never get a decent night’s sleep again.”
Cas’ eyes flew open and he rounded on Dean. He was just inches from the other man when he spat out, “Stop calling me ‘buddy.’”
“See you in my dreams, Cas,” he whispered to his empty room before tucking the feather safely back in its drawer.
The title of the room changes to reflect Cas’ first tip goal, and Dean’s heart sinks. Moments later, the ding of incoming tips has Castiel naked and up on his knees, soft cock on display, and Dean forgets all about feelings for the time being as he watches Cas’ gorgeous hips sway, teasingly. The urge to get up, walk down the hall, and swallow that cock down hits Dean like a freight train and he groans, sliding a hand down to cup the growing bulge in his underwear.
“Yes. Ok.” Cas shrugged. “I forgive you. Nothing can ever take away the pain you caused me, and I don’t have to like the fact that you didn’t try harder, but you were young and I can understand what caused your actions. We can’t change the past, and I’m exhausted from trying to stay mad at you. So, ok.”
“Maybe, we just let the hormones do their thing for now?” Dean says tentatively. “If you want to kiss me or scent me off cam, just do it, Cas. I promise I won’t mind.”
Cas blinked at him for a couple seconds, only turning when Dean gave a nod and reached out to gently spin him by his shoulders. When his eyes fell on the eight foot tall window, Cas gasped, his hand coming up to cover his mouth and tears filling his eyes.
Cas kissed Dean slow and deep so neither of them had to use words. He wouldn’t make a big deal out of Dean’s speech, even though it had caused about a million butterflies to take flight inside Cas’ chest. He knew Dean. He knew if he fawned over the declaration, Dean would smirk and make a joke, and he knew that even then, Dean meant it. He didn’t say things he didn’t mean. So Cas would take Dean’s commitment and hold it close and move on.
Cas reached into his back pocket and pulled out the little bottle, waving it in front of Dean's eyes. "I'm quite prepared.”
The ceiling of the room was peaked in places, mimicking the peaks of the roof just above his head, including over his bed, which made his sleep space feel almost cave-like.  To lighten it up, he strung strands of white lights over the bed, creating a comfy, albeit almost feminine, space that somehow just worked. The room didn’t exactly vibe with the rest of the house’s old Victorian charm, but it was his own private space, and it very much reflected that.
The toy vibrates again, on low, and with it comes Cas’ hand around his cock, stroking him agonizingly slowly. It’s so much and not enough. He sobs as it all stops at once.
He spent four years with his brother, working and learning how to run a business, even though Gabriel told him many times he could earn far better if he joined the service side of things. By the time he graduated, he knew the ins and outs of Gabriel’s business, but it was time to move on, and Cas struck out on his own, moving to New York City where he got a job with a large accounting firm.
“Stay there for a second, smart ass,” Dean said, slipping out of the car and circling around to Cas’ side to open the door for him.
“No Cas, I must have been saving that one for you,” Dean said before he kissed Cas again, savoring the taste of him and the feel of the angel’s soft lips yielding beneath his own. “I hope this is something you can enjoy the way you did when you were human. I know things are dulled for you now.”
As Dean circles his hips slowly, Cas watches as he wraps a hand around his own cock, stroking himself with the same slow, languid movements as his hips. The omega is drawing it out, keeping himself seated with Cas as deep inside himself as humanly possible. It’s maddeningly slow, but sensual and wildly erotic, and Cas just lays back and watches the muscles flex and roll under Dean’s skin with every swivel of his hips.
Cas nodded, his face splitting wide in one of those uncharacteristic smiles that had been gracing his features lately. “Ok, but first, I have something for you.”
Cas had spent most of the week following their little squabble hiding in his bedroom, feigning tiredness. Dean simply shrugged the excuse off rather than being a smart ass and pointing out that Cas didn’t even sleep, let alone get tired from simply lounging around the bunker all day. No use ruffling the angel’s feathers when something so potentially life-altering was hanging over them.
Dean hears the keyboard clicking as Cas sends the tip menu and sets the next goal, and all the he’s while rolling his hips to grind the toy inside himself. It feels nice. Dull waves of pleasure from the bulb of the toy pushing into his prostate, but it’s nothing compared to the intense vibrations that quake through him when the first tips come in.
Dean woke naked in his bed, and groggily wiped sleep from his eyes as he wondered if the whole thing had been a dream. With a smile, he recalled the events of the night and shifted in the bed, colliding with the solid warmth of another body.
Dean was quiet for a moment, trying to figure out a way to ask for what he wanted. “He was my… best friend?” He couldn’t help the way his voice pitched itself into a question at the end.
Cas reluctantly pulled away from Dean and looked at him with wide eyes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…”
“Is there any chance of me winning this argument?” Dean asked as he pushed scrambled eggs around on his plate with his fork.
He was so sick of the angel foolishly throwing himself in harm’s way every time he turned around. He was so scared he would lose him. First, Cas killed Billie, and the possible repercussions of that still terrified Dean every minute of every day. He’d almost died in that old barn the night they fought Ramiel. Then he flitted off to Heaven without a thought of how he would be received there after everything he'd done. Dean had spent weeks thinking Cas had been killed or imprisoned, and now here he was showing up with some half-cocked excuse of poor phone service to explain his radio silence.
“This should be our song,” Castiel said, the words all but lost against the flesh of Dean’s throat as he lowered his lips and sucked hard enough to bring blood blooming to the surface.
Dean stood still behind the bar, startled into inaction as Cas’ words really sank in. Future mate. He had hoped Cas saw him that way, but now he knew for sure. The realization made him snap into action, and he rounded the bar, stepping up to put his hands against the chests of the two alphas in an attempt to separate them and keep Cas safe.
Cas rolls them in a flash and Dean goes willingly to his back, legs opening wide for Cas to settle between them. He thrusts hard, forcing the most beautiful sounds from Dean, then he noses his way under Dean’s jaw to scent him. He's flooded with Dean’s own sweet scent and that kick of his own cinnamon that leaves Cas feeling possesive. That’s
He’s dressed much like he was last night when he broadcasted solo, just tight jeans and a tee shirt with bare feet. His hair is fixed neatly, and he looks gorgeous. His scent though… soap bubble clean with a hint of sweet cherry, but overwhelmed with undertones of pure nerves.
“Good boy,” Cas coos and Dean feels his cock jump at the praise. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, Omega. You want me to make you feel good?”
Cas let out a tiny, “oh,” then before Dean knew what was happening, he was being crowded against the side of the car and kissed within an inch of his life. Dean kissed back as good as he was given and his hands fisted in the back of Cas’ hoodie as he held him tightly. Cas’ hands crept behind his neck then up into the short hairs at the base of his skull as his tongue pushed into Dean’s mouth, turning the kiss filthy and leaving them moaning desperately against each other’s mouths. Their scents were turning sweeter and Dean was beginning to feel the slightest trickle of slick leaking from him just as Cas’ hips snapped forward to grind against his.
“No,” Cas said firmly, pulling his fingers free and slapping Dean’s ass again, the shock of sting enough to distract Dean and keep himself together.
Cas slowed to an easy grind, working Dean through the rest of his orgasm and feeling Dean go limp against him. He rubbed his hands up and down Dean’s back and kissed him and he lifted his head to gaze at him with sleepy eyes.
Cas tucks a pillow behind Dean’s head then shuffles higher until he’s straddling Dean’s chest. “Open,” he says firmly, and Dean obeys. Cas slides between Dean’s lips slowly, stopping before hitting the back of Dean’s throat, then he pulls out all the way. “Ok?”
“Hey, Cassie! Skipping out on game night?” Gabe said in greeting as Castiel shrugged then scooted next to him, peering over his shoulder to see what was looking at. “You’re too young for this, bro, but they’re pissing me off, so have at it.”
Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s after the kiss broke, holding eye contact as he plunged into him in shallow, quick thrusts that nailed Dean’s prostate and kept his knot from pushing past Dean’s rim. A desperate whine fell from Dean’s lips, and he wrapped his legs around Castiel’s hips to pull him closer.
“Maybe you haven’t watched my show enough,” he teases. “Jokes aside, these negotiations are important. Last time was spontaneous. We had to figure out where our boundaries are while we were on cam. We can’t do this now. I’m an established model and people expect a certain level of professionalism, so tell me Dean, what can I do to you?”
Cas slotted himself between Dean's thighs, grinding their erections together as he kissed the hollow of the man's throat. Dean's head fell back to allow greater access and the angel's mouth moved in earnest, pressing open mouthed kisses everywhere he could reach.
Cas just chuckles in response and shifts Dean into as comfortable a position as possible. Dean has to flatten his hands against the floor to brace himself or risk being dropped on his face, which would decidedly ruin the mood. One strong hand holds him in place long enough for Cas to guide himself back inside Dean’s waiting hole, then once seated, Cas grips him tight around his hips and starts to pound into him relentlessly.
Cas hums and continues rubbing Dean’s foot. “They’re opening back up. Limited capacity, masks and social distancing. They asked if I wanted to come back two days a week.”
“Cas, you fool.” Dean laughed, amusement permeating his scent strongly, only quieting when Cas looked at him with wide, questioning eyes. “You’re who I was waiting for, Angel.”
Cas feels like he can’t breathe as he takes the tiny scrap of satin and elastic from Dean. Dean’s eyes are dark, his scent swirling around them, sweet and thick with arousal.
Cas softened at Dean’s words, and wrapped his arms around him once more before pulling a blanket over them. “Anything you want, Dean,” he said, kissing the top of Dean’s head. The phrase was becoming their thing. It was their ‘Okay.’ It was their ‘As you wish.’
Dean dragged him over to the utility sink in the corner, turning the tap to cold and pulling Castiel’s hand under the water. “Don’t apologize for that. It’s not a big deal. I’m just pissed that I made you hurt yourself.”
Dean stood and Cas grabbed him by the waist and spun him, bending him over the little writing desk in a flurry of movement so quick, Dean didn't even know how it happened. His hand pressed between Dean's shoulder blades, holding him against the desk as Cas spit on the fingers of his free hand and unceremoniously shoved two of them inside Dean. The man cried out in surprise at the sudden intrusion, but pushed back against Cas' hand eagerly.
Dean scowled at him before tossing the pad into his lap. “Fine. But just know that you’re not playing fair.”
“I am your sword.” Dean said to Michael with conviction. “Your perfect vessel. With me you’d be stronger than you've ever been.”
Cas growled, snapping his hips into Dean roughly, chasing his own release. His thrusts sped again, and Dean found himself becoming aroused enough to enjoy it, even though he knew it was too soon to come again so soon.
“Just a couple hours, Dean. You shouldn’t get behind the wheel right now. I can take Jack and pick up some food for when you wake up.”
“Dean,” Cas said softly, trying to get Dean to stop, to think it through instead of acting on impulse. Deep down he knew it would never work, not when Sam was in danger, but he had to try.
Dean still remembers when they went house hunting together, fresh out of college. As passionate as Cas had been about the heavens and all things celestial in school, his other passion took over his life in a big way. In their senior year, Cas heard about the crisis of honeybees and colony collapse and he threw himself into research. It was far too late to do something drastic like change majors, but the nerd was hooked on bees and Dean couldn’t talk sense into him. Cas adamently fought for them to take this house because its backyard backs up to a farm. He’d gotten permission from the landlord to keep a few hives in the backyard to help pollinate the farm of perfect strangers.
“Hey yourself,” Cas responds with a smirk that says he knows exactly what Dean had been up to moments before. He should. The walls in their little craftsman house are thin and lingering omega arousal is permeating the air around them.
“I’ll do it.” Dean took the shaving supplies and walked over to the sink before efficiently shaving all of the pubic hair from the edge his pushed-down waistband to his navel. He wiped himself clean with wet paper towels and returned to the chair.
Sam finally came outside when the smoldering pile was nothing but a dim glow, little more than ash scattering in the breeze. He had settled Jack for the night and caught a few hours of sleep, waking in the pitch black of the cottage and wondering where his brother was. Surely, he still wasn’t outside. He’d pulled back a curtain to see Dean on the ground, still staring at what was left of the pyre. Sam had gone out to retrieve him, looking up to gauge the time. The moon still hung high in the sky, snug in a blanket of stars that were numerous and bright out here in the middle of nowhere. The sun had only been down for about an hour when Sam had left his brother’s side. Dean had stayed by Castiel’s side for hours.
“Come on, let’s patch you up,” Dean said, growing tired of watching Cas struggle with his flickering grace. He reached out to lightly tug at the sleeve of Castiel’s coat, coaxing Cas up from his chair.
"We will find Kelly Kline. Let's just enjoy this time, Dean. We don't know what's to come, but we'll deal with that together. For now, can we just live in this moment? We've waited too long for this," Cas pleaded with him. He ached to just forget. The last couple days had been everything he'd ever wished for, and dwelling on the past was just going to put a damper on it. "I just want to be free for a little while, Dean. Maybe that's why I stopped here. Once we're done with this hunting trip, we'll have to go back to reality, and I'm not ready yet.”
That leads Dean’s mind down a very dangerous path and before he can stop himself, he’s clicking out of the room on a new mission. Sure, he could search out another alpha, but it’s in his head now. He types Cas’ username into the search bar, and suddenly there he is on Dean’s screen.
The alpha stalked angrily down the hall, slamming the door behind him, and in a flash, Dean was in his room, door shut securely behind himself. He followed the spicy scent further into the room, finding it at its strongest when he reached the bed. He lowered himself into the thick of it, letting it curl around him and meld with his own scent delectably. There was an underlying scent he could make out now that he was encased in it… alpha rut. Slick began to pool between his thighs, its sweet scent mingling with the others and revealing the combined aroma of himself and the alpha that had been in his room.
“Ugggghhhhhh,” he cries out, tapping the phone against his forehead in frustration. Does he call back? Wait for Cas to call again? Jump off the nearest bridge? That last option is sounding pretty good right about now if he’s being completely honest.
“Cas,” he breathed as their eyes met. Cas nodded, and Dean pushed himself higher on his knees before guiding the angel’s hard cock to his entrance. He was so open and willing, and as he sank down, he released a keening moan that matched Cas’ own. As his hips came flush with Cas’, Dean curled his body forward, so their chests were flush, and he kissed Cas slowly and deeply. Cas kissed back in kind, licking his way into Dean's mouth and burying his fingers in Dean’s hair as he pressed his hips upward, encouraging Dean to start moving.
Dean stopped praying and looked back into the flames. The wind had stilled and the world had gone quiet, just the crackling of wood continuing to burn. There was no sign, no voice booming from the heavens or little bearded guy with a cocky grin to tell him it was going to be ok. No reassurance that Cas had gone to Heaven. He was just… gone, and he’d taken Dean’s faith with him.
Eventually, he drifted off to sleep, immediately surrounded by the all too familiar nothingness he always found himself in after slipping into unconsciousness. He waited, listening for Cas’ panicked
Dean chuckled. “So who is this character, and how did your father end up self indulgently naming you after him?”
After Dean was back by his side, the sun had dropped and they were getting sticky with melted marshmallow and chocolate, Castiel demanded a campfire story. Dean leaned in and licked the chocolate from the corner of Cas’ mouth and Cas turned and captured his lips in a proper kiss.
He had never felt this before, this magnetic pull to Cas. Deep down, in a secret place he kept locked up tight, he knew his feelings were stronger than those he’d ever had for anyone else, and it was terrifying. He’d meant it when he’d told the bartender that Cas was too good for him. No way in Hell did he deserve Cas, but looking at him now, lithe and stretched out across the hood of his beloved Impala, he almost didn't care. He wanted to walk over there and ravage Cas, to selfishly corrupt him and bend him to his own desires. He took a deep breath and wiped his suddenly sweaty palms on his jeans before stepping towards the angel.
Dean was still facing the slightly open door and he had two choices. He could walk out the door and let Cas finish his show, or he could close the door, turn around, stay and… and what? He felt a little spark of excitement shoot through him. He wanted to know what would happen if he stayed. The door clicked shut, and Cas moaned low and sexy behind him.
Cas snaps Dean out of his thoughts as he suddenly picks him up and carries him clear across the house to the couch, still buried inside of him.
Cas laid his body over Dean's, gathering the man up in his arms and holding him tight as he slowly began to rock into him again.
"We should go back to the motel room," Dean said, laughing into the crook of Castiel's neck as the angel stepped into him again. He was still pressed against the Impala by the length of the angel's body, Cas' hands slipping up into his hair and pulling him back into a deep kiss. Dean's brain went fuzzy as his eyes slid shut and the outside world fell away once more.
“Of course I’m anxious. I’ve never, well, I’ve never done much of anything,” Cas said, embarrassment creeping in to nestle alongside the scent of anxiety.
Dean looks down at Cas, spread across their nest from end to end, toes curling over the bottom edge of the mattress and hands clinging to the top edge and… “No, this is perfect.” Cas has so much of his skin touching their nest, his natural scent and precum permeating into the blankets beneath him and Dean needs to take him now.
“Hey, Angel, what’s going on in that beautiful head of yours?” Dean asked as he returned to their booth with a box of fresh apple cider donuts and two cups of hot chocolate. Some things never changed.
He sighs as he watches Cas draw his knees up to his chest so he can rest his chin on them while he continues to stare at the tree.
Cas was pressed against him, embracing him back and scenting him in return and God, it was hard holding back. It was everything Dean could do not to bend over Cas’ desk and present for him.
“Hope there’s something in there we can play with,” Dean teases and wiggles his eyebrows at the camera. The response from the viewers is immediate.
"Am I enough for you, Dean?" Cas demanded, pushing a knee between Dean's legs and grinding his hard length against the hunter's thigh.
"I would never ask that of you," Dean said, framing Cas' face in his hands and planting a kiss on him.
Cas chuckled and tried to remember everything he was taught in sex ed so many years ago. Omegas nest when they're about to go into heat. They like to surround themselves with things that smell like their alpha… well, he supposes he’s the closest thing Dean’s got… and they seek their alpha’s approval because the nest is as much for the alpha as it is the omega. Dean would feel the instinct to
“Ellen,” he whined as his makeshift mother opened his door and prepared to help him from the car. “It’s not too late. Get me out of here, please.”
Dean pulls his fingers free and pats Cas’s flank so he’ll move aside, then sits on the edge of the mattress at the foot of the bed.
Cas smoothes a lock of hair off of Dean’s forehead, noting that he feels hot now. The fever is returning and Dean does, in fact, <em>need</em> him. “You can have me, but I want you to build the nest for us, ok, sweetheart? Let’s get our scents all over it again, just how you like it, ok?”
Dean paused on the second stair and gazed towards the heavens for a second as he pulled up a mental image of what Cas could be doing on his bed at that exact second. “Yeah?” he asked, his voice betraying how affected he already was. “Get started without me, Angel?”
“Shh,” Dean soothed and brushed the tear away with his thumb. “I’ll fight, Cas. I’ll fight to get back to you every second of every day. And if Michael won’t let go, you find him and you break through. I’ll hear you Cas. Like the time I had The Mark and when you were under Naomi’s control… we get through to each other, Cas. You can reach me. You get to me and you make me expel him… but if you can’t… if Michael is too strong, you take care of him.”
That week while they were sequestered away from the world, with the urgency of their cycles out of the way, they could safely give in to temptation. They were freshly tested for STIs, birth control in Dean’s blood stream, and it was finally going to happen. Castiel was exhilarated and terrified, ready and not, his heart pounding in his chest every time his eyes met Dean’s.
Cas watched him go, then flicked his wrist, cleaning himself up and getting fully dressed in a matter of seconds. He slid his hand under Dean’s pillow and pulled out the Colt, which thankfully was still residing there. He hated himself in that moment for what this would do to Dean, but he had a duty to fulfill and this small betrayal was worth it to keep the Winchesters out of the whole mess. He wasn’t convinced that the boys would find another solution to the Kelly Kline situation and they were quickly running out of time, so Cas would leave and do what needed to be done.
"So did you," Cas said, his voice impossibly deep. He took Dean's hand and held it to his lips. The fingertips were coated in a sticky mess of chocolate and marshmallow. He watched Dean's eyes turn dark with lust then took the fingers between his lips, sucking them slowly with a flourish of his tongue. Dean moaned as the sensation of Cas' wet mouth shot straight to his dick. When the fingers were clean, Cas pulled the hand away and growled, moving quickly and pinning Dean against the blanket beneath them.
Castiel’s heart is racing and he’s fairly certain he’s close to hyperventilating. He’s been out of the game for far too long, never wanting to date while his kids were small, but now that they were teens and he found someone he liked, he’d been thinking about it more than he cared to admit. Oh God, should he call Dean? Maybe he’d call, just to apologize for Jack and see where it went from there.
If Mrs. Butters taught Dean one thing in her short time with them in the bunker, it was to appreciate the little things in life. Things like eating a home cooked meal, celebrating the holidays or just telling the ones you love that you do, in fact, love them.
WARNING: I'm going to Vegas Con in a few weeks, and will be spending a week out there visiting family as well. Depending on how ahead I can manage to get, there may be a Friday either during or that week or the week after the con that I may not have a chapter ready. I'll try to give a heads up again when I post on the chapter due on the 22nd.
Castiel had been attending art school in Philadelphia for three years, learning technique after technique and never finding the right niche to settle into. His family was trying to push him into graphic design, trying to convince him that everything was digital nowadays, but the thought of losing that tactile connection to his art was unbearable. So year after year, he clung tightly to paints and clay, sketched with pencils, carved out blocks for printing with ink until his fingertips were stained black, but he never figured out what medium he wanted to stick with. He was good at a little bit of everything, and great at exactly nothing. His parents said he lacked focus, called him flighty, and that just made him laugh because he was named after the black-winged angel that his father created for his book series. If they wanted him firmly on the ground, they should have never given him wings to fly.
The nephilim’s wings, hanging lifeless and half folded were a clear indication of profound sadness. It was as if he simply didn’t care enough to fold them neatly against his back, but seeing as he was just hours old, it was possible that he just didn’t have a handle on them yet. With his humanity weighing him down, there was even a chance he didn’t even know of their existence yet.
Gabriel had been born somewhere in the middle, the seventh child to be exact, and he came with a rebellious streak a mile wide. Presenting as a beta was neutral territory in their household, but he had neither the natural dominance of an alpha, nor the submissive obedience of an omega, and as the only beta in the family, his inquisitive nature became his downfall. Where the other children fell in line, attending church, and doing their chores while wearing their chastity rings, Gabriel questioned everything.
“Please,” Dean begs. He’s hard and straining and slick is leaking from him faster than Cas can drink it up and he’s
“In a hurry?” Dean asked cheekily after pulling off of Castiel’s dick with a loud, sucking pop and taking the bottle.
Cas opened him up nice and slow, his tongue lapping at Dean's hole until Dean was floating from pleasure and couldn't remember what he was even in a hurry to go do. Long, slender fingers pushed inside him, probing, retreating and pushing back in again before searching out his prostate and massaging it until Dean is writhing and begging for Castiel to fill him up. Slicked up and settled between Dean's legs, Cas kissed him sweet and slow, lips parting and tongues tangling. Cas puleds away and flipped Dean over until he was flat on his stomach, then straddled his thighs.
Dean choked up, a sob working its way free from deep in his chest. He heard the snap of a twig in the distance. He knew someone was coming closer and he couldn’t even find it in himself to care if Sam heard him now. What difference would it make? Tears flowed freely and he dropped to his knees just as he had when Cas was laying dead at his feet, body still warm. It felt like seconds ago and a world away all at the same time. How could he have let this happen? How could he have just let Sam pull him away from Cas? He should have fought harder. Cas should have listened. What what he thinking? The stupid angel had to know he was no match for Lucifer and his blade would do nothing. And he watched Cas come back through the tear and stand there too close, much too close to the apocalypse world just on the other side. Why hadn’t he pulled Cas away from there? He should have saved him. This was all his fault.
Setting note: I considered picking another shore town, but my grandparents' house was in Avalon, and it holds a very dear spot in my heart, especially since I lost my grandfather just under two weeks ago. Besides, how pretty is the name Avalon? It just sounds like a utopia, doesn't it? (Sidetone: Avalon was also an island featured in the King Arthur legend, if you want to check that out.)
“I want you to come in my mouth,” Cas said, his voice pitched low and growly enough that Dean groaned from his words alone. Then he was on Dean again, sucking hard enough for his cheek to hollow, and leaving Dean a moaning, begging mess. Minutes later, thighs quivering, Dean granted that wish, coming hard in Cas’ mouth as Cas swallowed him down greedily, not a drop spilled.
They’re in the middle of one of their bought and paid for lip-locks, Cas nipping at Dean’s bottom lip and making breathy little sounds that make it seem like he’s ready to amp things up soon.
“You taught me the basics. That’s all I needed,” Cas said with a shrug, and if that came off as cocky, so be it. Castiel was an artist, and all he needed was a nudge in the right direction so he could spread his wings and create. “You’ve been busy anyway. Can I see it yet?” He nodded toward the back room where Dean’s window was still carefully concealed.
Seconds ticked by slowly, while Cas studied the window, his head tilted and his hand clamped over his mouth, and finally Dean couldn’t take it anymore. “Say something, Cas.”
“Yeah. Yeah, he was. He was fucking beautiful. He had these blue eyes. I’ve never seen anything quite like them, not bright like you think when someone says they have blue eyes. They were dark… stormy.” Dean smiled for just a second, but it was fleeting when he realized he was there because he would never see Cas again., never look into those eyes. He was there for closure, to say goodbye and try to let go.
But there were those other little memories. The ones even Sam never really knew about. The time he made Cas the mixtape the day after Cas had said “I love you,” on his deathbed. It had been followed up with, “I love all of you,” but Dean knew that first one belonged to him alone and he’d packaged it up and stored it away in the deepest recess of his heart, a little private place he reserved for the very few things he refused to share.
“Cas, you’re beautiful,” Dean was in awe. After almost ten years, he could perceive Cas’ true form, and it was almost blinding. He focused his sight, narrowing it down to take in the human form Cas had taken for nearly a decade. “I can see your wings. If I realized this would happen, I’d have let an angel in sooner.” a little laugh escaped him as he stepped closer and ran his fingertips over Cas’ plumage.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean chokes out as Castiel’s hips slam into him, pushing him further up the mattress with their force. He gasps and smirks up at Cas as he feels fingers wrap around his throat and squeeze for a few seconds before the hold releases and air flows into his lungs once more. “Fuck yes. Again, Baby,” he pleads as Cas continues to move inside him.
Not that he could blame Cas. The entire situation was fucked up, to need each other but not necessarily
Dean reached out tentatively, tracing Cas’ jawline with his fingertips and he gasped in surprise when Cas sharply turned his head and kissed his palm softly. His hands fell to the back of Cas’ neck and he took at chance at pulling Cas in, coaxing him in for a kiss.
“You’re mine. I don’t share, Omega.” Cas was leaning over the console between the seats, pushing himself into Dean’s space and wrapping one large hand around the back of Dean’s neck.
“Do you want to play with my ass?” the guy asks, and Dean’s dick twitches in interest, seemingly unaware that it found release not too long ago. He supposes he misses men more than he thought he did. He watches as the guy reaches over and brings a plug into view. “Should I put this in my ass and let you fuck me?”
