“Why?” he asks. “Why don’t you want to go back yourself? Why would you want to stay here?”
He’s been trying not to think of that encounter. Doesn’t know what to make of it. It had refused to call itself God - but what else is something that claims to be the source of all things in the universe? In the
“I want to know everything,” he says. “Everything you know about where Buck is. Everything important.”
Clint doesn’t make a habit out of listening to other people’s conversations. At least not at the compound. Their business isn’t his, and if experience has taught him anything it’s that the less he knows about their interpersonal drama the better he fairs.  It’s why, most  the time, he leaves out his hearing aids when he’s home.
And Steve
“I’m Beth,” she says. “Do you know me?”
,” he corrects. “Elizabeth, look, I’m going to get you home. Frankly, the fact that you exist is really screwing with me, so the sooner I can get you out of here the better.”
be. Maybe there is something in his genes that knows she’s his, or some reverberation across realities,
“You too,” Tony says. He keeps his eyes on the road.
“You’re from the future,” he says and it’s not a question.
Joe says, “I bet it would be easier if you weren’t so good at denying yourself things you want.”
Which means they’re assuming that was Loki, too.
That him just wants to go back to Peggy.
The laugh Steve chokes out is just delirious enough to make Jarvis’ eyes widen. It’s
Steve says, in a voice that Tony hates the most but still makes his skin tingle pleasantly. That fond, exasperated, warning of a way that sounds like,
"Just think about it, okay?" Steve says. He leaves before FRIDAY can scan him.
The panic that rose up to choke him on Morag returns.  Knocks him against the wall, the hard edges of the case and hammer in his bag dig into his back, and he can’t breathe. There’s no time for this - as soon as possible he has to get down there and replace the Tesseract and then, after it’s done, he can find another shore somewhere, another ocean to pour all his grief into.
Steve nods and his younger self’s eyes turn red, are probably burning the same way his own are. The thought of what it would have meant to him to hear that within the first months of waking up is almost too much. To be given that fragile, tentative hope, when he had nothing else.
But it’s difficult to believe, even if he’s accepting the being's help. The risk is worth it and Steve really has nothing left to lose. It’s slightly embarrassing now to think he’d begged for this. Just the opportunity for a second chance.
But still, he’s also thinking of the hundred and forty-two ways he knows how to subdue someone, without using his weapon.
“I’m so
“Do you believe in fate?” Steve asks.
Some people you’re born to love, down in your bones, and they live inside you until you turn to ash.
Steve comes in and tosses the bags on the
The ache in Tony feels turns into pain. It circles around the RT in his chest. Settles slightly to the left, sharp as a knife.
bed, and says, “Yeah, I asked for one bed. And there it is.”
It’s a good sound bite, looks stellar on the news and Avengers propaganda. I’ll give you that. But nothing about you is average. You’re extraordinary, Steve.”
There’s no way, Steve knows that. He’s seen impossible things, that’s true, but this would be something else if he believed it. It’s too big. There’s only one thing really makes
“Did you mean what you said?”
is so shocking he almost pulls the car over.  He doesn’t. But the Q8 does swerve when Tony briefly loses control of his body, and Steve laughs a little as he rights the wheel for him.
Elizabeth Rogers is gone just as fast as she arrived and Tony finds a hole inside him that hadn’t been there three days ago.
“Some strength. Good memory,” she says with a shrug. “And I’m a quick healer.”
There’s no room to breathe in this timeline. The Avengers haven’t gone their separate ways - SHIELD, and HYDRA inside it, is making sure of that. Not only did they let the Tesseract and Loki slip through their fingers, the sceptre is missing too. As far as Steve can tell SHIELD doesn’t suspect him. They haven’t tried to apprehend 2012’s Steve.
proud.”
Steve feels flush with embarrassment, but there’s no use in being dishonest even if that’s what his instincts are crying out to do.  He can’t explain about the time he’s spent mourning Natasha and Tony across space and time.  All the shores in the past and future he cried in front of.  Doesn’t know how to express any of it.
“Mean what?”
Steve’s breathing hitches, nearly stops, and he only just manages not to cry.
There’s a dangerous trembling in Elizabeth’s bottom lip that she tries, and fails, to bite away. And when she puts down the coffee Tony knows what’s going to happen, but has no power to stop it. He’s not even sure he
Her eyes are big and blue, her hair the color of winter wheat, and when she smiles it’s as warm as sunshine. When she turns to look around the compound, Clint catches the Avengers’
She laughs, and it’s a pretty thing. Familiar. Her entire body shakes with it. His quiver is on the other side of the room, slung over the arm of the sofa. Completely useless. For some reason he still believes the compound is always safe. It’s stupid, really. He knows better.
Tony hums and Elizabeth turns back to Nat. When the scans JARVIS takes of the gauntlet pop up on screen, Tony turns his full attention to them, and blocks out whatever the girls are saying. There’s something deeply unsettling about all of this, and he’s only now starting to realize what it is.
, well, that’s not really a choice at all.”
on the sleeve of her bomber jacket. It’s hard, he thinks, to keep track of all the youngsters these days. Maybe that’s why she looks familiar.
he chokes out. “You’re Loki. You have to be.”
“You asked for one bed? Bed. Singular bed. Not beds, plural. Bed.” Steve nods as he kicks off his sneakers. “Why would you ask for one singular bed?”
“Sorry, Winghead,” he says softly. “You’re not going to convince me you’re just
They’re standing in front of the Grand Canyon, and it
Always called him
“You have a
Steve interrupts him with a sigh. He says, his voice low and gentle, “Tony, that’s exactly why I should have.”
Even if he wanted to tell him, Tony doesn’t know how. The way he loves Steve rolls over him in waves, pulls back and pushes forward like the tide, and he could drown in it. That he’s selfish and greedy and wants it all for himself. Wants to believe that Steve’s right, but only that fate kept him on ice all those years
He wonders if Tony ever got the chance to say that.
now let’s see what’s shaking on vormir
It’s been two weeks since the Battle of New York, and everyday that Steve hesitates, the mind stone gets heavier.
“Of course he is,” Joe says. “A soul, whatever you want to call it, everyone only gets one of those. He’s the guy you just watched save the universe. And he’s this guy about to save the city.”
Not that he’s considering anything.
comes out of him.
The figure sparkles, like the sun reflecting off a mirror, and it burns Steve’s eyes until he has to look away.  It doesn’t make him feel any better. The entire city is still frozen, maybe the entire world with the way it feels - as if he’s stepped out of reality, a skip in a record, a glitch.  The Man Out of Time.
But he
you guys know about one-above-all or??
They come up on the last Manhattan stop, the train rattling as it slows. The doors open and wait for no one then close again. And it continues on across the river.
When she finally comes to him, Tony secures the watch back around her wrist with steady, absolutely not shaking fingers.
“Thank you, everyone,” Elizabeth says, in a top notch Captain America voice. “There’s so much - I’ve been lost for a while. Thank you for helping me get home. I know you aren’t
face on, which means she’s in light interrogation mode. It doesn’t escape Tony’s attention that Steve takes a step closer, almost shoving between them, as if his instinct is to protect the girl.
, pushes Tony face-first into a vortex. These things happen. Tony knows that better than anyone. Sometimes he meets a
“Does it matter?”
JARVIS has the uncommon decency not to answer.
“Well, she’s definitely yours,” Nat says dryly. Tony shoots her a look, but he’s sort of proud all the same.
It had said
The sky is so blue, bright and clear in every direction, and the same exact color of Steve's eyes.
There was a candy store around the corner when he was a kid.  They had fountain sodas and a jukebox. When the Trolley Dodgers played the old man who owned it always kept the radio loud and let him and Bucky sit behind the counter and eat sweets as they listened.  His wife was a stout woman with rosy cheeks, who was kind and generous and always made sure his coat was stuffed with old newspaper in the winter, to keep him warm.
No, it doesn’t.
Natasha levels him with a long, unhappy, and frankly unnecessary glare, but helps him back to his feet.  As she takes off her gloves and unwraps her knuckles, she says, “I know you’re intelligent, but you’re such a dumbass when your little feelings are hurt.”
It’s after midnight and Tony will offer a car, the way he always used to. Steve will refuse it, the same way he always did.  It was a different time, under different circumstances, but this seems to be a constant.  Steve always forgos Tony’s offer.  He hops on the 4, takes it to the Bleeker Street stop and transfers to the F.  For three days Steve trails him and it’s a testament to how badly the other Steve is doing that he doesn’t notice.
Tony closes his eyes and tries to breathe and pretends he doesn’t feel the way Steve’s eyes are burning into him.
“Say again?”
It's a Tuesday, fresh off their latest run-in with the Wrecking Crew when Steve asks, and knocks Tony sideways.
The reworking of Reed’s device is easy.  It’s mostly just honing it’s capabilities and giving it a little kick. Most of the big stuff is done by Strange and Wanda, spells and reality adjustments that Tony doesn’t want anything to do with, because he deeply, deeply hates it all.  But he trusts them, so he doesn’t bother worrying much about it. Not too much, anyway.
There’s a beat - a heavy, uncomfortable silence - and Steve’s eyes are burning into Tony again, but the look on his face is unreadable.
I hate alternate realities. They’re the
When Steve laughs he throws his head back. It starts in his belly and works it's way up his chest, until he's grabbing at himself, his body vibrating, humming, until it pops like a bursting balloon from behind his teeth. His fair skin flushes, pink down the line of his neck and a bright red on his cheeks. And then he reaches out for Tony, in the driver's seat, sitting across from him in the booth of a diner, at the Soap Box Derby Hall of Fame. He reaches out and puts his warm hand on Tony's shoulder or chest, and the touch unlocks something inside him, something usually wound tight, until Tony starts laughing too.
She pulls away and Tony takes her face in his hands, just to look at her.  The perfect mix of him and Steve, smart as a whip, brave and strong and kind.  It’s easy to imagine how much her mother loves her; Tony can feel its warmth inside him.  It’s beautiful, and it aches.
“He’s so annoying,” Elizabeth says. “I couldn’t stand it. I’d rather jump into a spacetime vortex than listen to him.”
At least they’re both pulling for the same hometown at the end of the day.
He thinks they got a pretty good shot, and he’s sort of an expert.
“Sorry,” Steve pants, straightening himself out and tugging his hat down a bit more.  “Sometimes I just can’t, uh, shake it. Thank you.”
“Peggy?” Tony asks in a small voice, doing another once over of the room to make sure he hadn’t missed her somehow. “Is she still here?”
The circle changeup wildly hooks around and Steve has to jump back to avoid it colliding with his hip.
Natasha's sigh cuts him off. "Steve, I know that as captain of this team you're concerned about the well-being of all your players, but Tony's just recovering from some bender. He's shown these kinds of patterns since he first started in the league."
They walk out onto the field, their starting lineup announced each by name and number before their opponents come out. The Irons, as always, look like a well-oiled machine, a united front as they come to stand in front of the home team, player facing player. Tony resists the urge to visibly gag when it’s Justin Hammer who comes to a stop just a foot in front of him. He determinedly keeps his gaze forward but focused somewhere beyond the fucker’s smarmy mug, refusing to make eye contact.
As long as the Bisons win this. Their game began shortly after the Avengers’ match against Rochester, the entire team booking it back to the hotel afterwards so they can catch the tail end of the game that will be deciding their fate.
“But of course!” The man replies compliantly, finally releasing Tony’s hand. He wipes it off on the side of his thigh when the man turns away. “Come, come, right this way, we’ll get you to some of our best tables in the house.”
Steve naturally gravitates towards his own poster, mouth hanging open slightly. He had expected it to be the photo of himself he was familiar with, the one everyone knew from his limited edition baseball card. The one in his Stars jersey, body twisted in that perfect batting pose, his jaw clenched and gaze determined as he earned a grand slam in his debut game in the Major League in ‘83. However, the picture Howard has hanging on the wall is from his earlier days. He can’t be older than Tony is now in the photo. It’s from the three-year period he had played for the Class A-Advanced league. He was still getting out of his awkward phase after a sudden growth-spurt late into his teen years, his physique still showing the potential for room to bulk up. Steve almost doesn’t recognize himself, the photo looking like a candid from a game long in the past. He was standing on base, arm outstretched as if he had just fired the ball to one of his teammates, a bright smile on his face. Steve did recognize that smile though, knowing he must’ve just witnessed Bucky receiving his throw in the nick of time to get someone out.
“Aw, you made me breakfast, you shouldn’t have!” The man grins, leaning casually against the door frame, outfitted in a neon tracksuit and windswept hair as if he just stepped out of a J.C. Penney ad.
“Hold your horses, Jesus,” Tony mutters to no one in particular, now hopping on one foot as he makes the one last trip to his bedroom to make sure he wasn’t forgetting anything.
Janet sighs and rubs her temple, clearly trying not to lose her temper in front of the visitors. If they were alone, she would’ve snapped at Tony by now. “Your transfer to our team was under very
A huff of amusement from his left. “Relax, Steve told me about you two.”
He wonders if Natasha is doing it on purpose, but he decides not to ask, leaving that bear unpoked.
. Besides,” he clasps Steve’s hand tighter. “I’m not alone. I have you to support me and I don’t need or
Steve hears the soft, damp sand squishing underfoot as Tony approaches, turning to smile at him. “Morning. How was your run?”
“Bye, Peg,” he watches her cross the parking lot to where Tony’s been waiting. He doesn’t miss the glare Tony shoots his way as he pulls out of the lot, speeding back onto the road. As if they hadn’t needed anymore points of contention, of course fate had to throw one more stick into Steve’s wheel spokes.
“Sounds like you’re trying to tell me I’ve been replaced,” Tony says with a smile. “What’s his name?”
“I tried, he would not budge this morning.”
She laughs and gently eases his arms back to his sides. “Limited use, remember? We all want to see you back on that field.”
him. He’s not all bad, if you like wholesome do-gooders who are constantly making their moral agendas known. Tony just has to sit back and remind himself that he didn’t come to the Avengers to make himself happy. He’s proving a point, and so far it’s working splendidly.
They arrive at the airport, check their bags, and Janet hands them their itineraries. It’s been a while since Tony’s traveled with a smaller group like this, enjoying the ease of it all. They have a couple hours layover in Kansas City, but are set to land in Vegas by early evening. Perfect, Tony has plenty of time to hit the casinos tonight.
with just about everybody.”
“I’ve got bets with the other guys that you’ll play even worse than when we kicked your ass last year. Any comments on that?”
for disaster.
Because, while Tony’s world was moving on, he still thought of Steve everyday.
“Hey.” Steve cleared his throat. He propped himself against the office desk and crossed his arms. “Any news?”
The silence settled over them felt everlasting; but Tony knew it had only been one, maybe two seconds.
He began to make out the exclamation’s, the cries of disapproval that would come with Thanos lifting the gauntlet. The Titan’s mind was already made up. He was prepared to attempt a second snap.
Steve blinked.
The brunet popped a blueberry in his mouth as he huffed, rolling his eyes. His AI’s seemed rather keen of developing their own personalities. He couldn’t find it within him to actually be bothered. It beat them sounding far too robotic and inhuman, he shrugged.
Annie’s brothers immediately come rushing down the hill, not even bothering with the sleds. The kids building the snowman at the base of the hill come running up when they catch wind of the celebrities among them, immediately clamoring for attention, throwing out questions about baseball and the other Avengers.
“Didn’t need to know that either.”
“At least I didn’t cheat my way to the top,” Tony responds venomously.
“Don’t play dumb, Tony, you’re no good at it,” Steve chides with a wry smile. “I just mean… We’ve been doing
When he comes back out, Steve and Peggy are gone. Doctor Hallstatt speaks before he can ask where they went. “I asked them to step outside just so I can evaluate your condition properly, just the two of us.”
Steve takes a step back to let Rhodes in on what is  quickly turning into a huddle as Natasha comes over as well. “Your sixty seconds are up. Get back out there, Stark. If you don’t get your shit together in the next inning, you’re done.”
“And none of you thought it might be a good idea to consult me as to what I think is best for the team? You appointed me as captain for a reason and then decided to go right over my head—”
There's a suit hanging on the back of Tony's bathroom door, no doubt Armani— it
"Not you, Stark. You stay a little longer, I need to talk to you," Natasha calls out as the team makes their way off the field. No one else really notices Tony being called back, but Steve hesitates. Tony flashes him a dirty look at his pause, causing Steve to trip over his feet for a second as he hurries to get off the field.
“Defusing the bomb is a bit of a poor analogy,” she points out with a sigh. “At this point, the bomb has exploded, the building has collapsed, and we need to drag you out of the rubble. But Coulson is right, we can better help you if we know who he is and if we know whether or not we need to pay him off to keep him quiet or help him not be discovered.”
While there’s really only a handful of players left since Tony was last a part of the team— himself, Thor, Bruce, and Clint— The entire team has welcomed him back with open arms. Most of the controversy faded not long after Tony left the Knights, but they were all prepared for it to come back tenfold after today. Somehow (aka Janet’s expertise), they’ve been able to keep Tony being back on the team a secret from the media. Today is their first televised friendly, and the cat will be out of the bag once Tony is seen in the dugout, eventually taking center stage once he goes in as Peter’s relief.
Tony swings on the next one, making sure he’s a little early on purpose to watch the ball go flying left, just out of bounds. That’s a foul and a strike against him. The ball gets back to the pitcher. Tony switches back to stand on the original side of the plate he had started at. On the surface, this is a desperate move, something a player did only upon realizing he’s not able to get the ball where he wants it when batting lefty. He can see Greene smirking from the pitcher’s mound as he winds up for another pitch.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll let you out when you two are done talking things out!” Natasha calls back, not at all sounding apologetic as her voice fades away, already retreating.
He’s just coming out of two weeks of rehab, something he’s been fighting tooth and nail against for the past year whenever it was brought up. With combined efforts of Carol, Steve, Pepper, Bruce, and Rhodey, they were eventually able to convince him to take a break and go through a detoxing for at least a week. Carol was the real heavy hitter there, the only one with any authority to threaten Tony with being dropped off the leading roster if he didn’t go. Every time there’s a period of Tony not playing, rumors get stirred up that he’s finally being kicked out of Major League play because of his
"It's alright. The real problem in my lap now is to try and find a capable enough manager," she laughs then jokingly adds. "You want to interview for the position?"
She presses her lips together and nods. “Of course. Well, if you remember anything, please let someone know right away.” She straightens up, collecting her files. “I’ll send Steve and Peggy back in. Some nurses will come by in a bit to have you moved to the general wing as well.” She walks over to the door, hesitating with her hand on the handle. “I also wanted to mention that we recommend very limited to none smoking or drinking for the sake of your lungs and your liver, Tony.”
“Yeah, something like that.” She hums thoughtfully, a spark in her eye. Tony hates that spark. That spark means Carol is scheming, which won’t end well for him. “It was nice running into you two. Nice to meet you, Steve,” she gives a little wave and ruffles Tony’s hair before hurrying back down the dock to help her dad unload the boat, throwing over her shoulder. “And I’ll see you tomorrow at seven, a.m., bright and early, Tone!”
Falsworth and Morita are both on base, first and second. So they both couldn’t manage more than singles, and they don’t have any outs yet. This will be easy.
"That or recovering from a drug trip," Natasha shrugs. "It's not my business as long as those drugs aren't the enhancing kind and he hasn't OD'd on the bathroom floor."
," Natasha interrupts fiercely, stepping towards Tony with crossed arms. Steve notices everyone take a step back from the exchange.
“Ah,” Steve nods and continues to eat. He’s looking imploringly at Tony in such an honest matter that he wants to shrink under the weight of his gaze. He can’t stand to look at Steve right now, eyes falling back to his plate. “I think you should sign.”
are all I can think about
Steve’s eyes not so subtly cut over to the other side of the room where Tony is standing with Janet and some of the other bridesmaids, his tie now a silver and no longer matching the colors of their deep red dresses, instead now looking like he belonged on the groom’s side of the stage during the ceremony.
Tony wasn’t joking that this needed to be quick. He slides one finger into Steve, giving him almost no time to adjust before a second one is joining it. He tucks his face into his arm to muffle his groans, cock bobbing helplessly in front of him as he gently rocks his hips back to help Tony loosen him up. The clothing bunched up over his knees prevents him from spreading his legs even further, just another lewd reminder of their impatience. He looks back over his shoulder, shuddering at the sight behind him. Tony looks powerful like this, still dressed with his pants undone and pushed down just enough for his erection to be freed, pumping himself slowly with one lubed up hand while the other takes Steve apart. His pupils blown are out in the darkness, brow drawn together in concentration with just a few strands of hair finding their way down over his forehead. The implications of their current positions are filthy and a complete and utter turn-on.
Janet shakes her head and sits back in her seat to try and calm herself before continuing. “As I’m sure you’re well aware, despite never
the two men are in suits, the woman in her own matching blazer and pencil skirt.
“Tony? Tooonyyyyy…” Comes a voice from downstairs.
Tony doesn’t stick around to find out what she means by that.
“Of course she is,” Tony shakes his head. “I’m starting to think that bastard is
. It’s why I have to make such a playboy image of myself so people won’t suspect anything.”
Tony always loves making a big deal about birthdays. Personally, Steve thinks he just likes to have an occasion to tease him about how old he’s getting, even if he always insists that’s not the case. The extravagance in his gift-giving seems to come and go in waves. Some years he just buys Steve film for his cameras or sketching pencils. Sometimes the gifts are handmade, fun, little, mechanical inventions that Steve knows are one-of-a-kind… And sometimes he buys him, well, a house.
about the place he’s living. According to his logic, Tony’s already going into this deal with his feet dragging trenches in the earth, so they need to add in as many positive factors as possible. A healthy space motivates a healthy mind, or some shit.
“I knew there was a reason I trust her judgement,” Tony replies dryly.
They walk down to some nearby docks, finding a bench to sit on to watch the sunset. The water laps gently against the posts below them, a few birds hopping along and cocking their heads in interest at Steve and Tony before flitting away when they realize there’s no crumbs to be had here. Tony presses himself in close to Steve, the man looping an arm around his shoulders to keep him close and warm. He clasps Steve free hand between both of his, closing his eyes to just enjoy the peace and quiet.
There's no dialogue exchanged as they drive to the diner. Steve has sort of become accustomed to this with Tony, and it’s actually a nice break from the forced small talk Steve normally has to endure with most people.
Steve doesn’t bother to answer Tony’s question as he’s fairly sure it’s rhetorical considering Tony is probably used to owning many, many things that are purely for aesthetics rather than functionality. “Water,” he points out instead. “Drink it.”
"Table cloth is custom made," Tony whispers, somehow reading Steve's mind as he takes his seat.
“Tony, I think you’re the best pitcher
in bed, am I right?”
Thor quickly chimes in with his experience with his and Jane’s two girls, and before Steve knows it he’s caught in the middle of a conversation he has absolutely no input on. He tunes out most of it, smiling down at the little boy in his arms, gurgling and squirming, occasionally tugging on Steve’s finger or reaching up to pick at one of the shiny buttons on his shirt. Steve has never been in a position of his life where he really fell on one side or the other of whether or not he wanted children.
Tony glances up at him. He looks sincere when he says it, Maria a sympathetic partner beside him, nodding her sentiment. “Aren’t you curious?” He asks, both of them exchanging confused glances. Tony looks down again. “Neither of you have asked me if it’s true or not.”
Tony grins at him as he opens the door right next to Steve’s, taking his baseball cap off the hook and placing it atop his head to complete the look. “But it’s so much fun! How do I look?” He holds his arms out and does a little spin.
Tony narrows his eyes. "What's the catch? Excuse my pun."
“Please, darling, did you really think I hadn’t figured it out by now?” Peggy deadpans, seating herself on the edge of Tony’s bed while Steve sheepishly pulls one of the chairs back up and rests a hand on Tony’s thigh while he eats. “You two have my blessing of course, even though Steve
“How long ago was that? A decade?” Tony snorts.
can be out until ungodly hours getting absolutely trashed,” Tony replies smugly as they get off the elevator. Steve helps him cart all his belongings down the long hallway, Tony victoriously being the one to unlock the door first. He concedes one of the two keys over to Steve, only because he knows he’ll probably lose his own.
Ty’s expression is unreadable, which is unsettling in itself. The man is
None of the pictures are able to capture Steve’s identity. He’s mostly got his back to the camera in the shots, face shrouded by his outerwear or Tony’s face blocking it as they kiss. And to think Tony always made fun of Steve’s idea of a “disguise” when going out, Tony not doing the same because he hadn’t expected to see anyone when walking Steve to his car, or do such an impulsive thing.
“No, darling, leave that be,” hands cover his own and gently lower it back to his own lap. He blinks up at her, seeing the familiar face of his aunt swirl into his vision. Everything looks soft and floaty, like he’s staring at an underwater painting with the edges all bleeding into each other and shifting around with shimmering bursts of light twinkling here and there. “Doctor? Nurse?” She looks between Tony and the door, torn. “I need a doctor in here! Please!”
Tony doesn’t remember if they make it to the Craps table at all, the rest of the night turning into an indistinct blur once they leave victorious from Roulette. He can almost recall Lana’s voice asking if he’s okay, Steve’s hands locked around his upper arms, a weightlessness with dangling legs and a warm mass pressed against his front, the sound of running water.
that you don’t have to deal with me anymore!”
Steve walks into the stadium, greeting a couple of the other players who had the same idea he had to come back a little early and make sure they’re not too out of shape before Natasha pummels them back into what she deems acceptable. There’s a lot of new faces now. Steve blocks out the feeling of sadness as he’s greeted by his teammates, old and new, who all have that same moment of recognition in their eyes.
“Yeah. Do you feel any better?”
He takes the elevator up to where Janet and Nat’s offices are, peeking into Natasha’s first just to see if she’s around and could maybe give him some insight on whatever it is the manager wants with him today. Her door to the office is open, but the room is devoid of any fiery redheads. Everything is organized including the stacks of files laying out on her desk. He can see some headshots paperclipped to the outside of the folders
“That could just inflame it further, we can’t risk that at this point.”
Deciding against leaving Tony out here to fend for himself in case he pukes again in his sleep or wakes up completely confused as to where he is, Steve grabs a sketch pad and makes himself comfortable in one of his chairs by the window. He doodles randomly for a few minutes before he realizes more often than not, he finds his gaze wandering over to the snoozing, hungover pitcher on his couch. He’s shifted a little bit in his sleep, sort of curled up on one side with his face turned outwards now rather than mashed into the cushions.
“We need to deal with this immediately,” Hill says with cold reserve, quickly recovering from the sudden bout of destruction. His phone rings on the table and she’s quick to scoop it up and end the call. “There’s no getting around the story now, but we may be able to salvage things.”
"This is Howard Stark—"
As soon as Tony knew he was going to be joining the Knights, he immediately started doing his research, managing to convince Hill and Coulson to send him all their player files. He knew about Sam Wilson, Steve’s friend who used to play for the Avengers, and there were only one or two other players he recognized from the Triple-A League. The biggest shock was finding Tiberius Stone’s name slated on the list.
“I think this thing is out of batteries, I swear I can’t change it—”
The song comes to an end and Steve allows Natasha to get pulled away so she and Bucky can cut their cake, making his way around the room to rejoin Tony who’s sitting at a table with some of their former Avengers. He easily slides an arm around the back of Tony’s chair, placing his other in Tony’s hand on the table, resting palm up with fingers twitching in silent request. He laces their fingers together, falling into the conversation on taking bets as to who will be retiring next.
That isn’t necessarily true. It takes two to tango, so to speak. Sure, in this situation it’s mostly going to depend on Tony's skill, but a pitch is just a question waiting for the answer from the swing of a bat. It’s a relationship, and if Tony’s going to be successful on this bet he had going with Natasha, he’s going to have to understand both sides.
“Then you won’t mind if I work you hard later, hm?” Tony looks at her so sensually that even Steve flushes. If he was a woman who was even marginally attracted to Tony, he isn’t sure how he’d be able to resist that kind of charm directed right at him.
you want to make things right?” he asks, a biting ferocity sharpening his tone. “After you forced me away and refused to speak to me for the past three years?”
Peter looks at him with wide eyes, nodding so vigorously he’s scared the kid’s head might fall right off. “Yes, Mr. Stark! Thank you for the advice!” He chirps, still beaming as he passes Steve on his way out. “Bye, Captain! See you soon.”
The All-Star Game is allowed to have an overtime inning, but it never goes longer than ten innings total. They have one inning, one shot to win this, or else they are going to walk away with a tie, which might just cause riots in the street at this point.
. I just happen to have some better methods than your average reporter," she giggles again.
Pierce seems unphased by Tony’s crass attitude. He neatly folds the crisp piece of paper in half and sets it down on Janet’s desk. “You might not be, but I believe your team is. Obviously there is nothing left for us to say to try and convince you so I won’t waste my breath.” He makes a signal with his hand and Coulson and Hill stand as well. “It was a pleasure to finally meet you, Mr. Stark.”
Tony changes into his away game Avengers uniform, a temporary patch sewn onto the shoulder indicating the All-Star Logo, also emblazoned on the black cap pulled down onto his head. Each player would be wearing their respective team’s uniforms, the visiting International League in their gray road uniforms, while the home team of the Pacifics adorn their white attire.
“You’re not dragging me anywhere,” Steve insists. “I want to be there with you. I hate this feeling that you’re dealing with this all by yourself. It’s not
After some time splashing his face with cold water and crying into the sink, Steve returns to Tony’s room. Doctor Hallstatt is gone now, leaving just Peggy, still holding Tony’s hand with her head resting on the bed, shoulders visibly heaving with sobs. Steve wordlessly pulls a chair up next to her and rubs her back until her crying eventually ceases.
The maintenance guy glances up from his tools, frowning. "I don't think I'm supposed to let anyone in..."
“I’m getting sold to the Majors,” Tony blurts out in a rush.
“I don’t have to be... back until morning,” Steve is already breathless, head thrown back against the pillow as his back arches up to Tony. Discovering how sensitive the man’s chest is has been one of the more thrilling aspects of them learning how each other’s bodies work, Tony taking full advantage of it when dragging out the foreplay until he can get Steve writhing. “The team is… staying on Ohio for the night… since we play in Indianapolis the next day—”
One path to Peggy. One path to Tony.
. You are Iron Man, you’ve made that clear. I’m not always Captain America. I’m not the guy you think I am.”
Steve pulls into another shabby motel just on the right side of California and Tony decides not to argue, even though they could easily drive through the night and hit Los Angeles before the sun. He’s not against drawing this out for another day.  Another week. Month. For as long as Steve feels like it.
So many different versions. You’re not always
“And the Tesseract?”
of you, Steve,” she says.  Her hand is warm, the way the sun is warm, when she presses it against his cheek.  She looks back at the battle, then at Tony, and exhales deeply. The entire world feels sad, just for a moment. “And Mr. Stark. All of you. I’m so very proud.”
The hands on him retreat but the man stays, he says, “You’re alright now. No shame in it. We all get overwhelmed from time to time, don’t we?”
“What do you want?” the other Steve says. He’s still angry, but now he sounds as tired as he looks.
beautiful, and awesome, using the strictest definition of the word, but Tony is watching Steve look at it instead of looking at it directly. He’s seen it before. And he’s wondering if Steve would like it better from the air.  If they could do that thing they do sometimes, where Steve presses up against him and Iron Man gets to wrap an arm around him and they go. And Steve trusts Tony will never to drop him.
“Good,” Tony says, and looks away. “That’s good.”
“You want that, but I don’t anymore,” Steve takes a breath and when he speaks again his voice isn’t as strong. He gestures vaguely back towards the city, “I want to be here, in 2012, with them. I can help them. I can make right what we’ve done to this timeline.”
, Jarvis.”
When he looks up it’s not a soldier, or Mrs. McCarthy, or Joe. The figure shimmers once more, gold and silver against the blue sky and all the universe behind it. It kneels next to Steve, their knees almost touching, and there’s no storm inside him. Everything is soft and peaceful and full of joy.
And then they were off.
The sound of footsteps approaching alerted him to an oncoming presence. He checked his clock and smiled wryly. It was time for Pepper’s visit. It was about time. The contracts he should have had signed last night were still in the exact place the red head had left them.
The pair of them made for a striking image. The two glided around the dining room, the sound of Tony’s laughter bouncing off the walls as Steve attempted and failed to avoid stepping onto the genius’ feet. There was something to be said about Captain America being able to go undetected during a mission but unable to smoothly dance.
Being a teammate.
Peter gasped, his face lighting up to such a degree that Tony struggled to not fall into fits of laughter. The toddler politely removed Steve’s hand from his hair, sending his famous grin up toward the blond before toddling across the deck as fast as he could.
“Maybe we. Could nap together?”
“Tony.” The sound of that deepened voice caused every hair on the billionaire’s arm to stand. That most certainly was
He frowned in confusion.
He had lived the past fifteen years grieving a man he wouldn’t see again. But yet, Steve stood on the other side of this opening.
It wasn’t until the dishes were cleared and Steve had ushered them out the door and into the back of an unmarked car that Tony found himself reconsidering his decision to stay quiet... After all, who’s to say Steve wasn’t currently inhabited by a skrull and luring the brunet into a false sense of comfort via bacon and eggs galore?
“Tony.” The brunet glanced up at the sound of Steve’s voice. The blond lightly tugged on his hand, jerking his head to the right in the universal motion of
Which Tony knew too well.
“I-I’m not asking you–“
Together.
The thought of Tony in space alone caused tears to brim his eyes. It was no secret that Tony wasn’t keen on flying into space. Tony was just, well,
“Can’t recall the last time someone was that pleased to see me,” Tony spluttered, cutting himself off as limbs began to tangle with his very own.
Enough to save a life. Not just any life, no. Steve’s life.
“Do you have any gum? Mints?” Steve turned towards a disapproving Rhodey. The Colonel’s frown slowly faded into one of knowing. Despite this, he began searching his pockets before pulling out a generic-looking peppermint.
He rocked back on his heels, his heart pounding as he anxiously rubbed his palms against his thighs. Breathe, he mentally told himself. Inhale. Hold it. Exhale. Repeat.
“I never wanted to hurt you.” Steve’s voice broke, his shoulders hunching in. “Not you.”
“Maybe showing you is better.” Steve’s pinched look returned, his fingers beginning to deftly unfasten his buttoned shirt. “I wouldn’t want any confusion.”
“You’ve always had the ability to accomplish anything.”
That’s how long it had been since the snap. Steve huffed at the name. The
Steve’s face fell.
He hoped Steve was none the wiser.
“Don’t do that,” Rhodey frowned, his gaze softening, “That’s not what I meant. And you know it. I’m always here for you. That won’t change. I’m just saying the dude should know better than to allow there to be a next time.”
The sound of that voice stilled him, his breath hitching ever so slightly. His eyes widened in shock as they glanced up and locked gazes with those all too familiar baby blues. Steve’s face was painted in pure unadulterated joy, the bush on his face ever so slightly hiding his upturned mouth. Tony noticed the facial hair just as the heart monitor machine starting going wild.
Tony shook his head, his body shaking even in the Wakandan heat. He gently pressed his head against Steve’s shoulder and breathed in. Irish spring soap. Sweat. Musk. Leather. Steve. He exhaled. The Captain swallowed and nodded jerkily, his hands slipping down to press into Tony’s waist in what seemed to be in an attempt to try and access the damage by touch. Tony guessed Steve seemed to understand he wasn’t in the mood to be pushed around, even if it meant going to medical. Which, Steve was probably right. Go figure.
“The deep emotional ‘we can do it, yes we can’ speech?” Tony frowned, raising a brow as Steve rolled his eyes.
“Selfish?” Tony squared his shoulders, raising his hand to jab a finger at Steve. “
But he knew it was out of the picture. He couldn’t abandon his home, even if it were a home without Steve. He had others who relied on him, who needed him, and he needed them, too. And he couldn’t let them down.
“Blah blah blah.” Tony cut the AI off. “You know what I mean. Plug in the mic, will ya? I wanna talk to my favorite boys.”
mouth. Just the taste.
“Our Steve has kindly taken to keeping out of sight.” Tony continued, keeping his voice carefully measured. “You’re from a different time, aren’t you?”
The child began to eagerly babble, slapping his bare hands against the counter as he did so. Tony internally winced, already beginning to make a mental note to wipe the counters off with wipes at some later time.
But it didn’t explain the tingling sensation curling around Tony’s wrist.
Steve laughed out loud, his face breaking out into a smile as he leaned down to meet Tony halfway. Their lips met, connecting in a way that sent a rush up the brunet’s spine. Their oxygen mingled as their hands clutched at each other, Steve’s hand dropping from Tony’s waist in order to slide under Tony’s shirt and grip at the bare skin of his back.
“I insist on paying, buddy,” Tony smiles and pulls a wad of hundreds out of his pocket, sliding it into the man’s pocket. “I’ll start with some gin and tonics and you can keep them coming. Steve?”
“You know, I would be offended by that comment, but considering I could easily buy out most of the casinos here, and I’m getting judgement on my fashion choices from a guy who was about to wear a
No one is able to react quickly enough to stop Tony from lunging forward to shut Hammer up. He may have been able to accept the prick’s insults earlier in the week, but he’s had enough to drink by this point that any concerns for repercussions were out the window.
Tony smirks over at him, his hood pulled back up onto his head. “Aw, you worried about me, Rogers? I can take care of myself, y’know.”
Steve sighs. “You know what I mean.”
The house isn’t extravagantly large by any means, big enough for the two of them to be comfortable and host small to large groups of friends without anything getting out of hand. Tony had a wall knocked out upstairs to expand the master bedroom, leaving two more guest bedrooms up on the second floor. They painted the walls together, shopped for furniture and hung pictures together-- argued over where said furniture would sit and said pictures would hang. The house is mostly filled with Steve’s photographs, whether they’re blown up to large sized prints, polaroids collaged together, or single photos framed and sitting on any available surface. It’s a home full of memories, Tony’s penchant for bland and trendy minimalist decoration long forgotten and replaced with something much warmer.
Steve lets that settle in over the silence. “Buck… you could’ve… You could’ve--”
Peggy presses her lips together. "I know you much better than Chester. That was my call," she admits softly. "And before you try to make me out to be a villain in this situation, can you honestly look me in the eye and tell me my assumption was wrong?"
“So, what? You just close yourself off even more? Get rid of me and all your friends and drown your sorrows in booze and anger at the world for not being accepting enough?” Steve is angry now, any kind of sadness quickly pusher aside. “You can’t just turn me away after all we’ve been through together—”
The batter swings, the ball goes flying to the left, and Tony is gone. He’s already made contact with the base before the ball crests further than desired, landing just outside the foul lines. A groan echoes from the crowd and Tony jogs back over to first base.
Howard’s eyes are a bit glassed over as he follows Steve’s gaze, his brow furrowing for a moment before it smooths out again. “Ah, right. That one is for Tony. If he can ever earn it,” the man grunted.
“Damn it,” Steve huffs under his breath, wiping a little sweat off his brow. He needs to focus. Don’t worry about Bucky.
“Oh, Steve!” she exhales in relief, immediately wrapping her arms around him in a hug. She’s practically shaking in his arms and he doesn’t release her after she pulls out of the hug, leaving a steadying hand on her elbow. “They said he’s still in surgery— do you know what happened? How long have you been here?”
Steve hangs all their wet clothes and goes to their lockers. Tony doesn’t have a spare set of clothes in his, but luckily Steve came prepared. He changes into his own clothes before pulling out a set of sweats for Tony as well. He leaves them folded and sitting on one of the shelves in the showers, quickly checking to make sure Tony is still standing.
“Yeah, but Tony’s done really well tonight. Almost all strikes and spares,” Steve points out.
Energy renewed, the International League starts playing like an entirely new team. The PCL hasn’t given up quite yet, but they’ve gotten careless with their lead. Their pitcher gives away a walk to start, and from there, it’s just a matter of a couple more IL players hitting premeditated singles, the need to just get players
Bucky pats him on the arm and salutes to Erskine before dodging past him to get to the tunnel leading out to the field. The two of them watch him go with a conjoined sigh, Erskine throwing his hands up. “If the kid wants to throw his career away, then I have no choice but to let him.”
“I tried my damnedest to get him on the Yankees, but he was set on spending at least another season in the Minors,” Tony smiles, nudging him with his shoulder. “Too bad he’s so good that there’s no way the Majors can look him over now.”
When California is mentioned, almost everyone (with varying degrees of subtlety) glances Tony’s way. Would they be up against the Irons? Steve doesn't know the exact details yet, and it's entirely possible that they’d have to go against Tony’s home team. Steve is standing behind Tony, so he can’t see his expression, but the man looks unnaturally still.
"See ya there," Bucky waves.
"I'm going to head back to the apartment for a few, but I'll catch up with you guys there," Steve replies, tossing his balled up towel into the bin on the other side of the locker room.
They people watch for a bit, just sitting together, hands linked, watching all their friends make fools of themselves on the dance floor. Steve keeps finding his gaze drawn back to Tony though, softening at the wrinkles that crease around the corners of his eyes when he smiles, his slightly pointed canines appearing when he laughs, the little smattering of freckles across his nose that are almost easy to miss.
Once the news broke that Steve would be leaving the Stars’ and was searching for a Triple-A Team to take him, Peggy had pulled some strings with a team she thought was a good fit for Steve. It kept him fairly local, moving from Brooklyn to Manhattan to play for The Avengers.
”, so to speak. But with the sounds that come pouring out of Tony every time they have sex, he has gotten a little curious about what the big deal is. Tony wasted no time in introducing him to a gland in his body that he didn’t even know existed for anything pleasure related, and on more than one occasion has shown him just how pleasurable it can be when he gets his talented fingers and mouth involved.
. Now you apologize right now for how you’ve acted tonight— Actually, you should apologize for the last
“Tony, they’re just here to help,” Steve chides gently, placing a hand on his shoulder.
The interior of the house continues to look exactly how one would expect a California mansion to look, with the addition of beautiful art pieces
He leaves no room for argument, and as of cued by the pause, a doctor opens the door and comes in. “Afternoon, Mr. Barnes. The results of your last consultation are in.” His eyes dart over to Steve who quickly stands up to leave.
The International League has lost their gusto by the seventh inning, only able to get players on first and second before their third out is called, leaving their score unmoved at a whopping
“Yeah?” Steve’s voice sounds loud and clear. He must be facing Tony as well.
, even if it feels true in the moment. They make no motion to get up, even after both of them have caught their breath. Tony basks in the lingering feeling of togetherness, listening to the steady crest and fall of Steve’s breathing next to him intermingle with the wind rustling the tall grass in the fields below. He opens his eyes as the quiet stretches on, rolling over again until he’s on top of Steve. The man grunts slightly underneath him, blinking his eyes open slowly as if he had started to doze off.
Now that it’s just the two of them, Natasha allows herself to slump down into her chair. He’s never seen her look quite this exhausted, even when she had to cut three players in ’88 due to non-recoverable injuries. Her office is currently a mess, which is out of character for the woman. Normally every piece of paperwork is neatly stacked and filed, but the room is a disaster of open folders and sticky notes.
"Natasha," Steve grabs their coach's attention as she checks to make sure all of their gear gets on the bus. "Where's Tony?"
Steve is breathless, the rest of the world fading away as he locks his eyes on Tony and only Tony. “What I should’ve done six years ago,” he answers before pulling Tony against him, their mouths melding against one another’s in long-awaited reconciliation.
“Some things never change,” Tony replies good-naturedly. When Steve raises his head once more, Tony is smiling at him, a hint of warmth sparking in his eyes.
“Don’t be so stubborn!” Tony snaps, turning to Natasha for help. “Tell him, Coach.”
of us see him.”
Rogers scoffs, shaking his head. He’s still watching Tony, but doesn’t seem as observant as he looks back to his pitcher who’s taking his time before his next wind up. “So we’ve moved on to shit-talking now? Am I allowed to point out that your batter can’t hit a ball if it was tossed to him from three feet away?”
(See the end of the chapter for
doing and are incredible at, so how is this any different?”
“Then I guess I’m no one special.”
Tony still looks skeptical as he gives Steve a once-over, leaning casually against his door frame. “Did you run all the way here?”
I can’t
The glass door to the balcony slides open, Bucky and Natasha coming inside and smiling when they see Steve. “Was wondering when the birthday boy was going to show up!” He throws an arm around him, Steve always happy to see his bad arm do something with such ease now. “You have a good weekend?”
Tiberius’ family owned a smaller manufacturing company that had been partnered with Stark Industries when they were kids, eventually being bought out and absorbed fully into the SI brand. They had a good relationship with the Stones, both their parents close friends and Tony and Tiberius being very close in age. One of the last boarding schools Tony had gone to only allowed him admission because of the Stones’ pull as donors and Tiberius being a star pupil. Despite Tony being a few years younger than him, they had struck up a friendly rivalry at the time, constantly fighting for top marks in their class— and once they got old enough to care about that sort of thing— attention from girls. Their paths had split once Tony went off to MIT and Ty went to business school, also becoming a star pitcher on the university’s baseball team. He was scouted immediately for the Majors out of college, always jokingly promising Howard over their dual family vacations to the villa in Florence that if he ever had to step down down he would play for the Irons.
This world’s Steve Rogers.
Volunteering at local hospitals.
Steve nodded jerkily, rising to his feet with a groan. The blond made for an intimidating image, even if his expression spoke of exhaustion and defeat. None of that mattered. Especially as his lips pressed into a firm line, his hand reaching into his pocket to pull out the object at question.
The billionaire didn’t have to glance up to be aware of the amused faces around him. That, and, well, Peter was adorable. Everything seemed much funnier when said by someone barely three feet tall. His brown eyes flickered towards the stove top, rolling his eyes at the silent shaking of Steve’s shoulders.
Steve muttered something under his breath and pinched his nose before swatting Bucky’s head.
“Well, on the bright side,” Rhodey laughed, the skin around his eyes crinkling in mirth, “Your prognosis is in. Seems like you’ll live.”
“I really don’t.” Steve admitted.
The brunet could feel the obvious answer on the tip of his tongue. He wanted to plaster it across the tallest tower and paint it on the rooftop of the Avengers Compound. Saying
Tony tasted like coffee and blueberries. It was a combination that Steve wouldn’t ever be allowed to forget. The blond’s tongue chased after the bittersweet sugary flavor left from the fruit, believing he had never experienced something as great as this.
That... that most certainly was not what Tony was expecting to come from Steve’s mouth. His thoughts raced, recalling the intense meeting as the team gathered in the lab.
He glanced to the side.
The brunet tilted his head up invitingly, the lower half of himself melting against Steve’s torso. The blond’s eyes traced over Tony’s face, his eyes beginning to twinkle mischievously.
Tony heard the kitchen grow silent, their conversations dimming as they watched Steve’s movement. The sound of their eating only halted for a split second before abruptly picking back up. If Tony guessed, he’d say either Rhodey or Natasha had sent them warning glances.
Tony’s eyes stung. There had been so many times in which he had hoped to hear Steve admit defeat. To admit his wrongs. But now? It was too late. Even Steve had said so.
Which is more than Tony could say about his own first hand experienced with the alien. He had won, too. But with his own win came great loss. And Tony still struggled with falling into the mindset that Steve’s death helped save the world.
Things were going well for them. The world had so many new heroes now; they didn’t need the Avengers to drop everything every time a new villain emerged.
Tony turned away, an amused smile tugging at his lips.
“Rogers.” Tony spoke daringly.
“You’re alive.” Tony spoke quietly. His tone was choked, obviously fighting back emotions. “I-I couldn’t taste anything.
Silence.
And then nodded.
Steve nodded jerkily, his arms falling to his side as he stiffly made his way towards the fridge. Tony watched from his position in the kitchen, his eyes sadly trailing over the blond’s frame as he leaned into the fridge to inspect its contents.
of all people. Hell, it’s not that he even hated the guy, it’s just.. Tony had much more important things to worry about than Steve.
That meant–
Their laughter mixed together as Steve teasingly nipped at the skin of his waist. He teasingly ran his tongue down Tony’s side, causing goosebumps to arouse down the engineer’s lower half. Steve offered a harsher nip, grinning into his skin as Tony yelped indignantly. The blonde haired devil didn’t waste a second to surge upwards and flop across his chest. Tony remembered having the breath knocked out of him as Steve all but cackled in delight. Their laughter bounced off the walls of the room. Their room, at the time. Except, it was Tony’s room now. He didn’t quite like the sound of that. He shuddered at the thought alone.
But nothing happened.
“Of course, sir. One moment.” Friday replied, the screen clearing before enlarging the once smaller image of the kitchen. Tony swung his legs off his desk, learning forward in order to be at a more comfortable level with the screen.
“I see no other option.” Tony admitted, fearing the vulnerability. He didn’t want Steve to catch onto his reveal. He worried the blond would take it as meaning that maybe someone else
Steve hadn’t ate much either. He refused. Food overwhelmed his taste buds and prevented him from being able to sense anything from Tony’s end. He did, however, allow himself water, which was safe because it left little to no taste.
Steve needed another chance to manage the mess they’d found themselves in. He would never forgive himself if Tony died thinking Steve wasn’t sorry. He needed to make sure Tony knew that Steve would do whatever it took to make things right. And the only way that would be possible was if they brought him home.
“Uh....” A high pitched voice rang out, the tone being that of exasperation. “A wittle help pwease?”
But unlike the mad titan’s lost attempt, Steve’s wasn’t for naught. The reaction began gradually; the battlefield slowly becoming less occupied at a snail like pace. It was the kind of movement that may have went unnoticed unless you knew what to look for.
“What, Spangles?” Tony tried to shove his feelings back down. “We’re good? Let’s not make this any harder.”
His eyes flickered around the room, thankful for its emptiness for once. He would need time to process the past few days. And a good long shower before climbing into his bed.
“Stabbed?” Rhodey sounded alarmed, “With what–“
His older, 15 years older Steve, with gray in his hair, is there, snoozing next to him. It catches him off guard. Tony’s usually great about saving face, but he can’t help the noise that comes out of his mouth. Steve woke up slowly, groaning, before he rolled over to Tony’s side of the bed. His broad form plastered to Tony’s bare back, practically squishing him.
Tony grinned knowingly to himself. Steve was a sucker for making homemade pancakes, and Peter often requested chocolate ones. The two often tried to limit the toddler’s sugar intake, thus using dark chocolate as a healthier alternative.
Steve shrugged and sent Tony a meaningful look. His blue eyes flickered down the length of Tony’s torso before trailing back up. The glance was slow and measured, not a bit of shame swimming in those familiar blue eyes. It didn’t help that he bravely met Tony’s gaze head on.
The blond sent Hulk a thankful smile before stepping up and into the middle of the platform. He paused once he was in the middle, allowing himself to survey the small crowd that had gathered to see him off.
The blond took three long strides toward the door, his hand reaching out to tug it open. A brunet head popped around the corner, the beaming face of one Peter Stark-Rogers peering up at the two.
She quirked her lips, a knowing smile tugging at the corner of her mouth before offering her fist, nodding towards it. Tony cautiously closed his own into a fist, his face lighting up in realization as she butted her own against his.
Utter silence.
The pain had become a manageable ache. It was something Tony found himself being able to actually deal with it. It didn’t help that, well, he was submerged in wrapping up projects and finalizing new deals. The brunet hadn’t found himself signing so many contracts since, well, he privatized Iron Man.
“Sir.” Friday spoke, her voice managing to sound apologetic. “The Captain wishes to inform you of your nearing time limit. Fifteen minutes, and counting, in his words.”
