Last week, when he woke up at Gabriel's for what seemed like the hundredth time, his brother was sitting at the end of the guest bed studying him. He looked exhausted...maybe even defeated. Cas knew his cycle of hitting rock bottom over and over was exasperating, and Gabriel's words from that morning had stayed at the forefront of his mind since:
"Castiel?" Jack's greeting was a surprised, questioning whisper as he knelt down and put his hand gently on Cas's back.
Dean found this to be immediately funny. He started laughing as he attempted to sit up, grabbing Castiel around the waist and, as gently as he could in his ungraceful state, adjusting them both into a cockeyed, seated position.
“I’ll only kiss you when...I get the real Cas back. This Cas.” He leaned in again, and this time he was rewarded with a kiss from the softest, fullest lips he had ever felt. Dean groaned as he slipped his tongue between them, searching for reciprocation. Cas responded eagerly, pushing Dean back onto Baby’s hood.
"How about you two? Dean, I thought you were bringing Lisa and Ben up with you? Actually thought we were gonna have a double engagement celebration?"
"Don't what me, Dean. You haven't had such a dreamy look on your face for years. Are you and Lisa finally taking the next step?"
“A little too long.” Dean let the silence fill the air between them for a second before it became unbearably awkward. “Should we...go and plant those flowers while we wait for Sam?” He smiled at Cas, trying to divert the conversation.
Cas took the phone and noticed a missed call from a familiar number; it was Naomi’s number. And there was a voicemail.
"Yeah. It's why she left, actually. She said she couldn't do it anymore. She couldn't live the lie, even though she tried for so long."
“You are." Gabriel kissed his boyfriend's cheek as the took their seats and fell in to silence, both knowing they would need to address the elephant in the room at some point. Gabriel's head hurt to think about it.
Dean went down hard and fast. One minute he looked like a five-year-old on Christmas morning and then suddenly he was on the floor, dry heaving and crawling to the bathroom.
Lisa asked Dean on multiple occasions what the problem was, and why he never wanted to sleep with her, but he always shut down when she tried to start a conversation about it, so she was forced to live in emotional agony, wondering if it had something to do with her and not knowing how to fix it.
Dean rolled his head up and attempted to focus on Castiel so he could pass back the cigar, but he could barely move his arms. For a moment he panicked, but Castiel reached over to steady him.
Cas stared at the steering wheel, intent on joining Dean in the sunshine momentarily to plant the flowers. But he just needed another minute.
It was always hard to tell what time it was in the bunker. When Cas opened his eyes sleepily after what seemed like mere minutes, he first checked to make sure that Dean was still next to him before looking over at the clock, which read 6:30pm. His heart sank a little - they had slept the entire day away. But when he glanced back at Dean again, sleeping more peacefully than Cas had ever seen before, he knew it's what they needed.
Prepare for some angst, homophobia, references to depression, mild violence, bullying and panic attacks.
“He’s not acting the way that I thought he would, after hearing his prayers...” Cas trailed off. He was so confused.
Three sharp knocks and the door was opened by the most attractive man that Castiel had ever seen. He was tall and broad shouldered with sandy brown hair and shocking green eyes.
Dean had almost forgotten for a second that there were other people present. He had focused all of his attention on his conversation with Castiel and it had felt as though they were alone in the universe while they were together. He closed his eyes and allowed his head to rest back on the wall again, breathing in the perfume and warmth of the room. He drew a knee up and rested his hand there, swimming in thoughts of this night and how much he was already at peace here - he felt so at home, and nothing else mattered.
The drive to the motel was silent. It was still early in the day, and Cas was wondering what they would do until five. They sure as hell weren't going to take part in any more family reunions.
"Hey!" Gabriel strode out of the house towards them, ready to break up whatever kind of fight he was witnessing, several bags under his arm. "Get away from him, Raph."
“Maybe if I get to know you better, Cas, I can tell you the whole story. But tonight isn’t the night. I am honestly extremely happy that you ended up in my driveway though,” he said, and immediately hated himself.
Cas made eye contact with Dean, biting his lip and holding back his own tears. But he couldn't say anything. No words would come out.
Dean and Sam got a quick tour and a rundown of updates of the cabin and threw their bags in the bunk room at the top of the stairs. Dean started to sense that John hadn't been living here alone somehow, but he didn't bring it up. Not yet. He figured the opportunity to ask would come up at some point.
“Yeah.” He watched Dean smile contentedly and was happy the conversation had diverted to happier things.
"No, I've got him. I'm a doctor though, if he does end up needing medical attention. This happens...a lot." Gabriel gave the officer a sullen nod before escorting his little brother out to the car, where he sat him in the passenger seat.
“Fuck, Cas,” he whispered into his mouth, rutting against him, thinking maybe he should stop now. But when he pulled away, Cas pulled him back in forcefully, putting a strong hand around Dean’s neck and searching to continue their rough kiss.
“Um - Dean? My boss called you back. Can I listen to the voicemail? Sorry, I didn’t mean to see it, I just…”
"Well…?" Sam figured this was a good portal into the conversation he wanted to have, even if it was a little awkward at first.
"You must be Cas?" The grizzly man stood up and extended his hand, shaking Cas's hand heartily. "Ben hasn't stopped talking about you. Seems you made an impression. I'm Bobby. Dean's...surrogate father of sorts."
"Yeah. I think you should", Sam said matter of factly. "But...why did you wait until now to tell him that you aren't staying?"
He forced his eyes open again, and Cas’s eyes glowed a brilliant blue above him, just as Dean had seen at the art studio a lifetime ago. Then Cas started to speak faster, and another surprising jolt traveled through Dean’s body again, although less painfully this time. Nevertheless, Dean felt his strength returning and he started trying to push Cas away from him. But he realized then how much strength this man possessed. A struggle was useless, and so he settled back, letting tears fall from the corners of his tired eyes, breathing heavily.
Ultimately, it was a relief for both of them to end it, but that didn’t make it easy. They both loved Ben. And they loved each other, too, but staying together wasn't the answer. They both needed more than companionship and they knew it.
"Dean, I - I couldn't possibly live up to what you've done for this family. I'm not...I'm not as gifted as you are. I wouldn't know what to do…"
Dean knew how it felt to have dark, unavoidable moments like that. He knew that it wasn't good to be by yourself when it happened, either. He wondered if Cas had someone to go home to, but sensed that he didn't...that he was alone. He turned the engine off to the Impala after pulling back into the garage, and quickly walked into the house.
The innkeeper in the small town where Dean was headed knew immediately that something was amiss when a well bred black mare trotted past the door, her rider hanging half off the saddle. The innkeeper identified the rider immediately as the elder Winchester brother by the family crest emblazoned on the saddle and the finery he was dressed in. He went to work immediately to untangle Dean from his restraints, and quickly realized that Dean was badly injured.
"I...was never married to Jack's dad, either. Same thing. It just didn't work out. I sure love them both, though."
“We’re all kind of his dads,” Dean said thoughtfully. He was impressed that Jack made it and suddenly just wanted to hug everybody. Cas must have been feeling the same way, because he moved to throw his arms around Sam’s waist and squeeze him tight before descending on Dean, twining his fingers in his hunter’s hair and kissing him gently.
Cas continued to be surprised by Dean's endless kindness. They had known each other a total of about an hour, and here Dean was, driving him to his employer’s home in the middle of the night so he wouldn’t lose his job. He would have to think of a way to thank this generous man. He wondered if it would be out of line to take him to lunch the next day. He decided to think it over before saying anything.
Dean liked to think he saw Castiel flush red for a moment after his comment, but it could have just been the heat in the room and the glow from the soft lighting that surrounded them.
He had already located a garden store that he wanted to go to. Now Cas just needed to get home. 15 more minutes.
Dean bit his lip to keep from laughing as he looked at Cas; his friend looked like a wet puppy – an extra cute one.
Dean smiled. He hoped Cas would like it - it wasn't covered in bumblebees like the one that had shattered all over the kitchen floor a few months before, but Dean liked the giant cartoon bee hugging a sunflower way better anyway. He had found it on Etsy - Eileen had shown him the site the night Sam helped him fill out his online business school application. His stomach did flip flops thinking about all of the changes that were happening to him right now, but he was pretty sure he loved every single one. He grinned at Cas's messy, amazing sex hair as his angel inspected the mug with an amused smile before taking a sip of the coffee.
Cas wondered if now would be a good time...he touched the cookie in his pocket, but changed his mind. He wondered if he could ask Sam's advice on strategy for this for the third time. He glanced around the familiar house, pausing in his sandwich making to appreciate it and try to make a lasting memory of it.
Cas had watched Gabriel suffer so much at the hands of their father, Chuck, because of his sexual identity in their youth that Cas bottled up the truth about his own and still hadn't healed from it. He started having panic attacks when he was thirteen, and eventually started drinking to counteract the attacks. It was a viscious cycle and at this point it would take a lot to break the habit. It was Gabriel who was always there in his darkest moments to try and help, but Cas thought that at some point Gabe would give up on him - just like Hannah was doing. He wiped a tear away as shame enveloped him for a moment. What a mess.
Silence. Dean's heart had started pounding so loudly he was sure Gabriel could hear it through the phone.
"Dean, I'm pretty sure Cas would like the bacon cheeseburger. You should order him that." Ben's statement was very confident, and Dean sent an amused, closed-mouth smile in Cas's direction, batting his eyes sarcastically.
He leaned over the vanity countertop for a moment, collecting himself. He was aware that he couldn't leave the bathroom in his current state...not with pants on that were already tight. He glanced up into the mirror and noticed a rare, happy flush in his face.
At the end of the tour, the generous beekeeper offered them a bottle of honey wine and pointed out a place that he would recommend for them to eat lunch. “I’ll let the two of you talk out here over a bottle of our wine and fall a little more in love with the place before you go,” he said, and gave them a wink as he excused himself.
He wished he could be there, at the wake. He would light Chuck's casket on fire. Or spit on it as it was lowered into the ground...or something. And he would hold Cas's hand and protect him. He was surprised to discover that Gabriel had a little brother. In fact...he didn't really know much about his friend's personal life except what had happened with his dad. Gabriel was very private about himself. They were the same in that way, and spent a lot of time during their decade of friendship trying to just forget about the heavy things when they were together. He knew that the last time Gabriel had confronted Chuck was Thanksgiving a few years back when he brought Balthazar to their family's holiday gathering and got thrown out into the snow. Now he pictured Cas there as well, and wondered how he had handled it? Did Chuck know Cas was gay? He had so many questions.
"Dean." He took Dean's hand and looked searchingly into his eyes. "You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. Ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of Hell... knowing you has changed me. You’ve taught me selflessness...compassion...and the true meaning of family and of self sacrifice. You think you're not worthy of love, but you are. You think you're broken, but you're not. You deserve happiness more than anyone I’ve ever met. I want to be that happiness for you, Dean. The happiness that you’ve never let yourself have. I want to take care of you. Because I am going to love you until my dying day. Please let me love you the way you deserve to be loved."
"Dean Winchester," he said, shaking Castiel's hand formally and clearing his throat, trying to think of what to say to salvage the conversation.
Have 2 chapters today because I can't think about this one anymore. It makes me cry a little bit. I need to put it out there.
"Let's see if they dared to give me a fortuneless cookie again this time”, he joked, trying to get Cas to crack a smile. Instead Cas looked like he might pass out. He watched intensely as Dean opened the wrapper, looking for the right moment to say what he had been wanting to say for several weeks. He was thankful that Dean had picked the right cookie - the one that he had requested special from the takeout place they ordered from the first time they had enjoyed Chinese food together. When Dean broke the cookie open, he pulled out a slip of paper with mock triumph and read it to himself.
"I...need to get some air," Dean heard himself say weakly, and he ducked away, leaving Castiel and their pile of discarded coats in front of the infinity painting in the gallery.
“What the Hell, Cas? We were supposed to meet a half an hour ago…” Dean was going to say he had been worried, but he didn’t.
When he got back to the room, Cas was curled back under the quilt. Dean handed him the water and Cas took it shyly.
"Dean Winchester. I will be waiting for you when you come home", he said breathlessly. He looked at Dean again and saw peace in his eyes. It made him warm to see that, and it brought closure to the moment that he had craved without knowing it. All he had really wanted - all that he had needed - was to see Dean happy. And to know that Dean loved him and that he was the
Dean was sure that Cas blushed this time. “I had been protecting you from the demons that invaded your dreams after I met you at the gallery. It made them angry, and they were always trying to find a weakness in my shield so that they could attack you again.”
"You've fallen in love with someone since last week? Wow, I guess my pep talk really stuck, huh?" He raised both of his eyebrows in surprise.
Cas stayed silent. He waited for some sort of emotion to hit him. Anything. But...he felt numb. He couldn't procure words. He couldn't think.
He rocked up to his house at 5:15 with Ben, and the lights were already on inside. They found Cas in the kitchen rolling some sort of dough, jamming loudly to Taylor Swift, wearing a devastating blue button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up. Ben immediately started singing along, jumping up and down and crazily belting out the lyrics to "Trouble."
“He…?” Dean’s head whipped around so fast to look at Cas that he thought he might have given himself whiplash. He looked back and forth between Cas and Lisa half a dozen times before deciding to grab Ben’s bag and bring it to his room. He was so confused right now. He needed to think.
He looked back over at Dean as he sorted through his thoughts, and he found himself smiling at the idea of Dean being that somebody. It wasn't impossible, was it? He hadn't imagined the connection between them last night, had he?
Dean pulled Cas in for a smothering hug, giving him that kiss on the top of the head that Cas loved so much.
Ben fell asleep watching Scooby-Doo at 7:30. Dinner had been well received and Cas felt completely content after they were all stuffed and happy, lounging lazily on the couch together in Dean's living room until Ben's head hit Dean's shoulder and he was out.
"It's my brother and my best friend and they're both dealing with a fuck ton of denial. I wouldn't be able to forgive myself if it ended badly."
“A woman?” When he said it, he averted his eyes in embarrassment. He had completely forgotten how to act in this extremely bizarre moment. “I’m sorry. That was rude.”
When he reached the door, he threw it open and was greeted by pouring rain. He looked out into the dark, straining to see what was in front of him, but all he could see was velvet black between curtains of rain. Where was he going to go? He couldn’t go back to heaven already - Jack had given him a gift by allowing him to come back here. But he couldn’t stay now...could he?
"I think he's in shock. It's...Cas. and our friend Gabriel. There was an accident. It sounds like maybe Cas didn't make it." His voice cracked and for a minute he thought he might pass out, too. But he couldn't- he had to be strong for Dean.
"I'm sorry," Cas said quietly, and set Dean's sandwich on the table before taking his own back to his bedroom and shutting the door, knowing he couldn't sit at the table with Dean without making things worse. It was amazing how quickly the mood in a room could change. Being human was exhausting sometimes. He ate his sandwich with a feeling of shame replacing the butterflies in his stomach, and decided to try and talk to Dean again when he finished up. He just needed a minute to collect himself and figure out what to say.
That was weird; someone must have forgotten something. He fully expected it to be Sam checking up on him and tried to muster an annoyed expression. But to his surprise, he didn’t recognize the face staring back at him when he opened the door. And the bright blue eyes that connected with his punched all the air out of his lungs.
“Whiskey. On the rocks. Please.” Cas said. Dean breathed a sigh of relief and retrieved ice and two lowball glasses from the kitchen. He could tell that Cas was watching him, and it made his hands shake. “That’s my drink of choice, too,” he said, trying to fill the silence with something -
Dean wandered over to the record player in the corner and thumbed through the record collection - some were his and some had been at the bunker when they had moved in. And although his intention was to perhaps put on something new to make the memory of this night unique, Dean settled on Led Zeppelin, wondering instead if Cas would recognize it. After placing the needle down, and hearing "Stairway to Heaven" begin playing with the familiar crackle, he wondered if he would regret the mood that he was creating by putting on this particular selection. But he held fast to his choice and wandered back over to the table, pouring another generous glass of whiskey and promptly drinking it down as quickly as the first.
“Yes. It feels so good. I'm so hard for you, Dean.” Cas panted, guiding Dean’s lingering hand into his pants, sliding it up and down the shaft of his rigid cock with the aid of the precome that was leaking from it, his head slamming back against the closed bedroom door as he rocked into Dean’s fist.
She learned that Hannah worked with Sam at her law firm, and that he was quite the co-worker. In the best way of course, because Sam was always great at whatever he did and people loved him, but he had sent a note to one of the girls he liked at the firm, Eileen, and it had somehow found its way on to the custodian’s cart. The elderly gentleman who cleaned the offices had approached Sam, hat in hand, saying he was flattered but that Sam wasn't really his type. Dean couldn't wait to bring it up with Sam on their road trip this afternoon.
Dean stumbled towards the terrace where Sam had disappeared moments before, leaning heavily against the archway that led down to the gardens. He sank down to a seated position against the nearest column and leaned his head against the cool marble, closing his eyes.
“No, I can manage. Thanks.” Dean stood up slowly and clapped a hand on Sam’s back as he sauntered past him and made his way slowly down the steps to the manicured lawn.
Cas had both of his hands woven tightly into Dean's hair, and he moaned deeply when Dean pulled him in by the lapels of his coat so their bodies were flush together. Dean's rough hands slipped shyly under Cas's shirt, and he slid his fingers over Cas's broad shoulders, applying gentle pressure along his spine. He smiled in to their kiss when goosebumps formed under his touch and Cas arched in to him, needing him and responding with enthusiasm to every kiss and every caress. Dean had never needed anything more than he needed Cas right now.
He glanced around, trying to figure out where he was. Across the wide gravel parking lot, shrouded in the darkness of the night, was a single car; the Impala. Cas's heart quickened as his eyes started darting around, looking for any sign of Dean. The windows of the Roadhouse, which was called "Jake's", were dark. He wondered if Dean was working a case here. It had to have been what...at least a week since he had been taken by The Empty? He wasn't sure.
The week after the gallery opening passed quickly, and Dean found himself too busy to engage himself in thoughts of his mysterious stranger, or his sketches, or much of anything beyond his duties at the estate. And for the first time  in as long as he could remember, he slept soundly without a single nightmare.
He saw movement in his peripheral vision and snapped his head over in its direction to find Jack standing behind the bar. Jack leaned an elbow on the bar top, studying Cas intently. He was drying a pint glass with a white bar towel as a knowing smile spread over his face.
When Dean got to Cas's room and opened the door, he was surprised to see a setup mirroring the one from the night that they had eaten on Cas's bed; the night before everything had really started romantically between them. He glanced at Cas, cautiously optimistic that this was now their ritual for apologies.
He saw Ben first when he walked into the lobby at the autobody shop. He was sitting at the front desk talking to a grizzly older gentleman in a dirty baseball cap and flannel shirt. They were both laughing and playing Checkers.
“Dean’s still my best friend,” Gabriel said. “We met in Chicago when he tended bar there and I was finishing up my residency. How do you…?” Gabriel didn’t need to finish his sentence. The realization of how Cas may know Dean suddenly set in.
He found himself at his favorite park a short time later, sitting on a bench near a fountain. The sound of the falling water calmed his nerves, and he leaned forward, hands folded on his knees, contemplating his life for the thousandth time. He needed to find a job, he knew that. He needed to continue working on Hannah - prove to her that he could be a stable, reliable father for Jack. And he needed Dean. That was new, and that part left him feeling conflicted. It was scary. He didn't know how to do relationships very well.
“CAS!” Dean stormed into the house yelling, stopping purposefully at the edge of the front entry tile and folding his arms. “CAS!”
He showed up hours early to Dean's, way too impatient to wait until four, and let himself in. He partially regretted it when he heard Dean in the shower. He rolled his eyes but did his brother the favor of indicating his presence by banging on the bathroom door. Maybe someone was in there with him.
“Sam.” Cas acknowledged him softly, moving slowly away from Dean so as not to wake him; Dean had started snoring lightly, which was a good sign that he was at peace in his dreams now.
Dean thought. He wandered back to the car, brushing the dirt off of his hands and sliding into the passenger seat before looking over at Cas.
Yep. There went Dean's resolve. He found himself smiling like an idiot and moving in for another hug. This was the warmest welcome he'd received since they had their big fight, and that was years ago. He finally felt like things were truly back to normal again.
At first his heart pounded in his ears and he was afraid. But the fear melted immediately when Dean leaned in to him without a word, and wrapped him in a strong hug. Cas knew he was crying by the way his shoulders shook, and Cas reciprocated by wrapping his arms around Dean's neck, holding him close.
"Because he knew I would try and stay here with you and Dean once he put me back if things turned out the way that I wanted. He knows deep down that...I belong with you. With my family. But if I stay, I will die, too. A human death."
"Dean and Cas" he said, and signed their names for emphasis. She raised her eyebrows in surprise, and a smile spread over her face.
"You know Raph and Michael are probably going to beat the shit out of both of us,  right?" Cas said, a sense of foreboding rising in his chest.
"That's ridiculous, Dean. Our whole lives have been full of risks. You've never hesitated to take them before when it was for the best. What's changed?"
"Just for a little while", Dean murmured, and he pulled Cas's arm around his chest. Cas smiled secretly, realizing he had misinterpreted the request at first. But he was ready for this...snuggling, he was pretty sure it was called. Spooning, maybe? It didn't matter. Whatever it was, it made him feel warm, and he molded himself to the contour of Dean's body and closed his eyes, his head buried comfortably in Dean's neck.
“No, you were right. We need to be here.  It’s just...I feel lost without him, and I’ve only known him for couple days.” He put his head back in his arms on the bar.
"Make yourself comfortable," he found himself saying. "I did." He pointed to his clothes pile on the floor and nodded with a small smirk, not sure why he felt so immediately comfortable having such a conversation with a complete stranger.
Dean watched Cas procure a belly laugh from Bobby in the first two minutes after they met while Ben hung from Cas's waist like a monkey.
Butterflies started flying around in his stomach as he thought about how this weekend would go. He thought he knew the answer, but also hoped he was wrong.
“Yeah, right.” She smiled wanly and stood up. “I’m going to go now.” She patted his shoulder again as she departed, taking her uneaten lunch with her.
Dean reached for the handle of the passenger side door without letting go of Cas, and slowly slid over until he could pivot sideways and get his legs out the door. Cas read his intention and immediately untangled himself from Dean’s lap. “You are not carrying me into the house,” he said, ejecting himself quickly out of the passenger door to escape.
“Oh. I’m sorry - do you want to talk about it?” Cas tilted his head, and Dean knew his question was genuine.
All of the windows of the Impala were covered in snow. It made the moment even better, being wrapped up in here with his beautiful hunter in their own little world. He relished in it for a little longer, listening to Dean's slow, relaxed breathing against his shirt and closing his eyes appreciatively.
The moment was soon interrupted by Sam and his fair lady friend, Eileen Lehey, as they strode into the room with enthusiasm, laughing at something or other, waltzing their way over to where Dean and his mysterious stranger stood.
Sam raised his eyebrows, letting the reality of the moment sink in. “I think I need a drink.”  He sped to the bar, where Cas’s untouched cosmo sat. “Is this yours?” He asked, looking between the two of them and pointing at the pink drink.
"Thank you." It was a small whisper, but it was enough for Dean to feel satisfied. When Cas returned his lingering gaze, Dean knew he had to break it off or...or what? He felt hot. He finally looked away for a minute and then patted Cas gently on the shoulder as he moved to grab a blanket and pajama pants from his bedroom.
There it was - that deep, sexy Scottish voice that he loved so much. He smiled when he thought back to the first time he had heard it. His cousin Anna worked at Balthazar's publishing company and had set them up on a date, thinking they would be a good match, and she was absolutely right. Gabriel couldn’t imagine his life without the man anymore.
“Cas…” it was a soft whisper. He felt tightness in his throat - he bit his bottom lip, weighing the fragile situation carefully. His mind hummed with confusion that made him feel crazy, and he didn’t know what to do.
He kept saying it. Sam didn't offer any consolation. Instead he stayed silent. He was still mad as hell at his father, and wanted him to think hard about the way he had treated Dean. Sam was sure that the stress Dean must have felt at the dock contributed to what was happening, at least a little bit.
“Dean? It’s Lisa!” She squinted her eyes and looked towards the living room where Dean’s voice had come from. “Can I come in?” She looked back at Cas again, who had managed to button his shirt and was backing up now to allow her entry.
"Can I help?" Dean turned to see him standing at the entry to the kitchen, hands in the pockets of his slacks.
Cas started feeling guilty as he thought intimately about Dean again when he pulled away from the autobody shop. It didn’t surprise him that he was struggling emotionally with what happened between them today - this was all so foreign to him, and he was feeling things that he hadn't allowed himself to feel before. His adrenaline from this morning had started to wear off, and he thought about picking up a bottle of whiskey for later to keep his anxiety under control. It was right there below the surface, threatening to bubble over and give him away. Dean wouldn't want him anymore if he knew what an emotional train wreck he actually was - he was sure of it.
He didn’t really know what to do, so he excused himself to the bathroom, where he fully intended to hide. As he shut the door, he heard the beginnings of what he assumed was going to be a heated exchange.
He hadn't realized how tired he still was until Gabriel started the car and he was asleep almost immediately.
"You already are, Dean. Remember? You're surprising him with the trip to the bee farm this fall. I've already set it up.”
"I love seeing Jack like this. I want him to come out of his shell more. I think he would if...his dad was around more."
"A Christmas baby! That's unfortunate. He'll always have to compete with the biggest holiday of the year for attention." She said it with a playful smile.
Dean grabbed the bottle of champagne off the table and took a drink before handing it to Cas. "Here's to you," he said thickly.
He rounded the side of the building, closing his eyes and leaning back against the brick wall. He needed to try and clear his head. Just as it had been this morning, his mind was so full that he couldn't concentrate on anything, unless it was dirty thoughts of Cas, and those weren't making his day easy.
"See you then." Cas was in the kitchen, drying the last of the dishes, and Dean felt completely comfortable leaving him there. It seemed...right.
Dean’s breathing was suddenly shallow and his mind buzzed with desire. He moved his hands from Cas’s waist and twined his fingers into her hair, but that’s where he reached his limit and he became uncomfortable with what was happening. Dean pulled away as panic replaced the longing that had started settling itself into every corner of his mind.
Dean was feeling more and more himself at every moment, and he climbed out of his bed, moving to stand behind Cas to comfort him, wrapping his arms around him and planting soft kisses on Cas's neck.
Eileen desperately hoped that Sam knew how much she cared; how much she wanted to protect him from everything evil in the world. And how much she loved him. She never felt like saying the words truly conveyed the depth of love she had for her tall, sensitive hunter. She had never felt so intensely devoted to anyone, and she would give up anything for his happiness. It was the reason that she felt that she understood Dean and Cas's present situation so well. Thinking about how hard it would be to put herself and Sam in their place made her feel physically ill. What a terrible thing love could be, really. And yet...
"Oh no, Castiel." She half whispered it, rolling her eyes as she parked herself on the bench next to him, setting her lunch between them; the fountain was across the street from the law office she worked at, and Cas had met her here many times for lunch - he shouldn't be surprised that she was here now. "Do you want me to refer you somewhere else for an assistant position?" She started rifling through her bag for her phone to text Cas leads.
“Fuck off, Sammy. But if me and Cas disappear later, don’t go looking for us. I plan on dragging him out to the Impala for some alone time after the first dance.”
“God Cas, I want this to be special...to last...but...” Dean trailed kisses down Cas’s warm, trembling body until he was between his legs, and he took Cas's hard cock in his mouth, exploring it gently with small swirls of his tongue. Cas cried out, thrusting hard, hands carding urgently through Dean’s hair.  His eyes rolled back in his head as he succumbed to the greatest physical pleasure of his life: this felt
John's heavy boots were suddenly pounding up the stairs. He skidded around the corner much more quickly than a man of his size should be able to.
Would you dance with me?” The words were out before he could stop himself, but he realized he didn’t hate the idea. “Go and pick something to play from the jukebox.” Dean dug in his pocket and grabbed Cas’ hand, where he dropped a quarter for her to choose a song.
Cas was done with the harassment. He stopped and grabbed Raphael by the throat, interrupting his tirade and squeezing until he knew it was uncomfortable, bringing their faces close together.
The silence was deafening. Dean seemed to be studying his latest hand intently, and for much too long.
Cas opened the front door at Gabriel’s without knocking, stumbling to the couch and sitting down heavily. He failed to notice his brother and Balthazar standing in the kitchen and proceeded to punch one of the pillows before rubbing his face with exasperation and swearing silently to himself.
Dean watched Cas contemplate him for a moment, and it made his heart pound even harder. He knew if Cas tried to reengage him, he wouldn't be able to say no. But he didn't, and Dean was almost disappointed, knowing now that it would be up to him to make the next move. Cas gave him a small, understanding smile and sat back quietly, directing his gaze at the ground as he tried to slow his own heart and his breathing back to normal.
“Nothin”, Dean said, and proceeded to pull a matching scarf and mittens out of the bag. “Let’s get you warm, Cas.”
"Your father had been preparing you to fight while you were sleeping; he trained you in your mind, which is where angels and demons find weakness to penetrate and destroy other celestial beings and also humans. And so to you, they were just nightmares; your father taught you to fight well. But that’s why you draw the way you do. Those things are all real. In fact, many of your drawings are of your father. They are memories."
“I’m here, Cas whispered, tears forming in the corners of his eyes. He put his back up against the cold hallway wall and slid down to the ground, carding his hands through his dark hair and putting his head in his arms as pain gripped every part of him. He knew that Dean was dreaming by the way he muttered the sentiment. He had heard him talk in his sleep enough times to know.
“Cas is into you.” She mouthed it quietly as Cas emerged ungracefully over the threshold of the door. He barely caught himself before his knees hit the floor on his way back inside.
, he thought. He wanted to sink into the ground, but instead found himself accepting the glass that Castiel offered. Castiel had put his tan coat back on and expertly pieced his entire ensemble back together, and even thought to bring Dean his coat back as well, which he handed to him with the sherry.
Cas didn't hesitate to get in the driver's seat. He couldn't ever turn down the offer to drive Baby. And he liked seeing Dean in the passenger seat covered in rows of rainbow colored flowers. His tough hunter, suddenly so beautifully soft and temporarily excited about gardening. The day couldn't possibly get any better.
Dean wasn't sure what compelled him to be so bossy, but his need to protect this vulnerable, broken person only grew stronger as the night progressed.
John sat down heavily in his camping chair and exhaled sharply as he leaned forward to hand out beers to his sons.
Cas responded by nodding and pulling Dean closer, pushing the wet hair back from his hunter’s face, and wrapping his coat around them. He whimpered softly when Dean finally pulled back to wipe the water away from Cas’s cheeks and take a breath.
“Yeah, fine. It’s just hot. I needed some air. In fact, I think I’m going to walk in the garden and see if the breeze doesn’t help.”
Once the couch bed was made up, he adorned it with a throw pillow and sat down in the recliner nearby to wait. He wanted to make sure his guest didn't need anything else. He also really didn't want to go to his cold bed. The thought made him shiver. He never had been good at being alone.
Cas stood there in his familiar trench coat as if he had not disappeared into the abyss a week before.
"That isn't what I was going to say, but...now that you mention it." Dean appreciated Cas's boldness, and he heard a cackle in the background.
“I have a lot to teach you, Dean. But can we start tomorrow?” Cas buried his head in Dean’s neck, pulling him in and stroking his hair.
Cas couldn’t help but smile, wondering how Naomi would react if she found out he did that. He distracted himself with the idea for a few more seconds before deciding it was time to let Dean get back to his evening.
“Sorry, I wasn’t sure if you wanted two whiskeys or a whiskey and a cosmo, so I made both.” The bartender pushed 2 lowball glasses and a martini glass full of pink cranberry juice and vodka towards them, and Dean couldn’t help but give Cas a sidelong glance, his mouth turned up in an amused half smile.
He had just met the man and yet whenever he looked at him, he could barely form a coherent thought. And it wasn't just the way he looked. He looked like a demigod, sure, but the closer he got physically to Dean, right down to the shoulder squeeze in the car, the safer Cas felt. The shoulder touching moment almost had him crawling across the car to run his thumb over Dean's bottom lip...stare into those eyes...kiss his soft, perfect mouth. He wanted to bury his face in Dean's neck. Breathe him in. Find himself wrapped in those arms. Those safe arms.
“What time do you go to work?” Cas asked. “I’m borrowing a vehicle for the day so I can run some errands while you have my car at the shop?”
"What did I say about bringing him here, Gabriel? I told you to come with Castiel and no one else. Leave." Chuck's voice teetered between rage and disappointment, and his words seemed to give Raphael a license to chime in.
"I'm sorry, I don't understand that reference." Cas tilted his head to the side again and squinted briefly, as though he should be wearing glasses but wasn't.
“Your female forms are very good. You can practice more tonight on my live models if you like. But...your male form is...maybe in need of just a bit of fine tuning.”
"I dunno, Bobby. Everything happened so fast, and then, all of a sudden, he was gone this morning. He left a note, but I don't even have his phone number. I just...I've never felt this way about someone before. What if…?
All he remembered was that he had been dreaming about Cas becoming human again by giving up his grace to break a deal with The Empty. Dean often made up scenarios in his dreams about what the deal could have been, because he still didn’t know the truth. Sam and Jack had discovered that making Cas human would get him out of whatever he had promised The Empty, but they wouldn’t talk about it.
Dean stepped aside and let Cas enter the room. Sam immediately raised his eyebrows, dramatic lines forming on his forehead, and he let the pan clatter loudly on the stove as he strode towards Cas and wrapped him in a giant hug, picking him up off the ground.
He contemplated the situation...maybe admired the angelic human laying on his couch a little longer than he should before he nudged him lightly on the shoulder.
He resolved to load his suitcase into the car quickly and leave now. It hurt his heart to do it, but he was panicking and all of this was just going to get worse the longer he thought about it. He would be back in a couple days, no harm done. Dean would understand. Wouldn’t he?
“I’m starving. Yeah, let’s get pizza. I’m not eating your gross veggie pizza though. Get a pepperoni one, too. Oh, and Cas probably wants ham and pineapple. "CAS?!” Dean yelled towards the hallway and Cas appeared a moment later in sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, drying his dark, crazy hair with a towel.
As he gently read Cas's thoughts, Jack's eyes widened and he abruptly withdrew his hand before helping Cas to his feet. Cas's eyes were red, his face swollen from tears.
TBH, I'm struggling to put more conflict in this story. I really am. I don't know if I can do it. I've written a variety of scenarios and discarded them all. Halp. I can't get out of the fluff dumpster.
"Yeah, ok. But Cas is in love with this new someone apparently. So let's see what happens with that first. One step at a time."
He watched her go, forcing down a fresh wave of guilt. She always made him feel bad, even if she didn’t mean to. It was definitely ruining the good day he had been having, and his next errand wasn’t going to make it better.
Dean nodded. He felt it grow stronger still when Cas’s hand touched his chest, and the green flame in his mind ignited and consumed him from within. He felt...invincible. Cas smiled at him; for the first time, Dean got to see joy from his angel.
Cas didn’t remember what had come out of Raph’s mouth as they drove away, other than that should never come home again. And they hadn't.
he had wanted to touch him since he opened the door the night before. He relished in the way that Cas’s chapped, full lips moved so perfectly with his own - how right it felt. When he moved his hands from Cas's chest, up to the dark stubble along his jaw, and finally carded his shaking hands through that dark, thick hair, he couldn’t help but groan with longing. He didn’t remember ever wanting anyone this much - even Benny.
"Cas?" He shook him a little. Nothing. "Cas?" Louder. Still nothing. Finally, Dean decided to try and move him. He was heavier than he looked, but not in a bad way. When Dean slipped a hand under Cas's back, he felt strong, lean muscle there and he tried extremely hard not to think too much about that. He put his other hand under Cas's head and propped him up in a seated position, but his head proceeded to slump forward. Dean chuckled. This was madness, and yet he was enjoying it.
“Are you...serious?” Cas cocked his head to the side, trying to read the situation. “You...really want to eat? Right now?”
The front door was ajar, but nothing seemed out of place. As he wandered through the living room, he heard a crash and panicked. He sped quickly down the hallway, looking for the source of the commotion. All he heard was the shower running from the bathroom, so Sam went to the door to knock, but paused when he heard Dean’s voice.
. He interrupted himself for a second to look at Cas with a small smile, and Cas didn’t think he had ever seen a smile like that from Dean. It reached his eyes, and it was content.
“Jack? He actually came?” Now Sam really started looking weepy. “I prayed to him...couldn’t really think of any other way to get him an invite, but I never in a million years actually thought he would show up.”
"The one where I should have said I love you, too. I love you so goddamn much, Cas." He moved closer as he said it, wrapping a blanket gently around Cas's shoulders, and pulling him in until their lips brushed together. "Touch me again - like before?" Dean's voice was shaky as he whispered the request, gently pulling Cas's body against him. He leaned backwards onto the seat and looked up into adoring eyes as Cas followed, knowing he was ready to give
He took the picture that Ben had colored for Cas and put it on the fridge for him. Then he checked his phone and saw he had a voicemail from Gabriel. He called him back right away, wondering what was so important.
“I would be in your debt - I honestly can’t afford a tow truck right now.” Cas hung his head and looked at the ground. He realized that he might  be coming across as totally creepy right now, knocking on a stranger's door late at night and asking for help like this. But he was pretty much out of options.
He was tempted to tell Cas everything. He wanted to tell this complete stranger about all of the things that were grieving him. Which was weird because he pretty much kept everything to himself. He valued privacy and never wanted to burden anyone with his life shit. But Cas...there was something about him.
It might have been the best shower Cas had ever experienced. He felt light and relaxed. He washed his hair twice just to smell Dean's shampoo and to let the warm, soapy water run down his body, still flush from the pleasure of Dean touching him. There were a couple of seconds where panic threatened to overtake his euphoria, but he didn't let it.
A moment later, the toothpaste appeared in front of his face and Dean was peering down at him with a smirk on his face.
Dean silenced him with a kiss. And it felt different this time; less urgent than their previous encounters had been. Cas pulled him closer until Dean was straddling his lap, and Cas was pushed firmly up against the wall, breathing in and out steadily between soft kisses, running his hands over the now familiar lines of Dean's face and neck, with Dean's hands planted firmly on Cas's upper arms, clinging to him desperately.
"Nothin." Dean said. "You should always wear my clothes." Cas blushed and looked down thoughtfully at the black t-shirt and jeans that Dean had given him. He was also critically aware of the fact that Sam and Eileen were watching him, and so he kept his head down. He didn't think he liked the feeling of awkwardness that had gripped him just now, and avoided making eye contact with anyone.
"To the Winchesters. To family." Sam met his glass halfway and they sealed their agreement with a long drink of sherry.
“Sam! Did you get a text from --” He looked up and froze, the look of confusion on his face quickly turning to shock.
Dean swirled his tongue along the entire length of him one more time, taking him deep in to the back of his throat, guiding Cas's hips up and down in a steady rhythm until Cas's back arched high off the floor, fingers digging deep in to Dean’s shoulders, and Dean welcomed the thick, sweet cum that slid down his throat as Cas climaxed. It was the most intimate, erotic thing he had ever experienced, and he came, too,  untouched; every inch of him was on fire and he lost it when Cas moaned his name for the final time.
Cas nodded and stared at the seat. “I’m sorry that I...get on your nerves sometimes,” he said quietly.
"Just...keep working on finding a job. Fix this, OK? Your alcohol problem is getting noticeably worse instead of better. And it
"Wait for me," Dean finally whispered, pulling away and climbing back up to kiss him hard on the mouth. Cas’s hands immediately drifted down between his hunter's legs to massage his inner thighs, but he avoided touching Dean where he wanted it most.
“What does it say?” Sam asked, and took the note from Dean as it was handed to him. He read it quickly, and Dean saw the confusion on his face immediately.
Dean came inside a short time later when Cas was in the kitchen making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and wrapped his arms around Cas, kissing him on the top of the head.
"I'm always going to be here, Dean. The bunker is always going to be here. Is that all that's stopping you from staying there?"
He kept a hand on Dean's back while he replayed the messages that he assumed were the reason for Dean's sudden downward spiral.  He dropped the phone after Cas’s message. He didn't think he even wanted to hear the next one from Balthazar. He forced himself to listen to it while he held Dean up.
“Dean…” Cas’ deep voice, whispering into their kiss, made color return to Dean's soul. “Are you ready for this?”
“Can you give me his number, Gabriel? I should...I should call him.” Cas's muffled voice rose up from between his arms.
"About four. I...didn't really have anywhere else to go and had to give my brother's car back by then."
Dean woke up in the living room recliner, which meant his body was stuck in the shape of the recliner. He probably wouldn’t be able to walk right today. That’s what happened when you turned 40.
"Hell no. I have a feeling you and Gabe are going to need some time to properly grieve together, however that might be. Plus, we all know I'm not welcome."
“Does this all mean something to you?” Sam inquired, trying not to pry too deeply into whatever business Dean had gotten himself mixed up in.
He hated saying it. The thought of waiting for an Uber and going back to his dark and lonely apartment grated on his nerves and became almost unbearable when he felt so safe in this car with Dean.
"Do I care, brother?" Sam quipped, clapping Dean on the back. "You look as though you have something on your mind - do you fancy a chat before I depart? My garden agenda is...open ended today. I may not be back until after dusk."
“What was that?” Dean raised his arms up in exasperation as he followed Lisa into the house. “Are you two going to start dating now?” He momentarily forgot that Ben was in the room and raised his voice louder than he intended to.
“How have I never met him until now, Gabriel?” Cas whispered it, and Gabriel couldn’t determine whether he was mad or just disappointed.
When he arrived for the final time at his office building, he paraded through the front door like a lunatic, threw Naomi’s dry-cleaning at the secretary and announced that this was his final act for Satan - that she no longer owned his soul - and marched back out. He had acquired some sort of bold inhibition today and he was going to ride it out until it inevitably fizzled.
"Jack, that wasn't very polite." The woman scolded the small boy and he looked down in embarrassment, a blush creeping from his ears up to his cheeks.
"I love you, Cas", Dean whispered. He blinked slowly and a small smile hovered on his lips as he memorized this last moment.
“Hi Sam.” Cas hung her head and looked at the floor, unmoving as “All Out of Love” finished playing from the jukebox.
He army crawled up the bed until his head was on his pillow, and dragged Cas up in front of him, immediately spooning him and turning him into a quilt burrito.
"Dean! I'm so happy you've met Castiel! I had hoped that perhaps he could offer you some advice on your sketches. Have you already exchanged formalities?"
"Let me see...no. You have until the end of the day, Castiel. Anything left in your apartment then belongs to me." He flicked his wrist in a half wave and disappeared down the dimly lit hallway while Cas cursed under his breath. It's not like he had much - a mattress and a bed frame he had found for free. A chair he didn't want anyway. A suitcase full of clothes. Toiletries. A couple of pictures in a shoe box. His fridge was almost empty except for a jar of grape jelly. He had peanut butter, bread, and whiskey on the counter. He could get away with packing up his whole pathetic life in less than an hour.
He whispered Cas's name over and over, his hips stuttering. Cas did finally gag, unable to take it all, even though Dean was sure he tried. He excused himself to the bathroom, quilt wrapped around his waist, and Dean could hear him dry heaving down the hall. Despite the fact that he was still coming down from his second mind blowing orgasm of the night, he managed to pull on a pair of boxer briefs and scurry to the kitchen for a glass of water.
"How to fuck you? I mean...I know generally how it goes, but I want to do it for you- specifically for you. I don't want it to be weird.
Sam could tell the two of them were enjoying their scuffle and chose to interrupt - they were too cute. It was starting to make him feel sick to his stomach.
Sam looked at Eileen and shook his head, his eyes widening in defeat. He was relieved to see that Eileen was considering the scene with amusement.
"Let's move on, shall we?" Gabriel clapped his hands together and took a large drink from his glass.
"I was there when he was born. He means everything to me. And so does his mom. It just...didn't work out for us."
"It's you, daddy. My teacher says angels are people that watch over us, even if we can't always see them. You're my angel, daddy."
Dean grew serious, and in a moment of decisiveness, he pushed his forehead against Cas’s. His hands moving back up to his angel’s face, and he leaned in to a kiss that was so devastating that the flood light at the side of the bunker door exploded.
The conversation was interrupted by two red faced boys sliding to a stop in front of them, giggling and breathing hard.
Dean seemed to forget all about breakfast as he watched Cas wander over and take the chair next to him.
“What?! Dean! How is this all happening? Wow, I…” Sam was speechless. He had met Hannah the day he started at his law firm - she trained him in and Sam considered her a friend. He just couldn’t believe how many parallels there were in all these new relationships. He knew Hannah was struggling with her ex, and a knot of apprehension formed in his stomach now that he knew that Cas was the man Hannah talked about sometimes. He tried not to read too much into it. It sounded like Cas might be kind of a project, but it also sounded like Dean knew that already.
“Dean? So nice to see you again.” The man extended his hand to Dean, who shook it firmly. The man looked at Cas and smiled. “And you must be Castiel?” He extended his hand to Cas as well, and Cas shook it warmly. “Thanks for coming to the original Kansas City bee farm - the name’s Frank. Cas, I hear you’ve got an affinity for honeybees?” Cas was currently speechless and about to cry for the second time since he woke up this morning.
“Can we plan on leaving in 15 minutes?” He asked as he put dishes in the dishwasher and refilled his coffee.
They worked in silence in the garden, both on their hands and knees, Dean watching what Cas was doing and copying him. It warmed Cas to the core to watch Dean digging holes for each of the flowers and dropping them in gently, one by one, until they had planted every last one in staggered rows and covered the area with fresh dirt from the garden store.
Dean put his hands on Sam's arms and pulled him in for a hug. He didn't feel anything yet. He was sure that he would be consumed with shame or disappointment at some point, but not yet. Which meant he had time to think about what to do next.
Two seconds after Dean closed his eyes, Cas was there, snaking an arm around Dean's waist and kissing his neck.
Cas noticed that Dean was staring at her mouth and blushed, putting her hands in her pockets and shifting nervously. Her movement distracted Dean and his eyes traveled back to hers.
Cas stood absolutely still, allowing Dean to explore him more. By the time Dean grabbed his hips and pulled their bodies flush, Cas had started nuzzling into Dean's neck with soft lips, letting the water drip from his hair down Dean's chest, and he traced the lazy lines of water with his fingers. This seemed so...natural. so right. It was addicting just to
“I...would like that. Yes.” Cas sauntered slowly to the jukebox. Dean noticed that she was struggling slightly in her heels, and wondered how uncomfortable Cas was in this vessel after being Jimmy for so long.
Several minutes passed, and Eileen excused herself so that Sam and Cas could talk. Nobody was hungry anymore, and half of the food on the table remained untouched.
This was one of those things that happened at the beginning of a romantic comedy, wasn’t it? A shared connection between strangers because of some unfortunate set of circumstances?
Cas was surprised at how quickly Dean was changing from gentle to aggressive and back again, but he was enjoying the unpredictability of it. It was sexy and it was making him crazy.
He opened the front door to see a petite, dark haired woman standing there with a young boy in tow - Cas guessed the boy to be Jack’s age, maybe a little older.
"Anything for you, Dean. I think me and Eileen can produce a dozen heirs." He chuckled as he thought of it. "And we have Jodi. Jodi will always help keep the family together." Sam nodded, reassuring himself silently, before grabbing Dean's good arm and squeezing it meaningfully.
His heart sank. He looked at the clock and saw it was 6:30am. He wondered when Cas had snuck out and felt guilty he hadn't woken up. The thought that Cas had panicked and decided he couldn't do this crossed his mind. He tried to shove down the feeling of disappointment that started spreading through him.
He finally got Cas into their room and put him on one of the beds, claiming the other for himself once he got their suitcases inside.
Cas had hesitated for a brief moment, trying to keep his composure. All he wanted to do was protect Gabriel, and to do that he had to admit for the first time out loud what he had hidden from his family forever.
"C'mon. Let's talk in the car." Dean grabbed his bag by the door and beckoned for Sam to follow him out to the Impala. “I don’t mind leaving a little early. We can get to dad’s tonight instead of staying at a motel on the way.”
When motel check in time finally rolled around, Gabriel had an arm around his little brother as they leaned on one another to make it back from the bar. It had been an interesting day to say the least.
The night was cool, but pleasant. He strolled towards the pay phone, noticing that there was a petite, dark haired woman leaning casually against the side of the telephone box. She wore a tan trench coat and a well fitted black suit with a blue ribbon tied in her dark hair. Dean noticed that her eyes were a deep, cosmic blue. He immediately felt that she was familiar, and came to an abrupt stop, narrowing his eyes in her direction.
Cas wished that there was something else he could say to alleviate the feeling of hopelessness that had settled in the room, but there really wasn't. He wandered off slowly with a huge weight resting in his heart and his stomach.
“Hey, I’m late but there won’t be any broken promises today. I got us reservations at that deep dish pizza place you like by the park.”
Lisa and Cas untangled themselves from one another when they saw him, and Lisa headed back inside to say goodbye to Ben. Dean followed her in, unsure what to even say at the moment. His mind was swimming with so many questions and emotions.
He came to an abrupt stop halfway across the parking lot and dropped to his knees in momentary defeat. Human anger consumed his mind as he knelt on the ground in the cold. He breathed hard and stared at the brightening horizon, concentrating and listening to the blood rushing heavily in his ears, his breath fogging up in the chill morning air. He switched his gaze abruptly over to the Impala as he heard the door open and shut. Dean was walking towards him with a concerned look on his face, and Cas stood up to meet him.
"You didn't do anything wrong," she said forcefully. "How many times do I have to tell you that I take full responsibility for what happened between us? You have to let it go. You're a good man, Cas - I want you to be part of my and Jack's life. But you have to get it together. I'm not going to let Jack watch his father go to jail on a random Wednesday every other week."
Cas didn't say anything. He just watched the look of surprise spread over his brother's face until he struggled to pull away from Cas's vice grip and straightened his shirt, spitting angrily. Cas hadn’t ever stood up for himself before. Gabriel had disappeared inside and missed the exchange, and Cas was glad for that. He was going to manage this one himself - be strong all by himself. He had a reason to do that now. And he was pissed that he was yanked away from that reason to come here.
“Yes. And it cursed you in anger. I think you knew, in a way, that you were burning from the inside? You were hours away from death tonight, Dean. I had to find the counter curse to reverse the damage that had been done and I was so close to failure. I didn’t know that the curse would spread so quickly - from the lore that I read, it should have taken years for it to consume you entirely. I’m not sure why it worked so fast. I thought you were safe.”
"I trust all of this for some reason. I think things are really going to change for me this time for the better."
"Well, I told him to stop wearing my clothes, too. And then a coffee cup fell on his face and now he has a bruise."
Dean heard him shuffle out of the room and he shut his eyes, intent on sleeping off more of his hangover before joining his family for dinner. He hadn’t seen Jodi since she arrived back from Paris and was looking forward to hearing about her travels. Jodi, their head of household, had been like a mother to Dean, Sam and Claire since their parents had died in a hunting accident 20 years ago, and he looked forward to wrapping her in a good long hug.
The rest of the night went on without incident. By the time Balth, Gabe, and Sam were departing, Dean was just drunk enough to feel relaxed and thought he might be able to enjoy his buzz for the rest of the night in front of the TV with a beer and something on Netflix. But as usual, Sam lingered after the lights of Gabriel and Balthazar's car had faded down the drive.
His newest puzzle pieces to consider were Hannah and Jack. He didn’t know Hannah OR Cas well enough yet to know how that dynamic might fit into a life where he and Cas were together. When he had spoken with Hannah on the playground bench, he sensed hesitation when she spoke about Cas. He couldn’t tell if she was resentful of him or not. He deduced from the comments she made about falling for Cas that she probably harbored guilt for whatever happened between them. Someday he would have to ask one of them more about that.
“There was a fire, Dean. You're lucky to be alive.” Jodi said softly, and she squeezed his hand. She looked tired; her big brown eyes were red rimmed, and her slight frame looked hunched in the shadow of the candlelight.
"I don't know- we'll have to learn together. We have to stop talking about this though or you're going to have to fuck me right now. Just thinking about you inside me is almost too much." He drew Cas' hands between his legs so Cas could feel the effect their conversation was having on him. Dean appreciated the whimper that came from Cas when he touched him.
Sam watched the look on Dean’s face turn rapidly from shock to...panic? A shadow moved in front of Dean’s eyes as he stumbled slowly backwards.
"Are you sure you want to lend this to a stranger sleeping on your couch?" Cas turned around to admire his rescuer.
“Nope! It’s still a surprise until we get there.” Dean winked at him and backed out of the driveway. Cas’s stomach filled with anticipatory butterflies, and they stayed there for the entire thirty minute drive, where they arrived in front of a small cottage outside of Lebanon. When they pulled up, an older gentleman came out of the front door to greet them - he was obviously expecting them, and Cas wondered what all of this was about.
He was surprised by how at home he felt walking up to the door. It gave him pause. He had felt so confident about his intentions in coming here before, and now...now his confidence faltered a little. He glanced out over the quiet lake, taking a deep breath. He didn't even get a chance to knock once before the door opened and John was wrapping him in a giant hug.
"I've always got time for you, little man." Bobby winked at Ben, and they disappeared into the back office, Ben already chatting Bobby's ear off about his new book about ghost hunting.
"You're looking fresh, Castiel. And I thought you were handsome with bed head." She winked at him when he glanced at her, causing him to blush (again). She bit her lip while she studied him for another embarrassing minute before changing the subject. "Alright, well...I've got a flight to catch. Ben, I will be back on Saturday. Have fun with Dean." She moved around to hug Ben, and although she hesitated slightly, she put her arms around Dean for a brief moment and kissed the top of his head. "Thank you for doing this. I...just...thank you."
Balthazar and Gabriel were already in the kitchen making drinks and preheating the oven to make frozen pizza when Sam and Dean finished setting up the table. They were familiar with the routine.
“Oh. I’m...sorry to hear that. Were you together for a while?” Cas put his chin in his hand and stared intently at Dean.
Eileen wandered into the kitchen shortly after Dean and Cas both disappeared, wearing one of Sam's blue flannel shirts. Sam liked it that she preferred to wear his shirts to bed. She looked cute in them. And he took a moment to pull her into a hug, and then signed to her that they would be making breakfast for 4. She brightened at this news, inquiring as to who the other two would be.
"Why not? It's Thursday." Dean directed the statement at Ben but held eye contact with Cas, trying to gauge whether Cas was enjoying this or hating it. Dean's intention when he asked Cas to lunch hadn't been to eat greasy diner burgers with Ben, but he had to admit, it thrilled him that Cas was handling all of it like a champ.
“How long you been here?” Dean asked, filling a glass with ice and water from the fridge door. He turned around to fix his younger brother with an inquisitive stare.
Dean thought, and the idea made him feel sick as he reached the very last doorway without seeing him. It was closed, but he push it open, and he found himself in a large drawing room. Women in varying degrees of undress posed on chairs, tables, and platforms for a small group of artists that were scattered throughout the room with easels and sketchbooks. The air was perfumed and warm, the candles casting light and heat into the quiet space, and Dean became immediately self conscious, feeling as though he had happened upon some sort of secret meeting.
“One more time, Dean. It will be over soon.” Cas looked drawn; the pain it caused him to do this without explanation was torture to him, but there was no other way. Dean was dying; Castiel almost hadn't made it. And the thought caused a small sob to escape from his lips as he pulled Dean in close, absorbing as much of the final shock as he could with his body. He felt Dean shaking violently as he held him afterwards, but took comfort in knowing that soon the pain would be gone and he would be healed. And when Dean finally stilled, Castiel set his head gently back on the sweat soaked pillow, leaning over him anxiously and pushing his hair back from his face.
A short silence fell between them, and Cas kept his hand where it was, covering Dean’s. It felt right. A chill ran through him, and he tried to collect himself for what seemed like the 10th time that night. Ever since Dean had opened the door to his house, Cas felt a connection to him. It brought him comfort to be sharing this evening with someone who seemed to understand him. That and Dean wasn’t bad to look at, either.
"Kind of, dad. It's complicated. I don't really want to talk about this right now, OK?" Dean was disappointed in himself. This was his chance. But something stopped him. Something always stopped him when this topic came up. He felt like a coward.
“Are you excited for this to be us soon, babe?” Dean broke their kiss to look into Cas’s deep, blue eyes. Cas nodded and gave him a wistful smile before backing towards the door to take his leave again. Cas’s closeness had scrambled Dean's mind, and he forced himself to let out a deep breath and close his eyes for a minute to regain his composure.
Sam usually felt like he could offer advice or wisdom in those rare moments that Dean opened up to him. But today he felt like Dean's mission was crystal clear. And he didn't want to interrupt it.
"You don't owe me a damn thing. Look at you - you look happy. Dare I ask about this change in demeanor…?" He raised an eyebrow and gave Cas a hopeful side eye.
"OK, well, I suppose me and Ben should find a hotel. I've got to look for apartments in the morning."
Cas watched Bobby's face light up as he threw his head back in a fit of delighted laughter. He realized he may have said too much, but the implication in his words didn't seem to affect Bobby, and he breathed a private sigh of relief.
Cas nodded rapidly, and a million emotions seemed to pass through his blue eyes in a matter of seconds as he collected himself. Gabriel froze, not knowing how to react. He tried to focus on wiping the look of surprise off his face.
“I think it’s too much of a coincidence that your father dies at the same time that Cas seems to be finding himself. And at a time where we all need a break. I don’t want to make it sound like Chuck dying is a blessing in disguise, but...it kind of is?”
Finally Dean and Cas wandered through the front door, looking relatively normal except they were both covered in dirt and Cas's hair was even crazier looking than usual. They washed their hands in the sink together, and the electricity between them made Sam want to crawl into a hole. This was the dumbest idea he'd ever had.
There was a knock on the door, and a moment later Cas came in...crying. “Oh great, you too? This is going to be a long goddamn day.” Dean pretended to be annoyed, but the real truth was that Cas in a well-fitted suit was going to be a problem today; how was he supposed to focus on anything else when his fiancé looked like
“I love you, Castiel...” Dean slipped into a heavy sleep. And somehow as he slipped away, he knew the demons that had battled with him in his mind for the last thirty years were gone for good. He could finally be at peace.
"Yeah…" He smiled a little, and leaned back, gaining a little bit of confidence from her comment. “I stopped by the house to see Jack today, by the way. Figured I should mention it, since he probably will. I forgot it was a weekday, honestly; thought you would be there. I might have scared your nanny.”
“Dean, I want to see you.” Cas was fumbling with the button on Dean’s jeans, his hands still shaking. Dean moved to help him, unbuttoning his own pants and guiding Cas’s hand to his hard length, sliding it up and down and releasing a surprised moan - it felt way too good to have Cas’s hands on him. He enjoyed the way Cas responded, canting his hips up to match the motion of his hand rubbing on Dean’s cock, his eyelashes fluttering erratically.
He advanced several feet into the warm, wet darkness before locating a bench to the left of the bunker entrance. He decided to sit for a moment to collect himself and to figure out what to do. He didn’t care about being wet, or about his trench coat already being soaked through. He didn’t much care about anything except Dean and the dream that he had just witnessed. He had been a fool to allow himself into such an intimate, personal space like that. A small sob escaped him as he sat helplessly alone, water dripping from his hair and his chin.
Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and handed it over. "Why don’t you just punch the address into maps?”
“Don’t stop. Dean...don’t...please don’t…” the way Cas begged as he continued to move their mouths and tongues together gave Dean the confidence he needed to move his exploration to Cas’s cock, straining hard against his sweatpants. It was a glorious thing, even though he was still just touching him through the fabric, running his palm along the hard length deliciously, enjoying the sounds of pleasure that escaped from Cas as he stimulated him. His mind short circuited when he thought about them being skin to skin.
The day went by in a blur as they were introduced to the hives and the process of extracting honey. Cas’s favorite part was the visit to the barn where he got to see all of the products that were produced from the farm’s bees and honeycombs. It was all so fascinating and he felt completely at peace here.
And when he was far enough from home for the realization of his own intent to become clear, his excitement turned to momentary panic, and Dean had to focus on his breathing to keep from having an anxiety attack. Perhaps he should have had a drink before he left home to calm his nerves. But it was too late now, and so he turned his attention to the sketchbook in his lap. He ran his hands over the leather-bound cover, allowing himself to remember that it was his mother who had given it to him when he was a child. She had caught him drawing with sticks in the dirt and had always wished to encourage her children to follow their dreams. So she purchased him the book and a set of pencils on one of her trips to Paris with Jodi. Her last, in fact, before she was never to return home again. He gripped the book affectionately at the thought of his mother. He had always had such a pure, nurturing relationship with her, and he missed her every day.
Anna got a faraway look on her face, and it made Gabriel nervous. One thing that always bothered him about his cousin was her inability to keep things to herself, and she had a big mouth. He wondered what she was thinking about.
“Are you ready for this, Sammy?” Dean stood in front of his brother, tying his tie for him in his bedroom at the bunker. He could hear the soothing hum of music and conversation drifting down the hallway from the adjoining great room, and could smell an amazing meal cooking in the kitchen. Every once in a while he would pick out Jodi’s distinct laughter as her and Donna prepped everything for the afternoon festivities.
Once they were seated at the bar, Dean ordered them each whiskey. It was quiet. They were the only ones there,  so they were able to converse without yelling.
This abrupt proposal caught her off guard, but also filled her with happiness, and all she could manage was a small nod in place of words. So Sam produced a small ring box from his coat pocket.
“Because after I saw you, I started to dream. And angels don’t dream, Dean. But I did. I dreamt what you saw in that painting at the gallery. I saw blue and green, running together, creating harmony between heaven and earth. It was so beautiful.”
“What the fuck is going on, Cas? What are you? What is this?” Dean started to feel defensive as his strength returned.
But when Friday came around, Dean found himself looking at his watch every 15 minutes to check the time, and he found Castiel on his mind constantly throughout the day. Whenever he thought about his piercing blue eyes, or recalled his velvety voice, the rest of the world around him fell away. He couldn’t wait to get to the studio to see him again.
"No, I haven't thought about it. We belong at the bunker. Its home, Cas. With Sam. And now Eileen, too. We're family. We stick together." Dean looked stubbornly out the front window, and Cas knew the conversation was over.
"Sam, I want you to inherit Winchester Estate. All of it. I want to give my title and my inheritance...all of it...to you."
“Sammy?” Sam returned to the present as Dean wandered into the kitchen. He tried to shove the memory of what he had heard from the bathroom somewhere far away.
"Would you...marry me? The timing...might be off...but I can't wait anymore. I want to spend the rest of my life with you."
Dean smiled to himself, thinking about Claire, Kaia, Patience and Alex, out there fighting evil now as The Wayward Sisters with Jodi and Donna to guide them and watch out for them.
The piece was of a forest at dusk. The colors of the fading light in the sky bled into the trees with expert artistry, making heaven and earth become infinite with one another in hues of brilliant blue and green. It almost seemed as though there was a hum coming from it; as though it was speaking to him. It was exquisite and he had half a mind to purchase it.
"Yep!" Ben grabbed his iPad and his book. He already had his shoes on - Dean always liked this routine. Ben had come to work with him dozens of times. Bobby loved the kid and always found time to keep him company when Dean got busy in the shop. Dean and Ben’s relationship was a well-oiled machine and a pang of sadness swept through him when he thought about this maybe being the last time he ever got to do this.
Dean didn’t know what to say - it was true that he was more in tune to womens’ anatomy. Naturally, he had not been given the opportunity to study the male form up close.
"Are you ok, man? What are you doing?" Dean reached him and put a hand on his shoulder, and Cas's anger immediately started dissolving as he managed a smile.
Dean stood still, quite sure that his face showed a mixture of defeat and exhaustion at the idea of being found by London’s high society debutantes at this particular moment...or ever, for that matter.
“I want to see you. I need to see you when you come.” Cas’s breathing was erratic, his eyes on fire. Dean didn’t think he could wait much longer. He threw one of Cas’s legs over his shoulder and guided himself back into the tight heat, relishing in the way Cas looked as he did it: body and cheeks flushed, head thrown back, bottom lip between his teeth, chest rising and falling with short, ragged breaths. In seconds Dean was coming hard. He stroked Cas's cock with urgency, saying his name over and over. Cas dug his fingernails deep into Dean’s back, watching his hunter's face crumple, his eyes shut tight, as an intense orgasm gripped him.
"Talk to me. I know you just met me, but please talk to me. Do you have someone to go home to tonight?"
"Safe travels, brother. Write to us if you can? We want to know that you're journeying safely. May God be with you." Sam patted Baby's flank as Dean rode off, hoping with everything that he had that Dean would return safely and in one piece.
Dean nodded and threw his arm on the back of the bench seat of the Impala, tapping his fingers thoughtfully and staring out the windshield.
"Charlie, I think Ben is going to order for us today." Dean shot Charlie a meaningful glance. "Do you think you could show him how to ring up an order? Three bacon cheeseburgers with fries and two chocolate vanilla malts?"
"I did?" He tried not to sound too hopeful. The relief that was washing over him was making him numb. He had convinced himself that Cas skipped out on him because he had second thoughts. He knew what that was like. He'd been there.
“I don’t know how it all happened, but I met him. His name is Jack. And I met his mom. I believe you know her. Hannah  from your office?”
There was a thick silence between them after the brief exchange. It was a pretty heavy first conversation between strangers.  Dean wondered what she was thinking.
“Oh. Forgive me.” Castiel shifted off the table once again. “How rude of me.” Dean watched him walk swiftly past the models and the other artists in the room and disappear out the door.
“I don’t know about that.” Dean left the shelter of the doorway and wandered toward Cas, hands in his pockets, immediately saturated by the rain that was still falling heavily in the darkness.
"I - you have to let me go back", Cas pleaded, "I need to fix it. I need to finish this. I thought I was ok leaving it the way I did, but I'm not. I'm not." The misery in his eyes made Jack upset.
“Oh Hell no. Settle down? Psh.” He made eye contact with Sam as he finished with the tie and winked. “You know there’s always going to be a case out there for me and Cas. But I can do the college thing and the job thing and all that, sure; watch me.” Sam chuckled at Dean's response as he turned to look in the full length mirror that Charlie had brought for him. He didn’t think he had ever worn a suit this nice; a 3-piece in dark blue that he had purchased especially for today. He couldn’t wait to see how beautiful Eileen looked; his heart beat just a little bit faster when he thought about it. Cas was going to walk her down the aisle, and Dean was standing up for him as his best man. He couldn’t think of a more perfect way to kick off the day than by having his favorite people in the world surrounding him. A tear escaped from the corner of his eye and he tried to brush it away before Dean could see it, but he was unsuccessful.
“Hey Dean,” Sam said softly as they entered the house, searching his brother’s face for any signs of grief or sadness. He didn’t see any, but a few hours from now, he assumed Dean's demeanor would change when the reality of his situation set in.
“Hey Dean!” Gabriel called from the kitchen, poking his head around the corner as Dean and Sam brought folding chairs into the living room. “Sausage and pepperoni first?”
"We haven't even told anyone about us yet, Sam. Me and Cas. Is it too soon? Am I jumping in to all of this too fast?"
“Yeah. I do. I just don't do well with long term relationships. I... lose interest. That’s just how it is for me.”
"I'm so proud of you." Gabriel leaned in and gave Cas another strong hug, deciding against any sarcasm or mockery for the time being...as hard as it was. "You can do this. I'm here if you need anything, OK? Anything."
"Absolutely. She's coming for dinner tomorrow night. I wanted her to meet my boys. John put an arm around each of them, and Dean felt like he was twelve again, wanting to be everything his dad thought he should be.
He gave one more tight smile and backed up the driveway towards the front door, hands in his pockets, as he watched the best thing that had ever happened to him reverse out of his life.
"Dad!" It was Sam who said it this time. It was the most menacing that Dean has ever heard his brother sound. It made John stop.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I’m sorry that I left you. I didn’t know that it would affect you so deeply.” There were tears in Cas’s eyes, and he pulled his hand away from Dean’s, causing the blue green light to dissipate. He got up abruptly and raked his hands regretfully through his hair, turning his back to Dean and moving to stand near the fire again, staring into it silently.
Dean wandered back to the Impala to grab the cooler and a blanket and left Cas to his own thoughts for a moment near the sunflowers. When he returned, Cas was standing with his face to the sun, eyes closed, letting the wind ruffle his disheveled hair, his hands in his pockets.
the familiar shape of Cas’s hand there, and Cas saw him looking at it: “I can’t heal that one," he said. "It’s...a protective mark. I put it on you to keep you safe from any more demons while I was gone. It can’t be removed.” Cas looked up apologetically for a moment, his hands brushing lightly along Dean's hips as he sat on the floor, drinking in the beauty of his Nephilim.
The thought of Cas trying to put himself right for the sake of his son made Dean's heart nearly explode.
Ben took the liberty of snagging their favorite booth at the diner - the one closest to the toy shelf where he liked to pick a coloring book and crayons to bring to the table before food came sometimes. Dean could tell today would be different - Ben was having too much fun enjoying Cas’s company to want to color.
"You should let Ben teach you about obstacle courses. I bet he would love to show you all of his tricks."
He checked his phone and wondered why he was awake at 6:30am without an alarm, then realized he smelled coffee brewing. He also noticed he was covered in a blanket that hadn’t been there when he fell asleep.
, Sam thought. He didn't think he had ever witnessed a more peaceful scene at the bunker and realized this may be the happiest, most bittersweet moment of his life. He wandered over to the record player and re-started Led Zeppelin again with Stairway to Heaven. Dean stirred at the sound, and woke pleasantly. Sam watched him have a moment of panic as he felt for Cas, followed by immediate calm when he discovered that Cas was small spoon in front of him.
But now...after finding what he thought might be a connection with Dean, something new and bright stirred in his mind, and he clung to it as he thought again about what Gabriel said.
Dean gasped when Cas’s hand disappeared into his jeans to rub along his already hard length. Cas relished in the way Dean arched back at the slightest touch, mouth slightly open as he panted from built up need, totally possessed by the desire to have Cas’s hands on him.
“While you were in the shower?” Dean licked the knife he had used to cut the quiche before putting it in the sink.
“Hey Anna? Pour me another one, too. I think we need to drink a while and reminisce more on happier things, don’t you?”
A week after the fire, Dean saddled his best horse, Baby. He knew she could get him to Newcastle and back with as many stops along the way as necessary while he searched for Cas.
“Dean! Cas! Where are you? The lights --” They both looked towards the bunker entrance as Sam poked his head out the door
He had hoped that Dean's latest bender would be short lived, but after his conversation with Cas earlier in the day, he was trying to come to terms with the fact that his brother might actually be on his way to being gone for good.
And then Cas was lost. His body burned with need as he came hard, his breathing shallow, his entire body convulsing as he grabbed Dean's hips again and guided him back and forth rapidly, pushing up in to him again with involuntary roughness as he exploded.
Silence descended on the room. Cas looked quietly at Dean and squeezed his hand. Dean stared at the floor.
After a few more minutes of sleepy reflection and a little internal pep talk, he decided he would make coffee. He was sure Dean would have to be at work at some point and he would kill to see a sleepy smile from his rescuer when he brought him a cup.
“Should I have Jodi and Claire alert the kitchen that we would like to have a late dinner tonight so you can rest a bit longer?” Sam asked thoughtfully.
When they got to the bunk room, Dean checked his phone. He had two new messages. His heart leapt into his throat when he saw the first one was from Cas. He felt guilty that it was left much earlier when he was driving. He rushed to push play.
As he put his letters down, all three of the other occupants in the room watched; it was strange to watch Cas engage in human activities and there was something slightly comical about watching a fallen angel of the Lord playing Scrabble, cross legged on the floor, wearing Dean's clothes. The appreciation for the moment was felt deeply by all.
Dean stood in several moments of silence, further contemplating the work and finishing his glass of sherry, before he noticed another man in the room. He didn’t recognize this man, which was odd, considering he was sure he knew almost anyone who would be in attendance. It made him curious. The man was standing quietly across the gallery, arms folded, in seemingly deep contemplation about an artwork in the same way that Dean had been about the infinity painting. He observed that the man was well dressed in a tan overcoat, black waistcoat and blue cravat, which Dean noticed with amusement had been loosened, and the man seemed to squirm with the same physical discomfort that Dean had experienced moments ago from the heat.
He took one of the low ball glasses and winked at Cas before pushing the whiskey and the cosmo towards her. “Take your pick.”
"Castiel, I need you here. I need you to help me to rebuild Heaven. You will see Dean again in time." Jack looked at Castiel again inquisitively; he wasn't as confident in his mind as his words had sounded. He had never seen his father so weak and so broken, and he wanted to help.
"I'm here for you, Gabriel. Just like you've been here for me. Let's just get through this, OK? Then we can go home."
“I’m going to make you some tea. It’s nearly dawn. Just about time to start the morning rounds anyway. Claire has a big day.” Jodi patted his hand and turned to go, leaving Sam and Dean alone in the room.
"C'mon Cas, it's gonna be OK." He rolled off the side of his bed and crawled over to Cas. "Come on. Put your feet on the floor. Head between your knees." He helped to get Cas in the right position, and he felt like he was sixteen years old again, helping his little brother navigate his early panic attacks.
"I need a shower", Dean said to the wall, as he sauntered past Sam and punched him playfully. "Thanks for making breakfast Sammy."
Their hands became more animated as they explored each other, lightly and shyly at first, and then with a confident urgency that matched their kiss. Castiel slipped his hands inside of Dean’s shirt, fingers gliding over his smooth chest and back up to his face, where Dean angled his head back to give him access to his neck; he wanted Castiel to kiss and touch every part of him. He
“Cas, you can’t be doing that. You know it gets Jack’s hopes up. You have to schedule your visits.” She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead, suddenly looking tired.
Sam had to put the eggs in the oven to keep them warm - Dean and Cas had disappeared for a half an hour and he started wondering if they would come back at all, or spend the rest of the day in Dean's room.
“Cas! Who is it?” Dean asked again. Cas couldn’t answer - he was too busy trying to make himself more presentable.
“What?!” Cas looked at him with wide eyes, his face full of amusement. “You were...you did...no you didn’t. Seriously?”
"Put your mouth on me, like before. Use your tongue like before. But just around the tip? I'm going to use my hand to pace this. I'll tell you when I'm close. You can change your mind on any part of this, anytime. OK?"
He found his pants and shoes, slid them on quietly, and climbed over the center console to the front seat, where he proceeded to exit through the driver side door, pulling his coat with him as he set off for Jake's.
Cas hugged Sam next - a longer, meaningful embrace. When they parted, Sam had tears in his eyes, too, which he wiped away, smiling, and backing away towards the kitchen. He knew he couldn't keep it together much longer and he intended to be out of sight before breaking down.
“I’m...sorry.” Cas averted his eyes towards the ground. He would have chosen a less offensive snack, but Dean kept buying off brand EVERYTHING, and since Cas had become human again, he was extra picky about what he was and was not willing to eat. For example...he would have brought a box of Cheez-its to snack on instead of that sandwich, but Dean bought generic cheese squares again and he sure as Hell wasn’t going to eat them. They didn’t taste right.
"What about you? What went wrong?" Hannah seemed to be genuinely interested, and Dean felt the need to be honest.
“So, how do you know Castiel again?” Dean asked. He was laying on the settee in the large tea room at Winchester House that overlooked their front lawn, nursing his hangover.
Why was life so confusing? She tried again to unravel all the threads pulling her in different directions so she could have an intelligent conversation with Dean when she went to pick Ben up. She even grabbed Dean a coffee from his favorite coffee shop, and a piece of cherry pie for later. She knew he would smile at that.
“You are...amazing, Cas. So fucking perfect.” Dean stopped kissing him again long enough to drink in his flushed face and the way his body desperately strained towards him from the waist down, shaking with need. Cas's bottom lip disappeared between his teeth as he moaned, eyes closed, fists clenched. Dean wanted to see him come. The thought of it was driving him crazy.
Dean breathed in sharply as the paper fell away, revealing Castiel’s infinity painting. And without any ability left to hide his emotion, Dean put a hand to his forehead and wept silently, trying to make sense of it all. What did all of this mean? He was confused and in extreme physical and emotional pain as he sat with Sam in silence, starting back and forth between the handprint on his arm and the painting in front him.
“Did you sleep with him, Castiel?” Lisa turned from the open passenger side door of her green Jeep and fixed him with a meaningful stare.
He really had no idea what to do in a situation like this. His heart was speeding up and he couldn't stop it.
“I know buddy, I don’t want you to go, either. But...your mom knows what’s best. I will be here whenever you want to come and visit, OK?”
"This song. It's called Friends. But I think one of the people in the song wants to be more than just friends." He stopped talking abruptly after that and took a drink of whisky out of the almost empty bottle.
"He belongs to you, sir?" The officer had asked, fear evident in his eyes over Cas's condition as he handed him over to Gabriel.
"Yes. Many times." Cas lifted his glass to his lips and drank the rest of its contents before pouring a second one and drinking that, too.
"I remember dad made us rebuild the porch. That's when I ruled out carpentry as a living." Gabriel chuckled. "Remember when I turned fourteen and I kissed that boy in the front yard? I don't even remember his name anymore."
"Don't", he said. "Just...don't." And he strode angrily out of the room. "Nobody follow me", he yelled back over his shoulder. And nobody did; at least not at first.
Dean downed his entire drink immediately and stood up, placing his hands on either side of the empty glass on the table.
“Where is home, by the way?” Dean asked, squinting his eyes in slight suspicion and making eye contact with Castiel.
“God, I still remember when I introduced you and Balth and he recognized you right away from that movie you were in...um...what was it?” Anna laughed to herself.
He knew he was interrupting an intimate family moment, and it was making him feel guilty. He was getting a glimpse into the life that Dean had lived for the last six years, and he envied it. At least this part of it. But Lisa had left him, and after what just happened in the bedroom, he was sure he knew why now. It was actually similar to what had happened with him and Hannah, and the fact that he wasn't alone in that way made him feel even closer to Dean. He knew he needed to learn more about this man; his curiosity was boiling over. But he shoved that down for now, knowing it wasn’t the right time or place to go there.
"Yeah. Come when you're ready." Sam put his hands in his pockets and sauntered back to the dining room.
He waited for Dean to step back after he had finished pushing the scarf inside of Cas’s black wool coat, but he didn’t. And when Cas re-directed his gaze forward again in confusion,  their lips were close enough to brush together lightly, and Cas tried to duck away at first, embarrassed. But Dean grabbed him gently by the arms, steadying him in place, pushing their foreheads together.
"It's time to come home, Castiel", he said. "I'll be waiting." He motioned upwards with his eyes to make sure his request was clear before disappearing as quickly as he had come. Cas realized right away that he had been given his grace back. He was no longer cold, and he felt the soft brush of feathers against his arms. He had regained his wings, and immediately felt exposed. He had never appeared this way to Dean before, and it was a stark reminder that they were from different worlds. It was because Cas was an angel that he was here now, but it was also the reason that he had to say goodbye, and the bittersweet memories from the last 12 years with the Winchesters suddenly made him feel exhausted. The heaviness of his wings weighed him down unbearably as he trembled, and he was unable to look Dean in the eye as his mind hummed with residual emotion.
"Does mom listen to this, Ben? How do you even know what this is?" Dean had to shout over the music.
Cas watched him with interest as Dean shoveled pie into his mouth. He hadn’t even cut it into pieces; he was just eating it right out of the tin, and Cas was sure that there wouldn’t be anything left of it in a matter of minutes. He struggled to understand what it was about pie that Dean loved so much.
“Yeah, I just always hope that one day you’ll realize it’s disgusting.” Cas wrinkled his nose at Dean's comment with feigned annoyance.
Dean nearly fell off of the hood of the Impala when a familiar face appeared over him. The blue eyes...the trenchcoat...the full lips. But this time they belonged to
"Do you want to stay at the house while I’m gone?" He stood abruptly and moved to kiss her on the cheek.
"Yeah. I guess so? Maybe it's too soon for love, but then again...don't they say you'll do crazy things for love?"
“Have you ever thought that maybe your relationships don’t last because you’re just not really into women?” Balthazar didn’t break eye contact with Dean when he posed the question, slinging an affectionate arm around Gabriel in the process. Sam and Gabriel both glanced at Dean as well, waiting with bated breath for his reaction. All of them knew that this was a touchy subject and they had never breached it as a group.
“I need to show you something.” Sam set his jaw and wrinkled his brow in concentration as he gently reached for Dean’s arm and started to unwrap the bandage. Dean sat completely still, not wanting to make a wrong move as he watched the dressings fall away. And as Sam pulled away the last of the clean bandages, Dean stared at his arm in disbelief.
“Who the hell is knocking so early?” Dean mused out loud. He watched Cas stand up and move towards the door.
“Cas...just...don’t eat in the car, ok?” He ran his fingers through his hair and took his shoes off (AND put them on the shoe tower). He had stopped being mad as soon as Cas had appeared, and already regretted scolding his roommate. “Do you want me to cook tonight, or do you want to?” He changed the subject.
“Dean hates it when I can hear his thoughts...see his dreams. I thought this was a better way to come back. I wanted to make it...fair. We’ve been through quite a lot recently.”
“No, I want to. We need this.” Gabriel reached over and squeezed Balthazar’s hand, giving him a tight lipped smile as they pulled away from the curb.
"He's very fragile, Dean. He's barely hanging on. That's why I'm calling. He was happy today. Like...really happy."
“Yeah, and I remember how wrecked you were about that. More wrecked than I’ve ever seen you about anything else. He meant something to you."
Sam and Dean stepped out into the familiar hallway of the bunker, and walked towards their new future. Together.
Dean tried to focus on the hand print that was burned on to his upper arm, and reached over to trace around it with his fingers. It was definitely Castiel’s hand. He had to focus hard to stop himself from going back to that night without rousing the image of the smoke demon and of those raven black wings. He tried to make sense of it, but everything had happened so fast and he was trying to convince himself  that most of what had happened at the end was a hallucination and nothing more. But he really wasn’t sure; it had felt real, and the hand print was proof that at least part of his memory was correct. That moment when Castiel had branded him with a hand print sat at the forefront of his mind, making him unsure of everything.
Cas collapsed back on to the floor in a heap of gratitude. "Thank you, Jack." He looked up as Jack gave him a small smile and snapped his fingers.
He scribbled a note for Dean and left it on his pillow before he backed out of the room, a heaviness in his stomach. He didn't leave his number - he couldn't. He wasn't sure what kind of headspace he would be in while he was gone and if Dean called he knew he would answer, even if he shouldn't. There were some things he still wasn't ready to tell the man and parts of himself that he was ashamed to share. Maybe he would show up on Dean's doorstep and surprise him when he got back. It worked the first time?
Cas was numb when he stood. His mind was calm, and his body was humming. He wished it had all lasted longer, but he was still terribly satisfied.
And then Castiel had opened the door wearing Dean's clothes not 24 hours later, and she immediately knew she had done the right thing. Dean was different that morning. The air in the house felt sweeter. Relaxed...joyful...the way she had always hoped she could make it feel there. She had never been happier and sadder at the same time than when she met Castiel because he was so beautiful and sweet. And crushing on Dean big time - she watched the way he looked at her ex and it took her three seconds to know what was happening. And Dean hadn't even realized it yet at that point. He was such a dork.
A short time later, Balthazar, Gabriel, and his brother Sam pulled into the driveway. They all knew what the problem here was. Each of them had silently hoped, each time this happened with one of Dean’s relationships with a woman, that it would be the last.
“I ordered that for Cas”, Dean said. He looked at Cas and released a small, involuntary chuckle, trying to lighten the mood. Cas remained stone faced, but Dean could sense amusement in her eyes when she looked back up at him.
He left it at that, not wanting to put too much delicate information into a voicemail message. Then he decided to lay down himself.
"Lisa!" Dean stood and turned to give her a hug. "Did you bring me pie and coffee? Aw babe, you shouldn't have. Come sit. This is Hannah. We met this morning and got to talking. Time got away from me. Sorry about that.”
“You’re not - wearing any shoes?” Cas said, “It’s raining.” His voice sounded raspy. Dean looked down and realized his socks were soaked through. He hadn’t even thought about putting shoes on after he got the text that Cas was home.
“It’s ok. Just give it another minute, Dean. The initial numb feeling will pass quickly. But if you don’t like it, you don’t have to take any more. I’ve got more sherry.”
"Let's - I - let's slow down for a minute, ok?" Dean started to feel guilty immediately when Cas's face fell. Dean ran his hands nervously through his hair as he tried to collect his thoughts and slow his pounding heart.
“You know...if I decided to switch teams, Gabriel would probably leave you for me, Balth. You better watch yourself".
There was an awkward silence between them for a second. It was so hard for Dean to argue with Cas - it was always so one-sided. Cas was way too patient with him. He glanced down at his feet hovering at the edge of the front entry tile and guiltily recalled the two phases of Cas’s annoyance over the “shoe situation” when they had first started renting here. Phase 1 was Dean wearing his shoes in the house. Cas was weird about shoes on the carpet, and had politely requested that Dean not wear shoes past the tile in the front entryway. Phase 2 was Dean humoring him and taking his shoes off in the requested location (he remembered almost all the time now, which was a huge win). However, he had been leaving them smack in the middle of the tile walkway and Cas would trip on them when he came in the front door. Instead of getting angry and yelling, Cas had bought a shoe tower and placed it next to the front door with a note on it that said “for your shoes when you come home.” And Dean remembered to put them there about 75% of the time, which he also considered to be pretty good.
Castiel studied Dean for a moment, and Dean felt as though his gaze was burning into his soul. He wanted to know everything. He needed to know.
Right when he thought about giving up on their return, Dean appeared in the doorway, whistling happily as he slid into his chair. Sam studied him from across the table in silence until Dean asked the obvious question:
When he slept at night, which was never well and almost always full of disturbing dreams and violent nightmares, he imagined that he could hear the gears in the clocks outside of his room grinding extra loudly, taunting him.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I didn't know. Thank you for being there for me, even though you're obviously going through a lot. You're a good person."
“Don’t worry. I’m going to take care of you,” Dean said softly. He offered Cas his hand, helping him off the floor, and led him down the hallway towards his bedroom. On the way, Dean gave in willingly to Cas’s searching mouth in the darkness, finding himself pressed up against the wall, his hands pinned on either side of his head, entwined with Cas’s. The heat of Cas’s body flush against him was enough to have him panting with need, and after spending several seconds with Cas’s tongue fervently massaging his own, he  broke the kiss long enough for them to make it to their destination.
“Battle angels.” It was a statement, not a question. Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Or how to handle it. It was all too unreal. Angels? Hanging out in London to fight demons? It sounded like something from his drawings.
Dean finally reached for Cas after he was able to regain his composure, pulling him into a soft embrace, relishing in his closeness and his warmth. Cas slipped his head down until he was resting on Dean's chest, listening to his slow, even  breathing as they sat in silence together.
"That you should, my boy." He winked at Cas as Dean came through the door, wiping his hands on a dirty towel. Cas felt his heart speed up at the sight. It had only been a couple hours, but he wanted nothing more than to be close to Dean again, and seeing him brought memories of this morning rushing back again.
Dean looked up at him through slightly blurry eyes and studied Sam for a minute. He and Cas were sitting cross legged on the floor in the living room across from each other, Scrabble board in the middle. The only words on the board were "hello" and "Castiel."
"Cas...I need to...think. We've beat fate before, so maybe there's a way out of this. You go and find Dean, ok? He needs you."
"You come back, you hear?" Sam whispered. "The world isn't quite done with you yet. We've got one more hunt. Just the two of us, ok? One more."
When Dean returned, everything was spread out thoughtfully, all the way down to a plate in the middle of the serving tray with 2 fortune cookies on it.
Donna disappeared back inside and the innkeeper continued to work on getting Dean free from his saddle and organizing his stableboy to take his horse. He wondered what had brought such a prestigious man here in this condition, and made note to write to Winchester house immediately to alert them of Dean’s situation.
“Oh buddy, you’re not crying already are you? It’s going to be a long day if you’re weeping before you even leave the room.” Dean put a hand on his brother’s back gently and looked at their reflections: where had the time gone? How had they gotten so far down the road in life already? He was 41 and he felt it in his bones most days, but there was little he would change about his life with Sam and the family they had picked up along the way. His throat tightened and he had to keep himself from shedding his own tears.
The gentleness of Dean's lips when they met his again sent him into a different kind of spiral. He didn't think he would feel whole once they separated. The thought of feeling empty again after knowing what this was like caused his heart to flutter with panic.
He put his hands tentatively on Cas's cheek and pulled their faces together until their foreheads touched. His blood suddenly felt warm and his heart was racing as the residual effect of his drunkenness cleared.
He fell asleep when they got back in the car again, and didn't wake up until they pulled into the long gravel driveway of their childhood home. Cas's whole body trembled with a mixture of fear and apprehension.
"Before you and Balth and Gabe came over the other night, I tried doing that because it had been such a bad day and I needed a positive distraction. But I couldn’t think of a damn thing that I was thankful for because my mind was so jumbled up and all I could feel was anger. So I told God I needed an angel instead. That I needed help because I had given up. I just felt like I was a burden on everyone that I cared about. It was scary to feel like maybe I’d hit rock bottom or something."
Cas rewarded Dean’s question with an adorable half smile as he sauntered into the kitchen, and Dean noticed with equal parts annoyance and adoration that Cas was wearing one of his t-shirts (again). “It’s a surprise,” he said, and opened the door to the coffee cupboard. “Dean...where are the coffee filters?”
He leaned in unapologetically to give Castiel a quick, chaste kiss. His heart pounded loudly in his chest as he pulled away, slightly panicked, and he studied Castiel’s face anxiously. To his delight, Castiel cupped Dean’s face in both of his hands and pulled him in again, kissing him deeply. Castiel groaned softly when Dean parted his lips with his tongue, exploring the inside of Castiel’s velvety soft mouth excitedly and tangling his hands in his dark, unruly hair. He was surprised at his own boldness, and felt like he might go crazy with the desire to know every inch of this perfect man.
“Ok. So a pepperoni and a ham and pineapple pizza...and I’ll get a bottle of champagne. Anything else?”
“You said that, Gabe. But it’s not your fault. And you’re right - we need to do this today. We need closure.”
"I'm doing normal people things", he said, and gave Sam a tight lipped smile before going back to studying the board.
"Oh? What about?" Sam heard Dean sigh deeply on the other end of the phone and was momentarily concerned.
“The keys to your new life...if you want them?” Dean gave Cas a soft smile and continued: “I confirmed with our landlord this morning that he’s interested in letting us rent to own. In six months the house is ours if we can secure financing. Sammy is working on that for us. And the other key...the one with the bee keychain...that’s to the cottage here. Frank says take your time, but he’s ready to train you to be a beekeeper, and the cottage is yours during the day for lunch and all that. Just say the word and this place can be yours - a job to start with, and maybe more someday, if you want it to be.”
He trailed slow kisses teasingly down Cas's torso and settled his head between his legs, taking Cas into his mouth, sucking just enough to make him utter a gorgeous sound that made it hard for Dean to focus. Cas was holding on to the leg of the table closest to him, head thrown back...and Dean continued to tease him, sucking...touching... bringing him to the brink of release over and over again and taking it away, relishing in the control that he had in the moment.
Sam knew that Cas was Dean's weakness now. And Dean knew he had to do this; he should have just gotten it over with already, but he was terrified.
“Castiel?” He said, not at all certain what he would say next and immediately regretting his boldness.
"I tried to ask a girl out last week,” Sam said with a smirk. Dean appreciated Sam’s willingness to divert the conversation while he worked up to what he needed to say. He mouthed a silent thank you before starting to laugh.
Dean snuggled in behind Cas, happy to be sharing his bed with him. Maybe it was too soon to be doing this - but maybe not. This is what his body had craved for years, and he felt whole. So he needed to forget everything else for a while, and ignore the judgement he might get for falling for someone else so fast.
Upon his return, he noticed headlights outside. Oh fuck. The Uber. Cas had not canceled it. He glanced down to find Cas snoring lightly, stretched out comfortably on the couch, his hand on his forehead as though his headache plagued him even in his sleep.
"C-ah. Cas. Fuck." He forgot to be gentle for a minute and thrust upwards into Cas' throat, making him gag. Cas pulled off, looking ashamed, searching for direction.
"Rocks for me, too,” Dean said. He was still competing with Taylor for the loudest voice in the room, and Ben was still singing along animatedly from the living room while he played on his iPad.
Sam brightened at this. “The angels. They’re beautiful. You’re like London’s own Michaelangelo.” He smiled, and Dean allowed himself to feel just a bit of guarded pride. He also wondered if Castiel would like them. He smiled softly as he continued to nurse his headache, relishing in the darkness from the cool, damp cloth across his eyes.
"Because it wasn't my place. Dean has to learn things on his own - you know that. I'm just sorry that it hurt both of you."
"I'll seeya, Sam." It's all Cas could manage to say in the moment, and he turned to follow Dean up the stairs. And they left the bunker together for the last time.
"Dean and Cas. Just working out relationship issues." Sam rolled his eyes but it was affectionate. Eileen knew he felt pressure to make things work between Dean and Cas, although nothing short of Hell could ever come between them now that they were openly in love. And even that…even Hell might not be able to keep them apart.
Dean nodded, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. There was a heaviness in the air for a moment and he sought to fix it.
Cas hadn’t slept that well in ages. He woke feeling rested. He was also crushing on Dean - big time.
He filled the radiator and put on a temp seal before he drove it slowly to Bobby's, taking extra care not to cause any more damage. He noticed when he drove it that the car was in desperate need of service, and planned to take the afternoon to fix as much of it as he could. He wondered how Cas had gotten to this point where he was alone, broke, and jobless. Did it have something to do with him being gay? He wondered if Cas wasn't open about it - if it was hard for him like it was hard for Dean and if that burden had affected his entire life. It was frustrating to think about what was happening to that sweet, beautiful man. He looked forward to spending more time with him and maybe strengthening the connection that he felt between them. If Cas was in to him, (he was pretty sure that was the case), maybe he could help with more than just car repairs - maybe they could help
"Nevermind", Cas said. Dean looked at him questioningly but didn't pursue it. They stood in uncomfortable silence for a moment before Dean turned back towards the Impala, ignoring the questions that rose up in his mind.
"Well, this conversation got dark fast,” Cas responded, knowing Gabriel was switching gears so that he could cope with whatever was coming next.
"S'OK. It's gonna be OK. It's gonna be OK." Cas started chanting it, and Gabriel heard his breath pick up until it was labored, and he knew Cas was having a panic attack for sure this time.
"You can feel it, can’t you?” Cas breathed as he pulled away for a moment. “Your grace?” He was taking off his boots then, and moved to unbutton Dean's shirt slowly...thoughtfully.
"Would you mind making Ben breakfast before you go, Lisa? I need a minute." He said it as he disappeared down the hallway and out of sight.
Dean paced around the house all morning. He went back and forth on whether to bring flowers home from the garden store, or take Cas there. He finally settled on letting Cas pick stuff out that he liked - Dean didn't know anything about flowers and would probably get all the wrong ones.
"Did I say love?" Dean squinted his eyes as though he had his doubts, but Sam saw through him. Dean was smitten. He couldn't help but tease his older brother a little bit, since he was in such a good mood.
He grabbed his phone so he wouldn't wake Dean, and sauntered sleepily through the living room and into the front yard.
Cas stood in the snow, watching Dean walk briskly away, slightly panicked that he had almost been caught in the moment of final preparation for Dean’s surprise birthday party. Everyone was waiting at the main building, only a few feet from where they had just stood. Cas couldn’t believe that he had gotten so lucky and that Dean had missed Jodi and Sam walking inside as he approached.
“Dean. Stay. Don’t move.” Castiel crouched over him, breathing hard , sweating from the heat of the smoke demon, and Dean felt a gentle caress of feathers on his back. He ventured a quick look over his shoulder to see large, raven black wings shielding him from the fire that erupted from the demon creature’s mouth; they were Castiel’s wings. And Castiel was whispering frantically in that unfamiliar language as he continued to protect Dean, absorbing every blow and fireball that the monster dealt to him.
"Dean?" It was Charlie's sweet voice, traveling to them around the corner. "Dean? Are you out here?"
“I also heard about Eileen and your love letter.” Dean gave him a toothy smile and Sam couldn’t help but roll his eyes.
A short time later, Dean came out looking healthy, well-groomed and definitely not hungover, which was a nice surprise.
Dean’s eyes suddenly stopped on a box on the top shelf from his favorite pie shop. Had Cas…? No way. Cas had driven a three hour round trip to get him his favorite pie? No wonder he ate a sandwich in the car.
He couldn’t take it anymore; he rose up from his seat on the ground and entered Dean’s room, shaky and unsure. The tears had started to fall. Fear had overtaken every corner of his mind. But something propelled him forward, and he found himself sitting on the edge of the bed, staring at his hunter, brushing his damp hair back from his face as he slept. Cas had never wanted to be able to enter a dream so badly in his life. He thought he knew, based on the words that Dean muttered, what he was dreaming about. He touched the black cord around his neck, considering it...should he re-activate his grace? It hadn’t even been a day. He decided against it. Instead, he threaded his hand gently through Dean’s, and slid down softly behind him. He, too, fell asleep almost immediately in a fleeting moment of contentment that allowed him to relax.
Gabriel gave a small nod and waved. He couldn't remember Cas having thanked him recently. It was a good sign. His body relaxed and his mind felt lighter as he wandered back inside to get ready for work at the hospital.
He dove into his food, not sure what else to do. He was also very aware that Lisa was looking at him.
“Those weren’t dreams, Dean. Or nightmares. You were affected by the tear in the veil from the moment it happened decades ago. You have had angels and demons inhabiting your mind.”
"Where's Cas?" He asked innocently. The question made Dean want to throw up. But he had to squish those feelings down for Ben.
Charlie smiled and extended her hand to Ben. "Wanna come with me, little man? I can show you how to order on the computer." She looked over her shoulder to give Dean a small, understanding nod as she led Ben behind the counter, and he was grateful to have a minute alone with Cas.
“Oh,” Sam said in slight embarrassment, knowing immediately that he had just interrupted a moment. “Sorry - carry on. We don’t have any lights in the foyer or the kitchen. Just an fyi.” And with that, he ducked back inside.
"Cas, I- please stop. Just for a second. I'm...close." Dean forced Cas to stop rocking against him so that he could catch his breath, and he blushed with embarrassment.
“Not this time,” He whispered, and steadied Dean on top of him, relishing in the feeling of their bodies being so close. He started rubbing their hips together, creating maddening friction between them. "Its my turn to take care of
Bright, welcoming lights reflected off of the accumulating snow once Dean was inside the grounds, and the ring of warmly lit buildings blocked the wind – the snow was falling gently from the sky now, leaving everything covered in a dusting of delicate white powder. It was like being in a snow globe.
"Ah. That'll do it. I'm sorry, Dean. There’s a lot here to unpack, but I think I understand what you’re hoping to get out of all this now." Sam breathed a private sigh of relief - at least the only victim of Dean’s outburst was a wall. He remembered back to the bar fight when some asshole made a comment about Dean and Benny, and Dean put said asshole’s head through a window.
“Dean?” Sam pushed his ear up to the bedroom door hesitantly when he passed by with the plate, but got no answer. The door was slightly ajar, and so he pushed it open. Dean was asleep on his bed, curled in a tight ball on top of the comforter, twitching uncomfortably. It made Sam’s heart hurt to see him like this, and he wished there was something he could do to get him to come out and talk to Cas; he knew it would fix some things. He would never understand why his older brother had to be so stubborn. He quietly placed the plate on Dean’s bedside table and left him to his restless sleep.
Cas glared at him and her eye twitched slightly. She had, after all, lied about Jimmy still being “in the shop.” She had simply decided to try something else. The truth was that she absolutely had to know if Dean would like this vessel...could love her like she wanted to be loved if she appealed to his assumed sexual preference. But this idea had started to feel ridiculous. Her heart was so full of shame that she found herself crying. Just a few tears, but Dean noticed immediately and his face filled with concern.
Was Dean his boyfriend now, kind of? The thought filled him up with a comfortable warmth. He couldn't wait to get back home. Gabriel had already offered his guest room to Cas while he worked on getting a new job and finding a new place, but he wouldn't mind spending some time in Dean's bed, either. It was his new favorite place to be.
Dean pulled Cas's hand up to his lips and brushed light kisses across it, humming along to Metallica as it continued to crackle through the tape deck:
“Dean, you can’t go anywhere. You have to rest and give yourself time to heal. You’re in really bad shape.”
“You’re…freezing. I’m going to find you a hat or something? Wait here - maybe get some coffee to warm up while I’m gone?”  Dean put a thoughtful hand on Cas’s shoulder as a gesture of reassurance before striding away intentionally.
Dean had the Impala in the driveway and was putting a cooler in the backseat when Cas emerged through the front door. It was a perfect, sunny fall day. He hoped that whatever they were doing would be outside, and by the looks of the cooler, it would be. He didn’t think they had ever had a picnic outside before - it sounded perfect.
Dean wandered into the main hall of the bunker a short time later and was met with a table that had been set for two - two plates, two sets of silverware, and two lowball glass arranged next to a full bottle of nice whiskey.
Dean busied himself with opening the wine and looked thoughtfully at his fiancé. “Frank is moving most of his operation to a newer, bigger location, but he’s attached to this place because it’s the original farm, with his original hives. It means a whole lot to him, and he needs someone to come here and tend to the cottage and the grounds during the week while he's at the new farm- someone who might want to come and live here one day when he retires. I thought maybe...it would be something you would enjoy doing instead of making people lattes in the suburbs?” Dean stopped for a minute to try and read Cas’s face, but he was struggling to get a pulse on what he was thinking, so he continued. “What do you think, Cas? Would you want to take care of this place? Maybe call it ours one day?”
"Nevermind. I don't know why I asked you to help me. You're such a bitch." Dean hung up on his brother and walked in to pick up his takeout order. When he got back to the car, he had a text from Sam:
"Yeah buddy. Meet you in the living room in a minute, OK?" Dean hoped he sounded normal when he said it, squeezing his eyes shut to concentrate.
“So the flower idea worked?” He guessed, leaning his elbows on the countertop and folding his hands under his chin, giving Dean a cheesy grin.
I could end it here, or I could keep going. Undecided. I have more written. Let me know if you have a strong opinion on it.
Cas ran to him, kneeling down and placing his hand on Dean's back, looking for any sign of life. From several feet away he had looked dead. But upon placing a hand on him, Cas felt Dean's shallow breathing and immediately started to turn him over.
“Cas has a son.” Dean said it out of the blue. Sam thought he saw tears in his brother’s eyes when he said it.
After a few legitimate dates with his co-worker, Dean was having the best sex of his life. It was awkward at first, but after stumbling through it together a few times, it was good. It was the first time that either of them had experimented sexually with a man, and it was comforting to know that they were learning together. It made the whole thing a hell of a lot less awkward, and he even considered asking Benny to be his boyfriend for awhile.
“Happy birthday”, Cas whispered. And Dean pulled him in for another kiss as a slow, muffled applause drifted towards them in the cold winter air.
"You were always looking for a reason to pick on me, Raph. Always." He was surprised by how heated he sounded. "Why is that, huh? Was it because deep down, until I got depressed, you knew I was the favorite? That Chuck liked me better than he liked you? I can't even imagine how much joy my coming out gave you. Because finally...finally you were really rid of me. You're a bad person, Raph. A bully. And I hate you.
Cas heard Dean chuckle at his own observation, and a brief smile flitted across Cas's face at the comment - it cheered him that Dean seemed to be coming around rather quickly.
"I'm actually going on a little road trip with Sam. I've got something I need to take care of. A little coming out party of my own with my dad. You've inspired me, Cas."
Cas heard silence for a moment and wished that he could see what was happening. He wondered if he had spent enough time in the bathroom to emerge safely. He flushed the toilet for good measure and let the water run for a minute before opening the door loudly and letting it bang off the wall.
“Raguel. He was...good. I fought beside him for thousands of years, and many of us mourned his death deeply. Although we were never told how he died.”
Dean slid a giant wedge of quiche onto Cas’s plate and refilled his coffee. He followed it up by filling small glass cups with orange juice and setting a bag of arugula in front of Cas. “I hate this stuff, but I know you like it, so I got some. Sam says it's good with quiche.” He moved around the bar to sit next to Cas in front of an equally large piece of the breakfast pie. Cas still hadn’t started eating. He was too busy getting over this new Dean Winchester that was sitting next to him. Never in a million years had he thought he would be crazy in love with, and much less engaged to, a partially domesticated, sassy, soft, flannel wearing monster hunter. But dammit if he wasn’t thinking about jumping into Dean’s lap and kissing him to death right now so he wouldn’t explode from the happiness that was trapped in his chest.
“I need this...I need you,” Cas finally whispered breathlessly, finding it hard to get any words out at all as he pulled Dean down in to another deep kiss.
Thank you so much to everyone who embarked on this experimental writing journey with me and gave me feedback! This is the first "write as I go" fic that I've ever endeavored to produce. I can't say I felt confident every time I published a new chapter, but ultimately it was fun to keep the plot going in my head and challenge myself to be less "Type A" about having everything written and edited prior to sending the story out in to the world. Not sure I would do it again, but...who knows.
“I’m cooking tonight,” Cas said. He was hopeful that the surprise dinner he was planning would make up for the sandwich.
“I was with Dean for six sexually frustrating years, Castiel." She paused. "Why am I telling you this? I don’t know.” She threw up her hands and kept going anyway. “He would have stayed with me. Forever. Because I was almost everything he needed. Almost.” She let a tear fall and brushed it away. "Do you understand what I'm telling you?"
"I wish Castiel had come into your life earlier," he added. “All of this could have been over years ago.”
She figured out the mystery on her own one day when she walked in on him masterbating to gay porn. Not knowing what to do after that, and not quite being ready to give up the literal man of her dreams because he wasn't sexually attracted to her, she tried to be accommodating. For a while they watched it together and they could be intimate afterwards. But eventually, that, too, became unsatisfying because it was all a lie.
The thought made him chub up uncomfortably and he had to get a grip before he made his next house call. His thoughts had been rather explicit this morning and his mind wouldn't shut up about Dean Winchester.
“Just as terrible as every other day of my life,” he said, and Dean sensed sadness in his tone. He didn’t feel comfortable pursuing the topic so he let a short silence come between them, hoping that Cas would say something to fill it.
"I know. We’ve talked about this at least a dozen times today. But it's going to be ok. I'm really sorry I pulled you away, Cas."
Dean discovered upon closer observation that the tan coated stranger was quite beautiful. His dark hair was disheveled, his shoulders broad, and his eyes a shocking blue.
“Since I was quite young, actually. But I’ve never shared them with anyone. Except Sam, but that’s because he can’t keep his nose in his own business.” Dean smiled an affectionate half smile when he thought about Sam and the fact that he owed him credit for this moment.
“Hey, it was worth a try,” Dean said, a sheepish smile playing on his face. “Should we go inside and make lunch before we start gardening? I’m hungry.”
“Ok. Five minutes. You look so handsome, Sam. You too, Dean. Everyone is going to be so impressed. You two clean up nice.” Charlie gave them a wink and an encouraging smile and shut the door behind her.
Raph glared at them. Cas made himself as small as possible in the passenger seat, averting his eyes to the ground. His stomach dropped when Gabriel opened his door, forcing Raphael to jump out of the way.
