“You need to sleep.”
I looked over Sherlock’s knee.
I ran my hand along the wall.  I could feel the pocks from which the stones must have fallen, but none of their edges were sharp enough to cut my skin.   I switched hands, steadying Sherlock atop me with one and reaching down to the floor in hopes of finding a stone that had broken as it fell or perhaps the missing knife.  I found one of the stones.
Lestrade snapped the loupe back into its case and stood.  "How far back did it take you?"
I caught up with him in a few strides.
“Civilised on the surface, treacherous underneath,” I said.  “A familiar arrangement.”
I considered his pallid, ordinary face and the expressions he exaggerated nearly to parody.  Usually, that was his mask, I decided.  But the hunger on his face when he looked at Sherlock was raw and genuine and he would have done better to continue to disguise it.  Even if it would be hard without a velvet mask.
"We need to pull this beast ashore," he said.  "One harpoon won't hold it for long against the currents."
“No need for a visit to the General Registry Office,” he whispered.  “Look.”
A vision came of him riding a stallion hell-for-leather down a steep slope, reins gathered in one hand, riding crop raised in the other…or was it a sword?  What he held high caught the sunlight.
Sherlock tucked his flask away and froze, one hand still inside his coat.  He peered over my shoulder into the woods behind me.
I shut the inner door gently behind me.
Sherlock laughed and propped himself up on his elbow.  “I did come to with a jolt.”  He brushed the hair off John’s forehead.  “No one called the police?”
My eyes returned to the advancing figure.  A glimpse of shin, a gleam of thigh.  By my side, my fingers twitched.
“Shall I take your branch with me?” I murmured.  “Up to the flame on the hill?”
Mainly, I remember that she fancied Sherlock.
Mycroft appeared next to him.
“The only sane adults Harry and I knew.”
I inhaled appreciatively.
You are.
Let’s not wake up then.
Both garments looked to be made of linen, but were more supple than I thought linen had any right to be.  That, however, was not the matter uppermost in my mind.  Rather, it was their anachronous nature that piqued my curiosity.  I reached for the card, considering the words more carefully.  There was to be a ball at Holmeswood Manor, no further address was specified.  The Master and Mistress of the manor requested the honour of my company at it.  The hour the festivities commenced: 10 in the evening; the day of the week: Moonday.
Kit pushed the last tart from his plate into his mouth and stood.  He held out his arms and Midnight jumped into them.  “I should go help, sir,” he said around the remains of the tart.
Sherlock smiled.
“These are special trees,” Sherlock murmured.
Halfway down the long room, a knife quivered in a plank of wood.  The hilts of several more protruded from the board which was roughly the size of a person standing with their arms at their sides.
Mycroft tied a strand of bark around the scroll and held it up.  From under a root, a beetle scuttled.  It stood on its hind legs, clasped the roll to its abdomen and buzzed away.
“So, one of those carriages will go unclaimed,” I said, “or a horse, at least.”
I took the plate from her.  “I was just complimenting your protégé.”
“You weren’t expecting that I'd accept it,” I finally said.
I expelled a long breath and set the cup down.
I adjusted the willow against my shoulder.  Long and heavy as it was, I had found it easier to shoulder it than to continue to pull it over the uneven ground.
Ms Swann let out a small puff of laughter.  “I try.”
“A live one?”
I shifted to the edge of the bench and lifted one leg and then the other.
“What was the other mistake?” I asked and took a sip.
“But you’ve been reading up on it,” Sherlock replied.  “Are there any biscuits?”
“If even half of these possibilities turn out to be true, he is a scoundrel of the worst sort, and should be apprehended as soon as possible,” I hissed.
He pushed the chair back and stood.  “What did you do with the carton and all the papers?”
We went haring off.
I didn’t know him.  What am I to say?
I peered more closely, spotted the thorny branches of bramble and rose, withered flowers still on the vine.
He didn't appear to be breathing at all.
Puck glanced with furrowed brow at the glowing border of leaves and birds and flowers on the scroll.
My hand waved about again.  “It’ll be like this.”
She looked up at him and smiled, then she looked at me.  "No," she said, "You need water." She got up.
“Oh?”
I reclaimed my cup, drained it as directed.  Enhanced mead consumed, I rephrased my question.  “Can you tell me why?”
Sherlock shipped the oars and seized the spear.  My stomach sank when I saw him stand, stance wide for balance in the rocking boat.
“Transmutation?  The alchemist’s dream?”
“Molly?”  She looked so different out of her lab coat.
“But you wished to have the specimen again,” Sherlock said.
After we had traced the pattern of our dance once on the floor, I knew something was wrong. Our lines were there, I could see them, but they had little light where they crossed and not a single leaf sprouted from any of them.  I had asked why, but Sherlock had merely shaken his head, leaning more of his weight upon me. I hadn’t had time to think it through, but he was losing the ability to stand and some instinct told me that he shouldn’t fall across our design, that the little we had laid down was at least some protection.  So, I brought him to his knees in the centre where our steps hadn’t fallen and hoped I could re-enforce the pattern on my own.
“Offended?” Holmes enquired with an arched brow.
“Maybe they didn’t use a London paper,” I suggested.
When the thirteenth note sounded, Kit resumed his place by the balustrade and sang -
Whatever part of the beast hit the bottom of the skiff then, it made the boat boom like a drum.  The next impact was not as strong, but was followed by a scrabbling sound on the hull.
"Somewhere else perhaps," he said, leaning forward.  Another powerful stroke broke us to the centre of canal.
The man on the pavement whimpered, covered in foam.
Orange-tinged shadows flickered over the walls.
The door opened on the gloom of the foyer.  Against my thigh, I felt the rippling muscles of a powerful shoulder as Chapalu slipped past me.  She veered sharply right.  Baskerville whined at the mirror into which she had disappeared.  I stared at the mighty trunks of trees between which she weaved until a low-lying mist had obscured her form and only the reflection of my wondering face and Baskerville’s mournful one remained.
Holmes reached behind him for his tobacco and pipe and began preparing it.
“I was hoping you would come with me,” Corvus said upon hearing Billy’s instructions.
Holmes returned the notebook to him.  “I have read your most recent entries.  Dr Watson and I agree to accompany you to the funeral service at the abbey this afternoon and thereafter to the solicitor’s office.  Is it the family physician that you fear encountering at one or the other of those gatherings?”
“I couldn't decide between describing the injuries as psychogenic or supernatural, so I didn’t offer any explanation,” John said, “and he didn’t ask.”
“As tightly as a moth in its cocoon, you will be bound,” Sherlock whispered above the moist skin.  He nipped and suckled and yet there were more words that insisted on being said.  “But unlike a moth’s threads, yours will never break and you will never emerge.”
Sherlock leaned close, his curls brushing my forehead as we watched the metal melt like spring snow.  Next to my skin, warmth spread, akin to the feel of a hot mug of tea on a blustery morning.  The outlines of the stones under the softening gold grew less distinct until they had dissolved altogether.  The heat increased.
“It looks like a beaver dam,” I said, following him along the path to it nearly hidden by the long grass.
“Right,” I said, swiping the bag with the dominoes off the table and holding it out to her.  “Take these.”
The door to my bedsit was open when I caught up. I shut it and felt in my pocket for my keys.  They were not there.
“Drink,” I whispered and wanted to kiss his blood-stained mouth.
Sherlock pulled me lower still.  My knees buckled and I half fell on him.  I slid down to sit on the floor.  My head was on his shoulder, his on mine.  One of his arms was around me.  It was a parody of dancing, a still life, except for the rise and fall of our backs as we pulled in air, and the knife in my outstretched hand.
Sherlock tossed his bundle of oak branches high above my head.
Mycroft sighed.
The little boy looked down at the man, cheering him on with beckoning gestures.
“Even those,” I agreed solemnly, then tilted my head to the side and looked at where his kneeling position had caused the legs of his trousers to ride up and expose his slender ankles.  “Only yours, Sherlock,” I added.
I had nearly reached him when he began to softly sing a tune I knew well and faded into a patch of shadow.  Past where he had been I could see further along the bank to where a stout stone tower rose from the corner of a stone platform.  Firelight illuminated the base of the tower.  I whistled as quietly as I could and hoped that I, too, could no longer be seen because two figures with torches rounded the tower and sauntered to the edge of the platform to scan the shoreline.  The sound of the water made it difficult to be certain, but I thought they might be conversing.
“I’ve more work to do,” he murmured.
“They are saucy,” Mrs Hudson agreed, “but I lived through the ‘60s.  Very little shocks me.”
“Ah, those would be the parakeet feeders.”
And so I had returned once more to the library, with an expanded pharmacological aspect to my informal research objectives.  It was from these labours I had finally risen, stiff of neck and numb of buttocks, and decided I could make my way up to the roof and back without getting lost and having to summon Mrs Hudson from her slumbers.  It was approaching midnight and out the window I could see that the moon was just cresting the housetops.  The sky was clear and as far as I could hear, there was no wind.  All seemed auspicious for my journey.
“It was an original way to set the hour of our meeting,” I remarked as I followed.
A faint tremor ran through me.  “Why were you waiting?”
I heard a slithering.
I could hear the mounting tension in his voice.
“…but this last will be the most important one.  If we do it right, anything they try will fail, anything they have cast will be broken.”
I shook my head; not if Sherlock chose to leap over it rather than open a gap in it.  Maybe why I wanted to get through mattered.
“Good, that’s settled then.”  She pulled the basket up onto the table and began packing the other pots away.
"There should be lanterns on the bridges, for a while anyway."  He lifted one oar out of the water and we turned slightly.
Strong arms closed about me from behind.  A long finger pressed against my lips, a long cock nestled in the ridge of my back. His voice at my ear was no louder than the rustle of a dried leaf.  “Do you want to join them?” he asked and one of his hands stroked the proof of my interest.  “There’s still a place around the oak.”  He dropped his hand from my mouth, to spread it below my heart.  He held me firmly against him, his spine flexing in time to the jingling of the bells.
John guided Sherlock down, smoothed his hand along the long back, up and out over the wings.  Down was sprouting on the bumpy flesh.  John kissed the base of the wings, along the back to the swell of the buttocks that were still swaying in the air.  He rubbed his cheek against them and sighed, licked his fingers and explored further.
“I’ve wanted my own copy for years.  The reading room hours are far too limited.”
His hand caressed my balls, nudged my thighs apart.  His fingers stroked the skin between my legs, behind my balls; his tongue flicked over the skin of my throat.
“So this is what you do?” I asked, without opening my eyes.
“I adapted another one of Zhen's compositions for the violin,” Sherlock said, instead of answering.  “Would you like to hear it?”
“You got a little of it when your dragon bit you after biting mine.”
“John, dear boy, what can we get you?” Mrs Hudson said when I reached the upper kitchen itself.
“No honour among the malevolent, John.”
“For the moment,” Sherlock said.  “How are you at catching?”
“Well, that was a rather good display of power,” John said.
John considered the carvings along the edges of the sideboard.
I lifted it out of the water, rested it on my knee and inspected the instep.  The whole foot was no longer red, just a circle around the wound about the size of a fifty pence piece.
Her friend leaned closer.  “I wonder if they’re wearing them now.”
It would seem.
Yeah.
The ballroom resplendent with the flames of hundreds of candles reflected endlessly in the mirrors and night-dark glass of the long walls.  Music floated down from the gallery: harp and violin and pipe.  Our music.
The sky growled.  The clouds flashed.  Lightning struck the water.
The sound I heard was applause.
Sherlock sat by the steps leading down to the toilets and up to the roof.  He touched the mead to his lips and grimaced.  It was never sweet enough.  He spilled some on the table, left a two-pound coin in the puddle and went up the stairs.
“I should see to that,” I said firmly, the last traces of my dizziness disappearing.
I reached out to touch, pinched a cluster of leaves.  They fell to pieces, leaving only a hint of a fragrance behind.  I sniffed my gloves.  It was stronger on them.
Sherlock raced before me, a streak of flame in the darkness.
She smiled.  “But when you get a good result, it’s very satisfying.”
She took it from me, tilting it towards the floor lamp to get more light on it and murmuring as she read.  “Most of these are growing up on the roof.  You should have Billy or Archie help you locate them though because they’re all over the place and it would take you too long to find them on your own.”  She started tapping her lips again.  “Ah, this one grows down by the river stairs.  You’d best go out the windows in the ballroom to get there.  They like very wet ground and you may have to search for a while because the swans and the geese like to eat them.”
His interest kindled mine and I returned to the pages of ornate script eager to find information that would fuel it further and shortly I read out the following:
“Hmm.”  Sherlock picked up his sandals.  The wings opened half-way and closed again.  He put one foot up on the edge of the window seat and began lacing them up.  “Yours are there,” he said and tilted his head towards the corner of the seat.  “With a sack for your plants.”
The glow of my lines brightened; Sherlock’s remained mere shimmers on the parquet.  I had attempted to reinforce his, but the tips of my toes touching one line had produced the scent of burning leaves.  I lifted my foot and kept to my lines.  If I couldn’t strengthen his, I’d re-enforce mine with enough passion for the two of us.  I hoped that could work.  I hoped it with a passion.  I danced it with a passion that felt remarkably like fear.
“I heard that sound and turned just as the swan began his landing in the water beside the boat.  He never settled into the water, just kept running over the surface alongside us, wings extended, and neck stretched so his head reached into the boat. He bit Alan on the arm and hit him with one of his wings.  Alan raised an oar, but the swan wouldn’t stop.  Alan was trying to fend him off without hurting him, but it wasn’t working.  The swan was hissing and thwacking.  I told Alan to duck under the seat and I threw a tarpaulin over him, all the time talking to Prince.”
I complied.  As simple as the tune was, it was a pretty little air that sounded sweet as I repeated it with more assurance.  I was smiling at the end of it, then  I shivered a bit and turned to the wall.  The panel was wide open again.
John took the note, noticed the suitcase by Mrs Hudson’s side.  “Right,” he said, “off to your sister’s this week.”  He reached for the case.  “Let me get that for you.  I think your cab’s already outside.”
Sherlock’s fingers opened and closed like a fan, his hand bending at the wrist above its white ruffle, the rest of his arm invisible in its black sleeve against the black cloak.
She clicked her fingers together and twirled away.
“Thank you, sir,” he replied, grinning from ear to ear.  “I never thought I’d have the chance to do that tonight!”
We moved another step closer.
“One for you,” she said, handing a silver flask to Sherlock.
“Ah,” Sherlock said, getting up from the kitchen table.  “Let’s see if we can reassure her about Ms Swann, so she doesn’t contact any authorities about her concerns.  Suggest a meeting in Avenue Gardens.  That’s close to the zoo.”  He looked out the window.  The light was almost gone.  “It will have to be tomorrow.  Say, one or two in the afternoon.  Let her pick.”
As Sherlock played on, the melody dipped lower and John shivered.  It was the same reaction he had when Sherlock lowered his voice.  The initial pleasantries over, the song had become one of seduction.  Now, he understood Ms Swann’s reluctance to have it played.
“After a hot shower, I’ll be better company,” I said as I went out the door.
I thought about the enigmatic man in the room, with his laboratory, his abstruse monographs and his loyal hellhound.  I tried not to think of his long, graceful fingers.  Perhaps just one life could be enough.
He wondered about the glue he had used on the key pads.  The odour had been mild; he could still smell it a bit.  Was it a hallucinogen?
Sherlock bent for some reason.
She sat back in her chair, beaming.  “Well, that was a stroke of luck!  She spied the pile of cards in front of me.  “And I was right about it being a box for cards.”  She pulled one from the top of my pile before I could stop her.  “Lovely design.  I don't think these have been printed.”  She turned the card this way and that in the light from the window.  “Look at the gold on them and the colours, like enamel.”  She tilted the card again.  “It’s one of those optical illusions.  They make me a bit seasick, you know, when the lines seem to be moving.”
John snatched it off the ground.
I spread my hand over the side of Sherlock’s head.
“Why?  We’re here now.  This way you don’t ever have to come back.  You can post them the keys or I can send Wiggins with them.”
“There are several layers of enchantment on this,” Sherlock said, turning the cup slowly in the worms' glow.
Sherlock swallowed.  “It was at the kerb awaiting rubbish collection.  A vault under the pavement was almost certainly its previous resting place since few houses in this area have cellars and you’re quite right about an underground location being necessary to produce that odour.”  He took another bite of the apple.
“How soon?” I asked.
“Safe passage through their waters for my ship.”
A minute later, John’s phone chirped.  Eyes still riveted upward, John fished his mobile out of his pocket.
I panted until it withdrew.  The puncture wounds bled slowly. The dragon licked up the droplets and resumed biting its comrade.  My wounds closed.
Sherlock shook his head.  “They went through the woods.  It’ll be quicker.  Moonrise isn’t far off.”
The little boy lay down on the top of the fire, stretched his hand out towards the woman.  She clasped it when she was close enough and mounted the last part a little less slowly.
“Although there are references to your playing the violin on Doctor Watson’s blog, I had no idea that you were such an accomplished musician,” Ms Swann said.
And when I danced alone, I felt clay and chalk, rock and earth through my soft shoes, instead of the parquet I knew was there.  Tambours sounded and I danced to their rhythm, over swords, crossed and gleaming, and the heads of my rivals bowed lower each time I touched the ground with toe or heel.  I saw their grasping hands fall to their sides, their backs hunch and their robes hang like limp rags.  Over their stooped shoulders, I saw your eyes upon me and when you smiled I stomped the earth with my whole foot and those that would have you in my stead, crumpled to dust and blew away.
I scanned the sitting room.  The desk had sprouted newspapers and post in our absence.  They could wait.  Whatever Sherlock had needed to stop to talk to Mrs Hudson about apparently couldn’t.
He huffed a little laugh.  “No.  There are a lot of things you’ll be able to do after tonight.  Pledging - betrothal, changes people…or so the songs say.”
My hand tightened on the crossbow and I leaned towards him.  “God, yes,” I said.
"They know him.  He's done this before. Their staff had it packed up and carried out of here faster than I would have thought possible," she said.  "He charms them."
I drew in a sharp breath.
His hands slid from my hair.  One gripped my shoulder, the other massaged my neck, firm, steady.
The voices of the guests were lost to us when the driver closed the carriage door.  He mounted the wheel and sprang to his bench atop the vehicle, his seated form lit by the flickering green lights of the carriage lanterns.  He called to his team in a high, sharp voice that carried clearly across the water.
I must have looked a bit surprised.
Siròc launched herself into the air.  The tigress and Baskerville got to their feet, gave me a look and started walking towards the bridges.
So, I played.
John’s other arm reached out blindly and gripped so hard it hurt.
I edged nearer.
," Sherlock explained.
“And that’s when you began seeing the man,” Sherlock began, “no…you’d seen him elsewhere before, hadn’t you, Ms Swann?”
Corvus looked up from his reverie and stared at Braithewaite’s expectant face.  “Yes,” he said with a start, as though the words were just then reaching his brain.  “Yes,” he repeated and sat up straighter.  “Mr Holmes and Doctor Watson are going to help me fulfil Roderick’s wishes; they must hear everything you have to say to me.”
I nodded.  He smiled against my ear, kissed it once, then twice beneath it, then lower still.  He sucked hard at the flesh at that juncture and his hand tightened on me.
My blood grew warmer still.
I considered; sent a signal to my limbs that received no response.  “No.”
It had been a good holiday with a few mates from the medical corps who had no compelling reasons to dash back to Britain every time they had leave.  We were more than halfway down the list of entertainments the resort had to offer, when a feral dog bit Murray and the two of us left early to get the necessary tests done.  We had regretted missing the scuba diving.
Cradling the pot next to my chest with one arm, I opened the door to the kitchen hallway.  Once past it, I took the pot again into both my hands and traversed the short distance to the lift door as though I were balancing on a tight rope.
Sherlock let the knocker fall. The resulting sound was surprisingly loud.
He smiled faintly.  “I came to find you to ask for your help, Doctor,” he said.
John stopped playing.
I nodded and gazed upwards, saw the shadowy outline of vines hanging from the roof.  I was running out of new adjectives to express my surprise and amazement.  It was going to take me weeks to learn basic navigation of the house’s eccentricities, which I suspected had been designed with an intent to thwart interlopers.
John tilted his head and wrote, “All in black, of course.”  Why had no one sent him the memo about the dress code.
“Once the lecture series is finished, we’ll go to Marsailles and take ship north.  It’ll be too warm for Florence until the autumn, whereas midsummer in Norway is quite delightful.  Hardly any night at all.  And we will resort to the sauna if the evenings are too cool for you.  You will like that.”
“Nectar,” he murmured, “honey.”
“She walked to the table.  Her garments were so long, she appeared to glide over the carpet.  She rested a hand on the back of a chair and called Mary’s name.  ‘Mrs Watson’, she’d said and Mary had gone and sat.  Madame Willow went around the table like that and when we were all seated, she sat in the chair with its back to the closed curtains, with Mary to her right and the older gentleman, whose name I learned was Morrow, to her left.  His wife was next to him and then the two younger women, who turned out to be sisters, named Knight, spinsters who had taken care of their elderly parents until their deaths.  Then, there was Kate, with me between her and Mary.”
“Just what's visible now. That corner of the king’s card is emptier than it should be if the image were occupying its usual place.”
If I had not had a deadline, I could have happily spent the rest of the day up there in the outdoor gardens or in one of the conservatories that maintained different climates for non-native plants.   There had even been an apiary and a pigeon roost.  Mrs Hudson had proudly explained that it was inhabited by carrier pigeons some of whose forebears had delivered messages during both the world wars and earlier conflicts as well.  I had noted the bands the birds wore above their feet and as we walked away had mentioned that I thought war pigeons had been made obsolete by modern communications.  Mrs Hudson had gravely advised me not to repeat that within earshot of the birds.
“Well, Madeleine wasn’t like Redbeard, shifting shapes since childhood.  She didn’t find out she could change until she was in her thirties…”
In my view, they were worthy of Kew Gardens, although I have not been there since I was a child so my memories were little more than vague impressions of lush foliage and towering glass roofs.  The Manor’s conservatories, as distinguished from a couple small nurseries I saw tucked into nooks by chimney pots and filled mostly with seedlings or pots yet to sprout, were more than two storeys high and complete with trees.  One, which Mrs Hudson identified as the tropical one, was very humid and the other pleasantly warm one catered to the sub-tropical plants.  There were white spiral staircases to viewing galleries and lower areas with wide half walls where one could sit and marvel without falling over when one had craned one’s neck back too far.
My lip curled.
Siròc circled far above the flames, a dark silhouette crossing the moon.
I came in and shut the door.
He watched as I took them in.
I cleared my throat.  “Yes,” I said and raised my hands to undo the cuff of the wrist nearest me.  He was holding his arms palm up and the sleeve drooped from his forearm revealing the tender skin of the underside and the blue tracery of his veins.  I could see no wounds there.
Yeah, but it doesn’t usually smell this good.
There was a lanky fellow leaning against the fence in front of 221B.  Sherlock handed him some notes and told him to pay the cabbie when everything was unloaded and breezed inside.
“Actually, Mycroft named him.  He was his dog before I was born.”
Apparently not.
I glanced towards the balcony doors.
I don’t know.  The manuscript was silent on this point as well as about what pot to use.
“Says it’s an eight.”
“When are we?” I asked.
“Didn’t envy you that task, mate,” Greg said.
He gestured with a skewer.  “Come eat.”
If it is, I refuse to rouse myself from it, for it is here on Baker Street with Sherlock Holmes that I wish to dwell.  Here, where his music curls up the stairs like smoke.  Here, where I leave my door ajar for it.  And here, where if I awake at night with a cry from a desperate scramble up a stony defile, his music can quell the roar of falling water and lull me gently into dreamless repose.
I felt a cold drop on my nose.  Scowling, I held out my hand.  A few flakes landed on my palm and melted.
Sherlock rubbed his cheek against my thigh and let out a sigh.  That felt good, too.
I stopped, hand grasping the edge of the velvet.  “I hear bells,” I murmured.
I returned my attention to his left arm, rolled the dressing gown sleeve a couple times to keep it out of the way.  My fingertips brushed his bicep.  Sherlock’s skin is very smooth and almost opalescent in its pallor.  The urge to feel the softness with my lips was strong.  I tore open the packet, prepared the skin and the needle and sank it into the flesh at the bend of the elbow instead.
Mrs Hudson’s step was audible upon the stair.  Holmes went to advise her of my preferences. I took another sip of the tea.  It was a different flavour from the previous day and from the day before that.  Indeed, I don’t think a single pot has been the same since I took up residence again in our old lodgings.  Perhaps Holmes had brought some rare supply back with him.  Or, sent it on to his brother for safe-keeping.  Someday, I may get over my resentment at Mycroft Holmes having been his confidante rather than me.  Someday.
I glanced towards him, my grip on the bannister lessening.
“I’m thirsty,” Sherlock said.
What a small creature I was, seen from that height, but the rest of the view was vast – I could see all the way down to the river and further still.  The night hid nothing from me, not the glimmer of the water in the starlight nor the outline of the South Downs beyond.  And in the woods to the north and east and west, I could see the nests of squirrels and birds and the flitting of bats and owls.  They were not asleep, but many were.  Waking or dreaming, they were all waiting for the warmth to return, for the new green to sprout from the ash of the fire.
“There is a practice range for firearms in the sub-basement.  Soundproofed, of course.  It’s best not to alarm the neighbours unnecessarily, although I do occasionally,” he said.
“Two can play at this,” I said aloud and my arms wrapped about him.  I thrust upward with one hip and rolled us over.
He crouched down and took my wrist.  “You’re sure?”
Another horn complained.
“I didn’t see any photographs on your desk,” Holmes said.
This time there was the merest hint of an upward curl on one side of his lips.  He had understood.
Be quiet.
Culvert followed my line of sight and frowned at the upright blade.  “You can’t feel well.”  He snickered.  “Sherlock is fading away as we speak.  See how pale and wan he is.”
He was brushing his parted lips along the length of me, hardly touching, his breath cool, the tip of his tongue inquisitive.
It was more than a decade since his grandparents had died, one winter after the other, the news coming both times over a bad telephone connection when he was too far away to return for the funerals.  John supposed his mother had given most of their things away long ago, and that those she had not would have been dispersed when she died.  Harry had kept very little.  But that any of them could have made their way to the particular antique shop into which he had wandered was hard to imagine.
“But if he’s alive?  People have survived stranger injuries.”
Sherlock inhaled sharply and shut his eyes.
“You’ll win.  I can’t swim as fast as you. Yet.”
I drew back, dusted off my hands and shook my head.
I’m alert where I need to be.
My spine tingled.
Disadvantaged by the strong lighting in the laboratory, I strained to find the source of the voice in the dim recesses of the library.  What I could see through the window was that the moon had risen and shone bright between the chimney pots.  A movement at the edge of the shadows caught my eye.  A tall figure glided into the moonlight, his face as pale as it, his form merging with the darkness on one side, outlined by firelight on the other.  A long-fingered hand appeared and then another.  The figure approached, gloves in hand, his features growing clearer as the light of the laboratory enveloped him, revealing the fine contours of his face and the cool gleam of his eyes.
“Very well,” Mycroft said.  “I owe you two for this affair.”
Both Sherlock’s hands fluttered above his head; spread wings above the solemn mask of his face.  The white of his shirt showed where his doublet was undone; a line leading down, opalescent in the moonlight.
“The wool was the colour of your eyes.”
“But you didn’t,” Sherlock said.
You are a troublemaker.
There were several other heads:  profile, three-quarters, looking up, looking down.  There were quite a few of the last.  I suppose I had seen him like that most often, looking at his phone, his laptop, a book, a file.  It had always given me a chance to look.  His lashes cast shadows on his cheeks.
“Yes.  Shh.  Don’t move.”  He didn’t look up from his endeavour.
Back at the front, I flung myself at the stacked wood, hands scrabbling for a handhold, one foot already pressing down on a large timber near the bottom.
It was arranged formally with pebbled paths edged with glass bricks between the flower beds that converged on a fountain whose central column spouted a gentle fall of water over its stone garlands.  There was a smell of herbs in the air.  The high walls must provide shelter from the cold and the wind, because only the rose bushes, a vine running up the wall and a few small trees in the corners were leafless.  The moon was directly above us by then and it silvered the foliage of the sturdier plants and shrubs.  I ran my hand along the top of one and it came away smelling of rosemary.  There were other aromatic plants obscured by the dark whose scents I could not separate from the heady whole.
In the blue shadows, the sounds of the lobby faded away.  My footsteps echoed.  We’d come here on a date once, Mary and I.  She’d suggested it, seemed to know its twists and turns well.  My feet remembered.  I’d just passed the dark corner where we’d had a quick snog when I heard the gun shot.  I went ice cold and ran.
On the ground, her son clung to his companion, or sibling, his head on their shoulder.  And then, he looked up.  The elderly woman was standing on top, one hand on the little boy’s shoulder.
I ran the tip of my forefinger along the longest pipe.  There was a hill top, windy at dusk.  My finger jumped away.  I considered the next pipe, rubbed my fingertip along it.  The edge of a quiet lake.  I exhaled and touched the next.  A grove of trees, shady at midday.
"Sherlock," Lestrade called, "John.  Up here."
The image that I had in mind for this setting is from Corot's Bacchanal at the Spring, which can be viewed at Wikicommons
"Stop," Sherlock said.
"What's taking that cart so long?" Lestrade asked.
“Good,” I replied and knelt down to retrieve Sherlock’s phone from where it had caught in the crossed straps of a harness.  I slipped it into my pocket.
Wiggins lit two torches.  Bert emptied a bucket of water onto the fire.  The fire hissed.  He emptied another.  The darkness edged closer.
John was limping towards his bed, undoing the buckle of his belt.
“Brilliant, are you?” John asked.
“They did, after sliding an embroidered shawl across the table – a favourite garment of their mother we were told because the Misses Knight had decorated it as a birthday present for her when they were girls.
“I can come back in the morning,” I called.
“I have no choice but to attend and I can’t do it alone.  Not anymore.”  He turned back towards the target.
“Where we’re going.”
“My parents,” Sherlock grumbled and nudged me forward.  “They are not patient.”
“Not at all.”  He had my arm again.  “You didn’t grow up coming here.  Also, no one saw you.”  He hummed a few bars.
“Puck had best beware.  She’s unlikely to forget this incident quickly,” Sherlock said.
Before I knew I knew him.  Satisfied?
I hummed a bit of the tune as I snuggled closer to him, nose under his ear, arm under his so I could stroke along his back.  I breathed him in, him and the scents of whatever he had been working on.
We rattled up closer to him and stopped.
“Why is it fascinating?” the man asked.  He had reached the corner of the lab table.
I placed my hand against the dark oak of the door, the heel of my palm brushing against one of the long iron hinges.
He reached between my legs and under my balls.  “Ah.  I thought the draught I gave you would give you some relief.”
Sherlock turned.  “Where are they?”
She took my empty salad dish away, set a covered dish before me and lifted the dome off.
I dropped my sword against the seat, flung off my cloak and pulled the crossbow from my back.
I was damp and fragrant as I stared out the balcony doors and rubbed the towel over my hair.  The moon was high enough to brighten the upper half of the courtyard’s eastern side.  The bare branches of the climbing vines cast gnarled shadows on the wall.  The garden below was dark except for the glitter of the fountain’s spray and a few gleams on the wet curves of the statues surrounding the central pillar.
Through the other doors, the guests followed, Cock One in the fore.
I looked more carefully around the room, this strange, deep room, with Sherlock’s head heavy against my thigh as he slept.  There were uneven lines in the grey walls, like the rings of a tree trunk, only vertical.
Sherlock held out his hand and I dropped them in.
There was a shadow in the fire.  The flames licked about it, outlined it.  It grew more distinct.  A tall figure in a dark robe twirled in the flames.  The robe flared as they turned.  The figure held out their arms and ran towards the tree.
I opened my mouth for more.
I didn’t move, my eyes fixed on his in the mirror.
“Come down here,” I begged, for I needed his lips against mine again.
Against my chest, Sherlock breathed shallowly.
"Do you want any of the silver?" I asked.
Sherlock flung a black cloth over his shoulder.  In a couple deft movements, he drew two sides together at one hip, pinned it and did the same at the other hip.
Would have been handy to have been warned of that.
Sherlock hovered above John’s chest, started to bite while in the air.  The pink flesh was fine, easier to pierce.  He took small sips all the way around and then a long drink from the middle.  He had gone dry even while they spoke and John’s blood was better than nectar.
“Can’t stay upright,” Sherlock said.
I tilted my head to listen for the crunch of Sherlock's footsteps and when I heard them, followed as quietly as I could.
If the food was any good, I thought it would be handy having it right on the doorstep.
John ran a hand over his face and down his neck.  It was supposed to help him wake up and get up, but everywhere he touched tingled pleasantly.  He glanced at his watch.  It was only ten; he had a little time.  His hand wandered lower.
I sighted along the bolt channel towards the spot where they had ceased.  I felt the skiff rock very slightly as Sherlock turned to face in the same direction as me.
“I wish I was.”
He drew in a breath.
Sherlock moved across John's chest.  His tongue was not as delicate an instrument as a moth’s sting, but he applied it with intensity.  The waver in John’s respiration was a fine reward.
“We’ll have a proper sheath made, but for now, we may have to improvise.  This one is to be worn inside your clothing.  This one’s not for others to see.  She’s always a surprise.”
Reaching across the table, she plucked a scrap of newspaper from my hair. “They must have brought that box from some other house,” she said, staring at it.
“Yes, I envied him his cap, but I was annoyed that I couldn’t see his face clearly.  Generally, I was annoyed that day.”
“Good, good,” Mike said.
, which is rarely associated with any kind of hallucination, although research is ongoing.  Also, our exposure has been short…”  He looked up from his microscope.  “…mainly due to the intervention of the resident physician.  What did you do with the clothes you were wearing this morning?”
I looked up at Sherlock.  He shrugged and leaned down.  “He still doesn’t know about the other extra bits,” he whispered in my ear.
“Not too eccentric?” he asked.
Holmes nodded.
The sky was a deep grey, without stars or moon.
"Yes," I replied, not seeing any evidence of our adversary above the water.
Sherlock shook his head.  "She's pregnant.  I didn't have enough to exchange for both of them."
“You have not heard of the House of Usher,” Holmes stated, lowering the flame as the beaker’s liquid began to bubble.  “Their seat is in Usher Fell in the Lake District; if I had not known, the description would have informed me.  They have a manor house in the City, adjoining the Roman Wall, north of the Tower, one that did not burn in the Great Fire.  The funeral service will be in their crypt in the oldest part of the abbey where the pre-Norman foundations of the former monastery have endured.”
I capped the flask and tucked it away.
I placed the matching tart from my plate into my mouth, to excuse my dumbstruck condition.  Then I understood why she had closed her eyes.
He stepped around her, set the mug down and turned on the cold tap.  He poured the tea down the drain and refilled the mug with water.
“I’ve a bottle of champagne set aside for when she does settle back in,” he said.
“Not exactly.  I told her you needed a special diet.  I gave her a few guidelines and instructed her to keep track of what pleased you, how you reacted to different dishes.  She rather liked the idea.  She’s never developed her full potential either, her real gift isn’t for dance, although she has a minor talent for it and for music as well.  No, her real gift is botanical.  She’s assisted me sometimes, and there’s serious potential there.  You got her focussed on it again.”
My thumbs traced the dimples at the bottom of his back.  I didn’t want to move them away
There was a restful silence in my head as I transferred food to my plate then held the nearer bird in place with a fork while deciding which section I wished to cut into first.
I patted my pockets.  No mobile.
“It’s only nine,” Mrs Turner replied.
He capered about the tree, jingling and laughing up into its branches or peering into the surrounding woods by turn, his cock bouncing to the rhythm to which he beat his drum.
“The handle is oak and the quillons rosewood,” he said and he sounded proud.
I gathered the cards spread out before me into a pile and turned them over.  “The key was in the box.”
I hummed at the door leading from the front hallway to the rear of the ground floor.  It’s locked at night.  I’ve meant to ask why, but I always get distracted by the food or the conversation or both.  For a long while now, that hasn’t stopped me.  I’ve become very good at locks.
She did, her feet slapping against the water, the tips of her wings skimming through it.”  Out of the corner of her eye, she saw her mate doing the same.
He stepped closer and put a hand on my shoulder.
Chapalu was sniffing and licking Baskerville, growling low between swipes.  He had stopped whining.
I looked around the glade.  No one was tending the fire.  Lit by its dying glow, two figures moved on the grass.   The one beneath had their legs about the other's shoulders.  I could hear their breathing between the drum beats, the gasp and the pant and the grunt.
“That one particularly,” Sherlock said.
The curtains were drawn, the logs in the fire burning steadily atop a mound of hot ash, and I was plucking with pleasingly increased fluidity, the music for the mending of injured bones, when Mrs Hudson breezed into the library with a tea tray.
John suckled leisurely and Sherlock let his head fall back.
Sherlock didn’t respond.  He had a map of shipping lanes up on his computer.
His long fingers glowed in the dim light.  He rubbed them past his thumb.  “Very long ago.”  His garment trailed on the floor.  He rested his hand on his bared thigh.
“Right.”
“Martha…Molly…,” John murmured, shaking his head.
My eyes were back to saucer-size and I turned away.
“I am well.  No curse could touch me.  I am, in fact, indestructible,” Sherlock replied.
At the park fence, Baskerville stood with his front paws on the cross bars, wagging his tail while I pulled the chain as quietly as possible through the uprights of the two halves of the gates to get at the padlock that held it closed.  I angled it to the light of a streetlamp and did not think the house key was a match at all, but when I touched the shaft of the key to the lock, it slipped in easily and turned equally so.  The heavy lock dropped and one end of the chain fell to the ground.  I looked anxiously from side to side, but the footpath remained empty as I pushed one side of the gate inwards.  Baskerville jumped through the opening, dragging me by the lead I had looped about my wrist.  I whistled and heard the gate clang shut as Baskerville galloped northwest along the lake and I ran behind him, waiting for an irate park constable to hove into view with each step.  None did.
…in lavender.
“Yes, sir,” Kit replied, walking around the fire.  “Not easy to light the path and carry that branch all the way up to the hill.  I can light the way for you.  I’m a good torch-bearer.”
Sherlock held a hand out, moved his fingers as though conducting a tune.  “Have a weapon to hand.  Culvert isn’t likely to be pleased when he can see more clearly once the sparks die down.”
The insect clicked, brushed its antennae over the base of John’s thumb.
I rubbed my free hand across my face.  The backs of the rings were hard, cool and very real against my skin.  I peeked between my fingers.  The cloud was still drizzling on him, a warm rain I supposed because he didn’t appear chilled.  His lips were drawn in.  I hadn’t meant to offend him.
It shot throw me then, a lust so intense I fell back on the cushions.
Mycroft opened a drawer beneath the table and took out a heavy silver tray which he placed in the table’s centre.  Beside it he set a vial of rock crystal with a silver-clad stopper and lastly the acorn cap with the key.  He inclined his head at Sherlock.
I chuckled.
I shook my head gently.
“What…”  I sat up straighter.
John looked up from the open mouths of the waterfowl he was feeding and saw Ms Swann hurrying along the path on the other side of the boating lake.  The rest of the slice of bread he was holding was pulled out of his hand.
“They don’t always work,” Sherlock added.
As a student, what I used for my work was a small tin with eight colours plus a black and a white pencil.  I got full marks for my lab reports and my anatomy course work was a thing of beauty.
“Interesting choice of verb,” he said.
neatly inscribed and dated below them.  The style of writing was a relic from an era when people prided themselves on their penmanship.  The dates were ones from his grandfather’s boyhood.
Holmes did not acknowledge my return, intent on some minute measurement of a fluid he was dropping into a simmering beaker.
I sniffed the steam from the tea and closed my eyes.  A wall of roses unfurled their petals, golden in the sunshine.  A breeze plucked at their petals, blowing some towards me.  One landed in my palm.  I rubbed my fingertip over the pale velvet of it and took a deep breath.  Rose entered me.  I sighed and opened my eyes.
That certainly had not been on my resumé, but if he could access my bank account, why not my medical history?
“They all are now,” Mycroft replied.
I nodded.  “Smaller trees fell that night.”
“More’s the pity.”  I tucked the knife in my hand back into my sleeve and bent to pull my silver dagger from the floor.  My serpent took the opportunity to leap onto my shoulder.  A moment later, I felt it coiling about my throat.  “It’s not true, what he said about the poison being in your blood, is it?”
“Would you like to see?” Mr Holmes asked.
That had silenced me and made me think of my middle name.  Not Hamish, although I avoid using that as much as I can anyway because I’ve never liked it, but the other one, the one my nan used to call me when she sang me to sleep or looked after me when I was sick.  Come to think of it, she never said it outside, except once, when I was about to cross the lane that curved round the side and front of the house to retrieve a ball.  I had stopped, almost mid-step, so surprised was I to hear her say it, just as a car crested the hill and roared past in a fog of exhaust, making my clothes flap about me.  It had flattened my ball.  I was furious about that and had turned to express my outrage to my nan, but she was at the door of the cottage, beckoning to me.  The front garden was large, full of shrubs and flowerbeds; she would have needed to shout for me to have heard her so clearly from where she was, but she hadn’t shouted.  She’d said my name quietly and firmly just by my ear.  It had puzzled me, but somehow, she had got me a new ball by teatime and I had forgotten all about it.  Until now.
Sherlock licked pollen off his fingers.
He sighed and looked at it this time and his face brightened.  “Molly’s got a chirrotic liver I can test,” he announced and bounded into the flat.
And the sky had brightened to pale grey by the time I had finished and the bells had begun to toll.
He nodded.  “There is one thing I should tell you though.”
In languid circles I moved them to a tune I was humming, then lifted myself up.  I heard Sherlock’s head bump against the wall and leaned forward until I found his lips in the dark, and slowly, slowly sank down again.
Greg nodded.
“Come downstairs by the fire,” Sherlock said.  “The air is chilly and you are hungry.”
“Of course, you do,” I thought, and managed not to say it aloud.  Legend had it that Holmeswood Manor had once sat on an estate that stretched northward all the way to the heath and east past the borders of what became the Regent’s Park.  What its other boundaries were supposed to have been I had never heard precisely, but tunnels and underground rivers were involved.
He snuffled against my hand and licked it.
“I’m good at picking locks.”
Not wanting to look a prat.  Although I may already have failed at that.
He glanced at me, then returned his attention to whatever metallic thing was in the fire.  He struck again with his hammer.  The metal rang with a beautiful note.
I steadied Sherlock with a hand on his uninjured shoulder and stood.  It took me a long time, as though the air were congealing, and once I was upright, he slumped against my legs and almost overbalanced me.  His knuckles cracked against the floor.  I winced and wanted to bend back down to kiss them.
Behave.
I looked over my shoulder and found Wiggins kneeling near my heels and holding out some creamy-coloured cloth with both hands in such a way that a clear opening gaped, ready for my foot to step through it.  I stepped obligingly and when he held open another circle of cloth, I did it again.  “What are thes…”
Among the trees surrounding the clearing, still others strolled or leaned against the tree trunks in murmuring groups of two or three.
Sherlock turned back to me, one eyebrow up this time.
“See you Monday, then,” John said and shut the door.
Sherlock made a sweeping gesture with his arm.  “Shall we?”
Or water, John adds to his notes.
I plucked the regular pencil I had been using for the crossword out from under the newspaper and drew a right hand.  I didn’t need a reference photo for it either.  I know its length and its language.  I’ve been staring at it and its mate for years.  I drew it palm up under the heart, manicured fingers curving about it, not grasping, just steadying it.  I fit in a couple centimetres of wrist before the paper ran out.  I used the blue end of the pencil on the veins, a touch of pink on the bit of nail that was visible.
“Yes, of course.  Black denim, black long-sleeved shirt open at the collar, black shoes, a black cap, it shaded the top of his face that day.”
We turned and swayed to its commands, in circles or in lines – a bow, a glance, an offered hand – my partners might change while the music played, but, at the very least, I began and ended each dance with Sherlock.
I shook my head.  “No, I don’t want that,” I said and looked from the case in his hands to his eyes.  I winced and my hand flew to my cheek.  While I stared, the scratches scoring his face from his cheekbone to his jaw finished fading away.
He passed his hand over the wall again and a few more pieces fell and he gathered them.  “A mark of favour, John,” he said, adding them to the collection in my palm and stroking my fingers as he took his hand away.
He could leave another part uncovered, sting it only a little, drink from it when it swelled.  John might still shout, but that shouting had a different timbre and there was so much more to drink.  Perhaps John would lie quietly in his silken bonds if Sherlock made him shout like that frequently enough.
I said nothing.
Despite the fire and my cardigan, I shivered.  I rushed to the lab.
She nodded at me.  “You’ll thank me in the morning.  You’ll see,” she added, turning to Kit and tying his scarf around his neck and pulling his cap down so it covered the tops of his ears.  “Sherlock said there are snow clouds coming down from the north and Siròc said there are more coming from the east.  Show me your gloves, Kit.”
When consciousness returned this time, I could smell food – breakfast, to be precise.
“You must get to know Doctor Watson,” my host said soothingly, stepping past me to the animal’s side.
Yes, yes.  I am too often wrong.
My fingers closed around a root, gnarled and thick.  I gripped it tightly.
I watched her until she landed at the top of the huge oak tree.
The actor continued his speech, but my memory replaced his words with those Holmes had uttered to me on the night of his remarkable reappearance.  Words spoken as we peered out the dark window of that empty house upon what appeared to be Holmes's own silhouette on the shade of our sitting room.  I had whispered my amazement at his ruse and he had replied, “I trust that age doth not wither nor custom stale my infinite variety.”
“Ah,” I said as I took the harp in my arms.  Its shoulder fit against mine.  I plucked a string, the rest of the lyrics following fast upon the sound.  I searched for a higher note, then another.  I let the echoes fade away before I plucked a fourth.  I winced and pressed my hand lightly against the strings.
“Not by the pond, but here…”  She gestured towards the windows.  “…I saw him walking along the towpath on the other side, east towards the bridge and then back, but never far beyond here to the west.”
"Who goes there?" a gruff voice called.
Sherlock slipped down John’s chest and applied his tongue to the rose-hued skin there. His words had kept him from John's flesh for too long.
John glanced at Sherlock, then moved aside.
A man moaned on a cot, his face grey, his blankets wet with sweat, his armour a heap of metal on the floor.
He swirled back, sketch pad in hand and stood between the end of the coffee table and me.
“And said, ‘No chains shall sully thee, thy soul of love and bravery.
“Fresh baked rye bread full of caraway seeds.”
I grabbed his hand, bit my lip and kissed the torn skin.  When I drew away, the scratches were gone.  When I looked up, he winked at me, tilted his head towards the river steps and disappeared behind the urn redolent with spring flowers.
I eyed the bee.  It was buzzing deep in the flower.
His coat and jacket were sliding down his arms when I returned.
I stared up at the tree.  Siròc still held vigil.  “What if one dies without family or friends?”
“John,” Sherlock called and I opened my eyes, looked around, remembered where I was.
“Where was this?” I asked, grabbing a sheet of newsprint off the floor and shoving it back into the recycling bag.
I hate when you call me that.
The frequency of my visits had not been motivated solely by the strong likelihood that someone would be present who was eager to feed me, but because the company to be found there was a solace during those hours when Sherlock withdrew to his room to finally sleep or was too engrossed in a problem to be troubled with eating.  I was accustomed to the companionship of others; a lonely meal was an experience being invalided out of the army had revealed to me, but the rooms upstairs, when Sherlock was not awake in them had given me a new understanding of what feeling alone could mean.
People criss-crossed the clearing, disappearing down the paths to the north and the west, past us towards the path south and away from us towards the nearly obscured sunrise in the east.
She shook her head.  “I was listening for something, something more than the sound of the wind and the water.  I threw my head back as I whirled.  Above me, the clouds glowed grey, their edges bright with the light of the moon they were hiding.  I stopped dancing, stood very still, watching the clouds drift, and then I stretched out upon the water, on my back, and drifted with them, between the dark air and the dark water.”
By its locket, he held up a sword in its scabbard.  “And this,” he said.
He shook his head.  The droplets flew, sizzling on his shoulders.  “I’m too hot.  Sit back down, have some tea, it’ll only be a few more minutes before the last of your rings is done and then I'll cool.”  He tilted the bowl towards me and I saw that what he kneaded with his fingers, gleamed.
“There’s a flat package beneath the boxy ones.  That would slow any liquid down considerably, unless it was an acid, of course,” my brain supplied.
The sleeping child had awakened and stood beside his mother, dancing a little from foot to foot, and tugging on her hand.  The woman rose, then bent down and hefted the child to her hip.  He was on the cusp of being too big for her to carry, but he grinned as he clasped his arms around her neck and his feet around her waist.
I looked away from the musicians towards the sound.
“You’re welcome back, you know,” she said.
“God!” I huffed.
“Wrong direction,” Sherlock corrected.
She took it in both her hands, turned it over once.  “Perhaps later.”
I grasped it tightly, feeling the pull of the current on the boat.
I felt a tug at my cloth.  Brambles ensnared the hem.
“Are you seeing this, Sherlock?” John whispered.
In truth, I had been entertaining some notion of being polite to Mike Stamford by following up on his suggestion.  He’d seemed so happy to see me, so pleased at the idea that he might be able to help me out.
His muscles flexed.  He hit the metal and it sang into the darkness.  “Well, now you do.”
“I’m not likely to get lost going down one flight of stairs,” John replied, clasping the forearm.
I held my breath, listening for a sound beneath the music – for the sound of pain.
“What did you tell him?”
Sherlock shut Spring’s window.
“We will see what London yields first,” Holmes said.
I looked where he pointed.  I squinted.
I shut my eyes to not see him bite again.
I am a good kisser…
He slipped from view.  His tongue was cool.
I heard more grumbling and a bolt being lifted.  The door creaked open and the inhabitant peered out, first at me in the light of the lantern and then at Sherlock, still half-hidden in shadow.  The man's expression changed as his gaze travelled up Sherlock's long figure, pausing briefly at the hilt of the sword visible inside the open cloak.  He glanced at me again, noting the weapons I carried as though for the first time.
Sherlock smiled.  “They have a lot of regular customers.  I deduce a few things about them and the owner picks the inoffensive bits and prints them off.  Lǎng serves the two for tuppence cookies to newcomers.”
I stared at his back.
“Thank you.  I do,” John agreed.
The cage descended through the spiral of stone steps.
“You may take your box, Puck, if you wish to use it again,” Oberon said as he and Mycroft resumed their seats.
“You know what you always say about theories before facts,” I admonished.
For an instant, the wan light showed only the exhaustion on John's face and then he smiled back.
“I’m dancing alone on a stage with a black floor polished until it shines like glass.”
I had stopped one step over the threshold.  All the changes assailing my senses at once.
“Did you?” Mrs Hudson asked.
I was impressed at his forbearance, but Holmes has an instinct for when to press and when to give people time.
“Shall I get the paper for you?” he asked, already turning away, dressing gown trailing behind him.
Sherlock glanced up and I followed suit.  “You recognise the view?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and took a seat in the only chair available.  “I haven’t even told you I have the box yet.”  He looked askance at the chair's silver gilt armrests before he planted his elbows upon them.  “Where did you conjure these from and why are you so happy?”
He towelled off, stared in the mirror, rubbing his fingers over his stubbled cheeks.  It had been a hectic three days and there had been a close call.  That was when the dreams came back.  Not the old ones of gunfire and sand, but the newer ones of starless skies and falling.  He lathered, cleared a track through the foam with his razor.  The corner of his mouth twitched.  Usually, Sherlock flew in John’s dreams, his coat billowing out around him like dark wings.  He swooped and soared, seizing culprits with long, pale talons or plucking John out from in front of an oncoming bus or off of a crumbling roof edge.  John lifted his chin, scraped along his jaw.  But when death came too close, when John was almost too late, the dreams where Sherlock fell came and scarlet stained his unfurled wings as he lay broken at John’s feet.
“Why?”
The brambles unhooked themselves, low-hanging branches swung out of our way.
The kettle clicked off.
I swivelled around on the bench and stared at Sherlock.  He lifted his violin to his shoulder and played the melody with some variations.  The music flowed like a stream as he played.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw movement.  The panel in the wall opened a little, then more, then all the way, after which it closed a bit, opened again, closed more and more and then the latch clicked.
Kit smiled and thanked her and tucked it away inside his coat.
Weren't you arguing for architectural tricks, set-back from the façade and so forth?
Blue silk fluttered past my face and the paper next to me was whisked away.
The blood flowed rapidly into the vial, a deep shade of red.  I’d need to add navy blue to re-create the colour.  I slipped the needle out, pressed the square of cotton to the small wound.
I stopped walking, held the instrument with both hands, fingers crossing several pipes and brought them close to my lips.
“I…I’m not trying to excuse my ignorance here mind…I thought maybe they were only needed for tonight.”
I fell to studying the outward features of the building, inspecting its public face with sidelong glances, as if it might be offended if I stared.  The door was black-painted wood inscribed with rectangles, the brass knocker and house numbers well-polished.  It resembled so many doors in London.  The café on the ground floor was closed.  Through the darkened windows, I could see chairs upturned on the closely crowded tables.  I assumed some were put out in front when it was open.  The awning announced that breakfast and lunch were served.  I had no memory of a restaurant being there before, but I’ve been gone a long while.
Sherlock extracted a notebook from his jacket pocket and tossed it in John’s direction.
“Those were body parts,” I murmured.
“More precision, Molly,” Sherlock said.
The man sighed, his brow smoothed.  Someone stretched out a hand.  “His fever broke,” a woman's voice said.
I held the candle higher and was rewarded with more gleams.
“Stella and Isabelle Knight were separated in age from their two older siblings by over a decade.  When they were still children their brother had left for university, then the City, and their sister had married and moved to Edinburgh.  When their father had grown infirm, it had been Stella and Isabelle who had helped their mother look after him and when he died, they had remained to keep her company and in time, look after her.  Their siblings visited now and then, and their brother looked after their financial affairs.  It seemed no one gave any thought to their future beyond their mother’s lifetime, no plans were made to marry them and their household was comfortable enough that no one contemplated possible occupations for them outside their home.  They had a small circle of old friends with whom they sometimes travelled, one at a time we were to understand; they cultivated ‘their little talents’ for music and art, which pleased their parents, and took advantage of the many acceptable diversions for young ladies in London.  And thus, the decades passed.”
Do you hear me arguing?
I shivered violently.
I paused on the front step, hand resting on my computer bag, gun tucked in my waistband, holding a slightly damp carrier bag of toiletries and watched Wiggins slide the suitcases out of the back of the taxi.  “There’re boxes of books in the boot,” I called.  “I could give you a hand.”
He remained gazing into the distance, but he lowered his arms partway and bent them backwards.
“Sherlock?” Greg called from the kitchen.  “John?”
In a moment, Sherlock was back beside me, his hand on my arm guiding me away.  “And now,” he said, so softly I doubted I could be hearing him over the symphony of crickets and fiddles that was possibly in my head, “we must dance for the rest of the evening.  Ready to begin?”
“That’s a criminal offense,” John said.  “One of the many things I’ve learned today.”.
His eyes crinkled.  “A shampoo, a shave, clean teeth…”  He brushed down his chest.  “Maybe a damp flannel gently applied here and there.”
“The serpent is dead,” he stated.
Sherlock descended from the roof to the hallway, wincing at the squawks emerging from the other side of the door.  He folded his scarf around Puck’s box, slipped it behind a few books on the bottom shelf of the bookcase on the landing and crawled under the door.
“A printing error?” Holmes asked without looking up from his position seated on the floor in front of the settee.
A cursory sweep of the room to where Sherlock was pointing, showed a number of scabbards gleaming as brightly as the crowns.  I felt for my daggers and my blade and wondered whether I could assume all the other guests had similar weapons concealed against their silk-stockinged thighs or inside their billowing sleeves.
It grew into a tongue of flame, bright and wild in the grey and silver landscape.  It rose higher.  Licked along the upper edge of the pyre and something on top took light.
John stopped waving his towel.  He held out his hand.
He slipped it over my wrist and pushed the ends together.  They felt warm where they joined.
He moaned and I sucked harder.  He slammed down and ground himself against me.  I bent my legs and pushed up and up again and again and on his lip, I bit down.  The taste flooded through me.  He shuddered then and groaned.  I pressed my palm against the small of his back and pushed up.  He groaned again.  More and more of his weight was falling on me and still I pushed up, higher, deeper, and fast, growling.  His hand dropped from the back of my neck, his head drooped onto my chest.  I wrapped my arms around him as I flowed into him and the distance between us disappeared and didn’t return.
I stared from her across the room to the window of the dancing woman with the long, brown hair and tambourine.  That window, too, was open, freshening the air with Spring’s mild air, but I didn’t need to see the stained glass now to recall its details.
The box glowed faintly in his palm as he scrutinised it.  He sniffed and wrinkled his nose.  Puck always overdid the floral scents.  Behind him, the curtains snapped in the wind.
When has danger ever deterred me?  As long as I am invited, I do not care.
I leaned forwards.  “Sherlock,” I whispered, “are you there?”
“Nice neighbours,” John said.
John heard the gentle thump of Sherlock landing on the other side of the patio fence and dashed after him.
The air inside the passage was colder than before, the draft coming from my right, damper.  Shoulder to the left wall, I hurried along, darkness be damned.
Behind me, a scuttling sound grew louder.  From the floor, an angry buzzing persisted.  I curled more tightly around Sherlock and pulled a pillow over my head.
“No. These aren’t visible except to those who need to be warned.”
Thoughts of burglars and murderers pushed to the front of John’s thoughts, pursued by the notion of informing the police.
Despite the wine and the dinner in me, my skin broke out in gooseflesh.  Sherlock did not sound like it was such a far-fetched circumstance.  “But how could he ever…”
He set me down by the railing.  I gripped the cold metal.  Below us, the foliage in the courtyard lay half-hidden with snow.  Above us, the clouds glowered as the moon’s shadow advanced across the sun.
The image caused a twist in my stomach that was not conducive to digestion at all.
“Come inside,” Holmes said, already at Corvus’ side, a hand beneath his elbow.  He led him to the chair upon which every new-comer must sit.  “Watson, a fortifying glass for our guest.”
“Absolutely, yes!  I’d also say yes to a hot shower and dry clothes.” I nudged him towards the door which I hoped still led to the hallway.
I rubbed my cheek against his arm, felt the bristles there.  Not quite.  Maybe we could have a long steam in the hammam.  Our muscles could use it and a good wash seemed in order.  Best to be refreshed and relaxed before dancing on our enemies’ graves.
The music was clearer than before, its patterns intricate.
Sherlock rose to his feet and held out his hand.
Sherlock lifted his head.  “What dreams?”
John and Ms Swann both turned to him.
The curtains had remained open all night, one window cracked at the top.  They were still open.  The bower above John’s bed was in full bloom.  John should come sleep in it, without clothes, without covers, so the petals could fall directly on his skin and turn him into a flower.
She looked at me and pursed her lips.  “You don’t want to ask.”
Sherlock straightened and turned around, a long, green cloth over his arm.  He looked me up and down and one corner of his mouth curled up.  “This will do for you.”  He brushed my dressing gown off my shoulders and held the width of the cloth to my shoulders.  “Perfect.”   He thrust it into my hand.  “The stitchers have been busy,” he said and returned to the cupboard under the window seat.
“I put them out by the bins.”
I stared down at the gnarled roots.  A pair rose high from the ground at the base of the trunk, almost like the arms of a chair.  I covered my mouth.  “I’ve sat here.”
“One step at a time,” I said, leaning forward to kiss my blood off his lips.
There it was.
Sherlock’s stare intensified then he smiled.  “Yes,” he said, “and you didn’t put that on your resumé either.”
“Thus the stamp on the seal,” Holmes said, spooning several grains of soil into a vial.
Fucking right.
Outlined against the sinking moon, a sturdily-formed creature sat upon the parapet.  It reared and bounded into the air, forelimbs outstretched, back arched and tail streaming behind.
Against the backdrop of my closed lids, I saw a boy staring into a shop window aglow with colours, wheels and rows and pyramids of inks and paints, brushes and easels and palettes, and an open treasure box with tiers of coloured pencils.  “Faber-Castell,” each pencil whispered from behind the glass.  “My name is Faber-Castell.”
“You would give me that much time?” John asked, the import of the words wresting his concentration away from his physical senses.
“Your hand, Doctor Watson.”
As promised, the door to the study was open.  I halted at the threshold assessing, a habit I doubt I will ever lose.  The lighting was not ideal for my purpose, the evening gloom barely dispelled by the glass-shaded reading lamps set well away from the door.  To my mind, it was more a library than a study, with shelves filled with books and bibelots rising to the high ceilings between the six tall windows overlooking the street and wrapping around other doors and the fireplace on the remaining walls.
“Tell me what you see.”
“You liked the music tonight.”
“Good,” Sherlock said and I heard the smile in his voice.
My eyes stung.
The rekindled flame burned tall and bright.
Far before Baskerville was done leaping at falling leaves and dangling branches, twilight descended.  We had the park to ourselves.
The clouds had thinned and though no ray of sunshine was visible, the sky was appreciably brighter than when we had gone inside.  Corvus implored us to come with him in his carriage and Holmes agreed, sending me to tell the hansom driver to trail after us and wait at the solicitor’s office.
“They aren’t usually on people’s mantels,” I muttered and added a log to the fire.
It was just as well that Mrs Hudson was not in the room when I saw the note leaning against the stack of books on the table in the library because I swore more than a little.  There was reading to do, songs to learn, archery to practice and a promise that he would be back in four days with more information for us to sift through.
“I gave Sherlock his when he was very young, because he was always exploring the darkest of dark corners,” she continued.
I heard the stamping of feet and a sudden whiff of river.
I caught a drip sliding down the side of the goblet, wiped it away and licked my finger clean.
I heard a hiss and a howl in it  and tried to identify the melody.  I failed.  It was doing something though, I was sure, and it wasn’t directed at me.
I tightened my grip on the test tube and faced the open door.
Every one of them glittered.
John’s eyes narrowed.  Could the man on the roof have sprouted wings and landed like that?
I withdrew my hand and held it palm up.  “Then, she wants me to accept your offer.”
Corvus looked down at his lap wherein his hands were clasped so tightly the knuckles had gone white.
“Glad I could be of help.”  I finished the tea and poured myself another cup.  “But if this has been going on since I walked in the door, more or less, what’s different now?”
“Yes,” he said and I heard the smile in his voice.  “I use them in a number of preparations.  So do Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner.”
I increased the force of the water, turned slowly and let it pummel me.  I winced a bit.
The house seemed too quiet already.
(See the end of the chapter for
John stretched out an arm for balance and lifted his foot to the rim of the bath.
Mrs Hudson nodded.  “Something like that.”
As unpleasant as his presence had been, I didn’t like losing sight of him either.
“Yes, it was,” Sherlock agreed.
The heavens were growing pale when we reached the northwestern gate.  The walls of the fortress loomed to the north and the skies above us were nearly clear of the rain clouds that had been drifting south as we had crossed the city.  We had been told that the gates would open with the dawn, so our wait would not be long.  Combined with the fact that the storm had held off, I was feeling surprisingly well for having spent a sleepless night, chilled and damp.
The light flickered, wisps of cloud drifting past the moon.
Sherlock turned to John, puzzled.
She clicked on the arrow to access the next photograph and her eyebrows rose.
My footfall echoed loudly on the parquet floor.  Bloody dress shoes.
I joined Holmes at the window.
I glanced at him.  He, too, was staring at me.
When we had cleared the throng, I turned around again and stared.  Although I knew the tree was at the middle, from where I stood it looked as though it could have been beyond the people.  The ground was so flat, one couldn’t see that the crowd encircled it.
“Amazing.”  A faint tingling was travelling up my arm.  It was gone before it reached my shoulder.
She plumped herself down on one end.  “OK, bring that basket up here and we’ll go through the merits of each.”
“Oh,” she said, “here I am going on about twists and turns to you with all the changes you’ve just had.”
“Regular digestives and the dark chocolate kind.  You want both, I know,” John answered before Sherlock said anything.  “But even at the most preliminary glance, I think the folks out at Baskerville would be interested.”
I took a step up onto the platform, bent over her fingers and managed not to stumble nor actually touch her glove with my lips.  I could feel the heat in my cheeks when I straightened up again.  She smiled at me and I saw a bluer variation of Sherlock’s eyes.  I wondered if I could hum the spell to hide myself in a mist.
Chapter 5 prompt:  Numbers 10 & 16 (Candle and Twinkling)
“But I did.”  John said.  “Long ago, I wanted to hold something that was not meant to be held by human hands.  I took all its magic away.  It couldn’t fly anymore.  I tried to feed it, but it died.”
I peered through the dissipating smoke, saw the outline of the willow’s small branches waving in the air, catching fire one by one.
“So did you send her the photo from your work email today?”
“They?”  I was retreating into monosyllables, it seemed.
“There you are,” John replied.  “Find somewhere to land, drink deep and show me your true colours.  I give you my promise now to stay with you for the rest of my life because a life without you in it wouldn't be worth living.”
“Exactly.”
Steam rose about him then, swirling over his head, droplets forming in his curls.  The lightning struck, forked and brilliant and blinding.
Kit inched closer to it.  Archie and Charlie jumped atop the trunk and stood, a metre or more off the ground, their torches leaving a blur of flame around them as they turned and gestured with them.  They hummed more loudly.
Holmes raised an eyebrow.  “And what were the fruits of her rummaging?”
“So, I’m improbable.”
She glanced away.  “I got used to the wider world.”
“But they fit well,” I protested, missing the softness and the scents already.
I huffed.  “That’s all I seemed to do.  Couldn’t sleep for five minutes without them.”
The moonlight lit half of Sherlock's face.  His expression was intent, his eyes open.  He seemed to be steering the boat, more than propelling it with the oars.  I wished I could assist, but I estimated that my silence was the most I could contribute.
“Sherlock!  Hang on!” Greg yelled.
I doubt one would work here.
The air smelled of salt.  John heard the susurration of waves.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at me, his hand still on the latch, his knee still on the window seat.
“What do you see?” Sherlock asked.
“Faber-Castell,” I read.  Not chemicals, then.  Good.  My eye closed.
“Death could no longer find you nor the passage of years touch you,” Sherlock replied.
There was a drawing of the necklace that had been singled out for praise.  “That’s one of them,” I exclaimed.  “I recognise it from their photographs.”  I read some of the text.  “He does favour hyperbole.”  I sighed.  “The sisters parted with the jewels so light-heartedly.”
“So, am I going to wake up as a dog one morning?”
Ms Swann hurried over to him.  “No, no, not really, just some ideas, a little melody.”
“Scientists need research facilities’ worth of equipment to change a few molecules into gold; you just changed a bowlful of it.”
I regarded the curved, downy plume on my palm, its shaft silvery, its vane opalescent.  “How can you tell it’s for me?” I asked, although I had no inclination to relinquish it to some hypothetical intended recipient.
I heard the smile in his voice.
“Soon,” John said and his fingers advanced and retreated.
Long, cool fingers closed over mine.  “Mind the holly.”
I felt that
"Fine.  That's how you knew the interrogator had a coffin-maker for a neighbour, but it doesn't explain knowing about the affair," John said.
My eyes flicked to the sword and back to him.  “I’ve barely scratched the surface,” I murmured.
Sherlock knocked more forcefully.
“A bit of air might help,” I suggested.  The mix of candle smoke and the heavy scent of the flowers had become cloying by the end of the service and I was not surprised that he felt faint.
“Biochemist?” I guessed.
I lifted the shirt higher, searching for the bite at the side.  I had seen the faint outline of it on myself when I showered.  On him, it was a ruddier pink.
“Where are the nearest stairs exactly?” I asked.
“Someone must have objected to that,” I said.
“Well, I haven’t had any alcohol today and it didn’t smell as though Mrs Hudson had had any this afternoon.”
I went down after him, embraced by the roots, our joined hands resting on the one between us.  I kept my eyes on our hands.  “I was so tired.”
I saw his chest rise.
Titania closed her hand around it.  “I shall dispose of its contents for you.  I like the vial.”
I raised a forefinger, touched it to his lips.  “This time,
Corvus drew forth an envelope much thicker than the one I had in my lap.  “It is a carbon copy of the will that Mr Braithewaite thinks I will be seeing for the first time this afternoon,” he said, passing the papers to Holmes.  “The signatures on it are original, however.  Roderick emphasised that when he entrusted it to me shortly after I arrived at Usher and made me promise to keep it upon my person even whilst I slept.  It was an eccentric request, but he had grown increasingly distressed until I had vowed to do as he asked.”
“Like tonight?” I suggested.
As they turned, horns sounded triumphant from the gallery.  The candles flared and I could see the guests clearly again.  They shrank back from the attendants, giving them a wide passage clear to the door and those that had fans used them vigorously.  The stench was the same as had accompanied the leeches’ demise, only much stronger.
“One of my neighbours recommended it,” she replied.
“Doctor,” he said, looking straight ahead.
John sat bolt upright in the bed, the words echoing in his head.
“I went to visit them about a month later.  There had been an exchange of visitor’s cards at the end of our gathering in Madame Willow’s parlour, so one afternoon, when a house call brought me to their neighbourhood, I went to see what time had wrought.”
Manoeuvring myself out of the taxi with our hardware was a struggle, but once achieved, I found the door to Baker Street already open.  I would never have thought that the sight of a dim foyer could give me such joy.  I hurried in, pushing the front door shut with my foot and the inner door open with my shoulder.  Sherlock was at the bottom of the stairs looking through some post.
We were translating some of the engravings on the markers from Latin and Old French, Sherlock handling most of the latter, when the door ground slowly open.  The dean entered leading Corvus, two older men and four choristers into the crypt.  We turned away from our scholarly pursuits to greet them as though it were the most natural thing in the world to be browsing through the inscriptions in a locked crypt.  Sherlock maintained it was the only way to handle being discovered in unexpected places, if there was nowhere to hide and rendering the other people unconscious or dead was not appropriate.
Sherlock reached out, pulling John to him.  “Not as far as I can tell.  But if you did, I’d love you still and take you for runs in the park.”
“You came very close,” he replied as they crested the hill.  “I could hear your song.  I followed it.”
“Deeper than any curse,” John said.
Without thinking, I grabbed the oar before it could swing away, leaving the spear dangling.  My hand had barely left it when Sherlock seized it, unhooked it and pushed us away from the bank as we started to drift back towards the arch.
“Do you want me to leave?” I asked.
Wind blew in through the open doors, pulling the curtains from their ties, ruffling the table linens and swirling the acrid fumes away.
“What comes after the kneeling?” I whispered, holding my empty cup near my mouth.
“Use the door as a target,” Sherlock said from farther behind me than he had been.
My lips parted, but I seemed unable to sing or even hum and my clothes remained stickily upon me, except for my tunic and shoes which I had succeeded in divesting with the little dexterity remaining to me.
My body no longer obeyed.  Everything went lax and he bent under the weight of me.
The passage between the two rooms was longer than I would have expected.  The streetward side was panelled in wood that matched the library shelves and the wall opposite held a narrow door which was ajar.  Through it, I glimpsed a corridor running perpendicular to the passage, between the library and the next room.  What I could see of its wall was timber and brickwork, the former forked and blackened, the latter thin and yellow.
My belt buckle was digging into my stomach.  I nudged the packages down my thighs a bit and managed to undo it, opened the button at my waist while I was at it.  That felt so much better; it had been worth the effort.  My hand fell to my side.
“Yes, all right, but how do you know it was a clandestine marriage?” I asked.
“Yes.”  He moved closer to where I stood, an earthenware bowl in his hand and the drops of water gleaming like stars in his unkempt hair.  I narrowed my eyes at him, scanning for injuries.  His thighs and upper arms were smudged as though he’d been wiping his hands on them.
“Ah,” said Mr Braithewaite, “so you already know the full terms of the Will.”
“Might they be accomplices, Watson?”
Sherlock stood, adjusted my cape over his bare shoulder, draping it over the front of his bloody shirt.  It hid the worst of it, but where he’d wiped his mouth on the other sleeve showed.  “They never do.  It’s against their nature as peripatetic creatures.”  He held out his hand to me.  “Our childhood was a trial for them.”
He looked down at me and that brought them close enough.
The ends of the hall opened; water roared through and the bodies were swept away with it.  The axes fell to the floor.  The water evaporated.
“It’s something of a puzzle, at least as interesting as those you like to help the mortals solve, all unaware as they usually are,” Mycroft said and reached under the gnarled root.  He held up an acorn cup.  The shaft of a gold key protruded from its bowl.
Not sure.
“The worst part about being an adult, too, sometimes,” John added.
"Might want to make it a routine," he replied, tapping out a message on his mobile, hitting send and handing it to me.
It would have.
“You might have.  Fire is very clarifying.”
should have an epilogue, primarily to provide the scene after the reunion.  Several kind readers expressed their agreement with that notion, which was a great encouragement to actually get it written!  Thank you all!  :-D
“I did.”  She set down the marbles.  “I’ll get the hoover and when we’ve got this all sorted out, we can have tea and I’ll show you.”
He stood by his bed a moment.  All the buds had bloomed.  He buried his face in the blossoms, some of the petals fell.  John sat himself beneath them, opened the case and assembled the instrument within.
He looked up at the first floor windows.  The shutters were still closed.  He unfolded the note, glanced at the name written there and ran into the house, the glass in the fanlight rattling as he slammed the front door behind him.
A breeze blew off Baker Street and into the hall with me.  I turned and gathered up the waving handles of the carrier bags from the front steps, closed the door with a push of my foot and followed the sunbeams streaming through the fanlight up the stairs.
I closed the lab notebook, rose from my seat and stretched, vertebrae crackling.  There was more research I wanted to do, but my head felt heavy and I thought some fresh air would clear it.  Since out was not an option, I decided to go up.
The image of making my way up to the hill alone flashed through my mind.  “With Sherlock,” I said very quickly.
“Oh.”
“Good.”  He gestured for me to continue.
The door swung open slowly.  Inside, it was dark.
“I hope you feel better,” she said.
He minimised the video and opened another window.  It was a slide show of frames from the video.  Slowly, Sherlock clicked through them.  They were all side views until the subject was on the balcony and then the view was from the back.
“Oh?”
“And each of them got a commission out of it.”
Or they have their own doctor.
For an instant, I was released, then he opened his eyes and caught me again.  I leaned towards him, considered stretching out on top of him and staring down into those mesmerising eyes.
I had checked my neck for bruises in the morning.  That was how vivid the dream had been.  I had only spent a few hours with him and his charm had certainly taken hold.
I cocked my head and raised an eyebrow at him.
Sherlock sailed across the room, wings far larger than
The grating sound of the bolt wedging itself between the stones of the floor startled me.  A dark stain oozed up around its feathers, flowing along the cracks between the flags.  I lowered the crossbow.
“Your stomach is in no danger, but I can’t say the same for your head if you don’t let out what’s been banging around in there ever since Ms Swann left.  Before actually.”
His lips were at my ear.  I wanted them on my mouth.
I walked tapping the heel of my left foot to the toe of my right in an effort to keep my progress in as straight a line as possible.  I think it was the memory of the library corridor that brought the opening tune to my lips.  I whistled softly in time to my steps.
Puck bowed and gathered it up.  He did not skip as he moved towards the trees.
(See the end of the chapter for
It startled me, hearing her speak of these things, as though they were somehow only mine.
John looked beyond her.  Outside the firmly closed windows, bare tree branches scratched at the pale grey page of the sky.
Yup.  Lightning.
I reached for the moon blade.
I jumped at the sound of his voice.
He slipped his arm through mine and started us walking again.  “When people die close to the solstice, their families or friends are able to bring their bodies entire to the fire.”
“I’ve been here before,” I said.
“When the candle was lit, the dreams were clearer,” John said.
Lestrade's head whipped around.  "How'd you get here so fast?" he said.
I thought she might already know the answer to that question, but I replied anyway.  "Only a few weeks," I said, shaking my head because it did seem much longer.
“Tissue samples confirm that the wing retrieved was torn from the body at this site.  The wound, however, is larger than the corresponding structure on the wing.  The proportion of human and non-human genetic material varies between the body and the wing; the edges of the wound on the body have predominantly human genetic material while the edges of the wing are predominantly non-human.  However, the steamfly genes are present at a low level throughout the body.
“Come get the hoover and the ladder and I’ll get our tea ready,” she said, turning again towards the stairs.  “I made lemon and poppy seed cake this morning.”
Her infinite variety: other women cloy
is an older traditional folk song whose lyrics have been altered somewhat for the story.  More about the song can be read
I glanced about the room.  “And I may use the library?” I asked.
The bedside lamps were unlit.  Other than the ambient light from the hall that I was mainly blocking, the light came from the floor lamp, which he’d moved to the far side of the bed. It poured faintly blue light over his skin and left the rest of that part of the room in shadow.  How well he understands effect.
When most of the plates were empty, I sighed.  I wasn’t sure I would be able to rise from the chair, so warm and full had I become.
Sherlock lifted his camera up and squinted through the lens.  “Wild things form attachments, too,” he murmured.
“For balance,” he said and I heard his voice more than the words as the fragrance hit me.
A loud chirping made him open it again.  His mate groaned.  He lifted his head and surveyed every angle of the room for the interloping bird making the sound.
Mr Holmes plunged down the stairs and strode along the length of the room.
She glanced at Sherlock and he nodded at her.
My balls were starting to ache.
The sound of chairs scraping over wood echoed down the stairwell and I realised that they had probably been waiting for us to cross the gallery before they mounted the stairs.  I had not seen anyone in the music room, but they could have been in the passage that ran parallel to the music room.  I still had never gone down it, no matter how invitingly the door to it always seemed to be ajar when I passed.
But Sherlock and I had been travelling alone for hours and that had suited me better than a gaggle of strangers.
I assumed the promise of freshly-baked ginger biscuits was keeping him from voicing a sharper response.
“You must have been many times to the heath,” he replied.
“Maybe?” I murmured, clicking the safety into place and lowering my gun.
He lifted his head, swaying slightly.
I shook my head and huffed.  “Not nearly better enough,” I said.
There was no answer, but an increased flutter of wings.  Delicate legs walked along his shoulders, crept up his neck.  There was a bite, another, and another, twenty more.  John inhaled and held out his arms, palms up.  There were so many, he felt their weight upon his arms.  They were on his face, his lips.  He parted them and sunk to his knees.  Wings brushed against his chest.  He spread his legs.  Tiny legs and wingtips swarmed over him.  They stung everywhere.  His flesh swelled.  He groaned.
I could not look away.  I wanted to show him, here in this deep, silent place.
And so we set out.
“I don’t think you're in need of it,” he said, “which is for the best, since several of the ingredients are lethal.”
“Now, Mrs Turner has been a great reader of science fiction stories since she was a girl and was convinced that the carton must have been left behind by HG Wells when he moved away from Chiltern Court.  There’s a blue plaque beside the doorway with the dates he lived there on it.”  She added milk to the cups of tea and passed the jug to me.
I leaned towards it.
“The book doesn’t smell musty.  It hadn’t been stored in the mouldy carton you sequestered in the hall.  The book had been added to that box just before it was put in the street.”
“Yup.”  John smiled.  “I noticed that you didn’t mention that to her.”
Outside my windows, the day shone brighter than its predecessor and the slant of its beams told me that I had slept even later.  I dressed and went out on the balcony to examine the courtyard by the sunshine that poured down on it.  Baskerville was snuffling along the periphery of the flowerbeds in a leisurely manner, the sunlight bringing out highlights of auburn in his dark coat.  At the nexus of the courtyard’s walkways the fountain played gently, its details clearly visible from my vantage.  They were of the modest proportions and design I recalled from my stroll through the garden, rather than the images I thought I had observed before sleeping.  As I finished my tea, I concluded that the view of it from my windows had been part of my dream rather than something I had actually seen before sleeping.
“Right again.  So, the nephews in Scotland came into play, at least the oldest one did.  He hardly knew his maternal aunts.  It had been years since he had accompanied his mother on her annual journey south.  He was recently engaged and a property in London appealed to his fiancée.  A solicitor paid a call on the Misses Knight and conveyed the news that they must quit the premises within ninety days to make way for the arrival of the new owner of their life-long home.”
“They sprout every year when the days grow short,” he replied at the same time.
She looked at me for a moment and tapped her cheek.  “You know there’s another way in through the kitchen courtyard.  Mr Chatterjee won’t mind.  I often go round that way if I want a few pastries when Mrs Turner’s on holiday and I haven’t had time to bake.”  She slipped by me again, back into the hall, and motioned me to follow.  “Come along.  After you’ve reserved the table, you can text Doctor Stamford and have a good chat over lunch.”
A faint smile curved his lips, but then my attention shifted, and he didn’t say anything for a long while.
"Douse the torch," he whispered.
“Not that I saw,” she replied.
Although the cases had not yet been many, my having accompanied Sherlock when he had helped Lestrade with other
He tipped his head back and took a long swallow.  A stray drop lingered at the corner of his lips.  It was caught by the tip of his tongue.  He leaned down, eyes sliding to me as he recapped the bottle and tucked it away.  “Nope.”
Quite right.
“Miss Turner?” I asked.
“He seemed to be guarding you,” I said.
My hand dropped to his shoulder.  I seized on it, gripping hard through the cloth.  “Promise me that whatever dangers the future brings, we’ll face them together.”
“Maybe…”  I was in the room once more, enjoying that light scent and taking Madame Willow’s hand in my turn.
His skin was washed in moonlight, the shadows dark beneath his brows and in the hollows of his cheeks.  He put the moon to shame.
He eased the paper away and tapped my other foot.  We began again.
“That’s good, because I think he made us in the park yesterday.”  John rubbed his hand across his face.  “I can’t believe what I’m saying.”
“We’ve been neighbours for years.  It’s not the same now.”  He half-turned to the door.  “Anyway, I’ll let you get back to your tasks.  It was nice meeting you.”  Alan stepped into the doorway.
“A good sign,” he said and touched the wall again.  He dropped the small stone that came lose then into the flask he was holding and whirled back to his work table.  The motion wafted the scent around the room.
The door to his room is very closed.  So is the door from the bathroom.  I checked.  I could breathe through the keyhole, I suppose, but that’s not likely to wake him up.  And I wouldn’t want to wake him, he needs the sleep.  I prefer it when he sleeps on the sofa though, or thinks on it, stretched out or curled up, it seems the right place for him.  Not locked away in his room.  Well, I doubt the door is locked.  I haven’t checked that.
I managed not to shout and refrained from backhanding it; its fangs were too deep in my leg for that to work well.
It was distracting how he was stroking my arm.  My pulse beat more strongly there as though the blood was trying to reach him.
My eyebrows went up.
Wild-eyed Jim would hunger no more.
“Poisonings, I gather."
John closed his eyes for a moment as his perineum was thoroughly cleansed.  “But I’m your doctor,” he offered weakly.
~~~~~~o0o~~~~~~
"Not man-made," Sherlock pointed out.
“His winded owner is making her way towards us as we speak,” Sherlock replied, scratching behind the dog’s ear.  “Sirocco, here, was giving chase and I don’t think she would have ever caught up with him.”
A cool tongue slid over my tongue, its tip touching my palette, my teeth, my gums, round and round my mouth, over and over.
“Sherlock…”  John drew back.  His drink sat unfinished at home; there was no reason to be hallucinating.  He leaned forward.
“There.  You’re following.”
John thought her mask must be feeling uncomfortably warm at that point.
I made a light sketch of Sherlock’s arm continuing on from the wrist of the initial drawing.  His arms were not as well known to me as his hands.  It occurred to me to omit the flesh on one side, so that I could render the muscles in coloured detail, but I couldn’t bring myself to sacrifice that much skin.  I gazed at the trays of pencils, the creams, the pinks, the greens and the blues.  The underside of his arm would have all of those colours, perhaps more.
His cheek was like chalk.  The colours of the torch flames and the fires dotted about the clearing didn’t seem to reach him.  He was as pale as the moon we awaited.
“What does that mean?”
John rinsed away the traces of lather, cleaned his teeth, and walked into the bedroom with only the towel with which he was rubbing his hair.
In the midst of one dance, I found myself across from a woman who moved like a cloud in a moonlit sky.  It took me a moment to recognise Sherlock’s mother, although I’m not sure she recognised me.  When her line of dancers swirled towards the windows, she glanced over her shoulder with a subtle and secretive smile.  I looked about and found Sherlock’s father next to me, his raised hands turning with the rhythm and his eyes on the curves of his wife’s figure.  I felt a blush spreading up from my throat.  It was there for any to see: the heat from which Sherlock had been forged and the source of his grace.
“That’s kind of you, Corporal.  Hopefully, next year.”
Mrs Hudson kept going.  I hurried after her.
“A rival for Ms Swann’s affections?” John asked.
The air around him grew cooler as they rose.  John hunched closer to the warm body beneath him.
“Are you saying that they weren’t dreams of passion?” John asked.
I sat back on my knees.  Sometimes an image just hits me and Sherlock lifting a candied flower to his lips was a vivid one.
“That happens sometimes,” she said, patting my arm.  “If the moon and the earth and the frame of mind are right almost anyone can step through once.  The heath is where it happens most, but other places open up, too, now and then.  Trouble is, few know how to get back, if they want to get back, that is.”
“His lips are like the roses fair,
I took another step back, raising my sleeve to my nose, but the smell of charred meat and singed hair didn’t come.
I reached behind my back.
Sherlock dragged me to the bank and thrust my foot into the water practically before my bum hit the grass.  Steam rose from the surface.
A faint sound issued from Sherlock’s lips.  John wrapped his arms further around Sherlock, strummed the fingers of one hand over a firm nipple.  Sherlock murmured again.
Puck dragged himself up again.
Wiggins was by the door, arms full of clothing.  “Don’t bring your tray down; I’ll come back for it.  They’re mad in the kitchen now, knives and pots flying about.”
The images returned:  motor accident victim, head injury, blood on the pavement.  Maybe they shouldn’t use police footage.
Sherlock followed it under the window and took a long breath, antennae waving.  John’s nest smelt so much better when he was in it.
Sherlock drew in his lips before answering.  “No,” he finally said.  “Don’t ask Mrs Hudson about them unless you have lots of time to spare.  I understand her grandmother wrote letters.”
Obligingly, I turned over, rubbing past Sherlock’s thighs in the process.  My skin tingled from the contact and as I settled on the cushions, I couldn’t help a little rub against the tufts.  “Am I awake?”
He stood.  “I’ll give you a quick tour, so you can find your way to your room and back here safely.”
Because a wrong note could be a very serious thing.
He handed me the pad.
“That you saved my life?  Twice.”
“Nothing new there,” John said, straightening up and stretching.  “Can we magnify each of the frames in that sequence?”
“What a good boy you are,” Sherlock said.  “Fast, too, but you weren’t ever going to catch that squirrel.”
John started giggling.
My eyebrows shot up.
Behind us, the skies opened up.
“Playing always makes me thirsty.”
I’ve followed him wherever he's led me, defended him, tended him, held his body against mine.  I’ve met no one’s passion as I've met his. He must know.
At first, John played soft, low sounds, a few notes up, a couple down, then up again.  A modified scale.
“Last night’s was the one about which I remembered the most when I woke up.  Before, there were only fragments in the morning, like the one I just described, or even briefer.  Cool water rippling in front of me.  Tree tops beneath me.  A warmth by my side.  But this morning when I woke, I could still see the place I had been and hear the sounds, as though they were just outside my windows.  I only needed to open them to return and then I could stay there forever.”  She had turned towards the window as she spoke, but her gaze wasn’t focussed on it.
An arc of moon was showing above the trees as our fire lighters approached across the grass, Kit with his hands cupped around something upon which he was blowing.  When Bert knelt down and Kit clambered off, I saw what.
“Perhaps it would be best to be certain that they are identical,” Sherlock said.
I pulled my gaze away from the flames.  “Do you see things dancing in the fire?”
“Heaven in a cup,” I murmured, took a bite of toast and closed my eyes in pleasure.
“No, no.  To this place, like this…like this.”  I swept my free arm in a half circle and let it drop to my side.
“Yes,” I agreed.  I still had a scarf my mother had knitted for me when I was in sixth form.  I’d lost the one she’d made me before that.  If one doesn’t lose them, scarves pretty much last forever.  I could bring it here.  Let Siròc drop it into the flames.
I looked around, still not fully awake.  Something seemed to be missing.
My gaze drifted from the shadows beyond the open library door, to the flames dancing in the windows.  Beyond them, all was black.  “…eleven, twelve, thirteen.” I got up to close the curtains.
“Patience, a little more patience,” he said, withdrawing his fingers.
He bounded out from beneath my hand towards the mound, circled around the quiet restaurant at the top and sped back to me.
I placed the manuscript on the table and dashed to the hall and up the dark stairs, reaching out for the bannister only at the top to swing my forward momentum towards my room.
Oh, he was sweet.  I carried on suckling as though I could bring him on again.  I have done it, when I’m gentle enough and slow.
Wiggins draped a short cloak over one of my shoulders.  It was lined in padded silk, trimmed with twisted green and gold threads.  Its folds exuded the same fragrance as the balm in the bath.  There was bluebell and violet and rose, always rose...and something else.  I study his methods.  Most of the smells of his gardens and his laboratory are familiar to me now.
Sherlock raised both eyebrows at me and inclined his head.
“Not these days,” Sherlock said.
I reached down into the water with both hands and began to cut.
Sherlock’s gaze snapped back to John.  “You used to…”
The carthorse by the southern slope whickered as the side of its cart was lowered.  The two people who had accompanied the cart helped its elderly occupant down to the ground.
“They should fit,” he finally said and moved to the desk and set the tray down.  “But we need to check now.  There isn’t much time, if they have to be altered.”  From inside his jacket he slid out a thick envelope and set it upright against the teapot on the tray.  “Since you ain’t dressed, it oughtn’t to take long.”
“You learn how to direct it, also,” Mycroft said.
“Oh, but this,” she said, pointing to the last item I had added to the list.  This has to be gathered by the light of the full moon.  It also grows near the sward though, not too far into the woods.”  She handed me back the list.  “We’ll just have to make two trips.  Do you have a lot more to add to your list?”
John turned on his side, curling about Sherlock’s head, his hand finding its way across Sherlock’s shoulder.
I met her eyes.  “Why not carry on the family tradition?”
At a bacchanal, I had thought and had followed her as she hurried off to the pantries and larders that branched off the kitchens and on into vaults of china and crystal, embroidered linens and lace tablecloths, and more silver tableware.  Beneath this labyrinth, she showed me deeper and deeper cellars for roots and apples, preserves, ciders, wines and firewood, although she bustled past a stout, closed door with a wave and the single word, apothecary.  Altogether, the rooms she showed me formed quite their own kingdom.
Sherlock held his breath.
“I dreamt I was too late.”
I was very tired that first time.  There was little light.
The man returned from a corner of the room with a mug of what turned out to be some variety of beer.
Because it’s more.  And I thought it was just my libido fuelling those dreams.
“The weather’s been uncomfortable for you.”  He rolled on top of me.  My temperature began to drop.  “You should have said.”
“‘They shall never sound in slavery.’”
“Oh, that’s a pity,” Mrs Hudson said, shoulders slumping.  “Not that you’ve got more work, of course,” she added hastily, “but he wanted to thank you in person.” She sighed.  “I suppose he can leave a comment on your blog,” she said, “me, too, now that I’ve revealed I’m one of your readers.  I liked when you said you lived at the most artistic address in London.”
Ms Swann nodded.
“Describe it,” Sherlock urged.
Sherlock tipped his head further back as a sharp hook scratched lightly from his ear to his chest.  He sighed and dug his fingers into John’s back and for the first time he could actually feel the feathers there.
Sherlock heaved a sigh.  “Clever as I was, I hadn’t really understood that as a child.  He only looked to be a couple years older than me.”  Sherlock unravelled the napkin and smoothed it out on the sofa cushion.  “And when a car took a corner near our friend’s house too fast and swerved into their front garden, right through a low brick wall, Redbeard didn’t jump out of the way fast enough and the bricks crushed one of his back legs.”  A shiver ran through Sherlock.  “The yelp of pain…I will never forget it.
Thunder growled, a deep satisfied sound.
An orange spark twinkled above Kit’s head.  He was waving a hand about.  Fanning it, perhaps.  I smiled.  Wiggins had let him do the honours.
Chapalu huffed, seized one of the wolves by the neck and disappeared beneath the trees.
“Right,” I murmured and turned towards the firing range.
Madeleine stopped walking, brow furrowed.  “I remember that morning.  There was fog among the trees.  It rolled out over the water and we had to stop swimming; we could hardly see.”
Even when both my feet were firmly planted on the ground, I kept hold of him.
Corvus had turned to me when I spoke.  He held his hands out, palm up.  “Maybe with more time, without his sister also being so ill, he would have.  I don’t know.  Perhaps his father had had a natural child, a much younger sibling for whom Roderick was responsible.  He rarely spoke of his family.  He had visited mine during some of the shorter school holidays, but I had never been invited to met his.  Although I thought his father died one summer while we were at school, I have no recollection of him having told me that or of his appearing to grieve.  Maybe I heard of it from our schoolmates somehow.”
The butterfly opened and closed them, turned slightly to the left, then the right.  Their blue gained a greenish cast with a hint of gold.
Sherlock held out his hand.
He grasped my cock near the head, a flick, a twist, the touch of a maestro.
“I’ll be right back.  Drink your tea while it’s still hot,” she chided and off she went.
I saw that he observed that, too.
“How can I hear leaves speaking?”
I shook my head.  “Just the flames.”
“Oh, if you sang, sir, the words would dance right into your head.  They couldn’t say no,” Kit said and found a chunk of meat on his plate for Midnight.  He looked up at me and smiled when Midnight jumped down to the floor with it in her mouth.  “Mrs Turner never forgets Midnight.”
I opened my eyes.  “You know I am not a coward, Holmes.”
"Right," I mumbled and stepped through the pier glass, dragging the branch over the low shelf near its bottom.
She surveyed the sea of newsprint and card and items I’d slipped into freezer bags to lessen the fug of mould a bit, before she waded in.  From the hall table, she picked up a bag with a box of dominoes in it.  The cover was half gone, the coloured dots on the dominoes showing through.  “My sister and I had a set like this when we were little,” she said with a smile.  “I used to win most of the time.  That always made her cross.”  She set it down and picked up a flap of the carton that had fallen off.  It had a round blue sticker on it.  “I thought that estate sale was over.”
But how much of them remain to me?  I balled my hand into a fist.
Yeah, even with Wiggins.
…”  Ring finger down.  “Depictions of Leda and the swan in three different media…”  His hand closed in a fist.  “I was waiting for Lestrade to figure it out.”
“Tomorrow morning, we can collect your things,” Sherlock said as they reached the opposite pavement.
I concluded that our renown had reached and made a favourable impression on Mr Braithewaite, however, from his enthusiastic handclasp and his rather awestruck gaping at Sherlock.  Braithwaite was a man of middle-years, of about my height, although considerably rounder and sparser of hair than I.  He emphasised the word pleasure in response to making our acquaintance, but with a meaningful glance at our surroundings indicated that he could not say as much as he would have liked due to the circumstances.
“It was the one method of communication Lestrade didn’t neutralise,” Sherlock said.
“Try it,” Sherlock urged.
Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock shrugged a shoulder.  Muscles John did not recognise rippled beneath Sherlock’s skin.  John traced one with a fingertip.
I carried the harp with me across the room and pushed the panel flush with the wall.
Sherlock followed.
He was so full and he did not want to stop.  He doubled in size while resting on John’s elbow and watching John’s tongue probe at the tenderness of each lip.  He looked down John’s body, swooped towards the pink skin to which he had not yet ministered.
“John!” Sherlock called from the bottom of the stairs.
“Don’t go to your Mind Palace now,” John said, rising up on his elbow and kissing Sherlock’s chin.  “I have no complaints.  I was waking up feeling better than I have in years.  Regular orgasms will do that.”
“Now the ice cream,” she urged, beaming.
I glanced at the man.  He was leaning on his pole, holding us in place, his eyes on Sherlock.
Sarah smiled back.
She lifted her hand away and wiggled her fingers.  “It made playing last night so much easier, but that’s not all.”
Of the gay Northern Lights.”
I sat, a careful eye on the card still in hand and extended a foot when he tapped it.  A pale green stocking, the colour of the new buds on the plane trees in the park slipped up my leg and his hands almost fluttered as he tied an equally pale silk ribbon just below my knee then tapped the other foot where he repeated the process.
“Old houses, noisy plumbing,” Mrs Hudson explained and placed a bright salad before me.
True enough.
“They’re all Gabriel’s favourites,” she added as she kneaded.  “His first trip back from New York and I get to have him here for lunch.  It is an occasion!”
“May I?” a quiet voice asked.
Sherlock was disappearing under the trees, blending with the shadows.  I darted into the woods, picking up speed, heedless of the twigs snapping beneath my feet.  Here a flash of iridescent blue-black in a stray sunbeam betrayed where he’d reached.  There a darker shadow between the trees.  Always ahead.
My eyes opened wide.  I knew how far down it was.
Greg was gone as was everyone but Sherlock.
“I appreciate the heads-up.”
“Five minutes,” he warned.  “We'll be locking up soon.”
He stretched towards me, his hand curving around my neck and kissed me.  I opened my mouth and his tongue thrust and delved in counterpoint to the slow, steady rhythm of his hips.
Sherlock pulled an evidence bag from his coat pocket.  Something metallic glinted in his hands and he leaned closer still.
His wings had grown even larger.  Crimson swirls blossomed on them as he drank.
Sherlock swooped towards him, landed on the palm and bored deep.
Sherlock pulled me round to face him, his hands sliding from my shoulders to either side of my face.  “Anything else?” he asked, turning with me in a circle.
It’s getting tarter.
When I looked around again, the panel to the passageway was wide open.  I glanced behind me.  Sherlock did not appear to have moved, but I had been concentrating hard on plucking the right notes, so he could have walked across the room and back again without my noticing, I supposed.
“When would that have been?” I asked, taking a sip of the tea.  It was always better than mine, even when she used teabags.
"Did they ask what it was doing here?" I asked.
“If you had wings, John, how many times would you have taken flight from the sitting room window?” Sherlock asked.
“Oh, my god!”
The room grew stuffy.  Some people had had the foresight to carry fans, and they fluttered among those resting and chatting like so many butterflies.
Sherlock spread them apart.  “I suppose daydreaming would be the more accurate term.”
“His girlfriend’s friend sounded enticing,” Sherlock remarked.  “As well she might.  Mustardseed.”
I’m getting my bearings.
“What?  We needed music for our entrance?” I joked, but Sherlock just prodded me and I opened the door.
The lioness turned her head, growling low around her stick.
Sherlock lay, nearly prone, along the mossy ground.  He narrowed his eyes at the stars shining through the evergreen branches above him; they appeared to wink in derision at him.  He flung an arm over his eyes.  Music from the nearby clearing reached a crescendo.  Applause and laughter like the tinkling of bells followed hard upon it.  “I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” Sherlock said.
If he was offering to model, I did not intend to keep him waiting.  On the lowest bookshelf, I found a large atlas, went into the kitchen and retrieved a big sweet potato.  I am rather fond of them.  I set both on the coffee table, shifted the stack of journals from the chair by the sofa onto the floor.  There were scraps of paper sticking out of several of them.  On another day, they might have piqued my curiosity.  I arranged an end table next to the chair and put my supplies on it.  Lastly, I fetched my rough sketch.
“Scarborough Fair” drew to a close.  The conversation in the room grew a little louder.
“But,” Sherlock continued, “you have not connected the last vein you’ve brought along the arm...ah.”
Sherlock jumped down, dropped something into the evidence bag as he walked towards the bridge.  “There,” he said, handing it to Greg.  “Test it.  I believe that is chitin from the carapace torn from Ms Blatto’s shoulder.  The carapace could have been washed away in the river or…”  He turned back to look at the statue.  “…ingested by an inanimate object that shouldn’t need to eat and shouldn’t be able to move.”
He almost smiled and put his hand in mine.
It is one of our unsolved cases and Sherlock has classified the phenomena as inexplicable, both the cards themselves and why anyone would wrap them up in newspaper and stow them away.
“I could do the bottom half myself,” John said.
Sherlock shifted and turned, dragging his fingers along John’s thigh as he rolled.  He stared up at John as he settled back into the mattress.  “I know you’ll always be right behind me.  I sense you there.”
“Some odd family tradition?” he muttered.
My fatigue was obviously becoming extreme, although hunger may have been contributing to it.
I glanced from the table to the hearth and back, picturing the arrangement and nodded.
“I heard you’ll be going up to Llandin this year,” Mrs Hudson said as she sliced a thick piece of cake.”
One shadow moved.
John’s head snapped back.  “You noticed?  They’re so small,” he said.  “Ah, you don’t mind?”
“No, thank you.  I should not,” Corvus replied, taking off his hat with that same fluidity of motion I had observed from the window.
He leaned forward, kissed my eyes closed.  “You seemed so comfortable,” he murmured.  “I didn’t know it was your first time at a sharing tree.”  He kissed my cheeks, my chin.
My gaze dropped to his mouth.
“Would you like to dance, Doctor Watson?  Looks like Sherlock here’s trained you up well.”  He leaned towards me and lowered his voice.  “I’ve always loved watching Sherlock dance.”
“How’d you know that last bit?” I asked.  I hung up my jacket and moved closer to the maelstrom.
"I could help with that," I said.
I hummed assent, my head listing towards my shoulder.  I rubbed my free hand over my face; it wouldn’t do to leave Sherlock’s brewing completely unattended.  And, I had been curious about this room that Mrs Hudson had passed by with only a word.  There didn’t seem to be many things Mrs Hudson was quiet about, but this had definitely been one of them.
“Every area designates someone to fulfil the task, usually an apothecary, if no one closer comes forward.  You'll see that tonight, people with several small items to add to the fire.”
“You see, Borrum.  He can be diplomatic,” Lady Holmes remarked.
A moment later, two people with torches emerged from the path and the horse was close behind.  The cart it pulled was small and narrow and garlanded with ivy.  Behind it, Bert and Wiggins brought up the rear.
“I’ve been having unusual dreams,” she said suddenly, looking down at her hands that were clasped in her lap.  “I’m sorry, I know you’re a detective, not a psychologist.”
I blew out a puff of air and opened my eyes.  “So, where were we?”
“Mrs Hudson touched on that once,” he said.
“‘Tho’ all the world betrays thee,
He moved closer, arm brushing against my shoulder.
John’s fingers clung to the firm flesh they held.  “Beautiful,” he whispered.
I looked into the cart as it passed.  A snowy-haired woman lay in her finery upon cushions within, her features tranquil.  I couldn't help wondering whether she had died in her sleep.
“Far older,” he said.
“What is it?” I asked.
“Thank you,” I said and smiled.  I barely stopped myself from adding sir to my thanks.
~o~~0O0~~o~
He straightened slowly, eyes half-opening, his gaze sweeping over me.
“As long as you wish, John,” he replied.
“Did you just poison me?”
“There are a lot of cigarette ends around the front steps and along the pavement.  Mr Chatterjee said they’ve been sweeping them up every morning and Mrs Turner said they’ve been falling down the grate over the windows of her basement flat.”
I set the table down, switched off the light in the hall and shut the door.  I eased the mobile from his fingers, pressed the off button, watched the screen go blank.  Greg and Mycroft could manage without him.  Whoever else wanted him could wait.  It could be just the two of us, without the rest of the world, for tonight.  I put the phone on the night table gently, in case he was sleeping; moved the chair and my other things to that side of the bed.
Even my feeble efforts bore fruit.  His kisses grew wilder.  He nipped at my mouth.
Sherlock lifted the drape and I read the sharp-edged letters in the stone.  “So who’s 'Lt. Albert George Simpson, Beloved', married to?” I asked.  “That’s usually written underneath.”
Yeah, I know.
“They bake those here,” Sherlock said, snapping his sweet in two and extracting the paper.
Sherlock offered the knife, hilt first and Mycroft took it with his bared hand, held it as though weighing it.  “I think John may be right,” he said with a smile that was barely there.  He passed the blade back to Sherlock and turned to me.  “Well done, brother.”
“You won’t be comfortable nor rested in the morning,” Sherlock said, coming to stand close enough to tower over me.
Sherlock didn’t look up, but he nodded.  A tear fell and was absorbed by the napkin.
And then I saw the dirt, and my gloved hand holding on to the root and Sherlock crouched beside me.
We heard Billy answering and leading our guest up the stairs.  We moved to the centre of the room and turned only when Billy knocked on the open door and announced Mr Corvus.
Sherlock’s eyes closed.
I wasn’t surprised, but I regretted that it was gone so soon.  At least I could have shared that.
My stomach tightened.  I held my breath.
“They must have put you up here when this was built,” I murmured, moving towards it.  I touched my palm lightly to the strings and ran my eyes over the gilt wood.  “What a beauty, you are,” I whispered and plucked a string.
I had not bothered tying my dressing gown and he appeared to be taking in all that there was to see.  I am not shy and stared right back at him.  He looked far less scruffy than usual.  His typical stubble had grown in and been neatly trimmed into a moustache and goatee.  His hair, too, looked longer and shinier.  It had been pulled back.  I’d never seen it like that and considered how long it had been since I’d actually laid eyes on him.  His clothing, too, was unusual, a black suit that didn’t hang off him and a button down grey shirt with just the collar button open.  He looked like he’d come from a job interview.  I glanced at his jacket pockets to see if a hastily removed tie was half hanging out.  I might have laughed at the idea, if his eyes weren’t still roving over me.
I straightened and leaned back against his chest.  The pillow fell at my feet.  The hand at my hip gripped more firmly; his other stroked from my throat to my groin.
The pipes had fallen silent, the birds, too.  They had been since we started across the water.  I could hear the lap of the water against the dam.
John took a deep breath and summoned some reserve of strength.  He sat back on his heels, pulling Sherlock onto his knees with him.  Sherlock took a gulp of air, head lolling forward, hands falling loosely by his thighs.  John drew Sherlock’s head towards him, rested it against the side of his face.  The breeze blew tangled curls into his eyes.  Sherlock exhaled, collapsing onto John’s lap and they both gasped.  John tightened one arm, rubbed his other hand along Sherlock’s chest then closed it around Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock’s wings curled forward.  John could not see the horizon any longer.  He closed his eyes and tensed his buttocks.  Sherlock’s chest expanded.  John relaxed, then tightened the hand around Sherlock’s cock and tensed his muscles once more.
With frogs for their watchdogs,
“And a £1000 a year,” Corvus added.
I stood by the corner of his work table and waited.
I played again.
“She has such a pretty voice,” Miss Turner enthused.
“Right,” I said, glancing at the windows.
On the desk, his phone began to vibrate.
John released his scissorhold, lifted a long leg and kissed over the pulsing vein behind the knee.
The musicians began to play.  A multitude of them.
I read the note beseeching our aid in a matter that the writer did not wish to commit to paper, but hoped to describe to us in person if we would agree to grant him audience that very afternoon and accompany him thereafter to a funeral service at Westminster Abbey at five o’clock and a meeting at a solicitor’s office immediately following.  He begged that we excuse the short notice of his request and his forwardness in enclosing a narrative which he had prepared to explain some of his circumstances.  The missive was signed with a wavering flourish:  Edgar Iorwerth Corvus, Esq.
He stepped into the room just as my eyes reached him, coat swinging about him, taking off his gloves.  In all this time, he hadn’t taken them off?  Or had he put them back on as he came up the stairs to remove them again in front of me, because he has had irrefutable proof that I admire his long, graceful hands?  I watched him do it anyway.  I did not care if it was staged.  The effect was always entrancing.
There was a knocking on wood.  John opened his eyes and looked around, his arm reaching out behind him.  He seemed to be alone.  His body seemed to think someone should be with him.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have allowed her this much time,” Sherlock muttered and hopped over the fence, which was supposed to keep people off the narrow patio that ran along the side of the neighbouring building.
I lifted my other foot.  It caught on something.  I pulled.  My ankle protested, but my boot would not budge.
Damn right.  It’s not your fucking house, fucker.
John pecked out the email to his landlord by firelight.  He pushed send and stretched, phone still in hand, back arched against the front of Sherlock’s chair, feet touching his own.
"Circulation," I murmured.
I stood and walked cautiously towards the distant light.
“I gathered the most that year,” Kit said proudly.
“We are lucky men, Watson,” Holmes exclaimed as Mrs Hudson poured.
Two sharp points traced faint lines down my chest, the pressure so light they tickled as they veered left across my abdomen and continued along my hip to my thigh.  In their wake, faint pink trails grew red as pinpricks of blood rose to the skin.  I drew two fingers through them, held them out to Sherlock.  He sniffed and looked up, eyes glittering, tongue rosy as he licked and nipped at my fingers.  The sheets rustled as my legs opened wider.  He looked down again.  I watched him lower his head, felt his cool breath on my heated skin, the press of his lips, the stroke of his tongue, and then his teeth found their favourite spot, and he bit.  My head fell back onto the pillows.  One hand was firm at my hip, the other gentle between my thighs.  My eyes drifted closed as he suckled.
I disconnected my laptop, slipped it and the charger into my bag.  The last two students had gathered their rucksacks and were headed for the doors.
Sherlock was wide awake, eyes bright and hair wild.  “Everywhere?” he breathed and John nodded.  “Let me see.”  John lifted his chin and Sherlock kissed beneath the exposed jaw and throat, and on down across his chest.
He uses that to make a point sometimes.  It is more effective than I care to admit.
“I’m certain you are, Corporal.”  I let him have the torch.
The words were supposedly about Holmes’s frequent recourse to the cocaine bottle, but they also expressed another quandary of mine, one about which I had also made vows to myself to speak out.  My head dropped against my pillows and a long, low exhalation escaped me very much resembling a moan.  I had been even more diffident about that other matter than I had been about the cocaine.  I had not been able to face the consequences that would likely ensue if I had drawn an erroneous conclusion from my observations, as Holmes so often chided me for doing.
“He was a clever one,” Mrs Turner said.  “Dying in the dark days.  Mrs Hooper and Doctor Molly could bring him up entire.”
I tip-toed over to the vent to retrieve the socks.
The music of a violin and a clarinet floated down from the floor above.
“So, no one but your parents knows who I am?”
He saw me watching.  His reflection smiled, a half-smile, half-hidden.
She patted my arm.  “Everyone has their distinct taste preferences.  The trick is discovering what they all are.”
“Box lots,” he announced.  “Someone in your family went to auctions and bought box lots.”
“Good,” Mycroft said.  “Reports at regular intervals, nothing indiscreet.”  Mycroft narrowed his eyes at Puck and lowered his brows for an instant.  “And mind you are not caught or...”  Mycroft flicked his own earlobe.
“After all these years of asking her, that was what did it,” she replied.
“Roderick thought he might be disappointed not to be named successor executor in his Will, if Madeline should die before him,” Corvus explained.  “I think that is why he insisted on my keeping the signed copy with me.”  At that, his head drooped upon his breast.
“Sherlock,” I called, “may I come in?”
, “good folk,”
“Was everyone able to evacuate the house that night?” I asked.
I stood.
waited.  I reached for the other arm, slid a fingertip along the path of the vein.
I thought he coloured a little at that.  “What did you think I was?”  It was becoming clear that he’d never thought I was entirely human.
Not the done thing though, is it?
I don’t know.
In the late afternoon, Mrs Hudson arrived with plates of sandwiches and fresh fruit and a pot of tea, advising me that Mrs Turner was much refreshed and enjoying having Mrs Hudson be her sous-chef for the time being.
“You've been?” he asked, glancing at me before he turned down a fork in the hallway.
“He is still new to it,” Sherlock said quickly. “I healed him as soon as I could.”
He was at my shoulder.
Knot undone, I dropped the string and unfolded the brown papers.  No damp had ever reached these.  As I eased the brittle layer off, yellowed cotton wool tumbled down the steps and confirmed that my prize was indeed a long, wooden box.  I dropped the paper beside me and curled my hands around the box's domed lid.  The surface was greasy; someone had waxed it generously before storing it away.  I grabbed a handful of the cotton wool and began to rub the wax off.
“Very good,” Mycroft said.
“What did you see that day?  I’ve been meaning to ask.”
Mrs Hudson stretched out her arm towards me and I took the brass flask she held.  “Same for you, dear, never fear,” she said and winked at me.
“The bantam?” I asked and his headdress took on more of the appearance of a coxcomb even as I stared.
“It distressed him,” I remarked.
Sherlock tilted his head at the water.  “That bird look familiar?”
He poured me a cup of tea without asking first whether I would like one.  What I would have liked was for the music to resume, but he never plays like that when I am with him.  Of an evening, he sometimes plays pieces he knows are amongst my old favourites and he plays still others while he’s thinking about his cases.  In these few scant weeks, he has successfully concluded two of his own and given Lestrade a hand with a third that had confounded him, but all have been concluded within the confines of London and mainly within the confines of Baker Street.  Perhaps he needed a respite from tackling webs of crime so far-flung that he was required to make, like Orpheus with his lyre, a journey to the nether world to unravel them.
“Your song,” he said.  “It’s still in your blood, hot and bright.”
I felt a bump and heard a scrape along the left side of the boat behind me.  I pulled my hand into my lap.
The woman leaned down along the horse’s neck, appeared to be whispering in its ear.
He rapped at the door.  It opened further.  The hall light lit nothing more.  The violin skipped nimbly up the melody, trembled on its highest notes.
His horse tossed its head.
He flung stuff out of drawers, found a lighter.  He cupped the flame and turned towards the hearth.  The flame blew out.  He tried again.  The flint split and fell on the floor.
He kept his eyes on me; he knew he was pressing his luck.
“No,” Mycroft agreed, “but the last step had to be performed by someone else and their aid could not be solicited.”
Its beak was too near his eyes for my comfort.
"A spur of the Tyburn," Sherlock answered.  "We can take it west sometime.  There's bound to be mischief in that direction at some point."
His tongue darted over his lips and he swallowed again.
John smiled down his chest at the furrowed brow and narrowed eyes visible above the swell of his cock.  “I told you, I’m very good with a blade.”
“Oh, you will.  Very soon, I think.  I’ll handle it now.  Can you stand?”
The faint splashing of the oars echoed.  I kept my head down.  Sherlock's forehead almost touched mine as he leaned forward.  As effortless as he made our journey seem, the fragrance of lavender was growing with each backstroke.
Apparently not.
I need to touch her, to understand.
Against my chest, Sherlock grumbled.
I narrowed my eyes at the information ornately set forth on the card.  What made me think it might be necessary?
“I’ve treated people who were unconscious, delirious,” I said.  “It’s not always possible to have a conversation.”
Ms Swann looked from Sherlock to John and back and sighed.  “You were wise.  I’m always putting things off, thinking I’ll be able to do it another day.  Now look where we are.”
Sherlock’s fingers trailed over John’s cheek.  “I cannot see the future,” he said, “but I suppose you will have as much as is usual for a human.”
I took a few deep breaths and rubbed my palms along my thighs.  My brain seemed my own again and my leg didn’t hurt.
“It was his art – to remain unseen.”  Sherlock took the dagger that matched mine from his belt and held it out to her.  “This was all that remained of him.  Keep it safe.”
“I don’t want any other time,” I said and ate the blackberry.
Like a statue, I stood under the hot spray.
Sherlock knelt on the carpet, folds of dressing gown fluttering down around him.
I shook my head slowly.  “What flavour is that?” I asked because it did not taste like anything I had ever had before.
I slid the silver blade into the new sheath.  It whispered its approval and the moonstone atop its hilt turned the sunlight that touched it into moonbeams for me.
Sherlock pressed a finger against the corner of his lips.  “Yes.”
My head was clearing.  I huffed.  “That’s cheating, isn’t it?  Artificially induced despair?”
“And Prince?”
I craned my neck over the rim of the stone and tried to see as much of the wall as I could in the moonlight.  Looking straight down yielded little data.  The wall appeared to be covered in vines, some of which still bore leaves.  Close to my perch, a specimen reached up into the air without any support but its own thorn-studded stoutness, which was easily as thick as my wrist.  Climbing up or down that wall would be a dangerous enterprise indeed.
“I thought I heard someone out here.”
I curled my hand around his wrist, felt his pulse against my thumb.  I let my head drop, closed my eyes when my brow touched his forearm.
“Bathroom,” he said and dragged me up.
His shirt was clinging to his back.  He had clearly been at it for some time and it worried me because he doesn’t perspire much, unless he’s ill.
